 Mavis Beacon sauntered into the senior partner's office, closed the door behind her, and perched her well-toned derriere on the top of his desk.

"Good morning, Mr. Cornwall."

"Good morning, Ms. Beacon, and how is my office manager this day besides the usual gorgeous and delectable?"

"Quite fine, Mr. Cornwall. Thank-you for asking. I think you ought to know about that the young accounts intern you took on—Brian? He has quite the eye for discrepancies."

"And he found . . .?"

"After looking over the Vander Meer contract, he told me that there were three different billing errors in the final copy. They would have cost the firm," she reached into her cleavage to pull out a note, "eleven thousand, seven hundred forty-eight dollars and nine cents."

Andrew Cornwall sat up straighter, "That's not an inconsiderable sum! We're going to have to make sure he knows that when he graduates he has a place here. Yes, he definitely has an eye for discrepancies. By the way, that's not the only thing he has an eye for."

"Mmm?"

Mr. Cornwall leered slightly, "I've noticed that whenever you walk through accounting his eyes lock on your backside like a heat seeking missile. He just sort of freezes until you get out of sight."

"Oh, that's just too adorable! I wondered. Every time I speak to him about his work he stammers and his ears turn red. I thought he was afraid of being corrected or caught in a mistake. I didn't realize there was a carnal involvement. My, my, that's interesting. He has the hots for me and our para-legal, Prudence, would be on him like a duck on a junebug if only she wasn't so shy and inhibited. Ah, the human side of a law practice . . ."

"Do you think we should help the situation along or just let Nature take her course?"

Mavis snickered, "Are you asking what we should do or what I'd like to do? I know which would be more fun."

"That goes without saying but we must keep the well-being of the practice in mind. You know the policy."

"'Gentlemen keep their pens out of the company inkwell', and a good policy it is, too. Of course, in Brian's case we always have the alternative of having Asphodel's do a house call. It would fit perfectly into the Professional Education account. Little Pru, on the other hand . . ."

"Asphodel's? A house call? Fat chance! For one thing it would be far too expensive, even after giving the boy a cut of the money he saved the firm. The poor kid might develop a taste for the place and it will be years before his discretionary income is in their range. On the other hand, a nudge towards the pleasures of the flesh wouldn't hurt. Any way you can 'nudge' him toward Pru?"

"I'll work on it, in my spare time." She hopped off the desktop and turned to the door, then froze. Over her shoulder she said, "And I just had an idea. I'll let you know how it works out."

*****

The next morning Mavis approached Brian's desk with just a bit more swing in her step than usual. She grinned internally to see his eyes focus on her swaying hips and the tips of his ears start to pink.

"Brian," she purred, "I told Mr. Cornwall about your work on the Vander Meer account yesterday. He was quite impressed and wants you to know that in circumstances like those, company policy dictates that the one who saves the firm money gets a ten percent cut. So here are two envelopes. One is your share, one thousand, one hundred seventy-five dollars and the other, this big one? It's from one of our most important and certainly oldest accounts. Make sure their tax filings are correct for this quarter."

The blush spread from the intern's ears down under his shirt collar. He muttered his thanks for the bonus and did a double take when he looked at the label on the larger envelope.

"Asphodel's? This is a joke, isn't it? There really is such a place?"

Ms. Beacon was surprised. "You thought otherwise? Brian, Asphodel's has kept Cornwall, Cordoba and Cho on retainer since the era when Mr. Cordoba and Mr. Cho's ancestors were thought suitable only for manual labor. The two businesses have had a continuous relationship for over one hundred twenty years, through six generations of both families. Yes, it's most definitely real."

Brian stammered, "I—I had no idea. I've heard such wild tales about the place I thought it had to be—be a myth."

A sly smile spread over the office manager's face. "Young man, most of the tales you heard probably have a strong core of truth. Be assured Asphodel's is real, highly regarded, influential and very profitable. Continue to show the kind of ability you currently seem capable of and there is a good chance that after you complete your C.P.A., Azalea O'Malley will have you looking over her personal accounts as well as her professional ones. Look over these documents carefully. You will find them educational—and very, very extensive. She's the richest woman in the state."

Brian took a very deep breath and shot his cuffs out before opening the envelope. "They will have my utmost attention!"

*****

The next noon, Andrew looked up at the sound of his door opening to see his wife enter and then turn and lock the door.

"Mmm?"

She slithered onto his lap and began to unbutton his double-breasted vest.

"Yesterday after the noon shift, Camellia and I were showering and she told me about the house call she made to Senator Garcia's office."

"A house call from Asphodel's? Wow, that water project is definitely important to someone. Was she paid by the proponents or the opposition?"

"Now, Andrew, you know we never ask that sort of question," She unknotted his tie and started to unbutton his shirt. "It would be so unprofessional. Anyway, that evening I was thinking that with all the gentlemen who have enjoyed me over years, none of them has ever done me on his desk at work. It was an experience I've missed.

So I thought to myself, Andy has a lovely big desk in his office. I'll just pop in on him some lunch hour and get properly used. And since this won't be an official coupling, he can do anything he wants with no prior contract. It will be such fun."

She leaned forward to lick his throat and then ran her tongue down to his bare chest, and around both nipples. She pinched on between her teeth.

"Jane, much as I would love to indulge your fantasies, lunch times are when lawyers meet clients!"

"Not today, they don't. I called ahead this morning and had all your appointments cancelled from eleven thirty, on."

"You what?"

Ms. Cornwall unfastened his suspender buttons and undid his fly. "I cancelled your appointments. I looked them over and since everything was routine, I told Mavis you weren't going to be available until late this afternoon. She thought it was a great idea. Darling, though I generally agree with your policy about fun and games with the staff, not fucking Mavis is just—just extreme. There's a woman with a body built for pleasure, hers as well as yours. But today," she got off his lap and pulled down his trousers, "you're going to make use of mine."

She stepped back from him, reached behind her back and languidly pulled down the zipper on her cashmere sweater dress. Shrugging her shoulders and tugging gently at the cuffs of her sleeves, she let it drop to puddle softly at her ankles. Putting her hands at her shoulders, she ran them down her torso, stopping to cup her unfettered breasts, stroke her smooth mons and off her thighs. Jane opened the purse she had set on this desk and withdrew a few squeeze bottles and then dropped to her knees.

"I've brought along a selection of lubricants, both hot and menthol for whatever you want to do to me. I think it's time we got started."

She took his stiffening member in her mouth and sucked hard, running her tongue up and down the shaft and under the head of his helmet. As he hardened she bobbed and rotated her head, running her fist up and down the shaft.

"My, you certainly seem ready, Mr. Cornwall, I'll just hop up onto this lovely green leather, shall I?"

Jane sat on her husband's desk, leaned back on her elbows, spread her thighs and lifted her knees with a knowing wink. Andrew stared hungrily at her lush body and down to her beckoning sex. When he was a young man just learning about sex accepted wisdom said that the man had to persuade the woman through foreplay. It occurred to him that such an approach might serve most men well with most women. Fortunately for him, Jane's appetites were as robust as his own. The swollen, glistening labia told him that more fooling around would be redundant. He leaned forward, clutched her by the hips and took her.

Jane moaned. Andrew knew just where to drive his thick member and at what angle. He was deliberately pounding her G-spot. He wants me to come hard and fast. Oh god, is this going to be a quickie so he can get back to work or does he want to make me melt-down? The man leaned down, took a nipple between his teeth and squeezed.

"Andrew!" Jane gasped as the thrill shot down her body. She felt the familiar build up and started to pant. He's going to make me scream. The whole office will hear me! I'll have to pretend to be so embarrassed. So. Much. Fun!

"Oooooh . . . god!" The orgasm hit like a wave crashing over her in spasms of emotion. Most of the women in Asphodel's concentrated on pleasing their clients but Jane could not help herself. Any man who could last five minutes would make her cum and cum again. She thought it was probably one of the things that kept them coming back and asking specifically for her. Then Andrew withdrew.

"Turn over." Jane was still shuddering from the last climax as she complied and she lifted her hips in anticipation. But instead of diving back into her muff, Andrew smeared a gob of gel onto his cock and pushed it against her anus. "Open!"

Her eyes widened. He was going 'around the world' with her, something that rarely ever happened at home. Anal sex at Asphodel's was a premium service and had to be negotiated in advance but today her husband was not even bothering to ask. He knew what he wanted and was taking it. She bore down and he popped inside. So! Full! Being buggered always felt like she was getting fucked by a horse. Men seemed so huge back there. Jane began to rotate her hips. He'd made her cum really fast, let's see how he liked being rushed to climax.

The combination of her tight sphincters, the way she swung her ass and the view of it waving around him was too much. With a grunt Andrew sent his load into her bowels. Again and again he came until finally he was spent and slipped out.

"Damn, woman. That was amazing. Just make sure you don't show up here when I've got important clients to meet."

"Why not? Let me soften them up and they'll agree to anything. Everybody is easier to deal with when they've been laid."

*****

"O'Malley residence."

"Hi, Henry, it's Andy."

"Top of the marnin' to ye, Cornwall! To what happy circumstance to I owe this call? I trust everything is well with you and yours."

"Oh, we're good. The family's healthy, business is up and even my golf game is improving. However, I do have an odd little situation at work I think needs your dear wife's consultation. Is she in?"

"Sorry, she'd down at the Gentian. Axel Trevethlyn is giving his quarterly dog and pony show to the foundation board of directors and she's sitting in to keep them under control. That will take until noon and then there'll be the traditional buffet in the Purple Sage Room."

"Mm-hmm. And that will be followed by a discrete withdrawal to the sixth floor for the afternoon's entertainment. I know how that goes."

"You got it. After all, the directors should support the business that helps fund the foundation and I've never heard any complaints about the service at Asphodel's. I'll tell her you called. She'll be intrigued and probably want to come see you about it in person. You free around nine thirty?"

"If I'm not, I will be. How about your schedule? You up for a round of golf Saturday morning?"

"Sure. I've let my swing get rusty over the last month or so and need to get it back. Seven a.m. tee off early enough?"

"Just fine, Henry. See you then."

*****

It is said that a man never forgets his first woman and if asked Andrew Cornwall would heartily agree. Of course, his would be especially hard to forget since she was sitting in his private office at nine thirty the following morning. Though her hair had turned silver, Azalea O'Malley was still slim and desirable in a cream Bill Blass suit and matching Gucci pumps. Andy whistled silently to himself and decided that though there was twenty years difference in their ages, he really ought to make an appointment with the most renowned madam in the state. She had been the best lay a young man could have hoped for and there was no reason to believe she had forgotten anything in the intervening years.

"Henry said you had something you wanted my advice on, Andrew?"

Cornwall grinned broadly and explained the dynamics that were affecting his staff.

"So you see, dear Azalea, young Brian thinks he is smitten with Mavis and Prudence is suffering from unrequited desire for Mr. Lancaster. It isn't affecting the operation of the office, yet, but I am concerned that it might."

Azalea gave a lady-like giggle, "I can't question the young gentleman's taste. On more than one occasion I've approached Mavis with the offer of part-time employment but she insists that she has more than enough on her plate keeping Cornwall, Cordoba & Cho in line. However, he really isn't in love with her, merely, as you say, smitten. How old did you say he was?"

"I didn't. However, he is just shy of twenty-two."

"Hmpf! At that age he is smitten by anything in a skirt. I'm assuming you want his attentions turned towards the younger lady? I'm sure Mavis is flattered but it could get annoying in short order. You said he's just shy of twenty-two? When's the big occasion?"

Cornwall grinned ruefully. "Honestly, I don't know. Mavis would. Should we be planning a serious celebration?"

"Perhaps. But do tell me, dear man, why you feel it necessary to get involved. It is most atypical of businesses to have anything to do with employee's love lives. Is there something special about either of the two of them?"

Cornwall leaned back in his chair. "Indeed there is. In a few months, Brian's internship ends and he is supposed to return to Berkeley. When he graduates he will probably be bombarded with offers from the biggest accounting firms in the country. I need to forestall that. He is good, really good. In an hour's time, reviewing a single document, he saved Cornwall, Cordoba and Cho over eleven thousand dollars. In an afternoon, he found one hundred thirteen thousand dollars in tax savings for Asphodel's. I want him to transfer to the local campus to finish that degree. I want him to complete his C.P.A. and I want him to go to law school here. He has the potential of making this firm the most important tax law specialist in the state."

"Ah," Azalea nodded sagely, "and the best way to capture his body is capture his heart first. You are a sly devil, Andrew, just like your esteemed father. Speaking of whom . . .?"

"He is still attempting to prevent the republic from collapsing into idiocracy. He despises Washington and most of the people in it but Mother tells me he insists on staying until after the next election. If the stress doesn't kill him, they'll be home the following Christmas."

"It will be good to see them again. Do give them my regards and tell your mother that I still owe her lunch. Besides, I am agog to hear the latest gossip and scandal from the Capitol. But back to the subject at hand. Tell Mavis to give me a call. This could be devious enough to keep me amused for a good week or so."

*****

Ladies' Friday Out was progressing from convivial towards giggly. That happy situation was due largely to the instructions the bartender had received regarding the strength of the drinks being served to one of the younger Ladies.

"Have another, Pru?" Jane Cornwall, society wife and hobbyist courtesan, was acting as hostess to her husband's staff monthly TGIF. "Dominic is such an artist with alcohol and mixers. It would be a shame to deprive yourself of his expertise."

Prudence had already undone a couple of buttons and loosened her hair band. Now she fanned herself with a napkin. "I really shouldn't but they are so good. Anyway, like I was saying, if I wasn't still living with my parents I could probably invite Brian in for a drink and seduce him but without a place of my own . . ."

Mavis sipped her Cabernet. "And unfortunately Mr. Lancaster has taken on the persona of a responsible member of the accounting profession. Expecting him to wine, dine and bed you is a waste of time. It's too sad. He's so young he should be prowling the bars and cafés but instead he leaves work late, eats a frugal meal at the local diner and retires to his studio apartment to delve into the excitement of the Wall Street Journal and Barron's. This is unnatural. I think as women it is our duty to loosen the lad up. What we need is an opportunity and that will present itself in two weeks."

"Oh," Prudence hiccupped, "You mean his birthday?"

A predatory smile spread across both older women's faces. "Precisely," they said together.

*****

Mavis and a somewhat hesitant Prudence entered the elevator of the Hotel Gentian. To Pru's amazement her office manager withdrew a key from her purse and inserted in a lock above the button marked '5' and turned it.

"What . . .?"

"We're going to Asphodel's, Pru. It's on the sixth floor and you can only get there if you have a key."

"You have a key to Asphodel's? But that's a brothel. Why?"

The corners of Mavis mouth turned up in mischief. "I borrowed it, dear, because when it comes to dealing with men on an intimate basis there is no one better to consult than a skilled courtesan. And the women in Asphodel's are the best. You want Brian so you're going to get him as his birthday present. The trick is to keep him and that we'll do by making you so irresistible that he never wants to let go. Now no arguments, young lady, and no reluctance. This is for both of you."

When the door opened, Mavis turned to her charge. "Azalea, this is Prudence Cabot. Prudence, Azalea O'Malley, owner of Asphodel's and our firm's longest running client."

"Uh, how do you do, Ms O'Malley?"

"Quite well, thank-you, and you may call me Azalea, Prudence. Please step out here in the brighter light so we can take a good look at you."

The three of them were joined by a scholarly looking woman with carefully sculpted iron grey hair and a professional manner. 

"Ah, Dr. Feinberg, I'd like you to meet Prudence. She's come for some consultation in matters of the heart—or regions near to it."

Dr. Feinberg chuckled in a husky, Middle-European voice. "Call me Marta, Prudence, I'm only Dr. Feinberg vhen I'm in my own office. Zo, a conzultation? Vhat zeems to be the problem?"

Prudence looked at Mavis for support and got only a gesture to explain. "Well, there's this guy in the office I work in? And he's really cute? But he has the hots for Mavis here even though she's—uh, several years older than he is? And I'd really like to get his attention but I'm too shy to start up a conversation or anything with him? So he treats me like a colleague!" Tears started to well up in the young woman's eyes.

The older women all nodded sagely. "That's not uncommon, dear," Azalea patted the girl gently on the shoulder, "unfortunately this society has little in the way of supervised courting these days. It's amazing anyone meets anyone and no surprise that so many of those relationships fail. Young people stumble across on another and think that if the first one doesn't work out, they can just stumble over to someone else."
