 (Set in England)

Filled with expectation, young accountant Terry Owens (26) drove off in his mid-sized Mazda to the home of his new girlfriend Traci to meet her family and stay the weekend. 

Traci has so far stopped him going all the way but he knew if he impressed her family she'd probably allow him to get a leg over.

Terry arrived at 6:30 as arranged and Mrs Cooke greeted him warmly and they called at the kitchen where Traci was preparing dinner. The young couple kissed modestly and then Mrs Cooke, who herself looked a bit of all right, took Terry to his bedroom.

"I'm so pleased Traci has met you," Mrs Cook said, placing an arm over Terry's shoulders and waggled the lobe of his far ear briefly before pulling away. "She's a little shy and my initial impression of you is you're anything but shy."

"We have to take people as we find them," Terry said, attempting to appear philosophical and elevated above the usual guys in their mid-twenties with their focus on sex and running with the gang.

He stared at Mrs Cook's tits and was certain she pushed them forward a little.

"My focus is to develop a profitable career that also rewards me intellectually."

"Oooh what high ideals," she cooed. "Here allow me to congratulate you."

Terry allowed her to kiss him fully on the lips and felt her press into him. He remained passive in case this was some kind of test. She rubbed his right nipple and pulled away smiling slightly and making no comment about his failure to respond.

"I trust you will find this room comfortable. Bruce and I won't mind if Traci decides to visit you during the night."

"But that would be improper," Terry said in fake protest and the mother laughed and headed for the door and said, "Don't bother trying to impress me to the max Terry."

Blood rushed to his face and he only just managed to stop apologizing, knowing that would have only confirmed her impression that he was just another young guy whose core thinking centred on ass, bum and pussy.

Turning at the doorway, Mrs Cooke said, "Settle in and then come through to us. You'll find condoms in the top drawer of the cabinet beside your bed."

"Don't you mean the drawer where rests a Gideon Bible?"

"You have impressed me Terry," she laughed slid a hand down over hip to rest on her ample ass.

The two females and visitor were chatting in the kitchen when Bruce and the Cooke's younger daughter arrived.

Bruce and Terry shook hands and he introduced Imogen who looked admiringly at his sister's new boyfriend.

"Do you play sport?" she asked, taking in his body shape.

"Only social age-group football now and I swim, play golf, cycle, run and spend a bit of time with weights."

"I thought so," Imogen said and her family looked at her as if wondering what the 22-year old university student was really thinking. 

They were almost finished dinner when Traci's phone rang and she went to the kitchen to answer it.

She returned and said excitedly, "I'm off to Bristol to play in the hockey tournament in the morning. Stephanie Smart sprained her ankle getting off the bus and two other players have eaten something that's upset them. Coach Murphy has called me and Annie Batten to join the playing side. That was Annie calling; she's on the way over to collect me. I'm off to pack. I'm sorry about this Terry but I'll be back early tomorrow evening."

"That's fine. Have a great time. I'll come out to see you off and then return home."

Traci said no he should stay and enjoy the break and she would rather return home on Sunday with him rather than go by bus.

"Yes stay Terry," her mother said and Terry said he would like that.

During the night Terry awoke and became someone was standing alongside his bed.

"Who's there?" he asked hoarsely.

"Shhh it's Alison," Traci's mum said. "I'm checking that you are comfortable."

"Yes everything is fine," he whispered. "Rest awhile with me."

"I won't do that but I'd like you to touch me."

"Where?" he asked, his head in a whirl as blood rushed down to his belly and dick.

She took his hand and pulled it under her short nightie.

"Um you want me....?" he began uncertain what to say.

"Yes I want you to work your fingers to push me into an orgasm?"

"Um?"

"What is it Terry?"

He stuttered, "Y-you're my g-girlfriends mother."

"Well yes and we both know that. Come along, just do it."

"That's it Terry, use three fingers or your whole hand if you wish."

The surrounding of the cavity his fingers targeted was hairy and dripping.

Jesus.

Terry easily slipped in three fingers and thought she felt so big she probably could take his arm up to the elbow. Oh yeah? 

He worked away and felt her warming up and she began tapping around her clit. Panting, Alison eventually hissed "faster, faster" and then squirted over his hand and on to the bottom sheet.

"Thanks," she said. 

He invited her to suck his dick and was told not to be so disgusting.

What?

Terry was half asleep at dawn when the top sheet was pulled back. He opened his eyes find he was looking at Imogen, with her bra bunched up under her tits and she was not wearing panties.

"Quickly," she said. "We have time for a bang before mum and dad stir."

"Why are you wearing your bra like that?"

"It's to push up my boobs to make you randy."

"I'm interested," he said, leering in the dim light of dawn. 

She said good and hopped in alongside. Leaning on his left shoulder, Imogen bent over and pushed her left tit over his mouth and commanded "Suck."

Terry was impressed with what going to university had apparently taught her about sexual techniques and ability to set a cracking pace with signs of leadership.

He pulled out and emptied over Imogen's tits and belly and she appeared impressed and was brave enough to scoop a bit into her mouth and swallow.

Gee she impressed him. She obviously liked fucking, possessed a wonderfully firm and well-shaped body and in personality and decisiveness she was streets ahead of Traci. If only... he then sighed.

Imogen stroked Terry's face and then lifted a breast and said "Suck."

His dick responded against her belly but she sighed and muttered damn in resignation when she heard the radio switch on in her parent's bedroom.

Imogen kissed the tip of Terry's nose and said, looking at him tenderly, "I could love you."

At the doorway she stood like a model, one hand on her hip the other holding up the back of her chestnut hair and she slowly revolved, giving him a great view of ass, tits and pussy.

"What would you like to do today?"

He replied lowering the pitch of his voice, "Go somewhere with you where we could fuck all day."

She giggled and was gone.

Imogen and her parents and Terry were at a restaurant having lunch when Terry's phone went.

"Hi," said Traci.

She asked what he'd been doing and Terry brought her up to date, leaving out the sexual encounters of course and the fact that Imogen's hand was under the restaurant table and playing with the tab of his zip. He asked her about that morning's hockey game and she said her team had won.

"Um I've met an old friend and have decided to stay the night and there is a chance our coach may want me to be a reserve if our team wins this afternoon and qualifies for the semis in the morning. I can get a ride back with my friend."

"Oh that's fine."

"Um Terry my old friend is male and he appears to be rather excited he's reconnected with me again. I'm sorry but he appears keen to get something going with me and I find that exciting."

"Oh, well do you want to speak to your mum?"

"No just give my love to everyone."

Terry said, "That was Traci. She sends her love to everyone and says she's staying the night and will find her own way back to Gloucester."

Reading Terry's reaction, Alison said, "Has she met an old friend?"

Terry said yes and looked away and the psychologist asked kindly, "Male or female?"

"Male."

"Oh Terry," Alison said, reaching across and patting his arm on the table. "I am so sorry."

"It's okay."

Imogen seized the opportunity. "Mum is it okay if I sleep with Terry tonight, er perhaps even earlier than that?"

"Of course dear, Terry will need comforting," Alison said, and turning to her husband Bruce with his mouth open in shock, said, "Darling flick your fingers at the waitress that seems to appeal to you and order more wine."

"Um if that's what you want. Have I missed something; I mean what are we celebrating?"

"We're celebrating Imogen's realization that she's found a decent boyfriend at last."

Imogen jerked down Terry's zip.

- - -