 Told from her point of view.



My husband and I got married when we were really young. I was 19 and he was 22. We had dated for a few years, and even lost our virginity to each other. Eric's friends always told him he "out-kicked the coverage." I'm 25, now, 5'3" and 125 pounds. I'm pretty slim, but my tits are really big for my frame, being 34Ds, and all. Eric is an average build, 5'8" and about 170. He's put on a few pounds since the wedding. I guess since I work out all the time, one of us has to hold the couch down.

Like I said, we lost our virginity to each other, so I had never really seen another guy's cock. I've always been a good Christian girl, so I didn't even see Eric's cock until we were engaged, and I never looked at porn or anything, so I just assumed 4 inches was an average size. I soon learned better.

Well, this girl I work with, Kara, was telling me about her latest date. She's what I used to call a "slut." She has profiles on 3 different dating sites, gets guys to fly her all over the country for weekend flings. It's safe to say she loves dicks! She was telling me her latest date was a really nice guy, and was so sexy. Full of muscles, tan, nice hair, but his dick was tiny, she said. 

"Oh, what a shame!" I mocked her, with my usual sarcastic tone.

"No, really!" she continued, "It was like 5 inches, max! What am I supposed to do with that?"

"5 inches?!" I burst out without thinking. Eric's was 4! Was 5 inches small?! It felt fine to me!

Luckily, she saved my embarrassment and didn't decipher the context of my surprise. "I know! Isn't that terrible? I told him I was sorry and made a mistake. I had to leave him there and buy my own ticket home!"

Oh my God! She left the poor guy there because his dick was 5 inches long! And I've been sleeping with my husband's 4 inch penis for 6 years! I had never thought about straying or even flirting with other men. I'm a Sunday School teacher, I sing in the choir! I'd never do something like that! But I couldn't help but wonder if Kara was right. Was Eric small? What had I been missing out on?

Days and weeks went by, and every time I was with Eric, I couldn't help but imagine what it would be like if he had a bigger penis. I felt like a slut, and I felt dirty, but I couldn't quit thinking about it. Late one night, after Eric and the kids went to sleep, I got on our computer. I was going to find out for sure what an average sized penis is, just to set myself to rest. I needed to quit worrying about this once and for all.

I typed into the search box: how big are penises

Well, needless to say I was surprised by some of the results. I couldn't find any scientific results, but I did find a couple of sites that might help me clear my mind. I mean, Eric was asleep, it was just me and God here, and God knew what I was doing was just trying to help my marriage, so it couldn't be that bad, could it?

I clicked on one of the links, called Big Cock Sluts. I had never looked at porn in my entire life. I didn't even know what to expect. I had imagined it would be filthy and disgusting, but I never imagined exactly how I'd feel. As soon as I saw the first cock, I tingled. It was easily twice as long as Eric's, and maybe three times as thick! 

This can't be real! I thought to myself.

As the movie continued, 4 more guys joined the party. This one girl, who was kind of cute, was being used by 5 enormous dicks! I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe I was watching it, either! What would my husband think? Or my kids! Or my Sunday School group! There was only 2 minutes left, so I told myself I'd quit watching when the movie was over.

Just as I had that thought, the first guy came. I stared in awe. It was so much! One guy covered her face with his semen! I had never let Eric do that, though he asked me a couple times. In fact, this girl had done a LOT of things I'd never done. 

After the first guy covered her face, two more added their jizz. I looked down, and I had three fingers inside me! I was masturbating! To PORN! I felt so guilty, but I couldn't stop! The next two guys were stroking themselves next to her cum-covered face, and I began to wish it was mine! I closed my eyes and imagined me sitting there, with three guys' cum on me, and two more ready to go!

I had the volume turned down so I wouldn't get caught, but I had a sudden urge to listen. I needed to hear how they were talking to this lucky girl!

"You like this, you cum slut?" One guy said.

"Yeah, slut! You love cum, don't you!" Leered the other.

She responded with a low, sensual, "Yeah, give me your cum!"

In a split-second, I imagined myself, surrounded by men, begging for their cum! I wanted to see their big cocks spewing cum on my face! I wanted to feel sexy enough to make a dick that big cum!

I was rubbing my clit with one hand, and pumping four fingers in and out with the other. I began to cum harder than I ever came with Eric. "OHHH FUCKKKK!" I screamed out!

I knew I had screamed. I had woken Eric. Quickly, I shut the computer off, and ran to the kitchen. Eric came running in, completely naked, as if God wanted to remind me what I had vowed to stay faithful to. With his soft little dick barely peeking out from behind a tuft of red pubes, he asked what was wrong.

"Oh, I saw a mouse." I thought of the best excuse I could think of. I looked at his little dick again, comparing it to the monsters I had masturbated for, and said, "but don't worry, it was tiny."

"Well come to bed, honey, don't worry about it."

All night I couldn't stop thinking about those cocks, how big they were, and how much cum they shot on that lucky girl's face. I knew I wouldn't be able to quit thinking about it. I needed to find a big cock, and have my way with it, if I ever wanted to find closure with this obsession I had developed.

Kara's constant kissing and telling wasn't helping. She'd come to work every Monday and tell me about the big cock she had enjoyed over the weekend. I was regretting my marriage more and more. It must be nice to be single and have a steady supply of cocks to play with.

Then one Sunday, it hit me! There I was, at Church, daydreaming about cocks, when I saw the young adults singles group! 30 or so young, healthy, twenty-something guys! Surely at least one or two of these guys would be willing to help me get rid of my dirty thoughts! It took a lot of courage, but I had to do something! I couldn't keep thinking about big cocks all the time like this! It was unhealthy, and sinful to boot!

Between Sunday School and Service, that day, I saw Todd in the hallway. He had always looked at me in a way that made me feel uncomfortable. Today, it made me feel alive. I knew he had to be the one. He had to be horny enough to let me have his cock. I just hoped it was big! I waited until there was nobody around us, and asked him to come into my Sunday School room. I taught the Young Couples group, and I had already sent everybody out, so I knew we'd be alone for a few minutes. 

My plan was to lure him in there, set up a date for this week, and figure something out from there. I know, not much of a plan, right? Well, when we got into the room, I closed the blinds. He must have known exactly what I wanted, because as soon as I turned around, he was unbuckling his belt. I froze. Was he going to expose himself here? In God's house? But I couldn't move. I couldn't talk. My body was forcing me to wait and see what he had to offer.

He pulled his pants down, and I could see the bulge of a semi-erection in his boxers. He looked at me and asked if this was what I wanted. I couldn't talk. I just grinned at him from ear to ear. He pulled his boxers down, and there it was. His dick was easily as big as the guys from the porno video. May 9 or 10 inches, if I had to guess. And it wasn't even hard, yet! I walked over to him, and began kissing him with more passion than I've kissed Eric with in years. I reached down and wrapped my fingers around his huge dick, feeling it harden in my hand. I could feel the moisture from my pussy running down my leg through my panties.

I started stroking his cock, and whispered to him, "we don't have a lot of time," knowing service started in 3 minutes, and my husband would wonder where I was.

"I'll be quick," he whispered back, "just turn around."

I did as he said, and felt him lift my skirt up around my waist. His fingers trembled as he pulled my panties to the side, lightly rubbing my juicy pussy. "Looks like you're ready to go," he whispered.

I didn't even have time to respond before I felt it. It felt like nothing I've ever felt before, and I couldn't help but let out a groan of pleasure. I didn't want to get caught, but I just couldn't control myself. "Don't stop," I managed to squeak out.

His cock filled my pussy, and my entire body tingled as he pumped in and out of me. I had been fantasizing about it for days, but it felt better than I imagined having a big cock inside me.

"You like my big cock, don't you, you little slut!" he whispered into my ear.

"Oh, God, yes! I love it!"

The dirty talk was getting me closer and closer to orgasm. I had played this through in my head so many times, but it was finally happening. After just a few seconds of having him inside me, I felt a surge of pleasure. It was the strongest orgasm I'd ever experienced! It only lasted a few seconds, but it felt like hours. My knees got weak, and I slipped off his cock onto the floor.

Laying there, with my breasts hanging out of my blouse, my skirt around my waist, and my underwear pulled to the side, I must have looked like a slut. Todd looked at me, with his giant cock throbbing, and said, "stay right there, you slut, and I'll give you what you really want."

He started stroking his cock with his powerful hand, and I watched as he built up to orgasm. It was so sensual watching him masturbate for my body. He looked at me and said, "open wide."

I held my mouth open as he sprayed his cum all over my face. Some of it got into my mouth, but most of it went on my face and tits. There was so much of it! I felt like the girl from the video, and it was wonderful!

When he finished, he quickly put his clothes back on and went on to the Service. I looked at my watch and saw it was starting in 30 seconds! I wiped the cum from my face and tits, licked my fingers off, and got dressed. Still putting my tits into my bra, I went into the hallway and into the Sanctuary. I found my family, and sat in the seat Eric had saved for me. "You okay?" he asked.

I looked at him and smiled, "never been better."

During the opening prayer, I bowed my head, and saw the stain on my blouse. It was Todd's cum. I knew I couldn't think of an excuse to leave, so I had to leave it there the entire service. I felt so dirty, so slutty, but it was amazing. There I was, the Sunday School teacher, the mother, the wife. Sitting with her family in church, with another man's cum on my blouse.

I had done this to try to keep these thoughts out of my head, but I knew they'd continue. And I knew I'd keep looking for big cocks to fuck. Sure, I'd keep fucking Eric and his little cock, but I knew it would never be enough for me again. I was a big cock slut, now. And I loved it.