 I was going home after my shift and I noticed a car pulled over on the side of the road with a flat. As I got closer, I noticed a lady opening her trunk as if she was looking for a spare. I pulled off behind her and turned on the lights to my motorcycle. Fortunately, they let me bring my unit home so I could use my blue lights to warn the passing vehicles that there are problems ahead.

You turned around when you heard me pulling up and a look of relief was on your face when you saw a cop pulling up. You were in a rough neighborhood so I was a welcome sight.

I walked over to the car and smiled at you and said, "You picked a good place to have a flat." You smiled back and said that I was a welcome sight. I told you that I just got off of my shift and was on my way home so I could help you out. I got the jack out and put the spare on so you could be on her way.

The whole time that I was changing your flat, we had some small talk and I kept noticing that you were looking at me. When I looked at you, you would turn her gaze away, trying not to let me know that you was looking. I smiled and finished what I was doing.

When I was done, I told you that I'd follow her as far as your house so I would know that you got home all right. She thanked me and off we went.

She pulled into an apartment complex and I sat on my bike while she got out of the car. She walked over to me and asked me if I had to go home right away and I told her no, not really. You mentioned that you had some good homemade soup and would love it if I would stay and eat some with you for being so helpful. I said, "Sure, I'd love that, but I hope that her neighbors didn't get nosy because a cop was walking with you into your apartment." You said you weren't concerned with that, so we went inside.

"Since you are in your uniform, can you drink a glass of wine," you asked? I smiled and told you that is no problem because I'm off duty now and we wouldn't be drinking in public. You poured us some of your favorite dinner wine and we enjoyed it while you were heating up the soup.

I found out that you were a school teacher and were excited that this was Friday until you had your flat. But then, in your inner thoughts, you felt that maybe fate had happened in our meeting like this.

After we ate, and I helped you clean the dishes, we went over to the couch with our glasses of wine and sat down and talked a while.

I found out that you had always had a thing for cops and found the uniform caught your eye. We were enjoying out conversation when you sat your drink down on the coffee stand next to the couch and got up and went over to the stereo. You put one of our favorite CD's on and it was some nice slow dancing music. I got up off of the couch and asked you if you wanted to dance and you agreed. I pulled you into my arms and we began to dance.

Every once in a while you would take your head off of my shoulder and run your fingers over my uniform. After each time you did that, you seemed to move closer to me and eventually I had to ask you, "You do have a thing for uniforms don't you?" "Yes, I do," you responded.

"It's not so much the uniform than it is the authoritative figure that's goes with it," I asked. I bet you like being told what to do by someone in authority don't you?"

"Yes" you answered.

I stopped dancing and took your hand and led you in front of the couch and told you to stand there while I sat down on the couch. "I want you to take off your blouse for me," I commanded.

You looked into my eyes and blushed a little then moved your fingers to the buttons of your blouse. One by one you started undoing while you never took your eyes off of mine. When your blouse was undone, I told you again to remove it and you took it off of your shoulders and let it drop to the floor.

"Now, your bra," I commanded as I looked at the fullness of your bra.

You reached behind you and unhooked the snap and your breasts seemed to make the bra pop off when you released the pressure of your straining breasts. You quickly put your hand in front of you and held your bra against your breasts.

"All the way off," I said. "I want to see your breasts."

You hunched your shoulders forward and the straps slid down your arms. 

You moved your hand away and your bra feel off and your breasts seemed to yearn for my touch but I wasn't ready for that even though I wanted to.

"Now your skirt," I commanded.

Your fingers, now shaking a bit with excitement, found your clasp on the side of it and you undid it. You moved the zipper down and then hooked your fingers in the top of it and pushed it down your legs, leaving your panties and stockings on. You stepped out of the skirt and your eyes went back to mine and waited to see what else I wanted you to do.

I noticed that your nipples had changed from the soft silver dollar shape to a smaller, yet more pointed nipple as if pointing your breasts in my direction. I could see that you were definitely getting into this. In fact, I was getting into this because the bulge in my pants started growing.

"All right now, turn around slowly until your back is to me then slide your panties down your legs slowly," I commanded.

I saw you swallow hard but then you started turning around until your ass was facing me. Your fingers found the tops of your panties and you started sliding them down over your thighs and then you stepped out of them.

"Spread your legs apart and then lean down until you can see me through your legs. Then I want you to run your hands up your inner thighs until they reach your pussy," I said. "Then take your finger and with just the tip, slide it back and forth through your lips of your pussy and show me how wet you are getting."

You close your eyes and run your hand up the inside of your thigh until you reach your pussy. With that finger I wanted you to use, you slide it just inside of your labia and began moving it back and forth the length of your slit. You start moaning and then you say, "I need you to fuck me officer" I asked, "What". "I need to be fucked now officer," you begged. 

"Not now my pet," I said.

Your finger started moving deeper inside of you and your pussy began flooding. Little droplets of your juices began running down your finger onto your hand.

"Ok baby, now lay down in front of me with your knees elevated and your legs spread and then I want you to take your fingers and spread your lips for me." I commanded.

Your knees were getting weak and you didn't have any problems getting on the floor with your pussy near me so I could see you good. With your knees up in the air, you get a sexy smirk on your face and you take your fingers and spread your labia until I could see how wet you are. I see your silky walls of your pussy. I see the swollen clit as you use your finger to lift your little hood. You take a finger and bring it to your mouth to wet it then you seductively slide it back and forth over your clit. You raise your hips off of the floor to give me a better view of your open pussy as you move from your clit and slide your finger inside of you. A second one follows and you start fucking yourself with your fingers as your hips begin moving in coordination with your fingers.

My cock has grown to major proportions watching your seductive actions. 

Your eyes fix on my bulge through my pants and you say, "I want that cock inside my aching pussy officer. I want it now." Your fingers begin moving harder and faster in and out of you and up to your clit. Your hips start bucking as you begin an earth shuddering orgasm. Your juices flood your pussy and begin to leak out and through the crack of your ass. Your body jerks a few more times and then your hips lay down on the floor once again.

I slide off of the couch and run my hands up your thighs and then grab you and turn you over onto your stomach. I get close to your ear and whisper, "You are so hot baby. My cock will be yours soon enough." I run my hand down your back and over your ass. I move down and lift your hips until you were on your knees. My hands begin squeezing your ass cheeks and then I grab them and spread them wide, then take my hand and shove my fingers inside of your pussy and begin stroking you. I remove my fingers and run them up through the crack of your ass, mixing your fresh juices from my fingers and the juices that have previously leaked out of your pussy. After you are totally wet, I spread your cheeks again and lower my head until my tongue begins sliding through your crack. I push my tongue lower until it touches the lips of your pussy and then back up until I find your tiny rim of your ass and twirl my tongue all around it. You sigh and push your ass back against my face. Your fingers reach down between your legs and you find your pussy with your fingers and beg me to fuck you now. Watching you finger yourself, I unzip my pants and take my cock out and guide it to the opening of your pussy.

I place the head just inside and then grab your hips and pull you back as I push forward. Your fingers opening your pussy for me to enter you. You feel my cock with your fingers as I slide in and begins stroking you. My hips slap against your ass each time I thrust in you. Your body pushing back harder each time. We fuck each other until I feel that my orgasm is nearing. I want to cum in you but not like this. I pull my cock out of you and tell you to turn around and take my cum.

You turn around and I move my cock closer to your face and I begin stroking it and feeling my balls beginning their push to rid myself of my pent up passion. The first spurt of my cum hits you on the lips which causes you to open them and stick out your tongue. I move the head just on top of your tongue and more cum flows from my hard cock. Your mouth opens wide as my cum begins sliding down your tongue and into your mouth. You begin lapping against the head of my cock, trying to catch every drop. I reach around and grab your hair and pull you closer as I push my cock further into your mouth. My cock jerks as I try to squeeze the last drops out of it. I pull my cock out and drop to my knees and kiss your cum covered lips and our tongues slip and slide against each other.

Your body leans against mine and I hold you close to me. Your body radiating with sex. Your skin so hot as I hold you.

My beeper goes off and then I help you up and ask to use your phone. I call the office and they tell me that I have to go in for a special detail. 

You dress in your robe and walk me to the door and we kiss goodbye and then I leave. This is not the last time we ever see each other however. I look forward to each time we are together.