 Marnie was late to class again, coffee spilled down her wrinkled t-shirt that may or may not have been clean. As she closed the door behind her and took her seat in the back of her English class, her professor gave her a glance over the dark frames of his glasses and shook his head, marking her tardy. She was embarrassed; this happened for too often, her being late. It wasn't her fault the bus never ran on schedule and the guy beside her managed to knock her hot mug of coffee out of her hands and down her shirt for the third time in two weeks. 

She paid attention in class, taking notes on the professor's lecture on "The Awakening" by Kate Chopin. Even though she'd already read the book three times, she still tried her best to pay attention. 

When the professor released the class at 1:15, he called Marnie over. "Marnie, is everything okay? You've been late to class almost every day this week."

Marnie sighed, trying to wipe at the still wet spot on her shirt. The hot coffee had turned cold though and made her nipples perk under the thin fabric. 

"I'm sorry, Dr. Roberts, I'm just having a hard time balancing everything right now," she said, switching her backpack to her other shoulder as it started to feel heavy and weight her down even more. 

"Is there anything I can do?" he asked her. 

She thought about the failing grade he gave her on the paper she'd written on early poems by female authors and cringed. "Is there any way I can pass this class?"

"Come into my office; we'll look at your grades," he said, gathering his notebooks and leading her upstairs to his office. 

It was a small space cluttered with books and manila folders stuffed with ungraded tests and papers. His bookshelves were overflowing and the place felt cramped with just enough room for a small leather chair (that most likely wasn't real leather) for his students to sit on. Marnie set her backpack down on the floor and took a seat in the chair as Dr. Roberts pulled up her grades on his computer screen. She could feel her face growing hotter; she knew there was no way to pass this class. 

"How bad is it?" she asked, wishing the words had never popped out of her mouth.

"Well, according to this, you'd need a hundred and fourteen points on the final to pass," Dr. Roberts sighed. 

"Shit," she said, placing a hand over her eyes. "Is there anything I can do?"

Dr. Roberts sighed. "I don't usually give extra credit to students who are habitually late to class."

"Thanks. I guess there's no point in me coming to class anymore then," Marnie sighed, wishing she'd known this before she read "The Awakening" for the third time. 

Dr. Roberts leaned back in his chair. "Perhaps we can work something out," he said. 

Marnie perked up. "I'll do anything."

"What's your definition of anything?" Dr. Roberts asked. 

Marnie hadn't considered this before. What wouldn't she do? She already had thousands of dollars in debt and really didn't want to retake the class. What would that be worth to her.

She took a deep breath. "Anything," she said. 

Dr. Roberts wasn't an unattractive man, just a middle aged guy with short salt and pepper hair and glasses. He was still quite fit and, as Marnie's roommate had once pointed out, a nice ass. He had a slight southern accent that he tried to cover up and regularly wore sweater vests that would've put Bill Cosby to shame but there was something quite charming about him. 

"On that note," he said, "I need an assistant."

Marnie sighed. He wasn't thinking of what she was thinking of. 

"Okay," she said. 

"Are you free this afternoon?" he asked. 

She looked at her watch. She had a night class but it wasn't for a few hours. She nodded. 

"I want to find out exactly what you meant by anything," he said. 

Maybe he did mean what she thought. 

"Technically you will be my assistant. You will make me coffee and check my teacher mailbox twice a day. You will also perform other acts," he said. 

Marnie leaned back in her chair nervously. 

"I'm not sure what you mean," she said. 

"I'm hiring you," he said. "You will earn your extra credit."

"But what did you mean by other acts," she said, shifting. 

Dr. Roberts leaned forward. "I want you to kiss me," he said. 

Marnie swallowed hard. It wasn't that Dr. Roberts wasn't attractive but she hadn't quite expected that from him, a married man with pictures of his kids hanging up on file cabinets right beside her. 

But she did what he told her to do. She stood up, leaned across his desk and placed her lips onto his. His lips were softer than she'd expected, smooth and strong. He pushed his tongue into her mouth. He was very gentle and she placed a hand on his shoulder which felt much thicker and stronger than it looked under his plaid button up. 

Without unlocking their lips, her tongue still tangled with his, she moved around his desk and sat down in his lap. She could already feel his cock hardening through his khaki pants, brushing up against her thigh. 

As their lips parted, Dr. Roberts looked her in the eye. "I've been thinking about you a lot," he admitted. "I always thought you were beautiful."

Marnie blushed as her fingers tugged at the buttons on his shirt. He leaned in and kissed her neck, his teeth nibbling slightly at her tender skin. Her skin tingled and she felt her whole body buzz with nervous anticipation. 

As she slipped his shirt off and revealed his bare chest, she rubbed her hands across his skin, smooth and dotted with little curled hairs that tickled her fingertips. 

"Take off your clothes," he said and Marnie obeyed, taking her hands from him and standing up. She pulled her shirt over her head and let it drop to the floor in a heap before releasing her breasts from the confinement of her bra. Her professor watched her, leaning further back in his chair and rubbing his cock through his khakis and she slid down her jeans to reveal her pink lacy thong. 

As she reached for her underwear he stopped her. "That's my job," he said, reaching forward and sliding them down her smooth ivory legs. 

Her knees went weak and she didn't know if she could stand anymore as he started running his fingers around her clit, getting down on his knees in front of her. He pushed her back onto his desk and spread her legs apart, diving into her now dripping wet pussy. His tongue ran marathons around her sweet, sensitive clit, diving into her hole and them heading back up to her pleasure center. Her body reeled with ecstasy as he shoved a finger deep inside of her and continued flicking his tongue back and forth on her clit. Her body was pulsing and buzzing and her head was spinning faster and faster and she tried to stifle her moans, knowing there were other professors and students walking past his paper thin office door. 

As she reached climax she covered her mouth with her hands, stifling a scream of pleasure and he greedily lapped up her sweet juices. As she came down from her high, he slid down his pants and stood up, revealing his massive cock. Marnie had never seen one as big and didn't know if her tight pussy could take it but she wanted it so badly. She slid to her knees and took his massive cock into her mouth, sucking him and lapping at the head with her tongue like a lollipop. 

He groaned and stopped her. "Don't make me come yet," he said, picking her up and throwing her onto his desk. A pile of student essays fell to the floor as her body slid across the surface, her legs open and her pussy wet and ready for his cock to plunge deep inside of it. 

He teased her by rubbing the tip of his cock around the outside of her cunt and Marnie moaned, anticipating the feeling of his big dick inside her. "Is this what you want?" he said, shoving his cock inside her in one motion, filling her wet cunt up. She stifled a scream of pleasure as he started pumping in and out of her. Her pussy was pulsing with pleasure and her muscles started spasming as she went into the throes of another powerful orgasm, squealing as she was unable to control herself anymore. He slapped a hand over her mouth as he continued to ride her, his cock thrusting in and out of her faster and faster. A small bead of sweat dripped down his face as he pulled out and came all over her tight stomach, his cum coating her soft skin and dripping from the end of his cock. 

They were breathing hard and Marnie reached down and dipped her finger in the cum on her stomach, bringing her fingertip up to her lips to taste his salty sweet jizz. "You like cum?" he said, as she licked her finger clean. "Next time, I'll put it here," he said, sticking a finger into her mouth. She sucked on it hard before he pulled it away and grabbed a wad of tissues to clean up.

Marnie, still breathless, wiped herself clean and began redressing herself. 

"You're free to go," Dr. Roberts said, "but I'll see you on Tuesday after class."

She nodded, buttoning her pants and reaching down for her book bag. 

"Consider your assistant duties done for today. Don't forget to check my mail tomorrow," he said, buttoning his shirt and nodding as she reached for the door handle.