 'Did I say something wrong? Why hasn't he texted me back?'

Amy thought about those questions for almost ten minutes, maybe more, before deciding she couldn't sit around at 2:30 am waiting for some stranger to answer back. 'I mean, what was I thinking anyway? I was a married woman. Happily married.' The muddy-blonde wife put her hand on the lid of the laptop, determined to end the connection and call it a night. 'Maybe, it was better he wasn't answering.'

Amy couldn't close the lid, though. She shook her head, exhaled. There was just something about this stranger. She'd never met him, yet he was crawling under her skin and making her want things, desire things she shouldn't. She was having adulterous thoughts about another man and could feel herself getting aroused. She reached under the band of her pajama bottoms and felt her thong. She was wet, so damned wet. In a flash of regret, she removed her hand and raucously rubbed her socked feet on the couch cushions, fighting the urges. But, she couldn't shake the feeling. She wanted him to come back online, wanted to finish the conversation. She wanted to pretend she could hear his words, feel his breath on her skin, his hands on her body.

'Shit!'

The thought of fucking another man made Amy hot, to the point she wanted to peel off her pajama bottoms to let her fingers end the need. 'How the hell was I going to go to bed and lay next to my husband while thinking about some delicious stranger seeded between my legs?' Trying to ignore her throbbing clit, she uncurled her legs and planted her feet on the floor. "I'm closing this laptop and nipping this nonsense in the bud before I fall further down this rabbit hole," she mumbled. Yet, as she put her hand on the mouse and raised the curser to the top of the screen...

Bobby: I lost connection for a sec.

'Fuck!'

Amy could've ignored his message, pretended she didn't just sit around for nearly thirty minutes waiting for him to answer her back. She could see him smiling, if he knew her body temperature was rising at the mere thought of talking to him. He'd probably enjoy knowing he had her wanting to raise her backside in the air, like some bunny rabbit in heat. Her face was flushed. 'End the connection... end the connection!' Her brain screamed. The mouse slid over the mousepad, assisted by her stubborn fingers. It made the cursor hover over the text bar instead.

Me: Perfect timing.

Bobby: Shouldn't you be in bed?

'Lord knows I should...' Amy thought as she typed.

Me: Yes.

Bobby: I guess... I'll go now.

'Oh no, you aint! Not after making me wait for you.' Amy bit her lip, contemplating a more racy text. She started typing but quickly erased it.

Bobby: U erased...

'Crap!' Amy forgot he could see her writing status. He knew she'd erased something.

Me: I did. I'm sorry. You tugged at my strings. Sleep might be hard for me.

Bobby: No. Sleep will be HARD for me.

'Whoa! Did he just make me think of his hard cock?' The image of him sprawled on his bed with his big dick, stiff as a pole, soaked her panties. Her head spun with lustful images, making her body soft like a cooked noodle.

Me: Thanks for that. See what I mean? You are tugging real hard on my strings.

Bobby: What are you thinking about?

Amy palmed her face, rolled her eyes. 'He wanted to know what I was thinking? If he only knew... Well, maybe he should.'

Me: The truth? The guilty truth?

Bobby: What is that?

Me: You.

'There. I'd said it.' Amy tilted her head back, stared at the ceiling. Her mind raced with unbidden images of naked bodies entangled in sheets. The alert from a new text interrupted that.

Bobby: What about me?

'God, he wants to play. Could he not make it so easy to fall into this trap?' Amy trembled with anticipation, and without thinking, texted back.

Me: Tasting my lips.

Bobby: I like that, which ones?

'Of course you do. And you know which ones! You've wrapped your wrists around my ankles and are dragging me down this stupid rabbit hole!' Amy bit her nails before continuing.

Me: Your hands on my body... I can't believe I'm saying this.

Bobby: You're naughty

'Great.' Amy sighed. 'He thinks I'm some hussy. Or... some bored and desperate housewife that reads too much mommy porn.'

Me: I'm not.

Bobby: You sure?

'Actually, I could be very naughty—' Amy stopped herself mid-thought. Wait! Stop! You can't say that.

Me: Yes.

Bobby: Fine...

'No! Not fine.' Amy wanted to be naughty with him. 'Crap!'

Me: But you make me want to be.

'Oh, God.' Amy palmed her face again. 'I do sound like a hussy.'

Me: And it's a bit unnerving.

Bobby: Why?

The words poked at Amy. She could imagine the strong, grisly voice behind them. For some unexplainable reason, she felt she could just be free with him. She could divulge her secret desires to this disembodied entity across the internet, and it was liberating.

Me: I'm all hot and bothered thinking about another man that's pretty bad.

Bobby: That's never happened?

The text woke Amy from her sexual trance. She perked up at the accusation.

Me: You think I do this all the time?

Bobby: No, I'm just asking.

Me: No. It hasn't.

Bobby: Why do you think its happening?

'You gotta be kidding me.' Amy furrowed a brow. 'Is he trying to psychoanalyze me right now?'

Me: Beats the hell out of me. Coz it's late? Maybe I'm just fucking horny or because for some unknown reason I like you.

Bobby: Why are you so horny? Do you get horny when it gets late?

'Why all the questions! Stop making me think about what is happening to me and just... just...' Amy couldn't even think right.

Me: Yes... and you got my mind fucked up.

That summed it up for Amy. He had her mind all fucked up. He'd dragged her down this road of no return. 'Could we just get on with it already!' He was beginning to frustrate her in a very delicious way.

Bobby: How did that happen?

Me: Must I spell it out for you?

Bobby: You don't have to. But, I wish you would.

Amy became frustrated. She'd opened up to him, telling him everything, only to have him toy with her desires.

Me: How about you give me something? I'm confessing my secret thoughts.

Bobby: Like what?

Me: You've told me nothing.

Amy pressed the buttons with a smile, antagonizing him, challenging him to see what he'd say.

Bobby: I'm the one that started this. You know I want my throbbing cock between your warm thighs. Did I mention that?

'Christ! Why does him saying that make my legs tremble?' The comment took the air from Amy, her eyes widened with excitement. She sat up straighter, needing him to give her something more. She yearned for more.

Me: Yes... well, is it throbbing?

Bobby: Oh, yeah. Can you feel it?

Amy smiled. 'Now I got him talking.'

Me: I'd want to.

Bobby: Can you see it, pulsating in your hands?

Amy laid her head back on the couch cushion. She couldn't hold back anymore. He was making her so hungry for his cock. She could literally see it, feel it in her hands. She knew what he wanted her to do. So, she did. She texted back with one hand while the other climbed downstairs. Her hand slid back under the band of her pajama pants, fingers rubbing over her slit and searching for her swollen nub. She fiddled the top of her pussy, rolling her hips up.

Me: I can feel its warmth.

Amy closed her eyes, reached out, and surprisingly felt it with her soft palm. Her eyes shot open and found Bobby standing before her, his cock hard as an iron rod in her hand.

"That's it. Keep stroking it," Bobby said. He was tall, with dangerous dark features.

"You are making me want things I shouldn't."

"I'm sorry."

Amy lay back on the couch, slid out of her pajama bottoms and thong. She then reached up and pulled him to the couch on top of her. "Shit. I'm so wet."

"You're so sexy, lying underneath me," Bobby whispered in her ear.

"I crave your mouth all over me," Amy panted.

"It is. It's kissing every portion of your body. From your neck," Bobby's lips trailed down her shoulder, "tickling down to your breasts."

"Keep going," Amy urged.

"What's next?" Bobby asked.

Amy looked up at him, smiled, and then stripped off her tank top. She was slender, but her breasts voluptuous and bell-shaped. "Baby, I want you to play with my nipples. Bite them... pinch them."

Bobby took her erect nipples in his mouth, sucking them between his tensed lips.

Amy moaned. "Make me squirm under you. The thought of you getting hard is getting me wet. Shit... so wet. I want to feel your fingers probing between my thighs."

Bobby leaned-in with his hips, his eyes never straying from Amy. "Do you feel it, my cock tickling the outside of your lips?"

"Mmm hmm," Amy gasped. She felt the tip enter her slowly, making her quiver in delight.

"How good does it feel?"

Amy blinked incessantly, feeling the warmth fall over her. "Like heaven. I want you to tease me. I want to feel every inch of you, slowly."

"Tell me how bad you want it."

Amy squeezed him close, wrapping her long, slender legs around his waist. "Fucking bad! Drive in deep, please. I want to feel it tearing through my walls."

"You're so wet."

"You have no idea," Amy moaned.

Bobby: Alright, I guess it's time to call it a night, right?

The text was like iced water thrown on the steamy couch. Amy bolted up, the vision of Bobby disappearing.

Me: Wow, that's how you leave me? Okay.

Bobby: No. I couldn't leave ya like that. Just checking. You're the one that has to work.

Me: You screwed with my head real good. I'll remember that.

Bobby: Oh, no. Your legs are still wrapped around me and ankles locked.

Amy looked down the dark hallway for any peering eyes. The bedroom door was shut, her husband long asleep. She removed the last piece of clothing, her socks, and crawled under the blanket on the couch. With one hand rubbing the top of her clit, she began texting with the other.

Me: I'm listening. I want to feel your back sweating. I want to hear your growls.

Bobby appeared on top of her, thrusting while narrating his actions. "I'm fucking you hard. I hear your shaky breaths in my ear."

"Oh, God, yeah."

Bobby lifted her off the couch, and she held on for dear life. The smacks of flesh reverberated through the dim living area. Sweat trickled down his shoulder as pounded away.

"Baby... it fucking feels so good. I want you to go harder." Amy clung to him, her legs flailing in the air. She melted in his arms.

They fell back to the sofa, Bobby taking the top position. He brushed a dangling strand of hair behind her ear. He leaned-in, his cock tickling her vulva.

"Slide it up and down my slit," Amy breathlessly begged.

"You like that, don't u?" Bobby gripped his hard cock and shook it on the lips of her pussy.

"Fuck, I want to lick you," Amy moaned. "Yeah... I love it when you tease. I want just a taste of your dick in my mouth, to feel its warmth, its hardness between my lips."

Bobby eased up, standing to his feet, and Amy hurried to her knees. She took him in her mouth. "It feels good between your lips," Bobby growled.

While stroking it, Amy leaned back and peered up at him. "Slowly... drive it in. I want to devour you, mmmmm..."

"Just like that, baby." Bobby cupped the back of her head, guiding her rhythm.

"My pussy is throbbing," Amy moaned. She licked the underbelly of his cock. "I want to own your release inside me but lick me first."

"You're, so, oh, sexy." Bobby's words came out broken, unable to complete sentences. He dropped to his knees in front of the sofa and tossed her legs over his shoulders.

"I want your tongue flicking my clit, don't make me wait, please," Amy begged. She rested her head back, pinched her nipples.

"You taste so sweet."

"Oh, fuck! I want to cum. My clit is so swollen." Amy thrust her hips in his face as he reached up, massaging her breasts.

"Cum for me."

"You know what I like... pinch my nipples, baby." Amy combed her fingers through his raven-dark hair.

"They're so erect." Bobby pinched them while continuing to eat out.

"God, I feel tingles throughout my body." Amy wiggled her toes. "You have so much control over my body."

"Total control."

Amy tensed. "God this feels so good. Make me cum, baby. I want to cum on your tongue."

"Please."

Amy arched her back. She pursed her lips together, hoping to remain quiet. She grabbed a couch cushion and moaned into it. "I, just, uh, I just came... but I'm not done and neither are you."

"No, you're not." Bobby helped Amy to her feet. Moonlight spilled through the window, highlighting the naked couple.

"Tell me what you want," Amy said.

Bobby kissed her soft lips while holding the nape of her neck. "I want you riding me."

Amy smiled and pushed him back to the sofa. "Lay on your back."

"You are so gorgeous standing over me."

Amy climbed on top, placing her feet on his thighs for leverage.

"Just like that." Bobby closed his eyes, sighed as the warm coating swallowed his member.

"Your cock is so hard. Fuck, I could cum again." Amy drove down, taking him deep. "How do you want it? Fast, slow? I want you to watch as your dick slides in and out of me."

"I want it fast."

"You got it, baby." Amy planted her hands on his muscular chest, feeling the outline of his masculine physique.

A sideways grin showed on Bobby's face. He peered up at her, caressing her soft cheek. "Lean down, I want your nipples in my mouth."

Amy leaned forward. Her face scrunched as he played with her taut nipples. She ground faster.

"You're cumming, aren't you?"

"The, yes, uh, yesi..." Amy bucked and oozed all over his cock. "There, uh, we go, oh, oh. Baby... I'm so slick. I'm cumming."

"Oh yeah?"

"Drive from below, please. Hard... so hard."

Bobby thrust his hips up, sending ripples through her skin. Her large breasts violently jounced.

"Shit. I'm so weak, but I want more." Amy crashed into his chest, and he wrapped her tightly in his arms, hammering upward. "Take my ass in your hands."

Bobby squeezed her backside, the skin filling the spaces of his fingers.

"And drive me down hard on you. Fuck, yes!" The wife, and mother of two, had transformed into a wild woman. Amy animatedly bounced up and down on his pole.

Bobby held her close like a cocoon. "Fuck!"

"Oh god, I'm so wet. Feel how slick I am for you? This is what you do to me." Amy heatedly breathed, her face straining. "Make me cum again! Your dick feels so hard it hurts. I love it."

"Moan for me baby."

"I am... mmmm you know I am," Amy sputtered, her toes curling.

"You like that, baby girl."

"Yes, I like it when you call me that." Amy collapsed against his chest once more. She caught her breath as his hips slowed.

"God, I want you so bad."

"Tell me about it, my whole freaking body wants to explode."

"Likewise..."

Amy awoke from her sex trance as though waking from a long nap. Her hair was disheveled, body perspired. The blanket was strewn to the floor. She found herself naked, legs crossed under her on the couch. She quickly snatched the blanket up and covered herself once again. Bobby was gone, and all she was left with was wet fingers. She looked down at the computer.

Me: You just seriously fucked my head and my body.

Bobby: Haha that's a good thing

Me: Yeah, don't become my addiction

Bobby: I don't want to be an addiction... just a satisfaction

Me: So, what now? My day is gonna be fun now trying not to think of you.

Amy looked at the clock, realizing she had two more hours before getting up.

Bobby: At least you came, huh? lol

Me: And you've made me sin.

Bobby: Take me to church

Me: I could make love to you to that song... Take Me To Church.

Bobby: Then that's what I'll dream about while you're at work, lol

Amy smiled.

Me: If I make it work. Nighty night. Thank you.

Bobby: My pleasure...

Amy finally had the courage to close her laptop. She released a long sigh of relief and rubbed her face. She clothed herself back in her pajamas with tank top, and after drinking a glass of water, she proceeded to the dark bedroom. She eased onto the soft mattress next to her husband and pulled the covers over herself.

Through the open door, down the hall, Amy could still see the computer lying on the table.