 She was beautiful and, for tonight, she was mine. She was an antique telescope, a nine-inch refractor with her own powered dome, and a permanent equatorial mount, built and installed by Alvan Clark & sons. In case you don't know, nine inches is the diameter of the big lens; it's over nine feet long, and pivots on a tower that's almost eight feet tall. Depending on which way it's pointing you may need to crouch on the ground, or you may need to stand on the rolling platform with stairs that's three feet tall.

It was an amazing stroke of fortune that I had landed a job that gave me access to a telescope like this. I was hired to develop astronomical software. I'm not an astronomer, although I've always been interested -- but somehow I never got around to buying a telescope. On the roof is this beautiful hardly-used antique telescope, so "my" first telescope would be one that was once used by scientists to do real research. Nowadays the city was too bright for research, and even amateurs would generally prefer to take a smaller scope out where the sky is dark, because of the better views.

But for me, it was close to home so it was just too good to pass up. This would be my third time using the telescope, and I was just starting to get the hang of it. My first time had been great, with tremendous views of Saturn and Jupiter, but that was followed by a long, frustrating, and ultimately vain search for anything else in the sky of interest -- like trying to find a needle in a haystack by using a microscope. But the last time I had found three Messier objects (these are big dim fuzzy things, usually nebulae that you see in those beautiful pictures that look nothing like the real sky). I hadn't had a chance to come back for a while, but tonight I was going to take a good look at the Moon; Mars was due to rise around 11:00; and I was going to dry for some more Messier objects.

I couldn't ask for a better night. It had been a hot muggy day, but a high steady wind had come in and cooled the evening, giving me the clearest sky I'd probably see all year. I had opened the dome, and slewed it around to point towards the Moon; checked over the telescope, and prepared my charts. I switched to the red lighting so my eyes could adapt to darkness (although I planned to look at the Moon first before it set; it's so bright it doesn't really matter).

Just then there was a knock at the door. I opened the door to a woman. A beautiful woman. She was dressed very provocatively, wearing a short black mini that might be leather (hard to tell in the low light), and a red halter top. She was fairly short and thin, but curvy, and. she had short dark hair and a very cute smile, which she was flashing at me.

"Hi," she said.

I sincerely hoped my mouth wasn't open. If it was, I hoped I wasn't drooling. "Hi." How did I manage to make one single word sound dorky?

"Whatcha doin'?"

"I was just gonna look at the Moon, then Mars and maybe a few Messier objects." You fool, ask her if she wants to look! (I'm painfully stupid about flirting with women).

"Mind if I hang out and take a few peeks myself?"

Alas, women are always way ahead of me. "Sure." I couldn't believe that I was alone in the dark with this beautiful woman on such a beautiful night. Whoa, slow down. She's probably just an undergrad that had nothing to do and wants to see the telescope, and just hang out. Those other thoughts rushing thru my mind were just my own overactive imagination getting carried away. Those sorts of things never happen to me, and probably hardly anybody else. I calmed myself down and set about the task of getting the telescope lined up on the Moon.

"I'm Troy."

She smiled, "Linda."

"Pleased to meet you." Probably a little too pleased. "So what brings you up here?" I'm not a great conversationalist, and I now have to maintain a conversation and not make a fool out of myself with this enormous telescope that's still new to me. I dragged the platform under the eyepiece, because the Moon was already low in the sky, so the eyepiece would be about seven feet off of the floor.

"I was working on a paper, and got bogged down in the math, and thought I'd come up here for some fresh air." Her eyes didn't wander when she talked; she staring into me in a way that was very unnerving.

"You an undergrad or a grad student?" I put the moon filter into the lens, and mounted the lens. She continued to look at me, tilted her head and smirked a bit, and didn't say anything. "Okay then, maybe a post-Doc?"

She chewed her lip and smirked a bit more. "You're getting warmer."

You could say that again. "Alright, you're an astrophysicist, a staff researcher." Idiot. The more flattering approach would have been to start with physicist and work my way down to undergrad if need be. Well, she looked more amused than annoyed. I lined up with the Moon, and began focusing on a nice looking crater rim.

"Did you assume I wasn't just because I'm a woman?" She eyed me carefully.

The truth is I didn't think people dressed like that once they got into the real world, but I wasn't going to say that. "You don't look old enough to have a doctorate." I thought that was a good save.

"I have two actually." She moved closer to one of the red lights in the dome. She really was stunningly beautiful. Narrow shoulders, large breasts, a small waist and a flat belly, nice full hips, and the shapely legs of a woman that leads an active lifestyle. "Isn't telling me I'm young looking kind of an obvious save?"

Well, there's no point in trying to be suave, I was clearly out of my league (as usual). I might as well try the direct approach. "The truth is I wouldn't expect an astrophysicist to dress like that."

She jumped on that one: "Because most astrophysicists are men, right?" She wasn't annoyed, just teasing me.

"NO!, I wouldn't expect to see a male PhD. in hot shorts and a muscle shirt either!." I think I protested to quickly, her teasing was working. I had an excellent view of a crater near the Apollo 11 landing site, which I was tried hard to pay attention to. "So what's the paper about?" Changing the subject seemed like a good defense.

"I'm studying X-Ray emissions from NGC6543, the Cat's Eye Nebula." She gave me another one of those penetrating gazes and then looked away. "So do you like seeing guys in muscle shirts?"

"No, not really my thing." She was definitely flirting with me. Or maybe I was getting overexcited. CALM DOWN! "I've got a nice view here, want to come and take a look?"

She climbed the stairs to take a look. The platform was easily big enough for two people, but I had centered it under the eyepiece, so I had to awkwardly squeeze against the back rail to give her room. "So what's wrong with a girl wanting to look her best?" she asked. She bent over to look through the telescope, and just looked incredibly sexy. Her hip was rubbing against mine. My heart was pounding.

"As far as I'm concerned, you should always dress like that," I said with more bravado than I felt. "Is the Cat's Eye up in the sky right now? Maybe you could find it for us."

She turned to me and pouted (as you'd expect, very sexy), "I haven't used a 'scope since my undergrad days, now I spend all my time in front of a computer. I wouldn't have a clue how to find it." She gave me a wonderfully pathetic look with her big brown eyes (okay, it was actually too dark to tell the color) and said "Maybe you could find it for me?"

Oh god, what did I get myself into? I knew it was visible, because I remembered seeing it on my charts. "No problem." I hoped.

I squeezed past her to find her to look at the star charts. She didn't go out of her way to move out of my way, and she smiled up at me as I squeezed past. "Excuse me" she said, her eyes sparkling. My God! She wasn't just flirting, she was hitting on me! I calmed myself down again, reminding myself that some women are just friendlier than others, and I'd misread some signals in the past to embarrassing effect, so I'd just better cool it. Still, there's no doubt that she's flirting. Finally accepting the obvious helped me calm down a bit.

I got the charts and looked up the nebula. It's close to the celestial pole, so it's up year round from our latitude. Still, I doubted we'd be able to see it with the bright city sky. "You finding it okay?," she asked. I looked up at her. HOLY SHIT! She was still looking at the moon. The top of the platform was higher than it needed to be, so she was bent over. That mini was REALLY short! SHE WASN'T WEARING PANTIES!!!

Her ass was sticking out below her skirt, not just a little but a lot. And she had bent at the waist just like the porno models when they show their ass -- even though her upper body was bent only slightly, she had bent 90 degrees at the waist and arched her back. Her ass was right at eye level. Her lips were protruding prominently between her cheeks. My cock was hard.

Panic set in at this point.

O.K. She has to know she's got no panties on. She has to know her skirt is short. She knows the light is right behind her, and she knows that I'm right behind her. She's definitely coming on to me, right? No, I still couldn't commit. What if it just slipped her mind? No, that's ridiculous. But if she was showing me, and she knew she was showing me, then I had to say something. I should go for it But this was a complete stranger. Disease? Birth control? Oh Jesus, Troy, this is never going to happen to you again in your entire life. It's a miracle that it's happening now. And I was embarrassed to think that my face was buried in star charts and it took me all this time to notice. But...

The pause was getting pregnant and I had to say something.

"Sorry, I was suddenly distracted by a beautiful view of the moon." God that was lame.

"You know, it looks so close, it looks like you could just reach out and touch it." She wiggled her ass.

"That's just what I was thinking."

"Then why don't you?"

Oh My God! My heart was pounding. My heart was in my throat. My heart was pounding in my throat. Breathe. This wasn't really happening. This didn't really happen to real people. There was a rushing in my ears. Oh god, I was going to pass out! No, actually I wasn't the passing-out sort, but I was definitely a wreck at that moment. It's not that I don't know what to do with a woman, but things like this just don't happen! I felt like I was fifteen years old, all over again. Do something you idiot! She was right in front of me. I reached out, then stopped, and reached down and touched her ankle. I started gently stroking both her ankles, and up the backs of her calves. I tickled the backs of her knees and then began rubbing her thighs with the palms of my hands. My God, this was really happening!

"You're getting warmer."

"I hope I'm not the only one." Thank god, I didn't misread her (mind- numbingly obvious) signals. The panic disappeared, replaced with good old fashioned excitement, and more confidence than I really needed.

I moved my hands up to her ass and slid my hands around the sides of her hips, teasing her by not touching her ass. I pushed the mini up higher (yes, it was leather). I continued to rub around her ass, lightly scratching from her hips down to her thighs with my fingernails. She stuck her ass out farther and bent over onto the other rail of the platform. My hands hovered below her ass, and then in one quick motion I moved both of the up and rubbed the whole surface of her ass, gave both cheeks a nice firm squeeze, and kissed her right on the lips. I could feel my cock pulsing in my pants. I may have my confidence, but I was still overwhelmingly excited. I'd have to be careful about that. I just couldn't believe this was actually happening!

She was already wet, I could taste her. I massaged her ass while probing between her lips with my tongue. She moaned, and let her legs spread wide open. I kept it up for a minute or two, but even with her legs spread, I couldn't quite reach where we both wanted me to go. I turned around, arched backwards a bit and passed my head and shoulders between her legs. From here I could stand almost comfortably, just bent back a little, and my mouth was right where it needed to be. Her clit was very prominent, and I gave it a lick. I was reaching around her thighs and grabbing her ass, and I could feel her tense up. I went back to massaging her ass and giving her long slow licks up and down her vagina, and around but not on her clit. I was stroking the crack of her ass with my finger tips and kneading her cheeks, and licking, gradually getting faster. I gave her some soft, careful strokes around her clit, and she moaned. "Ohhh! Oh yeah!." She started to push herself into my mouth, so I increased my efforts. I moved my tongue to her clitoris again, and her breath became ragged. Her hips were pulsing spasmodically as I went faster and faster. Then I stopped and went back to the long slow licking on her vagina.

"Please don't stop. Go faster. I'm so close." I went back to her clit again, and I could feel her about to lose it again, so I slowed down and moved away from her clitoris. I teased her this way three or four more times, until finally I put my mouth over her clit and sucked in pulses over the clit and the whole top of the her lips. She screamed "OH YES!" and pumped her pussy up and down on top of my face. I made sure she got the most out of the orgasm, staying with her as she rode my face up and down. I slowed down and gave her soft licks while she shuddered with aftershocks. She was breathing heavily but more slowly. "That was incredible!," she said. I was still between her legs, looking up at her and kissing her crotch. She looked down at me and said "I really need your cock. Give it to me NOW!." I slid out from under her, and as I did, one of her legs gave out and she sat rather ungracefully on the platform at the top of the steps.

I walked around, sat on the steps below her, smiled up at her, put my face back between her legs and went to work again.

She gasped. "Don't you want a turn?" She was already panting again. "I want to suck your cock. I want your cum." But I could tell her heart wasn't really in it, she was enjoying what I was doing. This time there was no teasing, and in another five minutes she was coming again.

"Holy shit I've never felt so good before," she panted. She gazed at me while she tried to catch her breath. "But now it's your turn. Come sit up here next to me."

I obliged and she started stroking my hard cock through my jeans. I was pretty far gone. I mean, way over-stimulated. Like I said, things like this don't happen to me. I felt like I could come in an instant. She pulled open my jeans and lifted my hips so she could pull them off. My cock was already sticking out of my briefs and her mouth went to work right away. She started licking and sucking on the underside of the cock, and kissing it. "God what a delicious cock. I want this cock between my legs" She pulled out a condom from the waist-band and set it on the platform. At least I didn't have to worry about that.

But I was worried about something else and I knew I'd better give her fair warning. I didn't want to disappoint her. "I'm really close, but I'm so turned on I'm sure I can give you a play in two acts."

She looked at me for a second, processing what I said, and then smiled. "You're not leaving here until you make good on that." The psychology of sex is funny, but the brief exchange took the pressure off and my feeling of imminent orgasm lessened. She slid down to the steps below me and started pumping her mouth up and down my cock. She deep throated me several times, and she kept her tongue in action full time. This was a woman who knew her way around a cock. "Ohhh yeah," I moaned as she pumped her head up and down faster. I leaned back and looked at the sky through the open dome while the pressure mounted. She stopped pumping her head up and down and started just sucking on the head and rubbing her tongue over the it. I couldn't stand any more. I was squirming back and forth and panting. She gave one more full stroke with her mouth, and I pumped her mouth full of my cum. I was happy that I hadn't come instantly but that was still pretty quick.

"O.K. You promised, I want you in me NOW!."

I was staying fairly hard, as I had hoped, but I knew I'd need a short break. "Huh-uh, my guy needs a rest, you're going to have to endure one more tongue-lashing."

She stared at me with a look of amazement. Maybe she'd never had a guy treat her right before. "If you insist," she said, feigning disappointment. "Just get your cock in my cunt as soon as I come again." I laid her down on the platform with her ass right on the edge and her feet hanging over, and jumped down from the platform. I got on my knees and licked her pussy. She was soaking wet, and I got right to the point, sucking on her clit and licking it at the same time. She came almost immediately, and I didn't slow down. I kept licking and she kept coming. "Oh my god I can't take it you have to stop please stop this is incredible no no no what are you doing DON'T STOP." Finally she squeezed her legs together and lay there panting. After that my cock was fully hard again. I wiped my spit-covered cock with my underwear, opened the condom, and unrolled it down my shaft. The platform was a bit high, so I slid her legs over so she was sort of down one step, and I slid inside of her. She was tight but she was so wet and relaxed that I went right in. She was so ready that I started banging her hard and fast right away. She was fondling her nipples under her halter. I kept going for a good long time, and I was nowhere close to orgasm. She moaned, and thrashed more or less non-stop. I don't know if she came again there but she was clearly having a good time.

She lifted her head up and panted, "Can I drive?"

"Absolutely." She came down the steps and had me lay down. She straddled me, facing me, and slid back onto my cock. I sat up and opened her halter, revealing a beautiful chest. I laid back down and she started lifting herself up and down on my cock. I reached up and fondled her nipple with one hand; I used my other thumb to stroke her clit while she fucked the hell out of me. As she got more excited she leaned forward and started grinding her clitoris right into my pubic bone. I now had both hands free for her nipples, and she slid herself up and down my body until she had a huge orgasm, arching her back up and screaming. She collapsed down onto my chest and lay there for a few minutes panting.

"You still haven't come again, have you?"

"No. You're not getting sore are you?"

"Don't worry about me. How do you like doggy style?"

I grinned wide. "Love it." She got on all fours with her ass facing me, and then dropped her shoulders down onto the ground. I mounted her quickly and started in at a relaxed pace (hey I was tired). I really did love this position, because I could see everything, and because I find it does great things to the underside of my cock. She was reaching under and rubbing herself off while I fucked her. I could feel the pressure of her fingers against my cock while they rubbed her clit, and that felt fabulous too. I felt the first hints in my loins that I could have another orgasm.

I started massaging her ass, alternately spreading her cheeks, and pushing them together. I could use my thumbs to play with her asshole, pulling it open and pushing it closed, without actually touching it.

"It's nice and clean" she volunteered.

I rubbed the surface with one thumb and she moaned with pleasure. I thought I'd see how far I could take this. I pushed a little with my thumb and her asshole gently opened under the pressure -- she was clearly very relaxed. She was also already somewhat lubricated from my spit and her own juice. but I spit onto her asshole just to make sure. I stopped with my thumb and I slid my middle finger easily in her asshole until the first knuckle. I wiggled it around and she moaned and said "More!." I slid it in further, all the while still fucking her. There's really not a lot of "stuff" between the two holes, because I could feel the movement of my cock with my middle finger. And vice versa. She kept moaning, and she was really rubbing herself now.
