 The first time he met her was at a party.

It had been a gruelling couple of months for Matt, with his final college exams taking a toll on him. Add to that the recent divorce of his parents and the discovery of his girlfriend's disloyalty to him, and it made quite an eventful time in his life. 

He had decided to try and start afresh, take it easy for a while until his exam results came and he could leave this crappy town forever. He had already decided that he wouldn't find himself missing this place.

Matt was a tall individual with broad shoulders and cropped, auburn hair. His deep brown eyes gave him a friendly, and sometimes lost look.

His friend Jake had convinced him to go to the leaver's party at Helen Jenkin's house. He hadn't wanted to go at first, but in the end he had decided it would be nice to just enjoy himself for a change. So now here he was, pulling up outside the large detached house on Mayton Avenue in Jake's battered old Ford, and wondering whether this truly had been a good idea after all. There were a number of people sitting or standing around the long front lawn of the house, people from his college and the tech college across town. Everyone seemed to have consumed a fair amount of alcohol already, and he could see some idiot stumbling around hugging people and receiving looks of distaste.

The throbbing bassline of the music from inside the house could be felt all the way out there, and Matt knew it wouldn't be long before the police turned up to put a damper on things.

"Looks like we got here at a prime time."

Chris, the other occupant of the car besides Matt and Jake, grinned at each of them in turn before opening the passenger door and climbing out. Jake laughed as the drunken wanderer outside tripped and fell flat on his face, to the amusement of everyone out on the lawn. 

"Let's go Matt," he said with a smile, pulling his seat forward as he got out so Matt could exit the small two-door car. Jake had been the only serious friend Matt could rely on during the last couple of months, and was the only person who came close to understanding what he was going through. Jake's own parents had divorced just over a year ago, and he had had a pretty rough time himself.

As Matt clambered up and out of the car, he completely forgot about how low the roof was, and was savagely reminded as his head smashed into the top of the doorframe, causing him to slip and fall forward into a sprawled heap on the pavement.

Smooth, Matt he thought bitterly as he allowed himself to be helped up by Jake and Chris, the laughter around him adding to the humiliation.

Forcing a smile, Matt turned and bowed to his aspiring audience, before following Jake and Chris up the path towards the front door of the house.

"Man you're a character," Chris said with a laugh, patting Matt on the back.

"You know me," Matt muttered, "life of the party."

The three guys stepped through the door of the house, nodding and chatting to people on the way. Matt nodded to a few and exchanged a few greetings, but mainly kept quiet as he followed Jake through the door.

Helen Jenkin's house was a large, spacious building with a wide lobby which the three of them now stood in. Separate rooms led off from the lobby area, and the winding staircase set into the middle of the room led to the six bedrooms and other rooms upstairs.

Think I'll give those rooms a miss, Matt thought as sharp pangs of bitter memories with his ex-girlfriend threatened to overwhelm him. 

"Hey!"

Matt turned suddenly as a tall, slender, red-headed girl ran up to them and embraced Chris, hugging him tightly. Chris grinned and gave a sly wink to Matt as he watched him pull Helen Jenkins close to him.

"I'm so glad you could make it!" she exclaimed to Chris, smiling widely as she briefly acknowledged Jake. When her eyes focussed on Matt, her smile faltered a little, but she soon recovered from this and returned to her bright, cheerful self.

"Matt Brown, it's really great to see you!" she said as she broke Chris's embrace and moved over to him. 

"I haven't seen you in a while. Is everything going okay?"

Matt paused before answering, bitter memories surfacing again. He knew why she seemed a bit cautious around him. Everyone did it. They didn't think he was stable anymore. To them, he was the charity case, the guy who was down on his luck and needing everyone's support. Truth be told, he would have been much more happier if no-one cared, if they could just carry on as normal and forget that he had been through such a tough time. Maybe then he could learn to forget about it himself.

"I'm great Helen," Matt replied with a smile, reaching over and hugging her lightly, being careful not to smother her as Chris seemed intent on doing. He felt her hesitate for a moment, before she returned the gesture and gripped him tight, her lithe, athletic form pushing itself up against him.

He felt a stirring down below that had not occurred for a while, and quickly but politely moved away from Helen. He didn't want to embarrass himself anymore than he already had. The night had just begun.

"Well, I'm real glad you're finally getting over this, everyone's been real worried about you," she said.

"I'll be okay," he replied, giving her a small, reassuring nod. 

"Have you been in touch with Klara?" she asked, her face betraying a little concern over whether she should ask such a question.

"No, I haven't seen her since...you know," he said, his eyes moving to the floor absently.

"Oh, I see," she said nervously, "well I should probably tell you that..."

"Helen!"

The voice was reminiscent of a time Matt had dubbed long forgotten, a time where happiness had been glad to find him. It had once been the only sound he had lived for.

Now, it was the last thing he wanted to hear on the entire planet.

Klara Rayn was almost painfully beautiful, an unblemished jewel of a girl. She was medium height and petite, with a stunning face and jade green eyes, accentuated by her long dark hair. Her smile was dazzling, and even the way she moved just tore Matt apart as he watched the only girl he had ever loved walk past him without a glance.

And what a girl she looked tonight.

Klara wore a tight blue cropped top that caused her large breasts to swell under the constraints, and some tight black pants that made the curve of her buttocks look even greater. 

Matt realised he had his mouth almost gaping open from staring at her, and quickly righted himself before anyone could notice. Almost instantly after breaking his gaze on her, the pain returned, the horrible emptiness of loss he had been feeling for so long. 

Klara had been his girlfriend for nigh on two years, a personal record for them both, and Matt had never ever felt happier. His life had seemed complete, and there was nothing that could stop him during those times.

And then it had happened. 

Klara had cheated on him. She had supposed to have been meeting him on that day, and when she had not turned up he had started to become concerned. Upon visiting her house, he had found her with another guy, doing things that sickened him to even think about.

Clenching his fists, Matt turned and stormed off, walking down the hall and away from Klara and his friends. He didn't care where he went, as long as he was away from her haunting aura and painful appeal. He could feel the hot burning stares of Jake and Helen and the others on his back as he quickly departed, and he was relieved to turn the corner of the hallway he was striding down and hide himself from them.

He was still moving quickly when he rounded the corner, and Matt suddenly found himself colliding with a small figure and nearly falling over the top of it in his haste.

Without thinking, Matt caught the falling figure before it had the chance to hit the ground; the last thing he wanted was to hurt someone because of his own foolishness. It was then that he realised it was a girl he had collided with, almost a head shorter than he was and still dazed from the bulky Matt's impact.

"I'm-I'm real sorry," Matt stuttered, standing the girl on her feet again and checking her over to see if she was okay.

As he looked her up and down, he couldn't help but notice the fine figure she posed. She wore a tight miniskirt that left her tanned legs exposed, and a low-cut black top that Matt could see straight down from his height. The swell of her bosom caused his gaze to linger far longer than it should have, and he quickly looked elsewhere as he realised what he was doing.

"A-are you okay?"

Matt silently cursed himself and his annoying stuttering, willing himself to calm down and act naturally. 

The girl looked up and smiled edgily, nodding quickly.

"I'm-I'm fine," she said, "Sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going."

"No, no it was me," Matt said, shaking his head, "I was in a rush and wasn't thinking and-"

"It's okay," she replied, smiling more naturally now, "let's just say we're both to blame and leave it at that."

Matt smiled back and nodded, trying to maintain his gaze on her face and not the curve of her breasts. She had bright blue eyes set into a petite, heart-shaped face, with a small, cute nose and a set of full lips. A head of shoulder-length blonde hair capitalised her appealing looks.

For some reason, Matt could not take his eyes off her. Realistically, he should have said his apologies and then swept off to somewhere quiet to get his head together, but something about this particular girl kept him rooted to the spot.

"Are you okay?"

Matt blinked a couple of times before registering that she was talking to him.

"Nothing broken?" she asked with a grin.

He laughed and felt the tension drain away suddenly as if it hadn't been there to start with. The girl laughed too as they both stood in the small corridor, before extending her hand to him, a grin in place on her pretty face once more.

"I'm Laura," she said.

Matt looked down at her hand before taking it in his own.

"Matt," he said, a sheepish grin on his own face.

"Well Matt," Laura said as they released each other's hands, "what brings you to these secluded parts? Isn't the party back down there?"

Matt looked back towards where he had come from before shaking his head.

"I'm just going for a walk," he said, "to get some fresh air."

"Mind if I come with you?" she asked, much to Matt's surprise. To his even greater surprise, he nodded and gestured towards the other end of the corridor.

"Sure," he said, "what's that way then?"

Laura looked back towards the door behind her before answering.

"Not much, but I know where we can get some air without having to share it with anyone."

Matt suddenly found his throat going dry as she took his arm and gestured towards the door.

"Come on," she said with another one of her smiles as she led him away.

Matt couldn't help but feel aroused as he watched the sway of Laura's butt in the tight material of her miniskirt, but quickly dispelled any thoughts of fantasy with this angelic sweetheart. She was definitely out of his league, far too hot for someone like him. She even made Klara look like a second rate floozy, and that really was saying something.

They passed through the door at the end of the corridor and climbed a small flight of stairs in a hallway on the other side. As Laura passed around the bend of the steps towards the landing at the top, Matt caught a glimpse of her underwear beneath the skirt and felt his arousal peak. Regardless of what he had been telling himself, he couldn't help it. This girl was hot, and here she was taking him somewhere upstairs, alone, without knowing anything but his name. Surely it couldn't be just mere coincidence?

They passed through an open set of glass doors and through a pair of drapes onto the rear balcony of the house. From up here, Matt could see the rear garden below, almost an entire acre of land stretching out from the patio behind the house. Surprisingly, the garden was almost empty, with only a couple of students sitting on the right side of the patio, smoking and talking at a table in the corner.

Matt glanced over at Laura, who was looking up into the dusk sky, a mixture of deep red streaks and midnight blues. An awkward silence had fallen, and he desperately thought of something to say to her.

"Nice view," he remarked, motioning at the sky when she turned to look at him.

"Hmph," she scoffed, shaking her head slowly.

"These Mayton Avenue snobs have got it all haven't they?" she said.

"Yeah, the houses around here are big enough to cover my entire street," Matt said with a smile.

"I can't stand the snooty stuck-up people who live around here," she said. "I usually wouldn't be caught dead at a party held by Helen Jenkins."

"Helen's not so bad," Matt said, shrugging slightly.

"Hmm, not as bad," Laura replied, "but the cheerleader sluts she hangs with are just too much for me. They'll never get far in life, they rely on their daddies to bail them out of any predicaments they face."

"Ha, reminds me of Klara," Matt said quietly.

"What?" Laura asked.

"Oh, erm, I said it reminds me of Klara," Matt said, scratching his neck. "I used to, like, be with her and her dad would always do whatever she asked, regardless of how much money it would cost."

"Klara Rayn?" Laura asked, an incredulous look on her face. 

"Yeah," Matt replied, nodding.

"You were with Klara Rayn?"

"Well, don't sound so surprised," Matt said, a hurt look on his face. 

"Oh, no! I don't mean it like that," Laura said quickly, waving her arms for emphasis.

"It's just you seem like a really nice, friendly kind of guy, and she's, well, the ice queen of the county,"

Matt found himself laughing at this, and before he knew it, he couldn't stop. He began to laugh louder and harder, doubling up in hysterics. This was what he had needed for so long. Not someone to apologise for his pain, or try and understand his loss. He needed someone he could relate with, someone who accepted him for who he truly was.

"Hey, it's not that funny you know," Laura said with a confused grin of her own.

"No, it's not that," Matt said between coughing bouts, "it's just, it's just the fact that someone finally admitted it is all." He straightened up and leant on the balcony rail, looking out into the sky again as he calmed down.

"I've been having a hard time getting over her," he said. He briefly told her of the break up and Klara cheating on him. "I've found myself shutting people out and isolating myself to try and contain the pain. But it's just made it worse, and now, I think I've finally managed to let her go." He looked over at her silent form, amazed and a little frightened that he was telling her this freely.

"I don't know why, but this is the first time I've managed to tell anyone what I really feel. And I've known you all of like five minutes too."

Laura smiled and gave him a small hug.

"Maybe I'm your guardian angel eh?" she said with a laugh.

Matt nodded in agreement and joined her laughter, placing his own arms round her and enjoying the embrace. It fell quiet again momentarily.

"But seriously," he heard Laura say as she held her head against his chest, "that Klara does dress pretty damn slutty."

Matt simply dissolved into laughter again.

"I suppose I can't really talk," Laura said with a gesture to her own outfit, smiling.

"I don't think you look slutty at all," Matt said truthfully, admiring her figure once more.

"Thanks," she said, "but I only dressed this way to show my boyfriend what he's missing."

"Boyfriend?" Matt uttered the words as if they were poisonous.

"Well, ex boyfriend now," she said, much to Matt's relief. 

"What happened, if you don't mind me asking?" Matt asked her.

"He's found someone else apparently," she said, shrugging. "As if I care now. There are plenty of better guys out there."

"Yeah," Matt nodded as his gaze suddenly lingered to her swelling bosom once more.

Laura's grin suddenly turned to one of mischief as she stepped closer again and gazed up into Matt's eyes seductively.

"And you know what?" she purred as she placed her hands flat against his chest. 

"I think I've found one."

Before he could say anything, Laura's lips met his and they embraced in a long, hard kiss, wrapping their arms around each other and pulling each other closer. 

Matt couldn't believe it. This girl was possibly the hottest he had ever seen, and here he was, lips locked with hers, hands moving over her back as her sexy body moved against his. He felt resolved, absolute, complete. For the first time since he could remember, Klara vanished entirely from his thoughts, and with her the bitter memories that had plagued him these last two months.

Laura let out a small moan as her tongue darted forth and into Matt's mouth, probing across his own tongue before snaking back between her luscious lips. His pulse quickened and he felt the stirring in his crotch once more, but ten times stronger now. This intensified when he felt Laura's hand rubbing it, her hand grasping the outline of his hardening rod and moving up and down as she kissed him.

Oh man, this really can't be real! Matt found himself thinking, as his hands moved down to the curve of Laura's ass. She responded to this by moving behind with her free hand and pushing Matt's hand under the hem of her miniskirt, the bare flesh of her calves tingling beneath his touch.

Matt felt greater than he had ever known. He was finally out of this bumbling lost idiot stage that he had been transgressing since his break up from Klara, and back to his confident self. His large hand gently squeezed Laura's buttocks, feeling them through the thin cotton of her panties, before he slowly manipulated his hand around to the front of her underwear. She sensed his intentions and shifted forwards as his hand slipped into her panties, down past the thin shaven strip of her pubic hair, and his fingers began to rub her clitoris. 

Laura moaned in ecstasy and squeezed his cock tighter, rubbing her hand up and down the bulge in his pants. Matt felt her pussy open up to his probing fingers, and was surprised at how wet she was as his index finger slipped between the parting vaginal lips. 

Does she really want this as bad as I do? He thought to himself as he began to probe her pussy. He still held some uncertainty over himself, but then decided to let it drop.

Fuck it, he thought, this girl is amazing. 

He slipped another finger into her hole and felt her inhale sharply as their kiss broke momentarily, and they locked eyes as they both continued to feel each other's genitals. 

"Do you want to?" Laura whispered, a look of growing excitement on her face.

"Hell yes," Matt replied, leaning forward and kissing her again.

"Have you got any protection?" she asked as she stepped back from him, his fingers sliding out from her slick vagina passage. 

Matt felt despair as he realised he had nothing at all with him. He had stopped carrying condoms around with him when he had split with Klara.

"Er, no, I haven't," he said, a frown upon his face. "Shit."

"Don't worry, it's okay," she said. Her hand was still gripping his cock through his pants. 

"I'm on the pill, and my check up last month cleared me for any STD's," she explained.

Matt thought about this then nodded. He had passed his own STD check on the campus medical routine.

Laura licked her lips before crouching down on her knees, still rubbing at the bulge in Matt's blue jeans.

"Just relax and enjoy it," she whispered with a wink, as she quickly unclasped his belt and unzipped him, pulling his jeans down. Matt felt a little vulnerable standing out here on an open balcony with his dick out, but after a quick glance he realised no-one was paying the slightest attention from below, and he was sure that Laura had locked the door to the balcony after they had come out onto it.
