 Vee started off her morning like she would any other day she was off. 

At noon. 

She rolled out of bed and into the shower, spending an inordinate amount of time and the earth's water on washing off the grime of the night before. Even though she'd bathed every morning when she got home, sometimes it just wasn't enough. A particularly pervy encounter with a too-drunk bachelor party of 8 left her feeling drained and dirty. She was all too pleased to give James, her favorite bouncer, the non-verbal go ahead to escort the rowdy party out, but by the then the ass grabbing and the name calling was enough to entice her to use her flair for fire breathing for something other than crowd pleasing.

Vee lathered her tired body with vanilla goodness, letting the grime of her week swirl away down the drain at her red lacquered toes. She let herself writhe to the particularly sultry Portishead song echoing in her small bathroom. She was literally dancing for joy at her much needed time off. Seven days straight on account of her bartender best friend taking an impromptu dirty weekend with her new and improved boyfriend, and her brain was desperate for daylight.

"Tera owes me her first born..." Vee muttered as she wrung out her shoulder length black hair. She scrunched a gob of gel into her otherwise straight locks for the sake of texture and pulled on her favorite grey plaid mini. The kilt barely covered her ass but she felt her knee high Doc Martens were enough coverage for the breezeless autumn day. She grabbed her favorite blazer that she bought at a thrift store in the little boys section as an afterthought, to put on over the loose white tee she'd slept in the night before. Her wardrobe complete, she shoved a twenty into her blazer pocket and with that she was out the door, keys in hand.

The Café was only blocks away from her apartment, and her plan was just to pop in and grab a sandwich and an orange juice and be on her way to her friend Tera's house to welcome her back home and divulge the details of her horrendous work week and make her feel thoroughly evil for taking off on such short notice and for such an enviable cause.

At least that was the plan.

The Café was crowded, which was not unusual for a Thursday afternoon. Vee grabbed her OJ and sandwich, all was business as usual. That is until she got in line. 

