 “Oh my God!” I whispered, as I arched my hips into his very talented mouth. He hooked arms over my hips and pulled me closer. He nibbled, and licked at the very center of my womanhood sending pleasant shockwaves through my body. I was completely at his mercy. Never wanting the moment to end, but knowing that I was so close to the edge of bliss. He flashed me a wicked grin as he slid two fingers inside of me. I dug my heels into the bed and drove myself closer to his hand. As he opened his mouth to speak my name the most blood curdling noise cam screaming out of it, and I was very rudely thrust back into the waking world. 

“Fucking alarm clock! You always ruin my best dreams about him!” I screamed at the clock radio that sits on my nightstand next to my bed. I slammmed my hand down on it, and turned it off. I glanced at the time.

“Seven Forty Five. Damnit. I knew I should have turned that damn thing off before crawling into bed last night.” I whispered to myself. I had the day off, so there was no need for me to crawl out from beneath the warmth and security of my blankets. I sighed wistfully and threw the blankets over my head, when I heard muffled noises coming from the living room. 

“Chris must be awake.” A smile played upon my lips at just the thought of the dream I had about him. He is my dream lover. Taking me to heights I never imagined I could go as I slept totally alone in my queen size bed at night. I craved his touch, his mouth, his mind, and his body. Lets just say he's totally yummy! Although it was a little weird that he was up that early. The noises got a little louder, and something fell over. I began to wonder what the heck he was doing in there. I tossed the blankets off of me and hopped out of bed, deciding to join Chris in a cup of coffee before he had to head off to work. Of course I’d like to join him in bed before he heads off to work, but I’ll take what I can get. I tiptoed out of my room wearing nothing but a t-shirt and a pair of panties. We'd been roommates for 3 years now, we’ve pretty much seen all there is to see of each other. Well almost. He’s never seen me completely naked. I have seen him though, and trust me he is beautiful. There’s a sliding door that connects my room to the bathroom, and every once in a while he forgets to shut it while he’s showering. Not like I mind. I have spent many times laying naked in my bed masturbating while watching him shower through the clear glass doors of our shower. God how I wanted him to take notice of my wanton state as he stepped out of the shower, but he never did. Maybe he did. I don’t know. Wishful thinking I suppose. 

I quietly closed my bedroom door, and the scene that is displayed before my eyes nearly knocked me on my ass. This blonde bimbo I thought was my friend was straddling Chris on MY couch. She was fully clothed; with the exception of panties I’m sure. He, on the other hand, was completely naked. She threw her head back and moaned his name loudly. It didn’t take a fucking genius to figure out what the hell was going on. Her skirt was hiked up around her waist, and she was thumping up and down on his lap. She was close to an orgasm. I could tell by the way her body moved, and how deep her breaths were. How do I know this? Lets just say she and I have shared a bed on more than one occasion. And if you asked me she was quite greedy in the sack. I was so furious right then because she knew how I felt about Chris. She knew that I loved him more than life itself and yet she took it upon herself to seduce him. You know now that I think about it I don’t know why I was all that shocked. She did shit like this all the time. Stealing men out from under their girlfriend’s noses. Well I wasn’t Chris’ girlfriend. But a girl can hope right? Anyway back to them on the couch. 

“LISA! What the FUCK do you think you are doing? You fucking bitch! How could you do this to me?” I screamed as I jumped over the back of the couch and tackled her to the floor. I saw red. My fists connected with her face more times than I could count. She screamed and tried to fight me off, but I am bigger and stronger than she is. Chris sat there for a minute watching me pummel my friend, or should I say EX friend, before he snatched me off of her. I began to kick and swing my arms wildly to get him to drop me. Which he did. Right on my ass I might add. I was up in a flash. Like I was going to sit there and let that little bitch think he had just saved her ass, but Chris held his arm out and shoved me back down. I growled at him before I stood up to slap him across the face. 

“You are such a fucking slut! I can’t believe you did this. You guys fucking SUCK! I hate you!” I screamed at both of them, and ran off to my room crying. Chris was hot on my heels. I slammed the door in his face before he could say anything. He didn’t make an attempt to re-open my door so I thought he had gone back to comfort Lisa, but then I heard him going through the bathroom.

“OH shit! The sliding door!” I ran as fast as my legs would carry me to my vanity area and tried to get the door locked before he could come through it. I wasn’t fast enough because he started opening the door when I got to it. I slapped at his hands to keep him from getting it open any further. He's stronger than I was, but I'm smarter. I bit his fingers, and he quickly let go of the door. I slammed it shut and locked it. He began banging on it and asking me what he had done wrong. I told him to leave me the fuck alone and to go away. I walked over to my bed with tears in my eyes. I slumped down held a pillow over my head and I cried. I’m not talking a little sniffle here and there. I’m talking full on water works. I hated them. I hated her for sleeping with the man that I love, and I hated him for not realizing how crazy I was about him. Men can be so blind sometimes. I mean come on! I pulled out all the stops with him. Wore suggestive clothing, flirted shamelessly with him. I literally threw out every single womanly signal I could possibly think of to get this man to notice how bad I wanted him. Obviously Lisa had something I didn’t. That skanky whore!

So after about an hour of feeling sorry for myself I pulled on some clothes and grabbed my purse. I walked out of my bedroom and started down the hall to the front door. I saw Lisa sitting on the couch with her nose all red and swollen. She was crying like a little baby. Aww poor little tart. Chris was sitting in the recliner asking her if she was ok. She flinched when she saw me. I couldn’t even look at herin the eye. It made me sick to my stomach. I glared at him.

“Where are you going?” He asked. 

“To get a mocha. When I get back I want that fucking bitch out of my house!” I growled and pointing at Lisa. She whimpered and begged me to forgive her. Yeah, like THAT was going to happen.

“Save your tears for someone who gives a shit.” I snapped as I walked out the front door. I damn near tripped down the stairs because my eyes were filled with tears. I was so happy that I wasn’t wearing any make up or I would look like a raccoon right then. I walked down to the corner cafe and began to wonder how long their little fling had been going on under my nose. She had mentioned something about seeing a new guy, and how incredible he was in bed. But it was always like that with her. She was seeing a new guy every week. 

I walked into the cafe and looked over the counter at my friend Ray. 

“The usual Lau?” He asked with a sweet smile on his face. I loved it when he called me Lau. He knew perfectly well that my name was Laurie, but he preferred calling me Lau for some reason. I didn’t mind I thought it was cute. 

“Yes please.” I said while fighting back more tears. I think he sensed that something was wrong, but didn’t say anything. Ray was the sweetest guy you could ever meet in your life. Never pissy, or cruel to his customers. I remember his first day at the cafe. It seemed forever ago. I was one of his first customers. Of course he got my order wrong, but I still gave him a more than generous tip. He was nervous. Who could blame him? People just barking their orders at you. It had to be overwhelming for your first day. That was more than a year ago. Since then all he has to do is see me walk through the door and he starts ringing up my order. We’ve become very close since then. He always manages to take a break to sit and talk with me for a few minutes each time I’ve come into the coffee shop, which happens quite often since I am a serious coffee addict. 

“Love is a cruel mistress.” He whispered to me from across the counter before handing me a mocha. I managed a small smile, before I turned and started toward the outside seating area. I sat there for a while thinking that I should’ve listened to my mother. She warned me that nothing good would come of Chris and I living together. But I didn’t listen to her. I told her that I was big girl now and I can make these types of choices on my own now. I should’ve listened, but I was blinded by love. Some things we need to learn on our own I suppose. 

I sipped on my mocha for a good hour, while watching all these couples. Holding hands. Playing kissy face. It was enough to make your stomach turn. So happy, so in love. God I wanted to die. My heart was broken. I was in love with a man who didn’t love me. Love totally blows, and not in the good, fun way we all like. 

When my mocha was gone I snubbed out the last of my cigarette and decided that it was time to go home. I didn’t know what I was going to say. Or what I was going to do. Maybe he wouldn’t be there. I could hope that he wasn't there. Damnit! Of course he would be there. He had the day off too! I couldn’t believe I didn’t remember till just then. My heart sank. I would have to go home and face him. Maybe it would be for the best. Maybe I could finally come clean, and tell him why I just pummeled the shit out of my friend. I walked slowly down the street toward my apartment. His car was still there. God, I WAS going to have to face him. I pushed my key into the lock. I knew it wasn’t locked, but I wanted him to know that I was home. I opened the door slightly, and peeked inside. I could see him sitting on the couch. I had never been so scared in my entire life as I was at that moment in time. I walked in and closed the door behind me. I tried not to make eye contact with him as I walked down the hall to my room.


“Laurie, I think you need to come in here so we could talk.” He said in a very low tone. I stopped in my tracks and looked over at him.

“Um No. I don’t think I’m ready to talk to you right now.” I said and walked into my room closing the door behind me. ‘Whew’ I thought, but oh no I wasn’t going to get away that easy. He stormed into my room with the look on his face that would make angels cry. 

“What the hell was wrong with you this morning? Why did you feel the need to yell at me, and to beat the shit out of Lisa?” He said in a rather gruff voice. I couldn’t handle that he was angry with me. I started to cry straight away. 

“If you don’t know by now then I’m not going to tell you.” I said and turned away from him. He grabbed me by the arm and looked me right in the eyes. 

“I want to know what’s going on. And I want to know what’s going on RIGHT fucking now!” he said holding me by the arms. It hurt too. I suppose it wouldn’t have hurt as much if I weren’t trying to pull away from him.

“Fine you want to know what’s going on?” I screamed at him. Without thinking twice I stepped toward him, looked him right in the eye and kissed him. I am talking a toe curling, heart racing, and passionate kiss. When I pulled away from him he just looked at me with this shocked look on his face. 

“I love you. I’ve always loved you. THAT’S what is going on.” I said with a whisper. He didn’t say anything. He didn’t move. It didn’t even look like he was breathing. I was dying inside. I finally get the guts to tell him that I’m in love with him and he just stands there looking at me as if I had a booger in my nose or something. With speed I have never seen before in my life, he grabbed me around the waist and began kissing me hard on the mouth. I moaned at his rough touch. I could’ve come right then I swear to god. 

“Get on the bed now.” He whispered into my ear before he nibbled on it. Fuck I had been waiting for this for so long. He was so aggressive. I loved it. It made my nipples so hard, which he soon discovered as he slid his hand into my shirt and began roughly kneading at my left breast as he pushed me down onto my bed. 

“Oh God. YES!” I moaned loudly with my eyes half closed. I prayed to God that this wasn't another one of my dreams. 'Don’t let the fucking alarm clock go off right now.' I thought. But it didn’t! Hey someone up there likes me apparently. Go Me! 

Before I could protest he ripped my shirt right off of me. Yes, I said he RIPPED it off of me. 

“Don’t rip the bra off please. It’s my favorite.” I said with a slight giggle in my voice. He scooped his hand under the back of my neck and sat me up. His hand trailed softly down my back until it hit the hooks of my bra while he bit gently on my throat. Just like the pro I knew he was, he managed to undo my bra with one hand. Hell I couldn’t even do that. Can we say talented? He ever so slowly slid the straps down and off my arms. I was shaking uncontrollably and my cunt was on fire. I didn’t want to mess around with foreplay. I just wanted him to rip my sweat pants off and fuck me long and hard. But he had other ideas. He traced a line down my throat to my breasts with his tongue. I arched my back forcing my tits into his face. He grinned and sucked my right nipple into his mouth. I melted at the warmth of this tongue. His mouth played havoc on my hardened nub. I ran my fingers through his hair and pleaded with him not to stop. His left hand made it's way down my stomach and under the waistband of my sweats. He began teasing either side of my clit with this index and middle finger. 'YES! Right there. No! You're missing it entirely.' A voice screamed inside my head. Don't get me wrong it was fucking awsome, but he was intentionally missing that little bundle of nerves that begged to be touched. His fingers moved lower and were roughly thrust into my now soaking cunt. With the pad of his finger he eagerly searched out for that little spot that made me scream out God's name over and over again. 

"OHMYGOD! Right there. Fuck! I'm gonna cum. Don't stop please." I screamed at the top of my lungs. I swear I saw fireworks going off as my first orgasm washed over my body. My hands clenched the sheets and my heels dug into the mattress. He withdrew his fingers slowly from me as I began to calm down. The smile on his face was priceless. Or should I say mischievous? I don't know if it excited me or scared me to death. Maybe a little of both? 

"You look so beautiful right now. You have that post orgasm glow." He whispered as he shifted to lie on top of me. I am pretty sure I was blushing because I could feel the heat in my face. He hooked his arms under my shoulders and brought his lips to mine. His kiss was soft and loving. Not like the first one. This one made my heart pound, and made me breath faster. He kissed the side of my neck, and ever so slowly worked his way down my body. He blew a raspberry on my tummy causing me to laugh loudly and swipe playfully at him. He kissed the top of my left thigh, down over the knee to my shin before he had to stop and pull my sweats the rest of the way off. He nestled himself between my feet before nibbling softly on my right ankle. With the flat of his tongue he licked his way up my leg, stopping every so often to nibble and kiss. When he reached my pussy he spread it's outer lips apart and blew very softly. Girls if you man has never done this to you MAKE them! I came so hard, and all he did was blow. He is evil! Evil I tell you!

"Where's your dildo?" He asked with a smirk on his face.

"Oh it's in the dra.. Wait a second how did you know I have a dildo?" Whoa. I hadn't been expecting that at all, plus my thoughts were a little fuzzy after comeing that hard. 

"I've seen you using it while you've watched me shower. Thought I didn't notice huh? Well you were wrong. I've jerked off so many times knowing that you were watching me shower. Now which drawer?" I was so baffled that all I could do was point to the nightstand on the left side of my bed. 

"Hmm very interesting. Looks very familar. I wonder why that is." He said while he was inspecting my favorite toy. Well DUH! I went to the Adult toy store looking for one that looked like his cock. If I wasn't going to have the real thing I might as well settle for something similar, right? He came back to the my bed and stretched out on his side next to me. I ached for him to kiss me again, which he did. He planted feathery kisses on my lips, and face. He had been distracting me long enough to inch my dildo slowly into me. My breath caught in my throat as he slowly moved it in and out. Heaven. Heaven I tell you! I could feel his eyes watching me while he worked me up to another orgasm. His tongue played long slow circles on my left nipple before he captured it between his teeth. The slight twinge of pain nearly set me off again, but I held it back. I wanted it to last as long as possible. 

"This is boring" He grunted as he pulled the dildo from my cunt. Damnit! He cut me off when I was on my way to a really good 'O'. 

"Get on your knees now!" He snapped at me. I didn't even question him, I just rolled to my stomach and lifted my ass into the air. Without warning he slapped my ass. My eyes snapped open as I let out a little yelp. He was just shocking the hell out of me. He knew I had a dildo and he knew that I loved having my ass slapped. Had he been reading my journal or something? A playful smile tugged at the corners of my mouth.

"Mm that stung. Do it again." And he did. As the second one landed I came. Nothing big, just a soft, quiet one that made me weak in the knees. He slid behind me and made small circles on the small of my back with his tongue. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end. 

"Is this what you want?" He asked as he teased my cunt with the head of his cock. 

"You know I do. God, don't make me beg for you to fuck me. Just do it. Please." I whined at him. I figured if I sounded pitiful enough he'd finally get to the point that I've been aching for this whole time. And there it is, the head of his cock against my hungry pussy. He rocks into me. He grabbed a handful of my hair, pulled back hard, and began slam fucking me. He'd slip all the way out and then drive it all the way in. Our bodies connected with a very loud slap. I had fantasized about him and played with myself thinking about him, but the reality of his cock in my pussy, filling me up, was better. Much better. We found each others rythym and I began to moan and plead with him. 

"Yesssss! Fuck me Chris. OhgodohgodohGod. Don't stop." 

He was moaning uncontrolably now too. He reached down and began to finger my clit. That was it. I held my breath, and had the most incredible orgasm I have ever had! Not wanting to leave my man hanging, I lifted myself so I was on my hands and knees. I began to fuck him harder, driving myself back into him. 

"Come for me Chris." I said over my shoulder at him. He didn't need to be told twice. He grabbed my hips and drove himself into me, once, twice, three times more. I can felt his cock jerk as he came deep inside of me. Completely breathless we fell to our sides with his cock still inside of me. As it shrunk and slipped from my body I felt his come dripping out of me, but I was far too tired to care at all. With his arm tucked tightly around me I fell asleep. When I woke up sometime later I could hear him snoring behind me. An evil little grin spread across my lips as I turned over to kiss and nibble his neck. But I think I'll leave that for another story. *wink*