 After many months, the time has come... I get to behold you with my own eyes... to take you in and hold you close... to feel your body against mine...

We've planned this night over and over... both of us dieing to reach this point... now we've reached the point of no return...

I arrive at the hotel that we've set up and pick my key up from the desk... I hope I'm here first so that I can freshen up for you... be at my best... they tell me that you haven't arrived yet... good... 

After I get into the room, I call your cell phone to see how far out you are... you tell me there is about an hour before your arrival... I tell you I'm about the same... that gives me time to shower and fix everything just right...

I unpack my suitcase and set out the candles that I brought... I light them and turn off the lights letting the warm glow bathe the room... I lay out the outfit I brought to greet you in and start a bath running, filling the tub with a wonderful bubble bath with ginger lily scent... leaving the bathroom door open so the smell wafts into the room also...

Before I undress and get into the tub... I call room service and ask that they come light the fireplace... I anxiously await their arrival so that I can get started... as the gentleman enters the room to light the fireplace, he notices the candles and the outfit on the arm of the chair... he just smiles, lights the fire and with a generous tip, he scoots off down the hall... I light a few candles in the bathroom and start to get ready...

I slowly undress, looking at myself in the mirror...hoping you will be pleased... loving every curve... anxious to make me yours... I climb into the tub and slowly start splashing the warm water upon my skin... seeing it glisten with the light of the candles...

I take time to make sure all the curves and secret parts are fresh and ready for you... I'm so nervous about this... but my body starts to ache as I think of you... wanting you... I climb from the tub and wrap a warm towel around me... glancing in the mirror... still the unsure little girl inside... I just want to please you...

I sit at the vanity and brush my hair out... slowly making sure it's in place... laying softly on my shoulders... I put on my make up -- lightly -- I know you like it that way... I lay the towel aside and slowly put on the outfit I brought for you to see...

As I slip the dress over my head, it flows down my body like a soft summer rain... the soft white material moving across every inch of my body the way I want your hands to... the dress fits perfect... hugging my breasts like your hands holding them tight... snug to my waist as your arm will be when you pull me close... the skirt flowing around my legs... soft and sheer fabric so you see my tan legs through it... the slit in the side up to my hip so that my leg is exposed with every step... I pull on a pair of lace thongs... white just like the dress... the material feels exquisite against my skin... I step into a pair of red heels... fasten the straps around the ankles and put on the finishing touches... a splash of perfume, a dab of lip gloss and I call room service one last time....

I order us a bottle of champagne... as the bottle arrives I am cautious not to be seen too much... this is for your eyes only... for your enjoyment and pleasure... After the delivery, I notice that it's close to time for you to arrive... I call down to the desk and ask them to let me know when you get here... I want to be ready...

When the phone rings... I know you are in the elevator, coming to me as you have so many times in my dreams... I hear your key in the door... I pour you a glass of champagne, sit down in the chair with your glass in my hand and cross my legs over the arm of the chair...

My heart pounds as you turn the door knob, and slowly opening the door... I can feel the excitement growing in me... I can't breath... it's hard to swallow... my body aching more every minute that goes by...

You stand there with the door open... I can see the passion in your eyes... feel the heat rising... I rise from the chair and move towards you... I take your hand in mine and shut the door, lead you to the chair and sit you down... I hand you your glass, knowing you probably need it by now...

I take your hand in mine... I put your hand on my hip and I softly sit down in your lap... our eyes meet... the flicker of the fire dancing in the room... but the sparks in our eyes are brighter... after a minute of just taking in each other, I lean in and softly kiss you on the lips... your arm wraps around me, pulling me closer...

You pull me into one of the most magnificent kisses I've ever felt... all the passion and desire flowing from you into me... I can feel my body tingle and start to shake as you continue to kiss me making me cum so hard... I melt into your arms... your kisses down my neck... across my collarbone... and across my shoulder... 

As I sit sideways in your lap I can feel your hand run up the outside of my waist, turning me towards you... my heaving breasts against your chest... each of us feeling the other's heart beat... looking into your eyes... melting with your touch...you wrap your arms around my waist lifting me from your lap as you stand... now I'm looking up at you...

I take my hands and pull your face to mine... kissing you again... our tongues dancing like the flames of the fire... feeling the fire inside burning hotter and hotter... I slowly start to unbutton your shirt... easing it from your shoulders and down your arms to the floor... my hands start at your neck... feeling my way down your strong shoulders, arms and taking your hands in mine, entwining our fingers, and wrapping your arms around me... you trapping my hands behind my back, holding me there as you lean and kiss me harder, more intense than before...

You softly bite my lower lip... sucking it softly... moving to my neck, sucking against my skin... your kisses moving down between my breasts... you can see how hard my nipples are through the soft material... because my hands are behind me, my breasts are pushed out to you, my cleavage fully exposed...

You use your teeth and tug the material to the side a little, exposing one of my hard nipples... my body weakening at feeling your breath on me... you draw my exposed nipple into your mouth... gently nibbling at first... you increase the pressure and suck on it like a hungry baby... I can feel my knees give as I cum for you again...you let my nipple fall from your mouth and softly blow on it making it even harder...

You stand again...releasing my hands... your hands in my hair... pulling me to your lips... kissing me again... my hands wrapped around you... needing to be closer, to feel you breath, your heart beat, your warmth... seeing the fire in your eyes... my body wants you more now than ever...

You take my hand, guiding me towards the bedroom... we stop at the side of the bed... you slowly run your hand up the slit in my dress... your hands gently touching me... following the curves of my leg to my hip...

You start to lift my dress over my head... the brush of the fabric across my skin along with the warmth of your hands... my body tingles...you drop the dress to the floor... I stand before you in nothing but the white thong... my breasts heavy with desire...

You hook a finger into the side of my panties and slowly move them down my legs, kissing my body as you move down... I step out of them for you... you ease me back onto the bed... laying me down so gently, passion burning in your eyes...

You lay beside me and kiss me again... your hand running across my shoulders and down my side... I see you looking at my body... taking in every moment of the exploration of your hand... taking your hand you run it up my inner thigh... feeling the heat growing as you come closer to the spot you have waited so long to find...

My body tenses as I want you to touch me there... wanting you to feel the passion I have for you... you look at me, smiling... our breathing becoming labored...you close your eyes for a moment as in disbelief... the time is finally here...

You lean in and take my hard nipple in your mouth again, your hand massaging my breast firmly, your hand moving down my stomach to the top of the little patch just above my pussy... you feel the heat coming from it... I part my legs for you, wanting you to touch me... feel me... 

Your fingers softly brush against the outer lips of my pussy, feeling the wetness... you look into my eyes as you take a finger and brush it across my swollen clit... the electricity in your touch sending me over the edge and I cum for you again...

You slowly insert one finger, moving it around slowly... deliberate... then pull it out and lick the juices from your finger... you smile... rise from the bed and place yourself between my legs... you pull me to the edge of the bed as you get on your knees...

I can feel your breath against my thighs as you kiss your way to explore my secret places... you breath deeply, taking in the scent... you use your fingers to spread me apart, exposing my inner folds... seeing the juices running from me down the crack of my ass...

You use the tip of your tongue to flick my clit, my back arching as I moan in delight... you then use your tongue and lick the flowing juices from my aching pussy... I hear you moan as you take it all in... your tongue starts bathing my pussy with licks, kisses and I can feel you push your tongue into my pussy... your finger playing with my clit... feeling it swell even more...

You push a finger into my pussy, getting it as wet as possible... using the juices that have ran down my crack along with the coating from my pussy, you take your finger and run it along my ass, and slowly push your finger against my hole... as your finger enters my ass, you use your tongue on my pussy again... flicking the clit, licking the lips of my pussy...

I take my hard nipples in my hand and massage them as your finger starts moving in and out of my ass just as your tongue is my pussy... you feel my body tense and I arch my back as another wave of orgasm racks my body... I scream out as I cum the hardest orgasm so far...

You ease your finger from my ass and climb back upon the bed with me... you lean in and kiss me, sharing the taste of my orgasm with me... my body aches for you... I place my hand on your chest and push against you, pushing you to your back... you wrap your fingers in my hair pulling me to you, kissing me more passionate that before...

I take my hand and start unfastening your pants as I slowly kiss my way across your chest and down your stomach... I ease your pants down your hips, thighs and then let them fall to the floor... Your cock hard, jumping with your heart beat...

I take your balls in my hand, gently tugging them, massaging them... I use the tip of my tongue to lick the glistening drops from the swollen head of your hard cock... I kiss the head and use my tongue to draw it slightly into my mouth... I release it, and then draw it into my mouth again, this time I take it all the way in, deep into the warmth of my throat... I moan softly as I slowly slide my mouth up, pausing at the head to run my tongue around it, teasing... 

I can feel your cock growing harder with each sweep of my tongue... I take you deep into my mouth again... I slowly start moving up and down on your cock... you tangle your hands in my hair, guiding my head up and down... you start to match the movements with your hips... slowly fucking my mouth... my hand still massaging your balls... I slip a finger around and start to massage your ass, gently pressure against the hole...

I feel you tense... you cock jumps with excitement... I ease you from my mouth and move to reach the bottle of massage oil from the bed stand... I place a few drops of the oil on my fingers and place the bottle back on the stand... there is excitement dancing in your eyes...

I take my oil covered finger and place it back on your ass... slowly rubbing the oil around the hole and then I gently start to insert my finger... I use my free hand to slowly stroke your cock for the moment... I start to slowly move my finger in and out of your ass... taking you back into my mouth and I start to fuck your extremely hard cock with my mouth once again, matching the strokes of my finger...

I can feel your excitement reaching a peak... I move my finger in and out faster and I suck on your cock with more intensity... your hips are moving with my strokes... I take you deep into my throat... you try to stop me before you fall over the edge but I won't let you...

I want to feel you cum in my mouth... swallow every drop of your hot cum... I look into your eyes and see that the time is now... I can feel your body tense as the orgasm starts... your ass gripping my finger... your cock twitching... then I feel the first spasm of your cock against my tongue... then you cock starts to pump your wonderful cum deep into my throat and all over my tongue... I continue to pump your cock with my mouth as you blow your load... swallowing every precious drop of it, sucking you dry...

As your orgasm subsides, your cock softens slightly and I ease my finger from your ass... I rise from the bed and walk to the bathroom and get a warm, wet rag... I return and wash the oil from your ass, lick the remaining drops of cum from the head of your cock and then wash the moisture from you...

I toss the rag back into the bathroom and get us both a glass of champagne... you drink yours quickly and take mine from my hand... sitting the glass on the stand... you pull me on top of you, my breasts brushing against your chest... my legs, one on each side of your waist... the wetness of my pussy on your stomach...

You pull me down to your mouth, kissing me, your hands roaming over my sides and hips... I can feel your cock against my ass... my body shivers as I think of how wonderful it's going to be when I get to feel you enter my pussy...

You take your hands and start massaging my breast... my nipples grow extremely hard from your touch... you take one in your mouth... you take the nipple between your teeth and gently tug it... using your tongue, you circle my nipple and then such it into your mouth, teasing it with your tongue over and over... you release it and focus on the other breast... teasing that nipple too... my nipples are so hard, aching... my body tingling at your touch... you can feel the heat and wetness of my pussy against your stomach...

As you suck my nipples, my body reacts and I start to move my hips, rubbing my pussy against you, the heat growing... I can feel your cock growing hard again, pressing against my ass... I squirm a little more so I can feel it rubbing against me...

You take your hands, place them on my hips and quickly push me onto my back... you remain between my legs... I can feel your cock brush against my thigh... You brush the hair from my face... kissing me... my breasts tightly against your chest... your weight holding me in place... you take a hand and run it up my outer thigh to my hip... along my waist...down my waist and back to my thigh... moving around to my inner thigh... you lean to the side a little making room for your hand to touch my pussy...

You rub my clit softly at first... the juices flowing from the swollen lips of my waiting pussy... you insert one finger and start moving it in and out while your thumb continues to rub my clit... I feel your breath on my breast... 

You insert another finger, then another... priming me for your cock... you start fucking me faster with your fingers, your thumb applying more pressure against my clit... you can feel the orgasm start... my pussy dripping wet... my body arching... pushing my pussy against your hand... your fingers covered... fucking me...

I gasp as the waves wash over me... my pussy gripping your fingers with each pulse of the orgasm... as the largest wave hits I scream out and my pussy gushes it's juices... squirting every where... covering your hand, my thigh... you have made me cum like I have never cum before...

As the waves subside some you ease your fingers from my now soaked pussy... you lick them clean... moaning as you savor the taste... I can feel your cock, now pressing firmly against my thigh... you lean and kiss me, positioning your cock against the lips of my pussy... 

You lean in and whisper to me telling me how bad you want me... I wrap my arms around your shoulders, pulling you to me... whispering to you how much I want to feel you inside me... you take your hand, place it behind my knee, pulling my leg up and around your waist... then you whisper to me that it's time... at last...

In one swift move, your cock plunges deep into my aching pussy... I draw a sharp breath as my pussy pulses again, squeezing your cock as I am rocked by a very intense orgasm... you don't move, feeling my pussy grabbing your cock and holding it deep... 

As the orgasm slows, you start moving in and out of me, pausing with just the head in and then pushing it deep in me again... over and over... I offer you my nipple and you take it into your mouth and suck on it firmly... your hips moving up and down, driving your cock in and out of me...

The sounds... the electricity... it's too much to take and I scream as I cum for you again... you don't stop moving this time... keeping the peak going longer... stronger... you slow a little and shift your weight... you rise up slipping of the edge of the bed and pull me with you... never loosing contact... moving my legs up onto your chest... 

You start driving your cock into me harder than before... my tits bouncing with each thrust... I can feel your cock deep in me... slowly fucking me so hard... sending my body into convulsions as my pussy grips you again... covering your with more hot juice... 

You stop, taking your cock out... I can see my juices dripping from your balls... your hard cock covered in the slick wetness... you turn me over and have me get on my knees... you slowly push the head of your cock into my pussy from behind... I try to push against you so I can have your whole cock in me but you stop me... slap my ass and tell me not to move...

You reach over to the bed stand and grab the oil that I used before... you drip a few drops on my ass... the head of your cock still paused in my pussy... you slowly push into me a little more as you use your finger to rub the oil on my ass... putting pressure against the hole... you push your finger into my hole and start to run it in and out, making sure the oil is covering every part...

You insert a second finger into my ass, stretching me open, getting me ready to take your cock... your cock moving slowly in and out of my pussy as your fingers move in and out of my ass... my ass tightens around your fingers as my pussy pulls at your cock and other orgasm rocks me...

Before the orgasm can subside, I feel you take your cock from my pussy and you flip me over onto my back and put a pillow under my ass... I can feel your cock between my checks and you press it against my ass... easing the head in... my body shaking with another orgasm as your cock slowly moves deeper into my ass... you move slow and deliberate... giving my body a chance to adjust to you... 

I take my fingers, run them through the juices of my soaked pussy and start to play with myself for you... seeing you watch as you start moving your cock in and out of my ass... the juices from my pussy dripping down onto your cock keeping it slick... I love seeing you enjoy the show... my fingers start circling my clit... 

You start fucking my ass harder and deeper as you watch me play with my clit... I insert a finger and start to match your pace... my clit swollen, my pussy aching... my ass full...
