 She arrived at the restaurant late. She knew she was late, but didn't want to look rushed. She took a deep breath to calm her nerves and walked confidently to the host.

"Reservation for Angel...I believe he is waiting for me."

The tuxedo clad host took a moment to admire the striking brunette, before remembering himself and clearing his throat, "Yes, Ma'am. Please follow me."

He led her through the maze of tables to a table in the back corner of the room. She saw him immediately, handsome and strong, sitting alone at the table taking a drink of the wine he had ordered earlier. Her breath caught in her throat. Her legs suddenly felt as if they were made of Jell-O. Even after all this time knowing him as a friend and coworker, she still couldn't get over her reaction to him. And now that they were about to have their first date, her body was betraying her with every step she took closer to him.

He turned to see her walking toward him, dressed in a modestly short skirt and silk blouse. Her long hair swept up on the sides to reveal the diamond earrings gracing her ears. He hoped he could stand without major embarrassment. He'd been controlling himself around her for years, never admitting there was an attraction...that he was just lonely. But now, with her coming toward him, he had to admit, it was her. She was the one doing this to him.

She walked up to the table as he stood and moved to hold her chair for her to sit down. She glanced nervously at him. He smiled that killer smile of his and her nerves faded away.

As she moved past him to sit down, he picked up on the faint smell of her floral perfume...jasmine.

As he leaned over her to whisper hello in her ear, she picked up on the smell of his cologne, a light musk mixed with the clean smell of his soap.

Both were nervous as the conversation came in spurts. The wine calmed both down and they settled into a comfortable, soft conversation, finding out more about each other. Things they wouldn't have picked up on in the office meetings or memo's going back and forth.

The dinner was served.

He couldn't keep his eyes off her lips as they took a small sip of wine.

She couldn't keep her eyes off his lips as they wrapped around a fork full of steak.

His steak became a lump in his throat when her tongue snuck out to lick a rogue drop of steak sauce from the corner of her mouth.

The sexual tension between them was sparking. Neither of them had ever had such a sexually charged meal without saying a word.

Once the dishes had been cleared away, he stood and came around to her chair. Offering her a hand, he said, "Would you care to dance?"

She took his hand and let him lead her to the dance floor, watching the way the fabric of his slacks moved against his legs. She had to close her eyes for a moment to regain her composure. "Stop behaving like a sex starved teenager, damn it, " she chided herself.

Once on the dance floor, he wrapped his arm around her and took her hand with the other. Their closeness was their undoing. His hand caressed the small of her back as they moved. He leaned in close to her to whisper, "You look sensational tonight" in her ear. His breath on her neck sent shivers down her spine. Her grip on his hand tightened, wanting to get him closer to her. She whispered, "Thank you. You look very handsome yourself," in his ear and smiled when she felt his grip tighten around her. When he pulled her tight against him, she could feel the affect she was having on him...hard against her thigh. She leaned back with a feline grin and one eyebrow raised. He seemed embarrassed for about a second, and then gave in to a similar grin saying, "I can't help it...this is what you do to me."

She leaned in closer, making sure to rub her thigh against his hardness, and with her lips against his ear, whispered, "You haven't seen what I can do to you yet." She smiled even wider when she heard his animal growl in her ear.

As the song ended he breathed a sigh of relief...any longer with her in his arms and he wouldn't be able to stop himself. Once back at the table, he took a huge gulp of his ice water, trying to cool his blood. She, in turn, was trying very hard to keep her hands and tongue off of him. She did however, move her chair closer to him so their legs were touching under the table.

She calmly reached down under the table and ran her fingernails up the length of his thigh until she found that hardness she had felt earlier. She was rewarded with a very sharp intake of breath from him and could see his teeth were clenched making his jaw hard. She let her hand rest between his thighs, her thumb tracing circles on the material stretched across his cock. She could feel the muscles in his leg tense.

"Is anything bothering you, Angel?" she asked with an innocent grin, "You look distressed."

The look he gave her almost scared her. The hard, animal passion in his eyes gave her pause. Maybe she didn't know what she was getting herself into...

"You are driving me crazy, sweetheart, " he whispered as she felt his hand on her thigh and he leaned in closer, "and if you don't stop, I will have you right here, right now, in the middle of this restaurant."

He motioned to the waiter and before she knew it, they were outside standing next to his car. He leaned in, putting a hand gently on either side of her face, his thumbs caressing her cheekbones. "Ah, sweetheart, I've wanted you for so long." His lips were on hers, moving slowly, asking acceptance and receiving acceptance as her lips parted and her tongue darted out to meet his.

After several sweet moments, their lips parted. She leaning into him, trying to keep her legs from buckling under her...he taking several deep breaths trying to control the fire her tongue started. 

He looked at his car and realized he had had one two many glasses of wine at dinner. He suggested they grab a cab and he'd pick up his car in the morning.

Once inside the cab, she settled into his side, feeling the heat wherever his body touched hers. He gave the driver his address and tightened his arm around her. She first felt his hand on her thigh, then she felt it sliding further up her leg. She shot a quick glance at the driver in the rear view mirror, unsure what he could see. Angel sensed her wariness and said, "Boy it's warm tonight, " as he took off his jacket and laid it across their laps. She looked at him with a question in her eyes, but the question was soon replaced with passion as his hand slid gently under her skirt and up her thigh-high stockings until his fingers touched the bare skin of her upper thigh. She shifted her weight a little, opening her legs slightly wider, giving him the answer he was looking for.

She put her head back and closed her eyes as his fingers slid further until he felt the wetness soaking through her panties. She moved her hips to push herself against his fingers as he gently rubbed. He checked to see if the driver was noticing any of this. Once satisfied that they were unnoticed, he glanced back at her to see her head back, turned toward him, biting her bottom lip to keep from crying out. Her eyes focused on him with the deep need and passion she felt. The reaction her look caused was so intense, he felt like he could explode any second.

His fingers found the edge of panties and slid underneath to feel the hot wetness he had created. He slid one finger between her lips and was amazed to find how ready she really was, already so hot and wet. His finger found her clit immediately and pushed gently on it causing a sharp intake of breath from her and her back arched. He kept applying gentle pressure, alternating with small, slow circles around her clit. He could feel her orgasm building, like a damn about to burst.

She grabbed his arm, digging her nails into him as she came closer to cumming. He kept the same slow, steady pace with his finger, bringing her to the edge, then slowing even more to delay the inevitable. He could feel her hips pumping her clit against his hand, could feel her throbbing. Just as she was about to explode around his fingers, he took her mouth in his, swallowing her cry of pleasure as she came.

When the cab pulled up to his door, he had to help her out of the car. Her legs weren't too steady yet. He gave her a quick glace, unsure if he had done the right thing, hoping she wouldn't be upset with him. The look she gave him assured him that not only was she not upset, but that she was planning on returning the favor...several times.

Once inside the door, and away from prying eyes, he forcefully pushed her up against the door, pinning her hands under his, letting all the passion and desire from the evening take over. She responded with the same fever, not even complaining when he ripped her blouse open, the delicate pearl buttons flying all over the floor. With her shirt open and pulled half down her arms, he pulled her breast free of the lace bra, not even taking time to unhook it, and attacked her nipple with his mouth, sucking and tasting the sweet taste of her. His mouth and lips pulling, biting, sucking on her nipple until it was hard and erect. Her hands holding his head, running her fingers through his hair, holding him against her breast.

He left her breast only long enough to free the other neglected breast and attack it as well. She reached down between them to find his hard cock, amazed at how hard it really was. She unzipped his pants and pulled his briefs down to release his cock. She wanted to feel his hot skin. She didn't get much of a chance...

Before she knew it, he pushed her skirt up to her waist and pushed his cock between her legs. She hooked one leg around his waist as he entered her hard and fast, pushing her hard against the door. His lips were on hers, hungrily tasting her as he thrust inside her with all the passion and heat he'd been controlling all night. She felt so tight and wet, pulling him in deeper. There was no making love this time...this was hot, animal passion taking over. He rode her hard, not even aware of the force he was pushing into her. Nor was she aware, meeting his every thrust, crying out when he withdrew, groaning every time he entered her again.

He exploded inside her with a force he had never experienced, the pleasure being drawn out by her muscles contracting around him as her orgasm met his. They collapsed against each other, panting and covered with sweat.

They managed to walk, albeit unsteadily, to the kitchen to get some water and let the waves of throbbing slow. She took off what was left of her clothes and jumped up on the counter top....

To be continued...?