 Nobody would ever believe what's been happening to me to me in the last few days. I hardly believe it myself. It's the kind of thing you only read about in porno magazines. But this is actually happening! To ME! How could I ever be so lucky?! The girl sitting across the table from me could be a supermodel and she's talking to ME!

It all started last week. I just bought myself a new leather and fur jacket. It's a really nice one. It's got black lambskin on the outside, it's lined with mink on the inside and it's reversible. The fur is super soft. The leather is like butter. It's as warm as you could ever want a jacket to be. It's masculine and stylish at the same time. It set me back quite a few clams but it's a beauty! Worth every penny!

I've been wearing it around town for a several days but with the fur on the inside. This is a very liberal town. There are a lot of anti-fur activists floating around. I didn't want to stir up trouble, at first, but I finally thought, "To hell with it! This is supposed to be a free country!" I flipped it around. I'd only been wearing it like that for a day when everything started.

I was walking down Tremont Street when three women, walking together, caught my eye. They were walking down the other side of the street in the opposite direction. One was a tall, blonde with long hair. She was wearing a mini skirt and a sweater. Even from across the street, I could tell she was a hottie! A mini skirt in this weather? Her legs must be freezing! I thought to myself, "I wouldn't mind keeping you warm, honey!" The second was a brunette. She was wearing a heavy parka. Her hair was shorter. Just above shoulder length. But I imagined she looked just as hot as the blonde girl, underneath those heavy winter clothes. The third girl -- If you could call her a girl. -- looked like a short, frumpy bull-dyke. She was wearing the whole get-up. She wore an army jacket and fatigues. She had all the requisite facial piercings. Her hair was cut short. She was a real poser! What was she doing, walking around with two good-looking chicks like those?

The three of them crossed the street in the middle of the block and caught up to me from behind. I heard one of them shout some lame-ass platitude. The bull-dyke tried to grab me by the arm. I turned around and took her by the right wrist. I spun her around backwards by the arm, pinned her wrist to the middle of her back and jacked her up against the wall. The blonde girl tried to come to her defense but I easily pushed her aside with my free hand. I heard something metallic hit the pavement. I looked down to see a can of red spray paint on the ground at my feet. I kicked it away. It rolled into the gutter.

The blonde girl stood there, dumbfounded. The brunette grabbed her by the sleeve.

"C'Mon! Let's get outta' here!"

They bolted down the street, out of sight in seconds flat. I turned my attention to the one I had pinned up against the wall.

"What the fuck do you think you're trying to pull?!"

She shouted some anti-fur garbage and called me a few choice names.

"I don't give a damn about you or your opinions! Stay the fuck away from me! You hear?!"

She struggled but she was no match for my 6-foot, 250 pound frame. I jacked her arm up a little higher just to make that point perfectly clear.

"Yes..." she said in a low voice.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, sir."

"I can't hear you!"

"Yes, SIR!"

"That's more like it!"

I kept the pressure on and twisted her wrist just a bit. I had to hand it to her. She was taking quite a bit of pain! She gritted her teeth but hardly let out a grunt.

"I'm going to give you a break, this time!" I paused for effect then continued. "If we EVER meet up again, I'll break your fuckin' arm! Got it?"

"Yes, sir!"

"If you see me coming the other way, you'd best cross to the other side of the street! Y'Hear?"

She nodded and grumbled a little bit. The pain was getting to her.

"If you try to pull anything like that again, all your friends will be calling you 'Lefty' for the rest of your life!

By that time, a crowd was beginning to gather. I knew the cops would be on their way any minute. I pulled her away from the wall turned her sideways and gave her a hard push. She tripped and fell to the pavement, landing on her hands and knees. I couldn't pass up the opportunity to kick her, right square in the ass! She went down like a ton of shit! I laughed.

"Get the fuck out of here!" I shouted.

She scrambled to her feet and started to make her getaway. She looked down and saw the spray can, lying up against the curb.

"Leave it!" I commanded.

The dyke ran off without even looking over her shoulder. I picked up the spray paint and threw it in the trash can.

"I need a beer..." I thought to myself. I turned the corner and headed down the street to "The Cornerstone", one of my favorite watering holes.

The place was practically empty. I bypassed my usual spot at the bar and found a table in a secluded corner. After that incident, I didn't need any more excitement! The waitress came over. I ordered a pint of my usual. She brought it over. I paid her in cash and gave her a nice tip on the spot. I sat there quietly, just nursing my beer.

I had almost finished my second drink when she walked in. It was the blond girl, wearing the mini skirt! She stood in the doorway, shaking off the cold and looking around the room. She saw me, walked right over and sat down across from me.

"What do you want?" I barked. "Are you still trying to make trouble with me?"

"I just came in to get out of the cold." she said. "I didn't know you were here. I just came over to apologize."

Her expression was sincere. I couldn't stay mad at a girl like that for very long.

"Apology accepted..."

I've always been a sucker for a pretty face.

"...Have a beer with me?"

She nodded.

I caught the waitress's attention and made the universal sign for "Two beers.", pointing to myself and at my new companion at the table. The drinks arrive in two minutes flat. Tipping has its benefits!

The waitress checked the girl's I.D. When she passed it back, I intercepted.

"Twenty two years old. She's legal." I joked as I handed the card back to her.

"So, what's up with you and that dyke bitch you were with?"

"You didn't hurt her. Did you?"

"No, I let her go. But, you'd better warn her to steer clear of me. I don't like to hit girls but, if she tries to start up with me again, she's going to get hurt!"

"Oh, Heather? She's always acting out. But, that was the first time she ever did anything like that. I didn't even know what she was up to, at first."

"The next time she pulls crap like that, could be her last!"

The expression on her face told me she didn't know what I was talking about. I took her hand and pulled it across the table towards me. I pressed it up against my ribs. She felt the bulge of my pistol in the inside pocket of my jacket. 

"Missy! You and your friends could have found yourselves in real trouble, out there!"

Her face went white. I thought my gun scared her, at first, but when she wiggled her fingers in my fur jacket, I knew what she was thinking.

"You like fur?"

"No! Fur is murder!"

"The lady doth protest too much, methinks!" She didn't get the reference.

"The bible says, 'Thou shall not kill.'"

"Has your dyke friend been teaching you scripture?!"

The girl nodded and tried to regurgitate some other lame, misused Bible quotes.

I pounced on her. "I'll see your Ten Commandments and raise you Genesis -- Chapter Nine -- Verse Three. "

She stopped dead in her tracks but I kept going.

"Ever read the Koran?" I paused. "Sura -- Chapter Sixteen -- Verse Five

Her expression showed frustration but I could tell she was trying to counter with something. I decided to cut her off at the knees.

"My scripture teacher comes from Harvard Divinity! She's forgotten more about the Bible that you have ever known! Don't try to play those bullshit games with me! I'll bury you!"

She realized she was beaten on the rhetorical front.

"So, what is is about fur that fascinates you?"

I held my arm out and let her feel my jacket.

"Have you ever felt real fur before?"

She shook her head.

"Well, you'll never know what it's all about until you've had real fur."

"What do you mean, 'had fur?"

"You know perfectly well what I mean."

I looked at her with a half smile that said it all. She was still running her fingers through my mink. I could see the gears turning inside her head. It took a minute but she finally got it. I knew I had her hooked!

"You mean..."

I nodded.

"...in fur?"

"Yup!"

The expression on her face was priceless. I began to reel her in.

"You have never had fur?" I inquired.

"No. Have you?"

I pretended to look at my watch. "It's getting late. I need to be getting home."

"Have YOU?" she insisted.

"Listen! You're half my age. We shouldn't even be having this conversation."

I stood up, downed the rest of my drink and headed for the door. She followed right along like a lost puppy. I walked several blocks just to see how long I could make her follow me. I never said one word. She tagged right along behind. I felt sorry for the poor girl, out in the cold without a winter coat.

I carefully slid my gun out of my jacket pocket and concealed it behind the waistband of my pants. I untucked my shirt and pulled it down to conceal the bulge.

"You cold?" I said.

"Freezing!"

I took off my fur coat and turned it leather side out. I put it on her and zipped her up in it. Her eyes got big like two saucers. It was at then I knew I was going to fuck her that night!

I hailed a cab and opened the door. I ushered her inside.

"Bristol Street... Cambridge" I ordered. The cabbie sped away.

I turned to her and asked, "Where you going?"

"Your place?" she asked with a sheepish grin.

"You want to know fur?"

She nodded enthusiastically.

"Well, OK! But I warn you! I take fur seriously... very seriously!"

She nodded again. I laid it on thick.

"If you come into my house, you play by my rules! Got it?"

The cab pulled up to my apartment. I opened the door and stepped out. I left the girl sitting inside for a moment while I paid the driver.

I looked at the driver and spotted him a twenty dollar tip. I looked back at the girl.

"This is your last chance! I can pay the driver to send you home... Anywhere you want to go, right now!"

She shook her head.

"If you come into my house, there's no going back! Do you still want to come?" The way I put the emphasis on that last word, "come", made her head spin. I just KNOW it!

I reached out. My hand and beckoned her out of the car. She hopped right out like a little bunny. I closed the car door and the driver took off. I took my catch upstairs and into my abode.

I sat her down at the kitchen table and poured her a glass of wine. It was the cheap stuff but she didn't seem to know the difference. Maybe she didn't know any better. Maybe she was too busy thinking about getting "furred". I didn't know. I didn't much care. I was too busy thinking up ways to fuck with her head. She sipped the wine while I hung up my coat and put my piece away.

"Here's the rules." I said. "If you agree to continue, you will be my fur slave. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good! You catch on quickly!"

"You do what I say, when I say and how I say it."

"Yes, Master."

"Do you agree to continue?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good!"

I took the half drunk glass of wine out of her hand. I pulled her by the sleeve and led her to my bedroom. I thought she was going to pee her pants when she saw my giant fox fur bedspread!

"Am I going to be..."

I cut her off. "If you are a good girl, maybe."

I ordered her to take her shoes off and stand in the middle of the room. She complied quickly.

"Put your hands on top of your head."

"Yes, Master."

Up to that day, I had never dominated a woman this way. All of my previous girlfriends were aware of my preference for fur before they slept with me for the first time. This girl was different. She seemed to like being my slave. I liked treating her like one. I kept up the charade.

I opened my dresser drawer and pulled out two fur mittens, made of soft, arctic fox. I put them on, held them up to her face and rubbed them against her cheek. She closed her eyes and turned her head toward the fur.

I ordered her to stand completely still and remain silent. I kneeled down in front of her and rubbed the fur up her left shin. Her body jolted as the fur made contact and she sighed out loud.

"Silence!"

I ran both fur covered hands up the front of her legs, stopping just below her mini skirt line. I could see her panties from my vantage point. There was a wet spot building already.

I took the fur around to the back of her legs and glided my hands down to her knees. Then I moved in for the first real attack! Right up the middle! I slid the fur slowly up her inner thighs. She giggled and shuffled her feet. Her whole body convulsed in ticklish response.

I stood up and lifted her sweater, revealing her belly. She knew I was going to attack her with the fur again. I could see her stomach muscles contracting with each anticipatory breath. When my fur touched her, she let out a scream like I have never heard! I was afraid the neighbors were going to call the police! I tickled her belly and her sides and her rib cage, ferociously, until she fell down to the floor.

I stood her up again and let her catch her breath.

"We have a problem, here."

"What is it, Master?"

"You have entirely too much clothing on! The more of you that's covered up, the less there is for me to rub fur on!"

I barely got all the words out of my mouth before her clothing was, literally, flying off her body! She was completely naked in a matter of seconds!

"Thank you, God!" I thought. I had never been with a woman so beautiful as her before that night! She was tall and slender. Her breasts were round and firm. Her tight stomach and muscular legs were enticing. But it was her tight, firm ass that really turned me on! I was about to fur fuck a goddess! I stood there, just thinking about all the ways I could prolong her torture! It took me a minute but I finally hatched a plan.

"Where's your purse?" I queried.

"By the corner of the bed."

I looked inside and found her lipstick. I opened it up and used it to draw two circles on the floor, about two feet away from the wall.

"Stand with your feet in the circles! Face the wall!"

"Yes, Master."

I drew two more circles on the wall in front of her, about head high. Remnants of those two circles will probably stain my walls. Aw, what the hell! I was going to repaint soon, anyway.

"Put your hands there!"

"Yes, Master."

I reached into my wardrobe closet and pulled out an old necktie. I stood behind her and blindfolded her with it. I could feel the fear overcoming her as I tied the knot.

"Don't worry. I won't hurt you. I promise"

I stood close behind her and ran my bare hands up and down her naked body. Her skin was soft and smooth. I cupped her breasts and fingered her nipples until they got hard. I savored the feeling as I glided down her stomach and around to her backside. I felt her round ass cheeks with both hands. I squeezed and massaged them for a moment. Then I smacked her with my bare hand. She recoiled at the sound of the slap against her bare skin.

"If you move your hands or feet from those circles, I will spank you again. But, next time, it will be much harder!"

I smacked her again on the other side.

"Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good! Now, stand there and get ready for your last normal orgasm! By the time I finish, you will never be able to cum again without fur!"

I was totally fucking with her mind but she seemed to be buying it.

My hands went down, slowly down, past her stomach toward her mound. I ran my fingers through her soft pussy hair. She wiggled her hips and giggled.

"That tickles!"

"Good!"

A moment later, my fingers were rubbing her tender pussy lips. I could feel the tension build in her whole body as my fingers slipped inside. She was warm and wet. I diddled my fingers around inside her for a minute then I slowly went after her clit.

She called out, "Ooh!" as my fingers made contact and began their slow circular assault. It didn't take long to get her to the threshold of pleasure. I decided to tease her for a few moments before letting her cum.

I looked down and saw her left foot rise up off the ground. SMACK! I let her have it across her ass with my bare hand.

"Ouch!"

"You took your foot out of the circle!" I reminded her.

"Sorry, Master."

I continued pleasuring her. One hand at her pussy. The other roamed her body and squeezed her soft tits. She was cumming, again, in no time. This time, I let her. Her screams were loud and satisfying. He body writhed with pleasure but her hands and feet stayed glued to their spots. I began to get the idea that she'd been somebody's slave, before.

I gave her a few minutes to rest before I asked her the question.

"Have you been somebody's slave before?"

"Yes, Master. Mistress Heather." she said.

"The dyke?"

"Yes, Master."

I thought quickly on my feet. "Well, your slave days are almost over. I've got one last task for you. When you're done with that, you're free to leave if you want to."

"Thank you, Master"

"Stand still while I get ready."

I patted her on the ass just to cop another feel.

"And, don't forget... Don't move or else!"

"Yes, Master."

I took a few seconds to take off my clothes. When I say "seconds", I mean "seconds"! It probably took me less time to get naked than she did!

I slid open the door to my fur closet. The door made a loud rumble as it rolled along its track. I could tell the girl was trying to figure out what I was doing. I pulled out about a half dozen of my furs of various types and tossed them on the bed.

"And, NOW!... You meet my FURS!

I picked up a nice, full length mink coat. I held it up like a bullfighter and positioned it behind her.

"First... Mink!"

I pulled the coat toward her, gently brushing her ass. She twitched when it made contact but she didn't say a word.

"Feel free to comment." I said.

"It's soft!"

I slid it up her back and draped it over her shoulders. She shuddered as the fur caressed her.

"Do you like it?"

"Yes!!"

I pulled her hands away from the wall and stood her up, straight. I wrapped the coat around the front of her and massaged her tits through the fur.

"Omygod! I'm going to cum, already!"

"Feel free!"

I held her close to me and rubbed her, all over, with the mink. It felt good to have her body pressed up against mine. My dick was rock hard. I pressed it into her ass as she writhed in my grip. I could literally see the orgasm rip through her! I was almost ready to cum, too! I had to back off, for fear of blowing my load too quickly and soiling my fur.

I tossed the mink back onto the bed and picked up a nice red fox. I put her hands back against the wall and began to repeat the exercise.

"This is a fox." I instructed.

I brushed her ass with it then enveloped her body, just as before. She came again, almost instantly! My God! This girl must be an orgasm machine! 

"Do you usually have this many orgasms?" I asked.

"No, your fur just does something to me!"

"You ain't seen nothin' yet!"

I took off her blindfold and turned her around to face the bed. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the light again. When she saw the pile of fur on the bed, her chin practically hit the floor!
