 It's taken some time but we are finally able to meet in person after months of planning. As I anxiously await your arrival at the hotel I think back to when we first met online. I have always found our conversations to be both exciting and torturous. It fills me with such exhilaration to talk with you, but I often find myself overcome with a need to reach through the screen and touch you. And now here I am. Nervous as a teenager with a knot in my stomach from anticipation when suddenly there is a knock.

With weak knees I make my way to the door and slowly open it. There you stand, in the flesh. After looking at your pictures for so long I can't help but to take you all in. Finally making contact with those engaging brown eyes. The 5 o'clock shadow on your slightly tanned face and your short brown hair with the modest dash of gray at the temples. And oh those lips and that square jaw just about make me salivate! How wonderful it is to see you and know what awaits us in the hours ahead. 

You step into the room as I close the door. When I turn to you I am quickly wrapped in your arms and our lips meet for the very first time. How I have dreamt about this moment and now it is happening. It feels as if we have known each other for years. All the conversations of past histories, family, jobs, and life in general have made us friends in addition to online lovers. My thoughts are interrupted by your voice. 

"I've been looking forward to this day for weeks now. I want you so much I can feel it in my entire body." 

"I feel the exact same way," I reply while running a fingertip over your jaw line. "The time has seemed to drag on endlessly." 

The aroma of you is so cool and clean it's almost intoxicating. When you lean in again to kiss me I can feel your prickly beard lightly scratch my face. Your mouth is so inviting. I gaze up into your eyes and find myself becoming overwhelmed with longing. 

With little time to spare we quickly make our way to the bed. Again I feel my nerves getting the better of me. You must sense it yourself because you take my face in your hands and softly kiss me. I feel your hands slowly exploring every curve of my body. Your touch feels so pleasant, so comforting and all at once I can feel my desire building. 

You move your lips away from mine and begin softly kissing my face moving down to give my ear a tender nibble. I wrap my arms around your neck and run my fingers through your hair. I can feel your hands on my back as you grab hold of the zipper on my dress and slowly pull it down. The coolness of the room touches my spine and a sudden chill comes over me. The butterflies in my stomach tickle and a smile crosses my lips. I coyly put my head down so you won't see the schoolgirl giddiness that is overtaking me. I stand perfectly still, eyes closed, waiting with eagerness for your next move. 

I feel your hands move up to my shoulders and pull the straps of my dress off. Slowly the material falls off my body landing in a soft pile around my feet. I step out of the dress and for just a moment I feel slightly embarrassed standing before you in my underwear. Why in the world did I go for this underwear? It's too conservative for this occasion. It's white silk with tiny yellow roses on it and a little white bow on the bra between the breasts with a similar bow on the panties just under my navel. 

I glance at you quickly and can see that you are pleased with my choice because you have a definite swell in your pants. A smile crosses my face as I reach up to undress you. I undo the buttons of your rugby shirt and lift it up your body pulling it over your head. I can see a light tan line around your neck and on your arms. I let my fingers play with the hair on your chest for just a moment. 

"Why are you going so slow?" you ask with slight impatience. 

"Because I'm going to make every second count." 

I move my hands up your chest and around your neck to give you a quick hug. Now they are moving down your body back over your chest and now your stomach. When I let my hands fall to your waist your feet shift with anticipation of what I am going to do next. I feel you shiver softly as I begin to undo first your belt, then the button, then the zipper of your pants. I bend down to remove them. I notice that your swell has gotten more prominent and I feel a flush of color tint my cheeks. The hotness in my face becomes more intense when I see the black silk boxers you are wearing. Now I look up at you to find you're blushing. 

"See! I do pay attention. I remembered how you told me once you thought these things are sexy." You fidget slightly before adding, "I kind of feel a little silly wearing them." 

I find myself moved by this gesture. "You never cease to amaze me," I tell you as my grin widens even further. "You are so sweet. It's such a big part of the reason I came here today. You have become so special to me that even if these few hours are the only moments we ever share I know I will treasure them always." And with this I can no longer hold back my passion so we quickly take off our shoes and get into bed. 

This is the moment about which I have always wondered. Would there be an awkwardness? But no, we fall into each others arms as if we have done this one hundred times before. Your body is so warm and there is a slight sheen of perspiration on your skin due to your state of arousal. You pull me close and I feel the firmness between your legs. Your kisses are hard and hurried. 

You undo the clasp to my bra and quickly take it off me. My nipples are already erect and very sensitive by the time you move your mouth down my body to worship my right breast. How soft and warm your lips are as they caress me. You gently nibble and kiss my breast before taking my nipple in your mouth. As you are making small circles with your tongue all around this delicate area I feel my head swim with pleasure. 

Your hands are moving down my sides and over my hips then between my legs to lightly skim my pussy over my panties. This sends a sudden jolt of excitement coursing through me as I am well aware of the wetness between my legs and know you will feel it for the first time yourself. I am able to recall being brought to this state of elation by you so many times with only one exception, you never laid a hand on me. At those times you used only words. I was always amazed that you seemed to know exactly what to type in order to make me close my eyes and try desperately to picture you beside me. My thoughts are interrupted when I feel you move your mouth over to give the same attention to my left breast as you did the right. Once again I find the sensation of your tongue on my nipple to be wonderful. 

I can now feel your lips moving down my body. I start to tremble with anticipation as you leisurely remove my panties. You gently hook a finger under the material on each hip. Inch by inch I feel the soft cotton grazing my now highly responsive skin and I am rendered powerless. It's as if every nerve in my body has been awakened and now is begging to be touched by you. I feel you remove my panties and toss them aside. 

At last I am lying naked before you. I am suddenly subjected to a certain vulnerability as your eyes float over my entire body. I almost think you can see through to my hearts desire. Softly you lean down to kiss my right hip then you run your tongue down to my thigh to give it a quick nip before you resume kissing and licking. You move your mouth back up to my hip and plant a trail of small, light kisses across my stomach before beginning the same torment on the other side. First the teasing of my hip, then my thigh when you know I long desperately to feel your mouth on my soaking pussy. 

Finally, I can feel your breath on me. It gives me goosebumps. You kiss me once and a gasp escapes me. I entwine my fingers in your hair as if for encouragement. I feel your tongue lightly lick my swollen, wet lips and I know in my heart that I will go mad if you don't stop teasing me. At last you gently part my lips and begin a slow and rhythmic licking and kissing of my now aching pussy. You feel so warm and wonderful I can hardly stand it. When you first touch my clit with your tongue my body feels electrified. I moan with pleasure. I softly run my fingers through your hair. 

"Oh my sweet baby. That feels so good." These are the only words I can gather at this time but it is all the coaxing you need to continue your loving assault. You alternate between licking with your tongue and using your mouth to suck gently on my throbbing clit. I can feel the moisture seeping out of me. 

The sensation of your 5 o'clock shadow brushing my thighs and pussy is driving me wild. I feel my orgasm building. I hear my heartbeat in my head as the blood courses throughout my body. You must know because you gently insert a finger into my now dripping sex. I am slipping away into a state of bliss. This is like everything I had imagined and more. My back begins to arch and I raise my arms over my head to grip the pillow from each side. I open my legs wider as I begin to move my hips in unison with your mouth. You insert another finger into my aching sex and my eyes roll back in my head. My breathing is so heavy I feel lightheaded. My body feels alive as you drive me to the edge of orgasm. Your tongue is flicking steadily on my clit as you quickly move your fingers in and out of my sex. 

The wave of climax starts washing over me. I press my thighs tight against your head. My hips begin to move faster and I feel myself pushing my sex closer to your face. I'm desperate at this point and I hear myself cry out, "Oh God please don't stop. I'm so close!" 

The fire you have started between my legs is now permeating my body. It envelopes me like I am being covered with a blanket of stimulation. "I'm cumming," I yell out. "Oh God it feels so amazing!" 

This single experience is truly mind blowing. I arch my back as I moan loudly. If only this moment could continue forever. My orgasm is so powerful that it drains me of all my energy. As I cum I feel your tongue lapping up my juices. It's almost like you are enjoying the nectar of your favorite fruit. My body wilts on the bed and I can sense a hum of sexual energy within me. I keep my eyes closed and enjoy this feeling of heaven. 

As I begin to come down from my high you resume gently kissing my now exhausted pussy before moving back up my body. I look into those sweet brown eyes as you wrap your arms around me. I feel so loved and safe within your embrace. You lean forward to kiss me. Our tongues dance in each others mouths and I can taste my own juices which builds my excitement yet again. You break our kiss to rest your head in the hollow of my neck. The feeling of your breathing is almost hypnotic as I tenderly stroke the nape of your neck. I lean my mouth close to your ear to give you a gentle kiss. There is a playful smile on my lips as I whisper softly, "Now it's my turn." 

You raise your head from my neck, look straight into my eyes and say, "I can't wait!"