 After months of corresponding on the internet they finally agreed to meet in person. Choosing a little coffee house in California that she was familiar with. She told him she would be wearing a white blouse with pale turquoise shorts. H told her he would be in black jeans and a black tank top. "Don't worry darlin'," he said. "I would know you anywhere."

She was nervous and hoped he wouldn't be disappointed with her when he saw her. He did say he adored a big beautiful woman. It was 10 minutes to 11, she was sitting there at the small table waiting for him to show up. She kept thinking he wouldn't show, that it was just a cruel joke on her. She was so busy being nervous that she didn't notice him as he sat down across from her. 

He reached out and lightly touched her hand...she jumped. He laughed softly and said "hi darlin', have you been waiting long?"

She smiled and said "oh!, you're really here."

"Of course I am, did you think I wouldn't come?" he said. 

"Well I was having doubts" she told him shyly. 

They formally introduced themselves and soon were chatting like lifelong friends. Their hands touching, smiling at each other, not wanting the time to end. "Would you care to go with me to get some lunch?", he asked. 

" I would love to," she said smiling. 

"You can ride with me in my car, and we can come back for yours after lunch." he said. As they both got into his car he asked her "Where do you want to go eat?' She told him of a place just a 30 minute drive away. He just had to kiss her. He leaned over and gently kissed her lips..."mmmmm, you have such soft, sweet lips Hun."

She smiled and told him, "mmmm, u do too, and I liked it very much." 

They talked about everything in the short drive...and soon the conversation turned naughty...both telling each other their fantasies. 

When they arrived at the restaurant and parked the car he again leaned over and kissed her. Softly at first , then letting it build in passion. She softly moaned as he whispered in her ear "I want you so bad."

She smiled and said "suddenly I'm not hungry for food and there's a motel right next door to here" 

He moved the car and went into the office and got them a room. Helping her out of the car he pressed her against it and kissed her again. His hand lightly brushing the side of her breast. She shivered as she felt his touch electrify her entire body and pressed herself closer to him. "You keep that up and we will get into trouble right here in the parking lot" he growled at her. 

Pulling her to his, side they walked to their room. As he unlocked the door she caressed his back. "Hurry baby, I can hardly wait to touch you all over" she whispered. 

No sooner were they in the room before they kissed again. Touching her, moaning. He turned and locked the door, looked her in the eyes and smiled. "I want to feed on your beautiful big breasts baby, please show them to me." She took her top of and he noticed her nipples were already hard and erect. He leaned down and licked one nipple and then sucked it into his mouth. Her legs were weak and she was trembling in anticipation. He slowly lowered her to the bed and lay on top of her while still sucking on her nipples...going from one to the other. She could feel him grow hard as she pulled his mouth harder onto her breast, writhing under him. 

He massaged her breasts and kneeled between her legs. Sitting up, he helped her remove her shorts. He sucked in his breath when he realized she wasn't wearing any panties and her smooth pussy just glistened in moistness. He touched her body all over. Seeing her lust, he got up and undressed for her. 

"Oh my god!, You are so sexy baby" she purred. 

He wanted her more and more with each passing moment. "I have to have you NOW," he moaned. 

She spread her legs wide as he slowly entered her velvet tunnel, savoring the wondrous feeling of tightness. He started moving in and out, building each thrust harder and harder, as he could feel her tighten around his cock, milking it. He kept going in deeper, building the passion, meeting each other's thrusts. She could feel his cock swell. "God," she thought, "I don't want this to ever end." As they reached their sexual crescendo, cumming together, both screaming passionately, simultaneously "oh God, I'm cumming"!!!!! 

They kissed passionately as they came down from their "high". snuggling together, smiling , he kissed her softly and said "There's plenty more where that came from baby.".

"I could do this all night, if you can" she giggled and kissed him.

He caressed her breasts and pulled her close. "I'm so glad you agreed to meet me baby, I've wanted you since I first saw your picture," he confessed. She smiled at him, and was more content than she'd ever been in her life. 

She whispered "me too" as she reached for his manhood. Gently wrapping her hand around it she asked him quietly, "may I?" 

He wrapped his hand around hers, guiding it up and down his shaft and said, "darlin', you can have anything you want".

She scooted down on the bed and licked him all over his shaft and balls till he was hard again. She then wrapped her lips around the tip and sucked him into her mouth. "I love the feeling of your hard cock in my mouth," she moaned.

He was surprised at how hot and wet her mouth felt. Moaning with pleasure he ran his hands through her soft blond hair. "Keep that up. and I will be cumming in your mouth darlin." 

She moaned on his cock and felt it throbbing. Sucking him in harder and deeper. Feeling the head hit the back of her throat. She could feel it expand even more, as he started pumping his rock hard shaft deeper and deeper. He couldn't hold back anymore and shot hot cum down her throat. He was in ecstasy, as she swallowed every drop and licked him clean. 

"Wow!, no woman has ever had me cum that quick or that hard." He pulled her up and kissed her deeply, tongues entwining. 

"I want you forever darlin" he said. "But right now I need food so that I can keep my energy up for you."

She looked him in the eye and smiled sweetly, "Promise?" 

"Oh hell yes " he replied. "Now lets go get cleaned up and go eat". 

They walked to the restaurant and in hand, and were seated in a booth. They both placed their order and touched and kissed while waiting for their food, snuggling each other close, careful not to get too carried away. Everyone could see how perfect they were for each other. After enjoying their meal they decided to get a few things from the little store nearby. Each picking something up for the other.

He got his key out and was trying to unlock the door when she hugged him from behind and caressed him thru his jeans. Opening the door he quickly turned and wrapped her in his arms. "I can't wait to have you again and again" he growled in her ear. 

"Then take me baby, I'm all yours!"