 She waited, wondering if he would come. Knowing he would. 

He drove, wondering if she would be there. Knowing she would. 

Entering the driveway. Knowing the other car was hers. 

She met him at the door. They looked at each other not knowing quite what to say; only knowing what they both wanted. They made small talk. 

She took his hand. He pulled her to him and they kissed deeply, undressed quickly, exploring each other's bodies. They made their way to the bed and fell upon it, ravenous for each other. He crouched above her, nipping and licking from her forehead, winding his way down. His hands found her breasts and tugged at the nipples, feeling them harden. 

She gasped and explored him with her fingers. Her light touch aroused him further, feeling his back, his muscular shoulders. Trailing down his taught stomach and tickling his hard cock. He shivered at her caress, as her fingers traveled back under his scrotum, teasing him. 

He moved down and dragged his teeth along her light and playful, careful not to hurt, exploring the limits of her pleasure; trying to give as much as he could. Sucking and pulling at her nipples, licking the underside of each breast. His hands were firm and strong--worn but not rough. He found her center, massaging with an open palm in slow circles, following the crevice down and inserting a finger slowly, letting her wet it first. He stroked up and down slowly, finding her clitoris with the pad of his thumb, and sliding two fingers into her. Opening his mouth wide and trying to take an entire breast in. 

She moved beneath him, using both hands to tease him now and getting a better look at his organ. He turned and could smell her arousal. They were opposite each other now and she took him into her mouth. He almost cried out at the wet heat. She fondled his balls and tickled him with her tongue, driving him crazy. 

He dove and licked at her, in long firm laps from her clit all the way down, savoring not only the taste and feel of her, but also the sounds she made and the way her body reacted to him. 

He threw a leg over and now they were joined, attacking each other. His hard member buried in her mouth, his hot tongue probing her depth. He put each arm around each of her legs and reached around, wetting a fingertip and teasing her other orifice. She squirmed and sucked him deeper. She was breathing deeply through her nostrils and it tickled him, causing him to buck slightly. 

He opened wide and covered her labia with his mouth, trying to take all of her in. Lapping with his tongue at her hard clit, feeling himself nearing the edge as she toyed with him. 

Her legs came up and wrapped around him. Knowing she was close he probed deeper, licked longer, slid his entire face up and down and was soon covered with her juices as she bucked and gasped under him. He couldn't get enough of the feel, taste, smell of her, and tried to bury his face within her as she came. 

She attacked him. Devoured his shaft, licked his balls and slid a finger tip just inside him. That was all it took as he began to buck and spasm, emptying himself into her, feeling his body surge. She took all of him, bringing him down slowly. He casually licked her once more, enjoying the lingering fluids. 

He untangled himself from her, turning around and kissing her. They spooned for a bit. They talked for a bit.

Soon he was hard again and he mounted her slowly. They stroked and moved with each other, this time with an ease that spoke volumes. The air was filled with the smell of their musk and their pace gradually quickened. Her body arched. He threw himself in deeply and held, anchoring them. She cried out and gripped him, while he grunted and spent himself within her depths. They clasped each other and seemed frozen in time, feeling the jolts and spasms. Slick with each others' juices and sweat. 

As if they'd known each other for years.