 He had waited over a year for this moment. Ever since he first laid eyes on her, he knew he must have her. It was a feeling that had stayed with him since their first hello. Now, It seemed his dreams would become reality at last! When he looked into her dark eyes, Joe could tell that Diane was just as eager and excited as he was. There was no mistaking the sparkle in her eyes for anything but what it was, her overwhelming joy in finally being with the man she so loved. 

He lost himself in her gaze, and was somewhat startled when she finally spoke. "I see you survived the flight," she said, teasing him about his fear of flying. He collected himself quickly and replied, "Yes, but it feels so good to be back on the ground" as he took her in his arms and hugged her tightly, enjoying the way her body felt pressed against his.

Her smile was as bright as the sparkle in her eyes. He loved this woman, and he could not wait to show her how much she meant to him. "What do you say we get some lunch and get re-acquainted honey?" he asked, noting the slight rumble in his stomach. It was a four-hour flight, and he had slept through lunch on the plane. "I'd love that" she replied, and off they went to a nearby restaurant. It was a cozy place. Soft lighting, and a fireplace near the corner table they were seated at. Each of them ate sparingly, still excited to be sitting across from their long awaited soul mate. After a small dinner, and a lot of overt flirting, Joe paid the bill, and they went to get him checked in at the hotel he was to stay at. Diane hung on his arm like a teenager with her first crush. Joe didn't mind one bit. He loved this woman, so beautiful and warm, her smile enough to stop a man in his tracks. 

After checking in at the hotel, Joe grabbed his suitcase, and they found the elevators. The first one available opened, and there were a few people on it, waiting for them to get on. They each took a quick glance at each other, and knew not to board. They wanted to be alone. The second one to come down had two people on it, but they got off, leaving the elevator empty. They hurried inside, and hoped nobody else would get on. Joe pressed the button that told the elevator to take them to the 23rd floor, and as soon as the doors closed, they were wrapped in each other's arms, kissing and groping each other as if they had anticipated this moment forever. They were both disappointed when the elevator reached its destination, but at the same time excited that they would soon be sprawled out with each other, wrapped in a loving embrace, and freeing themselves of the year long lust that had built up inside.

As soon as they stepped into the room, Joe dropped his suitcase and picked Diane up in his arms. He carried her over to the king sized bed and gently sat her on the edge. He knelt in front of her, and looked deeply into her eyes. Leaning forward, he gently brushed his lips against hers. Diane threw her arms over his shoulders and pulled him on top of her, kissing him deeply, with a passion that had been brewing in her since their first encounter over a year ago. Joe returned the kiss in kind, his tongue searching hers out and leading it in a long, slow dance of desire. His hands wandered along her long thin body, feeling every curve, every muscle, every twitch. He marveled at how sexy she was, how strong, yet frail this woman was. He wanted to give this woman everything she desired, and he knew that he was about to. 

He brushed her hair off of her shoulder, and slowly traced her earlobe with his tongue before whispering softly into her ear, "I have waited so long for this, for you, for us to be together. I want to make you feel alive, and loved. I want this to be the most wonderful night of your life." Joe's lips then began kissing down her neck, slowly making his way to her shoulder, where he sucked her warm flesh gently into his hungry mouth. Diane's slight moans encouraged him. He continued to kiss her neck softly as his hands unbuttoned her blouse, slowly revealing her small, pert breasts, her nipples hardened, showing her excitement to be with him.

He kissed his way to her breasts, gently squeezing each one as his lips pecked at her soft mounds. He flicked his tongue over one nipple. She shuddered at his touch. Her body shivering as he sucked her nipple into his mouth, and swirled his tongue around it. He sucked on that nipple long and hard, her moans letting him know that she loved what he was doing. He let one hand find its way to her shorts, and unbuttoned them, as he moved his lips to the other nipple and began to ravish it. Her back arched upward to offer her breast to his lips, his tongue flickering over the tip of her nipple, her moans getting deeper, throatier, as his touch aroused her more and more. 

Joe began to slowly kiss down her torso, stopping only to let his tongue explore her navel. Diane wriggled out of her shorts as his head neared her waist. She didn't want anything in his way when his lips finally got to where she knew they were going. She spread her legs open, and gently nudged the top of his head. Joe knew he was making her crazy with anticipation, and he enjoyed the power he felt it gave him. He passed over her pussy, and began kissing inside one of her thighs. He touched his lips to her skin softly, caressing her many times, as his hands passed over her muscular legs. He neared her moistening pussy and could tell she was ready for his lips, but he still had one more thigh to taste. He took one long, slow lick between her wet lips, then went to her other thigh and kissed his way back to her soaking wet slit. 

She gasped when he slid a finger inside her, and began stroking it along her walls. His tongue flickered over her clit, as he rubbed her in that spot, making her body quiver with delight. Joe slowly rubbed her g-spot as he sucked her lips into his mouth, Diane's approval evident in the low throaty moans she could not hold back. She draped her legs over his shoulders, and pulled him into her. He responded by sinking his tongue deep inside her, then sucking harder on her sweet tasting lips. Diane's hips started rocking as his tongue explored deep inside her, grinding her pussy against Joe's face, lost in the ecstasy of everything he had made her feel. She could not stand it anymore; she needed to feel his cock inside her. She wanted him, and she wanted him now!

"I need to feel you inside me baby", she moaned. It was what he wanted to hear. Joe kissed her sweet wet pussy one more time, and then positioned himself between her legs. He teased her lips with his swollen head before slowly pushing it inside her. Her groans telling him that she was indeed ready for what he was about to give her. He plowed his manhood deep into her and began to slowly stroke it in and out of her tight hole. She gasped for air at his first thrust, then slowly caught her breath and began matching his slow rhythm with her hips. His thrusts intensified as she urged him on. "Ohhhhh yessss baby, that feel's so good, mmmmmmmmm keep fucking me" she moaned in his ear. Joe's thrusts gradually intensified, as did Diane's guttural moans.

He could feel her walls gripping his cock as it pistoned in and out of her tight, wet, snatch. His manhood swelled inside her, as he pumped harder, and faster. She tossed her head from side to side as his cock plummeted deep into her. She let out a loud groan as she began to cum all over his hard member. He buried his cock deep inside her, and let his love flow into her. The release was intense, and he exploded inside her, feeling the pressure ease from within. She felt the waves of passion flow through her and was enraptured by it's intensity.

They lay in each other's arms, exhausted, but very much satisfied. She slowly ran a finger along his chest, and around a nipple as she lay next to him. He looked at her, smiling, knowing that they had just shared the most wonderful feelings. She smiled back, and then whispered softly, "Honey, you were wonderful, well worth waiting for. But please, don't make me wait another year to feel this way again, I want you to stay here, forever, in my arms." He smiled when he heard this, and then replied, "Well, you know how I hate flying, I bought a one-way ticket."