 © 2011 – SWFL_Wordslinger.

Introduction from the author:

Just a quick note: This story may look familiar to some, and it should. This was originally posted under an alternate screen name I created for the sole purpose of having one person read it, without reading my other works. That story has been deleted at my request, and I am re-posting it under my main account in a newly edited form. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. C...this one is still for you :) 



The back yard was a sea of blackness as Devin sat on the patio. A dog barked in the distance, but otherwise the neighborhood was silent. The steady beat of the rain on the aluminum roof helped calm his nerves and slow his racing heart. The only light was the dancing orange glow of a single candle on the patio table. He sipped his drink and stared off into the darkness, lost in thought.

Lynn stood on the inside of the house looking out onto the patio at the man she was falling in love with. He sat just a few feet away, separated from her by only a thin pane of glass. They had met online a few months ago; he a firefighter from out of state in a dead end relationship, searching for a way out; she a single mother struggling through a nasty divorce. They had clicked immediately, and over the following months their relationship had grown. What had started as innocent flirting, had quickly led to exchanges of naughty pictures, phone sex & on-line mischief, and from there to swapping of life stories and a deepening sense of connection felt by both. 

The night so far had been amazing. Devin had picked her up in his rental car at 6:00 pm. From there dinner, drinks, dancing and a romantic horse-drawn carriage ride had followed. Now they were back at her little house with her daughter safely tucked away at her grandparents' house, and it was her turn to surprise him.

She felt feverish, both hot and cold at the same time. Gone was the flowing, sexy-yet-modest dress she had worn out. In its place she wore a silk top, tied behind her neck and open to well below her cleavage, giving a spectacular view of her triple-D chest, and black lace panties trimmed in silk that were cut high showing most of her round bottom. Her nipples were hard little buds straining against the silky fabric of her top. She took two deep, cleansing breaths and then slid the door open and stepped into the night.

Devin tensed at the sound he had been waiting for: the door sliding back on its tracks. He turned and saw Lynn standing there, the candle light dancing in her eyes, and his breath caught in his throat. She stood about five foot one with a soft curvaceous body. Her pale skin, like fresh cream, seemed to glow in the dim light. 

"What do you think?" She asked timidly.

"You are even more beautiful than your pictures baby." Devin told her with confidence. She seemed to relax a little at that. "Come here."

She walked slowly to the chair where he was sitting, dropping her gaze from his only once, to note the thick ridge of his erection under the denim of his pants. When she was standing in front of her, he looked up and smiled, and her anxieties fell away. She read all of the love and adoration her had professed to her on-line and over the phone in that smile and it melted her heart. His hands, large and callused yet gentle in their touch, slid slowly up her thighs to cup her ass.

The feel of her soft supple skin in his palms was everything he had dreamed it would be. He looked up at her, looking down at him. He could smell the hot, musty aroma of her need just inches from his face. He pulled her close and nuzzled his face into the cleft between her thighs, feeling the damp lace scratching at his skin. Using one hand he pulled this to the side and reveal her beautiful pussy. Her lips gleamed wetly in the candlelight; a delicate pink, very plump and parted slightly, with her hooded clit poking out at the top like a crown. Devin ran his tongue over the smooth skin of her lips and felt her shiver. When he slipped his tongue into her slit she loosed a low, breathless moan. As his tongue explored she began to sway her hips in rhythm. Her hands were on the back of his head, fingers curled tightly in his hair.

"Oh god." She moaned as he sucked gently on her throbbing clit. "I've been waiting for this for so long." His tongue probed deeper still, snaking it's way into her as deep as he could get it while he rubbed her swelling clit.

Finally, she could stand it no longer. Lynn pulled Devin's head away from her sex and they locked eyes again. His chin glistened with her wetness. She bent at the waist and kissed him deeply, ignoring the not unpleasant taste of her own body on her lovers' lips. As their tongues danced, her hands worked at his pants, tugging the zipper down and fumbling with the button before finally freeing his tool. She slid her hand up and down his shaft, caressing the hard throbbing pole. He had told her he was about seven, and that looked right in pictures, but in her hand it felt more like a baseball bat: long, hard and thick, crisscrossed with a network of ridges and veins. Her pussy ached to have it filling her up.

"Mmmm" she purred into his mouth. "Pictures don't do this any justice baby." She bent and placed a kiss on the head of his penis where a clear drop of pre-cum glistened, before climbing into his lap. Lynn laced her arms around her lover's neck as he trailed kisses down her own, over her shoulders, down into her cleavage. His hands squeezed and kneaded the soft flesh of her bottom as he continued to kiss her body.

Her smell was intoxicating to him as he kissed the smooth mounds of her breasts: a light mixture of coconut and vanilla, underlined by the strong smell of her arousal. He could feel the lace of her panties - and the hot, wet chasm beneath them - grinding on his erection. 

"You are so beautiful baby" Devin whispered. He abandoned his grip on her rear and pulled the silky top open, spilling her marvelous tits into his face. Her hard, pink nipples beckoned him, and he took one into his mouth, sucking gently and pinching the other as he caressed and kneaded her breasts. Lynn shivered with excitement and the wetness between her thighs doubled. 

"Ohhh." She moaned looking down at her lover. He returned her gaze, lost in the blue gray sea of her eyes. "Make love to me." She whispered, "I can't take it anymore."

He pulled her down into a passionate kiss, relishing the softness of her plump lips. Lynn broke the kiss and stood, turning her back to Devin, swaying her ass seductively in her face. She looked back over her shoulder as she sat down in his lap again.

"Is this how you said you wanted me baby?" She asked referring to the detailed descriptions they had given each other on several occasions. 

"Mmm yes" He mumbled as he pulled Lynn back against him. She ground her hips into his lap while he resumed kissing her neck. One of his hands crept up to cup her breast while the other slid down her belly to the fire between her legs. He pulled her panties to the side and slid one finger along her slit, pausing to tweak the hard little nub if her clit, causing her to squeal. She reached between her legs and grasped his cock, using her free hand to pull her panties aside. He throbbed in her hand as she guided Devin's cock to her steaming opening. They let out a long, low moan in unison as his member slid into the velvet oven at her center. Boiling, liquid silk swallowed his cock as it slid deeper and deeper, her body relaxing to accept every inch he had to offer. They moved together, slowly rocking back and forth in an easy rhythm to the sound of the falling rain. 

"Turn around baby." Devin whispered into her ear. "I want to look into your eyes." 

He felt a brief pang of regret when she stood and he slipped out of her, but was rewarded soon enough as she straddled his lap with her knees in the padded seat and guided him back into her. They locked eyes and rocked together, each pushing the other closer to the edge.

"Oh baby don't stop." She moaned. "You feel so good inside of me."

Devin's face was buried between her mountainous tits, powerful hands gripping her supple ass while he impaled her with his cock. Each thrust pushed each of them closer and closer to the edge.

"Oh yes Devin! Yes! I love you!" Lynn cried out as she came. Waves of exquisite pleasure radiated out from the point of their union, rocking her body. Devin continued his slow deep thrusts into her as she quivered in his arms. The added wetness of her orgasm was all it took to push him over; Devin grunted through clenched teeth and his balls clenched, pumping his seed deep inside of her. His movements slowed to a stop and her could feel their mingled juices leaking down his shaft and over his empty balls.

They sat that way; totally spent, holding each other tightly, not talking, simply loving each other. Sometime later, with the eastern sky paling with the coming dawn Lynn roused from alight, peaceful sleep. She was still in Devin's lap, in fact still had his semi-erect penis inside of her. She kissed her lover's nose lightly. Devin opened his eyes and smiled at her.

"Good morning gorgeous." He said.

Lynn beamed back at him. It was the first time in a long time that anyone had called her gorgeous to her face. 

"Good morning handsome." She returned. She stood, holding his hands and pulling him to his feet with her. "Come to bed baby." They walked to her bedroom, hand in hand like two long time lovers. As the sun heaved its fiery bulk over the eastern horizon it was greeted by the soft cries of their lovemaking...