 Leah and John put themselves back in order and cleaned up what little evidence was there in the bathroom. Leah reapplied her lipstick, and wiped the crimson stains from John's face with a makeup remover pad from her purse. They straightened their clothes, wiped off the counter, and made their way back into the party downstairs. John found Rick and explained that while he was sorry to leave so early, Leah wasn't feeling well and he was going to take her home and get her to bed. Well the second half's true anyway, she thought. As cover stories go, it was weak, but since Rick knew Leah was normally the good girl type, he just let it go and told her he hoped she was feeling better soon.

As soon as they were in the relative privacy of John's car, she couldn't keep her hands off of him. As John drove back to her apartment, she fondled every inch of him that she could reach. "You're very distracting, you know that?" he asked with a chuckle.

"Are you complaining?"

"Not really, but I do want to make sure we get there in one piece. Please, let me drive."

Glancing over at him, she could see that he was already quite well recovered from their earlier activities. The bulge in his lap looked so inviting, but she kept herself in check for the few minutes it would take to get home. 

John parked the car in the garage and they headed for the elevators that would take them back up to Leah's apartment. As soon as the elevator doors closed, they began kissing and fondling each other again. When the doors reopened on the correct floor, Leah's blouse was unbuttoned down to where it met her skirt, and John's shirt was untucked and his fly was down. Giggling like a schoolgirl, Leah quickly unlocked the door and they found themselves in the quiet privacy of her home. 

"Where?" John gasped between kisses. Leah breathlessly pointed toward the bedroom. He picked her up and carried her down the hall, depositing her onto the bed mere seconds before he fell on top of her. 

They kissed hungrily, mouths feeding on one another as their hands ripped, tore and removed clothing. At last she was naked below him, he knelt over her and gazed down at her with a conqueror's look in his eye. "Why did I never see this before?" he asked.

Leah reached up and grabbed the long hard shaft of his penis and squeezed, making his eyes lose focus for a minute. "You just never bothered to look." She continued to kneed the hardness of him. "I've waited so long..." she said.

"Then let me make up for lost time." John lowered his head to her chest and began to kiss her breasts, softly drawing them into his mouth and caressing her nipples with his tongue. Seeing the effect on her body as shivers ran down her spine, he slowly began to suck harder, drawing more and more of her into his mouth. Once he had covered every inch of her perfectly shaped breasts, he began to move lower. 

John kissed his way down the flat plane of her Leah's stomach, pausing momentarily to kiss her navel before traveling lower still. "Always wondered about that," he said as he teased along her small, perfectly-groomed strip of red hair. Leah didn't have a chance to answer because his next move was to plunge his tongue into her cunt, sucking and kissing away the juices that had begun to moisten it. "You taste amazing," he said, glancing up at her from his position between her creamy white thighs. He used his fingers to spread her wider open and licked along the edges of her wet pussy. 

Leah could do nothing but writhe at his touch. Every flick of his tongue brought her closer to that overwhelming feeling of release. Her entire body tingled with the sensation of it. She moaned in pleasure and ran her fingers through John's wavy brown hair. She could feel the waves of pleasure riding over her as he brought her to climax.

John ran his tongue over her clit one last time before he began to crawl his way up her body, kissing along her skin as he moved. "You're amazing," leah whispered breathlessly. 

"Well, you said you've been waiting a long time for this," he joked, his mouth only a breath away from hers now. "I figure I ought to make it worth your while." He lowered himself to kiss her lips, and she could taste her own juices on his mouth and it drove her wild. 

"Please," she whispered.

He began to lower his body over hers and she felt the head of his penis brush against the dripping wet opening of her pussy. He began to work his way inside of her, having to fight for every inch. "You're so tight," he said, his voice shaking. "I don't want to hurt you."

"I don't care" There was a frantic note to Leah's voice now. "I want you John, all of you. I want you inside me. Just fuck me, please!"

"Ok, you asked for it..." He slammed his body into hers, delving the hard length of him deep inside. The sensation was somewhere on that line where pleasure and pain meet. It felt incredible right now, but she knew she'd pay for it later. Pinned by the weight of him, Leah began to writhe with pleasure. John's pace became faster and faster as he drove his cock into her again and again. Her moans became louder with every thrust. She felt the orgasm building as John continued to work at his frenzied pace. When it finally broke over her, Leah's spine bowed, driving him even further inside. The angle was perfect now, and she came again, and again. Finally with one last thrust, John threw his head back as she felt his hot cum erupt within her.

John collapsed on top of her as his breathing began to return to normal. "If I had known you'd be that good, I would have tried to get you into bed years ago," he laughed shakily. 

"It was worth the wait," she replied, enjoying the scent of his skin. 

"We should get cleaned up," he said, drawing himself up to look at her. He rolled off her onto his side, once again exposing the length of his muscular body for her viewing pleasure. "Why don't you go ahead and get in the shower. I'll join you in a minute."

"Join me?" Leah asked, a little dazed with the afterglow.

"You didn't think I was done, did you?" His cocky smile was back in place now. This was the John she had known for so long. At the surprised look on her face he let out a chuckle. "Really Leah. Did you think I was exaggerating all of those stories I've told you?"

Leah blushed a deep crimson as she got up off the bed and made her way across the room, kicking clothes and shoes out of the way as she went. Once inside the bathroom, she pulled out some towels and turned on the water, nice and hot. She stood beneath the stream, hands braced on the shower wall, eyes closed, just letting the hot water run down her back. She never even heard the door open.

John stepped into the shower behind her, pulling the curtain closed. Seeing her standing there, water rushing over her smooth perfect skin brought a smile to his face. What is wrong with you, he thought to himself that you never saw her before. He felt just the tiniest bit sorry for her when he thought about the years of desire she had confessed to him. Still, he was here now, wasn't he? He could surely make it up to her.

He reached out and placed his hands gently on her hips. Leah gave a little start as she realized he had snuck in, but then leaned back against his chest, letting him wrap her in his arms. He nibbled the edge of her ear as he cupped her ample breasts in his hands. "I'm never going to let you go, you know," he murmured softly into her ear. "You're mine now." 

She spun around in his grip, pressing her hardening nipples against his chest. "Good," she said as she tilted her head up to kiss him. She could hardly believe that she wasn't dreaming. 

John stepped back and bent down to retrieve the shampoo bottle from the small shelf behind him. "Let me take clean you up," he said, as he poured a small amount into the palm of his hand. Obediently, Leah turned back around. He began to work the shampoo into the tangled mess of her hair, massaging her scalp as he did so. Once he had worked the shampoo through her long mane, he turned her around to face him again and began to rinse it out. He laid the slightest of kisses on her lips as he finished rinsing her long hair, and then grabbed her body wash and sponge off the shelf. 

He began to wash her body, lovingly caressing every inch of her skin as he did. Once she was all soaped up, he began to rinse the sweet smelling suds off her skin, exploring her with his hands. It was as if he was trying to memorize her, gently probing each part of her with his warm, soft hands. He spun her around to face the water again and began the process all over on her back side, lathering, rinsing, caressing.

As the last of the soap made its way down the drain, John placed his hands on Leah's hips. She began to turn to face him, but he held her in place and stepped closer, covering the distance between them. She could feel that he was hard once again, and bent forward to the position he had found her in, head under the shower spray, hands braced against the wall. She let out a tiny gasp as she felt the hardness of his head against the lips of her cunt. 

In one fluid motion, John thrust himself into her as he pulled her hips back against him. A moan escaped her lips as he began to move in and out, even tighter from this angle than it had been from the front. Once again, her orgasm began to build almost immediately. She shivered as the pleasure overcame her again, despite the heat of the water and the heat of their bodies. Still rock hard, John drew himself out of her and reached around her to turn off the water. 

"What are you doing? Aren't you going to finish?" she asked in a voice that could barely be heard. 

He placed a finger against her lips, silencing her. "Trust me."

He picked her up effortlessly, wrapping her long legs around him, and stepped out of the shower. He ignored her fevered kisses all over his face and her hands winding through his hair as he set her gently back on her feet. He turned her to face the mirror over the sink and bent her over the counter. As he spread her legs again, he locked her gaze with his own in the mirror. His eyes never faltered as he pushed his way back into her dripping pussy. He stared intently at her face as he fucked her. The intensity of his gaze as he plunged in and out kept her from closing her eyes. As he brought her over and over she fell into his burning brown eyes, and when he finally broke eye contact as his hot cum roared through her body, she found that she gasped for the breath she had forgotten to take.

As John finally slid himself out of her, Leah's knees buckled and she found herself sinking to the floor. She sat there dazed for a minute, while John started the shower again. "Are you ok?" he asked tenderly, standing over her.

"Yeah, but I think my legs are spent. I'm not used to so much good sex at once you know..."

"Just wait there a minute," he said. She could hear him get into the shower behind her. She listened as he washed himself, quickly but thoroughly, then turned the water down to fill the tub. A moment later, he was kneeling at her side. He slipped his arms under her and scooped her up. "I'll take care of you," he said tenderly.

He deposited her into the warm water and washed the remnants of their latest go round away. He left her there for only the briefest of seconds as he retrieved one of the fluffy towels from the counter, then unplugged the tub and let the water drain out. Spreading the towel across his lap, John picked Leah up and sat her on his lap. As he carefully dried her off, she began to feel the edges of sleep tug at her eye lids. Once she was dry, he gently carried her back into the bedroom and laid her down on the bed, tucking her in under sheets he must have changed as she was starting the shower.

The last thing she heard before sleep finally claimed her was, "Good night, Leah my love. Sweet dreams."