 "Hey darlin, didn't know you'd be here." I smiled at the familiar voice, we'd been friends for forever and he knew full well I was planning on being here. It's what he always said. I was standing at the bar, squeezed between two bar stools waiting for the bar tender's attention. I turned sideways so I could keep my eye on the bar tender and still talk to him. He looked as he always did, well fitted jeans and a loose button up rolled twice at both sleeves to show off his forearms. Dark hair slightly messy, blue eyes smiling even if the rest of him wasn't. 

"Hi there yourself. How've you been?" He just shrugged, which was odd, he usually had a lot more to say. He liked to tell me about his work, what hearings he'd done that day, who he'd helped. Being a good lawyer was a point of pride. It was like the stamp of approval he'd always looked for. He moved in closer and reached around me to signal for the bar tenders attention. Suddenly his whole body was pressed up against my back. I'd hugged him hello sometimes after long vacations or something, but we'd never been particularly physical with each other. We were friends because of our wit and sarcasm, not because of an attraction or past fling. Except, feeling his whole body up against mine I was starting to change my views about the attraction. 

"We're getting a bit cozy tonight, eh?" I tried to turn to see him, but he blacked my movement.

"You have no idea." He whispered in my ear. 

Suddenly his hand dropped down below the bar and he began to run in across my belly. He slid my silk shirt along my flat stomach and then began to inch his way underneath the shirt, his fingertips just barely brushing against my skin.

"What are you..." 

"Shh," he cut me off, "you should put in your order." The bartender was heading our way. 

"What can I get you two?" As soon as the question was posed his hand dropped beneath my jeans cupping around my body so one finger slipped straight inside. 

"I.. uh.. an.. an IPA please." I stammered, taken aback and suddenly turned on. I began to gush all around his finger and he started to slowly move a tiny bit in and out. 

"Nothing for me right now," he told the bartender as I soaked his finger. 

"Let's hope it takes awhile to get your order, huh?" He asked he moved his finger out of my cunt up to my clit. He couldn't move well because my jeans were tight, but he could move enough. It felt like heaven and I leaned against the bar for support. I tried to shield my body with the bar somewhat, in case another patron happened to look over toward us. My eyes flicked around to see if anyone noticed us, and feeling safe (as safe as could be) I watched as the bartender filled my pint glass, walked back over to us, and put it down in front of me. "4.50." I handed over a twenty dollar bill and waited for the change. 

"Order me a Sam." He whispered in my ear. "Do it without moaning and I'll make sure you come before we leave the bar tonight." His fingers started to move faster as the bartender returned with my change. I gathered all my strength and looked the bartender in the eye. "He's decided I owe him a drink, grab him a Sam will you." It was everything I could do not to lose my breath or scream out, his hand was moving so fast I thought there was no way the bartender wouldn't notice what was happening. "Sure thing," the bartender said as he moved off once again. 

As soon as the bartender moved he really went to work, His finger was alternating going in and out of my cunt and rubbing my clit and he began to whisper in my ear. 

"I want you to come right here in front of everyone, I want you looking in the bartenders eyes when you do it. I want him to see your eyes grow wide and lose focus and the way your mouth opens just the tiniest bit to let lose the littlest of moans." 

I was so close I could barely think as the bartender returned. I silently handed over a 10 to buy the extra time getting change would take. As the bartender turned to make the change and there was warm breath on my ear and soft kisses on my neck. It was enough to push me over the edge and I came leaning up against the bar for support, looking into the bartenders eyes as I took my change.