 At the Beach

© 2019 Victor Cabana

God! She is SO gorgeous! Just lying there on her stomach beside me on the nearly deserted beach, her petite, shapely buttocks just sitting there, jutting up, taunting me, scarcely confined by her blue bikini bottoms. 

Her angelic face, framed by sun-streaked blond hair, is towards me, eyes closed. My left hand, still tingling from applying suntan oil to her back ten minutes ago, needs to touch her again. 

I shift slightly, raising my left hip, giving my swelling room to grow between the sand under my towel and my groin. It strains, tangled in my trunks, still wet from cavorting in the Pacific. 

Unbidden, yearning, my hand rises, edging towards her narrow waist. Her skin is so smooth, so soft, tan and taut. My fingers tremble a trifle as they near her. How will she react?

They lightly land. 

She smiles, but her eyes stay shut. 

My fingertips trace little circles on her velvet skin. Electric shocks pulse from her, shooting through my fingers directly to my distending appendage, which twitches and throbs, straining against the ocean-wet fabric. 

She sighs, opens her Periwinkle eyes. They smile.

“That’s nice,” she whispers. Her right hand glides across the sliver of hot sand between our towels and rests against me. I pulse at her mere touch. I’ve been visiting at her parents’ house for two days, and though we did heavy petting last summer when we fell in love, we’ve been four months apart at different colleges and I haven’t even been able to kiss her since our reunion. We’ve never been alone. 

But this, her planned trip to the shore, is promising.

She deftly turns and lies on her back. My stroking fingers now alight, delight, on her concave belly. I imagine, remember from summer past, the delicious feel of what lies mere inches higher. And lower. 

Her hand again finds my hip and her fingers match my circles. Does she know she’s making me throb?

Evidently.

I suavely suppress my gasp as her fingers worm their way between my towel and my hip bone. Then go further. 

And further. My hip raises, helping, making room.

My next gasp can’t be suppressed.

“Oh. Is that for me?”

Though her fingers on my tip have made me mute I manage to grunt something. A clever bon mot, no doubt.

My nineteen-year-old testicles warp into hyper-drive as her ministrations begin. I hear that I’m catching my breath with each twitch of my erection. Does she?

She stops; her hand withdraws. 

Oh.

It’s a good thing, I think, resigned, as a big, really big, wet spot on the front my Bermudas would be embarrassing. 

GAAA! Her fingers snake inside the waist of my trunks.

And down.

AAAHHHH!

We never actually had sex last summer, just mutual handiwork, and now she’s again fondling the bare head of my penis, spreading my copious clear fluid all over.

“Shush. Be still.”

OK, so I WAS grunting and moaning, and thrusting against her fingers. Only natural. I so, so want -- need -- to do what she says, anything she says, so she’ll continue. I bite my lip to keep quiet and tense every muscle to suppress my bucking as her fingers play on. 

I feel the fluid building, gathering, thick and heavy. I force my eyes to focus. She’s watching me, smiling sweetly, enjoying my attempts to control the trembling twitches she’s causing.

I babble something about needing her to stop, lest I make a mess.

“Time for a swim!” she exclaims as she pops up and glides to the water, diving in like an otter. 

I struggle up and hobble with three stiff legs to the shoreline. Where is she?

She surfaces twenty feet out, laughing, smiling. Beckoning.

I splash to stand by her. The swells of the waves reach her neck, my shoulders. 

I’m about to say something charming when she pulls my head down and kisses me. 

It starts slowly -- it’s been four months -- but grows as we remember how we did it last summer. I’m amazed that my heat is not making the ocean steam.

Hands find the waist of my trunks, pull the front away, slide them down, then circle my neck. 

Oh.

My muddled mind finally realizes that her new cloth necklace is actually her bikini bottom. 

Oh. God. 

Her pert trim buttocks magnetically draw my hands as she wraps her legs around my waist. I’m thinking the sea will surely boil.

Then I can’t think.

Her hand that left my neck explored between us. And found me. She slides down, enveloping me, capturing me. My brain liquefies and seeps down, gathering in my other head.

My cock-brain suggests that I use her rear as a handle to slide her up and down on me. Instinct.

“Be still.” 

I will do anything to keep this happening. I comply.

“Can you feel this?”

“Gaaawww.....” She doesn’t need to practice Kegels. She’s perfected them. 

She giggles, then kisses me. Has she planned all this? She squeezes me. Then again. And again.

“No. Stay still.” I couldn’t help it -- I had to thrust. But her compressions have stopped. Oh no.

I freeze. “Oh, please,” my cock-brain silently pleads.

“Good. That’s better.” Cock cuddles continue.

Squeeze. I distend and throb. Time dissolves...

Squeeze. Distend and throb. Time dissolves...

Squeeze. Distend and throb. Time dissolves...

Over and over, endless like the waves. Nothing else exists. 

Her breathing is faster, shallow. My fluid is pooling, simmering, approaching a boil. My catches of breath become gasps. 

She stops. “Stay still. Hold it back.”

Oh God. 

Please, I so need to....?

But I try.

Really hard. I need her to keep doing this, whatever it is. 

Strenuous struggle. Clench every muscle. Don’t even breathe. Try. Hold back, hold....hold.....

Small Success. The boil gradually cools, becomes tepid. Sigh. 

“Good. Very good.” The sweetest kiss, ever. Elation.

Squeezes resume.

It all happens again. Then again. And yet again. How many times? One would need to have had a brain to even count, much less remember.

After the last edge she’s breathing hard and fast. She raises herself off me. What? 

The Pacific’s sudden cold helps cool my boil.

She turns, backs into me, takes my hand and guides it between her thighs. 

I’m so eager. My fingers frolic as my other hand wraps round, finding a soft shapely swell.

The cheeks of her dainty derriere tremble on either side of my twitching pole as she gasps, arches, and shakes. 

Time dissolves...

“Again, please.” And then again.

“You are so sweet.” 

She disappears under a wave. Soft lips on my abandoned part. Heaven. 

She surfaces, no longer wearing her necklace. Hands pull up my trunks. 

No! 

Damn. 

“Time for some more sun.”

She drags me to the shore, releasing my handle only when the water no longer hides her hold, and trots to her towel.

“Will you put some lotion on my back, please?” Periwinkles twinkle. She knows.

She knows I’ll do anything, everything. Just, please...please... Next time, please........

God! She is SO gorgeous! Just lying there on her stomach beside me on the nearly deserted beach, her petite, shapely buttocks just sitting there, jutting up, taunting me, scarcely confined by her blue bikini bottoms.