 He sat down on a barstool and looked around the club. It was still early, so the club wasn't crowded. Right now, there were more men then women. He was looking for a particular woman who hadn't come in yet.

He got up and went into the restroom. It was empty and surprisingly very clean. He stood in front of the sink and stared into the mirror. He smoothed out his dress shirt and adjusted his khaki pants. He washed his hands and went back to the bar. When he sat down, a leggy red head perched on the stool beside him. She fidgeted with her top, pulling it down so he had a view of the swell of her breasts. She leaned towards him.

"Hi! I'm Cami." He smiled, bored with her already.

"Hello" She cocked her head and just looked at him, confusion showing plainly on her face. It was obviously not a response she was used to getting.

"Care to buy a girl a drink?" She leaned closer and her breast brushed his arm.

"I'm waiting for someone." She frowned and stood up.

"Asshole." He laughed softly and watched the sway of her hips as she walked off. Pretty, but dull. He turned back to the bar. He had chosen this seat because it had a view of the door.

It wasn't long before he spotted her, coming in surrounded by a group of people. He had guessed them to be her friends, but not anyone she was dating. The group found a few tables and sat down. He had a clear view of her.

Her long brown hair was pulled back in a simple braid. Her large breasts seemed ready to burst out of the shirt she was wearing. It was black, with splashes of red and white here and there. It was cut low in front and when she leaned forward it was easy to see a hint of her bra. He guessed it was red. She had on black pants that hugged her hips and ass. Her black heels gave some added height to her. He knew her eyes held a gaze that could almost look into a person's soul.

He closed his eyes for a moment. Imagining his hands running over the curves of her body, feeling her skin under his fingertips. He wanted to feel her lips wrapped around his cock, to feel his body pressing against hers as he fucked her. He opened his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn't know why he was infatuated with her, but he was. It had been nearly three weeks since he first saw her, dancing and lost in the music. He thought about her constantly and still had not gotten the nerve to speak to her. She always came in with friends and danced with a lot of me but he never recalled her leaving with one.

He continued to watch her, but not noticeably. She went out to the dance floor and danced for several songs. He watched her breasts bounce as she moved, wishing his hands could hold them. Occasionally, she would dance with a man who approached her, smiling and flirting just enough to make the guy feel good.

He turned back to the bar and ordered a rum and coke. He felt a body behind him and when he turned he nearly spilled his drink down the front of them both. She grabbed his hand and steadied it. The heat of her skin was intense.

"I didn't mean to startle you. There was really no place to get near the bar." He glanced around and slid off the stool. The club was crowded now.

"Please sit." He motioned to the stool. She slid onto it and his gaze traveled over her ass. She ordered a drink and then turned to him. He had stayed standing next to her, not wanting to leave. She was beautiful and he had to concentrate to keep his face from flushing as he imagined the things he wanted to do with her body.

"Thanks." She smiled and licked her lips. "How long were you going to watch me before asking me to dance or if you could buy me a drink?" She had caught him staring at her. "I've been coming in here for weeks now, hoping you would at least say hello. I got tired of waiting." She took a sip of her drink and gazed up at him.

"Next time, I'll have to be a bit more secretive about watching you." He smiled.

"No need too. I'm right here." She laughed and his eyes wandered to her lips. His cock started to ache. It had gotten hard when he first saw her and now it throbbed. He was thankful for the loose fit of his pants. He finished his drink, as did she.

"Dance with me." He held out his hand to her. She stood and took it, leading him out to the dance floor and he pulled her against him. She smiled up at him and put her hands on his arms. It was a slower song and they danced pressed up against each other. He knew she could feel his cock against her stomach.

They danced, grinding and pressing against each other, for several songs. She looked up and pulled his head to hers. She kissed him, nibbling on his bottom lip. He slid his tongue into her mouth and they started to kiss passionately. She pulled back first.

"Wow." Her voice was very breathy. "If you do everything the way you kiss, I am going to be in trouble." He laughed softly in her ear. She stood on her toes and rubbed her pussy mound against his cock. He moaned into her hair and she giggled with her face against his neck. He put his fingers under her chin and held it. She gazed at him.

"Would you like to leave with me?" She smiled and nodded. He gestured to her friends. She went to the group and said her good night. And like any good friends they protested and when she ignored that, they warned her to be careful and to call when she got home. She promised she would and then joined him at the bar.

Outside the club, she pulled him into the alley and pushed him against the wall. She attacked his mouth with her own; kissing him with a hunger that surprised and excited him. He slid his hands around her waist and rested them on her ass. She continued to kiss him with a fierce intensity. She rubbed her body against him and his cock hardened further. She ran a hand across it and he moaned into her mouth. He pushed her back.

"Not here. We'll go to my place." He put an arm around her waist and led her to his car.

A short time later he led her into his apartment. It was clean and nicely decorated thanks to the efforts of past girlfriends. She strolled in and looked around.

"Very nice." She stepped close to him and pressed a hand against his cock. It throbbed against her palm. She gently squeezed it. He pulled her to him and slid his tongue along her lips. She nipped at it. He responded by wrapping his hand around her braid and kissing her harder. He undid the braid and ran his fingers through her hair. He tangled his fingers in it and pulled her head back. She stared up at him and her felt her body tighten in fear as his arm tightened around her waist.

"You will do anything I ask. I will not hurt you or endanger you." The fear in her eyes was quickly replaced with a look of smoldering desire as her body relaxed. He released her hair and held her with one arm as he undid his shirt. She watched his fingers deftly undo the buttons. He let her go. He undid his pants, kicked of his shoes and slid off the rest of his clothes. He stood before her, naked. She let her eyes roam over his body and he could tell from he gaze, she appreciated what she was looking at.


"Undress." She hesitated. He reached over and in a swift movement he pulled her shirt off. Just as fast her pants were around her ankles. She stepped out of them after kicking off the heeled shoes. She stood before him in her bright red satin bra and panties. "Red is a good color on you." He ran his hand along her side, caressing the curves of her body. He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed downwards gently. "On your knees." She resisted for a second and he smiled. "You agreed to this when you didn't leave. I won't hurt you." He pushed and she put her hands on his hips, sinking slowly to her knees. "Suck my cock. Wrap those lips around it." Her tongue snaked out of her mouth and licked along the shaft. He shuddered. 

The heat of her mouth was more intense then that of her skin. She wrapped her fingers around the base of the shaft. She swirled her tongue around the head of his cock. He wrapped his fingers in her hair and held her head. "I said suck." He pressed the head of his cock against her lips and she slowly sucked him into her mouth. He fucked her mouth gently, enjoying the hot wetness. He tightened his hold on her hair and started to fuck her face with deep strokes, not deep enough to choke her but deep enough to have most of his cock in her mouth.

He felt the first stirrings of his orgasm deep in his groin. He knew he should slow down and enjoy her mouth, but the fun was just beginning for them both. She felt him hold tighter and she sucked harder, pulling back enough so she was sucking on the head of his cock. Her hand cupped his balls and played with them gently. His body tensed and he shivered. She felt the first jet spurt in her mouth and he pulled out slowly, spraying his cum all over her face and tits. He held his cock and milked the last few drops unto her tongue.

He stepped back and sat down in a recliner, his legs feeling week. He watched as she collected cum with her fingers and then licked them clean. She stood and stretched, arching her back enough so her breasts stood out. She sauntered over to him and he patted his lap.

"Have a seat." She straddled his legs and sat down carefully, her back against his chest. They cuddled for a few minutes as his breathing slowed. She wiggled in his lap and he chuckled in her ear. "What do you want?" He asked, as he kissed her neck.

"I want to cum on your face." She turned her head and kissed him. He slid his hands behind her and undid her bra as they kissed. He reached down and pulled a lever on the side of the chair and the footrest rose. He leaned back and settled her against him. He kissed her ear. "Take off your panties and play with yourself." He ordered. She wiggled out of her panties and he felt her ass press against his cock. His arms slid around her and he pulled off her bra. He covered her breasts with his hands. She moaned and took a deep breath, pushing her nipples against his palms. He kneaded gently until he realized she wasn't touching herself. He pinched her nipples roughly and she gasped. "Play with your clit." He spread his legs apart causing hers to open. He took her hands and placed them over her pussy. He rested his chin on her shoulder and watched her fingers play with her pussy hair. He liked the fact that she kept her pussy hair trimmed short. He spread his legs apart further so hers opened more and looked at the mirror that was sitting less then two feet away.

He could see the lips of her pussy, engorged and wet, incredibly wet. He watched her fingers slide into the slit of her pussy. She used her index finger to circle around her clit and her other hand slid lower to dance around her hole. Her eyes were closed, her head leaning back against his shoulder. He moved his fingers back up to her nipples and pinched and pulled on them. He bit her neck and she jumped. His cock was hard and sliding along her ass as she writhed in his arms.

"Open your eyes." She did and that's when she noticed the mirror. He smiled. "Open your pussy. Let me see your clit." She spread her lips apart with her fingers and her nibbled her neck, watching her fingers playing with her clit. He slid a hand down to explore her pussy. It was wet and the smell of her was intoxicating. The room smelled of her arousal. He felt her clit throb against his probing fingers. He pinched it and rolled it between his ringers, loving the feel of her body writhing thing on top his. His other hand continued playing with her nipples. He slid his finger into her and she moaned. He groaned when he felt how tight she was, her pussy pressing against his hand.

In the mirror he watched her skin flush and glisten with sweat. He pushed one finger deep into her and he used his thumb to roll her clit roughly. He brushed against her g-spot and she jumped. Before she could think, she was laying on her stomach across his lap. She started to rise and his right arm across her waist held her down. She gripped the armrest of the chair.

"I don't...." Feeling his fingers on her clit cut off her protest. He released her and slid his arm under her. His right hand played with her clit. He covered his hand with her juices and slid his thumb across her clit, into her pussy and then up to her ass. He pressed the tip of his thumb against her ass hole. When she moaned, he smiled and popped the tip into her ass. She arched her back and more of his thumb slid in. He flicked her clit with his fingers and she shivered. His left hand rubbed her ass, loving the fleshy globes in his hand.

SMACK! His thumbed popped from her ass just before his left came down across both cheeks. She jumped and his right arm encircled her waist again. He looked in the mirror. Her eyes were wide and full of fear. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! His left hand slapped down on her ass again and again.

"You are a cock teasing slut. You need to be taught a lesson about how to treat a man." He continued to spank her. "I am going to use your body how ever I want to tonight. I am going to fuck your pussy and your mouth again. I am going to slide my tongue over every inch of your pussy, so I can feel your juices run into my mouth." SMACK! "And I am going to stick my cock in this delicious ass of yours." He watched her face in the mirror. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. He stopped and slowly rubbed his hand over her ass. The cheeks were red and with hand shaped welts. He was afraid she was going to start fighting him and leave, so he quickly shifted her so she was cradled on her back in his arms. Her eyes were squeezed tight. He had scared her, but he had not hurt her.

He slid his right hand into her pussy and rolled her clit gently. Her body started to relax in his arms. He kissed the top of her head and then down along her face to her lips. He kissed her softly for a few moments before she responded. Her arms slid around his neck and she pulled herself up so she was facing him and straddling his lap. She continued to kiss him and he gently rubbed her ass cheeks. He bent his head and sucked a nipple into his mouth, nibbling and sucking gently. She pressed her pussy against his cock, soaking him with her juices. She slid her hand between their bodies and slowly rubbed the head of his cock across her clit. She lifted herself and slowly slid down onto his cock. He let her enjoy it for a few minutes as he played with her breasts. Enjoying he large nipples and how sensitive they were. 

He pushed in the footrest and held her so she wouldn't fall. He lifter her off of his cock and stood, turning around with her in his arms, and set her down in the chair gently. She looked up at him and smiled. He reached down and separated her legs and positioned her so her legs were bent and spread open. He knelt before her and took several long laps along her slit. He began to flick his tongue quickly across her clit, feeling the nub harden and throb under the assault from his tongue. She grabbed a hold of his head, pressing his face into her pussy. She moaned and thrust her hips against his head. He pulled her hips up for a better angle and continued feasting on her delicious cunt. She screamed and pumped her hips wildly as she came against his tongue, flooding his face with her juices. He lapped at her pussy a few more times and then sat back, taking a deep breath and licking his lips. 

She looked exhausted and seemed almost on the verge of sleeping. His cock throbbed as he considered shoving it into her to wake her again, but he didn't want to hurt her. He wanted to fuck her with an almost animalistic intensity but he wasn't sure just how much her incredibly tight cunt could handle. He kissed her thigh and stood. She opened her eyes and smiled up at him. "Asking me to leave all ready?" He laughed quietly and helped her up.

"No. Merely a change of scenery." He led her into his bedroom and began kissing her and feeling her skin. It was hot and flushed. "Are you all right?" He whispered in her ear. She nodded and kissed his neck. Without warning she bit it fiercely. He growled and shoved her face first onto the bed. She scrambled to get back up and he held her down. SMACK! His hand landed on her ass cheek again and she shrieked. He kicked her legs apart and ran his hand a long her pussy. She was wetter then she had been right after she had an orgasm. He smiled to himself, realizing she enjoyed playing rough. He slid two fingers into her pussy. He gathered up some juices and slid his fingers around her ass, sliding one inside gently. Her body tensed up.

"Relax, baby. I promised I won't hurt you, and I haven't." He pulled her into a standing position and then had her lean with her hands on the bed. He took a hold of his cock and slid it into her pussy. She gasped in surprised and pushed back against him. "That's right, fuck yourself on my cock." He held himself still, as she bounced off his hips. He reached over to his nightstand and pulled out a tube of lubricant. He could tell her ass had never been fucked before and he nearly came as he started preparing for it. 

He squirted a great deal of lube onto his fingers and then slid them around her ass, sliding one in and pressing it against his cock. He moaned and her felt her tense up again. He leaned over her, pressing deeper into her and kissed her ear. He straightened and began fucking her faster and deeper. Her orgasm caused her back to bow and she grabbed the blankets and held onto them. She screamed quietly and he watched her body shudder. He pussy clenched and sucked at his cock and he nearly came from the milking her velvety softness was giving his cock. He pulled his cock out of her pussy and slowly pushed the head against her ass. She attempted to pull away and he grabbed her hips with his hands.

"If it hurts to much, you have my word, I will stop." He could see the tears glistening in her eyes, and he thought about just shoving himself in her pussy, but he wanted to feel her ass on his cock. He had been thinking about it for so long. He pushed into her ass, and the head popped in. She moaned, in pain he figured, but she wasn't pulling away. He held himself still, to let her get used to his size in her ass. When he felt her push against him, he slid in a little more, barely a half inch. It was agonizing, knowing he had to go slow, but he did not want to hurt her. 

This continued for ten minutes. Barely sliding into her ass. Around three inches, she begged him not to push further. He pulled out and slowly pumped in and out of her ass. He couldn't believe that she actually let him fuck her ass. He reached under to play with her clit and felt how turned on she was. Her juices were practically running down her legs. He shuddered as he pulled out of her ass. He laid her down on the bed.

"Don't move." She watched him walk into the bathroom. He carefully cleaned himself off and then went back into the bedroom. She hadn't moved. He crawled between her legs and slid his cock into her. She was so wet and so tight that he knew a couple of thrusts were all it was going to take for him to burst. He thrust in and out of her a couple of times. Her body exploded in orgasm and she thrust her hips up to his. Her pussy was more then he could bear and pulled out. He slid across he middle and jerked himself all over her tits. He was certain he had never cum so much in his life. Her breasts were covered in with his cum. He slid his cock over her breasts and then over her lips. She licked it gently and he collapsed next to her. He watched as she lazily covered her fingers with cum and then licked them off. He pulled her into his arms and cuddled with her.

She drifted off to sleep in his arms. He played with her hair, and thought about ways of waking her up.....