 Jennifer Solomos was heading east on I-10 towards her condo in Santa Monica, blasting Green Day on the car stereo. She wanted nothing more than to get away from her good-for-nothing fiancé, Christos Lillis. Since she was a child, Chris had always been a pure, unadulterated, chauvinistic jerk in Jennifer's eyes. There was little wonder why he was still unmarried at nearly forty years old. One reason was that god awful personality and the other was that since she'd been born, she'd been promised to him. Now that she'd graduated from college, her marriage was a mere three weeks away.

If it weren't for her parents being such great fucking friends with the Lillises, and if it weren't for the huge inheritance that she stood to forfeit by not marrying Chris, she would not have had anything to do with him. As it was, however, she had little choice in the matter. Her parents had long given her the ultimatum: marry Chris and continue to live the good life in Santa Monica, or run away and be a starving bum somewhere without daddy's blessings, and worse, without his checkbook. It was a no-brainer, right? Jennifer seemed to think so. 

She and Chris had just gotten into another big fight; one of the many fights that were characteristic of their rocky relationship. This time, it had been in public, on a rooftop restaurant above the Four Seasons hotel in L.A. It had been such a stupid argument; Chris had insisted on her ordering a vegetarian dish for dinner when what she really wanted was a cheeseburger. She hadn't even wanted to go to this fancy-shmancy restaurant. After a huge commotion, she ordered the food, but then stormed out before it arrived. 

A burger and milkshake would have been fine for her, but Chris was constantly telling her that she'd gain weight eating that type of food. He was one to talk. Balding on top, pudgy in the middle and hairy everywhere else, Chris was fifteen years her senior and definitely the one who needed to worry about his weight, among other things. Truth is, Jennifer has always been skinny as a beanpole; it's the only blessing she got from her parents without asking. At twenty-three, she now had the vivacious curves of a woman, and the signature Greek ass, but her body was still thin enough to rival any Hollywood actress.

Jennifer pulled the car over on the side of the road. She'd been masturbating since she was very young, and she did it often to relieve stress. Also, she'd been incredibly horny as of late. She was a young woman with a healthy sexual appetite, and whatever it was Chris thought he was dong to her in bed was not cutting it. She leaned over and got her blue six-inch latex vibrator out of the glove box. Lifting up the bottom of her dress and pulling her panties to the side, she turned her vibe on and placed it on her clit. 

Immediately she could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter with the rapid stimulation. She closed her eyes, moaned and licked the fingers of one hand, pinching and caressing her nipples with them. She licked her lips as she rocked the vibrator back and forth on her clitoris, basking in the waves of pleasure and sensation that overtook her body as she came. 

While her pussy was still throbbing from her clitoral orgasm, she took the vibrator, wet with her own cum and juices, and slid it inside. She fucked herself with the vibrator, her fist hitting her labia as she buried it in her pussy nearly to the hilt. A light sweat glistened on her forehead despite the air conditioner being run at full blast. After a few minutes of intense cunt fucking, Jennifer came again. 

When she pulled back onto the freeway, Jennifer was a little bit more relaxed, but not completely. When she got home, with a bit more space, she could really fuck herself before Chris came home and wanted to screw her for all of two and a half minutes. Just thinking about Chris made her stress level rise again, and she was pretty much in the same state as she was pre-masturbation. 

Jennifer couldn't imagine how this day could get any worse. Earlier this morning, Buttons, her 14-year-old Siamese cat, had passed away, and now there was the fight with Chris. Her life was a wreck, and she just wanted to get home. Her foot was heavy on the accelerator, but her mind was wandering, and she paid it very little attention as she weaved in and out of the heavy L.A. traffic.

First there were the lights flashing in her rearview. Jennifer slowed down, hoping the cop would speed up and pass her. Instead, the officer got directly behind her and hit the siren in two short beats. Whoop whoop, it whined.

"Oh, my god, this can't be happening to me!" Jennifer muttered under her breath. She'd just gotten a ticket yesterday for reckless driving. Being pulled over twice in one week was terrible; twice in two days was ridiculous. She decided that it wasn't going to happen. She merged over into a lane further to the left and pressed her foot down on the accelerator, allowing her Mercedes to speed up to 120 mph. 

With this bold move, the squad car behind her put the sirens on full blast mode, and they shrieked and whined as the cop came in quick pursuit. Aware of the rate of speed at which she was moving, Jennifer gripped the wheel with both hands so tightly that her knuckles turned white as snow. 

She continued to careen in and out of traffic, dodging cars left and right, but she couldn't seem to evade the police officer. She chanced a peek into her rearview mirror, and the cop was right on her tail. Ahead, she was coming to her Santa Monica exit, but she couldn't risk getting off the interstate just yet. Instead she merged over into the rightmost lane so she could head north on the 405. As she got off, a slight drizzle began to fall from the smog-filled sky. 

"Shit!" Jennifer said, and switched on the wipers. She didn't need the fucking rain right now, but of course that's what would come. Just another shitty chapter in her fucked up life, she thought. 

How had her life gotten so messed up? She was born into privilege, the silver spoon was stuck practically down her throat; but somehow her life was all a shambles. She didn't want to be stuck in the rain, she didn't want to be running from the police, and she didn't want to marry Chris. 

Jennifer tried to fight back tears, but they would not let up. Like the rain falling outside, the water in her eyes got heavier and clouded her vision. Still speeding, she let go of the wheel to find a tissue for her eyes, and rear ended the blue Volkswagen Jetta that was in front of her. 

She slammed on the brakes, but she slid and it was already too late. Her airbag poofed out from the steering wheel. She had been wearing her seatbelt, so she wasn't hurt that badly, just a few cuts and bruises. As the car stopped, the rain let up. What luck.

Jennifer got out of her car. The black Mercedes was bad, but not too bad. The damage to the Jetta was minimal, but it's driver, a fat, pimply kid no more than seventeen or eighteen was wide-eyed and hysterical as he emerged from his vehicle. 

"G-goddamnit!" he stuttered. "I-I love this car! I just s-started p-paying for this car! Y-you fucking b-bitch!" He was turning so red that his zits were barely visible, and Jennifer was tempted to stand there, arms folded, and wait till he exploded. But there was no time for that.

Jennifer looked over her shoulder. Traffic in their lane was already at a standstill for miles back, but she could still see the blue and red police lights in the distance. She had to get away, and there wasn't much time. 

She took out her checkbook and wrote a check for the boy. "I think this will take care of everything."

The boy took the check, and his jaw dropped when he saw the amount. 

"Damn," he said. Impossibly, his bug eyes grew even wider. "This is more than I make in a year!"

"I'm sure. It will be enough, yes?" Running out of time...

"Hell yeah! I could buy three J-Jettas with this!"

"Good. Then go do that, but there's one condition. You can't go to the police."

"Lady, as soon as I know the check's cashable, you w-won't know I even exist."

"That's great. Your car's drivable. Get going."

Without another word, the kid got in his car and sped away. But that little dialogue had cost her precious time. She got into her Mercedes and merged back into traffic. 

The road was slick, as it tends to be after a light rain. It's actually the most dangerous after a light rain than it is after a heavier rain; the water mixes with the oil on the road and causes cars to hydroplane. Being the daughter of the man who owned the largest Mercedes car dealership in the country, she would know about this. But she paid no attention to it now, and risked getting into another accident by beginning to speed again. 

But Jennifer wouldn't get another chance to get away. Something under the hood was smoking, and by now the cop that was pursuing her was right behind her. The last thing she wanted was to get into another accident, so she gave up the ghost and pulled over. Hopefully the cop would understand her dilemma once he found out who she was. She hoped it was a he, anyway.

*** 

The rookie cop got out, gun drawn. He walked up to the Mercedes cautiously, hoping that the person inside was not armed. What had started out as a routine traffic stop had turned into a full-blown chase in a matter of seconds. What he didn't understand is why the driver didn't pull over when he'd made the signal. It was only a traffic violation. If this person was driving a Mercedes, then they could afford a damned traffic ticket. He sighed. Why did people want to make his job so difficult? 

The cop tapped on the mirror-tinted window of the Mercedes. Those are illegal, he thought to himself. The entire front end of the car was totaled and letting off a foul smelling smoke. It was a wonder how they even got it to crank up, let alone try to get away again. 

The driver side power window slid down. Slowly the view changed from that of his own reflection to the face of a beautiful woman. 

The cop was taken aback at her beauty for a split second. She had beautiful, silky black hair, sparkling deep green eyes, and beautifully tanned skin. But it was only for a split second, and then he remembered his job. 

"May I see your license, registration, and insurance?" He asked, in as stern a cop voice as he could muster.

"What seems to be the problem, officer?" the girl asked. 

The cop was almost speechless. "Wha--? Um, Ma'am, I'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle, and keep your hands where I can see them."

"Ok, I will," she said. "But only if you promise not to shoot me." Those lips. So full and luscious, the cop almost wanted to kiss them. Damn, working all the time sure left little time for anything else. He was horny, but he couldn't let that affect his job. 

The girl stepped out of the car, wearing a knee length strapless green summer dress, one that showed off all her curves perfectly. She had a beautiful body, but the feature that stood out was her ass. The girl had ass for days. 

***

Jennifer got out of her car and smoothed out her dress, and took a look at the young police officer as he re-holstered his gun. He was beautiful. Tall and dark skinned, with brown eyes and straight white teeth, she guessed he was of Hispanic origin. His biceps rippled out of the short sleeves of his uniform. Really a fine specimen of a man. She also noticed how the cop was ogling her, just as shamelessly. 

"So, what's the problem, officer...? Nuñez?" 

"What's the problem?" He asked incredulously. "Take a look at the front end of your car, for one. Also you were speeding. I clocked you at 123 mph. At the most you would have received a traffic citation, but now I'm going to have to bring you in on reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident, and evading a police officer," Nuñez said.

"What? Bring me in where?"

"To the station," he said, and began reading her Miranda rights to her. "You have the right to remain silent..."

"Hold up. Do you know who I am?" Jennifer asked. "I'm Jennifer Solomos, of Solomos Mercedes? You really don't have to go through with all this. My father will see to it that you are compensated for your trouble."

Nuñez couldn't believe his ears. Was he being bribed? "Compensated? Are you trying to bribe me, miss?"

"Bribe is such a harsh word. I'd rather say it was a gift for your kindness." She took out her checkbook and wrote yet another check. Her father wouldn't miss the money, not at all. And spending it was a helluva lot better than spending the night in jail. 

"Ma'am, you really don't need to--" 

"Nonsense. Here, take this and we can call it a day, hmm?"

Nuñez took the check, and his eyes widened nearly as much as the pimply kid's did earlier, but only for a split second. He ripped the check in two and stuffed the pieces in his pocket. 

"Ma'am I'm going to need to restrain you." He grabbed her by the shoulder and swung her around, taking both her wrists in one big hand and cuffing them behind her back. 

Jennifer couldn't believe this. "What? What are you doing? Get your filthy hands off of me! Do you know who I am? My father will have your head for this!" She struggled against the cop's grip, but it was useless. It was more likely that her father would have her head. Getting arrested was also a deal-breaker in her inheritance contract. Bad publicity was not good for the family business. She had to get out of this somehow.

"Do I need to charge you with resisting arrest as well?" Nuñez asked calmly. 

"No." Jennifer said. 

"Good girl."

The cop put Jennifer into the squad car, holding her head down roughly as he did. The handcuffs hurt Jennifer's wrists and she really wished that he would have some sort of sympathy towards her.

***

The cop ran his fingers to his silky black hair as drove down to the station. Some nerve this chick had, trying to bribe him. He could not be bought, for any price. But one thing he wished was that he and Jennifer could have met under other circumstances. Now he wouldn't have a snowball's chance in hell of scoring with her. Not that he had time to, anyway. Being a rookie cop, his schedule was frantic; it seemed as if he was always on the go.

When they arrived downtown at the police station, it was deserted. Not a squad car in sight. His shift was about to be over, so he decided to park his squad car in the overnight garage. For a moment, Nuñez wondered what the deal was. Then he remembered that the annual Diversity Night Parade celebration was happening tonight, and would last into the wee hours of the morning. It was something that the mayor started to celebrate the city's diversity. Almost the whole of his district was assigned crowd control duty. Only the desk-job veterans and rookie cops like him were doing city patrol. When he signed on to be a police officer, he didn't expect to be a traffic cop. But a job like this was only a rung on the ladder, and so he took it without much lip. 

He got out of the car, and pulled on the door handle. As soon as the door's safety was released, the door burst open, and Jennifer Solomos jumped out, furious and holding the handcuffs with one hand.

"Wha—what?" Nuñez was flabbergasted. "How'd you get out of those?"

"What, these?" Jennifer said, holding up the handcuffs. The silvery metal glinted in the streetlight. "It's a trick an old friend taught me. But never mind that, eh? What do you say you let me go, I'll call my father and we can forget all about this?" 

"Absolutely not; give me my handcuffs."

"Why? So you can put them on my wrists again? That really hurt, you know."

"It's supposed to," Nuñez retorted. "You're a criminal."

"Criminal? I hardly think so," Jennifer said. "You could've just let me go and thought nothing of it."

"You're old enough to know that that's not the way things work." He reached for the handcuffs and pulled hard, retrieving them easily. Jennifer's reflexes and strength were no match for his.

***

Jennifer was running out of both time and options. Pretty soon this cop was going to arrest her, and she'd be in jail, with heaven knows what kind of people. If she wanted out, she'd have to call her father, and if he found out she was in jail, if anybody found out she'd been in jail, she'd lose her money. She couldn't allow that to happen. She tried to make a run for it, but he quickly caught her by the arm, securing her body against the car with his.

"Whoa-oh-oh, where do you think you're going?"

"You don't understand. I cannot get arrested. It will mess up my inheritance."

"Inheritance? You some kind of princess or something?"

"I told you who I am; Jennifer Solomos. My dad owns all of the Solomos Mercedes dealerships. I know you've seen the commercials."

"So you think just because you're some spoiled little rich girl that you can get away with anything?" Nuñez said, narrowing his eyes. He detested these types; he'd gone out with a few high-maintenance chicks, and all they turned out to be was trouble.

"No, I was just thinking maybe we could work out some sort of agreement," Jennifer said, a hint of desperation in her voice. "Listen, I'll do anything if you let me go. Anything you want me to do, I'll do. Just please let me go. Please."

Their bodies were so close in the deserted garage that Jennifer could smell his mint-fresh breath, could feel his heartbeat and the cold metal of his badge as it pressed into her skin. She couldn't believe she was about to do what she was thinking about doing, but if it meant she'd be able to keep her money, then she'd do it.

"You thought wrong," Nuñez said. "We can't work anything out. I don't want you to do anything for me, except turn around and let me put these cuffs back on."

"No, I can't do it."

"What do you mean you can't do it?"

"You're leaning on me." Jennifer said, giggling.

"Yeah?" Nuñez asked. Seeing those smiling green eyes revealed to him something about her personality that he'd missed before. She may or may not be a spoiled brat, but she was definitely beautiful. And leaning his body on her like this felt like it fit. It fit so well that he could feel his cock harden in his tight uniform pants. 

Jennifer noticed the change in him immediately. "Are you sure you don't want anything?" she asked. Despite her earlier masturbation session, she found herself extremely turned on by this man. 

Nuñez said nothing. He wanted her badly; he wanted to fuck her, to violate her. If this rich girl didn't want to be arrested, then he wouldn't do it, but he'd make her pay for the privilege. He bent down and kissed her roughly. He stuck his tongue in her mouth and found hers; they intertwined in a dance, intermittently stopping to peck on the lips. 

Nuñez had had enough of kissing. He reached around to the back her neck and pulled the knot loose that was holding her dress up. As the top of her dress fell, he immediately put his mouth on one of her perky tits. They weren't huge, rather smallish actually with large cinnamon brown nipples just two or three shades darker than her olive skin. He licked and sucked on her tit, while she moaned and begged for more.

"Oh you like that, do you, you little slut?"

Jennifer didn't answer; she only moaned and raised one hand in an attempt to put Nuñez's lips back on her nipple.

"Un-unh," Nuñez said. "Answer me. All little sluts like their nipples sucked by strangers. Tell me you like it, like the slut you are."

"Oh yes," Jennifer panted. The truth was she loved having her nipples stimulated. Her pussy was so wet she might cum just from his sucking on them. Again she tried to push his head down.

"Yes what?" He wanted her to say his name.

"Yes...Officer Nuñez," she panted. 

That would do. "That's right," Nuñez said, and went back to sucking. 

This time he went for the other perky breast. He ran his tongue in lazy circles around her nipple, exciting all the sensitive spots there before closing his mouth on he rock hard bud. He ran his hand slowly down her hard, flat tummy, grazed ever so slightly over the top of her pussy, rubbed her lightly through the thin fabric of her dress, causing her to let out a low, guttural moan. She spread her thighs slightly, unconsciously, allowing him full access to her sex if he wanted to take it.
