 He woke up a few hours later, surprised and pleased to still find her in his arms. Her body was wrapped around his, with one leg thrown over his hip. He shifted her gently and laid her back on the bed. He pulled a sheet over her and slowly got up from the bed. He went into the living room and sat down in his recliner. He took a deep breath and inhaled deeply. 

His entire apartment smelled like her. More specifically it smelled like sex. He felt his cock harden against his leg as he drifted off into his thoughts. He finally had gotten what he wanted. He had felt her lips wrapped around his cock and had his cock in her pussy and ass. He slowly wrapped his hand around his cock and stroked it gently. He imagined her standing in front of him, removing her clothes, till she stood before him in her bra and panties. He had memorized every thing about her body. Her moist, red lips; her breasts and the way her panties clung to her pussy and ass. He closed his eyes and continued to stroke his cock.

He didn't hear her quietly walk out of the bedroom. She had been watching him for a few minutes and was getting turned on watching him play with himself. She walked over to him and knelt next to the chair. She lowered her mouth over his cock and sucked him into the warm wetness of her mouth. He gasped and then grabbed a hold of her hair. She laughed softly around his cock and he moaned. He pulled her head up and put a hand under her chin.

"You were supposed to be asleep." She smiled and flicked her tongue out to lick the tip of his cock.

"I don't like sleeping alone. And I definitely won't go back to sleep after watching you play with your cock." She got off her knees and straddled his legs. He slid a hand up along her inside thigh and ran a finger along her slit. She was dripping wet. He put his hands on her hips and lifted her so she was on his lap with her knees on either side of his thighs. He wrapped a hand around his cock to make it stand upright and with the other her guided her over his cock. He gently teased her with the tip as he sucked on her left nipple. She lowered herself and sank onto his cock.

He leaned back and gasped. Her pussy was tighter then it had been earlier in the night. She was so hot and wet and he could feel her juices running down her thighs. She leaned back and he put his hands on her waist to help support her. He watched his cock slide into her pussy. He leaned forward and flicked her nipple with his tongue. He felt it lengthen and harden against his tongue. He sucked it into his mouth and bit it gently. She moaned and put a hand on the back of his head to hold him in place. He nibbled and sucked on her nipple for several minutes as she rode his cock. He felt her pussy tighten around his shaft and he held her still, loving the feeling of the velvety walls of her pussy clutching and sucking at his cock. He thrust into her a few more times and then pulled her off his cock. She tried to sink back down and he looked up at her face. He pulled her face down to his and kissed her gently.

"Get up." She frowned but obeyed. She stood up and he stood as well. He pulled her close and kissed her passionately. He pushed his tongue into her mouth. He pulled back from her. "We need to get showered so I can take you back to your car."

"But I thought I could...."

"Spend the night? Not yet, my sweet. Perhaps another night when we meet up again." She nodded and began to gather her clothes. He felt mildly bad, but he wanted her again in the future and was afraid she wouldn't come back if she spent the night. He watched her bend over to pick up her panties. He pussy was still red and engorged and he felt his pulse quicken. He grabbed her hips and pushed himself against her. He rubbed his cock along her pussy slit. She moaned and wiggled against him. He stepped back and she straightened up again. 

He grabbed her hand and led her into the bathroom. He turned on the shower and let it run for a minute, before leading her inside it. The shower was large, with tiled walls and multiple showerheads. He pinned her against the shower wall with his body, kissing and nibbling on her neck and shoulders. He grabbed her waist, lifting her up as he braced her body against the wall, positioning his cock to plunge inside her pussy. Slowly he let her slide down the wall and onto his waiting cock. He moaned as inch by slow, delicious inch, was buried within her. He held her there for a few moments, savoring the feel of her hot, silky flesh completely wrapped around him. He started thrusting inside of her pussy. She wrapped her legs tighter around him and gripped his shoulders to help by slightly pushing herself up and then sinking back down, trying to get him deeper and deeper inside her pussy. He gripped her ass tighter and pulled her against him, thrusting harder and deeper than before. He feels his balls tighten and quickly pulls her off his cock. He lowers her to the floor just as his cock begins to spurt. She sucked the tip into her mouth and greedily drank his cum. He groaned as he felt each spurt shoot into her mouth. When he finished his cock hung limply between his legs. She ran a finger along the shaft and he grabbed her hand.

"No more tonight." He helped her stand. "You will go to the same club again next Friday night." He led her into the bedroom and helped her dress. "You will obey me completely that night, without hesitation or restraint." She nodded. She sat on the bed as she watched him get dressed. "You will wear a dress, something light weight and sheer, without panties and a bra. I want the whole world to know what you have underneath it and what I will be taking home and having in my bed that night." She blushed. He held out a hand to her and she stood up and took it. "Perhaps I will fuck you, right there on the dance floor. Would you like that?" He pinched a nipple and she gasped.

"Yes." She whispered breathlessly.

"You would like an audience? You want other men and women to see me pounding that delicious pussy of yours?" He took her whole breast in his hand and squeezed it. After everything he had put her body through, she was still incredibly responsive to him.

"Yes. I want you to fuck me in front of other people." He smiled and already his mind was off and running.

"Perhaps. But for now, you are mine and mine alone." He led her into the living room and got his car keys. He led her out into the hall and then down to his car. The drive back to the club was quiet. She looked as though she was lost in her thoughts. Her nipples stood out, erect from the constant stimulation he was giving them. Once in the parking lot she pointed out her car. She got out and she had to go around his car to get to hers. She leaned down to the open window and he slid a hand inside her shirt and bra.

"Next time I will have to pay more attention to your breasts." He squeezed a nipple. "Stand and undo your pants for me. I want to say good bye to your pussy." She stood and undid her pants, sliding them down her hips. He leaned close to her pussy and took a deep breath. His tongue slid between her slit and she spread herself open to his probing tongue. He flicked it across her clit a few times and then leaned back. He had considered making her orgasm, but he wanted to leave her wanting more. "Close your pants." She did so and then leaned back down to the window. He pulled her head close for a kiss and she licked his lips. 

"Be here next Friday, exactly as I told you, or you will never see me again." He drove away. He watched her in the mirror, staring after his car. He smiled, knowing he would see her next Friday and have control her body again, no matter how she was dressed.