 Zoe was working second shift at the coffee shop that was inside the local book store, and was excited to see Tristan coming in that day, hoping that he was there mostly to see her. They had chatted a few times, and Zoë thought he was cute but didn't know if he was into her. Tristan came in and saw Zoë making mocha for the only customer that was in the coffee shop. He walked over to her and asked for her to make him one as well. Zoë smiled and said "sure thing."

Tristan asked her when she was going to go on break. She said 

"In about 10 minutes, why do you ask?" He said "well if you're up for it come sit with me for a bit." Zoë smiled as she got goose bumps all over her body.

Zoë was wearing a button up purple blouse that showed just how perky her breasts were and a black mini skirt that showed the curve of her ass. Her hair was brown with red high lights, and it came to her mid back. Tristan thought she had the prettiest blue eye he had ever seen, thinking they were like the deep blue ocean. As she walked over he could feel his cock getting hard. She sat down across from him, sipping on her coffee. 

"So how has work been Tristan?" She asked him. 

"Well you know same old same old." Tristan said. "How have things been with you?" Tristan asked. 

"Just been working and hanging out at home. Been pretty bored lately." Zoë replied. 

"Maybe I can help you with that." Said Tristan

Zoë smiled and softly licked her lips and said "maybe I will take you up on that." 

They sat there and chatted for a few more minutes, and soon after that Kim came in to start her shift, though Zoë still had two more hours before she would get off work. So she stayed sitting there with Tristan while Kim got clocked in and put away her bag. Soon enough, Zoë had to go to the bathroom from all the coffee she had drank since her shift started. She told Tristan she would be back, to which he gave her a little grin and said 

"If you need some help let me know." He smiled at her as she got up and walked to the restroom, making sure she put a little extra wiggle in her walk, knowing that his eyes were glued to her ass. 

She stopped after a few steps and turned around and said "you know the way!" 

Zoë went into the restroom and took care of her business, and as she was washing her hands, the door opened up and Tristan walked in. He walked up to Zoë from behind and started to kiss her neck, slipping his hands around her waist and sliding them up, caressing and rubbing her breasts, feeling her nipples get hard under his hands. She could feel his cock growing harder and harder against her ass as Tristan slowly moved his hand down to her thighs, sliding her little black shirt up to expose her perfect round ass. She was wearing lacy black thongs that made her ass looks so good, and Tristan kept his eyes glued to her ass as he moved his hands up to undo her blouse, reveling her breasts, so firm and perky. He was so turned on that she was not wearing a bra. He dropped her blouse to the floor and turned her around kissing her lips so softly, while she began to rub his hard cock through his pants as he kissed her down to her breasts, taking first one nipple, then the other into his mouth. He slowly moved his hand up her skirt and pulled down her thong, taking a moment to admire her shaved pussy and getting even harder from looking at her juices dripping from her. He picked her up and sat her on the counter and moved his hands up her inner thighs and rubbed her clit softly at first, then slightly harder, letting her body language guide him, while she moaned softly. 

He got down on his knees and started to lick her pussy, moving his tongue all around her clit, sucking and licking. Zoë moaned louder, as she could feel her juices coming out and into his mouth. He slid one finger in slowly and then a second one, while he continued sucking and nibbling on her clit. Moving his fingers down, he started to rub her asshole, slowly sliding a finger in. She wanted to feel him inside of her so badly. She grabs his head and pulls him up to her and kisses him, tasting her own juices on his tongue. She reached down and unbuttoned his pants, and pulled his fully erect cock out. She got down from the counter, pushing him against the wall, and sliding to her knees, and wraps her soft lips around his cock, massaging his balls as she slid her mouth up and down his shaft. Using her tongue she traced the head of his cock, moving slowly and then fast, making him want to explode in her mouth. 

He pulls her to her feet and kisses her passionately. She melts in his arm. She whispers in his ear 

"I want to feel you inside of me." 

Tristan picks her up holding, and holds her between him and the wall. He slides his big hard cock into her tight, hot, wet pussy. She moaned with excitement, as he moved slowly while he his holding her up with his big strong arms, taking turns kissing her neck and her lips as he slides his cock deep inside her. He takes his cock out and puts her down, then guides her over to the sink and bends her over the counter. Tristan rubs her ass checks and says

"God your ass is perfect, so soft and round." 

He then slides his cock back into her pussy, moving faster. She could feel his balls hitting her clit and it felt so good to her. He kept fucking her from behind and soon began to take his finger and play with her asshole again. Zoë know he is going to make her cum, and cum hard. No man has ever made her feel this good. As he slid a finger in her ass, she moaned loudly. She does not care at this point if someone walks in. 

"Tristan, god your cock feels so damn good." She moans again as he's fingering her ass and fucking her hot pussy.

"I want to feel you cum all over my hard cock!" 

He began to fuck her pussy harder and faster, still playing in her asshole, and soon he could feel her pussy getting tighter around his cock. He knows she is going to explode her hot juices all over him. 

"Fuck me harder, Oh god yes, that's it baby!" 

He keeps pounding away not sure if he can hold out much longer. She yells out with pleasure as she cums all over his cock, trembling with the best orgasm she's ever had. Smiling at her in the mirror, Tristan said 

"I want to cum in your ass" 

"It's ready for you." she replied. 

Tristan takes his hard, wet cock out of her pussy and rubs the head of it on her asshole, slowly spreading her own juices on her ass to lube the way. He slowly starts to slide it in her asshole, an inch at a time, giving her time to get used to the feel of his big cock, and it feels so good. He had in half way in when she starts to rub her pussy, and she can already feel herself about to cum again. He keeps moving in and out until she has all of him in her ass. He begins to move faster as she plays with her pussy. 

"Damn girl you feel so good." he says to her. 

"You're going to make me cum!" He says. 

"Oh god yes, please cum in my ass!!" she moaned.

As he moves faster and harder, she can feel his cock about to explode in her, swelling to an ever greater size tan it already was. She is so turned on, and she desperately wants to cum with him. 

"Oh god Tristan you're going to make me cum again." She cried.

He is pounding away and his balls are hitting her pussy, adding even more stimulation to her clit. 

"Tell me when Zoë, I want to cum with you." 

They both moan loudly together. 

"Oh god, cum in my ass!" 

They both came at the same time. As they stand there his cock still in her ass, trying to catch their breath. Someone knocks on the bathroom door. 

"Hey Zoë are you almost done in there?" Kim asked from the other side of the door. 

"Um yeah, is everything OK?" She said to Kim. 

"Yeah but we can hear you two out here." 

Both Tristan and Zoë laughed as they cleaned themselves up and got dressed. Tristan grabbed Zoë and kissed her long and soft. She loved the feeling of his lips on hers. He looked at her and said "I would really like to see you again, can I take you out for dinner, let's say Thursday night?" 

"Sorry Tristan I have to work, but I'm free Sunday." 

He looked into her beautiful eyes and said "It's a date." Good how about I meet you here, say about 7 pm?" He kissed her again just as they walked out the bathroom, and said "I will see you then."