 The faint click of the lock opening was nothing at all compared to the sound of her soft sigh as she opened the door after a long, exhausting day at work. In fact it seemed to take forever to carry the groceries into the kitchen and put everything away. Today had been the day from hell, everything that could go wrong at work, had. She really hated Mondays.

"What a day! I need a long, hot shower, and", she glanced at the clock on the counter, "he'll be here in a couple of hours."

It took less time than one would imagine to undress and pull on a silky robe. The thought of hot water washing away the miserable day was the only thing on her mind as she slipped out of the robe and hung it on the hook outside the linen closet door. Reaching in, she turned the shower dial to warm and closed the large glass door to hold back the warm spray.

Humming softly as she took out two towels, one to twist up the mass of wet curls and one to wrap around her petite body in place of the robe. By the time she grabbed the new bottle of shampoo, steam was already rising over the top of the glass walls. 

Once she moved under the cascading spray, a sigh of pleasure slipped past her lips as the stinging water met her shoulders and back. It felt good, and she bent her head, letting it rain down on her.

In fact it felt so good she didn't hear the bathroom door open, or the sound of his clothes falling onto the floor. She was so lost in the steamy water that the sound of the shower enclosure door opening and closing never even registered.

He tipped the silky shower gel into the palm of one hand and rubbed both together before reaching out to slide them across her shoulders. A smile curved his lips as a startled gasp echoed around them. She stiffened and one hand quickly reached for the foamy back-brush.

As she was turning he caught her raised wrist and pulled her into his arms. The kiss was slow and sensuous, any air remaining in her lungs left in a rush as his free hand cupped and squeezed one rosy pink cheek.

The kiss was easy to recognize. She murmured his name and the brush fell to the floor with a thud. Rubbing her wet body against his, she moaned at the feel of his cock pushing between her slightly parted thighs. Tilting her head back, she grinned up at him.

"You're early. I wasn't expecting you for another hour or so."

"I had my secretary reschedule the last meeting. I couldn't get your voice out of my head, so I thought I'd come over early and take advantage of the free time it gave me. You don't mind, do you?"

She raised up on tiptoe and gave him another lingering kiss, swirling the tip of her tongue around his lips before easing back down again. This time with his cock firmly caught between her legs. A wicked little smile crossed her face as she rocked her hips, causing his cock to slip back and forth along the wet lips of her sex.

"Wash my back and maybe I won't mind."

With that she turned around and bent over, placing her hands on the flat seat that lined one end of the oversized shower enclosure. As he watched, she spread her legs and bent even more, so that her pussy was displayed perfectly, right before his eyes. Reaching between her legs, he pushed a long finger into the moist slit, growling as she moaned and the muscles tightened around the tip of his finger.

"Does my good girl need to be fucked?" he hissed as he bent over her back.

"oh gdd yess, please fuck me" she whimpered.

He pushed both hands between her thighs and forced them wider. One hand began to tap insistently against her clit, and the other to tease around the entrance to her hot little tunnel. Soon her knees were shaking, and she moaned helplessly.

"Aren't you glad I arrived early today, dear?" he murmured.

Her ability to answer was lost and all she could respond with were moans and whimpering cries. Her body shivered as his finger entered and retreated over and over again. Suddenly there was a shattering scream as her body convulsed in his hands. A pleased smile crossed his face and he held her while streams of her creamy juices dripped across his fingers.

He pressed a kiss against the small of her back. Then after making sure she could stand on her own, he gathered a palm full of her cum and began to smear it over the little star revealed when his hands parted her ass cheeks. He guided his throbbing cock to the tight little ring and slowly pushed past the outer rim. She shuddered but didn't protest at all. If anything, she began to slowly push back.

"That's my good girl." he growled and began to slowly pump his cock in and out.

She groaned and began to sway her hips slowly from side to side. This helped him push deeper and he reached up under her body to capture a breast in each hand. Squeezing the firm globes, his fingers finding and teasing the puckered nipples until she began to beg for more.

"Please, don't stop. I need your cum. Please fuck my ass. Oh please fuck my ass."

He didn't need the encouragement, his balls were already screaming for release, but he still liked hearing the sound of her lust filled husky voice beg for his cum. Releasing her nipples, his hands grasped her hips in a bruising grip and he began to pound against her ass in a merciless rhythm.

His eyes were drawn from the slick, glistening skin of her back to the sight of his cock, shiny with her cum, sliding faster with each stroke into her tight little asshole. Each time his balls slapped against her swollen lips, the vibration made it hard to think.

Determined to hold on as long as he possibly could, he started to slow down, but suddenly her hands pushed against the seat, and her back arched to meet his every thrust. She stiffened just before another piercing scream broke loose and her body jerked wildly, twisting under his assault. He almost howled as the muscles fastened onto his cock and jerked him to a shattering orgasm right along with her.

It was several minutes before they could do more than lean against the cool tiles, panting weakly. Finally he struggled upright and pulled her out of the way so he could drop onto the seat and pull her onto his lap. She wrapped her arms around him and lay her head limply on his shoulder.

"I love when you take off early."

"So do I, Dear, so do I."