 Scott telephoned Trudy at home and made a date to take in the County Fair the next evening. 

Arriving at Trudy's the next evening, she greeted him at the door wearing a tiny, light blue, crop top that was just a narrow band of elastic material stretched across her large, firm breasts. Her midriff was bare and she had on a loose, flared micro-mini, skirt. 

Scott was standing at the door when, Trudy deliberately walked slowly, swaying her narrow hips, toward Scott. The little, blue skirt flipped around the tops of her slim legs showing glimpses of her sheer, white, peek-a-boo panties. 

She could feel a warm dampness developing in her pussy along with a tightness in her pelvis, as she allowed the hem of her skirt to bounce up high on her tanned thighs. 

Scott looked down at her firm breasts straining beneath the tight band of her top. Since she didn't have on a bra, he could see the outline of her large nipples poking out against the thin fabric. His cock, quite erect now, began to stir and push against his trousers. 

Scott and Trudy left the apartment and got into his car. Trudy slid over the bench seat and sat very close to Scott as he drove.

She slowly uncrossed her long legs, allowing the short, loose skirt to ride even higher on her bare thighs, exposing the tiny crack of her swollen pussy beneath the filmy, white strip of her panties.

"Do you like to look up my skirt, at my legs, --- and my little pussy?" Trudy asked him, as she leaned back in the seat and crossed her legs. Scott could feel his hard cock straining under his jeans as Trudy playfully uncrossed her long, tanned legs, giving Scott another fleeting glimpse of her tiny pussy, just barely visible under her sheer, peek-a-boo, white panties. 

"Do you like my legs?" she asked, rubbing her hand lightly along the tops of her thighs. Her loose skirt lay on her delectably naked legs, near her young pussy.

"You have beautiful legs." Scott answered, looking at the tanned skin of her thighs, as she slowly, brought her hand along the smooth skin to the hem of her skirt.

It was dark when they arrived at the fair and the many colored lights were brilliant against the night sky. The first ride Trudy saw was the large Ferris Wheel. After standing in line for their turn Scott and Trudy got in one of the cars. 

Scott got in first and Trudy stepped up on the platform and leaning forward, she slid past Scott. Her little skirt rode up past her narrow hips, revealing her little, round buttocks covered only the very sheer, white panties, just inches from Scott's face. His hard cock jerked in his pants as he watched the dark crack of her pink pussy lips peeking through the stretched filmy panties, as she made her way and sat down next to him.

The ride started and as they went up, Trudy sat closer to Scott. His cocked throbbed as she brushed her hand across his lap, rubbing his engorged member. He could feel her hot skin through the thin material of her skirt, which drove him to an intense state of arousal. His erect penis painfully pushed against his confining trousers, driving him crazy with lust. 

"Your cock is sooo hard, will you take it out? Nobody will see, Scott." Trudy said, teasingly, as the large wheel brought them up high over the colored lights of the fair.

Scott unzipped his pants and reaching in, he drew out his greatly engorged cock. The hard, veined shaft pointed straight up, supporting his large, purple colored head. He stroked the shaft up and down a couple of times in his fist, as he stared at Trudy's soft thighs. He reached in his pants again and withdrew his massive balls, laying them on his jeans, outside the zipper.

Trudy looked at Scott's hard cock with her red lips parted, she let her fingers drift across her soft abdomen and lingered, stroking around her naval. Her skin was warm and soft. Her fingers, slowly wandered past her tiny waist, to the hem of her little skirt. Her fingers wandered under the hem of her little skirt to the supple, downy, blond hairs of her pussy, covered only by the flimsy white panties. She brushed at her little mound and drifted to the yielding, soft skin of her vagina. 

Scott's cock throbbed in the night air as she slowly rubbed the dampening, loose flesh of her vaginal lips through the wispy panties until her pussy became dripping wet from the excitement of her sex. Reaching past the elastic border, she slowly inserted her index finger into the warm wetness and began pushing the digit in and out. Trudy enjoyed the warm feeling of her wet pussy as she massaged the wet walls surrounding her probing finger. 

Scott's cock throbbed wildly, pointing straight up, as he watched Trudy tease him with her finger inside her barely covered pussy

"Ohhhh" she breathed, as her finger began to push faster and faster, working her wet pussy into a lather, the giant wheel bringing them downward, past the crowd of bystanders.

Then suddenly, as her breathing become more rapid, she arched her back and opened her legs to allow her probing finger to penetrate her slippery pussy even more. Her full, heaving breasts shook wildly under the thin crop top, as her nipples poked seductively at Scott, 

Nearing orgasm, Trudy quickly inserted her middle finger past the elastic border of her filmy panties, into the warm wetness, the great wheel bringing them back to the top, high above the colored lights. Scott watched her as her two fingers pushed deep into her vagina and then, she pressed her hand against the soft covered entrance, rubbing the soft, pliant flesh through her little panties until she came. 

Breathing heavily, she relaxed, as her tight pussy squeezed her fingers rhythmically. The Ferris wheel was coming to a stop while a warm rush came over her whole body, as she sat there looking at Scott's huge, aching cock.

Quickly, Scott put his engorged cock back in his pants and helped Trudy out of the Ferris Wheel car. 

Trudy and Scott went towards the Tunnel of Love and Trudy stood in front of Scott on the stairway leading to the train of cars 

Trudy flushed as she wondered if he could see up her skirt and her soaked pussy, barely covered by the white transparent strip of her panties. 

Scott watched the petit, blond girl in her high heel sandals and little mini-skirt as she stood waiting for their turn in the tunnel of love. Wiggling her cute, little, draped ass as she shifted her weight from one leg to the other, the cool night breeze played with the hem of her thin, short skirt. His eyes locked on the back of her soft thighs, occasionally seeing a glint of her little ass cheeks, peeping through the filmy panties. 

Taking their seats in a car, the train started to roll down the track and entered through the door of the tunnel

"Do you think I'm sexy?", she whispered, as she lowered her hand on his throbbing member in the darkness. 

"Oh yes, Trudy." he moaned, as he wrapped his hands around her tiny waist and pulled her tight against him, crushing her firm breasts to his chest. Then he kissed her passionately. His tongue probed into her mouth, brushing her soft, wet tongue.

She continued to gently rub the hidden, engorged cock, as it jerked against her hand. 

Trudy moaned as she was being kissed by Scott and then pushed him back, looking at the twitching tent in his pants in the dim light of the tunnel.

"Can I see it, Scott, it's so hard." she cooed, as she returned her hand to stroke the flicking bulge. 

Scott took out his hard cock and large balls again and reached for Trudy. He rubbed her nipples through her thin top, rolling the firm nipples in his fingers. He watched her, as she moaned at the feel of his immense, richly veined cock and the enormous testicles that lay on top of his pants.

Then Trudy picked up the large, hard cock and held it in her cool hand. Pulling on the engorged shaft, she could feel at the tip, a drop of lubricating wetness forming on the little, deep hole at the end. She ran her thumb across the open tip and dragged the slippery lubricant around the hot, swollen head. 

As the train rumbled slowly through the dark tunnel, she bent down to his throbbing penis and pulled the head deep into her warm, wet mouth. Pulling it out again she began stroking the wet shaft, letting it slide wetly through her fingers. 

As the ride was nearing the end, Trudy reached under skirt and pulled off her little white panties and wiped off Scott's cock with them. Handing Scott the soft material he put it in his pocket and pushed his erect cock into his pants.

"I would like a Coke, Scott." Trudy said , as they left the tunnel area. 

"Why don't you save us a seat here, while I go get us a couple Cokes." she said, smiling, pointing to a bench near the Coke stand.

Scott welcomed the chance to sit on the bench, as his hardness was getting unbearable from the teasing Trudy had done in the tunnel.

Scott watched her walk toward the concession stand. He reached into his pocket and pulled the soft material out. Scott cocked throbbed violently as he saw it was Trudy's little, white panties. He realized she must have taken them off in the tunnel, while she sucked on his cock.

Scott watched Trudy walk to the Coke stand. The back of her legs were deliciously exposed, as the skirt slid over her little round ass, stopping abruptly at he tops of her soft, slim thighs. His hard cock jerked as he squeezed the panties and thought about her little, pink pussy, naked without panties, underneath her brief little mini-skirt.

Trudy's breasts shook wildly in the thin elastic band of her top, as her inflamed nipples pushed against the soft material, while she walked to the nearby concession stand. 

A cool, night breeze was gently blowing against her and she noticed how it would occasionally pick up the loose hem of her flared mini-skirt, exposing the little, white cheeks of her soft buttocks and the blond hairs on her swollen pussy. She loved the feeling on her bare breasts as they bounced under the soft material of her narrow, blue top, as she walked. Her nipples brushed against the soft fabric, tingling from the constant friction. Her ass lightly jiggled and swayed back and forth with every step, showing glimpses of the supple flesh of her little, round bottom peeking out at the top of her legs. 

Next, they went to a shooting range and Trudy was having trouble holding the heavy rifle steady. Scott stood behind her and helped her hold the gun.

Trudy pushed her little ass against the throbbing bulge in Scott's pants as he helped her take aim.

Then she felt Scott's fingers travel up under her skirt, touching the sparse, blond hair at he opening of her naked sex. She gasped as her breathing quickened at the persistent rubbing near her little, wet pussy. 

The rifle cracked as she hit a bottle lined along the wall of the arcade. Scott's hand continued up the back of her little skirt and rested on the firm, fleshy cheeks of her little ass, naked under the very short skirt. 

The rifle cracked again, missing the bottles as she took a deep breath. Scott squeezed the warm, firm globes of her cheeks. She pushed her little bare ass against his hand as he rubbed the soft, warm flesh under her skirt. 

As Scott helped her take aim, she felt his other hand drift back down the deep valley between her soft, round cheeks to her now, very hot pussy. His fingers lingered there, before they probed into the warm, slippery, wetness inside her. 

As his fingers rubbed between the wet, outer lips of Trudy's pussy, she moaned softly, firing a round and hitting another bottle. Unconsciously, she pushed her little bottom rhythmically against the probing hand. 

Visiting the stable of horses, they saw a pair of Tarpon ponies mating in the stall. 

"It makes me horny to see horses do that." she said, whispering, as she breathed into his ear.

The incredibly horny Scott looked into her soft, brown eyes, his cock jerking wildly against the restraining border of his slacks. Her face was soft and pretty he thought, as he gazed at her small features, framed by her silky, blond hair hanging loosely over her shoulders. 

She lingered close to him for a moment, noticing the tent like bulge twitching in his pants. With her mouth slightly open, she softly kissed his mouth.

Scott brought his hands down to Trudy's little waist and across her hips, pausing at he tops of her bare leg. Rubbing the soft skin there for a moment, he continued up her little skirt and felt the sexy smooth skin just above the entrance to her pink, wet pussy.

Trudy moaned as Scott stroked the warm, bare skin above her pussy and delved into the warm wetness in between her thighs.

Leaving the stable they made their way back to the parking lot. In the darkness, Trudy stood at the door of the car, as Scott reached to unlock the door. Trudy drew his face close to hers, running her soft, cool fingers down his cheeks.

"I love the way you look at me when I wear short skirts and high heels." she whispered, as she stroked his cheek. 

Trudy reached down to Scott's hard cock and, in the darkness of the parking lot, she opened his fly and took out his aching, hard cock. Bending down she took his engorged member into her warm wet mouth, stroking the firm shaft with her soft fingers.

The incredible sensation of Trudy's hot mouth sucking on the head of Scott's cock and now, the gently stroking of her soft hand was just too much and suddenly, Scott pulled Trudy hard against him and pushed his hard shaft against her bare pussy, under her skirt.

"Ohh!" moaned Scott, as his cock jerked against her wet pussy, still in her hand. His hands squeezed the fleshy globes of her ass under her short skirt.

Then Scott lifted Trudy, sitting her on the hood of the car. He then, bent over to kiss her at the tops of her soft thighs. Burying his face under her skirt on her soft thighs he kissed the warm, damp skin at her pussy. 

Scott licked hungrily at Trudy's pussy, as she pushed her hot, bare slit to his mouth, grinding on his tongue in small circles. As his tongue separated the warm, wet lips pressed against him, she held the hem of her skirt above his head. 

Trudy spread her legs, enjoying the gentle licking at her open pussy and relaxed. She stroked his hair as he gently kissed and licked her pussy.

"Oh, Scott, your so big." she whispered as she wrapped her hand around his hard penis. The engorged cocks felt hot in her cool, soft hand as she stroked the hard, veined staff.

Pushing Scott's head away from her wet pussy, she jumped down and bent over to suck on his organ again. She then, opened her mouth widely and breathed on the swollen head of his throbbing penis. Bringing the cock deep into her mouth, she began sucking gently on the swollen member. Her tongue flicked over the sensitive hole at the tip as she sucked slowly. 

Scott moaned again, as she tightened her wet lips around his hard shaft and slowly, dragged the rigid penis out of her mouth. Squeezing the hard, red cock firmly at the base, she licked up and down the length of the large blue vein at the underside of his firm shaft. As Trudy licked along the head and down the sides, she held the rigid cock, tightly at the base. Then she took the engorged organ into her mouth and began to gently pull his cock up and down with her soft hand, clenched tightly around the base of the thick, veined shaft.

Trudy pulled away, her red lips, wet from the kissing of Scott's huge organ. Her long, blond hair hung softly over her small, pretty face.

Standing again, she pulled down the elastic band of her top across her heaving breasts, causing the full breasts to pop out and jiggle provocatively in the moonlight. With her hand, gently massaging the engorged head of his cock, she placed her other hand under her breast, lifting it up to him. 

"Wouldn't you like to suck on my little nipple for a while, Scott?" she asked, as she lifted her soft, succulent breast up to his face. 

The nipple stood erect and inviting as the excited Scott bent over to take the hard knob into his mouth. As he sucked on her yielding titty, she massaged his cock faster, squeezing the swollen head as it passed, back and forth through her soft fingers. 

Trudy took her hand away from Scott's throbbing cock and asked him, 

"Do you mind that I took off my panties, Scott?" as she raised the hem of her skirt up past her waist. The soft blond hair glistened in the moonlight

"I like to feel the cool air right here." she stated in her seductive girlish voice, as she put her finger on the soft skin covering her clitoris, rubbing it up and down. 

"It makes my little clit hard" she added, rubbing the top of the crack on her soft, pink pussy. "Can we do it right here, from behind?." 

"Do you want to stick your cock back in my little pussy, Scott?" she asked in a baby voice, lightly touching the swollen head in her hand.

"Scott, please do it from behind." she breathed, her face, soft and blond with red tinged cheeks, from her sexual excitement.

Turning around, she bent over the front fender of the car, her face lay against the cool, metal hood. Her tantalizing ass was completely naked, white in the reflection of the moon. Her little, blue skirt lay on top of her naked, upturned cheeks.

Scott squeezed her soft, little ass in his hands. He pushed his swollen cock against the wet, open, pink pussy, entering her easily. He slid along the slippery wetness, deep into her. Then he rhythmically pumped the little pussy, rubbing her soft ass cheeks around in his hands. 

Then, he rammed his cock, deep into her, and pounded against her horny pussy again and again. He continued to ram her hot sex, faster and faster, until he suddenly stiffened, and with a loud moan, the ramming head of his cock exploded and gushed hot come inside her. 

Trudy moaned loudly as she felt Scott's cock pumping her in the parking lot. The sudden hot wetness of his gushing semen made her come with him. The walls of her pussy closed in tight, around the big, spurting cock and rhythmically pumped the jerking penis inside her.

After a minute, he withdrew his wet, spent cock and Trudy turned around again, facing him. She knelt down in front of him and very gently, sucked on his softening organ, while gently massaging his large balls.

Scott and Trudy left the county fair happy that they had a wonderful time. They laughed about what they did, and what if someone had come by and seen them.