 The plane lifted off 30 minutes late from LaGuardia. That didn't bother me at all. I was headed to London for three days so 30 minutes here or there was no big deal. I was going to London at the request of the police commissioner to participate in a joint drug trafficking seminar. It seems that the high ups of NYPD thought it would be good for me to attend.

I'm John Larson. I am a 39-year old detective with NYPD. I have been on the force 13 years, the last 4 with the drug enforcement division. My assignment is to work closely with the DEA to catch the bad guys who bring drugs into the country. Since most of the drugs coming into the US come thru South America I wasn't sure why I was going to London but I'm on my way. The commissioner and some of the other command staff were scheduled to meet me in London.

I had 7 ½ hours to kill so I settled back in my isle seat and thumbed thru the literature the airlines had provided. That took all of 30 minutes and then I was bored again. Since I didn't have anything better to do I thought I would try to work a little. My seminar materials were in my backpack in the overhead bin. I retrieved it and pulled out the review materials. The materials had the usual seminar schedule showing the date and time of each session and who the guest speaker was for each. I looked thru the schedule and circled the sessions I thought would be most beneficial.

I put the materials in the backpack and decided to grab my headphones and listen to some music. I unzipped the small pocket where I keep my headphones and pulled them out. As I pulled them out, a computer disc came out with them. I didn't remember putting a disc in there but figured I just didn't remember doing it. As I picked it up to put it back in the pocket I looked to see if it was something I recognized. I looked at the front of the case and then instantly pressed it to my chest and hastily looked around to see if anyone else saw it.

When I was sure no one else was looking, I carefully eased it back to where I could see the cover more clearly. On the front cover was a picture of my wife. More accurately, it was a picture of my wife from the waist up. Normally, that wouldn't be concerning. Everyone likes to carry a picture of their wife to share with friends and co-workers. However, I was certain I wouldn't be sharing this one with anyone. You see, in this particular picture she was laying on our bed with her hair fanned out across the pillows...and she was naked. That's right, her beautiful breasts was there is all their glory for all to see. Glancing around one more time to be sure no one else was sharing this special moment with me, I looked again. Across the bottom of the photo it said, "A little something to keep you company".

Now my heart was racing. I eased the disc into the open pocket, zipped it up, and slipped the backpack into the over-head bin. I sat back down and tried to control my imagination as I thought about the possible contents of the disc. We have been married for 10 years. I met her while she was in college. I had been on the force for two years at the time and was working an extra job as security during a football game at the college she attended. She was a senior and a cheerleader. I ran into her several times along the sidelines. We became friends and the rest is, of course, history. We married the following year right after she graduated. The next few years she was busy with law school and I was supporting us with my police salary and extra jobs I could pick up. 

My wife, Amy, could best be described as lanky with a body that just exudes sex. At 5'9" she could almost look me in the eye. A slim figure with small, perky breasts. Dark brown hair to the middle of her back and eyes so green they were almost transparent.

She had always been a practical joker. I guess we both were, always trying to surprise and embarrass the other. It was not uncommon for her to flash me a boob shot when no one was looking. She was always teasing me with suggestive phone calls when she knows I was in a position where I couldn't respond. Other times I had gone out of town she had left me dirty little notes in my luggage with promises of things that encouraged me to get back home as soon as possible.

This time, she had apparently taken the game to a whole new level. Until now it had just been written notes. She had never gone to the trouble to make me a video. I assumed this one was special because this was the first time I had to go out of the country. I would find out later just how special this video really was...

Being on the "red eye" meant I was able to sleep a few hours and got into Heathrow around 9:00 am. I took a cab to the hotel hosting the seminar. I checked my luggage and went in search of the seminar registration table. I signed in and presented my list of sessions I planned to attend. I looked around to get my bearings and mingle a little. I actually ran into a couple of officers I knew from towns around New York.

I spent the rest of the day getting to know other attendees and wandering around the town. I had an early dinner and decided to turn in early as tomorrow promised to be the first of three busy days. I got unpacked and showered and decided to give Amy a call before I turned in. It was evening time in London so I knew it should be midafternoon in New York.

Amy works for one of the more prestigious law firms in New York and has made a good name for herself as a sharp legal mind and hard worker. I rang her office and waited for her to pick up. We chatted for a few minutes before she needed to get back to work. As we were saying our goodbyes she asked me if I had found her surprise. I remembered the CD and told her I had found it but hadn't taken time to see it. She told me to please remember, while I was watching the video, that she truly loved me and to enjoy the show. There was a trace of apprehension in her voice but I brushed it off and decided to shower before I watched it.

I showered and dug the disc out of my backpack and slipped it into the DVD player. Because I was reasonably certain the content would be sexual in manner, I didn't bother putting on my boxers before I settled into bed with the remote.

I turned the TV on, selected DVD, and hit play. My heart was racing as I anticipated what was next. What was next was not what I was expecting. I was expecting to see my wife talking dirty to me and telling me all the things she planned to do to me when I returned. I thought she might even flash me a little skin to tease me even more. I loved her body. We had always had a great sex life, never afraid to express our likes and dislikes. She had always been a willing participant in any sex games I suggested, within reason of course. We had tried almost everything two people can do without going to jail.

What I got was a little skin, and then some. Amy was lying on our bed completely naked. The camera was positioned at the foot of the bed, presumably on our dresser. It was zoomed in to where her entire body filled the lenses. She was propped up on pillows. She had her knees bent and spread so that her nether region was on full display. Her upper body served as the backdrop with her long hair fanned out across the pillows. Her nipples were standing out like pencil erasers. I realized the cover photo was a still shot from this video. 

"Hey baby, I hope you had a good flight. I thought I would give you a little surprise." As she is saying this she begins tweaking her nipples with her left hand as her right hand makes it way down her body to her vagina. She starts running her index finger up and down her slit as she continues to talk. "I hope you will enjoy watching this little video as much as I'm going to enjoy making it, but, in all honesty, I doubt you will." Amy had always been open about her love for masturbation but so had I, so I wasn't sure why she thought she would enjoy this more than me. Well...I was to find out soon why she said that. Her right hand left her love muffin and disappeared from sight, reaching toward where the night stand should be. When her hand reappeared, it was holding one of her dildos. It was her largest one with a big mushroom head. "Remember this one baby? This is the first one you bought me. We used it to help me adjust to your larger than average penis. I used to use it when you aren't around, that is until I found a better alternative but, more on that later". As she was saying that, she started it working it between the lips of her vagina. I wasn't sure what she meant by that last comment but passed it off as part of the tease. I was also distracted by the sensation I was starting to feel down below.

She slipped it inside her and started it working it back and forth, going further in with each stroke. I could see it getting wet from her juices. Her eyes had drifted down to where the dildo was working its magic. It was all the way up her now, causing her breathing to become heavier. "Oh John, this feels so good. It's almost the same size as you." She continued to stroke it in and out until she appeared close to orgasm. Just when I thought she was there, she stopped and removed the dildo. "That felt so good but, I have another surprise for you."

With that her right hand again disappeared from sight, taking the dildo with it. I assumed she was putting it back on the night stand. When her hand reappeared, it held another dildo. This one was as long as the last, but slimmer. "Remember this one? This is the one we used to stretch my tight little ass hole out so it could fit your big dick in there. You took my anal cherry and I have grown to love having you back there". She slipped this one inside her pussy and worked it back and forth a few times. As she was doing this, she slid down in the bed slightly. When she removed the dildo, I could tell it was well lubricated with her juices. She moved it down toward her anal opening and tilted her hips until the puckered hole came into view. She teased her ass with the dildo but never actually pushed it in. As she was doing this she moved her left hand down from their work on her nipples and started working those fingers thru her slit. Her breathing was picking up again as she teased both holes. Her eyes became small slits as she brought herself close to release. "Oh John, this feels so good. Don't you wish you were here to finish this for me? To hold me, to feel me, to taste me? To slide that big cock of yours into me and feel me explode around it...I know you do but that will have to wait. Now I have the real surprise. Up to now this has just been the teaser. I'm about to show you the real surprise. But, before I do I have something for you to watch". By now I was at full mast. I began slowly stroking my dick, anxious to see the next surprise.

The screen went black for a few seconds. When the screen lite back up it was a different bedroom, with a different woman. This woman was a beautiful red head with breasts quite a bit larger than Amy's. She was on her hands and knees on the bed and those breasts were swaying back and forth in time with the strokes of the man behind her, fucking her doggie style. She was, indeed, a beautiful woman. But this was not just any beautiful woman. This was Sarah Whitlock. Or should I say, the Honorable Sarah Whitlock, district judge for the state of New York. The same Sarah Whitlock who was married to my boss, James Whitlock, the NYPD police commissioner. And the guy kneeling behind her, well...that was me. That's right. I have been fucking the police commissioner's wife for the last few weeks. The erection I had been stroking instantly disappeared. That hardness suddenly turned into a lump in my throat. How did Amy find out? How long has she known? 

Ok, I admit right up front I'm an idiot. Amy is a drop dead gorgeous woman who any man would kill for. She loves me and I love her. So...why am I jeopardizing all that? Because, I'm an idiot. And because the judge has a smoking hot body. And because I'm a guy and guys don't say no when a woman like this asks you to fuck them. That's right, she asked me. No, it doesn't make it any more ok. I'm just telling the truth. But more about that later. Right now, my feelings are all over the road. First and foremost, I feel like a moron for having cheated on Amy. On the other hand, watching me and the judge in the heat of passion reminds me of just how hot the sex with her was. If it weren't for my over-powering feeling of guilt, I would be enjoying the video more.

Just as the judge arched her back in orgasmic relief and screamed, "Fuck me harder...", the screen went black again. After a brief pause, the screen lite up and I was once again staring at my wife lying naked in our bed. "Well...did you enjoy the little exert from your last visit with the judge? Yes, I said last visit. I know there have been others. Remind me sometime to tell you how I know. Let's just say I have known the judge for some time. It's amazing the people you come across in our professions that know both of us. Apparently, you know some of them better than I, or do you...hmmm." Amy no longer had the dildo in her hand she was using when the video switched to the scene with me and Judge Whitlock.

"By the way...I have picked up another toy that I haven't shown you yet. This one is the biggest ever and is very, very life like. Here, let me show you." I saw her reach to her right and her hand disappeared from sight again. At the same time, I saw a slight movement in the bed as if someone was pressing down on that side of the mattress. As it turned out, I was correct. Someone was pressing down on the bed. Her hand reappeared holding a life-like dildo. Except, it wasn't a dildo. I was someone's penis. She was right, it was big. No, it was huge. And it was black. The body attached to the black cock came into view and kneeled down on the bed next to Amy. She began stroking what she could get her hand around and stared back at the camera. "I guess this makes introductions a little awkward for you, John, but meet Reggie. He is a bailiff in Judge Whitlock's court. I ran into him a while back while working a case in her courtroom. Then he kinda "ran into me" a couple of times since then, if you get my meaning."

I was near meltdown. My heart was racing and I was feeling faint. I thought the top of my head was just going to open up and scatter its contents all over the bed. My anger flashed to the max. How could she? And with a black man? In our own bed? What had I done to deserve this? And then reality slapped me square in the face. Because, dumb ass, you have been fucking the police commissioner's wife and she has video proof. I realized at that moment that I deserved whatever was on this video. No matter how mad I was and no matter how bad it hurt, I deserved it. All I could do now was lay back and watch. I couldn't even turn it off. Whether it was curiosity or punishment, I had to watch. And what a show it was.

"Oh John, isn't this the most beautiful cock you have ever seen. I just love how the skin covers that big head. I'd never had one that was uncircumcised before I met Reggie. And it tastes sooo good". As Amy was saying that, she leaned over, peeled the foreskin back, and took the head into her mouth. She licked and kissed the head for a few minutes, never taking more than a couple of inches at a time. "It's so black and so long. And oh John, it feels so good sliding in and out of my pussy. Fortunately, you're a kinda big guy yourself so taking all of Reggie was no problem. But even you can't measure up to this monster. Oh my god, John. As they say in Star Trek, he has boldly gone where no man has gone before. Anyway, I hope you enjoy the show. I know I will. And feel free to pleasure yourself. It will certainly be my pleasure entertaining you."

With that, Amy rolled onto her right side and moved over, making room for Reggie. As he eased down on the bed I got my first look at his face. I recognized him as someone I had seen around the courthouse but didn't know him personally. I guess I was about to learn more about him. He was a big man. Not fat, just big. Probably 6'4" and muscular. As he lay down in the spot Amy had vacated, his penis was front and center on the screen. Even semi-erect, it was very large.

Amy snuggled up under his left arm and laid her left leg across his. Reaching over, she took his manhood in her hand and began stroking it. His left hand drifted down and began massaging her left breast. Amy's nipples are very sensitive to the touch. She has orgasmed before from just having them kissed. His touch was having an effect on her. I could hear her breathing increase. "Oh John, his cock feels so good. I think I could cum just looking at it".

But she did more than just look at it. After playing with it for a few minutes, she released it and climbed up on his chest, facing his feet. That put her body and his penis right in the center of the video. She sat upright and used both hands to stroke him. "Isn't the contrast between his big black cock and my little white hands just amazing? I'm soaking wet just thinking about having this monster in me. Aren't you excited John? Aren't you anxious to see this black snake crawl up inside my pussy. I sure am." She paused as a pre-orgasmic shudder ran through her body. She scooted up his chest and leaned over so that his cock was just below her face. Looking straight into the camera, she held it in her hand and began to lick it up and down. Each time she came to the tip she would slid the foreskin back and lick around the head. I could see a small drop of pre-cum oozing out the slit. Then she would slide the skin back over the head and lick her way to the base. Just like Amy, he was clean shaven. While Amy was worshiping his penis, it appeared he was also busy. I could see his hands working her ass cheeks. The movement of her hips over his face left no doubt about where his tongue was.

As if I needed proof as to what Reggie was doing, the camera began a slow journey around the foot of the bed, moving to the left, sweeping up Amy's naked backside and finally stopping near the head of the bed. I had guessed right. He had an ass cheek in each hand, kneading them like pizza dough. I guess I shouldn't have been shocked to realize that his tongue was longer than some men's penis. Everything about Reggie was big. As Amy flexed her hips, his tongue would slide thru her slit, starting at her clit and ending at her puckered rear hole. He would then fold his tongue into a tip and tease her anus with it. She would gasp each time as his tongue slipped thru the tight ring and into her ass. Her moans were getting louder and her breathing more labored. I could tell she was close to release.

It was while the camera was making its return trip to the foot of the bed that it dawned on me. The camera had moved. Oh crap, they were not alone. Someone else was in the bedroom with them. Now I was getting pissed again. Ok, I had cheated on her. I had fucked someone else. But at least I had the decency to do it in private, not in front of an audience. But if that was true, how did Amy have a video of it? I'm guessing it would not matter to Amy that I never knew my time with Judge Whitlock was being recorded. But who was behind the camera? That was the thought that had my head throbbing as the camera settled back at the foot of the bed, this time just slightly higher than the edge of the bed.

It was at this moment that Amy had her first orgasm. Her back arched and her head came off of his dick as the first wave hit. From this lower angle I could see the veins in her neck bulge as she screamed a silent scream. Her body shook violently. This went on for several seconds. When it finally passed she dropped her torso down on his body, her head coming to rest beside his penis. 

After she caught her breath she raised her head and looked into the camera. "Ohh baby, that was awesome. Did you cum? I sure did. But then, I guess that was obvious, huh? His tongue is so long and talented. That last time he slipped it into my ass pushed me over the top. You know how much I like having things in my ass, especially long tongues and hard cocks. I know what you are thinking and no, he hasn't fucked my ass. Not yet anyway. You know why John? Do you know why I haven't given him my ass? Because I want you to be there when he does it. Oh yea, I do intend to let him. Just imagine, John, how it will look as his big black cock works its way into my tight little white ass. That would be so hot. Maybe we could make it a threesome. You could fuck my pussy while he takes my ass. That would be so intense. Me sandwiched between my husband's big cock and his black monster. I can almost cum just thinking about it. But I know how special that is and since you are the one who introduced me to the pleasures of anal love, it only seems fair that you should be present to witness it and maybe participate, so that will have to wait" she added with a evil smile that briefly spiked my anger / jealously again. Even though neither one of us were virgins when we met, I had introduced her to anal sex. It had been the "cherry" she had given me and she had grown to love it
