 I decided I was going to join a gym. I wanted to lose fifteen pounds or so and I wanted to tone up my body. I joined a nearby gym and I didn't want to waste my efforts. I was able to choose Ray as my trainer. Ray looked to be in his early twenties and he looked fit and muscular. I have to admit I was attracted to Ray. I wasn't getting any sex at home and I couldn't take my eyes from Ray's body.

When we worked out, my eyes were on Ray's shorts. More to the point, I was looking at his cock bulge. I know I was getting wet between my legs. After a few sessions I got the nerve up to ask Ray out for coffee. Ray said we could go and do that. We drove to a nearby coffee shop and I found out more about Ray. Ray told me he had just finished college. He was waiting to hear back on some jobs that he applied to. I told Ray about my personal life. I said that my marriage wasn't working out these days.

I guess I was a little surprised when Ray invited me back to his apartment. I took up his offer and we ended up back at his place. We no sooner walked through the door when Ray moved close to me and kissed me. He told me I had been on his mind lately. I said I had thought about him as well. I know I shouldn't have been thinking like this. I was thirty-five years old at the time and still married. I just had to be near someone who showed me some attention.

As we kissed Ray placed his hands on the outside of my shirt. I do have fairly big breasts and Ray started to squeeze them. What can I say, I let myself go and gave into Ray. We soon moved back to Ray's bedroom. We didn't waste any time getting undressed. I got onto the bed and watched as Ray stripped down. It was as I thought. Ray's cock had to be at least seven inches long and he was thick. I spread my legs and Ray crawled in between.

"I like a woman who is shaved down," he told me.

I keep my pubic hair completely cut down. I was bald down below. Ray wasted no time in sliding his tongue in between my folds. I thought I might have an orgasm right there and then. I hadn't had sex with my husband in weeks. I wanted Ray so much. Ray slid his tongue all over my mound. He flicked his tongue all over my clit. 

"Please Ray, I need you," I told him.

Ray got up from my pussy. I could see he was already hard. Ray took hold of his dick and rubbed it across my slit. I was so worked up right then. I reached down and guided his hard prick to my opening. Ray pushed his dick inside of me. Fuck, that felt so good! Ray started out slowly. He moved his erect member in and out of my oozing pussy. I moved my legs around his back. That's when Ray took me hard. His cock was going in and out of me like a jackhammer. I held onto his hips as he worked that thick bone in and out of my pussy.

I just remember feeling his balls hitting my ass every time he slid into me. My pussy gripped his shaft as tight as it could. I guess I just lost it and I ended up squirting my juices on Ray. Ray stopped momentarily and he pulled his cock out. I kept gushing and then Ray thrust into me again and again. My pussy was actually getting sore from that fat cock of his. I didn't care. I just wanted him to keep fucking my pussy. I am not sure how long we went at it. It seemed like hours had passed.

I got the feeling that Ray was getting close to unloading in me.

"It's okay to cum in me Ray," I told him.

Ray looked at me and he grunted a few times. A few more thrusts and Ray blew his scalding load in my belly. I just lost it right then. My pussy went into convulsions and I clamped down hard on his cock. It seemed like Ray had an endless amount of cum to give me. I know he had to have squirted at least six good shots of his cream into my pussy. Ray managed to stay hard for many minutes. He finally pulled out of me and his seed came flowing out of my hole.

I felt spent from the fucking I just took. When Ray finally caught his breath he climbed up over my face. His slimed cock was directly at my lips.

"Open up for me Ellen," he said.

I did just as he asked. Ray slid his cock into my mouth and I cleaned him off. My husband and I never did anything like that. I took Ray deep down my throat. He was face fucking me and he managed to shoot a few more streams into my mouth. Ray finally pulled out and he collapsed besides me. I think we were both panting after our lovemaking session.

"That was so good Ellen," he told me.

I later found out that Ray had broken up with his college girlfriend. He said he had been so horny lately. He decided to invite me back to his apartment. 

"You can't let anyone from the gym know we did this. They frown upon the trainers and clients getting together," he told me.

My lips were sealed. I thought we were done for the day but that wasn't the case. Ray got onto his back and he told me to get on top of him. I mounted Ray and I lowered my cum slicked pussy onto his staff. His cock slid into my belly once more. I rode Ray as he thrust his long cock into my pussy. It felt easier this time around. Ray's cum was sloshing around inside me still. He brought his ass up from the bed and took me hard with his dick.

I had more orgasms if that was possible. I was surprised when Ray shot more cum into my pussy. It wasn't like the first time but I wanted every drop of his love cum inside me. After Ray emptied out inside me he reached up and squeezed my tits. That sent me over the edge one last time. I collapsed onto Ray's chest as we tried to calm ourselves down.

That was the beginning of our love affair together. Sex was nonexistent at home. I needed Ray's cock to make me feel like a woman. We still train together and then we end up at Ray's apartment. Since that first time Ray has given me anal sex. I never let my husband do that to me. Ray had me get on my hands and knees. He got behind me and rubbed his cock up and down my crack. I thought he was going to enter my pussy but I was wrong.

I felt Ray's thick monster enter my ass. I know I screamed as Ray slowly pushed his cock into my bottom. I just gave in. I had to have Ray any way possible. I was so tight down there. Ray loosened me up with his thick rod. I didn't think I could orgasm like that but I did. When Ray exploded inside my ass I had this enormous orgasm. 

We have sex a couple times a week now. I still have these doubts in the back of my mind. I am much older than Ray. What if he is just using me for sex and that is all. I want to know where we stand but I can't bring myself to ask. The sex is so incredible and I don't want to lose Ray. I will just keep having sex for the future and see what happens in the upcoming weeks and months.