 We were having a barbeque by the lake near work one day. It was exceptionally windy, so it was lucky I could stand behind the barbeque, as the dress I was wearing kept being blown up! Mitchell kept coming over bringing me food and topping up my champagne. Occasionally he would stand behind me, and when he did I didn't bother trying to put my dress down. We had been secretly sleeping together for a couple of months, and I took opportunities to tease him a little when I could. He teased me equally; cupping my butt when he stood behind me in line, kissing me deeply right before he had to go to a meeting... he had even fingered me in his office but hadn't let me come.

The wind got too much so we decided to move to a different location before I had finished cooking the chicken. Mitchell said he'd stay with me to help me carry the food up.

"It's not half obvious that you're trying to spend time with me," I said with a grin. I welcomed the alone time, and it was really nice down at the lake.

"Don't you want me to stay?"

"Of course I do! I love getting to spend time with you. And, you look reeeaallly good today." 

He was wearing beige cino pants and a black polo that I had suggested he buy. He topped it off by wearing his glasses, which he knows I love. He looked smart and fit.

"You look very nice as well. That dress is very figure-hugging."

"Thanks, I was feeling confident this morning."

"Well, you pull it off. Here, hop up here," he gestured for me to sit on the benchtop next to the barbeque.

"Mmm I like being up here, makes it easier for me to kiss you." 

I leant in and kissed him softly on the lips and drew back so we would step in closer. He hands went to my hips as I kissed him again, this time with more vigour.

"I'm pretty sure I saw a porno start like this once," he said, amused.

"I never asked you, what kinds of porn do you watch?"

"Well I haven't had to watch much lately," he said with a cheeky grin, "But when I do, there's a few: lesbian, mature, a bit of anal."

"Ok, not too surprising, although the mature one is a bit left of centre, considering it completely goes against what's happening here" I gestured between us; he is eleven years older than me. "I watch lesbian sometimes, some public, mostly group though." 

"Group hey? Do you think you'd have a threesome? Two girls or a girl and a guy?"

"Either... I'm intrigued to know what going down on a girl is like."

"It's fantastic, you should definitely try it sometime."

"Maybe one day," I said with a wink.

"I also like a site called Literotica, have you heard of it? It's user-submitted erotic fiction."

"Yeah I've more than heard of it, I really like it actually. What categories do you read?"

"Lesbian, anal, group."

"Hmm, I sense a theme."

"Well how about you?"

"I guess I'm a bit old fashioned; I like erotic couplings mostly, but also a bit of exhibitionist/voyeur," I replied.

"Interesting."

It was fun to get this stuff out in the open, I enjoyed sharing interests and fantasies. It felt like the right time to confess one of my hobbies.

"Have you ever submitted? Or do you just read?"

"Only read," he paused for a moment while he appeared to have a light bulb moment. "Why, have you submitted something?"

"No. I've thought about it, but nothing's quite finished."

"Finished? So you've written stuff? What, or who's it about? A particular dark-haired professor, by any chance?"

"Actually, yes. But I don't think it's quite what you'd expect."

"Are the characters actually aliens? Orange is the new black-style?"

"Haha no, the characters are human, it's all quite normal. I just think the events depicted aren't what you think they might be." I thought he might think the story was about our recent trip to Paris, but the truth was, I had fantasised about him long before anything happened between us, so the stories I was working on were mainly about those fantasies. For now. 

"Can I read it?" he asked keenly.

"Yeah, I'd like that actually. I think that's partly why I told you," I said, a bit embarrased but excited at the prospect of being able to turn him on in a different way.

"I look forward to it."

I leant over to turn the chicken and my dress flared up, giving him a great view of my arse. He lightly caressed the exposed cheek then squeezed it. 

"So, public sex porn and exhibitionist fiction, hey?"

"Yeah, I think it's both the idea of fresh air, and the thrill of being seen."

With that, he spread my legs apart forcefully then slowly brushed his hand along the inside of my thigh.

"Is this public enough for you?" he asked.

"I'd say so, yeah." I said with a grin, wondering how far we would go.

"And is that why you weren't trying to push your dress down when the wind was blowing it up before?"

"Perhaps."

"Were you hoping I'd see your arse?"

"Yes."

"And what about when you wear low cut tops? Is that for anyone in particular?"

"Sometimes. Do you like them?"

"I don't think I've seen you wear anything that doesn't look good on you... although I do prefer with your clothes off. Or..." he trailed off, with a scheming look on his face.

"Oooorrr what?"

"Clothes, but no underwear underneath," he whispered hoarsely into my ear.

"Hmmm... I do like the feeling of tops on my breasts with no bra. It makes my nipples very erect! But I don't think my breasts are small or perky enough to get away with it. As for underwear, it would make for easy access I guess..."

"It would indeed. And your breasts are lovely, by the way."

"Thank you," I said, blushing.

He kept stroking my thigh and kissed me slowly up my neck to just behind my ear. His beard tickled my neck and it sent shivers up my spine.

"So we're out in public, I have your legs spread, we're talking about fantasies... Is it all making you wet?"

"Why don't you find out for yourself?" he barely needed an invitation - his fingers were already pulling my underwear aside. He stroked his thumb slowly along my swollen pussy lips.

"Oh wow!"

"Yeah, you could say I'm pretty turned on right now."

"I can tell," he grabbed my arse with his other hand at the same time he pushed a finger inside me. 

I let out a little moan and tugged him toward me by his belt loops. Our lips were mashed together and our tongues swirled as I freed his belt from its buckle and unzipped his pants. I ran my palm along his shaft over his underwear. He was rock solid.

"I see all this talk and touching has turned you on as well," I said as I ran my thumb around the tip of his penis. "Are you happy to stay here?"

"Definitely, I want to give this outdoor sex thing a try."

Without any warning he dropped to his knees and replaced his hand with his mouth. His tongue slid from my opening to my clitoris and back again. I put an arm by my side to support myself and ran my fingers through his hair with the other. He flicked his tongue against my clit over and over then slowly, teasingly inserted two fingers inside me, pressing them against the front wall of my vagina. It felt amazing... the anticipation of his fingers sliding all the way in while he ate my pussy hungrily. Suddenly he jerked them out and I gasped but he repeated the movement, this time even slower! He did this a few more times, all the while lapping at my pussy, which by now was dripping wet. As he sensed I was getting close to orgasm, he built up the speed and pressure until my pussy clenched hard around his fingers and I let out a final gasp and moan. Man, did he know what he was doing down there!

I barely had time to catch my breath. He had already stood up and had pulled his underwear down enough for his cock to escape. He grabbed my arse and pushed his hard cock inside me. My legs wrapped around his back instinctively and I thrust into him with a moan. He kissed me deeply as he withdrew almost all the way and thrust back into me.

"Does it turn you on that people could be watching us right now?" I asked.

"Uh huh," He could barely string an answer together.

We fucked at a nice steady pace while we kissed passionately, our tongues exploring each other's mouths and my hands roaming over his chest, shoulders and neck. I absolutely loved running my hands through his chest hair. I had pretty much forgotten where we were.

He picked up the pace a little; I could tell he was getting close. His mouth went to my breasts, licking each nipple in turn, then rubbing over them with his thumbs. I knew he liked his nipples being played with as well, so I lightly brushed over one with my thumb. He moaned. I did it again, this time a little harder. Another moan. I replaced my thumb with my teeth, biting on his nipple through his shirt. 

"Oh, fuck, you're gonna make me come doing that."

"Good, that's the goal. I'm gonna make you come right here outside."

I moved my mouth to his other nipple, biting on it while I lightly brushed my thumb over the other. I bit it again just as I roughly pulled on the other, then switched. This elicited some harder moans and he started fucking me faster.

"Ooohh, yeah, yeah," I moaned, thrusting back as much as I could. 

This position was really working for me as I was getting a lot of clitoral stimulation, so was close to coming again. I went back to work on his nipples and wrapped my legs tighter around him, guiding him into me. I was rubbing his nipple between my thumb and index finger and had my tongue tracing lightly along his earlobe before it darted in, eliciting a moan. 

He found the sweet spot at the base of my neck and kissed it softly, making me catch my breath. He did this a few more times as I tweaked both his nipples and moaned into his ear as I came. This was all too much and with a few deep strokes, he came as my orgasm subsided. I unwrapped my legs and laid back on the bench, spent but exhilarated.

It was then that I smelled something burning.

"I think the chicken's ready."