 It started out as just another quiet night at work, walking the mall, checking doors, and drinking coffee, waiting for the mall walkers to arrive in the morning. Ben was on his third trip down 'The Strip' when he heard a door close behind him. He looked at his watch.

"That's odd. There isn't supposed to be anyone here for another four hours. Well, let's have a look," he said aloud to the empty mall and started to turn around.

"OK, if you insist, I normally like a little foreplay, but I guess I can make an exception for you, considering it's our first date," said a feminine voice behind him.

He recognized the voice immediately. "Missy, how did....whoa!" He started to ask her how she got back into the mall with all the doors locked, but stopped dead in his tracks when he saw her. This was a different Missy than the one he was used to seeing. She worked in the food court at the Subway Subs counter and he'd never seen her out of uniform.

He usually arrived at work about two hours early to watch the slowdown of mall activity before closing time. It was during those two hours that he'd been spending quite a bit of time lately flirting with Missy. Two weeks ago he'd even asked her out. She'd given him the 'I don't think my boyfriend would appreciate that" line, so he thought she wasn't interested. He continued with the flirting though, because it was an enjoyable way to pass the time before work. After that night, he didn't think there was any chance of anything happening between Missy and him other than harmless and meaningless flirtation. 

Now, however, she was standing directly in front of him looking like a damsel in distress; a damsel in distress who was dressed to kill, that is. Her hair was curled and styled; she had just the right amount of make-up on, not that she needed any; she had on a white leather three-quarter length trench coat and God knows what under it. In short, she was simply breathtaking.

"Ben, I know I'm not supposed to be here right now, but Craig and I just had a big blowout. He saw you and I talking the other night and he's been putting two and two together for the past couple of nights. Tonight he came up with the way wrong answer. I tried to tell him there was nothing to worry about, but he wouldn't listen. We were supposed to go out tonight, but when he stopped by to pick me up, he just stood in my doorway and chewed my ass for about 10 minutes before breaking up with me in no uncertain terms. I couldn't think of anywhere else to go or anyone else I'd rather be with right now. I really don't want to be alone tonight and I've never seen you turn away a woman in need so..." she looked at him with those big baby blue eyes of hers and asked him a question he never thought he'd hear from her, "can I stay with you tonight?"

If it were possible for a human to melt into a puddle of jelly, at that moment Missy would have had jellied Ben all over her shoes. He walked over to her and softly caressed her cheek as she nuzzled his hand. He said, "Oh hon, I'm so sorry. I know you two were together a long time. I know how you're feeling and I know you'll be OK. If keeping me company tonight will make you feel better, then I see no reason why you can't stay." He pulled her toward him and hugged her; he was pleased that she returned the hug. "Why don't we go down to Bruno's and have a drink?" He asked after a few moments in each other's arms.

"Don't you have rounds to do?" she asked.

"Yeah, but Bruno's is on the way and I have a key," he replied as they continued in the direction he was originally walking. "Besides, I'm due for my next break in half an hour. I'll get you set up and finish my round. By the time I return it'll be break time. How does that sound?" He asked as they got to Bruno's Bar and Grill.

"That sounds fine, please don't take too long. I've never been a real big fan of being alone," she said as he unlocked the door and let her in.

"Oh you don't have to worry about that, I only have four more doors to check and I'll be back. Now, what'll it be ma'am?" He asked from behind the bar.

"Pulleease don't call me ma'am! Do you know how to make many drinks?" she asked.

"Bartending is my second nature, it put me through college and earned me the nickname 'Dr. Feelgood'. There isn't a drink created before last year that I don't know how to make," he boasted.

Missy leaned over the bar and her coat fell open slightly, revealing some of her cleavage. "Do you know how to make a multiple screaming orgasm?" she asked with a gleam in her eye.

He looked at her for a split second before replying, "Are you referring the drink or the real thing?" He looked at her chest momentarily before meeting her eyes again.

"Why don't we start with the drink? Who knows, maybe by the end of the night we could be working on the real thing,' she said coolly as she sat back down on her stool and began untying the belt around her coat.

Ben turned around and went to work fixing her drink. When he was finished, he turned to face her again and nearly dropped the glass.

"WOW!!" was all he could say. She had taken off her coat. Her dress looked more like lingerie than a dress. It was a black silk slip-type dress. She quite obviously had no bra on and he wondered if she has also gone without panties.

"I take it you like the dress? I'm glad." Missy said as he handed her the drink. She tasted it and said, "Mmmm" as she closed her eyes and savored it.

"And I take it you like the drink? I'm glad. Now, I have to go finish up. I won't be long," he said as he rounded the end of the bar. He stopped at the door and turned to catch her watching him go, "and yes, I do like the dress. I like it very much," he said and gave her of his best 'Prince Charming' smiles.

The rest of his walk was uneventful; all four remaining doors were locked, as they should have been. On his way back to Bruno's he had a stroke of genius. He decided to make a pit stop at one of his favorite places in the mall, Spas & More. He had the keys to every store in the mall so he let himself in. Spas & More had half a dozen hot tubs in private rooms that you could rent by the hour. He and the owner, Marty, had gone to school together since they learned to walk and he knew Marty wouldn't mind the intrusion so long as Ben didn't make a mess. Just to be on the safe side, he slid a note under the door of Marty's office that explained his presence there. After that, he went all the way to the back where they had one designed for two and turned on the tub, set the lighting and put on some romantic music. He stepped back to make sure everything looked just right and he left.

When Ben returned to Bruno's, he found Missy had taken a seat at the piano. She was playing and singing 'Wind Beneath My Wings' so he didn't hear him when he returned. He walked over to the bar and made a Malibu Coke for himself and another multiple Screaming Orgasm for her. She was just finishing the song when he came around the corner to the piano. 

"That was absolutely beautiful. Do you sing much?" He asked as he handed her the drink.

"Why thank you, not recently. I used to go to Hiro's downtown for karaoke when they had it, but Craig wasn't into it so I haven't been there for a while," she answered

"Well, I think you're great. Anytime you want to go back, give me a call; I'd be more than happy to go with you. Hell, I'd be proud," he said.

"Do you have to work Friday night?" She asked after taking a sip of her drink.

"As a matter of fact, no I don't. I have the next two weekends off. What time should I pick you up?" He asked happily.

"Why don't you just stop by my place after your shift on Thursday? We'll go out for breakfast then back to your place so you can get some sleep. I could just hang out and watch TV or something until you get up and we'll see where it goes from there," she replied and stood up from the bench and turned to push it back to where it was.

When she bent over to push the bench back, Ben knew he was right about the panties too. She wasn't wearing any. The dress followed the shape of her ass quite nicely.

When she was standing in front of him again, he took her hand and said, "You know, Missy, I like the way you think. Come on, bring your drink, there's something I want to show you." He led her out the door and they proceeded toward his surprise. When they arrived, he asked her, "Have you ever been in this place before?"

"No, but I've heard quite a few good things about it. Why?" She asked.

He opened to door, bowed, and said, "After you my dear."

She paused just inside the door, "Where is that music coming from?" She asked.

"Follow me, please," Ben said as he led the way to the back. When they arrived at his surprise, he stopped her and turned her to face a door. He put his hands on her shoulders and began to massage them. "It seems like you need to relax a little. Why don't you open the door?"

She opened the door. "Oh wow! This is awesome. It's like a private escape for two." She exclaimed as she stepped inside. Ben followed her inside then closed the door. She looked around. The tub was nearly surrounded by fern and other tropical looking plants and flowers. Stars were being projected onto the black ceiling. It was as close to being in a hot tub in the middle of the jungle as a person could get without being there for real. By the time her gaze fell on Ben again, it dawned on her.

Ben said, "Yes it is, and it's all for you tonight. I could tell you need some cheering up and relaxation. What better way to do that than to settle into a nice hot tub under the stars and let the water carry your troubles away?"

Missy turned toward him and put her arms around his neck and answered his question. "Just spending some alone time with you is enough to handle those troubles of mine."

Ben put his hands on her waist and said, "Craig is a jackass. I never understood why you were with him. He always seemed irritated when he was around and I could see that you were stressed all the time. You deserve better than that. You should have a man that takes care of you, keeps you happy, and makes it known that he is happy to be your man."

Missy smiled and stepped a little closer to him. "This guy sounds like a dream. Would you be willing to introduce him to me sometime?"

Ben smiled and held Missy tight. "Sure. How about right now?" he asked.

Missy's smile faded as he stepped away from her. "Um, ok." she stammered.

Ben smiled and stuck out his hand for a hand shake. "Hi Missy, I'm Ben. My buddy Ben said your ex-boyfriend was a jackass and you need to be treated well or Ben would kick my ass. It's a pleasure to meet you."

Missy smiled and took his hand and pulled him to her. She looked up into his eyes as she pressed her entire body against his. "Hi Ben, I'm Missy. It's nice to finally meet a real man." They kissed, softly at first then building in passion. After a few moments, she pulled away. "So, Ben, when do you have to go on your next rounds?"

Ben looked at his watch and answered, "The next go around is in 45 minutes."

Missy stepped back and looked him in the eye as she slid her coat off her shoulders and hung it on a hook on the wall. Then without hesitating, she shrugged first one strap of her dress then the other strap off her shoulders and let the dress drop to the floor. She knelt down and picked it up and tossed it on a chair below her coat. As she stood there before him, naked, she said, "That's a good thing because, Ben, you and I are going to get to know each other really, really well." she stepped over to him again and kissed him again as she went to work undoing his belt.

Ben didn't need anything spelled out for him. He unbuttoned his shirt and had it on the chair with her dress by the time she got his belt undone and was working on his pants. They worked together to get him undressed then he stood up and picked her up in his arms. She wrapped her legs around his waist, caressing his cock with her pussy as they kissed. He moaned and turned toward the tub and effortlessly stepped over the edge and sat down into the water without letting her go. As he sits down, she takes his face in her hands and they share a slow, passionate kiss. His hands slowly and gently roam all up and down her back from her shoulders down to her ass and everywhere in between. Soon she begins to move her hips forward and back, effectively stroking his cock with her pussy, yet not allowing it inside. She smiles and giggles softly as she feels his cock get even larger than it already was.

"I take it you like this huh? You like feeling my pussy rubbing up and down your dick? It feels so good. I can feel it growing harder and bigger. I can't wait to get you inside my pussy." she moaned in his ear as he sucked and nibbled on her neck and earlobe.

Ben just growled into her throat and stood up again, bringing her with him, squealing, as he moved across the Jacuzzi and set her gently on the other edge and leaned her back against the wall. He spread her legs wide and knelt in front of her, just looking at her smooth shaven pussy. Her lips were visibly swollen and her clit was poking out from its hood. He looked her in the eye as he moved his face closer to her pussy, spreading her legs wider. 

"That's right baby. Eat my pussy. I have waited for so long and wanted so much to be in this position with you. Make love to me Ben. As of this moment, I am totally yours." she begged seductively. She looked back at him and smiled as she grabbed his head and pulled his face to her pussy as she spread her legs as wide as she could, almost doing the splits.

Ben kept looking Missy in the eye right up to the moment his tongue touched her left pussy lip. He slowly licked and nibbled her lips. He reached up and took her left nipple in his fingers and squeezed and rolled it, massaging her nipple and tit. She gasped and closed her eyes, nibbling on her lower lip in ecstasy. He released her nipple and spread her pussy wide. She moaned in anticipation. He slowly ran his tongue from her asshole up to her clit and gradually built speed and pressure on her clit. Her soft sensual moans soon became more urgent cries at the jolts of pleasure rippling through her pussy. He slowly stroked outside of her vagina with his finger, circling without entering, in rhythm with the motions of his tongue. She began to whimper in frustration as he kept her at the edge of orgasm. She wrapped her fingers into his hair and pulled his face tighter to his pussy.

"I swear to god I am going to suffocate you with my pussy if you don't make me cum in the next few minutes!" she suddenly growled through clenched teeth. She opened her eyes and looked down to see him smiling as he continued to lick at her clit. "You think I'm kidding?" she asked, smiling.

"Nope." he answered as he inserted a finger into her pussy and began to thrust in and out. Each stroke of his finger rubbed her g-spot and caused her to gasp. It didn't take much of this action before her hips were bucking hard enough that he had to hold her down with one hand while he worked her pussy with the other. She suddenly opened her eyes and screamed as she wrapped her legs around his head and squeezed as the orgasm that had been building for so long finally ripped through her loins. Wave after wave of pleasure rippled through her pussy. It seemed to take forever and she was determined to ride it out to the last possible moment. Ben's tongue never left her clit to the very end when she suddenly shoved him away from her.

"Get outta there! My god you're going to kill me!" she exclaimed, smiling.

"I certainly hope not. I'm not through with you yet. We still have 30 minutes before I have to give you a break." Ben said with a smile on his face as he moved toward her again. Before she could do anything about it, he picked her up and spun her around, placing her on her knees and leaning her chest on the edge of the Jacuzzi. He spread her legs and moved close behind her, rubbing his cock up and down her pussy lips and ass. Using one hand, he guided his cock into her pussy and slowly thrust forward deeper and deeper into her until his hips were firmly against her ass.

"Oh My God. That is so good. You are so much better than I dreamed. God yes baby, give me your cock. Fuck me baby! Fuck me long and hard and fast! Uh! Uh! Uh! Oh yesssss!" she screamed as Ben thrust his cock into her pussy relentlessly as she asked him to. 

He grabbed her hips and pulled her against him with every thrust of his hips. She began to thrust back against him and his hips were slapping her ass with every stroke. He kept up a fast and furious pace for a few minutes then suddenly stopped, his cock deep inside her pussy, and held there for a moment.

"What's wrong babe, you need a rest?" Missy asked seductively as she squeezed his cock with her pussy repeatedly as if trying to milk his cum from him.

"No, I was giving your pussy a short break before doing this." Ben explained before slowly withdrawing his cock until just the head was inside Missy's hot pussy. Just as she was about to speak, he thrust forward suddenly and slapped her ass at the same time.

"Ahh! What the hell?!" she exclaimed and tried to get away from him.

Ben laughed and held her in place as he softly massaged the ass cheek he slapped. Then slowly withdrew again and this time immediately thrust forward, spanking the other ass cheek.

"Ahh! That hurts! Kinda." she exclaimed again, not quite so mad this time and stayed where she was.

"Good girl. Now just relax and enjoy your punishment." Ben said menacingly as he began the motion again. This time as he thrust forward, she thrust back against him and did not cry out when he slapped her ass again.

"Mmm. I could get used to this. Do you feel my pussy getting hotter? You really should warn a girl first though. Uhh!" she exclaimed as he thrust and spanked again. 

"Girl, you never cease to amaze me." Ben said with another hard thrust and a smack on her other asscheek. 

Missy continued to moan as he alternated cheeks with each thrust of his cock into her hot and wet pussy. She began pinching and pulling on a nipple as Ben increased the force of his smacks on her ass. It didn't take much longer and her moans turned to a long screaming cry as the intense orgasm ripped through her loins and her entire body. Her legs nearly gave away in the throes of her orgasm. 

Ben could feel her pussy convulsing and squeezing his cock and getting even wetter as the orgasm lasted for what seemed like minutes. Eventually she relaxed and he stopped moving his cock, letting her pussy contract and relax around it as the orgasm wound down. He just stood there behind her with his cock still in her pussy, waiting patiently for her to revive and let him know what she wanted. He stroked her back and gently rubbed her ass where he'd been slapping it. It had a bright red glow to it and he could feel heat coming off her cheeks.

Eventually Missy came back to her senses and moaned in pleasure at the soft touches he was giving her. When she got her strength back, she stood up, effectively pulling his cock out of her pussy, and turned to face him. She took his face in her hands and gave him a deep, slow, passionate kiss. Their tongues slowly danced over one another and their lips worked together in what felt like perfect unison. Then she slowly kissed her way down his body and took his still hard cock in her mouth. She slowly and lovingly cleaned her juices off his cock, sucking him as deep into her throat as she could. She gently massaged his ass with one hand as she worked the shaft of his cock with the other. She slowly increased the suction on his cock and began twisting her head back and forth, then took his ass in both hands and pulled him deep so that her nose was at the base of his cock.

Ben groaned throughout her attentions to his hard cock and when she deep-throated him, he gasped and wound his hands into her hair. He knew if she sank her nails into his ass he wouldn't last long and he was right. Moments after she pulled him all the way in and sank her nails into his asscheeks, he groaned and unloaded his cum into her waiting mouth and throat.
