 "Damn, you are right Tara." My eighteen year-old best friend Lorna said. "He's beyond sexy."

We stared in admiration at the object of our attentions, Jake, a thirty-six year old police officer. He was 6'1 with a lean, muscular build, black hair, dark green eyes and very surprisingly still single. I had had a crush on him since I was sixteen, when I first met him job shadowing a secretary at the police station. At eighteen, my lust for him still hadn't lessened.

It had gotten worse.

"What I would give to have one night with him," I murmured absently. 

"You could have him, you know that," Tara said, her warm hand sliding up and down my thigh. "I just don't know if I want to share." She was right in that aspect. I could hold my own with my curvy, 5'7 inch frame, blond brown hair, blue eyes and big chest. 

I grinned at my bi lover and winked. "Whatever. You want that cop cock as much as I do."

She smiled coyly. "I would love to watch you get fucked by him."

The mere thought made my cunt throb. Jake spreading my thighs and working his thick cock deep inside me while Lorna sat on my face, my tongue sliding into her. Lorna and I had first discovered each other the night of our eighteenth birthdays (we do have the same birthday) and had been lovers ever since.

"Let me see your pussy," Lorna whispered. 

"Lorna, we're in a police station parking lot," I chuckled, but knew it was a waste of my breath. Lorna was a fan of public playing, and once she had an idea, she didn't resist her urges. I watched my 5'7 inch best friend, with her long, curly brown hair, brown eyes and lithe, firm-breasted body turn and lean back against the passenger door, lifting her ass and yanking her jean shorts down over her slim hips. She wore a pair of pale blue bikini panties that were already soaked through the crotch, and she moaned softly as she pulled them to the side to show me her wet shaven pussy.

I looked around, swallowing nervously when I saw three more officers emerging from the front entrance. They joined Jake, who had been talking to one other officer. 

"Look at me," Lorna murmured. "Let them see what we're doing."

"Lorna..." I began, my voice fading as she slipped her middle finger between her pussy lips. She arched her back, rubbing slow circles around against her hard little clit and pushing her tank top up to pull and twist a straining nipple.

"Show me, Tara." She moaned gutturally. 

Against my screaming common sense, I took another look at the group of officers and shifted sideways, leaning against the driver's side door of my car and pushing up the short black skirt I was wearing. Unlike Lorna, I didn't have to push aside my panties...I didn't wear any that day. 

"Naughty girl," Lorna smiled. "God, I love it when you're nasty like that. Rub your clit for me."

I spread my wet pussy lips apart and teased my clit, watching as my best friend's finger increased in rotation in her pussy. 

"Put a finger inside, Lorna." I murmured. The group of officer's was shifting, two of them going to a squad that was but fifteen feet away from us. My heart jumped when one officer looked at my car, obviously interested in why we were sitting there, but only looking before he got into the passenger side of the squad. 

The situation turned me on even more.

Lorna slid her middle finger deep in her tight snatch, groaning loudly as she began to fuck in and out with it. "Another one." I moaned, rubbing my clit faster. She slid in her index finger, and I watched her juices drip down between her ass cheeks, the sweet smell filling the car.

"Use your fingers," Lorna gasped. "Finger your cunt, Tara."

I jammed two fingers inside me, my tight pussy stretching to accommodate the fit. Jake was in clear sight, looking achingly hot, and completely untouchable, in his uniform.

"I have to have him, Lorna." I groaned hotly.

"Faster, fuck yourself faster, Tara..." she cried, her hips thrusting up to meet her fingers. 

"Lorna...I'm going to cum..." My back arched as my orgasm built up, so close...

"Look at him," Lorna moaned.

He seemed to be looking right at me, even though I knew he probably wasn't, because he was still talking with two other officers. But it was like I could feel his eyes on me...

"Don't stop." Lorna warned. "Cum for him, Tara...cum for me...ahhh, yes..."

I bucked upwards as I came, Lorna exploding at the same time. Our breathing slowed and I opened my eyes, taking in my sexy best friend's sprawled form, fingers still buried in her creamy cunt.

Her tongue came out to slide over her bottom lip and she brought her juice-covered fingers up, licking each off with obvious relish. She sat up and grabbed my hand; sticking my fingers in her warm mouth and sucking them clean as well.

"You want him?" she murmured, drawing my face closer to hers and running her tongue over first my top lip, and then my bottom, slowly and teasingly.

"You know I do." I replied, touching my tongue with hers, seeing the evil, playful twinkle in her brown eyes. She was up to something.

"Maybe we should pay a little visit to his house tonight, after his shift," she said. "See what Jake the Cop is all about?"

I chuckled and shook my head. "You're crazy."

"No," she sat back and pulled her shorts up, yanking down the mirror above the seat and smoothing her already perfect brown hair. "We'll just sneak in, watch him for a little bit. That's all."

Jake was now pulling away from the group, and I realized with a growing sense of panic that he was headed towards the car. He saw us, and now we were in trouble.

"Shit." I breathed and rolled down the window, a nervous smile on my face.

"Hey, Tara," Jake said with a smooth grin. "What are you two up to?"

"Not too much, really," I responded, trying to keep the stammer from my voice. Here it comes, I thought. "How are you?"

"Good. Just starting my shift for the night, saw you over here and thought I'd say hi." He leaned down, peering over at Lorna. "Who's your friend?"

"Hi, officer." Lorna leaned over me and smiled becomingly, offering a sweet view of her tits. 

"Jake, this is my best friend Lorna." I said, giving Lorna a withering look as I felt a twinge of jealousy shoot through me.

He nodded and smiled back. "Nice to meet you, Lorna."

"You, too." She chirped, setting her hand on my thigh and stroking close to the inside, working upwards. A small smile played over Jake's mouth, obviously amused at Lorna's little show.

His radio blared at his hip, calling out a domestic. "I have to take off. Maybe I'll see you driving around later." He said, eyes knowing.

"Sure," I said, relief flooding through my body. So he hadn't saw what went on with Lorna and me? "See you later."

We watched him walk away, my mouth just about watering as my eyes swept over his body, admiring his ass moving underneath his uniform pants.

"We're going to make a little house call." I murmured as Jake drove away in his squad, looking over at my best friend and returning her grin.

Later that night, Lorna and I had parked a couple blocks away from Jake's house to prevent any chance of recognition, walking quickly the rest of the way. We went over our plan, if that's what it was called (it was basically just hope for an open window and spy on him until he went to sleep) and made sure our actions were in sync. 

"I can't believe we're doing this," I muttered to myself. But it wasn't in disbelief; it was in finalization, in excitement. My pussy tingled imagining Jake naked in front of my eyes, drinking him in.

"Come on." Lorna grabbed my hand and tugged me along, dashing through his dark front yard and going to a window well hidden by shadows on the side of the house.

"What time is his shift done?" she asked, stretching up on her toes to look into the window.

"Two in the morning." I whispered. Lorna pushed at the window, and with a surprised gasp from both of us it slid right up. She motioned me forward and I grabbed the sill, pulling myself up as Lorna pushed at my ass. 

"Now this is an interesting sight," she whispered with a chuckle, obviously staring at my naked ass underneath my skirt. I bit back my laughter and pulled myself through the window, falling unto the couch sitting in front it. I sat up and grabbed my lover's hands, helping her up and into the house.

My eyes strained to adjust to the pitch-blackness around us, and Lorna entwined her fingers in mine to keep us from losing each other. "Lets look around." Lorna urged.

We took a look through his living room, kitchen, and den where he kept a computer. Our last stop was his bedroom, which had a big king-size bed and TV directly in front of it. We had found a flashlight in the kitchen, and Lorna used it to inspect a stack of video's we spotted beside the TV.

"It's porn." She said and named a couple of the titles, almost half of them lesbian sex porn's.

"Looks like your officer likes girl-girl action." Lorna whispered, and added with a note of smugness, "It'll be easier to fuck him than you think, as long as you have me."

"You're not touching him." I said playfully, taking hold of her hips and pulling her against me. "I don't share."

Lorna giggled. "Don't share me, or your cop, Tara?"

"Mmmm, neither." I murmured and pushed her down unto the bed, Jake's scent in the down comforter beneath her. I caught sight of the brightly illuminated clock besides the bed.

"He'll be back anytime now." I said tugging Lorna's shirt up and over her head, and then slipping her shorts and panties off. She moaned softly as I sucked one of her hard little nipples into my wet mouth, my tongue flicking and circling around it. It felt so deliciously naughty to be making out on Jake's bed, the cop I wanted so badly my body ached. 

"Eat my pussy," Lorna groaned hotly. "Let me feel your hot little tongue on me."

I slid down my lover's body, trailing my tongue over her belly and dipping the tip into her navel, spreading her thighs wide as I buried my mouth between her warm, wet cunt lips. I sucked her swollen clit, lapping at it with my tongue, her hips humping up into my face for more.

"Yes...more, Tara! Put your tongue inside me..."

Her moans grew louder as I shoved my tongue deep in her tight pussy, fucking in and out of her as I used my fingers to rub her throbbing clit. Her body tensed, and I knew she was ready to cum.

"Ahhh, yes, I'm going to cum...Tara..." Lorna clamped her thighs around my head, grinding hard into my mouth as her body shook with the intensity of her orgasm. She lifted her head, a satisfied little smirk on her pretty face.

"Get up here and sit on my face." She told me.

I stood and stripped the rest of my clothes off, crawling over Lorna to lightly rest my ass on her chest. She circled her arms around my thighs and pulled me closer, her warm breath brushing over my hot cunt. I inhaled sharply as I watched her tongue sneak out of her mouth to nudge against my clit, lightly lapping and teasing at it. I let my head drop and thrust my hips forward, pushing harder into Lorna's warm mouth and moaning softly as she gently sucked my clit.

The sound of a door slamming jarred me from my reverie, momentarily freezing both of us. Lorna stared up at me, wide-eyed, and I scrambled from the top of her, grabbing her hand. I pulled her into the closet, softly closing the door behind us and peering through the thin wooden slats.

"Shit! Tara, our clothes..." Lorna whispered. I stared in horror at the pile in front of the bed, and my heart thumped painfully in my ears as I heard footsteps on the tile floor in the kitchen.

"Go, now!" she said frantically.

A light flicked on in the hall leading to the bedroom. My legs seeming to be made of rubber, I opened the closet door, and, keeping out of sight as much as I possibly could, grabbed the armful of clothes and sprinted back to the closet.

The closet door clicked closed as the bedroom light came on. I worked to slow my breathing and watched as Jake entered the room, stopping for a moment to look around. Did he see me...?

He shook his head and dropped his belt on the dresser, flicking on his TV as he unbuttoned his uniform shirt and tossed it on the foot of the bed, leaving him in a white t-shirt, vest, and uniform pants. 

"Nice." Lorna whispered her voice drowned out by the blaring TV. "Why don't we just take our chances and surprise him?"

"Are you crazy?" I whisper-cried. 

Jake removed his vest and t-shirt, the very sight of his naked chest and trim stomach sending waves of intense desire throughout my body. My heart jumped when I saw Jake pick up a hanger, unbutton and unzip his uniform pants, slide them off, and neatly fold them over the hanger leaving him in a pair of boxer briefs. Glancing behind me in the dimly lit space, I could see a couple other pairs of pants hanging up.

"Lorna..." I whispered, almost dizzy from panic. "He's going to open the closet."

There was absolutely no room in the closet to hide, either. Almost in slow motion, Jake reached out to grasp the closet doorknob, and I closed my eyes as it slowly creaked open.

"Shit." He swore as the phone blared from the living room. He hooked the hanger around the closet knob and rushed out of the room to answer it.

Lorna breathed a sigh of relief. "Jesus, that was close."

Who is he getting a call from at two thirty in the morning? I wondered silently to myself, feeling a little spike of jealous go through my stomach. I didn't have much time to dwell on it, because Jake came back into his bedroom, phone in hand.

"You must have been seeing things," he said, sitting down on the foot of his bed. "Tara? That doesn't sound like her. Yeah, I saw her in the parking lot, but she was just sitting in the car with her friend." He chuckled, listening. "Her little friend was all over her in the car when I went over to say hi...yeah, her hand was practically between her legs...man, I almost put a dent in the side of her car seeing that."

Lorna giggled in my ear, her hands slipping down to rest on my hips and pull me back against her warm body. "I told you he wanted it."

I couldn't really believe what I had heard, but I knew I liked it. Hearing those words gave me a sudden courage I hadn't had all night, and I found myself looking forward to when he would be asleep. 

Jake chatted a little longer about his shifts the rest of the week with the caller and hung up, sitting quietly for a moment before getting up to flick off both the TV and bedroom light. He yawned and crawled into his bed, pulling a light cotton flat sheet half over his body and settling.

Lorna and I remained completely silent for at least an hour, curled up next to each other on the closet floor. Finally, she pulled me close. "Lets go. I'm fucking horny and I want to watch him put his cock in you."

I grinned in the darkness. "Ok. But lets crawl across the floor to keep out of sight. Did you see the handcuffs?"

A quiet jingle and she nudged two pair into my hands. "Seems your officer is well prepared," she whispered. "These were here in the closet."

"All right. You take one pair and get his left; I'll take one pair and get his right. And Lorna...if he says no, he says no, ok?" I whispered warningly. 

"What else do you think I'd do?" she whispered back in mock surprise.

I reached up and twisted the doorknob, cringing as it gave a minute squeak. It slowly swung open and I started out on my knees, moving as quickly but as quietly as possible. Jake stirred and I froze, crouching low to the ground, my heart thumping like a freight train as he settled again. I waited a minute and continued, rising up on my side of the bed. Lorna was there, poised and ready.

We nodded at each other and grabbed an arm, slapping the cuffs around Jake's wrists and cuffing him comfortably to a post on the headboard above his head. He awoke as we pulled his arms upward, Lorna almost losing her grip as he roared in protest.

"What the fuck is going on?" he cried angrily, yanking at his restraints. Lorna flicked the bedroom light on, momentarily blinding all three of us and sending Jake into another fit of rage. 

"Officer, officer." Lorna crooned, circling to her side of the bed and sitting next to him. "No need to be angry."

His green eyes narrowed and he looked over at me. "What's going on, Tara?"

I smiled and shrugged. "Nothing that you aren't going to enjoy, Jake. But if you don't want this...tell us now, and we'll leave."

Lorna trailed her fingers over his chest, lightly tweaking his nipples and continuing downward, running just underneath the waistband of his boxer briefs. I sat on his other side, reaching out to trace my fingertips along his strong jaw line and joining Lorna's fingers underneath his waistband. 

"You know, we're naked...so you should be, too." I said matter of factly. Not hearing any words of disapproval, Lorna and I began pulling his boxer briefs down, a shiver of excitement filling my belly as Jake lifted his hips accommodatingly and allowing us to yank them off. Here he was, the cop I had wanted so badly for so long...completely at my disposal. 

Jake's cock was hard and growing harder as our eyes feasted on him, and I couldn't hold myself back from wrapping my hand around his thick cockmeat. He groaned and inhaled sharply as I ran my fingers over the tip, his green eyes glowing lustfully. 

"I'm hungry," Lorna said with a wicked grin. 

We crouched down on either side of his cock and slowly ran our tongues from the base to the tip, tracing the bulging veins and circling the swollen head. I opened my mouth and took him deep into my throat, sucking hungrily, bobbing up and down his length as Lorna worked on his balls. The metal rattle of the cuffs against wood was loud as Jake strained against them, his hips pushing his hard cock further into my mouth. He was stiff and throbbing, rasping loudly as Lorna and I continued licking and sucking him.

"I want to see his cock in your pussy." Lorna murmured, lifting her head. "Don't you, officer?"

"Yes," Jake said breathlessly. "Sit on my cock and ride me, Tara."

I didn't need further encouragement. Straddling his thighs, I raised myself up over his member and held it in my hand, lowering myself directly over it and teasingly rubbing it around in circles on my clit. Lorna threw her leg over his chest, facing me, and rested her cunt on his mouth; gasping softly when he opened his mouth to eagerly suck on her clit.

Lorna replaced my hand on Jake's cock with hers, her brown eyes watching as I began sliding down his shaft, my pussy grabbing and wrapping around him like a glove. I bit my lip, cutting off the cry of ecstasy that built in my throat feeling him completely fill me as I took him all in.

"Jake," I whimpered, squeezing my muscles tightly around him. He moaned low in his throat, his tongue and mouth busily lapping and slurping at Lorna's sweet pussy. My best friend moaned along with him, grinding her dripping cunt harder into his face. Lorna steadied herself against me and brought her face between my thighs, lightly circling my clit with her tongue as I began a slow rotation with Jake deep inside me, feeling him grown even harder.

Lorna sat up and I reached out to pinch her nipples, twisting them and groaning when she did the same to mine. I began to ride Jake's cock hard, up and down, slamming him to the hilt in my tight wetness, Lorna's cries of pleasure growing louder as he tongue fucked her. 

"Yes...ahhh, yes, I'm going to cum!" Lorna said hotly, pussy buried in Jake's mouth. "Tara...cum for me, baby...make him cum inside you..."

I closed my eyes, clenching tight around Jake and feeling my orgasm building hearing my best friend cumming. "Cum inside me, Jake...let me feel your hot cum in me!"

"Ride me faster, Tara," Jake cried, his body arching sharply. "Ahhh, yes, you feel so good around my cock!"
