 The 4-hour drive to Galena, Illinois was both relaxing and exciting for Fabiola. It had been a while since Jonathan and Fabiola had taken a break from their busy lives. Fabiola, on the spur of the moment suggested they take a 3-day holiday and find a nice secluded cabin for the weekend. As Jonathan made the reservations, Fabiola packed a few groceries into a box, enough to last the weekend and began to pack their clothes into a suitcase. Fabiola smiled to herself knowing that their time may be spent without clothing. Once everything was set, Jonathan and Fabiola took off to a lakeside cabin near Galena.

Fabiola sat back and relaxed in her seat. The smooth turns and slight curves of the road soothed Fabiola to a peaceful sleep. In her dream, Fabiola saw herself and Jonathan making love. Jonathan gently massaged and nibbled on her breasts causing Fabiola to moan, instinctively Fabiola spread her legs apart to give Jonathan access to the jewel between her thighs….not want to disappoint her Jonathan carefully caressed all of Fabiola's body. He lowered himself to her flower and stared at its unique beauty, and carefully inserted one finger and then a second finger. His fingertips became an instrument of pleasure as he dipped them deep into Fabiola's moist womanhood. Faster and faster he dipped his fingers until Fabiola arched her back and with a low moan announced her pleasure had just been released. Jonathan loved watching Fabiola's facial expressions when she had an orgasm, but even more, he enjoyed watching the physical reactions of her pussy. 

Upon watching his wife's pussy release love's nectar, his primal urge took over and replaced his fingers with his tongue. It was now Jonathan's tongue that was urgently being dipped into Fabiola's pussy. Fabiola felt like she was going to melt from the pleasure that Jonathan was giving her and following his rhythm she bucked her hips and thrust herself toward his mouth and tongue…until she found herself releasing more of her pussy's nectar in Jonathan's mouth. Jonathan raised himself up and again began to caress Fabiola, he caressed her hair, her breasts, and slowly again lowered his touch to her juicy flower. Fabiola sighed knowing that Jonathan would torment her until she had several orgasms before replacing his fingers and his mouth with his hard cock. The thought of his hard cock buried deep inside her made Fabiola tremble with anticipation and lust. 

It was then that Fabiola slowly opened her eyes and realized that she was still in her husband's car and found Jonathan's fingers were moving over the cotton panel that covered her pussy. He began to caress her inner thigh, working their way up to her pussy. Jonathan had slid her skirt up high to give himself access to her pussy; he had heard her moan as she slept and thought it would be erotic to caress his wife as she slept. Perhaps even to bring her to an orgasm while she slept. Fabiola could not contain her arousal and slid her panties off. She spread her legs open to allow Jonathan to enter her with his fingers; lucky for them their car had cruise control. Jonathan began to rub Fabiola's love button, gently at first until it grew to an aroused state, and then his touch began to quicken. Despite the lack of space, Jonathan was able to insert two of his fingers deep into Fabiola's pussy and pump them as deep as they could go until Fabiola came on his fingers. 

"Oh baby. That's it….I'm going to come" Fabiola said as her husband fucked her with is fingers. 

"Mmmm, babe, that's so fucking hot," was all Jonathan could manage to say as he fingered his wife and drive all at the same time.

Fabiola felt tingly all over as she felt herself cum on her husband's fingers, the heavily traveled countryside added to her arousal. She watched Jonathan's excited state, and thought to herself, "Why not give the truckers a little show…"

With a wicked smile, she asked her husband to recline the driver's seat just a little to give her a few more inches of room. She the slid her skirt off and smiled at her husband as she went down to his zipper and took out his hard cock and put it in her mouth. Jonathan's moan of pleasure indicted that he enjoyed her plan. She took his cock into her mouth and licked the head, just then a trucker on the driver's side began to hook his horn and yell out what sounded like words of encouragement or maybe he wanted them to stop nearby to watch or join in. Jonathan ignored the trucker, and continued to drive as best as he could. Jonathan felt his wife loving lick up and down his shaft and gently sucking his cock's head. He tried to keep his thoughts on the road but as he looked over, he saw his wife kneeling on her seat with her ass to the window and her free hand fingering her pussy. What a sight for the drivers on her side of the car. Jonathan knew that the tinted glass was not able to block out everything and he knew that the cars and trucks that drove next to him were able to view this erotic scene. 

Jonathan felt his wife moan and hum as she brought herself to an orgasm, and in return it was she that sucked urgently his cock….he felt his balls rise up as his seed quickly traveled up his shaft and into his mouth's wife. 

"Ohhh…baby….that's it…swallow all of it" Jonathan said as he held his wife's head down as she swallowed his seed. He trembled as he felt Fabiola swallow every single drop of his essence just as she had done many times, but the newness of this experience made both them experience a longer orgasm. Fabiola raised her head up, tucked her husband's cock back in his pants and rearranged herself. 

It wouldn't be too long before they arrived at the cabin. After Jonathan checked them in, it would only be a few miles to the cabin. The cabin was indeed as beautiful as it had been described. The reservation clerk gave Jonathan and Fabiola a list of events for that weekend. Although it was summer, the place looked rather empty and only encountered a few people as they walked the nature trail that led to the cabins. After unpacking the groceries, Jonathan suggested that they go into town to buy a few more things. Fabiola changed into a more comfortable denim dress and Jonathan into a polo shirt and shorts. They went into town as much to Fabiola's surprise; the movie theater was having an afternoon showing of "Gone With The Wind". 

"Oh Jon, they're showing my favorite movie over there" as she pointed to the old fashioned movie theatre. "Don't you think it will be great if we can see it on the big screen?" she asked.

Jonathan wasn't really in the mood to watch a long movie so he refused. She begged him, explaining that she had always wanted to see the classic movie in a theater, even though she had watched the movie a 100 times. Seeing how much it meant to her, Jonathan relented and took his wife by the hand and they bought tickets to the movie.

The movie theater was practically empty except for a few employees and a few movie patrons. As they walked into the theater that was showing Fabiola's favorite movie, Jonathan noticed that the balcony area was also available. Taking Fabiola by the hand, they walked up to the balcony and waited for the movie to start. The lights went dim and the old movie theater began to darken as the movie began to play on the big screen. Jonathan knew he was going to fall asleep, since he had – like his wife, watched this movie a 100 times. 

After a half hour Jonathan was completely asleep, Fabiola nudged Jonathan awake, but he closed his eyes again. Fabiola knew that he would not wake up unless she tempted him with a tastier sight than "Scarlet O'Hara."

Again she nudged her husband, Jonathan opened his eyes and Fabiola whispered in his ear "I am not wearing any underwear or bra underneath my dress." And to prove to him, she slowly unbuttoned her denim dress, revealing nothing but a tan skin.

"Do you like the way this dress looks on me or should I take it off?" Fabiola asked him. 

Jonathan could only muster a nod and with a one word gave his response, "Off."

Fabiola let her dress fall to the sticky ground and sat back down on her seat. "Are you going to sit like that?" he asked, "there are people down in the lower aisles…they can see you." 

Fabiola just gave him a sly smile and sat back down. Try as he might Jonathan, could not concentrate on the screen, but Fabiola maintained her seductive pose in her seat. As scenes from the movie continued to play, Fabiola gently took Jonathan's hand and placed it on her nipple, urging him to massage her left tit. Not needing further instruction, Jonathan massaged and tweaked her tits until both nipples were crying out for attention. Fabiola turned her body toward Jonathan, lifting the armrest that divided them. She faced him as to give him full front access to her breasts. Jonathan knowing how much his wife enjoyed his lips on her tits began to kiss and gently nurse her boobs.

"Mmmm…..that feels nice" Fabiola moaned as she felt herself orgasm ripple through her body; she then started spreading her legs to guide Jonathan's hand and fingers to her hot and wet pussy. 

Jonathan was very excited at the thought of being in a movie theater and about to make love to his wife ---- no ---- he was going to FUCK his horny wife. Just the thought alone of having someone that was seated in the rows below glance up and witness this erotic scene – brought Jonathan to an even more aroused state. He stood up, took Fabiola by the hand to stand her up and told her to "assume the position." 

"Assume the position I said!" Jonathan ordered. "I want to fuck you while you face the screen" he said.

Fabiola looked at him a little surprised so she faced the balcony railing with her legs spread apart. However, surprised was not the right world to describe the naughty sensation she felt as Jonathan caressed all of her body with his hands but forcefully pumped two of his fingers in her vagina. He pushed her upper body forward, so now she was bending at the waist, a little bit over the balcony railing. Once in the position he used his tongue and fingers to bring her to another orgasm as he licked her pussy from behind. Fabiola could only shudder and moan quietly as she responded to his touch. 

For Jonathan and Fabiola it was as if the world did not exist, even as Rhett Butler and Scarlet O'Hara drove through the burning city of Charleston, the scene between the couple was hotter than the one projected on the screen. Jonathan raised himself, unzipped his shorts and took out his hard cock and rammed it into his wife. 

"Ohhh god yes…mmmmm," she let out a loud moan as she felt her pussy stretch over his cock. 

With a slow teasing pace, Jonathan pulled out his hard member then slowly re-entered his wife's hot cave. Suddenly Jonathan looked to the screen and watched the actors in the movie kiss passionately; as he watched the movie scene unfold he began to quicken his pace, shoving himself deep inside Fabiola. He knew she was close by the way she was arching her back toward him. He slowly kissed her back as he drove his cock deep into her. In unison they came, Fabiola letting out one final loud whimper, released her nectar on her man's cock. Jonathan entranced by the warm nectar that covered his cock, gave one final thrust to unload his creamy white seed. 

For a few minutes they were still connected as if they were one body. Both hot and sweaty from their erotic moment, they kissed each other one more time before they separated their bodies. Still in that sexual trance they dressed and sat back down until the end of the movie. As they walked out to the lobby of the theater, the kids behind the refreshment counter gave them a look. 

And much to their surprise heard one kid say to his friend, "We should open up the balcony more often; you know we'll always get a chance to see someone get fucked up there." 

"Yep…" the other replied, "there's always one couple that ends up rockin' the balcony." 

The teens smirked as Fabiola and Jonathan walked by the concession stand. She knew they were talking about them so Fabiola turned toward the kids and gave them a sexy wink.