 I was dressed in my black zipper dress, thigh highs, black heels, no panties or bra. I walked in and found a table in the back corner where it is slightly darker but I could see everything going on in the club. Then I made my way to the bar to order a drink. The music was playing one of my favorite songs....Shania Twain's "Honey I'm home". I started to sway and dance just a little while I waited for my drink. I was looking around and I saw a man watching me. I gave him a smile and then.......

I watched this woman walk into the club. For some reason she struck me immediately.

She was, of course, attractive and dressed to kill, but there was something else about her that kept my attention. I watched as she took a seat in the back. She seemed to want to get a feel for the club, the crowd. She got up from her table and walked to the bar to get at drink. I followed her movements, smooth, sexy and provocative. She seemed to be interested in the song being played. I watched as she began to let her body feel the music. Her hips began to sway and she started to look around the bar, checking out the patrons. Her eyes caught mine and I felt drawn into her immediately. I picked up my drink and casually walked to where she was standing. 

"Good evening," I said. "My name is Jack."

"Hello Jack! Nice to meet you! My name is Amanda"

"I have to say you look stunning" He said.

"Well thank you!"

"You're quite welcome."

"Would you like to share a table?" He asked, in a slightly shy way.

"Sure, I grabbed a table back there, you are welcome to join me if you would like."

I started to walk towards my table. As I moved away I felt his eyes taking me in from behind. I blushed slightly at the knowledge that under my dress is nothing. I wondered what his reaction would be if he only knew. Would the opportunity arise to let him see? Just a glimpse perhaps? I looked back to see if he was following me to the table and noticed that he is still standing there watching me. I smiled again and curled my finger at him, in that come here motion.

She turned and began to return to her table. I could only stand there and watch her walk away from me. My eyes seemed to drink in each bit of her as she walked away. She had me so dazed. As I contemplated the possibilities, she glanced back to see if I was following. When she noticed that I was still in place she crooked a finger and beckoned me to join her. I began to make my way to her table. 

As I reached the table, he was still only partway across the club. This was my chance. I "accidentally" dropped my cocktail napkin as I went to place it on the table and had to bend over to pick it up. I knew that the short dress I was wearing would ride up just enough to allow a quick peek if he was watching closely. I straightened up and took my seat as he, wide-eyed, finished making his way to the table and took a seat on the bench next to me.

We sat down and chatted a bit about the day, the weather, and our drinks. I asked her to dance and she agreed. I took her hand and led her to the dance floor. As we reached the dance floor the song "The Closer I get to you!" began to play and she squeezed my hand a little. I put my arm around her waist and held the other and we began to move to the beat of the music. As the dance continued I pulled her closer to me. My hand began to descend slowly from her waist, searching for something that would confirm what I thought I had seen. I knew as I approached the table earlier that she had bent to pick up her napkin and flashed me what was under that dress. My eyes told me there was nothing there but my brain was still having trouble conceiving it. So my hand descended as we swayed to the song. It continued down until I was sure that she had nothing on under the dress. By this time I was rock hard and I knew she had to be feeling me as we danced. I let my hand fall further searching following the curve of her ass. I kept moving until the hem of her dress was at my finger tips. Then as slowly as it descended, my hand began to return toward her waist, feeling the contour of her ass again. However, this time my hand was bringing her dress back with it.

As we began to dance, I felt his hand trail downward and knew exactly what he was doing. He was trying to confirm in his mind that he had seen what he thought he saw. I pressed myself into him a little tighter. I felt the bulge in his pants grow and become harder with each step we took. His hand moved further and further down until it reached the hem of my skirt. Then, I felt it begin to move upward. Suddenly, I felt the air temperature change on my ass and knew that he had raised my skirt with his hand. My bare ass peeked out of the bottom of my skirt. I knew that anyone behind me could see and was thankful that the club was so full and dark. Part of me wanted to be seen like this and part of me was totally embarrassed by my naughtiness. His hand moved until it was cupped my butt cheek and pulled me even closer forcing me to rub against his growing bulge with each dance step we took.

I stared down into her eyes looking for a reaction. She stared back seemingly defiant, daring me to continue. My hand cupped her cheek and my fingers grazed ever so close.

As his finger glazed ever closer to my warm, lower lips, I felt my knees weaken. I leaned even tighter into him. His finger tip just tickled over my slit and danced across my clit. A moan escaped my mouth as his lips pressed against mine.

She moaned ever so slightly as I touched her. Tracing the outline of her lips and reaching for her clit. She leaned into me and I held her close. Even in the dark, I knew we were being watched.

We both knew that we were being watched and for a moment hesitated, and then it suddenly no longer mattered. The world around us disappeared. All that existed was the two of us and the moment we were in. Our lips parted slightly and our tongues met for the first taste. 

I kissed her lightly at first, not knowing how far we would chance to go. But as my courage grew so did my passion. Our lips parted and our tongues danced. My left hand continued to raise her skirt. Her ass was fully exposed to everyone there, but we didn't care. As far as we were concerned there was no club, no public, no dance floor, even the music had faded into the background. There was just she and I, only the two of us, melding into one. There was a moment's notice of where we were and what we were doing. I broke the magical kiss, took her hand and made for the door. Astonished looks followed us as we moved.

As he broke the kiss, we noticed that the music had stopped. He took my hand and started for the door, but I resisted and motioned to the table. For one thing, my purse was still there. And for another, I did not think my legs would carry me any further than that. Reluctantly, he agreed. We quickly made for the dark table in the corner, and slid onto the bench. He moved closer and closer pressing me into the darkest corner of the booth. His hand slowly, gently tracing circles on my inner thigh..

I wanted this woman as bad as I could ever remember wanting anyone before. I was racing for the exit when she stopped me and motioned for the table. I couldn't believe she wanted to stay, but I had forgotten about here purse and belongings. She slid into our booth and I followed next to her. I pursued her into the darkness kissing her as we moved. My hand went to her knee and I began to move up her thigh. Moving up little by little, already knowing what I would find when I got to the end. She was beginning to moan again as I came closer to her pussy. She moved in the seat, letting her legs spread wider, making my access easier. Finally I reached my destination. She was wet with anticipation and already dripping onto my fingers. I found her clit and began to rub it. Her moans increased and I knew that anyone nearby could hear us above the music. She was so wet that I slipped one, then two fingers in easily. She moaned again and gladly accepted their penetration. She reached out for my pants and worked to undo the button. Our predicament in the booth made it difficult to maneuver well. She tried the zipper on my pants but it wouldn't budge. My hand reached down and I helped. Our fingers touched and it was like a jolt of electricity. She reached in and grabbed my hardened cock I felt another jolt.  It jumped at her touch and ached for more. I don't remember being this hard for anyone before. She grasped it and began to stroke me. I uttered a moan to match any of hers. Her touch was exciting, erotic, naughty and practiced. I continued to move my fingers in and out of her pussy. I could feel her orgasm build, her pleasure increasing. My thumb worked her clit as my fingers increased in speed. She continued to stroke me and tried to match the pace of my hand. I felt her twitch as she orgasmed around my fingers.



As his fingers worked my pussy and his thumb worked my clit, I stroked hard on his cock. I rubbed my finger over the tip of his cock, the head, down the length of him, and continuing to engulf his balls before starting the return trip to the top. I matched his pace as well as I could. Our passion increased to near climax quickly. It was obvious that this was something we both wanted and needed. We were lost in the moment. As I began to cum on his fingers, I could feel him tense and knew that he was about to cum too. As he shot his cum under the table and I came on his fingers, I pressed my mouth tight to his to muffle the noises that threatened to escape my lips. It was a deep, passionate, almost animalistic kiss that can only accompany mutual orgasm.

As soon as I felt her come on my finger my cock flexed and I began to shoot under the table. The excitement and passion we had built had me jetting my cum seemingly across the room. I'm sure it hit the other bench. I kissed her deeply, trying to stifle our moans. The kiss only increased the passion as we came for each other, sending another set of jolts through our bodies. My tongue searched for hers as we continued to kiss, as our bodies spasmed in ecstasy. Our breathing and heart rates ever so slowly returned to normal. Nothing this powerful could end quickly or easily. She continued to stroke me. I was so aroused by her passion that I remained as hard as when we had started. I continued to kiss her as I pushed on the table leg. It gave a little and I moved it more. I sat up on the bench and pulled her onto my lap. She raised herself slightly and positioned me at the entrance. There would be no resistance in entering her pussy; she was wet and ready to take my cock. She slid down on me and I filled her. I reached up and took the straps to her dress down her shoulders leaving only here breasts to hold it in place. As she rose off my cock I kept hold of the straps and the dress fell from her breasts.

As we kissed, he pulled me into his lap. My wet pussy slid easily down on his hard cock. His hands began to remove the straps of my dress. Again that thought of others watching and how naughty this was crossed my mind. However, instead of making me want to stop.....It only made the passion and desire stronger. I rose up and lowered myself on his cock. I rode him hard with the overwhelming passion burning in me. I kissed his lips, tasting him. My hands traced all of him; his face, his chest, his shoulders. I wanted to memorize every inch of him and of the moment.

As she moved on my cock she began to run her hands across my face, my shoulders, and my chest. Her touch was continually electric. She bent for another kiss. The passion was still there. Mouths parted. Tongues engaged in a dance of their own. She lifted her head and moaned and I bent forward to kiss her breasts. Her nipples were hardened and in need of attention. I kissed one, then the other. I took one in my mouth and began to suck on it, extending it even further. I gently bit. Increasing the pressure, she moaned in appreciation and held my head in place. I reached up and began to rub her other nipple, squeezing it tight between my thumb and finger. She arched toward me and moaned again, all the while moving up and down my cock. Even though I had just come, this passion had me on the edge again. I knew she was as well. She increased her motion and held my head. I continued sucking, biting and pinching her breasts. Her motions began to increase in earnest and I knew we were approaching another moment. There was no club, no table, no world; just these two people, sharing a passionate coupling. Her movements increased and her pussy grabbed my cock and I knew I was about to explode once more. She screamed and sat down on me hard. We grabbed each other in a lovers embrace and I came in her as she came on me. It was like nothing I'd ever experienced before.

As he licked, sucked and pinched my nipples, I continued moving up and down on his cock. As we both reached another climax a scream burst from me. It was the most intense orgasm either us had ever experienced. I collapsed onto his chest with his head pressed tight to me. We were locked in the embrace of afterglow. Slowly, the world around us began to return. We laughed at our incredible naughtiness. We straightened ourselves up a bit, grabbed my purse and made a mad dash for the backdoor of the club. Having thought ahead, we had parked as close to the backdoor as we could get. We were in our car, pulling out of the parking lot and headed towards home before anyone else could have made the door. We were laughing all the way.