 It was just another lazy day off that I had been enjoying thoroughly when I decided to drop by my wife Lindy's office to pay a little visit. I knew she liked the surprise of seeing me unexpectedly but I didn't expect the surprise I was about to get. 

"Lindy isn't here," the office manager Patrice said.

"Do you expect her back soon?" 

"Oh, not for at least two hours. She went to the office supply store and had to get a lot of stuff we were low on."

"Well, I drove all the way in for nothing then," I said with obvious disappointment.

"You can wait if you want, that is if you don't have anything else to do. We aren't seeing patients today. The doctor is out of town for the day."

"I guess I can. I don't have anything else to do and don't really want to waste a trip."

As I turned to walk into the patient waiting room, Patrice told me I should wait in her office. "It's got more comfortable chairs."

I turned and walked down the hallway toward her office, passing the patient rooms that were empty as she had mentioned they would be. The first thing I noticed in her office was a small box that seamed to be covered in very fine and expensive appearing leather. I sat for a few moments just idly looking around when my eyes came back to the box.

I wonder what is in there? I thought to myself.

"Would you like something to drink?" Patrice asked, catching me off guard and startling me.

"No thank you. I'm fine, just had something on the way here."

"Well, let me know if there is anything you need." She looked me up and down quickly, again catching me off guard. 

"Okay, thanks."

I was beginning to get bored and it had only been about four minutes since I arrived. I took one more look around, taking note of all the pictures on the walls. It seems that Patrice has a lot of guy friends. I wasn't surprised; as Patrice was a beautiful, successful girl. 

I took one more glance around and suddenly decided to make a hasty inspection of the little leather-covered box. I had to do this quickly or I would get caught and that could mean trouble for Lindy.

"Holy shit!" I bit my tongue; I was completely stunned to find what was in the little box.

"What in the hell is this thing?" I whispered to nobody.

"That is a moldable butt plug." Patrice said from the doorway.

Oh, motherfucker. I am a dead man and Lindy is fired for sure, I thought to myself as I sat staring at Patrice. I couldn't say a word. 

"It's okay." she says in a breathless kind of way. She took a few slow steps toward me.

"It is?" I stammered.

"Sure, I kind of figured you would see that pretty little box and want to see what was in it. I just got it today. I ordered it from India." 

"Wow! That's a long way for a butt plug to travel." I said, trying to bring a little humor in to play.

"Yes it is. But I saw it in a porno magazine and decided I wanted it, since I enjoy anal sex so much. Actually I enjoy all sex. More than anyone who works here knows about."

"Really?" I choked. I was really beginning to feel strange now. Her eyes were locked onto mine as she spoke.

Patrice was just a few feet away as she reached out for the butt plug. She began to shape it and mold it very slowly. Then she glanced up at me and asks me if I wanted to see how it worked. "You did say you were bored..." I said yes figuring it came with an instructional video or something. I thought she would be plugging it into the VCR that I had noticed earlier. Then I remembered she said she had seen it in a porno magazine and I knew then that what she was going to show me was not on videotape. 

I was completely captivated as she shut the door to the office and walked over to my chair. She handed me the butt plug and turned as if to go to the box. As she glanced over her shoulder she asked me if I had ever had anal sex. My heart was racing. I kind of laughed and said no, that I had never had anal sex but that I had done Lindy in the butt before. She just laughed and said that I knew what she meant. I said yes and that I was just a little nervous. Patrice asked if I am uncomfortable with what is going on and I told her of course not. I am an opened-minded person. And that particular philosophy was about to pay off big-time...

"Good." She says, as she unzips her skirt. 

My eyes nearly bulge out when she drops the skirt to her feet and I see that she nothing on underneath. No panties or pantyhose. She was completely nude under her skirt. I looked her in the eye and without saying anything; I slowly glanced down at her pussy. It was very pretty. Just a light patch of dark pubic hair with some of the most inviting pussy lips I have ever seen. I was getting a hard-on very quickly. She must have noticed because she glanced at my crotch and smiled. Without any warning she pulled her sweater over her head and I found out she was completely nude under all of her clothing. What a body. I sat there with a raging hard on; I needed to adjust it considering I wasn't expecting this to happen and my dick wasn't in a good position to get hard. It was pressing hard against my jeans. I tried to adjust it by shifting in my seat but it didn't help. 

"What's wrong, Stephen?" she asked, standing naked before me.

"Nothing. I just didn't expect this."

"I think your dick is hurting you since it is so hard and all pinned up."

Patrice walked over and reached out to my crotch. She slowly unzipped and unbuttoned my jeans. Her hand was a little cold but it felt like fire to me when she reached into my underwear and grasped my now throbbing dick. 

She smiled and looked up at me. "I like what I found." 

"I like that you found it!" I stammered.

"Well, lets have a look see."

She lightly pulled at my cock indicating that she wanted me on my feet. This was one woman who knew how to take control. I stood up with high hopes of what was about to happen. 

"I love anal sex but I like to just plain fuck when I do a guy for the first time." She says leading me by the dick to her desk.

I couldn't say a word. I was thinking, This can't be happening. Patrice then reached out and successfully pushed everything on her main desk on to the top of the smaller desk next to it. 

She sat on the edge of her desk and spread her lovely legs open, showing me her beautiful cunt. "Feel how wet I am!"

I reached between her legs and sure enough, that pussy was so wet you could float a boat in it. I ran my fingers up and down her juicy slit. I found her clit very easily since she was so excited. 

"Oh shiitttttttttt! I'll cum if you keep that up." Her eyes rolled back in her head and she threw her head back in ecstasy. "Go ahead, stick you fingers inside me."

I pushed two fingers deep inside her pussy. After a few minutes of slow, wet finger-fucking, Patrice grabbed my arm and squeezed.

"I'm cummmmmiiiinggggggggg!!!!! She screamed.

I had to have some of this pussy now. My cock was as hard as steel and pushing up against my belly. I pushed her over the desk and without any hesitation, shoved my dick all the way inside her doggy style. I began to power fuck her like a mad man. Her pussy was so tight I thought I would lose circulation to my balls. I was fucking her so hard that I had completely forgotten the butt plug. 

"Here." She said, whimpering, and handed me the butt plug. "Shove it hard in my ass!"

I rubbed it in some of her pussy juice that was gathered around the base of my dick and rubbed her ass hole with it. She began to whimper a little louder and squirm a lot. I began to push against that tight little rose bud asshole when all of a sudden she lunged backward and impaled her ass on it.

"Oh god that feels so fucking good!"

"Fuck me bitch!" I panted.

She began to tremble then she began to shake. I knew that if I kept this up she was gonna have an earth shaking orgasm. I began fucking her even harder. I kept jamming her ass with the butt plug from India when all of a sudden she just screamed a gurgling, crying, panting roar. I figured the whole block knew what was going on by then. 

"Oooh, yeah...I'm getting close." I panted.

I reached out and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her back onto my dick as hard as I could. I then decide to see just how well she liked it up the ass. I tossed the plug onto her desk. I jerked my dick out of her pussy, pushed her forward, then pulled with all my might as I aimed my glistening, dripping cock at her now gaping asshole. I shoved it all the way to my balls on the first lunge.

"Oh my fucking...." She started to yell, but just as she got the last of the scream out, she passed out, falling limp onto her desk. 

I continued pounding her ass for maybe one more minute and I dumped one of the biggest loads of jism in her ass that I have ever unloaded.

"Lindy should be here just about anytime." Patrice says from the door.

I come awake with a gasp. "Sorry. I didn't mean to fall asleep!"

"It's okay. Did you see what is in the box?" she asks pointing to the leather clad box that is in my lap.

"Well, no. I guess I fell asleep before I opened it."

"The lid just lifts off. It's a set of leather collars for my two cats."

I lift the lid and glance at two diamond studded feline collars. 

"This is high quality." I whisper loudly, trying to conceal the extremely hard cock that is so obvious.

"Yes, they better be. They cost a small fortune."

"I bet!"

"I think Lindy just walked in the door."

I set the box down and stand to head for the front when I notice a little tag on the edge of one of the collars.

ASSEMBLED IN INDIA.

Hmmm... isn't that odd. I think to myself as I turn to say hello to my wife.

"So, you fell asleep!" Linda says as I walk into the front.

"Yeah and I had the damnedest dream..."