 She stood in front of closet, naked with her wet hair wrapped up in a towel, staring at the line of clothing trying to decide what to wear for work that day. She was the personal assistant to a well known architect and he expected his "girls" to have a professional and polished look at the office. The dress code was skirt suit and a blouse, in boring colors of black, navy and gray. Her hand reached out and stroked the leather skirt she had bought while she was in Italy on a business trip over the summer. It was cut a few inches above the knee and made from calf skin. She pulled it out and stared at it. Did she dare wear it to the office? It wasn't to short, and when she bought it, the salesperson had talked her into purchasing a matching jacket. She gently took the jacket from the hanger and shivered as the leather brushed her nipples. She carried the suit over to her bed and laid it down. She turned back to the closet and her eyes settled on a sapphire blue silk blouse, smiling, she pulled it out.

She laid the blouse next to the suit and went into the bathroom. She finished drying her hair. Her hair was one of the things she loved about herself. It was brown, but with red tones, so it would shimmer in the sunlight. She wrapped her hair in a bun and tucked in the loose strands. She put on some light makeup, mascara and blush and stepped back. She turned, looking at herself in the mirror. She was not an unattractive woman. She was about 5'5 with curves. Her breasts were also something she loved, they were a D cup and not at all saggy. She placed her hands under her breasts, giving them a little support. She rubbed her nipples and watched them harden and lengthen in the mirror. She faced the mirror and ran her eyes over her stomach, a little bit of a tummy, but not much. She dropped her hands from her breasts and ran a hand over her pussy. She had shaved that morning in the shower and it was soft from the oil she had spread after her shower. The pleasurable feeling of her fingers sliding over the soft skin made her shiver.

She slid a finger into her pussy slit and ran the tip over her clit. She had masturbated in the shower that morning, but was still feeling horny. It had been several days since she had the pleasure of a man's company and for her that was unusual. She had a very healthy sex drive and her few partners really enjoyed that aspect of her personality. Sadly, her regular partner was away on a business trip and she had been working late to finish some projects and by the time she would be free in the evening her male friends had all made plans or were in bed already. Sighing, she pulled her hand from her slit and licked off her finger, enjoying the taste of herself. She washed her hands, brushed her teeth and went back into her room. She chose a light blue lace bra and panty set from her drawer and decided to wear thigh high stockings. She pulled a light blue garter belt from the drawer as well. She sat down, sliding the stockings up one strong leg and then the other. The stockings gave her legs a little color. She slid on the garter belt, clipping it to the stockings and then sliding on her panties.

One of her lovers had encouraged her to wear the panties over the straps of the garter belt, so that she could keep on the stockings when they made love. He said the feeling of the silk wrapped around him was incredible as he slid his cock into her wet pussy. She smiled and quickly finished dressing. She smiled at herself in the mirror. The blue of the blouse did bring out her eyes and the leather was soft and supple.

An hour later, she was at her desk answering the phone and setting up meetings for the day. One of the architects in the firm came up to her desk and perched at a corner of it. She looked up at him as she finished a phone call. He was staring down the front of her blouse and she quickly buttoned another button. He frowned slightly at her. She hung up the phone.

"Was there something you needed, Mr. Demmik?" He leered at her. He had asked her out several times, each time receiving a polite, but firm rejection.

"You look very beautiful this morning, Genna. But is a leather suit really suitable for a reputable architect firm?"She scowled at him.

"If Mr. Parsons has an issue with my attire, then I will go home and change. Please get off my desk. I'm busy." He stood and adjusted his belt as he leaned down close to her.

"I appreciate your outfit. Let me take you out for a drink after work." She took a deep breath and sighed. She was beginning to tire of his advances and knew tongues would start wagging if they did ever have a date because Demmik had a hard time keeping his mouth shut about his conquests.

"No. Thank you, Mr. Demmik." She was saved by the ringing of the phone. "Excuse me." She picked up the line as he stepped back. "Parsons Architecture, this is Genna. How may I direct your call?" She heard a soft masculine laugh on the line.

"Good morning, sexy." She smiled as she heard a familiar voice on the line. "I was sitting in my car thinking about you and I got a raging hard on." His soft English accent was so sexy she shivered. 

"How can I help you?" Mr. Demmik was still standing nearby obviously not done with pestering her. Michael laughed again.

"Demmik near by? Does he know how hard I want to fuck your tight little cunt? Does he know how it feels to have your sweet lips wrapped around my cock as you ride my tongue?" She took a deep breath.

"No, sir." There was rumble of laughter from the phone and she could feel her cheeks flush.

"Are you free today, darling? I need to bury my cock in your cunt soon." She flipped open an appointment book, scanning the entries for the day. 

"There is an opening at eight-thirty and eleven o'clock, this morning. Everything else is booked."

"I'll take both. Bye, love." She hung up and penciled in appointments for both times that morning. Mr. Demmik had gone back to his desk. At eight-twenty, her boss, Michael Parsons, came storming out of the elevator and through the office. The other architects in the office hushed and all eyes followed the 6' foot, muscular frame as he stormed into his office, the door slamming into the wall as he threw it open.

"Genna, get in my office, now!" He bellowed. She cringed and gathered up a pen and a pad of paper. The eyes of the office were on her as she stood and went into his office. "Close the door!" He was standing before the large window, staring out it. She quickly closed the door and heard the automatic lock. She also pulled down the blinds, giving her co-workers a grimace as she looked out at them. She finished with the blinds and then turned back around. Mr. Parsons was staring at her. He crossed the room in a few long strides and grabbed her, slamming his mouth against hers. She kissed him back just as fiercely, their tongues dueling in each other's mouths. She snaked her hands under his jacket and onto his back.

"God, I needed that." His English accented voice was heavy with lust as he spoke into her mouth. He bit her bottom lip gently and pulled back. His hands resting on her shoulders he looked down and smiled. "Nice outfit. I'll have to scold you for breaking the dress code." He winked at her. She laughed quietly. He released her and walked over to his desk, leaning against it. She watched him, appreciating his body. He had short black hair and vivid green eyes. He was in his late thirties, never married and led a respectable life as far as the outside world was concerned. Her thoughts drifted for a moment as she looked at him.

Nearly a year ago the two of them had been working late one night, finishing up the design for a new shopping complex. Michael had been working hard with a team of the architects and he had to finish up the final draft. Genna had offered to help as much as she could. They had finished and were sitting in the conference room relaxing before cleaning up and heading out for the night. Genna was rubbing her shoulders trying to ease some of the tightening. She was not used to leaning over a table for so long, drawing and redrawing lines. 

She felt strong hands on her shoulders and she stiffened for a minute. The hands worked the muscles of her shoulders and she quickly relaxed. His fingers were nimble and seemed to ease the tension from the tight muscles. She heard him take a deep breath. He knelt next to her and turned her face to his. He kissed her softly and she sat there in shock for a moment. He was about to pull back when she responded by placing her hand on the back of his head and kissing him back. He moaned into her mouth as her tongue flicked against his own. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her from the chair, setting her on the table as they continued to kiss. They attacked each other's mouths, their tongues wrestling for domination over the other's mouths. He reached down and tugged her shirt out of her skirt. He quickly unbuttoned it as he moved his kisses along her cheek and down to her neck. He bit gently and she jumped. He slid the shirt off her shoulders. Her fingers played in his hair and she took a few steadying breaths.

"Mr. Parsons?" She asked her voice filled with bewilderment. He kissed her ear.

"Call me Michael." He whispered as his tongue flicked out to lick her ear. "What, love?"

"I am not sure we should be doing this." He nuzzled her neck. She buried her face against his neck, inhaling the scent of his cologne and his skin. He nibbled her neck and ear. He pulled back, but ground his cock against her pussy at the edge of the table.

"Do you want to stop?" He whispered as he looked at her. She looked up at him and realized that she wanted him. She had bit of a crush on him and now she was here, her pussy leaking its juices onto his pants. She shook her head no. He smiled at her and they kissed again. He reached down under her skirt and slid off her panties, lifting her ass off the table. He undid his pants and pushed them down. She grasped his cock in her hand and he moaned as her hot skin closed around it. She rubbed the tip against her clit and then he pulled her hand away. He pulled her to the edge of the table and slid his cock into her pussy. He moaned and his mouth found hers again. She undid his shirt and her fingers played over the muscles of his chest, her legs wrapping around his waist. He slammed his cock into her, the hot velvet depth enveloping his cock. She could hear the sound of her fucking and she moaned and writhed against him. 

He tipped her back and licked at her cleavage, one hand letting go of her hip to pull up her bra so one of her tits was free. He sucked the nipple into his mouth, nibbling and biting the hard nub. He continued to slam his hard prick into her wet pussy, her legs tightening around his waist. She bucked beneath him as she felt her orgasm begin to tighten her body.

"Fuck me, Michael. Fuck me." She gasped. He felt her pussy tighten as he sucked her breast into his mouth, his tongue flicking at the nipple. Her pussy was so tight; it was gripping his cock like it was trapped in a vice. He felt himself throb inside of her. Her orgasm exploding and the tightening and loosening of her muscles caused his orgasm to happen quicker then it normally did. He sprayed his cum into her pussy as he rested his head against her chest. Feeling her breathing heavily beneath him, he thrust his cock into her a few more times, enjoying the feeling as he filled her with his cum. He helped her sit up and they kissed for several minutes. She looked shy now and unsure of the situation. She rested her head on his shoulder.

"Genna?" She looked up at him. Michael put a hand under her chin. "I would like to see you on a regular basis. This isn't a boss taking advantage of a willing employee. We can take care of each other." She smiled and nodded. Now that she had him, she had to have him again and again.

She came back to reality when she felt a hand close over her breast. She looked up at Michael.

"Where did you go just then?" He squeezed her breast gently, pinching the nipple slightly and rubbing it between his fingers. She ran her hands up his chest to his neck.

"I was thinking about the conference room, when you seduced me." He chuckled and lifted her into his arms. He carried her over to his large office chair and sat her down. He knelt before her and reached up her skirt. His fingers danced over the top of the thigh highs and he smiled. He reached up to her panties and his fingers tickled over her pussy lips. He reached up to the waist band and slid them down her legs, kissing her thigh.

"I am so glad you listened and put the panties on last. I love the feeling of your legs in silk." He ran his hands down her legs as he removed her panties, stuffing them in a jacket pocket. He pulled her hips to the edge of the chair. "Spread your legs for me, love. Let me see that shaved pussy." She placed one foot on his desk and the other over his shoulder, spreading her pussy open before his eyes. He licked his lips, one hand playing with her breast, the other hand rubbing over her pussy mound, spreading around her juices and causing it to glisten in the sunlight from the windows. He leaned forward and took one long lick from her ass to the top of her slit causing her spine to bow and her pussy to push against his face.

"Oh yes." She whispered. "Lick my pussy." He took a few more licks along the pussy slit. He nuzzled at her pussy, his nose pushing against her clit.

"Hold your self open for me." She reached down and pulled her pussy lips apart. He tweaked her nipple and attacked her clit, a faint rumble, almost a growl, coming from him. He loved having his face buried in her pussy, almost as much as having his cock buried to the hilt inside of her. He flicked her clit with his tongue, watching her buck against his mouth. She bit her lip to keep from calling out. They had to be very quiet in the office like this, for the walls, though sound proof, did not block all noise.

They had discovered that one night when Michael had bellowed out when he came and seconds later there was timid knock on the door and a janitor asking if Mr. Parsons was okay. Genna had nearly dissolved into a fit of giggles as cum dripped down her face and breasts. Mr. Parson quickly assured the janitor he was fine and to have a good evening.

Genna ground her pussy against his face as he licked her clit. He pushed his tongue into her pussy and wiggled it around, feeling her pussy throb and clutch at his tongue. He pinched her nipple a few times and then used that hand to rub his cock through his slacks. He slid the other finger into her pussy, feeling it tighten around the digit. He curved it and ran it over her G-spot.

"Oh, baby. Make me cum all over your face." He laughed and attacked her clit with his tongue while he finger fucked her. He watched the muscles in her legs tighten and felt her pussy spam around his finger. Her clit throbbed against his tongue and then his mouth was flooded with her juices. He pulled back, watching her juices drip from her pussy onto the floor. He took one last lick of her slit and she shuddered. He laughed and opened a drawer. Pulling out a towel, he wiped his face clean and then used it to gently wipe her pussy, knowing she was sensitive. He wiped the chair and she stood, taking the towel to finish cleaning herself. He pulled her panties from his pocket and held them up to his nose as he stood. She held out a hand for them and he put them back in his pocket.

"I will hold on to them. So I know I can play with your pussy when ever I want today." She smiled and nodded. He kissed her and she licked the last of her juices from his mouth. She rubbed his cock.

"What about you? You're still hard." He glanced at the calendar on his desk and then the clock. It was nearly nine and he had a meeting with a woman wanting to design a hospital wing in memory of her husband.

"Will have to wait, love. I have a meeting with Mrs. Johnson in a few minutes." Genna laughed. The widow Johnson was a tawdry fifty-something woman who had been trying to get into Michael's pants for months. "Besides, Mrs. Johnson likes seeing my cock nice and hard. And I enjoy rebuffing her advances." She slapped his arm lightly. Genna didn't know if she was the only one fucking Michael, and she didn't care. She got to be with him on a regular basis and he was okay with her sleeping with other men when she wanted too. She straightened her skirt and he walked her over to the door, kissing her lightly on the lips. 

"Meet me in the bathroom at eleven? I want to bury my cock in your pussy." She nodded. He put a stern look on his face as she opened the door. "Next time you will dress in an appropriate manner for this office. Please escort Mrs. Johnson to my office when she arrives." He turned back into his office and she sat down at her desk. A few people glanced at her as she answered the phone and fielded phone calls.

At nine o'clock, a tall, blond woman strode into the office. Mr. Demmik jumped up from his desk to greet her. He chatted with her all the way to Genna's desk.

"Mrs. Johnson is here to see Mr. Parsons." Genna nodded and stood.

"Good morning, Mrs. Johnson." Mrs. Johnson ignored the greeting. Genna knocked on the office door frame. Michael was at his desk, his hand below it. He looked up and winked. "Your nine o'clock is here." He nodded. "Please, go in." Mr. Demmik walked Mrs. Johnson in and shut the door.

At ten forty-five, the door opened and Mr. Demmik and Mrs. Johnson walked out, her hand on his arm. Michael came out a few minutes later. He motioned to Sally, one of the other assistants. She came rushing over, a look of anticipation on her face.

"Sally, will you cover Genna's phone please? I need her to run an errand for me while I go to a lunch meeting." Sally frowned but nodded. She was trying to get the boss to notice her and today she had worn a low-cut red top and a black skirt. Genna had overheard a couple of the mail boys talk about the fun they had with Sally in the mail room one night. Something about being spread open over the copier. 

Genna followed Michael into the elevator after retrieving her bag. She stood next to him as the door closed. He reached down and grabbed her ass. 

"Go to the fourth floor in the men's room." He handed her a portfolio to drop off with the receptionist. He got off on the sixth floor and Genna rode the elevator down to the fourth. She stepped off and smiled at the receptionist of the magazine that occupied the floor. She dropped off the portfolio and chatted for a couple of minutes.

She wandered to the rest rooms tucked into a back corner of the floor and knocked on the men's room door and when there was no answer, she went inside. Michael was leaning against the door of a stall. He beckoned to her and she slowly walked towards him, hiking up her skirt. He licked his lips and reached down to undo his belt and pants. He went into a stall and sat down. He had covered the seat with toilet paper. She followed him in and locked the door, straddling his legs. His cock stood straight and practically quivered appearing as though it was begging to get into her pussy. She reached down and rubbed the tip over her slit, gently tapping the head against her clit. She sank down onto his cock and they kissed each other hungrily. Using the walls of the stall, she pushed her self up and down on his cock while he thrust into her from below. He unbuttoned her blouse and undid the front clasp of her bra, sucking a nipple into his mouth. He bit down on it, causing her to gasp loudly. Her nipple popped free and he caught the other one between his teeth. He sucked it for several minutes as he fucked her, sliding her body up and down his cock.

"Genna, I love having my cock buried in your pussy." He grasped her hips and lifted her up and then pushed her down again. The sound of their bodies slamming together echoed in the enclosed room. The door to the restroom opened and both quieted. He continued sliding his cock into Genna's pussy, feeling it tighten and pulse around his cock. She bit her lip and he sucked her nipple into his mouth, fucking her a little harder. They listened as someone used another stall, flushed, washed up and left. Genna gasped and her pussy throbbed around his cock. 
