 The other offices are silent and empty indicating that we've again worked later than anyone else on the floor. I unconsciously push an errant strand of my auburn hair behind my ear before languorously, lifting my arms above my head and stretching the kinks from my body. The motion draws my sweater taut against my body and lifts it above the waistband of my skirt, exposing an inch or so of skin. I see you out of the corner of my eye, watching me, and I arch my back a little more. Its a game we play...I subtly tease and you watch and we never say a word about it. But I wonder... 

I wonder and imagine. Imagine that, instead of returning my work, I walk out of my office and across the hall into yours. Moving between you and the desk, I sit on the edge, my skirt riding so far up my thighs that you can see the tops of my stockings. You are sitting in front of me, a little surprised, but your eyes move up along my legs...to my hands that are now at the bottom of my sweater, lifting it up sooooo s l o w l y. As I pull it over my head, we both hear the bobby pins falling from my hair and hitting your desk. I drop my sweater on the floor next to you as my hair settles around my face. I watch you as your gaze moves over me. You take in the lacy, black silk bra that I'm wearing, dark against my soft, creamy skin. My breath quickens as I reach behind my back and with a small twist, undo it, letting the bra slide down my arms. The cool air causes my nipples to harden—-or maybe it's the excitement curling in my stomach as you watch my fingers glide down over my breasts, circling over the dusky-rose tips before sliding down over my stomach. 

Your hands settle lightly on the skin above my stockings, sliding upwards under the edge of my skirt. Slowly, you spread my legs apart causing my skirt to ride up even further. Leaning forward, you blow against me and I can feel the heat of your breath through the black lace that covers me. Grasping the edge of the desk, I make a small sound at the feel of it. You stare intently into my eyes as your hands slide along the inside of my thighs. When your fingertips slip beneath the edge of my panties, brushing gently against my pubic hair, I breath in sharply and arch against them. 

My stomach clenches in anticipation as your fingers move against me, slipping between my lips, sliding easily, moving over me. You stand up, moving your hands to my breasts, fingertips barely touching me, striking sparks against my nerve endings as my nipples tighten even more. I run my hands up your arms and into your hair, pulling you to me and kissing you passionately—-moaning into your mouth at the taste, smell, feel of you. Still kissing you, my fingers move to your buttons. I have your shirt pulled up and half off before you step back and take it off for me. 

Slipping off the desk, I step to you, my hands touching your shoulders as I look up into your eyes. My fingers move down over your chest, my nails grazing your nipples before sliding lower, across your stomach and just under your waistband. Your arms go around me, your hands moving over my back. I shiver a little and my eyes close as I savor the sensation of our hands stroking over each other's body. Leaning forward, I touch my tongue to your skin, flicking it across your nipple and then moving it to the other as I slip my fingers under your waistband again. In a moment, I have your pants unbuttoned and unzipped. Using my body, I turn you and urge you back towards the desk. When you are leaning against it, I grin up at you mischievously and lean down to nip—-gently—-at the skin just above your navel as my hand slips into your pants and frees your cock. Still looking up at you, watching your reaction, I flick my tongue across the tip before rubbing you back and forth across my lips. I slowly suck the tip between my lips, pulling your length into my mouth, laving you with my tongue. Pulling back, I let you slip from my mouth and I run my tongue up along you to the base, nuzzling my nose against your pubic hair and breathing in your scent deeply before pulling my tongue back down over you again. Once back at the tip, I suck your cock in slowly again, sliding my tongue beneath you. I tease you like this until you can't take it anymore and run your fingers into my hair, pulling me to you as your hips rock forward. I hear your breath catch as your cock fills my mouth completely. I push my tongue up hard against you and I make a small, satisfied sound that vibrates over you. 

Your fingers are tight in my hair and my nails score the skin just along your hips as you move faster. Moaning again, I look up into your eyes to see you watching intently as you thrust between my lips. As I watch, your eyes close and your fingers ease and you stop. I start to move over you, but you stop me, holding me still. Opening your eyes, you lean down, sliding your hands to my shoulders and pull me up, your cock hard against me as it slides down between my breasts before coming to rest against my stomach. You kiss me hard and stand, turning us both. Then you turn me around until I am facing the desk. I feel your mouth on my back as your hands move down my sides to my skirt. I feel you pull it up, bunching it at my hips. There is a sharp tug and a whisper of material as my panties fall to the floor around one ankle. All of these are only momentary impressions because I can really only focus on the feeling of your mouth tongue teeth kissing nibbling devouring me. I vaguely feel one hand resting on my hip, holding my skirt up. Meanwhile, your other hand slides up over my inner thigh and then your fingers are touching me. You lean forward a little, moving the hand from my hip to my breast just as you slide two fingers inside me. I'm panting before this from the feel of your mouth but these new sensations cause me to breathe in sharply as I clench around you. Your mouth is still driving me crazy as I feel your fingers move to my clit, teasing me there for a moment before thrusting in me again. 

I'm so aroused, so wet and I'm pushing back against your fingers. I feel you move between my legs, your knees spreading them wider. I lean across the desk as your hands move to my hips. Your cock is pressing against me and then you enter me, thrusting forcefully. I tighten my muscles around you and push back, reveling in the sound you make when I do. My fingers curl into the desk and I vaguely realize that papers are falling all over the floor. That's only a fleeting thought, however, especially when I feel your fingers against my clit again. I'm moaning loudly and I feel the muscles in my thighs and stomach pull tighter and tighter. You are thrusting hard and fast, rocking my hips into the edge of the desk but I barely register the small discomfort. I'm entirely focused on the blinding sensation of you moving in and out of me as your fingers drive me crazy and my breath stops for a moment as I clench around you, almost screaming as I come. My body is limp when I feel your hands on my hips a moment later, holding me hard, as your own breathing turns harsh. You thrust hard and stop and I hear you groan a little as you come... 

I realize that my eyes are closed. Opening them, I look across the hall to your office again. You're gathering some paperwork and placing it in your briefcase...putting on your coat. You look at me and I see your eyes move up over my legs and across the front of my sweater before you meet my eyes. I grin a little as I watch you blush slightly at having been caught. You say goodnight as you lock your door. I turn back to my computer...but sometimes I wonder...