 To the love of my life. "C, I love you so much. Enjoy having our fantasy in print. Happy Valentine's Day!" Votre Fille.

~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~^~

  I sit lounging on the couch, watching you pick up the dishes from the party, toying with dressing in front of you or surprising you with what I have planned for the rest of the night. Surprising you wins out, and I get up slowly to walk towards you. You look up, your blue eyes smiling at me as you gather the wine glasses from tables and counters.

"Hey, baby, you all tired out?" You ask and brush a kiss on my cheek as you walk by. I catch a whiff of the cologne you wear, Obsession, and almost attack you. You wear it specifically for me as you call it your 'fuck me juice'. Actually your friend calls it that, but the description fits perfectly. And you always know I will want you if you do wear it.

"Hmm, a little tired, but I'm not ready for bed yet. Do you mind getting a bit more of this picked up while I change into something more comfortable?" I ask.

"Not at all. Take your time, you deserve it after planning this whole thing." You swat me on the behind as I scurry off, giggling. I pick up the cd remote and click on one of my favorite cds, Eric Benet. You look at me in surprise because I generally only put that one on when I had a purpose in mind. I just ignore you and saunter out of the room, swaying my hips, knowing you will watch and enjoy.

In our bedroom I lock the door then go and pull a large papered box from under the bed. It usually houses my socks and nylons, but I had cleaned it out the other day and added some other things. I pull out the corset, smoothing my hands along the black satin. Next the black feather boa, seamed stockings, black opera length gloves, and the lacy underwear. I set it all on the bed and hurriedly undress and take a quick shower to wash off the smell of the party. 

I had already taken one earlier so this is an in and out. I dry myself off slowly, imagining you watching as the towel grazes my stomach and breasts. It sends a slow seductive smile to my lips that remains as I smooth on one of our favorite body oils of mine. Lavender and vanilla, sweet and seductive. It will send you reeling and I love the thought. 

I head back into the bedroom and go to work on making you go mad. First thing on is the corset. It is black, accented with red stripes of satin that run vertically, enhancing the boning. It covers my breasts, and when I finally get the corset hooked together, it pushes them together making the cleavage nice and obvious. I pant as I get the last hook in place, the corset making my breathing shallow. I will have to watch it or I might pass out, oh but what it does to my body. All the little imperfections fade away as I look in the full length mirror and admire the way the corset nips in my waist so that my hips flare out so nicely. My breasts push up high and tight, the nipples barely concealed by the satin. I smile the seductive smile again and go back to dressing. Underwear next. A lacy thong that has a strand of pearls running underneath instead of more lace. When in place the pearls run along my slit and accentuate the shaved smoothness of my pussy. The stocking are slid slowly up my legs and attached to the garters on the corset that have little red roses and bows, looking delicate against the black. I stand again to make sure the seams are lined up right then step into the 4 inch black heels I had gotten last week. I teeter a bit on the heels, unaccustomed to being up that high. This will make me closer to your 5' 11" and I revel in the thought.

I take my hair down from the silver clip I have worn all evening and I brush out the soft blond curls, fluffing them around my shoulders. I pick up a wide band of satin ribbon, black as well, and tie it around my neck, putting the bow in the back. I tug the gloves on, then with a quick application of dark red lipstick and the boa around my arms and I am set.

As I step back into the livingroom, I notice that you have lit some candles and placed them about the room. With the lights off, it gives a dimmed romantic feel to the room and my eyes search for you. There you are, sprawled on the couch, white shirt unbuttoned and open, shoes and socks off your feet, and the black, corduroy pants sitting low on your hips. But what is so amusing to me is you have dozed off. Your head is lying against the back of the couch, your glasses sliding down your nose and a very contented look about you. It was almost a shame to wake you, but it has to be done.

"Eddie?" I murmur as I glide towards you. I see you shift slightly at the sound of my voice, but you don't stir. "Eddy, love?" Now I have you. Your eyes open slowly and when they register what I was wearing, they turn dark and seductive.

"Hmm, so that was what you were up to. Got plans, baby?" You stand up slowly and walk towards me, motioning for me to turn. I comply, slowly twirling and giving you an air kiss. I know you can see how tight the corset is, the pearls running up the cleft of my bottom, the long lines of the stockings. It sends a wave of heat up my body knowing you like what you see. You reach out and grab me around the waist and pull me closer. "You are being naughty, aren't you?" You ask as you lean down to kiss me.

"Uh, uh, uh," I admonish and push against your chest so you can't reach my lips. "We are doing this my way, so behave." I push you backwards until the backs of your knees hit the couch. "Down boy," I tell you and push until you sit down and pull me over you. I straddle your hips but don't sink down, teasing you these last moments. The boa is flung around your neck and I grab both ends to pull you closer, inch by breathless inch to my lips. Your eyes close, and your mouth opens slightly, breathing in my scent from the shower and body oil. Just as our lips are about to touch, I pull away and push you back, my hands running to your broad shoulders to push both the jacket and shirt from your shoulders. You slip your arms back and frantically rip both off and fling them away from your body. When I don't move back in, you sigh your disappointment, but I soothe your senses with a kiss to your jaw, nipping once, then laving the spot with the tip of my tongue as you slide your hands slowly from my satin clad waist. Your hands elicit shivers down my body. I tremble and you grin wickedly as my head falls back and I let out a long drawn out sigh that is more of a moan. 

I feel dizzy and disoriented when you lean forward and kiss my throat above the satin band, flicking your tongue out as you pull back. You lean back in for another taste, this time sucking the skin fiercely and leaving a red mark. I murmur my approval and you slide your hands down to cup my bottom and pull me down to you.

"Hmm," I sigh as I settle down on you, enjoying the sensation of your cock pressed to me

.

"Better?" you ask, knowing the answer, but wanting me to voice it.

"Yes," I quiver, and you chuckle at my lack of control. You know I can never last being in command, I want you to dominate me, control me, tease me, send my senses reeling.

You have no problem being my master and you set yourself to the task of making me hum with pleasure. The first thing you divest me of is the boa. It gets tossed over your shoulder, then you pull one of my gloved hands to you mouth. White teeth grab hold of the fingertips and pull. Slowly dragging the satin off my fingers. I watch you, mesmerized, your eyes glittering with repressed passion, as you watch my breathing increase at each tug of the fabric. You get the glove off, the fingers hanging from you teeth before you fling it in the same direction of the boa. 

You do the same to my other hand, and by the time you have this glove off, I am panting, my eyes glazing over, my head reeling. You slide your hands slowly from my bottom and glide your hands up to the back of my neck where you reach and grab a handful of hair. You pull my face to yours and you devour my mouth. Hard kisses, soft ones; drugging kisses that have me collapsing against you and sliding my hands around your waist. I hold you tightly as you slide you tongue into my mouth to explore. You taste the wine on my breath and savor the taste of me and the expensive Chianti you wouldn't try tonight. I murmur low in my throat and try to climb into your skin. 

I scoot closer to your body that radiates heat and makes me so feverish, rocking on you and making you gasp and pull back to breathe. Hmm, now it seems I have the upper hand. I rock again and you slap my butt lightly in warning.

"What?" I ask in a breathy whisper.

"Knock it off, baby. I won't be able to control myself if you do that." You growl at me and I laugh at the mock ferocity your voice is inflected with.

"Maybe I want you to lose control, darlin'," I tell you in a sultry drawl.

"Yeah, well I don't, so do as you are told."

"As you wish, Master," I purr.

You growl and pull me back down to your mouth, and this time no holds are barred, you take my mouth with yours and all I can do is whimper my pleasure. Suddenly you grip me tightly and stand up so my body slides down yours. You pull your mouth from mine and reach down to scoop me up in your arms. You walk quickly to the bedroom which I have left lit with only candles as well, the swath of red fabric over the bed looking like a canopy. You lay me down gently and pull back to brush you lips along the edge the edge of the corset right where my breasts are straining for your touch. But you are in control now. You will pleasure me as slow as you want, teasing and tormenting me. My breathing increases with just that thought and you chuckle lightly.

In one swift move, you flip me over onto my stomach and I move to look back but you press me down. Your hands slowly take off the shoes, pressing a kiss to the ankle of each. I feel something warm running up the seam of the stockings and I think it is your finger, but then I feel both your hands sliding up my leg as well and I realize that it is your tongue tracing the lines. I shiver as you run all the way to the garter where you reach out and nip the skin above the stocking with your teeth. I moan lightly and you repeat the same caress up the length of my other leg. Only this time you end with your finger lifting the garter and letting it snap back down against my skin. I jump and squeak at the slight pain which you sooth with your tongue. You unsnap the garters, front and back and slowly slide the stockings down my legs, placing hot, openmouthed kisses along my thigh, down to my calf where you nip again. 

By now, I am panting so hard and the corset's tightness isn't making anything any easier. You hear my tortured breathing and you relent a bit and reach up to untie a bit of the corset, relieving some of the pressure and making me sigh. You slide your hands up my legs again, and when you reach my bottom, I feel you run you mouth up the pearls, then back down to repeat the caress with your tongue. My body is humming with pleasure, but I am getting impatient for you to let me touch you.

"Lover?" I whisper and try to turn over, but you push your hand against my shoulder blades and I still can't move. "Please." I beg in an agonized whisper. I feel as if my body will burst into flames any second now, and your delicious mouth isn't helping matters. I feel the vibration of your silent laugh against my bottom and I squirm a bit. "Wretch," I mutter out and now you really laugh.

You slide up my body and push the hair away from my neck to press a kiss behind my ear. "Oh but you love this wretch," you whisper in the shell of my ear. Your teeth grab a hold of the ribbon around my neck and you give a tug, untying the bow. You slide it off and toss it on the floor. Then flip me back over so you can now play with my front.

Your eyes have darkened, as I'm sure mine have with the tension floating about and I reach up to cup your cheek and jaw. Your eyes close and you lean into the caress sighing with pleasure. I smile slightly as my hand is shaking from the arousal crashing through me. I pull your head down to mine and kiss you gently, the motion at war with the passion racing through our blood. But it slowly calms us and our breathing slows down to a steady even rhythm. Your hands slide to my waist and we enjoy each others mouths, the warmth, comforting and familiar.

I find myself smiling against your mouth as I trail my hand up your back sending a barely perceptible shiver up your spine. I pull back from you and smile into you slightly glazed eyes. "Well, big guy, shall we continue?" I ask then reach up to nip your chin before taking off your glasses and setting them on the table beside the bed.

"As you wish, baby," you murmur and kiss me with a drugging touch. My mind leaves my body and all that is left to do is feel. I feel the slight pop of the hooks being slowly released down the front of the corset.

"Much better," I whisper as I finally can breathe. Corsets are nice. But just for those few moments right before they are taken off. 

I am now in just the lacy panties, and I squirm a bit as I feel you gaze running intently up my body. I want you to look at me, but I still find myself embarrassed when you do. I think of all the imperfections and flaws, and I still fluster profusely from being shy for so many years. Having a man look at my nude form is disconcerting in it's own way and I always end up averting my gaze while you look your fill, turning a very reddish, pink from my mind working against me.

You reach your hand out to cup my cheek and turn it back to your gaze. You smile gently, knowing I am this way, flattered that I trust you with my body and fears. "You don't need to hide from me, and you certainly don't need to be embarrassed when I look at you. You are lovely and desirable as any woman could be."

I thrill at your words and pull your head down to kiss me. You smile as you comply, knowing I am using the kiss as a way to keep my body from your eyes. Hey, a girl's got to do what a girl's got to do. I know that it won't be long before my modesty won't matter as I will want you too much to worry about such silly, little things. 

Your kiss turns smoldering, and I feel the flash of heat and fire run through my veins and body. I never want you to stop, but you pull back and send your mouth on a route down my neck to my shoulder bone where you lave the skin before kissing it then continuing on. I sigh softly, wishing you would linger in some spots even though it drives me crazy. I love when you nuzzle my throat and where my hair meets my neck. You know all of this, but you like to tease and torment me. Which you are doing now with your soft nibbles and kisses on my ribs and the area around my breasts. Oh, it is like the sweetest pain, followed by exquisite pleasure. I murmur my pleasure and you look up to smile at me.

"You're liking this, aren't you?" You ask. I take my time to answer and you lightly bite the underside of my breast. I arch my back and gasp. You repeat the question, a warning in your voice to not toy with you. 

"Yes," I finally moan, to which you reward with your mouth coming down to envelop the dusky, pink crest of my right breast. You suck and flick with your tongue, the pleasure almost too much to handle. You pull back and softly blow on the tip, causing it to tighten even more. I reach my hands up to your head to pull you down to the other tip begging for attention, but you have other ideas. 

Your hand reaches up to cup my left breast, pushing it up so the peak is mere inches from your luscious mouth. I beg you to take me into your mouth, but you just reach out with the tip of your tongue and lightly, almost so that I can't feel it, touch the pearled tip. I watch in utter fascination as you flick your tongue back and forth, barely brushing the skin. Your eyes watch my face as you play with me, and when I finally capture your gaze with mine, I can't look away at the desire I see burning in your eyes. You grin at me then nip the tip, the pain making me gasp which turns to another moan as you relent and finally engulf the whole nipple. 

Oh, I can't think. Your mouth is so hot on me and I feel like I shall burst into flames at any moment. I grip your head, holding you to me as you continue your delicious torture, your mouth so sinful with it's games. I lift my right leg to drape up and over your hip as I try to pull you closer to me. I want your weight on me and I tug to get your attention. You comply and slowly lower your body to mine.

Mmm, pure heaven. You press me warmly into the covers, your body's heat taking away the slight chill of the room. You continue you delicious torture on my breasts, alternating between them, never staying in one spot long. It makes me squirm and writhe under you, as I grip your shoulders, hanging on for dear life. And the main act hasn't even begun. You drive me to insanity. But it is sweet, delicious, wonderful, insanity. I want you to stop, but I want you to go on forever, with your teasing. I am conflicted as it is so wonderful, yet so horribly painful too. I can't think, so I allow my mind and body to relax and just enjoy you.

You feel my surrender finally, the slight slump of my body deeper into the bed, the slowed breathing, the wordless sigh I let out, and you smile. 

You slowly begin kissing your way down my body to the place that controls all my thoughts. A flick of your tongue in my navel, a nibble along the side of my belly, a breath of air blown across the lace of the thong. I arch my back up and you press a kiss to my left hip. You run your mouth down the lace to where the pearls are, brushing the beads with your open mouth. I feel each breath of air that blows across me, and I shiver uncontrollably. You reach out with your right index finger and slowly trace the pearls from the top to where they disappear. I reach down to grab your head, but you pull my hands away and quickly get up to get the black ribbon you threw on the floor. You come back and you grab my wrists, wrapping the ribbon around them, then you tie my hands to the slatted headboard.

"That's not fair," I wail at you. 

You just look at me, a glittering look in your eyes as you run them down my naked length. "So, I want to enjoy you just how I want without you pushing me to go faster. Trust me. You will enjoy this." You grin wickedly when I snarl at you. "Oh now that is not nice. You do want me to continue, don't you?" You ask me in a domineering tone, but I don't answer, I just glare and pout. You laugh and start unbuckling your belt. You slide the leather out of the loops and drop the strap to the floor. Slowly you unbutton the shiny button, taking your time, looking like you will never get on with it. A rasp of the zipper and you push the material off you hips. I gasp softly for you rare wearing the wine red, satin boxers I got you for your birthday a few months ago. I love how they make you look. Very sexy and yummy are the only terms that I can ever think of when I see you in them.

"Didn't know I was in these, did you?" You ask, knowing I love them. I shake my head wordlessly as I run my eyes up and down taking in your aroused state. But obviously you are not in any hurry as you come back down to lay beside me, your head on my hip. 

You drag the palm of your hand over my mound and I arch up into your caress. It feels so wonderful, but it is not enough. What I need, you won't give me. I need you in me, taking me, making me yours. 

You brush your hand back and forth across the lace, pearls, and the soft downy puff of golden hair I have left at the top of my mound. I wriggle my hips in the hope you will get the hint, and thankfully you do. You drag your index finger down the pearls, dipping in and just brushing. You pull your finger back out, admiring the shining tip. You smile and bring your finger to your mouth where you lick of the juice before returning you finger back to my glistening folds to drag your finger up and down along the pearls. 
