 "Note:- Before one start reading the "At The Villa" series, you have to read the 2 episodes "On The Boat", Chapters 1 and 2 where Sam was seduced by Olympia, who had the hidden Agenda; followed by "After the Boat Trip. Then it should be followed by "At The Villa" Series. The first stories I wrote with Sam as the protagonist were "Unforgettable Sexual Encounters" Chapter 1 to 11. These stories are the follow up of "At The Villa" stories." 

*

It was Friday night. After a very hard day's work, it was time for some real relaxation. During the long working hours of the day, Di and Olli had massaged seven gentlemen each and all, to their desired satisfaction. Both Di and Olli, although nearly exhausted, they ended the day very satisfied with the work they had done, knowing that all their clients had left their premises more than pleased. 

After their official working day which they believed they had accomplished to perfection and standards they had aimed for; in return, all their clients showed their satisfaction not only with compliments but also with the generous tips they had left on top of their payments. There were hugs and more praise for a massage well done by most of the clients; some even promised that the next time they are in town they will surely call again. Then there were those who fortunately of unfortunately, and which they were in the majority that they asked for something extra. 

As the last clients left, they rested for a few minutes before they soaked themselves in a hot bath. It gave them new strength and inspiration for what they had prepared themselves; a night of pleasure and relaxation. They were waiting for that moment when the time was right to go out for the night, with two specially chosen clients. After the hard work of a non stop working day, they were looking forward for their evening adventures, the second night in their first very profitable week. 

Massaging so many naked guys during their long working day; watching so many hard cocks ready to explode while others exploding, had made their appetite for some quick sex or a hand job, or a touch to their hot leaking pusses. At times both the masseur and the recipient were feeling the heat of sex, even becoming uncontrollable; but both ladies kept their professionalism. One way or the other, all clients had exploded during those moments when the ladies were massaging them, especially during the body against body massage, with the exception of one, who even shot his load during the first hand massage, followed by a second time later.

Watching some of their clients loosing their hardness as they had blown their load earlier during the body to body massage, made the ladies feelings for some sexual satisfaction rather more urgent; but they knew what their priorities were. 

Di and Olli after they prepared themselves to perfection from head to foot, left early to arrive at the separate hotels, where their clients were staying. They made it a point that they will not leave them waiting, not after they were promised that they were going to be there on time. The arrangements were made the previous day as both Di and Olli had chosen these guys for special reasons, when they asked for special extras back at their hotels. As a matter of fact, both ladies thought that those two clients they chose; had the right credentials.

At last they were out on the street and on their way to the two different hotels where they agreed where their meeting venues were. It was a great night, the sky was full of stars and they were wondering how many starts they were going to see during a night of hot sex. They knew that their chosen clients had some good control on their intimate parts, which meant great hot sex. That was what gave them the edge when they asked for something extra and why the ladies accepted to entertain them.

After their first night adventures earlier in the week, where they had enjoyed some very hot sex, the preparations for the second night were much relaxed, including their own selves. As soon as they arrived at the consecutive hotels they were both welcomed by their waiting friends who invited them for a drink before they went to their hotel rooms. With their clothes shed the foreplay soon started, going from a blowjob to sixty nine, getting themselves primed up for the actual act of hot sex while their bodies were already primed up. Both Di and Olli were well educated in the art of making love and the control of the male orgasm. The real sex really started in earnest. Their clients already knew the ladies rather intimately, so it was relatively easy to participate fully and enjoy the pleasures the ladies themselves offered. In the end they were more than satisfied. 

Half way through the evening, they dined with their clients separately before they went back to their hotel rooms. There they had participated in some very aggressive hot sex, which really satisfied both the clients and the ladies themselves. There were no restrictions except for the use of condoms.

After their sessions ended, they left the hotels and their tired clients and made their way to meet each other at an agreed rendezvous, from where they picked a taxi back home. They arrived rather late from their last encounters of their day. They were dead tired, so much so as soon as they arrived they closed the door took off all their clothes and jumped on the same bed hugging and kissing each other. But so tired they were that they were asleep within minutes. 

They didn't even care to know how much money they earned, together with the extras. Their second sexual evening of hot sex was a great success. They enjoyed that wonderful evening where they were in luck for the second time. The sex was fabulous; terrific. It was as good as their first a couple of days earlier with instances better than what they had enjoyed on their previous experience. This was their second successful evening, were they had satisfied their sexual hunger.

Most of their clients had asked about extras, some specified perfectly what they expected; maybe even meeting them later in the evening. Both Di and Olli were looking forward to such meetings, but with the array of clients coming from different European countries and even from other continents, the choice was difficult. They were looking for those who really wanted to enjoy making love while entangle themselves in the pleasures of the flesh; not to forget getting healthy clients. They were not after a quick relieve; or from some ladies point of view, take the money and run.

There were males whom the ladies felt they were too rich, but looked rather too macho; others looked calm, handsome and easy to communicate with. Therefore both ladies searched for clients whom they knew they would have a great time with, both sexually and friendly feelings. They wanted to return back home with their sexual tension and inner feelings under control.

They chose those one night dates from Thursday's clients. They booked them after they were sure that they match to the already set credentials, like being educated, calm, the way they acted during the massage, especially when they were enjoying the body to body massage. The ladies wanted to enjoy as also, to please. 

They felt right when they were having their body to body massage with the female totally naked using her body to massage the male. During that period all males becomes extra active with their hardons wanting to explode, especially when they tease them, as they massage their pussies against their manhoods. If they survive and they will not blow their loads quickly they will be eligible and on the list. 

The control they had on their prostate was fantastic and they managed to control their ejaculations perfectly; that was their guarantee to an opportunity of spending a long night pleasurable sex with either Di or Olli. 

Olli never sent a client back without making sure that he had blown his load. If not, she will give him a free blowjob. Di's client also controlled himself well and so when the massage was about to end she lowered her pussy against his hardon; then she start moving back and forth with his cock embedded between her usual swollen lips, until she hear him moaning as he gets ready to explode; to Di's personal satisfaction.

The excitement grew stronger when both Di and Olli were about to leave home. They were dreaming about what they were expecting to take place inside that hotel room. Will it be as good as what had taken place during their first time?

When they got to their respective hotels and entered within the confines of the hotel bedroom they were welcomed in both instances with a bottle of champagne. Before they had even tasted the slightly yellowish bubbly Olli was already naked down to her panties, while Diane was enjoying the taste of the bubbly while her client had started to massage her shoulders going slowly down to her breasts. From the position he was in, Di was pressing the crack of her ass against his already hard member.

The clients they chose were those whom the two ladies thought they were well disciplined with an incredibly shaped body. Naturally, the ladies also loved the organs the males possessed. After all, that's what they dreamt about as much as the very hot sex they were hoping, they were going to indulge in to satisfy their sexual hunger.

But both Di and Olli were ending their working days very sexually excited especially after every day's hard work, massaging those well off clients with their hard cock mostly hard all the time during the actual hard cocks pussy massage. 

From those who had called to make an appointment, there were those who were lucky enough to be accepted for a massage. Probably there were many who called and politely they heard a recorded message that the day's spots were already booked; please try tomorrow morning after 08:00hrs. The money, although it was important were not the only issue. The main issue was the satisfaction of their clients.

Both Di and Olli wanted something more than the hard work of the day even though every day had a happy ending. They also wanted that something more, or better that something extra. After a hard days work there became the need to satisfy their sex hungry bodies, preferably away from their place of work. 

When the ladies made their individual calls before they left their quarters, their clients confirmed and they were waiting at the bar. The unfortunate situation that time was; that their clients were staying at different hotels, so they could not swap clients half way through the evening, like what they did on their first night out.

Everything went well. The fucking and the love making was something they both enjoyed, from the very moment the doors were closed. The dinner was excellent and the extras at the end, were also generous; not to mention the compliments they received for both for the massage and the hot fucking. "This is best fuck I ever had.' Olli's client whispered during dinner. 

Both Olli and Di had agreed that there will be no work the following day, Saturday. They had enough after nearly a week of hard work and had made enough money as a matter of fact much more than they ever expected; so their decision was, to have a free day, which meant no work; just relax and no fucking. After last night they both ended with slightly sore pussies.

It was close to ten Saturday morning when the doorbell chimed. Both Di and Olli were still half asleep and wondered who the hell was outside ringing the fucking door bell. Di was preparing breakfast and Olli had closed herself in the bathroom doing her morning obligations.

'Who the fucking hell come this so early in the morning?' Olli shouted from within the confines of the small room.

There was no answer as Di was already on the way downstairs to see who the hell was there. As she opened, she came face to face with a beautiful elegant lady. 

'May I come in, please? I know that you won't work on a Saturday, so please excuse me. It's not possible for me to come during the week.' She nearly begged.

As Di invited her in and the lady explained the reason of her visit, she asked her to take a chair and wait a few minutes until they get themselves together, have breakfast and become decently dressed as they were not expecting to receive any clients. Satisfied, their first female client sat down; picked a magazine and started to turn the pages, Di ran back upstairs. She found Olli fixing their breakfast, continuing where Di had left off, earlier.

As they finished breakfast thy prepared themselves for the massage which both hoped it will be the first and the last for the day. Fedora, as her name was, was in her late forties. She was an elegant woman, well dressed and well kept. In a nutshell, she looked after her health in every possible way; including that she frequently attends some sports centre. 

Fedora had explained to the ladies what she was expecting and that she was hoping for something more than what she had already sampled and enjoyed during previous visits to other massage parlours. She wanted to ask prolifically but decided to be reluctant, not to say too much; even though her hopes were high.

With relish, she took off her clothes until she was totally naked, usually rare for a woman to expose herself fully infront of strangers. While she was undressing, the ladies appreciated not only her forwardness, but also her beautiful shaped body.

'Are you ready to lie down madam?' Olli asked.

'With delight my dear.' She politely confirmed as she stepped on a stool with her back to the massage table. She rested her bums firmly before she lifted herself on the padded cushion. As she got in the sitting position, she lifted one leg not bothering that her vaginal lips were on show with a precise trimmed pubic area. 

Then she turned slowly and lay down on her stomach while lifting the second leg. In the meantime both ladies had her favoured oil ready and while Olli started from her feet, Di laid her hands on her shoulders. They worked professionally together, until it was time for the body to body massage. As regards the first part the satisfied lady complimented them on the way they conducted the massage.

As their client lay on the floor levelled cushion, both ladies covered the back; all the way down to her feet with oil, including the area between her legs. Then they oiled themselves in the same manner. The massage with the ladies alternating was another success and she promised that she would be back when she feels that her body is ready for another relaxing contribution.

The lady's satisfaction with what they had offered, she thanked then and both ladies thanked her back for her forwardness, even though she arrived at their door unexpectedly. They felt very proud that she had enjoyed their handy work and they will be proud to have her back again, ready to please her. 

'There is also something really special; which we like to perform on a certain part of your body; we are hoping that you will enjoy it too.' Di explained.

'Am I not ready yet?' She asked surprisingly.

'You asked for that something extra, about which you said you had indulged yourself in some research.' Olli made the lady remember.

'Yes that's right. But I was expecting that you automatically will try that.'

'Sure we were going to do; but naturally we want your authorization as this will involve your intimate areas. We have to say that we experienced those moments as few times and we are sure that you will enjoy them more than what you are expecting.' Di answered. 'Let's relax and then we start.'

So after a few minutes of relaxation and while they enjoyed a drink together, they were ready to go to the most awaited session which both Di and Olli had never performed before on any other clients, since that moment from the time they left the island. 

'So please settle yourself on your back, then relax, close your eyes and we will be ready to start again; how about that?' Olli instructed.

'You are the bosses and I'm just your victim. I will better make my comments when all, it will be finished.' The ladies never asked her name but when they realized that they did not even ask, they asked and then they knew that her name was Fedora.

'Good. So Fedora; this part of the massage is very intimate and the first time could be, a little bit, maybe shocking, or embarrassing. It may induce some type of feelings; you probably know what we mean.' Di tried to be sort of careful, how to explain such a delicate performance.

'Well that body to body massage had already caused and erupted many; you know what. There was no problem! I have enough information and I'm looking forward to what I think and hoping is coming. Don't keep anything back, as maybe that is what in the end, was my goal. If my expectations will be fully satisfied... no more comments. I commit myself to anything.' The ladies were ready and with a look at each other's faces, they precisely understood what that lady of culture was after.

As Fedora was lying down on her back, the ladies produced a couple of rather thick cushions; one of them ended under the lady's ass, while the other was to be used by the masseur. 

As she set herself on the cushion, the lady opened her legs as wide as they could while she pulled them back towards her body. When she was ready to enjoy what many times she thought and read so much about; and which most of the times it happened after she laid down to sleep, alone in her own bed. She many times visualized such a situation while she touched and satisfied herself and her sexual emotions with her own fingers. She was not a loner, and along the years she had a variety of selected males with whom she satisfied her egos, not to mention a few women from within her own circle, especially in her student years.

Olli settled on the other cushion while she helped the lady position her legs, resting the feet flat on the surface of the massage bed. Her legs were wide open and her swollen vaginal lips were entirely exposed, even with that short tuff of pubic hair; which was proof of how much she cared about her body, especially her own intimate areas. 

With the recipient comfortably settled; Olli settled herself with her legs wide open and resting against the lady's inner side of her knees, precisely as a precaution. From then on Olli was in control and she was going to stop the lady from being able to close her legs at ant time from then on and especially when her blood would start to really boil.

A good look from Olli's side was enough to know that the lady was ready. It was at that particular moment and not before she was about to start, that she covered her hands with oil, making sure she was ready for the first touches of the tantric massage. 

Fedora, while waiting for the first touch to happen felt very comfortable with her legs wide open, her pouty lips separated and juices were already flowing. She was already hot enough, even though she was anxiously waiting for that first rub. Her eyes were closed, while she wondered what was coming next. She was lost in a sea of dreams, hoping that at last she was going to let her most intimate part of her body in the hands of two unknown ladies. She was anxious to explore and find out, if what she had learned was real or not. 

The first touch took place and where the least she was expecting it. Olli's flat hand touched her pelvis, just over the area where her clitoris was. Slowly and lightly the palm of Olli's hand started to move over her skin in a circulated movement. With not too much pressure her hand continued to move and massage the area while building more pressure within her red chakra. Her hand continued to flow on the skin, just a little away, from not touching her clitories. It took Olli a few rather short minutes before she moved her fingers downwards, where with two fingers she started to massage Fedora's perineum. 
