 First off, Thanks to all the readers and also those that vote on these stories. We don't get paid for sending in these stories, I do it because I like to, and when I get a vote on my stories, it makes it all worth while!! *SMILE

I was on one of those internet dating sites, yes I know I have heard it all before. I am an attractive guy, fit, toned, not a muscle head, not fat and not skinny. I don't have problems meeting women, but I have a very wacky schedule at work that makes it harder for me to go out (4 am to lunch time). I could date within work, but I am not fully comfortable with the rumors that might go around and we all know they do. So that is what brings me to try internet dating.

I have been on this one site for a while and have met a lot of cool people and a lot more not so cool people. I used to look in the dating and relationship section, cause deep down inside that is what I want, but I know I have a very high sex drive and my mind is a lot more open to exploration sexually then most people. The people in those sections are tame and I find not very open-minded. So now I usually only venture in the intimate encounters section. I am not only looking for sex as I stated above, but with my drive, it is very important to me and any relationship I am in (short-term or long-term).

I don't consider myself a male slut, but I have had many a sexual experiences, most women I meet can see my experience and I usually end up being the teacher. (Well there was this one time that I met my match, but that is another story, message me if you want me to write about it, it is kind of funny). Being the teacher is fine with me, but I have learned from that site and my experiences, what I want and I know what turns me on. I find that a lot of people hide behind their computers on these sites with a web of lies. Now to me, if you can't be honest, that is so sad and if you are lonely, lying isn't going to make it any better. But I am an optimist, so I still search.........

I got home from work one day, fired up my computer and grabbed something to eat. I got into something more comfortable and logged on to the dating site. Off to the intimate encounters section I thought to myself. I sifted through some of the profiles, and I hit this one that was so vague, two lines only, but it was the best two lines I had read all day.

It went something like this:

'I want someone with new ideas and fun twists. Exciting new experiences wanted!! I like to explore!'

I read about her personal details. She was 32, 2 years older then me. She stood 5'6" with what she claimed to be a fit body. From my experiences on this site I don't believe people and how they perceive their own body type, my idea of fit can be totally different then someone else's. I usually wait to see a picture of them before I make that judgment and she didn't have one posted, but I do give them the benefit of the doubt. Honestly I don't have a picture posted either, not that I am scared to, I am Casino Dealer and I work in the public eye, so that is why I opted not to post one. I have pictures to send people, because I know how important physical attraction is. I sifted through some more profiles, but kept coming back to hers for another read. Now I know for me that if I keep coming back to one profile, it is a good thing. I probably went back and forth from her profile about half a dozen times.

On the last visit to her profile, there is a part in the profiles that tells a little about themselves sexually, so I read it:

What really turns me on: extended foreplay, oral sex, edible oils.

Encounters I am open to anything goes, oral sex, multiple encounters.

What I am looking for in a partner: always practices safe sex, asks what I want, high-sex drive.

Extended foreplay? Yup, I love to play.

Edible oils? I have used them before and they are fun, especially the Karma Sutra ones that warm when blown on.

Anything goes? Check!! Everything is a go with me.

Multiple encounters? You Bet!! Sex gets better the more you know about your partners secret pleasure spots.

Always practices safe sex? Without a doubt.

Asks what I want? I love to please, and if she can tell me anything that would heighten her experience, of course I will do it!!

High-sex drive? UH, HELL YAH!!

Oral sex? LOVE IT!! Sometimes better then sex itself. The visual from oral sex, both giving and receiving, drives me wild.

Now on this site there are little teaser messages you choose from a list and you see if the other person is interested, so I sent one in hopes that my profile intrigued her.

My Little message was: 

I couldn't resist: your willingness to experiment.

Ask me about: my fantasy with you.

I got up to go grab a glass of water and when I got back to my computer I had a little teaser from her. Her message was:

I couldn't resist: the confidence that you exude.

Ask me about: my oral fixation.

WOW Girl! More oral comments!! I thought to myself with my deepest oral desires scanning through my head. I had to send this girl a message. Now I don't have the original messages that I sent to her the first time, but I do remember what they consisted of.

I wrote to see if she had MSN and if she wanted to get to know each other a bit better through MSN. I new it was only about 1:30 pm and most people are at work at that time, but I asked if she wanted to chat when she got off work. I also had to comment on her oral fixation, because that is a big one for me and it looked like it was for her. I told her how giving oral was a total visual and mental experience for me. How I loved to look as she exposed herself to me, the look of her clit, the sensations a kiss can give her and how her clit and lips reacted to the sensations of my touch. I told her how the whole process of a woman's orgasm was a mind fuck for me. Watching her legs start to shake and how her tummy starts to clench as she nears her awaiting orgasm. Then the release and how her hips would bounce while she orgasms, the sounds, the smells and the taste of her orgasm. I ended the note off by telling her my name: Chris

She replied, I opened her message with urgency and anticipation. She explained to me how my first note started to get her all turned on at work. (My mind started to fantasize about her at work. I fantasized about walking into her office as she exposed her wet panties to me from within her skirt, how the wetness of her pussy would feel on my fingers and how she would taste on my first lick.) She explained to me how much she loved to give oral, how she would slide her tongue over my shaft and balls and the feeling of how I would feel as I got hard in her mouth. She also explained to me that she just moved and hadn't got connected to the internet yet, so she only had it at work and ended it with her name: Tiffany.

I sent her back another message explaining how the visualization of her giving me head was affecting me, and the fantasies I was having about it. I asked what was best for her: to send emails or messages on this site. After that message was sent, I never heard from her again. What happened there? I don't know, well that sucks I thought to myself, I really wanted to get to know her better. Days passed and nothing from her, then about a week later I got a message from her. 

Now these are the actual messages that we sent to each other:

Subject: your fantasy

Hi, 

We exchanged messages a little while ago. I am interested in hearing your fantasy about me. 

I have just moved and I am still having problems with my internet connection at home, so work is the only place I can check it. Telus has promised me by Monday it will be corrected. 

PS I would love to see a picture of you.

Tiffany

Well hi again 

So I guess you are at work now? I remember the lastime we sent a couple of messages to each other, you seemed very interesting. 

So do you have any pictures? 

Last week I wrote an erotic story, from what I remember you might want to read it, do you want me to email it to you?

Chris

I would love to hear your story! 

You can email me at......

I can also forward some pics for you by email. 

Tiffany

I emailed her one of my stories, and yes it was the first chapter of 'It Was Nice To Meet You' published on this site if you want to read it!! *wink

Ok I sent the email, I hope you like it, let me know. 

Some pictures of you would be great!!

Chris

Where did you send it? I have not received it yet. I need your email to send the pics to you.

Tiffany

So I sent here a message with my msn email.

Hey 

I still have not received your fantasy! 

PS. I sent my pics to your msn. Let me know if you rec'd them

Tiffany

DING-DING - went my computer as I received a message in my Email. It was a message from Tiffany so I quickly opened it.

Let me know if these work. Sometimes they do not.

Look forward to reading your fantasy!

Tiffany

Well it sure did work; there was an attachment of a picture, so I quickly opened it. The picture had four pictures of her cut out and placed onto this one file. Three of them were pretty much the same and the fourth one was of her in a chair at some pub outside on the patio. I looked at them all, none of them really exposed much of her body. Two of them were just head shots but the first one was a tiny bit more revealing. She had wavy shoulder length red hair (GOD I love redheads) and this wonderful huge smile. My attraction for her was definitely there!! I couldn't see the color of her eyes, damn redeye that you get from cameras, but her face looked so cute and innocent. I looked at the first more revealing picture; she was in a tight low cut black shirt that showed enough cleavage to get my heart pumping. She was slim from what I could see and not very busty, maybe a B cup. Now most guys love huge tits, for me NO. I love the way smaller tits hold their form and how perky they look, it drives me wild. So did her breasts cause anything to stir within me? HELL YES!! I could feel movement in my pants, probably from the fantasies I was having of Tiffany while looking at her pictures.

Thanks for the pics, VERY SEXY. I just tried to resend the story 2 more times for you, hopefully that worked, let me know.

Chris

Yes I received the story. It was great! Wish I was at home instead of work! But I am off now so maybe talk to you tomorrow.

Tiffany

Damn, did I wish she had the internet at home, I was very intrigued by her and wanted to learn as much as I could about her.

The next day when I got home from work I sent her an email.

Subject: Good Day

So how is your day going? Working hard? Did you have any big plans lastnight?

PS. I also looked at your pictures again lastnight and I must say the picture of you slightly bending over, WOW, your cleavage got my blood a pumping.

Chris

Glad you like my pics. Work is fine, another day. Didn't do much lastnight, just some laundry.

Tiffany

So what did you end up doing lastnight, just running around naked doing your laundry? *smile

Chris

Hmm... Never thought about doing my laundry that way. Don't think the neighbors would appreciate it though!

Tiffany

Well you never know, if I was your neighbor I definitely would have watched the whole thing. Maybe eventually making you aware that you were being watched.

Chris

Well, if you were my neighbor and were watching me.................

Tiffany

What would you do? Close all the drapes and stop my view?

Chris

No, I would keep them wide open for you

Tiffany

I can only imagine what I would see. 

This I know: I would see a very sexy slim redhead. I have only seen pictures of your cleavage, you are not very breasty, but that is the way I like it (I am not a big tit man, yours are the perfect size for me) 

Things that I don't know: What do her breasts look like? Does she have nice pink nipples? how sensitive are they? Does she have a sexy slim tummy? How soft is her skin? How does her skin react to different touches? What does her ass look like? Is it nice and perky? Does she like to be spanked are just soft touches on her ass? Is she trimmed? Bald or racing strip? How is her pussy reacting to being watched? Does she know I am watching her?

Chris

Let's see where to start...... 

Her breasts are perfectly shaped, not more than a handful, with beautiful pink nipples that like to be played with, caressed and sucked on, they get very hard easily. Her tummy is fairly flat (she is coming back from a soccer injury that kept her sidelined for about 9 months) She takes care of her athletic body and is very comfortable with it. She loves to be teased with soft touches with the odd spank to her firm ass. Her pussy is neatly trimmed with a landing strip and is very wet with anticipation that someone is watching her.

Tiffany

Well now I really do want to watch you, it gets me very excited thinking of you and the anticipation of your next message is driving me wild. 

I would turn on a dim light and stand at the window in nothing but boxers. Watching your every move makes me go harder and harder. The light being turned on across from you makes you look at me in my window. You watch as I watch you, I look at everything. Your perfect breasts, your firm ass and your nicely trimmed pussy. As I look at you, I fantasize about being with you, touching your skin. What it would be like to kiss you. What would she sound like as she gets closer to orgasm as I lick her pussy. The whole time I think about these things, I am gently rubbing my engorged cock for you lightly with my finger tips. 

Wondering if she is as turned on as me? and wondering what she will do next...

Chris

She is very hot, wet and turned on now knowing someone is watching her. She wants to invite him over so he can feel how wet her pussy is and see how aroused he has gotten her. She wants to feel his finger tips brush lightly on her skin, tracing the shapes of her breasts, lightly stroking her hard nipples. Run his hands all over her body. She wants to feel his hard cock through his boxer shorts, lightly touch the tip with her fingers. Stroke the long shaft. She wants so badly to suck it and flick her tongue all over. She walks closer to the window, caressing her breasts, and writes her phone number in big black numbers on a piece of paper, puts it in the window and waits to see if he will call...........

Tiffany

I see your phone number and I watch you play with yourself, and it drives me wild. You see me leave my window and return with my phone. I slowly start to remove my boxers and stand there in front of the window for you to see. My cock is so hard watching you as I dial your number.

Chris

Well everyone that was the last message I have received from Tiffany up to this date. So this next part is all fantasy and if you are lucky (maybe I should say, if I am lucky) the reality ending to this story will be on here soon. I don't just want Tiffany for sex; she is very interesting to me, so if I do finish the reality version, I know it will go in a way different direction.

I could see Tiffany slowly pick up her cell phone and place it to her ear.

'Hello' she said in a slow sexy voice, while she caressed her breasts with her other hand at the window. The excitement of hearing her voice added to my excitement and I was involuntarily stroking my cock faster for Tiffany to see.

'I have seen you plenty of times before but never looking as sexy as you do right now' I replied.

'I could sense someone watching and it stirred something within me tonight. I never thought that feeling would be so erotic' she said with lust in her voice from her arousal.

'So not a professional exibitionist I see?' I asked in a playful way. My lust for this girl grew and grew as I watched her. She was everything that I longed for.

'No, never thought I would get so turned on from it, but now I know better' Tiffany said in a playful way. 'Do you have any requests?' My mouth dropped wide open as my head filled with fantasies of what I wanted to see. I didn't know where to start, but I wanted this show to progress in a way that she might come over.

'YES' I blurted out in excitement, 'I saw you cleaning some black stalkings and panties, are they still wet?'

'Yes, but I have a different set' Tiffany explained and let her hand drop to her pussy as I watched her fingers dance around her clit.

'Go put them on' I ordered. She slowly turned around as she walked to her room. She walked so sexy and she knew I was looking at her perfect perky ass as she went around the corner. I couldn't see her anymore, but looking at her silhouette on her blinds from within her bedroom added to the mystery and my desires as I watched. I could see her putting on a bra and then slowly sliding on her panties, what did she look like? My mind felt like it was going to explode. She slowly put one leg on her bed or chair I didn't know and I could see her pulling her stalkings on over one of her legs. She changed legs and did the same in a slow teasing manner, I think she knew I could see her silhouette and I could hear her giggle in the phone. Her silhouette grew larger on the blinds and I could tell she was standing in front of her bedroom window.

'Do you want to see?' Tiffany asked in a quiet, shy voice.

'More then you could know' and no sooner did I say that she slowly started to lift the blinds of her bedroom. She played with me and I loved every minute of it. I could see the top of her stalkings and the V of her pussy that was tucked away in satin panties. 'White I see, very sexy. Is it to show me your virginity?' I asked in excitement.

'Only my virginity to being an exhibitionist' she replied and I could sense her excitement from the sound of her voice. She slowly started to raise the blinds again exposing her flat tummy to me and then her little perfect breasts in a matching satin white bra. When her blinds were fully open, I could see the lust in her eyes and I didn't have a clue what I was doing to myself, I was so lost in my own world as I looked at her. Tiffany slowly turned around and started to bend over her bed placing her hands on the edge of the mattress while exposing her ass to me. The view of her slender legs in stalkings and the way the white satin of her thong slide in-between her ass cheeks was so intoxicating to me.

'I need to touch you' I said without even thinking, those words just fell out of my mouth.

'What is your buzzer number?' she asked quickly. I told her, she hung up her phone and I could see her quickly move away from the window and then all the lights turned dark in her apartment. My heart was racing in anticipation. Was she coming over? I thought to myself. I could see a young couple entering her building and at the same time they opened the door, I could see Tiffany come into view. The couple stopped in mid walk as they held the door for Tiffany. She was wearing a black jacket, that covered her enough, but the tops of her stalkings were still exposed and anyone that looked at her could tell she didn't have much else on underneath. Tiffany walked across the street with grace and confidence, in her white stilettos, towards my building. The young couple just stood at the door and watched her, then I could see them look up and stare at me. I felt so powerful as they looked, more from the fact that they knew why Tiffany was coming over. I slowly turned from the window and walked away from their view. 

BUUZZZZZ!! It was her, I answered and only told her my apartment number as I heard the door open over the intercom. I knew it would take her a couple of minutes to get to my door and I slowly slid my boxers on as I waited. I could hear her footsteps outside my door and I slowly opened the door for her to come in. Tiffany grabbed me quickly as the door closed behind her with a slam. She kissed me so deeply, feeling the desire between us, as she removed her jacket. Our fingers touched each other everywhere as we kissed at the door. Tiffany's skin felt as soft as the satin did of her lingerie, our kiss was not forced or awkward. I stood abit taller then her and she slowly bent down to remove her stilettos. 
