 She did manage to get into her jean jacket and her skirt, and they spent an hour or so on her roommate's balcony that overlooked Warwick Blvd. He had gotten dressed while she cleaned up again in the bathroom.

O the balcony, which was very narrow, they had to sit on the cold concrete floor -- her with her back in the corner between the raining and one wall, him against the opposite wall. Though it was cold she didn't want anything more to wear and stated that her "pussy wanted to cool off."

They both had another beer before them and smoked a couple of cigarettes each, which she lit for both of them. At first she sat with her legs together, crossed at the ankles, but eventually folded them which raised the knee-length skirt high up revealing her resting vagina. Fnally she settled for talking to him with her knees folded up in front of her legs apart, which fully exposed her to him again. Much of the time they sat talking he spent unable to look away and the attention made her a little excited again. He was looking when her labia moved, flushed with the thoughts of attention, and opened a bit. She acknowledged it was cold, but told him, "I think I enjoy just about every sensation that I get down there. I even enjoy this hard, stiff denim jacket up here on my nipples." She rubbed it two-handedly against herself to demonstrate. "Were you excited by what we did?"

"Oh, hell yes, I've never done some of those things. Are you sure taking me from your ass to your mouth is such a good idea, though?" He did let a crinkle fold his nose to show it had grossed him out a bit.

"Maybe not, but I read up on the technique on the internet. All the porn-people recommend an enema beforehand, and so I cleaned myself out before going back to get you. I decided before I got back here that you and I were going to have sex tonight."

"Wow, you're confident."

"Well, I decided I had to be if I wanted you up in here." She said touching her opening with the finger she pointed at it. "You get confident from a lot of self-practice; I guess if you can do this, you can fuck the man you want." As she said that she picked up her beer, took it to her lips to swig, and then lowered the neck to her opening. He watched amused again by her antics as this time she inserted the mouth of the beer and poured a bit inside. Staying leaned back she beckoned him over with a finger and put her hand on the back of his head to guide him down to her. He kissed her open-mouthed to her pussy and she poured most of the beer into him, much actually got on his chin. Then she clenched her opening tight and sat up and said, "or this." She pushed him back gently so she could sit up in a straddle over the top of the bottle by sitting up on her knees. Surely some motorists o Warwick Blvd. would see her ass, mostly bare, or some passers-by would even see her over the bottle as she poured a little of the beer back into it. She picked the bottle out from between her labia and raised it to take another big drink, "and then there's this," she placed it back between her thighs and scooted over it. Her hand deftly guided the tip of the neck back in and then moved down to steady the base, "Baby, a lot of stuff we did tonight was first time for me, but you know what? This ain't new."

She sat down on the bottle and it entered to the end of the long neck. 'Geez, she has a big pussy' he thought wide eyed.

"What's the matter? Haven't you seen a girl fuck a bottle all the way in her cunny before?" She said teasingly grinning and started pushing the bottle up into herself further. He knew, and felt, that she almost shouldered the beer bottle when he'd been inside her anally before, but he had no idea how far she'd take this. He noticed she had about 1/3 of her drink still in there. She closed one eye and bit her lip and looked as if it helped her concentrate. She pushed past the shoulders. Closing her other eye she lowered her head and backed the bottle out an inch or two and then back in. She repeated this a few times, and over the light traffic and very little breeze he could hear alternatingly the beer slosh gently and the squoosh of her moist pussy lubricating the bottle. 

With the other hand she swept before her to find his hand and led his fingertips to her clit. "Keep me going, keep me wet," she said almost plainly like giving some other instruction. After a few seconds of his thumb rubbing her clitoris and occasionally teasing her hole around the partly inserted bottle, she reinserted the wider part and about another inch. While still rubbing her clitoris to keep her juices up he felt her inner vagina trying to tighten, then her making them loosen. The convulsive motion made him think again of a chomping action. When she'd gotten the motions under control she slid in another inch with a decided "Uh, huh" sound. Still facing down at her knees she shook her head. She may have shook her head 'no', but her fingers said 'yes' as they gripped the bottle tightly to steadily work in another inch.

Now, she leaned back and took her legs out from under her. He reached for her, concerned.

"No, no, just keep rubbing here." She placed her finger tips under the bottom of the bottle and pressed steadily. "If I can get your big head in my ass I can get this little bottle up here." She'd lost the penetration to the neck again, but easily slid it back to where she'd left off. Most of the beer drained into her as she guided it up.

The rest of the bottle was new, unmoistened territory so she coaxed his ministrations, "You got it, keep it going. You're helping, Help me fuck that thing, oh, oh, oh. Ow!" She'd come to orgasm, "Ow. Ow." He froze what he was doing. She 'ow'ed each time her orgasm made her muscles pulse. He took the base of the bottle and made to pull it out, but she caught his wrist and stopped him. Still with eyes closed she sighed, "No, no, keep it going, we'll get this in."

"No, don't hurt yourself to impress me."

"Look," her eyes opened, "Mr., I've done this before, and it's fine. See I'm in control. I'm freezing, this floor is concrete hard, I'm horny and I want this bottle in my pussy. You gonna help me, Mr.?"

There wasn't much to say. He loosened his grip as her fingers returned to the nubby ring that made up the bottom of the glass. Most of the beer had squirted out with the pulsations of her orgasm and was dripping from his hand, her hand, the bottom of the bottle. 

Good to her word she got control of these orgasmic spasms and started to push again. Sometimes she would push steady and sometimes she would rock the bottle in and out while he, again, played with her swollen and stretched clit. It seemed to take a long time to get those last couple of inches in. He was shocked to find out what she meant by 'all the way in'. Still holding her mouth open and breathing deeply she pushed with her fingertips until the base of the bottle leveled with and disappeared into her opening. She let out an "ah" as she let her muscular ring, reddened and much used in a short span of time, close around her first digit. "More," she breathed as she pushed to get one more digit in. And she smiled at him, "Touch it, hold it in there while I stand up."

He pushed two fingers up inside her to his second digits while she took her hands away. With one she grabbed the ledge's railing and moved one of her legs behind her. Pulling on the railing lifted her to standing, and he had to keep up pressure to keep the bottle from being expelled by the motion. Once she was vertical he felt her tighten on his fingers again, and he slowly brought them out. The bottle stayed in but slid to just inside her opening -- the vaginal floor. He noticed the bulge as her body enclosed the longneck down to its base. Now he knew someone down on the road must have noticed. She stiffly walked them inside. Now, encountering the warmth she shivered and pulled down her skirt.

She pulled him close by the belt loops of his jeans and kissed him deeply. He could have sworn that he felt the firm tight spot of the bottle pressing against his erection. 

"Now, I know you've got to go home and stuff, but I want you to think really hard about everything you saw here tonight..." she said holding the back of his head with a gentle hand to keep his face close to hers. Another kiss, "If there's anything you liked, you wanna see again; we'll do it. Any ideas you got, any fantasy you've had; we'll do it. I'm willing to try anything you can think of..."

"Really?" He had to ask. "Anything?"

"Oh, yeah." She nodded keeping eye contact with him. "I've been lonely and horny, and little girl toys aren't going to cut it anymore." A pause and then she said demurely, "I want that cock in your jock chock up in my sock." Then she kissed him sweetly. Near the door she made him write down his number and wrote hers down for him. "Call me and see how fast I jump on it." When she straightened up from writing at a doorway table, though... "Uh, oh, oh," then a gasp and he heard the slick sounds. She'd forgotten to hold herself stiffly and had to scramble to reach up into her skirt to keep from dropping the bottle. She held it up, still wet and with a drip of beer left inside and chuckled, "I'll try to leave some of these cool for you."