 When she walked into the house, it was quiet and she thanked heavens he wasn't home. She wanted to get her things out of the house with as little drama as possible. She'd known he'd be at the gym at this time of the day so it was a great time to gather her life out of his house. Placing her set of keys on the coffee table in the living room, she made a beeline for the master bedroom. The door was wide open. The bed was unmade and there were a couple of shirts strewn around on the bed. He must have woken up late and had a hard time deciding what to wear. 

Stepping around the monstrosity of a bed, she went to the bathroom to get her toiletries. Toothbrush hair brush, lotions, face wipes, perfume, roll on, box of tamps, more products and a fluffy wash rug all went into a small valise case. Bathroom items done, she went to what had become her side of the closet. She neatly paced the clothes into the suitcase she had brought along. It was enlightening to see just how many of her clothes had accumulated at his place. It seemed like she had moved in.

Next was the underwear drawer. She didn't take as much care with these as she tossed them into the suitcase without folding or sorting. They'd end up in her drawer the pretty much the same way so what was the point, huh? Teddi looked around to see if there was something else of hers lying loosely around. She couldn't see anything so she closed up the suitcase and went to the multi-plug at the far end of the room. She unplugged her laptop and phone chargers and deposited them in a side compartment of the suitcase. Anything else could hold till later she thought to herself. 

After lugging the suitcase and the valise case to the living room, she stood and looked around for a moment before remembering the cold cream in the fridge. It was a tip she had seen loosely on some TV show.He had laughed at her for heeding that particular beauty tip. As she walked into the kitchen, she gasped at the sight of Andrew seated on the couch all loose limbed and casually reading a newspaper. He hadn't been to the gym by the looks of it. He was still in his work clothes. As an IT consultant, Andrew wore jeans and t-shirts to work. If he was feeling dressy he'd skip the sneakers and maybe put on some boots. Casual did not even begin to describe the man.

He looked up when he heard her sharp intake of breath. He smiled at her apologetically and put the paper down. Teddi could see he drink on the small coffee stool next to the couch. He was having a beer. She was slightly puzzled at not hearing all this activity going on from a room that was practically next door. She walked into the kitchen fully and stood at some mid point between the refrigerator, the door and Andrew. She was trying to find something to say that would discourage a lengthy conversation.

"You know, I bought this couch so I would watch you cook. You love to cook. And you like the company. Personally, I have a hard time not being in the same room with you." He drawled from the couch. It was true what he said. She had liked having him in the kitchen while she cooked. He complained about the dining seats in the kitchen saying they were stiff. So they had shopped around for a couch for him. And later a stool for his drinks or hers when he was cooking and she was watching. She cleared her throat wondering what the appropriate response to that was.

"I heard you packing." He stated flatly.

"I am sorry; I meant to do this while you were at the gym. Just came in here for my...."

"Cold cream." He finished for her. She smiled weakly and walked towards the fridge. Opening the door, she took out the jar from its pace next to the multi-vitamins and such. When she closed the door, Andrew had turned his full attention and body towards her. She felt slightly stalked. Like he was some prey just waiting to pounce. Clearing her throat once more, she opened her mouth to speak but no words came out. She wasn't sure what to say in any case.

"You could try telling me why you feel the need to sneak out of here." He supplied when it became evident she wasn't going to say a thing. She frowned at him. Sneaking? And here she thought she was being thoughtful by trying to avoid an awkward conversation. Ironically one was just about to happen. 

"I wasn't sneaking Andrew. I was avoiding an uncomfortable conversation like this one." She told him hoping she didn't sound as irritated as she was starting to feel. 

"It is bound to happen sooner or later. Why not now, while the wounds are fresh? It's much more reveling this way." He said with a small smile. He was quoting her. She'd said the very same thing when they had their first ever full out fight and he wouldn't talk about it. She smiled back and sat on the counter in front of him. "Ok speak." She invited and moved further up the counter in a gesture of getting comfortable.

"Only leave if you don't love me." He stated simply and she breathed in deep. He wasn't done.

"I talked to Tanya and explained that I wasn't interested. I also talked to your puppy and apologized for my rude behavior." 

"You honestly think that's the problem? Tanya and James?" she snorted at him and shook her head.

"Is there something else I am unaware of?" he asked as he stood up and walked towards her. 

Her alarm bells went off and she squirmed in her position on the high counter. He seemed amused with her discomfort. Before she could answer him, he had picked up her up and swung her over his shoulder.

"What the fuck Andrew!" she yelled at his back. 

She could tell they were headed towards the bedroom. Struggling for a few seconds, Teddi stilled as he came to an abrupt stop and cleared the bed in one sweep of his arm. Placing her on the bed gently, he knelt between her legs and stared at her for an eternity. 

"Are we going to have a stare off?" she asked with large eyes at him.

"No. Something dirty." He said and proceeded to lie on top of her. He wasn't gentle and succeeded in knocking a little breath out of her lungs. While he kissed a reluctant Teddi, he was feeling around the head board for something. She couldn't really tell what he was up to. Eventually, after his non stop onslaught of her lips, she melted into the kiss and even started to kiss him back.

It was a shock to her when her kiss filled mind came back to earth to find her hands handcuffed to the head of the bed. Not fluffy playful handcuffs but steel handcuffs. Glistening in the evening light, they made her shiver as she looked at Andrew questioningly.

"I would never hurt you, you know that. Now shut up and enjoy." He commanded in a voice she hadn't heard from him in sometime.

Getting off her, he went about gagging her with a silk scarf she had forgotten to pack. Or maybe he had hidden it. Andrew was as cheeky as he was a strategist. Next he undressed her oh-so-slowly before he tied her legs to the knobs at the foot of the bed using long scarves. He tied her ankles after prying her legs apart and she was felt very exposed. He blindfolded her and went straight for her breasts. 

He licked and sucked them. 

She felt an electric shock ran through her as his palm grazed her nipple after his mouth had left it hot. He pressed in a circular motion, rolled the nipple between his fingers and pulled lightly. Teddi's body was being slowly set on fire. Her other neglected nipple hardened almost painfully in its call for attention. 

Her back arched involuntarily and Andrew laughed. He moved to the other nipple causing ripples to go down her spine. She was unable to prevent the moan that came from her throat as she threw her head back. 

"Mmmmm.....I think you like that." He murmured against her nipple before taking it once more into his hot mouth. "Or would you prefer this....?" He whispered hotly against her ear as he licked her neck tentatively at first, gauging her reaction. 

Teddi tried to remain still but after a few more seconds of the biting and sucking on her neck she was powerless to stop her breath from becoming faster. She couldn't see him, or anything for that matter. Slight terror ran through her before his sharp bite brought her back to him, and the present.

He moved down her stomach. Placing wet kisses as he traveled south, he left a wet trail that was cooled beautifully by the evening chill in the room. Then he got to the apex of her thighs, breathed in deeply and growled. Teddi would have killed to know if he was staring at her. She had never felt so exposed and safe at the same time.

She tried to remember what had landed her in this situation in the first place. Andrew was however moving onto to better things it seemed. He leaned in further and started to lick, bite and suck her increasingly pussy. She wriggled under his erotic attack and pushed her pelvis further into his mouth.

Growling some more Andrew stilled her and widened her legs some more before he replaced his mouth with a finger. One of his large fingers caressed the walls of her slick entrance and she whimpered. Her pussy walls clenched around him as he added yet another two fingers and rocked them inside her in a furious rhythm. His thumb leisurely circled her clit and she felt heat flood her entire body in a sweeping wave. She could hear his breathing also become faster and she smiled to herself in secret triumph. 

Taking hold of her hips, he moved them in rhythm on his fingers, urging her to ride them. As she threw herself into fucking his fingers, she almost jerked off the bed when she felt his cold lips on her clit. He must have drunk something, she thought to herself. She wished her hands were free so she could push him further into her mound. He knew what he was doing though because he sucked her entire clit into his mouth and Teddi reveled in the sensation of his mouth on her clit and his fingers fucking her wet wet cunt furiously and fast.

Disappointment filled her momentarily when his fingers withdrew just as she was starting to feel the beginnings of an orgasm. He replaced his fingers with his tongue tough and the difference in texture and depth was delicious. It sent another jolt of electricity through her body as he deftly worked her hole with his hard tongue. 

Her moans started to get ever louder and he switched his wonderful mouth back to her hard nub. Sucking it hard and occasionally nibbling it, he pushed two fingers back in and aimed them upward. Teddi became undone and dissolved into a pool of solid fire. Her body felt heavy and limp and she sank into the mattress in the aftermath of her sexual climax. 

She could feel him straddle her body and move upwards. She knew what he wanted. On some fronts Andrew was a very predictable man. He moved to her breasts and rubbed the tip of his hard cock against a nipple. It responded, the shameless thing. She'd just had an overwhelming orgasm; she should not have been able to muster the strength to get turned on again! She felt something trickle down onto her chest and over her breasts. 

Andrew started to run his dick between her tits. At first he was slow, taking long strokes and grabbing her breasts together almost painfully. Moving even further up, he rocked against her breasts faster and she could sense his hot cock just below her chin.

"Lick it." He commanded softly and she opened her mouth in obeisance. Sticking out her tongue a little, she welcome the taste of the tip of his dick as he fucked her tits. Abandoning her breasts momentarily, he attempted to put more of his cock inside her mouth but the position she was in was inhibiting. He got off of her and she heard a little rustling. 

She felt him kneel between her legs and then gasped as he speared deep into her. His fingers held her thighs, spreading them wider if that was possible. He thrust into her again, ramming his thick hard cock deep inside her soaping pussy. Even as her mind protested, her traitorous body responded to the possession that was taking place by shuddering around him. Repeatedly.

A hand slid between them to pinch her pink nub. It was exquisite. He thrust harder and harder into her as his one hand tormented her clit mercilessly. The bed shook with the force of his thrusts as they gained yet more momentum making her a quivering mess beneath his persistence. 

As he drove deeper, she could hear his balls slapping against her and it did more things to her very sensitive body. She felt his body tense above her as he exploded thickly inside her. She lay unmoving beneath him, her arms in pain as he their breathing evened out.

He un-cuffed her hands first, rubbing them a little before untying her legs and rubbing the strain out of them as well. The gag and the blindfold followed in quick suit. She was finally able to take a look at him. In the darkness of the evening, it wasn't a good look but it was better than nothing. 

He switched the bedside lamp on making her squint at the sudden brightness. He moved to stand over her, pulling his jeans over his manly hips and contemplating her expressionlessly.

"I'm really hoping you'll stay. I have no interest in anyone but you. Again, only leave if you don't love me, ok?" he said so quietly she barely heard him.

"You know Andrew, switching my pills was an unbelievably low thing to do." Teddi told him with a long sigh as she looked around for her clothes.

"I know. I am not at my most rational when it comes to dealing with you. I'm sorry however. I really am. He said with a kiss as he headed to the bathroom. Teddi rubbed her wrists and sank back into the huge bed. Moaning, she covered her head and closed her eyes tightly.