 I sat down in her home office, the chair opposite her desk. "Thanks for seeing me on a Saturday," I said. I need representation."

She nodded. "Which is why I agreed to see you today. Tell me about it."

"I need to sue my employer for sexual harassment. It 's getting uncomfortable working for her."

"Her? This is a switch," she said, "and it sounds like this could be an unusual case. Why don't you tell me about it." She got up from her chair and came around to the front of her desk, leaning against the front edge with her hands on the top of the desk surface as a brace. "How often does all this happen?"

"Usually about three times a week. It's like this," I said. "I'll be working on something when she comes up to me and starts hitting on me. She starts talking suggestively, and if I don't take the bait she gets more and more blatant about things."

"Suggestively? Like how you look good that day, or how it's warm in the room?"

"Stuff like that, yeah."

"And that makes you uncomfortable? You're not attracted to her at all?"

"I didn't say that. It just that she's my employer, and there's the old saying 'Don't get your meat where you get your bread.' I have to be careful because I really like my job."

"Being careful is usually a good idea. What does she do from there if you don't respond to her verbal cues?"

"She goes from suggestive to blatant like I said. She already shows a lot of cleavage to begin with since she's well built, but she kinda steps it up a notch by beginning to unbuttoning her blouse."

She gave me a small smile. "I need to understand the whole situation. I want to get a better idea of what you're talking about. She stars unbuttoning her blouse like this, right?" 

One button, two buttons, a third button. I swallowed hard. The view was getting pretty nice. "Uh, yeah, like that. Her tits kinda jump out like yours do." I swallowed again. "Damn."

She stopped leaning against the desk and took a step towards my chair, continuing to loosen the buttons. "I have a feeling she just keeps on going like this, doesn't she?" When I nodded, she nodded back, then shrugged off her blouse and I before I could say anything else, she popped open her front-closure bra, revealing a nice set of tits. She was short, so they were at eye level as I sat in that chair.

"Oh, my god. Yeah, that's what she does." I couldn't help myself. As she took that final step forward, I reached out and took one breast gently in each hand and rubbed my thumbs over her nipples, which were already standing at attention.

She gave a little shudder. Looking down at me, she said "And this is what your reaction is when she exposes herself?" 

"I can't help it," I said shakily. "I'm a tit man, and when they look that good, I have to touch, and I have to taste." With that, I leaned forward and took her right nipple into my mouth and began to suck and to run my tongue over the tip. She murmured "Mmmm" as I continued to orally caress her right side while running my thumb over her left nipple. Her right hand slipped behind my head and she ran her fingers through my hair as I switched sides with my mouth.

She suddenly took a step back. "Stand up," she commanded. I complied. She looked down at my crotch. "You seem to be enjoying yourself. Hard to claim harassment, but let's continue the scenario. Does she reciprocate when you suck on her tits?"

"Well, kinda," I stammered. 

"Aha," she said. "I think I know what you mean." She dropped to her knees and began unbuckling my belt. She got it undone in record time, then swiftly unzipped my pants and pulled them down. The bulge in my underwear was unmistakable. "You look uncomfortable," she said, looking up at me. She pulled down my briefs, and my cock sprang to attention.

She smiled at me again. "Damn. Big. But not too big. Anyway, when I asked if she reciprocated, I meant does she suck your dick?" 

"Yes," I whispered, mesmerize by the sight of her kneeling and grabbing me. 

"Like this?" she said, and slid her lips over the head, swirling her tongue around the tip. I groaned, and she began bobbing up and down, my cock sliding in and out of her mouth as she began to suck me in earnest. She took it deeper and deeper before stopping and pulling it out. "Does she use her tongue, too?" she said as she licked along the underside, sliding the tip up and down the length of my shaft, ending with quick flicks along the glans. I almost when up on tiptoe when she did that.

She resumed sucking, again bobbing her head up and down as she took in a good portion of my cock. She must have sensed that I was nearing climax, because she abruptly stopped and stood up. I let out a disappointed sound, and she gave a little laugh and began taking off the rest of her clothes. "Get undressed," she said.

Who was I to say no? I slipped off my shoes and socks so I wouldn't get all tangled up, and then stripped off in record time. The sight of her naked made me even harder, if that was possible. She grabbed me by my erection and led me over to the couch on the far wall.

"Are you a gentleman about things?" she asked. "Do you return the favor when she sucks you off?" She sat down on the couch and spread her legs.

"Of course," I said, and took the cue, dropping to my knees. I saw her pussy glisten with juices, the lips protruding and pink and obviously aroused. "She me how you go down on her," she said, her breath catching.

"Yessss," I hissed and began to lick her slit. As I began, she spread even wider. I slid my hands under her ass to lift her slightly and started to tongue her clit. She moaned, and a began licking from side to side. She shuddered a little, and I moved my attentions southward to her opening. When I slid my tongue inside, she let out a little "Aaaah" and moved both of her hands behind my head, pulling me closer. 

I took the hint and stepped up my efforts, pistoning my tongue in and out of her pussy. I was rewarded by a corresponding wash of wetness on my face as she became even more aroused. Her juices tasted perfect. I thought I heard her moan, but it was hard to tell because she had wrapped her thighs around my ears and began rocking in time to my oral attack.

This time I was the one that stopped and pulled back. Her eyes were half-lidded and her face was flushed. There weren't going to be any more commands coming from her at this point. From here on out the show was mine.

"At this point is when we usually go to the next level. Do you know what I mean?" She nodded. "This is where we start fucking. You want me to show you how we fuck?"

"Yes," she said. "Show me."

She slid back onto the couch, but I stopped her. "No. We're not going to do it here. Take me to your bedroom." 

She got up shakily and took my hand and led me into the hallway and to the room across the hall. We walked to the bed and didn't just peel back the covers -- we stripped them off and practically threw them to the floor. She got on the bed and moved to the center. I joined her in the middle.

"Now, spread your legs for me." When she did, I kneeled between her thighs and stopped, with my cock poised at her entrance. "You have a beautiful pussy. It's time to fuck." And without further ado, I slid forward and slid inside.

She was nice and tight, but so wet that I was able to enter her with ease. We both let out little moans, and I grabbed the sides of her legs and began slow thrusts into her warmth. By the third thrust, I had worked my entire cock inside and she let out a little gasp. "Deep."

I gave an evil chuckle as I kept up a slow measured pace. "Deep is right. You like how my dick fills up your pussy don't you? Mmmm. Say it."

"Yes, nice and big. Yes." She looked me in the eye, biting her lower lip and began rocking her hips harder in time to my thrusts. "Fuck. Ahhh."

That's when I began stepping up the speed. Shorter strokes, deep inside, faster and faster. Her face began to turn red, her hips stopped rocking and started bucking, and I could feel her pussy begin to tense up. Then she cried out and began to cum. The way her muscles contracted, it was all I could do not to join her in release. Somehow, somehow, I managed to control myself while she let go. 

After a time, the earthquake subsided, and I resumed my earlier slow, steady pace. Her breath was ragged. "You didn't cum, did you?" she asked.

"Not yet. But I'm going to very soon." She resumed answering my thrusts by rocking with me, trying to urge me to completion. "You look so hot like this. Your big tits bouncing, your thighs spread for me, my dick sliding in and out of that tight little pussy." 

Her face started getting red again. "You like this don't you," I said. My breath was starting to come out in gasps. "You like having your tight little pussy filled. Now I'm about to fill it for real. You want my cum?"

"Yessss. Cum inside me. Fill my pussy."

When I heard that, I couldn't hold back anymore. I let out a bellow, and as I began to spurt inside her, she hit her peak once again, but this time was a total release for her, that super-squeeze once, twice, then a total relaxation of complete and utter orgasm. I noted it in passing, because I was having the most intense orgasm I'd had in a long time. It seemed to go on forever and ever. Time had stopped.

Then time resumed. I found myself still kneeling between her upraised legs, the sheets soaked with sweat and our commingled fluids. She looked at me, and suddenly I could see that she was in control of herself again, and in control of the situation.

"Don't you dare pull out of me," she said, wrapping her legs around my waist. "I'm going to ask you some questions, and there's no way in the world you're going to be able to lie to me with your dick still buried so deeply inside my pussy. No way in the world." She gave an evil grin.

"Ask away."

"You said you like tits. Do you like sucking on your bosses' tits? Tell the truth."

"Well, yes."

"Does your boss do a good job when she goes down on you? Do you like how she sucks your dick, how her lips feel wrapped around you when she's doing it."

"Well, yes."

"Do you like eating pussy?"

"Of course."

"Does your boss have an ugly pussy. Does she taste bad when you're licking her?"

"No."

"Are you starting to see where this is going? Is your bosses' pussy nice and tight?"

"Yes, it is."

"Does she respond the way you like when you fuck her deep with that big dick of yours."

"Yes, actually."

"Does your boss like it when you cum inside her?"

"Yeah. She does."

She got a serious look on her face. "Okay. Let me sum it all up. This happens three times a week. Your boss has big tits that you like to suck. She goes down on you and sucks your dick and it feels good. She has a pussy that tastes good when you go down on her. Your boss has a tight pussy and she likes it when you cum inside her. In short, your boss is a pretty good fuck.."

"Actually, she's not pretty good. It's the best pussy I've ever had. She fucks like a wildcat. She makes me cum like no one else."

I could feel my cum leaking out of her as she started laughing. "Sorry, I can't represent you. You don't have a case, and you don't have a ghost of a chance of winning a judgment against her. None. And I get the feeling you've left out some important information."

"I probably did," I answered.

She looked at me and smiled. "Seems to me you're going about this all wrong. You shouldn't sue this woman. You should marry her and wear her out in bed as often as possible."

"Okay, here's the part I didn't tell you. I already married my boss." I reached over and picked up her left hand. "Did it 26 years ago." I kissed the ring on her finger. "And after all that time, she's still a wildcat in the sack." I smiled at her.

She smiled back at me. "I like your attitude."