 The crowd filled the club to overflowing, bodies packing the space. The din was almost deafening, a thousand voices all laughing and talking. I chose the path of most resistance and pressed on to the bar.

I ordered a Jack and Coke and turned to survey the room, my bored gaze briefly scanning faces and moving on. Suddenly, I stopped and backtracked, touching an intense gaze across the room.

His eyes held me. His lips tilted into an "I'm watching you watch me" sort of smile. I called his bluff and raised the stakes by lifting my brow and shrugging slightly. I turned to pay for my drink and when I looked back he was gone. I raised my glass and felt a moment of intense disappointment. The first sip of Jack Daniels warmed my throat, I closed my eyes and savored the heat.

When I opened them again, he was standing next to me. "What took you so long?" I grinned.

He grinned back at me, "It's crowded in here."

His voice was pure gravel and poured over me like hot rain, making me shiver.

"Are you leaving here with me?" he asked simply.

I stood up and looked back at him, "No." I shook my head. "You are leaving here with me." I sauntered to the door. I didn't have to look behind me I knew he was following. That visual hit and run across the dance floor had stunned us both, the attraction was immediate. 

I flagged down a taxi and as I sat down in the back seat, he leaned down and looked at me, "Are we really going to do this?"

I smiled and grabbed him by the jacket collar, brought his face to mine and pulled his bottom lip between my teeth. He fell in on top of me as the cabbie pulled away from the curb, our mouths hungrily pressed into our first kiss.

I unlocked my apartment door and stepped inside, he didn't waste any time pinning me to the back of the door. His kisses were sweet and silky. I could have eaten him alive.

He pressed his outrageous hard on against my stomach, sending shivers through the very core of me. I tugged at his jacket and pulled it off of his shoulders temporarily trapping his arms. I grinned, "Mmm, bondage."

He laughed and leaned in to bite my bottom lip, "You want to tie me up, Mistress?"

"All in good time....all in good time," I whispered, feeling more and more in control with every passing second. I pushed him away, surprising him with my actions. "Let me see what you've got. Get naked for me!" was my command.

He responded immediately, hurrying to get his coat and shirt off. "Wait!" I whispered again. "Let me help you with the rest." My fingers felt for his zipper and I slowly tugged it down, pushing slightly to feel the full length of his hard cock. I pulled down his pants leaving him naked. He was proud of his size and I loved every inch of it. I stepped back away, leaving him alone, naked, hard and vulnerable before me.

Just thinking that thirty minutes ago I didn't even know this man and now he was naked in my apartment, I could feel my sex readying for this encounter. "Stroke it for me." I whispered solemnly, "I want to see how big you can make it for me."

I walked over to the stereo and chose a cassette tape that was low and familiar, with a pulsing tempo that echoed the throbbing rhythm in my center. 

He had his hand wrapped around his meat and was slowly pumping his cock through it. I pressed myself against him and his fine, hard on. "Nice cock," I breathed against his ear.

He groaned and I laid my hand over his. I squeezed his cock and pulled all the while whispering filthy words in his ear. His legs were getting weak. I loved what I was doing to him.

I now controlled both his cock and his cum. With my slightest motion I could urge him to stroke at the pace that I desired. With the smallest pressure I could make him stop, just when I wanted, bringing him to the peak of excitement. My arousal grew along with his.

I took my other hand and felt inside my already damp panties, sliding my middle finger in with ease. I was so ready, so wet. My mouth pushed firmly against his ear, but there were no more words, just sounds.

I continued to control his hand firmly, not letting him stroke himself to completion. I wanted him to hear me cum, the sounds loud in his ear. In and out I fucked myself to my own enjoyment, knowing exactly where and how to touch myself. His obvious frustration increased my excitement, I could feel him wanting to move his hips as my grip on his hand tightened. Louder and louder my moans rushed in his ear as I felt myself tightening with intensity.

My back arched, my whole body stiffening as this wild ride brought me to orgasm. I pulsed on the floor, actually relaxing a bit now that some of the pressure had been released. I was surprised to feel his cum leaking over my fingers and down his shaft. He came, not with great spurts, but more like molten lava overflowing the crater. The upheaval of steamy liquid too great to remain underground.

I watched amazed at how with each throb of his cock more semen oozed out and flowed down over his sloped head and my tight fist. I looked up at him as the tension visibly dissipated from his stiff frame. "How did you do that?" I questioned.

He laughed or perhaps groaned, "You just let it take you, you don't pump and thrust, it just gets pushed up from the inside." He slid down the door frame and took a deep breath.

We leaned against each other, both spent and fulfilled, enjoying the reality of what had just happened. The intensity of focused pleasure had drained both of us, and the volume of his cum all over both our hands proved it. I watched as his cock continued to twitch, it may have temporarily lost its length, but my desire was already starting to rise again. Watching his hand still touching himself quickened my desire and I felt the beginnings of heat once again in the depths of my pussy. I wasn't done with him yet.

Rising languidly I smiled down at him, a knowing smile, an age-old female smile. I raked my mischievous gaze thoroughly over his naked body. His cock was jutting forward, communicating his interest in the most visceral of languages. I had enjoyed being clothed while he had been so fully exposed. There was a small and admittedly insignificant advantage to that, but one that made me feel all powerful, ultra-feminine and womanly. Suddenly my clothes felt confining, I wanted to meet him on a level playing field this time. I wanted to be stripped bare and as naked as he was.

I reached back and unzipped my dress, turning my back to him I grinned impishly over my shoulder and let it fall in a puddle at my feet. My skin tingled as the cooler air stroked over me, it felt so good, like a lover's caress. I slipped off my panties and tossed them aside. The liquid heated between my legs and I almost groaned as lust gripped the very center of me. I turned and watched him as I revealed myself slowly.

Other than the slight flaring of his nostrils, his face gave away nothing of what he thought about my curvy figure. His gaze darted to my chest when I drew in a deep breath, pushing my plump breasts out as I inhaled. His eyes stopped briefly at my nipples, which made them rise immediately. He knew I wasn't done with him and his breathing deepened as well. 

"Let's get you cleaned up," I whispered to him. His eyes never left me as I went to get him a warm, wet towel. I could have sworn I heard him breathe quietly to himself, "Great ass." I returned with the heat of the cloth in my hand matching the heat building inside me. "I want to watch you clean yourself," was all I needed to say to see his cock start to come to life again.

He wrapped the moist towel around his cock and started cleaning himself up and jacking himself off. I watched him enjoy every stroke and sensation, almost as much as I did.

I headed into the kitchen and poured us each a cold glass of water. Fucking is thirsty work when done properly. He followed me in after a quick trip to the bathroom. He was still gloriously naked, I'm sure a lot of men would have slipped on their shorts for comfort, not this luscious beast; he led the way with his semi-erect cock.

He took the glass I held out for him and downed it thirstily, "That hit the spot." He grinned and with one arm wrapped around my waist lifted me up onto my kitchen table. He parted my knees and stood between my thighs, tugging me to the edge of the table. His large hands slid from my ass, slowly up my back stroking and touching, his fingers threaded threw my hair until he cupped the back of my head. He kissed me; it was sweet and exploratory, his mouth wandering over me at a leisurely pace. I was enjoying every second of it. I tilted my head back and opened my mouth, an invitation for him to delve further if he'd like.

He pulled away just enough to look into my eyes and tenderly stated, " You are one hot little firecracker, you know that?"

I closed the distance between our smiling mouths for another soft kiss. "Does that make you the flame that sets me on fire?" I quietly responded as our lips met.

His cock was unfurling against me and I could feel him getting bigger. I pressed closer to better feel that silky erection as it grew. I moaned, "Just what I need."

He took my shoulders and gently laid me back on the table, I stretched my arms up and over my head, and my breasts mounded high on my chest. He raised both legs so that my feet were flat on the edge of the table and pushed my knees wide apart.

I arched my back, it felt so sexy to be lying there vulnerable and open to his every whim.

His fingers feathered lightly from the bottom of my feet over my calves, spending time on that often forgotten erogenous zone, the back of my knees, he stroked along my thighs until his fingers met at the apex of my legs.

I whimpered and lifted to him.

His hands moved to my breasts and began a delicate groping and squeezing, putting just the right amount of friction on my nipples. "Hard nipples make me stiff, baby," he whispered.

Keeping his hands there and adding a gentle tug, he moved his head between my open thighs and playfully nipped at my skin. I squirmed at the experience, enjoying it immensely, but anxious for his tongue to taste me.

Warm and smooth, his tongue got closer and I moved my hips so that my pussy would meet his mouth. The temperature of his breath and the knowledge that he would soon be entering me with his tongue sent a fresh sensation of excitement through me.

His tongue started low on my slit and worked its way slowly and passionately upward. The vibrations his tongue made when he moaned his satisfaction radiated inside me. I tried to tighten my thighs around his head, but he took his hands and pushed them wider open yet, leaving me all the more vulnerable and available to his mouth. His entire mouth now covered my pussy and the protrusion of his tongue in and out was taking me to a place that I had never experienced before. I wanted to cum with his mouth on me so badly, but I wanted this feeling to last and last. I knew we were going to have the fuck of our lives.

I threaded my fingers through his hair and pulled his head back just to see my juices glistening on his face. He licked his lips and dove back into my creamy sex with enthusiasm. I pressed him closer and savored every stroke of his wicked tongue, stretching and moaning my appreciation of his efforts.

His fingers plucked at one swollen pussy lip, pinching gently and running that puffy flesh through his thumb and forefinger adding to the sweet sensations. Holding them apart he stiffened his tongue and fucked me with it. He was stabbing into my now drenched center again and again while he used his thumb to practically vibrate my clit.

I rose up off the surface gasping for air as I started climaxing hard, spasms ripped through me, he had to grip my thighs in his strong hands and pin me to the table to continue working over my cunt with his amazing mouth.

I screamed my pleasure and begged him to stop, "No more. Oh, please! God! No, more I can't take it!" Just as I manage to push him away my body clenched tight and I climaxed again. I groaned and dragged air into my depleted lungs at the same time he held me open watching my delightfully abused cunt squeezing and jerking.

The intensity of my orgasm left me a little weak and shaky; I looked up a little embarrassed to see him smiling down at me. "Nice." was all he said, with a big smile on his face.

"Nice," I repeated, "does not begin to cover it."

He laughed a nice deep rumbling sound and pulled my bottom back to the edge of the table. "My turn." He stated and with one smooth motion buried his cock in me.

I closed my eyes and felt every centimeter of his cock as it parted my flesh to rest balls deep in my cunt. I used my well toned inner muscles to grip him once he was well seated.

He laughed and groaned at once, "Damn, woman!"

I clamped down again, lifting to my elbows so I could see his cock in me. I looked up at him and saw that he was watching, too.

He started to move slightly and you could see my small inner lips drag against his cock as he pulled out and his nostrils flared. He pushed back in and did it again, as he did, I squeezed.

"Fuck!" he said.

"Yes." I grinned. "Fuck."

His cock pushed in until the head disappeared inside me...and then he stopped. I could feel his dick throb, pulsating with each beat of his heart, and my desire to be penetrated deeper grew stronger and stronger. God I wanted him to go deep, filling me completely. But he stayed still, allowing the intensity and the anticipation to build. Total focus and feeling was on his cock and I could feel it getting even harder, growing in girth and length. The feeling swarmed over me and I knew only another orgasm would allow relief, there was no way to stop my screams of pure satisfaction as they grew louder and louder.

I let this one take me, like pitching myself off the edge of a cliff. I closed my eyes and jumped, feeling the wind against my skin as I fall and fall, screaming with the primitive beauty of it. I collapsed on his hard cock, panting and crying out at the incredible feel of it.

He shoved deep inside of me and I arched into him taking all of the cock that I could get, urging him to give me more. It's such an erotic drive to take all the cock that a man can give you. I wanted to be absolutely filled with him. Our bodies pushed into one another, as if we were attempting to push right through to the other side.

"Cum for me, I want you to cum for me now." And I did, I wanted to feel that crescendo of driving powerful need swell in him until he couldn't hold it anymore.

He gave me everything I wanted that night. He came when I needed him to and as his body tensed, poised on the edge, I took that leap with him and together we flew.

Over the years we have often recreated our first encounter. It's the one anniversary we try always to celebrate. I wear a little black dress and walk through a crowded club, until our eyes meet. We talk quietly sometimes remembering all the other anniversaries, like the time I wore a little black maternity dress. I was expecting our second baby that year, and when he sat me up on the kitchen table we laughed so hard at the big belly in the way of our lovemaking. Not that it stopped us; we just had to make adjustments.

Walking through the crowded club, the music was so different and the clothes, too. My gaze scanned the crowd eagerly. I see his salt and pepper hair, so distinguished; I can't wait to run my fingers through it. I step to the bar and order a Jack and Coke. I feel my body moistening for this encounter.

He steps up beside me and I say, "What took you so long?"

He grins and the laugh lines around his eyes appear so handsome to me. "It's crowded in here." He observes. "You want to go home with me? My youngest just started college and we'll be able to fuck on the kitchen table all night."

I sauntered to the door. I didn't have to look behind me I knew he was following. The attraction was immediate and everlasting.