 As Nicole sipped her drink, her eyes roamed around the fashionable setting, curious to see what kind of people attended a bachelor auction. To her, this auction seemed like a silly waste of money, and the people who spent the exorbitant amounts of money bordered on desperate. This was her perception of the event before she saw him.

Kane leaned against the bar, bored on the inside, and seemingly interested on the outside. He excelled at this façade, drawing experience from the countless board meetings that he had to attend that bored him to death. Nursing a brandy, Kane tuned out the ramblings of his mother (who was responsible for him being here, he would get her back later) and swept his eyes across the room, scanning the faces, not really looking for anything, but just looking. What Kane saw did not bode well for his auction, the people who attended the auction and planned to bid were all bored wives of rich men, looking for a momentary distraction and women who were vicious man-eaters. Then, just when Kane thought all hope was lost, he caught sight of a slender blonde across the room. Standing with a group of her friends, she was the sweetest thing he had seen in a long time. Tall, with the slim physique of an athlete, she caught his eye with her dress -- or rather, lack of it. Well, Kane mused, this night might go better than expected.

Surrounded by her laughing friends, Nicole studied the man's body from across the room. She was a sucker for a man in a suit, and he filled out his perfectly. Tall, with black hair and piercing eyes, she couldn't tell the color from here, he looked like a man that designers fought to clothe, which was a shame, because he would probably impress everyone a whole lot more if he wasn't clothed. Nicole turned back to her friends, one of them had asked her something but she had been too busy ogling the man to hear. One of Nicole's best friends, Liana, had just asked her if she saw anyone that she was planning to bid on. Maybe, said Nicole, her eyes again searching out the unknown man. This time, when she looked over, their eyes met, and heat coursed through her body as the man faintly lifted an eyebrow in interest. Man, Nicole thought, if he can make me feel this hot with just his eyes, God knows what he can do with his whole body.

What Nicole felt wasn't one sided. As Kane made eye contact with the blonde, his cock stirred in his pants, the first below the belt action all night. He decided to take the initiative and approach her. He set his empty tumbler on the bar, and excusing himself to his mother, turned to make his way towards the stunning beauty. When he turned, he found himself face to face with Bianca Jerlini, a woman who he had slept with a few months before, much to his regret, for when they were still having morning coffee, her phone had rang with people asking her how he was in the sack, to which she answered -- in great detail -- what he was great at and what he could improve on, but overall she had said, the best she'd ever had. Kane didn't care of a repeat performance that she could rate and review, but she had been busy rating and reviewing men all over the city. When Kane turned and found her standing there, she threw her arms around his neck and suctioned her lips to his neck before tip-toeing and whispering in his ear that she planned to take him home tonight. Kane, searching for a way to discourage her, laughed and asked if she wouldn't rather have new goods, not used. Bianca laughed, said Kane was the funniest man she'd ever slept with, and than said that if all went according to plan, her winnings tonight would keep her occupied for the next month.

Nicole felt inexplicably jealous as she watched the anorexic version of Jennifer Lopez basically crawl on the man. As she watched, his eyes went from the woman in front of him to her, and then didn't stray. It was almost as if, Nicole thought, that he needs help getting away from that woman. Well, it had never been said that Nicole Tempment had been shy, so she walked her way on over to the man, drawing lascivious glances from rich husbands here with their bored wives and bachelors here to be auctioned off.

Kane saw her approaching, her hips swaying from side to side and the thigh-high slits in her floor length dress gaping when she walked to show miles of long, slim, tanned legs. The next thing he knew, the blonde was plastered to his side and purring in his ear 'Darling, where have you been? I've been looking for you everywhere.' Never one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Kane snuck his arm around her slender waist and said 'I was just trying to come over to you to tell you that I'm up for bid next and that you better bid on me, or else I'll be snapped up by some rich wife, looking for the time of her life.' Okay, so not the most subtle of hints, but he was pretty sure the blonde got the message that he wanted her to bid on him. Bianca, sick of being ignored, had gone on to glue herself to the front of another bachelor up for bid. Kane, finally seeing his chance of striking up a conversation with the knockout blonde, was rudely dragged away by his mother, who was complaining that the announced had called him up to the stage three times already, and what was he doing but flirting with everything in a skirt. Embarrassed, Kane could only send a silent prayer to the Gods that the blonde would bid on him so that he wouldn't have to go home with Bianca the nympho. 

Laughing, Nicole promised herself that the man, she still didn't know his name damnit, would be her present to herself. She sized up her competition, a bag of bones that was literally trying to get into some other poor man's pants. She might not be that rich Nicole thought, but she was ready to mortgage her condo if need be.

Kane climbed the steps to the stage and stood in the middle of a spotlight, calmly standing and waiting for the meat market to begin. The announcer then read a card, most likely submitted by his mother, which pretty much was the fantasy date of every female over the age of 13. Wining and dining, beach, fancy car, new spa resort, and a hot man. The bidding began at $1,000. A flurry of hands went up, two of which were Nicole's and Bianca's. As the bidding grew steadily higher, less and less hands went up, until it was just Nicole and Bianca. The entire time the announcer had been talking and the bidding had been going on, Kane's gaze had never once strayed from Nicole's it seemed as if he was waiting for her to win. The bids flew upwards, until it was at $14,500. Nicole started to hesitate, this was a huge amount of money. But her friends urged her on, and Nicole again stuck up her fan, only to bring it back down when Bianca shouted that she would pay $20,000. Going once, going twice, and gone, Nicole's dream man was sold to Nicole's new mortal enemy.

On stage, Kane was severely disappointed but tried not to show it, covering his emotions with a million dollar smile and with a little bow, went down the stairs to the waiting arms of Bianca. Bianca, wanting her prize now, dragged him from the ballroom filled with whistles and catcalls to her waiting limousine in valet. In the car, she said that she was glad she won him, and that that blonde bitch had no chance against her. Kane, depressed that he was with Bianca and not the blonde, he didn't even know her name damnit, leaned against the seat and closed his eyes. He opened them again when he felt his belt being unbuckled and he saw Bianca on her knees on the car's floor in between his legs. Bianca, with a predatory smile, pressed a button that slid the privacy partition up between them and the driver, leaving Kane and Bianca in total seclusion. Bianca then said that she didn't need all the fancy things Kane had been offering as a date, she just wanted to get to the happy ending. Unbuckling his belt and unbuttoning his pants, Bianca wet her lips with her tongue as Kane, being a guy, felt his cock swell and harden. Kane resigned himself to his date, and thought that he might as well enjoy his time because it would be rude for him to not cooperate, she had bought him.

As Bianca slid Kane's pants down, she reached inside his boxers and grasped his semi-hard dick. Purring with delight over the size, she brought it out of his boxers and slid her hand up and down his shaft. Closing his eyes at the sensation, Kane let out a little moan. Bianca eyelids lowered as she licked up one side of his cock and down the other before putting the head inside her mouth and sucking hard so that half his length slid into her wet mouth. At her ministrations, Kane's cock swelled to full length and grew eager. Not wanting to explode in her mouth, Kane picked her up and pushed her onto the seat behind her, so that now he was the one on his knees before her. Taking one of the straps of her dress in his teeth and the other with his hand, Kane pulled Bianca's dress down so that her plastically perfect breasts were revealed, and then down farther so that her hairless, naked pussy could be seen. He slid the dress all the way down and threw it over his shoulder before lowering his mouth to her nipple and running his hand from her ankle upwards, warming her inner thigh before covering Bianca's already wet pussy. Bianca's hands held Kane's head to her breast as her lower body arched up off the seat to encourage his hand to explore. Never one to disappoint, Kane slid his finger up and down Bianca's wet slit, playing with and circling her clit before dipping down and finding the entrance to her body. Starting to fuck her with his finger, Kane stopped sucking on Bianca's nipple in order to slide down and tongue her pussy while adding another finger to her hole. Writhing and moaning on the seat, Bianca gasped and whispered, 'Please Kane, stick your big fat cock inside me, I'm so wet and I want to fuck you so bad.' The dirty talk caused Kane's penis to turn to steel as he found his wallet and extracted a condom and sheathed himself. Pulling herself to a sitting position, Bianca watched him do this and was panting, hungry for the fulfillment he would provide.

Crawling over to her, Kane kissed Bianca's mouth, their tongues wrestling and sliding over one another. As Kane was kissing Bianca, he positioned his penis at the entrance to Bianca's pussy. He stabbed his tongue into her mouth as he simultaneously thrusted hard into her body, swallowing her cries with his mouth. Bianca, delirious with the pleasure she was experiencing, wrenched her mouth from his as she tried to gulp air in. Kane's hands slid down her back and played with her ass, sliding between their bodies to flick her clit, causing Bianca to shudder and moan. One hand was playing with her ass, using the juices from her pussy to ring the puckered hole before slowly putting a little bit of a finger into her hole. Unable to handle the sensations coursing through her body, Bianca orgasmed strongly, her pussy quivering and convulsing around Kane's hard penis.

Kane, trying to keep his cool, breathed hard and resisted cumming. He waited for Bianca's shuddering to subside before he resumed thrusting into her receptive body. Mercilessly pounding into her, the car was filled with the sounds of slapping bodies and breathy moans. Holding her in place with her arms over her head, Kane relentlessly thrust against her body again and again. Feeling the tightening in his balls, Kane thrust harder and harder, almost hurting Bianca before erupting inside her as she orgasmed another time.

Laying side by side on the limousine's floor, Kane noticed that they were no longer moving and that the driver had discreetly left. Laughing and gloriously naked, he stepped from the car and saw that they had reached Bianca's address. He reached back into the car and grabbed Bianca from the car, his penis already hard again.

Pulling her out of the car, she had no time to cover herself up and embarrassed, squealed and tried to hide herself. Having none of this, Kane grabbed her hand and leaned her up against the side of the car. Spreading her legs by pushing them apart with his knee, Kane asked her if she was on the Pill. Upon receiving an affirmative answer, Kane swiftly stepped closer to her and thrust into her yet again. Taken by surprise, Bianca almost instantaneously orgasmed, and then orgasmed again as Kane thrust into her again and again.

Spent, Bianca slumped over before she noticed that Kane had not cum that second time. When she asked him about it, he grinned and told her not to worry, he would get his rocks off soon enough. He picked her up and asked her where the closest bedroom was. Laughing, she directed him to the master bedroom, where Kane got in record time. Tossing her facedown on the bed, Kane pounced on top of her, telling her not to move, that he had a surprise for her. Always willing, she complied and felt Kane's hands running across her back and her ass, before dipping into her pussy. For some reason, Bianca felt a second wind coming on and was no longer tired, she was horny again, Kane must be the world's best aphrodisiac, she thought. Gently finger fucking her, Kane's hand grew sopping wet. When it became so, he pulled it out of her pussy and tried to insert it into her asshole. Bianca, not comfortable with this invasion, tensed and Kane couldn't get his finger in. Telling her to relax, that he would enjoy this as much as she would, Kane coaxed Bianca into relaxing as he gently by insistently pushed his finger into her ass. Once all the way in, Bianca felt the pleasure begin to pound into her as Kane started to wiggle his finger.

Withdrawing his finger, Kane smiled to himself as he thought that his would be the first cock up Bianca's ass. Inserting his cock into her pussy to get the natural lubricant, Kane began to slowly thrust. Bianca, glad that the somewhat pleasant but still awkward invasion of her ass was over, began to get into fucking Kane. Before she was even close to cumming, Kane pulled out. Not pleased at the loss of his filling cock, Bianca started to turn around to ask him why but was pushed facedown back into the bed. Kane held both her wrists with one hand above her head as he positioned his penis against her second hole. Panicked, Bianca tried to tell him to not do that, but her voice just came out as a muffled grunt, courtesy of the blanket in her face.

Pushing hard, sweat popped out on Kane's forehead as he pushed his penis past the tight ring of Bianca's ass, and with a slight, sudden hard push, his entire head slipped in. Bianca was moaning unintelligibly while Kane forcefully pushed his entire length into Bianca's virgin ass. Bianca, confused with the simultaneous pain and pleasure caused by Kane's invasion started to moan. Taking this as encouragement, Kane began to speed up his thrusts and soon, Bianca was moaning in pleasure. She had never felt like this before she thought. Her hand, almost of it's own accord slid down to her pussy as she began to touch herself and furiously rub her clit. Bianca's mind was being blown as she felt Kane's throbbing penis almost impossibly big, inside her bowels. She felt the convulsions begin in her body and orgasmed the hardest she had in her entire adult life. Kane, triggered by the screams of Bianca, erupted inside Bianca, who felt his seed coat her insides.

Breathing hard, the couple lay exhausted, unmoving, Kane's cock still inside Bianca's ass as they fell asleep. Right before falling asleep, Bianca smiled and mused that this had been the most worthwhile 20 grand she had ever spent.