 Svenn and Audrey continued to hit it off after their first day of law school. They sat together in each of their classes, and typically did things together around school. They met a lot of other people in their section, too, but it was natural for them to spend time together -- they had a lot in common, and unlike most of the other students, they were both married. It wasn't long before this spilled over into their lives outside of school. Svenn and Audrey, along with their spouses, began going out with each other occasionally. Svenn was happy about this. He was finding Audrey to be a good friend, and this helped him get to know more about her, and helped their friendship grow. But it also took pressure off of Svenn. As time went on, his attraction to Audrey was only growing. He was fantasizing about her all the time. But because they were including their spouses, Svenn was reassuring himself that the attention that he paid towards Audrey at school was founded upon more than his sex drive. 

The way their classes were spread out, most of the students spent their entire day on campus. In between classes they would work on homework for the next class, to avoid having to take any home. Most students did this in the library. The library was filled with carrels, which were in turn almost always filled with students at any given time. None of the carrels were assigned to anybody, but the upper year students typically claimed the ones on the main floors of the library, where there was more open space, sitting room, and windows. This left first year students with carrels hidden in the stacks. This was good, in a way, in that it was typically quieter for studying. The carrels were arranged in pairs, equivalent to two desks facing each other, with a wall between them, and a side wall giving extra privacy from passers-by. This meant that a student sitting at an adjacent set of carrels would have his back to a student sitting in the first, and vice versa, with no wall in between them. 

When Svenn and Audrey chose carrels in the library, they made sure to choose adjacent desks where their backs were to each other, rather than having a wall between them. This made it easy for them to turn around and talk to each other. 

The school year went on, and before long, it was October. It seemed as though the semester was flying by. One of the classes that Svenn and Audrey were in was a Legal Research & Writing class. The final version of their first big paper was due soon. It was stressing everybody out. 

There was too much to do for other classes for most students to spend a lot of time working on their paper before it was due. It was no different for Svenn and Audrey. As a result they, like a lot of other students, stayed in the library later than usual to work on it. 

As the deadline approached, the stress was getting to both of them. 

As they both sat working, Audrey interrupted, "God, I hate this paper. I just want it to be over with so I can go home." 

Trying to lighten her up and flirting with her as usual, Svenn responded, "You'd rather go home than be here with me??" 

Audrey abruptly responded, "Yes. I get backrubs at home. And it's a little more comfortable there." 

"That's a shame. I was actually done with MY paper, but I was pretending to still be working on it so that I could stay with you." 

"Shut up," she said. 

Svenn turned towards Audrey and continued, with laughter in his words, "Alright, you've done it now. If you had played your cards right you could have had a backrub, but I think you've missed your chance now." 

Audrey turned around, smiling, and gazed into Svenn's eyes flirtatiously. She said, sweeter, "As if you can resist my charm..." Audrey pushed herself in her chair towards Svenn, with her back to him, making it obvious that she was positioning her shoulders for his attention. 

Svenn simply smiled and, without much hesitation, began gently massaging Audrey's shoulders. Each of his hands worked each of her shoulders simultaneously. His hands slowly worked their way across them, so that his thumbs left her shirt and rested on the bare skin at the base of her neck. He applied pressure with his thumbs and moved them in circles, carefully massaging her. Audrey slowly rotated her head and neck with Svenn's hands, getting lost in the relaxing feeling of his hands touching and rubbing her. She laid her head back, and he cradled it with his hands. He softly ran his fingers through her hair, as if to continue the massage. They gazed into each other's eyes and each became lost in the moment. Helpless, Svenn's lips began slowly falling towards Audrey's. Intoxicated by her perfume, his head became too heavy to hold back, and his lips embraced hers. The moment her soft lips touched his, electricity ran down his spine. Audrey softly kissed back, and placed her hand on Svenn's shoulder. 

For a moment, Svenn was in heaven. It was only a soft, simple kiss. Their lips were partially open, and each pair briefly embraced and gently tugged at their counterpart. It was certainly not the passionate, unbridled kiss that Svenn had always imagined. He had always fantasized that he and Audrey would be overcome with lust, and, unable to hold it back any longer, would launch into a passionate, purely sexual embrace with nothing held back. But Svenn liked this kiss better. It was unplanned. It was delicate. It was a real kiss. The taste, touch, and smell of Audrey overwhelmed Svenn's senses. 

But as instantly as it sprung upon them, the moment ended. As if they each realized what they were doing, and why they shouldn't be doing it, simultaneously. They each pulled back slowly, and paused to look at each other. Audrey blushed, with a shy smile on her face. Svenn pursed his lips, and looked slightly embarrassed. Without a word, Audrey moved her chair back to her desk, and Svenn turned back around to face his. They sat in silence for a little while, although it was obvious that neither was getting any work done. 

Svenn felt guilty. But he was also worried that he went too far, and that thanks to him, nothing would be the same between he and Audrey anymore. He was worried that he had sabotaged their friendship. Svenn placed his elbows on his desk, and his head in his hands. After a few moments, he heard Audrey packing her things to leave. He heard the noises of her backpack zipping up. He heard her chair being pushed under the desk. He heard the click of the light being turned off. 

But Svenn didn't hear Audrey walk away. Instead, he felt her warm hand slide across the back of his neck, and under his shirt to his bare shoulder. As she stood beside him, and massaged the shoulder, she spoke. 

"Don't stay here too late, okay? The paper can wait until tomorrow." 

Svenn looked up at Audrey and smiled. "If you wait a minute I'll walk out with you." 

"Alright," she said. 

Svenn packed up his things and they walked out to the parking lot. They didn't say very much on the way. But when they reached their cars, Audrey turned to Svenn and hugged him. 

She whispered in his ear, "This will be our little secret, okay?" 

He looked into her eyes, and smiled as he nodded. Before Audrey turned to get in her car, she reached up and placed her index finger on Svenn's lips as she smiled and looked into his eyes. 

Svenn was right. Nothing would be the same between he and Audrey anymore. But not in the sense that he was worried about. 

-------------------- 

A few days went by, and everything seemed fine between Svenn and Audrey. This was a relief to Svenn. They still acted the same towards each other around school, and went on as though nothing had happened. 

One afternoon, they were sitting in the library studying, as usual. One of their classmates came up and spoke to them. 

"Hey guys, are you going to that Halloween thing?" 

"What Halloween thing," asked Svenn. 

"It's something the SBA is putting on for the law school. It's going to be at the Marriott downtown. It's a costume party." 

"It doesn't really sound like my kind of thing," Svenn said. 

"What about you?" the student asked Audrey. 

"Hmm I don't know. I'll think about it," she said. 

Later, after the student left, Audrey turned to Svenn. 

"Hey, why don't you want to go to the Halloween party?" 

"I don't know. I don't have a costume. Plus, my wife is going to be out of town that weekend." 

"So what. You can go with me, and we can find costumes together," she said. 

"What about your husband?" 

"It's a law school thing, he won't want to go anyway." 

"I dunno..." 

She looked into his eyes, and with a cute smile pleaded, "Pleeease?" 

"Alright, alright. What kind of costumes can we wear?" 

"I don't know," she said, "we can go look at them tomorrow." 

---- 

The next day, Svenn and Audrey went to a costume shop. They each looked around at costumes, but had a hard time coming up with anything either one of them liked. This dilemma became obvious to the older woman working at the store, who apparently felt it her duty to start randomly suggesting things. 

As Svenn and Audrey looked through the costumes, the lady interrupted, "A pretty couple like you two should wear something for couples. Like Marc Antony and Cleopatra." 

Audrey smiled and began to respond, "Oh, well we're n--" 

"Could you show us where they are?" interrupted Svenn. He smiled and gently poked Audrey in the side, indicating that he thought it was funny. Audrey looked at him and rolled her eyes. 

The costumes were pretty basic. The Marc Antony one was a white tunic with gold trim and a belt, a red cape, and a gold crown of olive leaves. The Cleopatra one was similar, except that it was longer than a tunic, covering down to the ankles. There was more gold along the shoulders, and it came with a black wig and gold crown. The clerk left Svenn and Audrey alone to look them over. 

"Eh I dunno," said Svenn. 

"Oh come on. I think you'll look good in a skirt," Audrey replied. 

"It's NOT a skirt." 

"Fine, you won't have any problem wearing it then," Audrey smiled. 

They bought the costumes, and left the store. The weekend of the party approached fast. Their papers were finally turned in, and the students were ready to have some fun. Svenn and Audrey met each other at the hotel, each already dressed. 

Svenn parked next to Audrey, who was waiting in her car. They got out together, and when she saw him, she yelled "nice legs!" 

"Very funny." 

"Let's go in," she said. "Now remember. I'M the queen. So I get to call the shots tonight." 

"Yes ma'am." 

"I think it's 'yes, your highness,' dear," she said with a giggle. He looked at her and rolled his eyes. 

They entered the hotel together, and found the ballroom. It was crowded. There was a DJ, and it was dimly lit. It seemed as though most of the law school was there. But, that meant that since they really only knew the people in their own section, they had no clue who most of the people there were. They recognized faces they had seen in the halls, but that they didn't know by name. 

Svenn escorted Audrey to the bar, and they each got a drink. They waded through the crowd looking for people from their section, but only found a few. Most of the people there seemed to be second and third year students. Svenn sort of enjoyed it, because it gave him and Audrey more time to just talk to each other, and nobody else. Plus, everybody there assumed that they were actually a couple, which friends from their section would know better than to think. Svenn proudly walked around with Audrey on his arm. 

They had a few more drinks as they talked. Audrey was getting bored, though. Finally, she spoke up, "Aren't you going to ask me to dance?" 

"I thought YOU were calling the shots tonight. I was waiting for you to ask." 

She rolled her eyes and took him by the hand, taking him to the dance floor. At first they were reserved. But the more they danced, the closer they got. It wasn't long before their bodies were against each other. They rubbed against each other in time with the music. Svenn's hands embraced Audrey's hips, or the small of her back, and her arms stayed parked over his shoulders. They peered into each other's eyes. Svenn was excited holding onto Audrey, and easily lost himself in her embrace. He could feel the electricity growing between them, and it was becoming harder to hold himself back. 

When their midsections were pressed against each other, Audrey could tell that Svenn was aroused. But neither one of them pulled away. Instead, Audrey seemed to press harder against Svenn, and purposefully rub against him more. Coupled with the drinks they had, and the attraction between them, their inhibitions were falling away. A slower song began playing, and Audrey's head came to rest on Svenn's chest. She looked up. Svenn felt her warm breath on his neck. He closed his eyes and savored it. With his hand at the small of her back, he held her close. She pressed against his hardness, and swayed with him. Audrey placed her hand at the back of Svenn's head, and pulled his lips towards hers. 

Their second kiss started like their first. But it grew quickly into something more. Their mouths opened further, and their tongues played with each other. Their eyes were closed, and they were lost in passion. They kissed until the song ended. Some people had noticed their long embrace, but the couple didn't care about them. To a large part, they each felt anonymous in the crowd, which fueled their daringness with each other. As for the few people they did know there, it only seemed to add to the excitement for Svenn. The risk of somebody they knew catching them only aroused Svenn further. 

When the song was over, Svenn took Audrey by the hand and led her to the table they were sitting at before. They sat down, but soon had as much trouble keeping their hands off each other as they had on the dance floor. Sitting close, Audrey rested her head on Svenn's chest, and Svenn placed an arm around her. Nobody seemed to be paying any attention to them. As they sat there, Audrey's hand found it's way to Svenn's leg. It was easy for her to run her hand up the short tunic of his costume. She quickly found what she was looking for, and began stroking him through his boxers. Svenn could feel her giggle against his chest. 

"This is hardly fair," he said, " all I can reach is your back." 

She looked up at him. "Oh, so you want me to stop?" she asked, as her hand began running up his leg under his boxers. 

"I didn't say that...," he responded, as he leaned in to kiss her lips again. 

Audrey began stroking Svenn, and what little inhibition he had left melted away. Through his kiss, he moaned, and Audrey giggled. Audrey was feeling a rush -- she knew that if they kept this up, they would be caught -- but it only seemed to excite and energize her. She happily kissed Svenn back, as each felt months of sexual tension being released. 

Svenn's lips found Audrey's ear, and he whispered, "I want you Audrey...let's find somewhere else." 

Audrey continued to stroke, and taunted him, "I don't know if I'm interested tonight...maybe we should give it more time." 

"We've already waited longer than we should have," Svenn said as he pulled her arm away. Svenn stood up, and put his hand out for Audrey, to help her up. As she stood, he surprised her, by lifting her and carrying her, with one arm behind her shoulders, and one arm under her knees. 

Audrey began laughing, and put her arms around Svenn's neck as he began walking across the ballroom. "This is just typical," she said, "you're too nervous to ask me to dance, but when it comes to sex, you're all gung-ho." 

"You don't look like you mind." 

Svenn took Audrey through the doors of the ballroom. To the side, in the hallway, there was a door leading to a coatroom. 

"Let's see if this will work," Svenn said, and Audrey reached down to turn the doorknob. They went in, and closed the door behind them. 

The coatroom was really just a large, narrow closet, about fifteen feet deep. On each side, recessed into the walls, were racks with hangers. On each wall there were three racks, with partitions between each rack. It was still relatively warm for October, so only the first rack on each wall had any jackets. Svenn set Audrey down towards the back of the closet, behind one of the partitions. He then walked back towards the door to find the light switch. He turned around, and saw that Audrey was completely hidden behind the partition. Svenn turned off the light, and began feeling his way in the dark back to Audrey. 

There was enough light coming under the door from the hallway for Audrey to be able to tell where Svenn was, and she reached out for him. When their hands met, she pulled him towards her. His arms moved to embrace her, and he felt the bare skin of her stomach and lower back. To his surprise, she had already removed her costume, and was waiting for him in her bra and panties. Svenn removed his own tunic, and their bodies pressed against each other as they kissed. 

The electricity between them doubled. Each felt exhilarated to feel the touch, for the first time, of somebody already so familiar. As they kissed for a few moments, their eyes adjusted to the darkness. When each opened their eyes, they could see the curves of the other. The dim light seemed to make their skin softer, and more sensual. They ran their fingers over each other -- exploring, caressing, clutching and grabbing, as their hips pressed against each other. 

Svenn's lips moved down Audrey's neck, and he softly kissed her shoulders, while his hands reached behind her to unhook her bra. He then glided the straps off of her shoulders, and let it fall to the ground. When he saw her smooth, full breasts in the dim, he was drawn to them. His arms reached around the small of her back, and pulled her into him, as he leaned down and began softly kissing one of her nipples. Audrey's breathing became heavier when she felt his warm lips engulf her nipple. His tongue playfully circled it, and he softly sucked and kissed. As he did so, his hands moved down her back, and his fingers began running along the lines of her lacey panties. His index fingers traced the edge of her panties, where it met her skin, along her thigh to her ass. 

As he continued on the line, Audrey placed one of her hands on Svenn's head, as the other caressed his shoulder. As Svenn's lips began caressing Audrey's other nipple, his finger glided along, and it felt the growing warmth, and then the moistness, of Audrey's pussy. With his middle finger, Svenn reached behind Audrey's panties, and touched her bare skin. He softly rubbed her lips, tracing around them, before using both hands to pull her panties down her legs, and off of her body. 

Each of them heard the music and the voices of the party continuing outside, but they blocked it out. Audrey moaned, and gently bit her bottom lip, as Svenn wet his finger on her pussy, and then penetrated her. It only lasted for a moment, though, before Svenn moved his lips from her breasts, back to her mouth, and his hands back to the small of her back and her ass. They kissed passionately -- hungrily. Audrey reached down and slid Svenn's boxers off of him. She grabbed and caressed his bare ass. They continued to kiss, and they only paused to smile at each other, or to glance over the other's much-fantasized-about body. 

After another moment, however, Svenn pulled his lips away. He looked at her and smiled, and said, "you're just going to have to trust me on this move." Intrigued, she only giggled a little. 

Svenn knelt down in front of Audrey. With her back against the wall, Svenn spread Audrey's legs. As his hands caressed her thighs and ass, his tongue began running circles around her pussy. He softly licked her lips, and occasionally placed his tongue on her clit, softly applying pressure. He paused, and looked up at her. 
