 Audry first became aware of the sensation of warmth of the new day, then the light of the advancing sun. She remained motionless for a few minutes, letting the sense impressions gradually stir her sleepy mind, and then she stretched her body under the single sheet that covered it. The cotton fabric grazed her nipples, awakening another sort of sensation, and her fingers travelled up to enhance it. Then she stopped herself. Normally, she would have fanned the early flames of arousal, greeting the new day with a long and delicious masturbation session. But, her mind was engaged now, and she knew that this day would be a departure from the norm.

Audry had a big day ahead of her at work. She was travelling to Milwaukee to make a presentation at a conference, and she was a bit nervous. She had to make a good impression, and when she was under pressure, she relied on a trick that she had devised over the years; she would fantasize, and keep herself aroused, until the task was accomplished, and then would come the reward. Somehow this tactic always served to steady her nerves.

She was nervous for another reason as well. Her old college roomate, Pat, was her immediate superior at the firm. She hadn't seen Pat in some years, although they had corresponded. Pat was responsible for getting her this job, and Pat was originally planning to attend the conference. However, a family emergency had called Pat out of town, and Pat's husband would be standing in for her.

Audry and Pat had developed an unusual kind of intimacy in college. It wasn't exactly a lesbian affair, because they were both very heterosexual. But it was a sexual relationship of sorts. It began when they discussed their dating exploits. They demanded of one another intimate details of each encounter with the campus men, and it sort of escalated into a ritual, where whenever one of them returned to the dorm room from a date, they would get high, then retire to their respective beds, and the girl who had gotten lucky that night would tell the story of that evening's sexual exploits, as they both masturbated. They both began to look forward to these sessions, and would each try to outdo the other in seeking more and more outrageous and erotic encounters; and it seemed that the excitement of telling the story was as great or greater than the exploit itself.

After a year or so of sharing a dorm room, the relationship developed further. They agreed to share their boyfriends, without the boyfriends being aware of the arrangement. As soon as one of the girls developed a steady relationship with a man, the other had permission to seduce him. They discovered the old adage that forbidden fruit tastes sweeter; the boyfriend, under the impression that he was cheating with his girlfriend's roommate, would often be guilty and reluctant, which seemed to sharpen the sexual excitement when finally succumbing to temptation. The girls, of course, knew that there was no risk of hurt feelings, but they let the boys continue under the impression that the risk of discovery was great. They made sinners out of their boyfriends, and savored it. And afterwards, they talked about it and touched themselves, and thrilled to one another's arousal, separated by a few feet of dorm room.

Pat was erudite and witty, and talked her quarries into bed. Audry relied on a more basic technique, showing lots of cleavage and a big smile. She let the boys do the work, and she had a fabulous body that motivated them: long, shiny black hair, big provocative breasts, long legs and a well-rounded derrierre. 

Sometimes her hot allure made the boys self-conscious; they couldn't stop looking at her, and they felt guilty about it. She always found this particularly exciting, because she knew it would increase the sexual tension. She began to experiment with exhibitionism, to drive these types over the edge. She would lure them to the room on the pretext of a meeting with Pat -- often Pat would serve as her accomplice -- and then Pat would be somehow delayed, and they would be trapped there with Audry in various types of provocative dress or undress. 

There was a guy named Larry, very good looking, very shy. He would blush when Audry met his eyes, because his eyes had been all over her. She acted nonchalant, and when she had him alone in the dorm room, she began tidying up the place. Tidying up meant bending over to pick up garments on the floor, and bending over meant putting on a show, because she wore a short skirt with no panties. Pat had called to say that she would regrettably be held up for at least an hour. Larry's gaze was rivetted to Audry's behind, and rewarded with frequent glimpses of her increasingly aroused pussy -- although Audry continued to make small talk as she puttered around, and would turn to smile innocently at Larry from time to time. Larry was turning a sort of scarlet. Audry continued to chat amiably while giving him ever-more revealing views, until she actually reached up, as if absent-mindedly, to stroke her clit as she tidied around the bed. 

At that moment, a deep groan escaped Larry's lips, as he bolted across the room, dropping his pants as he came, and seizing her by the hips, he entered her at once from behind. She was more than ready for him, and the game she had played with him made the act all the more exciting. And what gave her particular satisfaction was the frenzied sounds that Pat made later as she lay in her bed, listening to Audry's description of the deed. As was often the case, Pat and Audry climaxed together as Audry told her tale.

Another boy, Richard, was clearly aware that Audry wished to seduce him, and was determined to resist. He was attracted to her -- who wasn't? -- but was stubbornly committed to what he believed to be monogamy with Pat. Audry knew, however, that it was just a matter of time. And the time came when Pat told him to wait for her in the dorm room, only to call with a tender apology, asking him to stay for an hour until she could make it home. Audry had the candles lit and the lights off, and after 10 minutes of awkward silence, she just let her robe fall open, and began to tease her pussy with both hands. Richard was so shocked that he couldn't speak, but he continued to look, and then he was under her spell, crawling across the room on his hands and knees, and licking her fingers until she finally seized his ears and brought his mouth to her cunt. After he made her cum twice, she pushed him back on the floor and straddled his face, and she stayed there until she had cum three more times. Then she helped him take off his clothes. This story was one of Pat's favorites -- she demanded to hear it again and again.

Pat, of course, returned the favors, seducing Audry's lovers and then regaling her with descriptions long into the night, as they both stroked themselves to ecstacy. They kept this up all through college. After graduation, they parted, but kept in touch by email, and occasionally they would have phone sessions after a hot date. But in time this all tapered off, and Pat got married. Audry couldn't come to the wedding, and Pat's new relationship had kept her busy. None the less, Pat had gotten Audry a good position in the firm's Madison office,

So, this afternoon, Audry would meet Pat's husband Scott for the first time, and without Pat being present. Audry realized that after a few minutes of reminiscing about her college days, she was highly aroused. Slowly and deliberately, Audry slid one hand between her legs, penetrating her pussy with two fingers while coaxing delicious sensations from her clit, using her thumb. But again, she stopped herself. This was a complicated situation. Did Pat expect her to seduce Scott? She knew that Scott must be a hunk -- Pat wouldn't settle for less. But they had never discussed how their "arrangement" would apply if one of them were married. Plus. it had been five years. Maybe Pat didn't think that way anymore. Pat had put her in something of a predicament. She had to know how excited Audry would be under these circumstances -- didn't she have an obligation to provide Pat with some ground rules? Audry groaned as two fingers rubbed a sensual circle around her clit. But she had to stop, because it was time to get dressed and drive to Milwaukee, where she would be making a presentation the could determine the course of her career. 

Ten minutes later, Audry was on Interstate 94, headed for Milwaukee. She had butterflies in her stomach over both the presentation she was to make, and how she ought to handle the delicate matter of Pat's husband. She was becoming more and more convinced that Pat had set her up, that there was some kind of practical joke or other agenda involved. Pat had left a message on Audry's voice mail, indicating that Scott would be there, and Pat would not; there was no opportunity for Audry to ask questions or look for cues. Pat was incommunicado. Audry would have to play it by ear.

Audry, aware that she was fretting a bit, decided to calm herself in the usual way, by thinking about sex. She recalled the night that she seduced Larry. Half an hour after Larry had gone home, Pat burst into the dorm room, flushed with excitement.

"Did you have your way with Larry?" she asked.

"Oh, yes I did," Audry replied. "Why don't you slip into something more comfortable, while I roll a joint."

This was a familiar ritual that they both relished. Soon they were both in their underwear, seated on their respective beds and passing a joint back and forth by candlelight. The taste and aroma of the weed reminded them both of sex, and soon they were good and high, and in the early stages of arousal.

"All right," said Pat, "what did you do?"

"Well," Audry replied, "when you called and said you would be late, I told him just to relax while I cleaned up the room. And I had on my flimsy little skirt -- you know the one -- with no panties, and I started picking things up off the floor. Starting to get the picture?"

Pat giggled lasciviously. "What did he look like when he saw your stuff?"

Audry said, "I didn't let him see much at first. I gave him some quick flashes and kept talking to him. He was obviously checking me out, because he was getting all tongue-tied and red in the face. I kept smiling at him like nothing was going on. But I was getting pretty hot."

"MMmmm," said Pat, stretching out on the bed.

"In fact, I was getting very wet."

"MMMMMmmmm."

"I decided to let him see a bit more. I bent over to search for some non-existent stuff along the floor. And I quit talking, to make sure he wouldn't be distracted. I wanted him to see how wet I was. I could hear him swallowing." Audry looked up to see what Pat was doing with her hands. She had taken off her bra, and they were on her nipples. Audry said, "Let's get naked." 

"Yesss... keep talking," Pat replied, wiggling out of her panties.

"Well, look at this -- I'm all wet again," said Audry, as her panties came off as well. Audry's hands began to roam about her breasts and pussy as she continued:

"I had my back to him, so I couldn't see his face, but I knew it was all contorted, you know, the way he gets when he feels guilty about looking at me, and I was pretty excited about the whole thing. So I just thought I'd touch myself to see how wet I was -- just like I'm doing right now."

There was a sharp intake of breath from Pat. Audry could see her massaging her clit.

"Then Larry made this sound, sort of like he was in pain, and I could hear him get up and kind of run over toward me, and I could hear his zipper coming down. I didn't turn around... I was really into it, I was rubbing my pussy, just enjoying the whole thing."

"Did it feel nice?" gasped Pat.

"Oh, yes. My pussy feels really nice right now. How about yours?"

"Oh, yeah," Pat replied, her voice low and guttural. "So what did Larry do then?"

"He grabbed me from behind and just slid his cock right in."

Pat moaned. "He's big, isn't he?"

"Lord, yes, he's big. You really know how to pick 'em, Pat. And I love it from behind like that -- it goes in so deep."

"God, I know," said Pat. She was starting to thrash around as she rubbed her pussy, and Audry knew she was about to cum.

"It didn't last too long, but I came twice before Larry did." 

Pat came just then.

"Then he tried to apologize. I told him to shut up because... I wanted... to suck his cock.. UHHN!" Audry was cumming now, too.

"Did he let you?" asked Pat, gasping.

"No. But next time he will."

(to be continued)