 Dear reader: if you are looking for what used to be known as the "good parts," you have found them. If you want to read the dramatic build-up and character development first, please visit Audry, the seductress pt. 1.

A festive array of little lights danced across the plate on the hotel room door, in recognition of the key card. Then Audry twisted the handle, and she and Scott were admitted silently into the room.

The room was perfect -- clean, modern, and totally anonymous. A fantasy land for an adulterous liason. Outside, the thunderstorm was in progress, casting a softened light into the room as the rain beat upon the windows. No need to close the curtains, Audry thought to herself.

As Scott closed the door behind them, Audry turned to face him. She had been thinking about how she wanted to do this, as she and Scott had walked through the corridors to her room. No embrace. Not yet. Build up the tension. She stared into his eyes from a few yards away, smiled, and pushed down the top of her dress, watching him react to the sight of her large and delectable breasts. She hefted them in her hands, letting him see how subtantial they were, watching him swallow. Her fingers glided to her dark nipples, pinching, coaxing them to greater stiffness. She sighed in pleasure,letting him hear it.

He'll do whatever I want. "Show me your cock, Scott," she said, letting her voice rasp with arousal.

Scott obeyed. He dropped his pants to the floor and pulled down his briefs. His cock strained upward toward the ceiling, twitching slightly with each heartbeat.

It looks so good. I can't wait to suck it. Wait, yes I can. It will be even better if I wait. "Touch yourself for me, Scott."

Scott could see where this was going. She wanted him to put on a show for her, too. All right, I'll give you a good look at what you're going to get. Scott seized the base of his cock in one fist, turning slightly so that she could see how much of it protruded from his hand. Then he began to stroke it.

This is perfect, thought Audry. She stared in fascination as Scott stroked himself, and unconsciously, her fingers intensified their twisting of her nipples. She saw Scott's eyes lock on to those nipples. You like it? She felt the pussy juice dribble down her thighs. Maybe he would like that, too.

Now that her tits were free, there wasn't much to keep her dress from falling to the ground. So she gave a little shake of her hips, and down it went. Carefully she stepped out of it, making sure not to catch her heels, and watched his face.

Audry was stunning. She was in good shape, but not skinny. Her breasts and hips were ample. She had let her pubic hair grow wild, and it travelled slightly down her thighs, framing her plump, rosy cunt. She had on high heels, a simple silver necklace and a matching anklet, tastefully slutty. Scott's mouth fell open, and Audry took note of this. But her eyes were drawn once again to his hand as it moved up and down the length of his cock.

Audry squeezed her thighs together, enjoying the slippery feeling, and clenched her cunt muscles. She couldn't keep them waiting any longer. In went two fingers. She groaned in pleasure as they stretched her just a little, and allowed her thumb to travel in the neighborhood of her clit. Audry was fully aroused.

She stepped close to Scott, holding her wet fingers under his nose. I bet you'd like to taste them. Scott groaned out loud, a look like desperation in his eyes. His hand moved faster on his cock. He wanted to fall to his knees and worship her pussy, but he felt compelled to play along, to let her set the pace.

Audry smiled in approval and offered her fingers to his mouth. He sucked them furiously, as she used her other hand to unbutton his shirt. Scott's hand was picking up steam as it pumped his cock. Maybe he'll squirt his cum all over me. The options were endless. Scott had to relinquish his grip on his cock for a moment, so that Audry could take off his shirt, and then she needed her other hand to finish the job.

Let's get you naked, Scott. Audry dropped to her knees and helped Scott out of his pants, his shoes and his socks. And she found her face very, very close to his big, delicious-looking cock. I want to suck it. No, not yet. Audry pushed her breasts against him, rubbing them on his cock and balls. She heard him catch his breath.

Audry seized her breasts with both hands and captured Scott's cock with them. She felt his cock stiffen and his hips began to move. Yes, fuck them. She said it aloud, her voice musical with arousal: "Yes, fuck them."

Maybe Scott will spurt on my face, Audry thought. But suddenly she wanted to be on the bed. She rose and led Scott over to it. She pushed him down on his back, straddled him, and showed him her tits one more time, twisting her big, taut nipples. Then she leaned down and kissed him for the first time, reminding him how hot she was, opening her mouth wide and letting her tongue entwine with his. Then she reached back and seized his cock. 

Audry felt Scott's body go tense. Is he going to cum? I want him to cum. They both groaned. Then Audry leaned forward and spoke into his ear, her voice low and husky and overcome with arousal: "Let's make each other cum."

Audry swung around and let her pussy hover about Scott's face, as she contemplated his cock, and how much she wanted to suck it. Scott's pulse raced as he studied the dark, rose-colored folds of Audry's cunt, inhaled her fragrance, saw the juice welling inside her. Then he seized her ass and pulled her close, opening his mouth as wide as he could, exploring her velvety textures with his tongue, forgetting for an instant that she was about to suck his cock.

Then a wave of pleasure hit him as Audry began to devour his tool. In one motion, not too fast, not too slow, she took him all the way in. She smelled the yeasty aroma of his balls as she loved the way she had to strain to take all of him in her throat. She ground her cunt against his face, then lifted her hips up a little to tease him, hearing his cries of need until she once again pushed her pussy full against his mouth. Then again, slowly up and down, I'm fucking your mouth, Scott. Then Scott's hips were in motion, too. Cum in my mouth. I'm thirsty. I want to drink it all. But Audry came first.

Scott was thrilled to the point of delirium as the first wave of Audry's juices crashed against his face, and immediately he felt the pressure of his impending climax. She wants me to come in her mouth. She wants it. She--

Audry was getting what she wanted so badly, and it triggered what seemed to be a chain reaction of orgasms for her. She heard Scott's muffled cries of combined satisfaction, and renewed excitement, as Audry's climax after climax flooded his mouth and brought him back to a state of full arousal. Audry began again to suck his cock in earnest.

Then Audry had another idea. "Sit up," she commanded. She straddled his lap, but kept her pussy just out of reach of his cock, as she offered her breasts to him. She saw his eyes widen again at the sight of them. She gave her nipples to his mouth, first one, then the other, and trembled at the sensations as he sucked them. His eyes were closed as he reveled in the taste and texture of her big, rough nipple. Then she gasped to him, "Look!" as she took the other nipple into her own mouth. Let's both suck on my tits. I'm putting on a show for you, Scott.

Audry was more aroused than she could have imagined. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm going to have you inside me. With a great effort, as she thrilled to the sensations in her nipples, she manouvered her hips downward to meet Scott's cock, and it slid slowly, hugely inside her.

Audry wrapped her legs around Scott and pulled him close, feeling his cock go all the way, all the way inside her. They fucked slowly and powerfully, until Audry moaned, "Suck my nipple some more," pushing it into Scott's mouth, and her orgasms began again. Feeling her juices well up, she pushed Scott to his back, straddling his face, letting him drink her. The feel, the taste, the smell of her caused him to cry out in renewed excitement, even though she was practically smothering him. She knew what it meant. She turned abruptly around, and, continuing to grind her cunt against Scott's mouth, took his cock into her mouth to swallow spurt after spurt of his orgasm.

A few seconds went by, as they both basked in the joy of complete satisfaction. Then, there came a knock at the door.

To be continued.