 August had been its usual hot self. For those working outside, the hottest of months can take its toll. A particular long, trying day was almost over for me when I took a break for water. My phone showed a page saying to call her when I got home. Quitting time then seemed closer with devious thoughts filling my mind. 

By five o'clock that evening, I'd come home to an empty house. A cool shower created a new man. Standing at the window, peeking to the house across the street, I'd called her with butterflies in my gut. "I'm going out. Do you want to see me?" Wanting her was more than she could know as it had been two weeks since we'd last touched. 

That night we were going to try something new that would later become a habit. It was a clandestine mission for each of us to meet at a busy shopping center and then return to my house in one car. The garage would go up, the car slides underneath, and the neighbors or other parents are none the wiser. Those five miles each way were like the trip to the airport when a lover is returning. Anticipation sloshed with my horny eagerness as I idled past the rows of cars- my eyes scanning for this girl who'd bubble over with smiles when she saw me.

We'd had to do the 'pick-up' this way because our time together remained hidden from her parents, who were not only my neighbors, but close friends. In addition to already being considerably older than her, she'd turned eighteen only weeks prior. For some time we'd talked about sneaking her into my house for an entire night of debauchery. Driving home I was savoring the moment as I knew soon was to be that night.

That single car garage door had clear glass panes that were easy to see through even from across the street. I'd rolled in with the door closing just behind the rear bumper. Lori crouched in the seat until after the garage flood light had gone out. Just in case any neighbors wanted to stop by to borrow a cup of sugar, we wouldn't want to be caught like this even completely clothed. One last trip around the house ensured the blinds were drawn and doors locked.

From the kitchen I said to her, "I'd offer you a beer if you were of legal drinking age."

That's Ok, she says, "...I can't be smelling like beer if I have to get back home. If Dad calls my cell..." We didn't spend much time on that hushed prospect. If he called she was at a friend's house. That moment was ours with my excitement evident by the fullness of my erection when I stared at those perfect breasts stretching at her pink T-shirt. Emphatic kissing followed as we reacquainted our bodies. I'd undone the woven belt that was preventing me from kissing her belly button. With her jeans down and off, my hands roamed her young body that responded to my slightest touch.

She clasped her arms around my back, whimpering to me the thoughts she'd had earlier that day. My right hand had slid cautiously lower to the moistened cotton panties, my finger tip pushed against the padding of her flower. "Look at you, so wet and these panties are now mine", I said with two fingers tugging at the waistband but allowing her to keep them on. We were kissing to make up for lost time. Arching her back, her hands freed the bra clasp.

There didn't seem to be anything better at the point when my lips left hers heading to her nipples, round and visibly responding. A strip tease of a different variety was unfolding for my needy eyes, my hands being allowed to explore. Nothing remained on either of us except for her in those panties, jiggling in all the right places as we shuffled towards the bedroom.

Holding each other in a standing kiss, we'd stopped shy of the bed. The throbbing in my cock pressed against her below those wonderful tits. Devious hands have a mind of their own- mine wanted those dampened panties slid down rosy thighs. Like a heady pervert trying to undress the prom queen, I was stopped short of my goal by her holding my hand with a whisper, "...do you remember last week when I said...that I didn't have any hair below my waist?" 

I'd nodded with an exhale, how could I forget? She trailed on with, "....and I didn't then, but I do now. Would you like to help trim things up?" 

That bathroom had a wider-than-usual countertop without the interruption of two sinks. From springy toes, she hopped her ass up and sat while I gathered a washcloth, cream, and changed the blade of my razor. Those teenage legs parted for me as I trailed a sloppy kiss down her belly, lapping at the wet patch of cotton, nuzzling sideways to nudge at her lips, and the expression on her faced changed completely when I found her clit. Licking at the insides of her thighs, we both were sweating and I hadn't begun any trim work. 

"Lift up....I want these off." As soon as the material was free from her ankles, my nose returned to her pussy. Her intimate scent was intensely erotic! How moist she was through the auburn, wispy hairs that barely concealed her lips. They would be traced by the point of my tongue as I breathed in her aroma. Licking inside I would explore for some minutes the tightness of her sex... then looking up to make sure that blissful look hadn't changed.

She sat speechless when I laid the warm-soaked towel across her mound. Those tender hairs didn't need to be moistened, or warmed for that matter but I wanted to make this the most pleasant shave it could be. Maybe there'd be a chance she'd ask me to do it again. I use only good shaving cream for my face; that's what I smoothed on her. I said with a groan, "open your legs for me wide... I don't want to miss any place." After a little teasing of her lathered lips, a brand-new razor nipped away at the curly hairs. 

Lori's chin sank down to her reddened chest, as if nodding off to an ecstasy of sleep, like the Heroin users' trance when every pleasure center fires in concert. For some time, and I loved every second of being able to lick her that way, my tongue and fingers explored my girl's new baldness. "...you keep doing that and I'm definitely gonna cum...", she muttered while tugging at my hair. Her legs opened so wide, pushing her hips to my mouth, and then thighs clenching against my ears. Tasting her sugar sweet lips and sucking her puffy clit was nearly enough to bring me to the edge.

Once on my bed, I'd straddled her then lurched over towards the nightstand for a condom. As a man in my late 20's, I knew my sperm were more than capable of reaching the insides of this fertile girl. Her parents would kill us both and mine wouldn't be too thrilled to identify my remains. With two fingers I dangled the condom, looking down at her with just the head of me in her mouth. Images like that imprint the mind during such intense times.

Her pleasure had been my main concern until this point. Now, the animal side of me wanted satisfying. My hands moved her legs apart, making room and allowing an angle for me to pump in. Through my cock I lavished in the velvety insides of her lubricated canal. I went to the bottom of her, touching her deepest point and knew we were connected in more than lust. 

Hips were in motion, mine circling onto hers, grinding down on her clit that was just beginning to absorb the banging in store. I urged on in her ear comments and hungry words, "I thought about you all day at work. This cock got hard imaging you across the street, touching yourself..." Then she yelped as I dug in with a lunge of that hardness. I'd wrapped my arms underneath her so my hands could hold her ass cheeks apart, pulling her up towards my thrusts.

Maybe close to an hour went by while sweaty, hot sex brought us closer as lovers. Looking up to her while she was on top of me was a new experience. I'd eased into the pillows and mattress giving my lower back a rest. The heat from her pounded pussy was realized just before her lips began their glide around the head and over my shaft. Her gyrations were bringing me closer to the edge of orgasm and the tapping of her bare ass on my thighs was something I wanted to see from a different angle.

Every bit of energy that we'd spent on sneaking around, calling each other to arrange these deceptions, all of that urging I now wanted to burn up. The rear entry position mixed with the unbelievable view of seeing Lori on her knees bent over was going to allow me the most intense penetration I could deliver. Some guys would have plunged in right there, jerking into that inflamed pussy maybe five times before losing their load. For me the first patient thing to do was back up for the best view, then lean in to begin tasting and smelling both of her special places. 

Only the tip of my tongue flicked at her lips, savoring those folds. Dropping my head to lap at the bottom of her pussy and close to her asshole. Mumbling and nibbling I managed, "...baby, you taste and smell incredible." Working my tongue into the wider part of her opening while flicking over her butthole, Lori's natural juices were flowing but I left behind my extra saliva for the gliding of my cock. 

She knew I'd love to take her like that from behind. The roundness of her butt was broken only by my fingers clenching at her flesh, spreading her for a view of both holes. Talking into her ear, my sweaty chest supported by her back, rocking into her drippy sex, "...cum on me, Lori, working my fingers on your clit while I drive deep to the bottom of your pussy from behind..." We were both closer, to each other and orgasm.

Doing it from the back was to be the best way to finish off such a sexual rendezvous. We'd worked and sweated with each other for some time as her reddened ass pushed back towards me. A pillow was muffling her orgasm which sent me over the edge. My cock slipped out and I erupted there between her cheeks as we finished cumming together. "I hope my parents aren't outside or they may have heard me scream," she gasped.

With a towel I cleaned her off then lay beside her to cool down. We'd soon have to return to the shopping center. I kept those panties of hers to remember the perfection of that date together. Again, the garage door would go up and we'd drive out without anyone being the wiser. This wasn't the last time we run covert operations to be together that Summer.