 Augustus Hewitt was brooding in a small halo of light one mile in the air surrounded by dozens of sleeping strangers. TransAmerica Flight 387 had left San Francisco just before midnight bound for Washington DC's Ronald Reagan Airport. 

Fucking red eyes. 

He threw back the remains of his second gin and tonic and crunched on one of the ice cubes. The walrus shaped man next to him was snoring, causing his substantial mustache to flutter like an angry hedgehog. His head was lolling to the side so that he was almost breathing on Augustus. 

Fucking red eyes. 

It was the perfectly awful ending to a perfectly awful day. Augustus had arrived in San Francisco the previous night to close out a big contract for his firm—big as in a lot of zeros to it. He had failed... spectacularly. There's no need to go into detail about it because odds were he would be fired within 24 hours. To be fair, Augustus hated his job. His father, now retired from the same firm, had landed the job for him thanks to some good ol' fashion nepotism. 

Ah crap, Augustus thought. I'm going to have to explain this to Dad at some point. Just add it to growing list that helped label Augustus as the black sheep in the family. Parents: wealthy, retired, and three kids (though one was a fuckup). Older sister: Married to a venture capitalist and sailing enthusiast named Todd with their own three beautiful kids (no fuckups yet). His twin brother (older by one minute): Married to a stunning angel with three beautiful kids (no fuckups either). 

So Augustus brooded in a wrinkled suit with his half undone tie crunching on ice. To top it off, he'd never been able to sleep on a plane so it was going to be a long night. 

In fact, the only good thing that had happened to him today was that one of the Flight Attendants had given the safety demonstration right next to his seat (7C, aisle seat two back from the dividing curtain to First Class). This particular Flight Attendant happened to have an ass so luscious, it strained the seams of her grey slacks with every movement. Augustus had stared at it for a good two minutes out of its periphery. It had almost been worth sitting next to heavy-breathing walrus man. 

Augustus closed his eyes to imagine that voluminous ass again when he heard a clink on his plastic tray table. He opened his eyes to see the same Flight Attendant, who had just set down two more mini bottles of gin. She seemed to be glowing through the haze of his overhead light. 

"Oh, I actually didn't order that," Augustus said staring up at the vision. 

"I know. Looks like you could use 'em though," She said in a whisper and walked by. Augustus couldn't help but lean out into the aisle to watch the beauty of her hips swaying back and forth expertly so as not to knock any of the sleeping passengers, but enough to make each cheek trade turns straining against the cursed fabric. Farther up, her auburn hair swung similarly back and forth in a sleek ponytail. 

Augustus leaned back into his seat with a pleasant sigh before finding walrus-man was now leaning even more heavily into his seat. He poured the two bottles of Gin into his cup and downed them in quick succession. It wasn't long before he could feel the tension start to leak out his body to be replaced by the welcomed warmth of the booze. 

Ten minutes later after Gus had successfully nudged walrus-man in the other direction, the same Attendant walked past his seat on the way back up the aisle. 

"Oh, miss-" he stage whispered. She turned around and Augustus was struck by the beauty that extended far beyond her ass. She had a warm, easy smile that seemed to be giving off more light that the bulb above his seat. He noticed the white blouse of her uniform was straining as much as her pants, and she had a red sash tied around her neck to add a bit of flare. 

"I just wanted to thank you," he said holding up the empty bottles. "You were absolutely right, they were just what I needed after the day I had. You're the breast—I mean best! Best! Oh fuck," Augustus let his head fall into his hand, horrified. 

He felt a hand on his shoulder, and opened his eyes hesitantly. She was laughing silently to herself so she wouldn't wake up the other passengers. 

"Don't worry about it," she said while all Augustus could think was, don't look at her cleavage, don't look at her cleavage, which was spectacular and in full view as she leaned over with her hand on his shoulder. "That's the first time I've laughed all night so thank you. I'm Samantha Stewart," she continued in a whisper, holding out her hand. 

"Augustus Hewitt," he said, taking hers. Her hands were soft, but her handshake was surprisingly firm. "I'm going to blame the slip of the tongue on the free Gin." 

"Who said it was free? That stuffs expensive Gus." Augustus stared back at her at a loss for words, before she smiled. She stood up and looked at the sea of sleeping passengers. "You want to see something fun Gus?" 

Alcohol soaked mind running wild (Your ass and breast without that uniform on, yes please!), Augustus composed himself and casually replied, "Sure." 

She nodded her head toward the first class curtain and slinked her way through. Gus swallowed hard and made to stand up. "Oof!" he moaned. Then, remembering to unlatch the seatbelt this time, he got up steadily and followed through the curtain. 

It was empty, aside from Samantha standing several rows ahead looking back at him. 

"What the hell," Gus said looking around. "Where are all the people?" 

"All part of some construction company from Shanghai that missed their connection," she said with a shrug. "It's a red eye and we really didn't want to go through the hassle of bumping people up, so here we are. I hate red eyes." 

"I never thought people could hate red eyes more than me, but I guess I never thought about the people who have to stand and work through them," Gus said. 

"That's because you're an asshole Gus," Samantha said with a smile, folding her arms. This only served to push up her already gravity defying breast. The strain was too much and a top button miraculously popped off. "Oh damnit," she cried. 

Just then, the plane jolted furiously and Gus lost the view as he was thrown sideways into a row of First Class seats. There were some cries of surprise from people waking up back on the other side of the curtain. Almost instantly, the seatbelt light dinged above them. 

"Errrladies n Gentleman this is your Captain speaking. We seem to have hit a patch of turbulence. Please keep your seatbelts fastened and we'll steer ourselves around it." 

Gus made to get up from the seat, but felt himself being pushed back down by a firm hand on his stomach. Gus instantly tried to suck in his gut, which had softened over the years. He couldn't even remember the last time he had exercised. When he looked up however, he was greeted by the incredible view of Samantha's chest, now partially liberated by the button and jiggling with each rumble of turbulence. 

"You just relax Gus," she said standing up straight to his dismay. 

"But I'll need to get my briefcase." 

"I'll bring it up once I get the rest of the passengers settled." And with that, she disappeared back behind the curtain. Gus began drifting off, but woke up minutes later when he felt something knock his feet. Lifting his head he saw Samantha reaching up to place his briefcase in the overhead compartment. As she stretched, the front of her white blouse came un-tucked and Gus saw a sliver of black lace peaking just above the waistline of her grey pants. It was the last thing he saw before drifting off to sleep for the first time in his life on an airplane. 

The fantasies raging through his head slipped into his dreams. He dreamt that Samantha was bent over the plane's food trolley in the empty first class cabin. Gus walked up behind her, reached around and unbuttoned the front of her grey pants. She gave a satisfied sigh. She reached up behind herself, looped her thumbs through the back of the pants and pulled down tantalizingly slow. Her heavenly ass slipped out inch by inch, then all at once with a welcoming jiggle. A lacy thong barely concealed the already damp mound of her pussy. She looked back at Gus. "Do it," she said in a distant voice. "Do it now." Gus realized his pants were already off and his cock was throbbing only inches away. 

"Oh Samantha," he moaned rolling over in his seat. Then in horror, he realized he was once again lying across two, wide first class seats. He looked up to see a grey haired, matronly flight attendant staring down at him with a shocked expression on her face. 

"Sir,... I... the Captain is landing now. For the last time, please sit up and buckle your seat. Do it now. You..." she looked down, and then looked away, "you need to sit up and ... and for heaven's sake please do something about that!" she finished, pointing down at Gus's pants before stalking away. 

Gus looked down to see an erection of epic proportions straining against the front of his pants, which was creating an embarrassingly obvious tent below his leather belt. 

"Oh shit," he muttered, scrambling up and trying in vain to push his dick back down. Finally, he settled with buckling his seat and simply folding his hands over his crotch, filling his head with images of baseball, paperwork, and the matronly flight attendant as best he could to drain the blood from his erection. It took the entire fifteen minutes of the decent for his bulge to recede. 

When they had finally landed in Regan National, Gus stood up in his completely crumpled suit, his balls slightly blue and sore, grabbed his suitcase and walked toward the exit of the plane. 

Samantha Stewart, the world's greatest flight attendant and future subject of Gus' masturbation fantasies was standing at the exit. She brought her right hand up in salute. "It's been a pleasure riding with you Augustus Hewitt," she said with a radiant smile. 

"Thank you for everything," Gus said, doing his best to focus on her face this time. "Best redeye of my life." 

"Don't you mean the breast redeye of your life," she said under her breath with a wink. Gus couldn't help but smile, shake his head and exit out the plane, avoiding the angry stare of the grey haired flight attendant standing just outside the door. 

Gus didn't have any more luggage, so he skipped baggage claim, walking out the sliding glass doors into the blinding early morning light. He had to shield his eyes, disoriented from sleep, an unexpected dream, and the mini bottles of gin. He walked to the end of an annoyingly long line for the taxis and waited. He took a couple steps every minute, rubbing his eyes with the palms of his sizeable hands. As he neared the front, a familiar voice spoke up next to him. 

"Well look who it is, Augustus Hewitt." Gus spun around to find Samantha standing next to him still in uniform, grey slacks, white shirt, red neck sash and all, but now with a petite rolly-bag held at her side. "Where you off to now sleepy head?" 

Gus thought about lying, but he found he didn't care anymore. "Me? Well I'm heading into work to get fired actually," he said with a half smile. Samantha looked him over and for the first time Gus realized how terrible he must look—bags under his eyes, stubble since he hadn't shaved in a day, a birds nest of hair and a suit that he'd been wearing for over 24 hours. 

"Well that sounds fun," she said cheerfully. "I myself am headed to my hotel for the day before hopping back on the plane to do it all again. Great lives we live, huh Gus? Shall we split a cab into the city together?" 

Gus was caught off guard by the question. "I ... uh... sure," he finally managed to cough just as they reached the front of the line and a cab pulled up. "Um, ladies first," he said opening the side door to let Samantha in. 

"Well look at that, chivalry ain't dead is it Gus." She seemed to emphasize his shortened name every time she said it. She lugged her bag into the middle seat and followed inside. Gus shut the door and walked around the back, making eye contact with several envious businessmen standing in line behind him. Mind racing, Gus hopped in the other side of the cab which sped off. 

"Marriott hotel," Samantha called up to the driver. "Then you can drop Mr. Hewitt off at the office." 

As the taxi gained speed, Samantha turned in her seat to face Gus. "Hmmm, this isn't right at all. Gus if you're going to get fired, you can't go out looking like somebody who isn't going to land on their feet. Do you mind?" she asked reaching out toward Gus and then pausing halfway there. Gus shook his head, unable to even say the words No, not at all. 

Samantha leaned in and buttoned the top of his shirt. She grabbed his tie, smoothing it out against his chest, then pulled forcefully on the back piece to straighten the knot and pull it up to his neck. Gus was bent over, staring directly down Samantha's blouse, he was so close he could now make out the edges of a lacy, black bra. With no control whatsoever, Gus began to feel blood pulse back into his crotch. 

Next, Samantha tugged on the lapels of his coat to bring them more tightly around Gus' shoulders. She leaned back for a moment to take in his appearance again. "Almost." She reached toward Gus' crotch and he barely managed to suppress a yelp as she grabbed the front of his belt buckle and straightened it for him. With a last touch she licked three of her fingers with her soft, pink tongue and ran them through Gus' hair so that it looked combed once again. The motion she made to brush his hair to the side pushed her breast together repeatedly so that they squeezed upward before falling back, over and over again. 

"There," she said sitting back in her seat. "Now you look like a man whose ready to get fired," she added with a last smile before looking back out the window. Gus was still at a loss for words, his cock straining once again against the front of his pants. They traveled in silence and Gus noticed the taxi driver's eyes darting up from the road to peer at Samantha repeatedly through the rear view mirror. They were riding along the Mall, just passing the towering stone obelisk of the Washington Monument. 

"I've always thought that monument looked like America's giant white erection, don't you Gus?" 

Both the taxi driver and Gus sat up straight. Gus furtively tucked his dick down the side of one of his pants legs. "I... I... um... yeah, I guess," he mumbled. She must have seen it when she was adjusting his belt, he thought to himself. It's middle school all over again, can't even control my fucking erection. 

Five minutes later the taxi pulled up to the Marriot Hotel. Gus just sat there like an idiot, a throbbing erection hidden down the left leg of his pants, watching Samantha's plump ass as she stepped out with her bag. 

He thought feverishly about trying to say something, anything, when she leaned back down to look at him, her pillowy breasts swinging down now, no doubt putting plenty of pressure on the clasp at the back. 

"Do you know the meaning of life Gus?" She asked in all seriousness. Gus just shook his head, looking past her eyes and down her blouse. "Well if you have any desire to find out, I'd suggest you follow me." And with that she stood up, shut the door and slapped the roof of the taxi twice. It took off and Gus just stared, dumbfounded trying to make sure he was actually awake and he wasn't about to jerk up from another dream. He looked through the back window to see Samantha striding toward the door, hips swaying. 

"STOP!" Gus yelled at the taxi. He threw a few twenties into the front seat, grabbed his bag and dashed out of the car. "Samantha, wait," he called after her, jogging back across the sidewalk. She was waiting for him at the entrance, a catlike smile playing across her lips. 

"So..." he began. "You know the meaning of life?" 

"You betcha," was all she said before turning into the air-conditioned lobby. Gus hung back while Samantha talked to the male desk clerk. Gus watched her ass swaying back and forth as she bent over the counter, reliving the dream he'd had earlier that morning on the plane. 

She turned around and met Gus walking toward the elevator. "What do you know, they upgraded my room," she said fanning herself with the plastic room key. 

"I wonder why," Gus responded sarcastically. She looked at him, smiled and winked. They entered the elevator together and Samantha pressed the 12 for the top floor, but before the doors could close, a family of five piled in after them, a large bellied man with his sunburned wife and three kids. Just as the doors were closing again an elderly couple pushed in as well. 

Samantha was squeezed back into the corner with Gus, who was unable to keep his erection from bumping into her ass. "Oh," Samantha exclaimed softly, causing the rest of the elevator to look around. 

"How are you all?" She asked. "First time in the city?" 

The elderly couple nodded while the large bellied man responded in a thick drawl. "Yes indeed it is Miss, pleasure to be here showing the kids the sights I'll tell you." As the elevator went up and the man began listing all they had done, Samantha nodded and smiled while she pushed back harder with her ass into Gus' crotch. 

"Hnnnghh," Gus groaned under his breath as Sam slowly began to shift her ass left and right, unnoticed to the packed elevator. Gus could feel a flush rising up his neck as the head of his cock smeared pre-cum against leg. 

By some divine miracle, the family and the elderly couple all got off on the sixth floor. They all said their have-a-nice-day's as they exited while Samantha waved to them until the doors slid mercifully shut. Gus watched the lighted display above the door tick to seven, then eight, nine. So close. Samantha stepped away from him and the elevator ground to a sudden halt. 

Gus looked down to see Samantha's finger jammed into the red Emergency Stop button. From somewhere below the elevator a bell began to ring. 

"Oops," she said, looking at him with innocent eyes. "My hand slipped." She turned around to face him, her back to the control panel. "So Gus before I proceed with the vetting process to see if you are worthy of pursuing the meaning of life, I do have a few questions for you." 

Gus gulped. "Alright," he said in a voice smaller than he was hoping for. 

"Are you willing to take your life in a completely different direction?" she asked. Of all the things Gus was waiting for her to ask, this definitely wasn't one of them, but Samantha had just placed her hands on the top button on her blouse—the neighbor just south of the one that had popped off on the plane. 

Gus nodded his head. 

"Good," Samantha said slyly. She undid the button. An inch of space popped open revealing more of her lacy bra. "Now, when was the last time you fucked a woman Gus?" Her hands hovered above the next button as the alarm continued to ring from below. Gus was having trouble thinking straight. 

"I... er... four.. no, five months ago." 

Samantha undid the next button, letting the shirt spread open for him below the connecting strap of her bra, behind which her chest was pulsing up and down as she took deep breaths, watching him. 

"And who was that woman, Gus?" 

"My ex..." Gus said. "Her name was... her name was..." His brain was officially shutting down. Samantha was drawing closer her hand hovering on the button. "Maggie!" He almost yelled it as the name swam into his oversexed brain. 

She smiled and popped the button. 

"And who broke it off?" Samantha asked, inches away from him now, hands on the last button. 

"She did." 

"Why?" She had whispered the question in his ear. 
