 I haven’t written anything in months because my life has been pretty dull. My former girlfriend went to a trade school 1500 miles away and our long distance relationship is now more distance than relationship. That has actually worked to my advantage, though. It allowed me more time to devote to a childhood crush: my “Aunt” Louise. She’s not my aunt, but we’ve called her that forever. She’s been friends with my mom for years.  Louise turned 52 in December and still looks pretty decent for her age. She’s always been fighting the “Battle of the Bulge” but she hasn’t lost the war. 

Louise heard about my occasional massage of my mothers neck or feet but never seemed the slightest bit interested. I also heard her say once that Joe, her hot-tempered Italian husband, would “kill her and probably him, too” if another man ever touched  her. She actually jumped up and ran when I touched her neck once, and that was right in front of my mother.

I guess Louise got tired of living with Joe the lout, so she moved back home to begin a trial separation. Home, (her aging mother’s basement) needed some work and a fair amount of paint to make it habitable, and that’s where I came in. I turned some of my own work over to a partner and spent a good part of two weeks helping to fix up Louis’s new place at the princely sum of $15 an hour. Of course even at that price I didn’t bill her for all my hours, but still, it was something.

Louise and I grew closer to each other each week I worked. After she moved in we’d share a beer or coffee late in the day. Talk inevitably turned to relationships, because Louise was worried about dating again if she and Joe didn’t work things out. The more she got out from under his thumb, the more she enjoyed life and the more remote became the chances for a reconciliation. One night I stayed for spaghetti, taking a shower in the new fiberglass bathroom shower I’d helped install with a plumber acquaintance. We dallied on the sofa after dinner a little, which was nice, but nothing happened besides talk. Another dinner followed a few nights later, this time with wine. When we cleaned up and sat on the sofa it was very comfortable, and our talk turned a little flirtatious. After some more wine and laughs Louise wiggled her feet and asked for a sample of the “Divine” massages she’d heard I gave. So I massaged her feet. After five minutes of comments about how ugly various parts of her feet were, she relaxed a little. After another five minutes of massaging her sole and toes she announced our engagement, wondering aloud what it would be like to be married to a man who did nice things for his wife now and then.

That was it for a week or so, then I came back on a Sunday afternoon to do some more work and a favor for her grandmother. We had dinner in Grandmother’s dining room, but later came down to Louise’s for coffee and Baileys. Gramm, an early riser it seems, usually went to bed after the weekend Wheel of Fortune or whatever game show aired. Downstairs, we sipped some Bailey’s, talked some more and I found out that Louise had chickened out instead of going to a nightclub with some friends the night before. My jaw dropped in surprise and I asked why. Louise blamed it on memories of rejection, not wanting to run into Joe, fear of the dating “scene”. We talked about this for a while, and in the process I grabbed Louise’s feet and began another massage. She got into it sooner, then I suggested she sit on the floor and lean against the sofa while I massaged her head and neck. She was wearing a turtleneck, which made it more difficult to massage her neck, so I concentrated more on shoulders and head. She loved it. I, on the other hand,  loved the “mmm-mmmmms” coming from her, but it all stopped abruptly and she grabbed a blanket to cover herself. It wasn’t that hot out, so I asked her why the blanket. Louise became embarrassed and wouldn’t explain, but hugged the blanket to herself tightly and turned on the TV.

It was her nipples. She had been enjoying herself so much her nipples were becoming erect, which embarrassed her. I laughed and teased her in the voice of an old fashioned radio/tv voice.

“Have upright nipples ruined you day? Cost you job promotions?   Made you an outcast at the country club?.”

Louise laughed and covered her face. I continued with some other lame attempts at humor.

“It’s shocking! Louise actually has nipples! Imagine such a thing in our neighborhood. Why that harlot!
That..tart.”

Louise slapped my leg, which only made me want to tease her more and use the word “nipple” as often as I could.

“Only 55 degrees out there today, so keep those nipples covered”. “Stay away from the frozen food section folks, it’s very chilly there and we are seeing lots and lots of nipples”. 

We giggled and carried on for a several minutes. Louise said she’d never talked about nipples with another man in her life, except to tell Joe not to--. She stopped.

“I can’t believe I’m discussing nipples with my nephew!”

I asked if that was bad. She didn’t answer for a long time.

“I don’t know. It’s good, it’s bad, it’s…different.” 

I left soon after, but returned Thursday night with a faucet part and enjoyed another dinner. We talked more and enjoyed each other all over. When we ended up on the couch again, Louise put her feet in my lap and showed off a new manicure. I massaged her feet for a while and then offered another neck and shoulder massage, but Louise said “no”.

“Nipple fear?” I asked. 

She wouldn’t say. I kept asking but she wouldn’t respond, until finally I picked her up and put her on the floor by the couch. I must say that action had some very sexy implications, and I got hard almost immediately.
Louise did too. She reached for the blanket, but I pulled it away in the nick of time and began massaging her shoulders. I took my time and enjoyed Louise’s quiet murmurs--and the sight of her nipples poking up. One of her hands absently began a caress of my foot, so Louise removed my shoe and sock and began rubbing my foot. That was sexy, but what she said next was even sexier.

“I’ve always had sensitive nipples. I’ve had to hide them ever since I was a girl.”

I couldn’t think of anything to say in response, so I said nothing.

“Heavy bras… Not the most comfortable.”

“Are you wearing an uncomfortable one now?” I asked.

No response. I asked again.

“I only have one kind, Nick.”

“Take it off. Live a little” I suggested, but just for her comfort. Well, maybe not.

She didn’t. What she did do was talk for the next 20 minutes or so about what was appropriate conduct between us. She asked if we weren’t pushing the bounds a little. 

“Bras..nipples…what’s next?”

“Oral sex?” I suggested.

Louise gasped, her jaw dropped and she looked at me with the biggest eyes.

“That is definitely crossing the line, young man. You are grounded.” She slapped my leg again.

I said I was just joking and had been trying to shock her.”

“Men!”. Louise shook her head in mock disgust. 

“Don’t you like oral sex?” I asked innocently.

“That’s it! Enough sex talk for one night”. She rose and led me to the door. Instead of the usual cheek kiss, all I got was a wave. I guess I crossed the line.

I called once to apologize, but didn’t hear back for two weeks. When she called everything seemed back to normal. In fact, Louise kind of asked me out. She wanted me to be her escort while she checked out a couple of places that had dancing. I asked why she didn’t go with girlfriends. She said something about my being “protection”. It didn’t seem that logical to me, but I wanted to be back in her good graces, so I said yes. 

That Saturday night I picked Louise up at 8. She looked great in just a pair of plain black skirt and a silvery-gray sweater. I told her so, which she seemed to appreciate. We barely had time to have a drink and adjust our eyes at the first spot before Louise announced that she was ready to move on. Ditto the second place, but like Goldilocks, the third place seemed okay. We actually got to finish our drink and liked the band. I asked Louise to dance at one point, but she declined. “Too nervous”. We left after our second drink. I didn’t see much point in sticking around. Neither did Louise. 

Out of the public eye and back “home”, Louise became downright flirtatious. Alcohol had a little something (or a LOT) to do with that. We both used the bathroom, then Louise grabbed a blanket and said “Let’s cuddle on the couch”. So we did. Louise turned out most of the lights, then sat on the floor and purred in anticipation when I settled in behind her on the couch. I started my usual neck and shoulders routine, then paused for a half second. Louise had taken her bra off in the bathroom. I pretended not to notice, but my mind was racing. What did it mean? Should I mention it?

Helped by the alcohol. Louise was becoming more vocal by the minute. She was really getting into my massage with lots of “Mmmmms” and “That’s soooo nice” punctuated by little “unnnnph” sounds. I asked her to sit in front of me on the couch so I could pay more attention to her back and she agreed. Of course what I really wanted was to get my hands up beneath her sweater. What guy hasn’t schemed in the same way?

I covered my moves with some chit chat about how I missed her. Louise said she had missed me and thought about me many times.

“Thought about me many times….So you masturbated thinking about me?”

Louise protested loudly and tried to move, but I held her tight.

“You’re trying to shock me again…Trying to shock an old lady.”

I admitted I was trying to shock her, but not the old lady part.

“You’re 13 years older than I am. Big deal! And by the way, you haven’t denied the masturbation part. I hope I was good…”

Louise didn’t answer for a while, then I got a one word answer.

“Adequate.”

“Adequate!? I can do lots better than that.”

“I can’t believe I’m talking to you like this. Sharing my most intimate secrets.”

My hands caressed more than massaged now and I wanted to turn up the romantic heat a little, so I whispered in her ear.

“Thanks for being so open. And thanks for taking your bra off. That’s very sexy.”

Louise giggled and hunched her shoulders in that funny way that tells you someone’s voice tickles. I continued my whispering and asked her to sit between my legs on the couch. She did. Now her breasts were within my reach. I slipped my hands back underneath her sweater and around to her stomach. I lightly traced some circles with my fingertips and caressed her soft skin. I continued my whispering campaign.

“Are your nipples hard?”

Louise nodded.

“Do you know that in another second I’m going to have them in my hand?  Do you know how long I’ve fantasized about doing that? How many times I masturbated thinking about your breasts?” 

Louise shook her head. I kissed her neck and noted with pleasure her response and the fact that she was sitting very erectly. 

“I don’t either. Too many times to count. I want you to enjoy this moment, now, so close your eyes and concentrate.”

She took a deep breath and sighed when my hands cupped her soft and delicate treasures. I sighed as I lifted them in delight and let them slide from my cupped hands, then lifted them again. Louise made more of those delightful “mmmm” sounds and sucked in her breath when my I brushed my palm across her erect nipples, then held them gently between thumb and forefinger. Some women love to have their nipples pinched hard, but I was starting easy. It just seemed right. I rolled Louises nippples in my fingers and pulled ever so gently. She arched her back and let out a loud moan of pleasure. I did it again…and again , reveling in the soft yet firm feel. Louise relaxed a little and fell back against me. I was in heaven. Each tug at her nipple or squeeze of her breast elicited a response of some kind. A sigh, a moan, a slight wiggling of her bottom. I noticed something else after a minute, something odd. Louise’s breathing pattern changed and her moans became more like whimpers. Then it hit me: she was softly crying.

“Louise? What is it?”

She didn’t say anything. I asked her if she was all right and she nodded. I backed off her breasts for a few seconds and kissed her neck, then asked her again what was going on.

“I’ve wanted to be touched like this for longer than you’ll ever know…Maybe a lifetime. It feels sooooo good… I know I’ve been drinking tonight and I’m not thinking straight, but I’ve waited for this for so long. It feels like sex should feel. I feel like a woman again.”

“Wow”. 

I couldn’t think of anything else to say.

“Wow.”

I kissed Louise’s neck and kissed it again when she stretched her neck in pleasure.

“Okay. Back to earth. That was beautiful. I’m glad I can make you so happy, but the weird thing is I am living a fantasy right now myself. Well, almost. Turn around and straddle me.”

She obeyed, but then delayed my fantasy when she grabbed my head and kissed me. Our lips stayed together for minutes as we explored each other’s mouths and sucked each other’s tongues. I broke off first.

“Okay, before I lose this chance of lifetime, lift up your sweater. She did, revealing her medium-sized breasts and thick, cinnamon-colored nipples

“Ohmigod are you ever beautiful. Okay, what I want is…I’m a little embarrassed, but what I want is to have you brush your breasts all over my face for a few minutes, then let me suck your nipples.”

Louise arched her eyebrows and gave me an odd look. I wavered.

“Is that too much? Have I just made an ass out of myself?

In answer, Louise smiled, stripped off her sweater and began the most luscious massage of my life. I shifted position to get the most out of the moment, to feel her soft hanging tits brushed up, down and back and forth across my face. She traced the outline of my face with each nipples, then brushed them across my lips. It took a massive amount of willpower to resist sucking them into my mouth, but I knew that would come in time.

“How am I doing?” Louise asked. “Is this what you masturbated about?”

It was indeed. And maybe Louise enjoyed being in control, but the moment I gave in and started sucking her nipples I was back in the captain’s chair. Louise bucked and squirmed and moaned in ecstasy, crying out each time I stretched a nipple out and massaged it with my lips. I teased her and tried every trick in the book, each time getting a wonderful response. When my mind wandered for a tenth of a second it occurred to me that I might get a little bolder. Her position allowed me access beneath her skirt, so I shifted one hand down between Louise’s legs. Instantly I found soft, sensitive skin. Louise froze for a second then pushed her breasts firmly against me. I caressed what thigh area I had access to, then ran my fingers over the warmest, dampest panty crotch I’d felt since high school. Louise jerked slightly at my touch, then jerked again as my fingers traced the sweet bulge of her femininity. I teased her lightly, then firmly, then lightly again. I rubbed the damp fabric slowly, then quickly, then squeezed her two lips together with my thumb and fingers. Louise rose and sank as I toyed with her treasure, then gasped as my fingers found their way beneath the crotch of her panties, past some wet hair and into her hot warmth. 

“Oh…oh…oh my God what you’re doing to me. I’m living a dream. I….uuuuuuh…. uhhhhhhhh ohhhhh that is soo… mmmmmmmnnnnhhh….mmnh…mmm mmm.”

Louise started bouncing the moment my fingertips found her clitoris. She forgot about her breasts and just held me while I teased her most sensitive spot. I rubbed the little bud faster and faster until Louise’s unh,unh, unhs were almost continuous and she exploded with an orgasm and froze, then jerked and froze again. I felt her contractions, flicked my fingers across her more gently,  and watched as she rode each subsiding wave of pleasure. It was a wonderful, fabulous moment, and I wasn’t even the one having the orgasm.

Louise returned to earth after a minute or so, but she was drained, so we toppled over until were lying down on the couch holding each other. 

“That was so wonderful. Indescribable. Delicious. But what can I do for you?”

“Two things. First---and another fantasy--I want to perform oral sex on you.”

“Are you sure? Some men…?”

I nodded.

“That’s my fantasy, too, so it doesn’t count” She replied.

“Whatever you say. The second fantasy, by the way, no, the third, isn’t it? Well, whatever, I always had this vision of you on top, straddling me while we made love, with your breasts bouncing and swaying. Not real creative or kinky, but it’s what I want.”

“Which one first? No, I just…came. I’ll straddle you”

I don’t remember my actual words, but I said I wanted to perform oral sex on her first, before I came inside her. No big deal, I just wanted to taste her, not my sperm. She asked me if I was sure again, and I said I was.

I began by resuming a sitting position and maneuvered Louise to stand in front of me. I slid her skirt down and off. She looked luscious and a little nervous, half covering her breasts unconsciously and wearing only panties...

TO BE CONTINUED