 It was a wet and blustery West Coast type of day. Yet, here he was in Central Alberta after driving for nine straight hours. The car was close to hydroplaning a number of times, but he was a man on a mission. He was getting closer to a different kind of wet and just the mere thought of Janet's sweet pussy caused his slacks to tent. They would have the entire weekend to explore, expand and revel in their carnal delight with each other.

He figured he was about twenty minutes from his destination as he dialed Janet's number. The anticipation had been building for days. It was time for some phone fun with a different twist.

"Well hello," said Janet. The sound of her throaty, sexy voice caused his cock to twitch.

"Get your fucking gear off," he growled. Laughter pealed through the phone.

"I'm way ahead of you mister. I don't have a stitch of clothing on and I'm wet."

"How wet?"

"Very wet."

"Have you been playing with yourself?" he asked, his voice thickening along with his cock.

"No, I've just been thinking about fucking you."

"What a coincidence. I've been fantasizing about you doing exactly that. Where are you right now?"

"I'm leaning against the counter in the kitchen, rocking my hips and clenching my cunt." The counter had been the scene of a very hot session the previous summer. He could feel his pulse quicken as he gripped the steering wheel.

"Here's what I want you to do. Unlock the front door, grab a bottle of wine out of the fridge and head up to your bedroom." 

Janet giggled. "The wine and glasses are already up there and I'm climbing the stairs as we speak. I'm going to take you into the bathroom with me, have a pee and then I'm going to climb into bed."

"Perfect and don't forget to put the phone on speaker," he said. He chuckled as he heard her pee spray against the porcelain. 

The rain continued to pelt the windshield and the wipers were on high speed as he took the exit from the highway. He was relieved to be out of the heavy traffic and could now focus more on the conversation.

"I turned on the furnace this afternoon, so it's nice and toasty in here," Janet said.

"It's about to get toastier. I want you to get a couple of pillows under your ass and Pink in your hand." Pink was the nickname for their long distance cock, a vibrator with an attachment shaped like a bird, which provided divine clit stimulation. "Since you're very wet, I want to just slide right in. It's time you were full of cock."

"Yes, I need to be full of cock," Janet murmured. He knew she had just rubbed the head of Pink up and down that perfect pussy to wet the head. He heard a quick intake of breath as she began to slide Pink in.

"I want to be in right up to the hilt."

"Yes, right up to the hilt." Janet's breath was already moving into quick little gasp mode. He could also faintly hear the buzz of Pink as he took a right turn on to Janet's street.

"You are fucking gorgeous, baby," he intoned as he pulled up in front of her condo. "Let's just work on long slow strokes. All the way in and then just about all the way out. Then all the way back in."

"Oh fuck yes," gasped Janet.

He turned off the ignition and slowly stretched, all the while delighting in the highly erotic cadence of Janet's breathing and moans. Emerging from the car, he increased the stretching, relieved to be done with driving for a while. He knew a major series of rewards were now close at hand. He locked the door and walked towards the front door of the condo.

"OK baby, let's just start bumping the head of that cock up against your G spot as you drape your legs over my shoulders," he rasped as he turned the door knob.

"Oh fuck yessss," came Janet's reply. 

"Bear down on my cock baby. Grip me with your beautiful pussy." Janet's breathing was a series of quick gasps and moans, building in volume. He moved through the door and then turned and locked it. "That's it baby, fuck me." He kicked off his shoes and peeled off his socks.

He walked through the kitchen, stripping off his clothes and began to climb the stairs, hearing Janet in stereo now as she began her own climb to orgasm.

"I want you to gush baby. I want you to flood my balls." He turned into the bedroom and reveled in the scene before him.

Janet was sprawled diagonally across the bed, lit up by the sunlight slanting through the partially closed blinds. She had made the sun appear after days of relentless rain and what a time to make it's appearance. Her face and upper chest were flushed, eyes scrunched shut, nipples puckered on her astounding breasts. She had the sheet clenched in one hand and was manouevering Pink in and out of her gorgeous cunt with the other. What an unbelievably erotic sight she was to behold!

"That's it baby. I want you to come and come and then come some more," he said. Just as he finished the last word, she screamed and began to gush and spray all around Pink. He dropped the cell phone and bent to her pussy with his mouth, wanting to capture that rapturous love juice with his tongue. The force of the next wave of her orgasm was so intense, her spasming pussy ejected Pink. Janet continued to squirt all over his face and chest.

As the orgasmic wave subsided subtly, she opened her eyes. He murmured, "You're amazing," as they locked eyes and he slid his cock into her. They both knew it was going to be a very hedonistic weekend.