 Aurelia was going out. 

It was summer, and the air of the early evening was warm with the heat leaving the stones of the city. As she dressed, and had one of her parents' slaves style her hair, she fell into thinking.

She needed a change, and she knew it. She was living in her parent's house, for the love of the Gods; and while her father Mettius was in the provinces on business, her mother was useless for company, spending her nights twittering away in the atrium with three of her lady friends. Aurelia couldn't bear even the thought of another night of it. 

It really was no fun being a widow at twenty-six years of age.

She reflected that, although her marriage had been arranged when she was young, she had grown to care for Corvinus; he had been a good man. He was wealthy and sensible, and with a military style that Aurelia had always favoured. When he was killed fighting in Parthia under Crassus in the preceding year, she had been more stunned than grieved. Everyone had said it was to be expected, but still - she hadn't been ready for it. 

While all of Corvinus' possessions had passed to her, and she was now a wealthy woman in her own right, she had been persuaded by her parents that, until she found her feet without having a husband, she should stay with them. 

She had been quite happy to go along with it, but recently things had changed in an unexpected and exciting way... She felt herself flush at the memory.

~~~

She had been at a banquet held by her friend Facilia the week before. There were twenty or thirty people there, all of them well dressed equestrian-class people. 

Most of the guests were enjoying the warm summer evening, drinking and chatting on the terrace that looked out over Rome. It was the hour at which the wheeled vehicle curfew was lifted, so the night was full of the sounds of carts and deliveries streaming down from the Caelian Gate, past the house. Somehow this only added to the atmosphere of the party, perhaps reminding everyone there that they were above the common herd outside.

Aurelia felt strange being there without her husband, and so she had remained inside, sitting on one side of the room. Only Facilia's husband and another older man who was taking his leave remained inside, standing on the other side of the atrium, talking quietly. She had taken a few more glasses of wine than she usually did, and had become tipsy.

Facilia came inside, looking for her husband, but saw Aurelia sitting alone on the lounge, and came to sit beside her.

'What are you doing off in this corner?' she asked, her voice light. She was evidently in her cups.

'I am enjoying myself,' Aurelia said, smiling. 'It is nice to be out of the house at last.'

'Your mother does not entertain?'

'She does, but in the dullest way you could imagine.' 

As they spoke, a slave had shown a man into the atrium, and he stopped to speak with Facilia's husband. He caught Aurelia's eye, for he had a presence that she could feel even from this distance. He was tall and muscular. His dark brown hair had an easy, tousled look about it - as though he had ridden through a strong wind - though the night outside was still. He had startling blue eyes and he smiled easily - and what a smile! Even directed at others, it made Aurelia's heart flutter.

Facilia noticed where Aurelia's attention rested, and smiled to herself. 'That is Decimus Celsus. He has only recently returned to Rome from his family home, near my husband's estate in Taranto.'

'I see,' Aurelia said, trying to sound disinterested. 'Is he married?'

Facilia said, 'Divorced - two years past.'

'At his instigation?' 

'Yes. His wife Statilia was a cold woman, not at all kind. They were never well suited, everyone said so. While he was here in Rome, she had an open affair with one of her freedmen. Decimus seemed to take the event in his stride, but it seems that he was deeply hurt by it, for my husband tells me he has not been with a woman since.' 

Aurelia raised her eyebrows at this, and said, 'Poor man.' 

Aurelia looked back at Decimus. He was standing easily; his powerful build was easily perceived through his clothing. She almost sighed, admiring his well-built arms. She had always admired muscular men. She had stupidly said this to her mother once, and she had replied somewhat sniffily that Aurelia spent too much time at the games. 

That was true, she supposed, smiling. She was an avid attendee, and was particularly interested in the athletes - whether they raced by foot, or threw the javelin or discus in competition; though she had admitted, at least to herself, that she was more taken by the men with their lean, defined bodies, gleaming in the sun, full of vitality, than she was by the competition itself. They haunted her nights. She often woke up wet and panting from dreams of one of those men caressing her body, the memory of hands roaming her body... she would slip a hand down her stomach and beyond, her eyes still closed, and bring herself to orgasm with gentle fingers teasing herself down there.

She was looking at Decimus without subtlety. Her pussy had begun to throb, as she imagined what he must look like without the toga, what his strong, masculine hands would feel like on her skin, what his tongue might do... 

Aurelia smiled at the thought, and was embarrassed when their eyes met, her stomach flipping over. She flushed, caught out.

He said something to Facilia's husband, and the two men walked over to where Facilia and Aurelia were seated. 

Facilia smiled, and standing up, said to her husband, 'Shall we go and get more wine, my love, and leave these two to make each other's acquaintance?' 

Her husband grinned, and said, 'Certainly,' and linked his arm through his wife's, 'We'll be out on the terrace,' he said, and they walked away.

Decimus sat beside her, and said, 'I'm Decimus.' His voice was deep and warm as honey. Beautiful. 

'Aurelia.'

'A pleasure to meet you,' he said, the corner of his mouth quirking up, revealing that he had dimples. 'I couldn't help noticing that you had a most fascinating look on your face just now. I wonder what it was you were thinking about?' 

He looked at her in such a way that told her he could knew exactly what she had been thinking about. 

'I couldn't possibly say,' she said, blushing to the roots of her hair, but meeting his eye unapologetically. She had beautiful green eyes, and a soft, kind face. His cock stirred as he entertained the idea of taking this beautiful woman into his arms and kissing her deeply, right here. He was surprised by the strength of his reaction to her; he had thought his days of feeling anything for women were past in the long years since Statilia; but now he knew - he had been fooling himself.

'I see,' he said as he took a long lingering look up and down her body. She was just what he liked in a woman: she was of medium height, but not too thin. He imagined her soft and round body, writhing beneath his hands... He was getting hard now, and was glad for the voluminous folds of his toga which hid it from her. 

His look made her skin tingle and the warm throbbing increased in her pussy. Her stomach lurched. She wanted him to touch her.

He smiled, and said, 'I think we understand each other?'

She acknowledged this with a smile in return, and shifted closer to him on the lounge, so that her leg rested against his. He looked into her eyes as he casually took her hand in one of his, and ran the fingers of the other over her wrist and down to the soft, white skin to the crook of her elbow; before dropping his head and kissing the pulse point on her wrist. He could feel her heartbeat pounding fast. The knowledge of her arousal made his own pulse quicken. With the thrill of senses long unused suddenly thrumming to life - he couldn't lie. He wanted to make love to her, gently, slowly, and luxuriantly. 

There was an almost audible crackle of electricity between them.

Her heart was racing, her pleasure centre pulsing warmly, her breasts tingling, longing to feel his lips on their tender tips. She restrained herself from moaning only with an effort. 

He smiled, and gently released her hand. 'Now we definitely understand each other,' he said, standing. 

She stood up as well, and was amazed at her boldness when she asked, 'Perhaps I might see you again... alone?'

He smiled, and without thinking, his hand strayed to a strand of black hair that hung down by the side of her face. He gently tucked it behind her ear; then his thumb rubbed slowly along the rounded edge, lingering on the lobe. She shivered with the pleasure of the feeling. 'Perhaps you will come to my domus for dinner this time next week,' he said, 'and we shall get to know each other better?'

'Perhaps I will,' she said, with a smile.

~~~

When she was dressed, she went downstairs into the vestibulum to wait for the litter to arrive, her heart racing with nervous excitement. It was only a few moments to wait.

Her mother didn't even notice her leaving.

She arrived after a short journey at a house that gave nothing away from the street. A porter opened the door at her knock, and showed her into the atrium.

Decimus emerged from another room, wearing only a fine tunic of dark blue. They looked for a long moment into each other's eyes. There was warmth and desire there, the chemistry surging between them. 

'Greetings, Decimus,' she said, looking up into his face, suddenly feeling vulnerable. The feeling was easily read across her face, and his heart lurched.

'Greetings, Aurelia,' he said, his voice husky with the force of his feelings. He reached out to her, taking her face gently, cradling it between his hands, kissing her tenderly, his tongue just flickering across her lips.

She pressed herself against him, her arms snaking around his waist, feeling the hard, muscular body beneath the tunic; and his shaft, already stirring to life.

He drew away from the kiss, and said, his voice warm and caressing, 'I am so glad you're here. I was afraid you would decide against it.'

'How could you have doubted it?' she replied softly, looking up into his face. 'I could scarce keep my mind on anything else.'

He smiled, revealing his dimples, and said, 'Come with me.'

He led her into the triclinium, where the traditional three lounges were covered in furs, cushions and exotic, brightly coloured blankets. Lamps were placed around the room, the yellow light gleaming off the mosaic floor, and creating dancing shadows on the red and black walls. They sat beside each other, their legs and arms touching, their skin tingling.

He had thought about the possibility of this night since he had made the offer, and he knew he wanted to take his time; there was no rush. The depth of his longing for her demanded that every moment should be savoured. 

A slave entered the triclinium with a silver tray containing dinner, and placed it on a table before them, then left again only to return with a bottle of wine and two glasses. Decimus poured them a glass each, and as she took a sip, his eyes lingered on her lips, as her tongue darted out to lick the wine from them. She leant forward to take a slice of fruit, causing her breasts to press against the fabric of her dress, the nipples just visible. He licked his lips, imagining... Instead, he put a hand up to her neck as she ate the fruit, running gentle fingers from her ear, down to the point where it met her shoulder, and then back up; he heard her breath catch as his fingers lingered in the tender place just below her jawline, and smiled.

He turned his attention to the tray, and took a plum himself. He took a bite from it, the soft, ripe flesh exploding flavour into his mouth. She watched him suck at the round softness, the juice shining on his chin. Her pussy throbbed imagining his mouth suckling at her own wetness. She made a small moaning sound in her throat, and he caught her eye with a devilish smile.

He put the remainder of the plum onto the tray, and wiped his chin with a napkin, the grin still lurking around his eyes.

With swiftness, he took her mouth with his; she tasted plum on his lips. His tongue gently probed her mouth, and as he did so he pulled her onto his lap. She gasped as she felt his rigid cock thrusting against her thigh. He slipped his hand up her dress, caressing her inner thighs. She moaned as his tongue gently flickered across her lips, and his hand gently ran up and down her inner thigh, teasing her by not venturing as far as her pussy, which throbbed and ached, wetter even than in her dreams. 

His rod was pulsing as he thought of how close he was to the warm, silky depths of this woman who smiled so wickedly from her almost innocent face. 

She moaned against his mouth, and he felt her shift her legs apart to allow him access to the moist warm centre he so longed to explore. He ran his thumb gently across the nub of her clitoris, feeling how slick and wet she was, and teasing her, as she moaned again. His other hand rested against her back, and he felt her shift, opening up for him. He gave a guttural groan in his throat, his desire urging swift action, but instead of answering his baser instincts, he stood, and lifting her as if she weighed nothing at all, he carried her into the cubiculum which housed his bed. There were lamps already lit in here, and in the warm yellow light, he stood her beside the bed, and kissed her deeply as he unclipped first one side of her dress, and then the other. It slipped down over her breasts, and he stepped back a little to admire the beautifully formed orbs, the perfect size to fit into his hand; he then untied the dress where it was bound around her waist and let it fall to the ground. His breath caught in his throat as he saw her feminine, rounded figure for the first time, her beautiful soft skin gleaming in the lamplight. His eyes brushed over her, and she felt as though he touched her, her breathing shallow and ragged.

'Show me yourself,' she said softly.

He slipped his tunic up over his head, revealing a muscular, sculpted body that made her heart race. She reached out a hand almost without thinking, and ran it over that beautifully formed chest, down the rippling muscles of his torso, and then traced the hair from his navel to the hard, beautiful cock beneath. She ran her finger lightly along its length, and then back again.

He moaned, and she felt her own body respond. She was almost delirious with the desire to feel his gorgeous, hard body pressing against hers, entering hers.

He pulled her into his arms, and as if she weighed nothing, he lifted her onto the bed. She sank amongst the soft bedding, as he dipped his head to first one breast then the other. With aching slowness, he suckled at the tender, pink nipples. Sparks of pleasure fired through her body as he slowly sucked and ran his tongue around the sensitive areola.

He then kissed her below the breast, then further down, and then further, until he reached her pussy, as soft and round as a peach. He looked up at her, their eyes meeting, and he gave her that same devilish grin again as he parted her legs, and kissed the sensitive area where her thigh met her torso on both sides of her pussy, until with delicate fingers, he opened her before him, making her gasp as his tongue slid into the her slit, and ran over her clitoris, before making small lapping motions over and over.

She tipped her hips up to meet his mouth, a guttural animalistic sound escaping her throat as she felt the first stirrings of an orgasm. It built with each flick of his determined tongue; then he slid one of his fingers into her opening, feeling the slick walls welcoming him in, and he slid in another. She gave a gasp as she felt his fingers running across her pleasure centre; the orgasm that had been building from his tongue suddenly burst out of her powerfully, as she gave a cry of pure bliss, he pussy clamping on his fingers, as he lapped up her cum, tasting the mellow nectar with delight. She tasted like an exotic, perfectly ripe fruit.

He moved upwards, so that he laid beside her, and held her in his arms as she panted with the force of her pleasure. It took a few moments for her to return to the moment, her green eyes opening, to find him watching her with great tenderness in his look. They kissed deeply and passionately, she pressing her body against his. 'I want you in me,' she whispered against his mouth.

Facing each other, he kissed her as he ran his cock up and down her wet, slippery slit, over her clit which was still throbbing with pleasure. 

Without hesitation, he slowly slipped his full length into her, making them both moan with the bliss of the feeling. Her pussy was a perfect fit, holding his cock firmly, her silky, wet walls stretching to accept him. That beautiful shaft reached her deepest region - she was completely filled by him, and she didn't think she could ever feel more pleasure than this moment - but then he began to slowly thrust into her. 

Holding himself above her, so that he could watch her face as he eased his rod, slowly and gently at first, into her perfect sheath. With delight he saw her writhing with pleasure, her face transformed by passion. Their eyes met and held as he began to thrust into her with more insistence, feeling his orgasm building, but wanting her to join him in the blissful crash that was coming. Her small, happy cries of joy increased, her hips lifting, back arching, allowing his as deeply into her as he could go; he felt his control slipping, until he gasped, 'I am almost there, princess.'

She said huskily, 'I'm ready.' She pulled him to her, kissing him deeply, their tongues entwined, until he grunted against her mouth, as she felt the tingling sensation deep inside, and knew his cock was disgorging his seed in her deepest place; her own orgasm exploded at the same time; a wave of pleasure unrivaled by anything in her previous experience. 

Her whole body was buzzing, her legs shaking and even her vision had gone blurry. 

He pulled her to him, their sweat mingling, the air thick with the scent of sex. He gently kissed her forehead, and then her eyelids, and at last a tender kiss that lingered on her lips.

'You're amazing,' he said, his voice relaxed and warm.

She smiled, though she had her eyes closed, and said, 'You are.'

He chuckled and for a long moment, they laid beside one another, enjoying the glow of satisfied pleasure coursing through their bodies.

He gave a tiny sigh, and she opened one eye and met his gaze. He had been looking with pleasure at her face in repose. She said gently, 'You seem thoughtful.'

He nodded gently, and ran a finger up her right breast, and then took her nipple between finger and thumb and gently massaged it. She made a small, delighted sound, and he said, 'I hadn't thought I'd find a woman that made me feel this way.'

'What way?' she asked, noting the devilish look back in his eye.

Huskily, thoughtfully, he said, 'This unbearable desire to possess you, to feel myself inside you,' his manhood was stirring awake again, 'to watch your face as you open up for me.'

She shifted closer to him. Softly she said, 'It is the same for me.'

He looked into her eyes to see if she was speaking the truth, and found his own feelings mirrored there. 'I don't think I shall ever get enough of you,' he said, amazed at his own admission.

She shifted her body closer to his suggestively, and with wicked smile, said, 'Well - we shall at least have to try if you can.' Her hand had wandered downwards over his stomach, and had found his cock already standing at attention. She circled it with her soft hand, and gently began to caress it. 

He raised an eyebrow, the shadow of a grin on his face, and said, 'Yes, I suppose we will.'