 I was working again at the transportation systems company at which I had worked on and off over the past 20 years. My work at the company had been varied, starting as an admin assistant to the support manager but developing into a technical role which resulted in me knowing as much about the systems the company installed as anyone else. I had surprised my family and my original boyfriend at my technical skills but I knew I was damn good at my job.

Indeed it had been an opportunity offered to me to work in San Diego almost ten years ago which had signalled the end of my then relationship. I had been getting frustrated with my boyfriend and unhappier at the situation within the company in the UK so I accepted a short term assignment working with a long-time married colleague, Tim, suspecting that it would give me the chance to go my own way.

Sure enough, being in San Diego was such a change and gave me a completely fresh outlook on life that when the initial assignment was due to finish I had no hesitation in extending it. Once I had sorted out the split with my boyfriend I headed back to sunny California and settled in to a high pressure job but with many opportunities for relaxing -- or should that be playing hard.

Eventually, though, the project completed and with no other work available for me in the States I returned to the UK. I tried a few other things in the UK but late in 2011 I received 'phone calls from Baz, with whom I had worked before Tim, asking me if I would join his team in a slightly different role to the one I had had previously. I decided to give it a go and rejoined the company.

Of course, once I was back in the fold word reached Tim and it wasn't long before I received a 'phone call from him asking how I was doing, etc. His life had changed somewhat, having split from his wife in America and moved with his lover and child to Australia, where a project similar to that on which I had worked in San Diego was hitting problems. It was obvious to me that he was trying to get me to leave Baz's team and move to Australia to work for him and, not wanting to burn any bridges having just returned to the company, I agreed to speak to his project manager when he was next in the UK.

Early the following week I received a text message and then a 'phone call from the Australian project manager, Ian, and agreed to meet with him on Friday. He explained that he would be in meetings with UK management for most of his time at the UK office and I agreed that it wouldn't be a problem for us to discuss the Australian position in the evening.

Although I've always got on well with Tim I didn't know Ian so I was a bit unsure as to how I should approach the meeting. I sounded out Tim and he said that he had been singing my praises but that Ian was his own man and that I should make an effort to impress him. Even though I am damn good at my job I read between the lines and decided to dress smartly and thought that I might even use my womanly wiles and flirt a little if necessary.

On the Friday, once my team had left the office and I was left with only my own company I changed into a black suit with a knee length skirt, a blouse and some high-heeled shoes. As I was getting changed in the ladies I realised that I hadn't brought any tights with me. A quick search of the secretary's desk found a pair of hold-ups which I decided would look better than my bare legs. I knew Jenny wouldn't mind me using them as I'd either pay her for them or replace them depending on what she wished.

I felt smart but very sexy in my skirt suit, blouse and high heels, especially as they were underpinned by a black lace bra and matching thong. The hold-ups also contributed to my state of mind.

At about 6pm my 'phone rang and it was Ian explaining that he had been held up but would be with me by 7pm. I told him that it wasn't a problem and that I had work I could get on with until he was ready.

7pm came and went and Ian still hadn't appeared. I was finding it difficult concentrate on my work because of the anticipated imminent interruption but I did what I could. By 8pm I was getting cheesed off at the lack of contact but felt that I couldn't just leave. Eventually, at about 8.30 I heard to door to the work area open and two voices approached my cubicle. I looked up to see the HR manager, Dan, accompanied by a person I recognised from his photo on the company website as Ian.

Dan introduced us and then explained that his wife was waiting for him so he had to leave. It appeared that he was worried about leaving a man and woman together on their own but both Ian and I said that he should head off home and that we would let him know the next day how things went. They explained that we would be using Dan's office and Ian asked me to give him ten minutes to get himself organised.

Another ten minutes wasn't going to make any difference to me so I nodded and told him I'd see him then. Once the ten minutes were up I made my way to the office and knocked on the door. Following his instruction to "Come in." I opened the door and walked in.

Ian was sitting behind Dan's desk. He signalled to the seat in front of the desk and I sat down opposite him.

"Hello Sue. It is nice to meet you at last. I'm sorry about the delay and messing you around but you know how it is on these visits. I'm only here for a few days so I have to meet with the senior management and those meetings just seem to last forever."

"That's okay Ian. I understand." I said whilst seething slightly at being made to stay so late but, when it came down to it, I was experienced enough to know that management meetings could be unpredictable.

He sat forward in his chair and turned over the pages of a file that was open on his desk.

"Okay. Tim has a lot of good things to say about you and I am keen for you to join the team."

"I'd love to work in Sydney for a while and I know I can do the job." I replied.

"I've been checking the details and your salary would almost double if I took you on. That's a large increase." 

I knew that the salary was likely to be a discussion point and I waited to see whether he was going to try to reduce it slightly, possibly by appointing me on a probationary period. I had seen that done with other roles in recent times.

What he said next, though, surprised me.

"You know there are two of you after this position."

"No." I said. "Tim gave me the impression that there weren't any other candidates."

My bargaining power had just been reduced.

"Both you and Nicole have very similar working experience and qualifications."

I had worked with Nicole in San Diego. She was very good at her job but I knew I would be better in the Sydney role as my management experience and man management skills had been better than hers.

"I will be working very closely with whoever is appointed so I need to be sure we can work together and they will cooperate with me." he continued.

I shifted slightly on my seat uncrossing and re-crossing my legs. His eyes were momentarily diverted to my hands as I adjusted my skirt.

"Nicole has already shown flexibility and an understanding of my needs. Obviously your staying late this evening shows that you are also keen but, as I say, we will be working very closely together." 

He stopped and let that statement hang in the air.

I had a vague suspicion of where this was going but I wanted to see how he played it. I was surprised that he could be propositioning me, a woman in her fifties. He was no youngster himself and he had to realise that I wasn't going to react like a naive twenty year-old.

"Will you have any problems at having to go away to management conferences, possibly at short notice, assisting me and even entertaining clients?"

I took slightly too long to reply.

"I need to know that you will be 100% committed to the success of the project and the job could be yours."

I sat forward aware that, with my hands on the arms of the chair, I was pushing my bust forward and revealing my cleavage. His eyes drifted downwards.

"I have no problems at all with that Ian." I said

Just at that moment the 'phone rang. I wondered who would be phoning the HR manager at this time of night.

"Hello Tim. I'm talking to Sue now." 

I did a quick calculation and worked out that it was very early morning in Australia. I knew Tim got into the office before everyone else but I was still surprised that he was 'phoning Dan (or Ian). Then I realised that it was Saturday already in Australia and I wondered why he was in the office on the weekend. 

"Yes" Ian nodded his head at me and with his eyes beckoned me to turn my head. "She is looking very nice isn't she?" 

My eyes found the two cameras on the wall, one behind me and one to my left.

"What do you think?"

He nodded and smiled and then placed the receiver on the desk. I fidgeted in my seat wondering what had been said.

"He says that he knows how supportive you will be and how hard you can work but he doesn't know how much you want the job or, indeed, if you need the extra money".

Extra money is always useful (new car, exotic holiday) but I was more interested in working in Australia.

"Nicole has shown her commitment several times." 

I wondered about that if my reading between the lines was correct because I thought that Nicole was gay. I had never seen her with a boyfriend in San Diego and she had intimated that she had had lesbian relationships previously.

"She seems to realise that part of the purpose of the position is making my job less stressful and helping me to relax."

He pushed his chair back from his desk and held his right arm out towards me.

"Would you come here Sue?"

He raised an eyebrow when I hesitated and beckoned again with his hand. I stood up and straightened my skirt then walked to his side of the desk. I was taken aback when he said "Sit on my knee" and opened his arms wide.

"Really? On your lap?"

"Yes Sue, on my lap. Don't you understand a simple instruction?"

I should have turned around and walked out. I'm not sure why I didn't. Instead I found myself sitting down on the edge of his lap with my right elbow against his chest. I was aware of his body scent in my nostrils. He used his left arm to pull me in closely

"That's better." he smiled then the 'phone rang again.

"That will be Tim. He can see that you're on my lap. He said I'd never get you to do this so I thank you my dear for helping me to win our little bet." 

We both turned towards the cameras and as we watched they seemed to pan in our direction and then zoom in on us.

"Pick up the 'phone and pass it here". 

As I leant forward to do so his hands grasped my hips. He took the 'phone in his left hand and wrapped his right arm around my waist again.

"Hello Tim. That's 100 you owe me. Are you watching?"

I heard a muffled voice from the other end.

"We'll see. She is only sitting on my knee at the moment."

Ian smiled at me as his right arm moved from around my waist and his hand settled on my left knee. His fingers started to circle on my leg and caused my skirt to ride slowly up my thigh.

"She is surprising." he said as his left palm stroked my thigh 

"You certainly missed out in San Diego. She has such a firm body and would you believe it, she's wearing stockings to work." he said as his hand had discovered my bare thigh "No, sorry, hold-ups!" he corrected himself as his hand lifted my skirt enough to let him see. 

Even with my years of experience I felt myself blushing. I had only ever thought of Tim as a work colleague so for him to be seeing and hearing this was quite embarrassing. 

"Ian, I think this is....." was as far as I got before being interrupted by the sound of Tim's voice echoing down the 'phone line.

It was frustrating not being able to make out what he was saying but Ian solved that by asking me "Tim wants to know how often you wear them to work."

I decided to see if I could push their buttons and replied "At least three times a week." even though it was probably more like once a month that I would dispense with my tights. As I said that though I felt a twitch in Ian's trousers and his erection started pushing against my thigh.

"Hey Tim, she can tell that I find her professional look very sexy. Can't you Sue?"

I nodded in reply.

"I don't think Tim heard that!" he said, holding the 'phone near my mouth. 

"Yes, Tim! He seems to like me." I said.

Ian pushed the 'phone into my hand and then with one swift movement stood me up then stood up himself and loosened and dropped his trousers and undies. Then he sat back down again with his cock standing proud.

"Tell him!" he said. 

I lifted the receiver to my mouth. Just as I was about to speak, Tim said "Well Sue, what's it like? Can you see his cock?"

"It's big enough" I said. I watched as Ian started to stroke himself.

"Does it excite you?"

"Tim!"

"Well, does it? Tell me Sue. I've always found you sexy but, as you know, I was married when we were in San Diego."

I wasn't sure what to make of that. His marriage vows obviously hadn't stopped him having an affair with his secretary in San Diego. Otherwise he would still be married.

I was now caught up in the moment. It had been a little while since I had had sex and I suspected that that could be the conclusion of this evening.

"In that case Tim, yes, it does. A little bit."

Ian held out his hand for the 'phone. 

"Should I continue?" he asked. Then he smiled and nodded.

"He suggests that you should remove your blouse."

"He suggests?" I asked. 

"Yes Sue. Now, if you please."

I backed away from Ian but my progress was soon hindered as my bum met the desk behind me.

I stood there looking down at this probably 50 year old balding, slightly overweight, lecherous Australian. He was enjoying every moment of this power trip and was very aroused as he slowly stroked his hard cock with his right hand. 

I was bemused. On the one hand I knew I should walk out but on the other hand I was finding the situation arousing. Knowing that my ex-boss was probably watching proceedings on his PC via the cameras was strangely erotic. I realised that I would comply. I was feeling very turned on and aroused.

"Well?" he barked. "Nicole didn't hesitate. Ask him?"

I took the receiver.

"Tim. Have you done this before? Have you watched him do this with Nicole?"

"Yes."

"Did she really take off her blouse for him?"

"Yes. And more."

"More?"

"She .......she did quite a bit more. She showed herself to be very talented. Much more than I thought when she was with us in San Diego." he said with obvious embarrassment that he'd had to admit to watching them.

I handed the 'phone back to Ian and immediately started to unbutton my white blouse, slowly revealing my cleavage and bra. I let my blouse slide from my shoulders to the floor, at which point I looked into Ian's eyes.

"Wow!" was all he said, but his smile broadened and his stroking of his cock got faster. 

I wondered if Tim was stroking himself too.

"Now the skirt Sue." 

This time there was no hesitation on my part. I let my skirt slide to the floor.

"Tim. Can you see? Doesn't she look wonderful?" Ian said as his eyes scanned my semi naked body as I stepped out of my skirt. I could feel his eyes examine my lingerie, looking at the detail of my lacy bra and skimpy thong together with my pale white thighs revealed at the top of my hold-ups.

"Hold the 'phone."

I took it from his hand.

"Step nearer."

I held the 'phone to my ear as I stepped forward. Ian's hands rested gently on my hips and he pulled me slowly towards himself. He opened his legs and encouraged me to sit down on his left leg. As I did so his chin rested on my right shoulder and his left arm rested across my shoulders.

He whispered in my ear "I think Tim is enjoying this as much as I am. Do you think so too?"

"Yes." I replied.

I imagined Tim with his hand around his own cock. I wondered what it was like. I suddenly wanted there to be a camera on him and a PC showing the feed from it.

Ian's right hand settled on the inner thigh of my right leg. He sighed and at the same time I could hear Tim's breathing start to speed up and was aware that he was also sighing with pleasure.

I gasped as Ian's hand started to move slowly up my thigh. The sensation was thrilling and as he reached bare flesh I let out an audible groan as his fingers moved past my hold-up tops. I was torn between closing my eyes and watching the inexorable progress of his fingers. Then with no warning his fingers moved my thong crotch to one side and brushed over and between my lips.

"Oh!" I moaned as I arched my back.

"Do you like that Sue?"

"Yes!" I gasped as I bit my lower lip.

"Tell Tim. Tell him what I'm doing and how you like it!"

His fingers eased into my very moist opening.

"Oh, Tim ..." I must have sounded breathless.

"Yes Sue?" Tim was sounding very excited. "What?"

"Ian's fingers are teasing me. His fingers ... they are just inside ..." I paused

"Do you wish you'd done this? Oh!" I moaned as Ian pushed his fingers further into me.

At the edge of my senses I felt Ian's left hand moving from my shoulder to the small of my back, then his fingers touching my bum 

"Oh my word. This is so good!"

I was completely under Ian's control.

"Wonderful Sue." he smiled as he took in my body, soaking up what he saw. "Just lovely".

I was unable to speak and just moaned in response to his ministrations. Then the thumb of his right hand found my clit. The sensations ripped through my whole body as he caressed me.

"I... I...Yes...Yes...No...No!" I was finding it hard to talk and I was babbling. 

"What did you say?" Ian said, smiling at me "You want me to stop?" 

He started to withdraw his fingers and thumb.

"NO!" I shouted. With my right hand I held his wrist, firmly preventing him from removing his hand.

"No Please don't stop". His fingers and thumb returned to their tasks. 

"You like me fingering your lips and clit do you?" he asked. Then he let his tongue trail over my cheek.

"Well?"

"Oh God, yes...."

"Tell Tim."

"Tim. Can you see what is happening or do I need to tell you?"

"Yes I can see everything. You look so hot, moving around on his fingers."

"I love what he is doing to me Tim."

Ian continued to let his fingers delve deep into my slit and to tease me with his thumb. Then he started nibbling my shoulder and upper arm, encouraging my bra strap to edge down my upper arm. 

"Sue, this has gone much further than I expected. God this so erotic." said a somewhat breathless Tim.

Suddenly Ian's hand reached up and took the 'phone from me. He put it back on the cradle and pressed the speaker 'phone button.

"Tim" Ian spoke "Why don't you tell Sue what you are doing while I continue to finger her."

Each stroke of his fingers and thumb heightened my arousal and my moaning was getting louder.

"I'm playing with myself." Tim said so quietly I could only just hear him. 

"Speak up Tim. We can barely hear you above Sue's moans."

"I'm stroking my cock." he repeated more loudly.

Ian whispered into my ear "Does it surprise you that Tim is enjoying watching and hearing you being pleasured by me? Did you think he was like that?"

"Yes...No..." I replied, not thinking clearly or sure which question I was answering.

I closed my eyes as I felt pleasure surge through my body. Each movement of Ian's hand took me closer to the edge. His hand on my back kept me from moving my hips too much and kept him in control.

"Yes...Yes...Yes!" I started to moan louder, my back arching.

"How does that sound Tim? Look at her. I'm going to make her cum." Ian said. He knew he had me under his control. He was enjoying every moment.
