 The hot sun scorched the afternoon commuters. Tempers rose with the temperature. People just didn't drive like human beings anymore. No one appeared to be interested in giving anyone a break. So here he sat stuck in the right lane. His estimated time of arrival had long past, he was just plain late. There was nothing else to do but go with the flow of traffic. As he eased the clutch of his truck out for the hundredth time that afternoon, he began to take in the other commuters around him. 

He wasn't the over the road type. Local delivery was steady work, honest work. You were always moving, in and out of your truck. The only down side was the traffic. On the way into the city in the morning, and on the way out in the afternoon, he endured the congestion.  This is the only way to be stuck in traffic, he thought, from the cab of his truck he sat a good deal higher than the rest of the cars around him. Less claustrophobic this way, gave him a chance to sneak peeks at women on their way to and from the office. A little glimpse of thigh went a long way on afternoons like this. He was better off than the tractor trailer drivers, he could see a lot more from this angle, he was high enough to see their legs, and low enough to see everything else.  It was a perverse pleasure, these women had no idea he could see them.  But there were times he would swear some were putting on a show for him. 

He first noticed her in his mirror, it was the hair he noticed first.  Long, flowing, framing a beautiful face. The car was nothing of note, except for the fact the windows were down. It was good to know he wasn't the only one out here without air conditioning this afternoon.  As she inched up beside him in the crawling traffic, he swore he saw her shift her position a little in the mirror. When she finally rolled slowly along side him, he looked down and was pleasantly surprised.  Today was a good day, she was gorgeous. Apparently she had loosened her clothing a bit for the drive, and she knew he could see her. The skirt looked like it had just been pulled back down, the jacket pulled closed again. She obviously endured some discomfort wearing a silk suit like that on a day like today, but from what he could tell it was worth it.  The skirt was short, the legs long. The jacket fitted nicely around her breasts, and the green shade of the suit set off her beautiful hair. 

She must have been readjusting her clothing as she pulled alongside him, that was the move he saw in the mirror. He stared never the less, there was nothing else to look at. He loved the way her skirt rode up just a touch when she shifted. And luckily, considering the heavy traffic, she shifted frequently. The lanes were all moving in unison now, and she remained right next to him. He was happy for the diversion, it had been a long time since he had seen such beautiful legs. She seemed to be daydreaming, the skirt was not pulled down after each shift as it was before. As they eased through traffic, her skirt shifted up more and more. He hungrily stared at her shapely thighs, and with each moment, he saw more of her tanned flesh. She had slipped off her high heels now, and moved to loosen her jacket. He saw just a bit of her lacy bra now, this was really getting interesting. 

He was sure that she knew he could see her. He couldn't see her eyes, he sat just a touch too high for that. He could however see the bottom half of her sweet face. The full lips, the delicate sweep of her neck, her cute little nose were all evident as she turned her face to see her.  A faint smile crossed those full lips now, and she leaned down just enough to catch his hungry stare. It was a veritable feast to look at, her jacket fell away from her full breasts, he saw her deep brown eyes, and a really big grin now. She blew him a kiss, and eased up in traffic again.

She was performing for him! This was too good to be true, women like this didn't do this sort of thing, or so he thought. Maybe she was more like him than she appeared. Perhaps her idle time was filled with sexual thoughts as his was. He didn't have much time to ponder this possibility, the show was just beginning. Her right hand dropped from the steering wheel now, down into her lap. Her long fingernails traced a line up her stocking clad thigh, stopping just short of her skirt. It had really ridden up now, she was in danger of showing him the object of his desire. Little did he know the surprises she had for him waiting beneath her seductive clothing. He watched as her small fingers slid under the hem of her skirt. She pulled on it gently, pulling it up just far enough to show the lacy tops of her silk stockings. His mind was blown now, this wasn't a woman, she was a fantasy. He was amazed at her choice in undergarments. There was a school of thought among women, that you are only as sexy as you feel. She apparently felt very sexy, because this woman was the definition of lust and sensuality.

He jolted back to reality as the car in front of him stopped short. He looked up in just enough time to slam on his brakes. A vehicle the size of his did not stop so quickly in a quiet way. The rear tires stopped rolling long before the truck actually stopped. The squeal from those tires cut through the rush hour noise, everyone turning to see what had caused the racket. She laughed out loud, knowing what she had caused.  This was very amusing to her, that she could distract this man so. Men always looked at her, she was used to this, but something primal was rising in her now. Maybe because it wasn't the normal suit type looking at her now. This man was definitely blue collar. She could see his callused hands, the deep tan on his well muscled arms. He didn't appear to be the iron pumping type, the arms looked this way due to the long hours, heavy lifting. He didn't achieve this appearance in some snooty health club, he looked this way because of sweat, hard work and long hours. He wore a short sleeved, button up shirt. The sleeves were rolled up to show just a little more of his bulging biceps. He wasn't a hairy man, she was glad of this. Just a touch of dense black chest hair showed from the three buttons undone on his shirt. His hair was dark and thick, and she could tell he had spent a long day working. He looked generally rumpled, but tight, tanned, and more than capable of rocking her world to the roots of it's very existence.

The teasing was getting more serious for her now, she was becoming genuinely aroused. Maybe it was the heat, perhaps it was the blatant lust in his stare. The only thing she felt was the incredible heat of her desire. While she was capable of maneuvering her car through the heavy traffic, every time her hand left the gearshift, she was caressing her stocking clad thighs. It was almost involuntary, she wasn't sure if she was doing it for his benefit or hers. A little of both seemed to be the answer. She was clamping her thighs together tightly now, and each time she eased the clutch out, they rubbed up against themselves deliciously. Her audience wished she would part them, show him the treasure nestled between those trim thighs. 

The traffic had picked up somewhat, although they were still crawling along at a very slow pace, the irritating stop and go had ended. Her hands were free now, at least her right hand. His was as busy, gently pressing on the front of his jeans. His erection had grown to immense proportions, this was the only thing to ease the ache. As this scene continued to unfold in the small car next to him, the throbbing only increased.

He watched her and paced himself to fall in right alongside. Now that the traffic was no longer stop and go, she had pulled her left leg back up close to the seat. She felt a cool breeze between her legs now, she had broken a small sweat rubbing her thighs together like that. He groaned at the sight of her slightly spread legs. Her hands seemed to take on a life of their own now, no longer did her right hand just caress the outside of her right leg. It stole up over her knee, up the inside of her thigh. She pulled her skirt the last few inches to reveal herself to him. She was glad she had removed her panties at the office, it was so hot today. That was the original reason, but now another reason became apparent. There was no way she could have removed them while driving, so it was very convenient, nothing to stop her fingers from combing through her downy curls. She first reached down to the opening of her channel, moistening her finger in the honey oozing from there. She gently slid her finger, quite slippery now, up onto the taut bud of her arousal. She heard a gasp escape her lips, her hips jerked forward to meet her hand. After tracing a few small circles there, her hand slipped inside of her jacket. Not having enough room to palm her ample breast, she withdrew her hand to loosen her jacket just a touch more. Her one man audience watched in amazement of her brazen actions.  She undid yet another button, and her hand once again slid inside her jacket. 

She wasn't looking at him anymore. She knew he was there, knew he was watching her every move. Any question of him still being there was quickly answered. All she had to do was check the corner of her eye, yes, the truck still matched her pace. She only hope that his hands could match the pace of her own. She took a deep breath as she pulled the lace of her bra aside. The taut nipple grazed the lace as it popped free. The breeze tickled it but for a moment, her fingers quickly captured the erect bud. Her red nails dug into it gently, and then rolled it between. She only wished both hands were free, her whole body was crying out now. Her breasts cried out to be touched, and as her wetness seeped onto the seat beneath her, the folds of her flower screamed for attention. Reluctantly she dropped her hand back to her lap, parting her thighs yet further. With her left breast exposed, she found that the shoulder harness rubbed against her hard nipple just right. With just the slightest movement to either side, the shoulder strap rubbed coarsely across her taut nipple. This was getting dangerous, with her fingers tangled in her soft curls, in her wet folds, and the strap rubbing across her nipple, she just might come.

This was getting to be too much for him. Just rubbing his erection through his jeans wasn't enough anymore. With one hand on the steering wheel, he reached to unbuckle his belt with the other. The moment he pulled his cotton briefs aside, his throbbing cock popped out and hit the steering wheel. There was no way he could pull his jeans out of the way, he had to hold his underwear down with his left hand, while his right fist closed around his throbbing erection. He smeared the pre cum leaking from the tip around the head. He was really gushing, and this made things far easier, his hand glided up and down the length easily.  This woman was masturbating right in front of him. The only thing kinkier than that was the fact that he couldn't touch her, taste her.  The only way he could continue this was to keep driving, thus keeping him from her. To look was enough, at least enough for now. The display of lust, flesh and desire laid out in front of him was more than any man could hope for.

She was grasping the steering wheel white knuckled now, it was all she could do to keep her mind on the road. Her fingers flew over her erect bud now, the same tiny circle over and over. Anyone looking at her long enough in traffic, while they could not see what her hand was doing, would have little question as to what was going on. Her mouth fell open repeatedly, half out of lust, half as she imagined the cock of that man sliding in and out of her mouth. Her cheeks were flushed, as was the flesh down her neck, and between her breasts. She almost tore the steering wheel from the column as her orgasm tore through her. Her left foot, the shoe had been kicked off long ago, braced itself against the dashboard as she thrust her hips up into her hand. She only glanced at the road momentarily, then closed her eyes again, letting the wave wash over her. Her audience wasn't far behind, the come spewed forth from his organ like a gusher. As his hand flew, his seed flew forth coating the steering wheel, with the last few drops landing on the front of his jeans. He only looked away from her for a moment, to grab one of the napkins left over from his lunch to wipe the sperm from his hand. One wasn't enough however, he had never made a mess like this masturbating.

She sped up now, and turned on her directional. She was trying to get in the lane in front of him. Reluctantly he fell back, sad that this was over. Her exit had apparently arrived, the interlude had finally come to a close. She fell in front of him, waving thank you, he thought. She had other ideas however. 

Never before had an orgasm left her feeling this way. Usually when she pleasure herself, she fell into an immediate sleep. She had to be incredibly wanton to pleasure herself, and the orgasms erupting from her own fingers always satisfied her. Today however, it wasn't enough.  While the throbbing of her clit had ebbed slightly, she cried out with her whole being to be filled. Taken hard, taken fast, grabbed by the hips and pumped silly. She knew this man behind her wanted her like that, wasn't sure how she knew, but she was positive all the same. She exited the expressway, and as she had hoped, he followed. Little did she know this was his exit also, fate was playing a crucial part this afternoon. 

She got out in front of him, not too far, still well within sight. The park was as she had hoped. This time of the evening, just before dark, all of the other guests had long went home. There were only a few cars in the lot, probably some late joggers, or perhaps people with the same thing on their minds as hers. 

He watched as she made the turn, signaling again long before she needed to. She must want me to follow, he thought. He geared the truck down and touched the brakes, following her as the daylight faded. Most of the parking lot was well hidden from the road, and her car kept driving.  She didn't stop until she reached it's furthest corner. The trees were dense here, guarding both sides of the parking lot. She stopped her car in the very last space, and quickly got out. As he pulled up, she leaned back against the fender of her car, still giving him the same wanton look. He was somewhat nervous, what did this woman want? He hoped she longed for him as he did her, but he was unsure. He pulled his truck into the space next to her, shielding her car from view to anyone passing by. He shut his truck down, and hopped down to what he hoped was yet another encounter for the afternoon. 

She spoke no words as he approached her, she only stood up from where she was leaning. As he walked the last few steps to her, he watched her hands undo the jacket of the suit she was wearing. He stopped now, again content to watch for the moment. She wanted him to look, she needed to show him as much as he needed to see her. She didn't remove the jacket, only slid it back on her shoulders. He watched as her fingers undid the clasp on the front of her bra, her firm breasts finally tumbling free. She grasped both her breasts in her hands now, her eyes never leaving his. She spoke to him now, asking him to show her how much she had excited him. He closed the distance between them quickly, as he undid his belt again. He pushed her back onto the hood of her car. She held onto his shoulders as his mouth sought out her taut nipples. As his teeth sank into the nipple, she dropped her hand to his erection. She knew he had what she needed, she could barely wrap her fingers around it. She could feel his heartbeat pounding in the flesh. She grabbed his hair now with her free hand, pulling his head up sharply. She kissed him hard, separating his lips with her tongue. She pulled on his member harder how, she was going to get what she needed from this man.

She pushed him away abruptly, his cock slipping from her hand. She watched for a moment as it popped back up, hitting him in the belly. He was definitely ready, the time had come. She turned away from him how, and bent over the hood of her car. The moment her nipples touched the warm hood, her hands went back to her hips. She rested her weight on her aching nipples, and reached for the hem of her skirt once again. He stood behind her and watched. Yet another feast for the eyes unfolded for him. She had put her heels back on before getting out of the car, and her feet were placed far enough apart to push her tight behind into the air. After she had pulled her skirt up, she parted the cheeks of her ass and looked over her shoulder back at him. 

He required no directions, no requests. There was no question what she wanted, and he was more than happy to provide it for her. He stepped up and ran his throbbing prick down the cleft of her ass. He wanted to tease her a bit, she however had other ideas. She reached between her legs quickly, and captured his member again in her grasp. She held him there while she rotated her hips to slip him inside her. The moment she felt him at her opening, she pushed back towards him, impaling herself on his cock in one fluid motion. He stood there now, watching that incredible tanned ass grind on his thick cock. Her hands were palm flat on the hood of the car now, she was trying to get leverage to push back onto him. He rested his hands on her shoulders now, pushing her down further onto the car, crushing her breasts beneath her. She couldn't move now, she was pinned to the car, helpless to move. He didn't disappoint her, he withdrew from her slowly, feeling her spasm slowly around him. The first thrust rocked the car, he pushed into her as deeply as she could take him. From that point on, his actions were not his own. This was primal, they were rutting like animals out here. The breeze chilled their moistened flesh, but the heat continued. His hips were a blur, with each thrust she spasmed around him again. His balls were slapping against her erect clit now, this provided her with some additional relief. She had never been filled so completely, never been taken so violently. She was rocking with him now, her nipples rubbing on the hood. She was so close, right on the edge. 

Her answer came, he scalded her with his come. She could actually feel it squirting from him, filling her to overflowing. As he pumped his seed deep inside her, she felt her orgasm. She braced herself now, pushing back against him, needing just a few more thrusts to finish. He held her hips in his callused hands, watching as she ground up against him. She finally fell forward when she had finished, her long hair splayed out on the hood of the car. He backed up a few steps, just gazing at her beauty. He couldn't see her face, only the firm ass, the long legs, and his come running down the inside of her thigh. She rose, straightened her skirt as she walked to him. She kissed him lightly, her hand going to his cheek. She turned and got back into her car without a word. 

That's where she left him, jeans around his ankles, a single drop still dangling from the tip of his spent organ. She only said one thing as she pulled away, and it's the one thing he remembers most. "You can drive me home anytime Mister."