 This happened a long time ago. I was 39 and my wife Marion was 34. One time we went out with my boss Bruce and his girlfriend Sheila. He was about 55 years old, grey haired, very handsome and elegant. Being divorced in the last year he had this very young girl from a short time only. Sheila was beautiful but he was clearly bored of her. On our way back after taking the girl home, Bruce got the idea of one more drink in a bar in town. I agreed but my wife proposed a drink at home as our kids were by my mother. Bruce then head to our house.

At home Marion seated on a two seats sofa and Bruce on a single armchair in front of her as I mixed the drinks. Then I poured drinks and seated close to my wife on the two seats sofa. I also dimmed the lights and we enjoyed our night.

We are talking about my boss going away a few days for business when Marion said she was cold and cuddled up to my side with her legs on the sofa asking me to warm her up a bit. She had a miniskirt and I knew she was showing a lot of legs. My boss stared intently at her but I didn't mind as he always flirted a bit with her and she always teased him back. It was part of the play. Once he even passed her an explicit compliment at a party and she led him cup her ass during a slow dance. 

I passed slowly my hands on her legs and started to lift her skirt up. I played with the hemline of her skirt going slowly up and down every time going upper and I did it with the intent of showing my wife's legs to my boss. He was a ladies man and I liked him paying her attention. She was terrific sexy that night.

We kept on talking with Marion showing legs and making no one move to recover as I caressed her thighs and she moaned a bit like excited. It was late spring and the night was quiet. The three of us had a nice time with sexual innuendos and small cute talks. Marion's skirt raised really high and I was sure she was showing him panties but Bruce was my boss never the less and she liked to oblige. I also liked the situation. 

At two o'clock we were almost done our drinks when Marion said she had to piss and after she wanted a good sleep.

"I'm sure you want a good fuck from your husband before," said Bruce.

She giggled and answered "maybe," then went to the loo.

When she was gone Bruce said, "Do you think to fuck her for real?"

"I think yes, she is in the right mood," I smiled.

"You lucky bastard, she is a sexy bomb."

"Thank you Bruce, I agree. Marion has nice legs and knows how to show them off," I winked at him.

"I think you also like to show your pretty wife's legs," he said. 

I nodded like a bit embarrassed and said "guilty."

"I have an idea," he continued, "how about you two let me kind of watch?"

I smiled and told him "I like the idea. I'll ask Marion when she is back." 

In the meanwhile Marion came back and having heard the last part of my talk with Bruce she told, "what do you want to ask me?"

I smiled and said "Bruce wants to watch us."

"What you mean. Watch us fuck and stuff?" said Marion. 

"Yes. He wants to watch us. He says you are a sexy bomb. More is getting any pussy tonight so maybe he wants to watch and have a little fun watching." 

She smiled. "I don't know," she said, "I think we can but if I chicken out you have to stop, and Bruce can't touch," said Marion. 

"Ok. Let's go to the bed room," I said. 

We all smiled and he said, "let's go." 

Marion seated on the couch and I seated near her. I started to rub her upper thigh and her pussy through her panties as we watched Bruce looking for us. As he watched I started to kiss Marion. She was getting all hot and starting to make little moans. 

"Do you like having Bruce watching us?" I said her and she nodded.

I unbuttoned a few buttons on her blouse and moved my hand in to play with her boob through her bra. 

Marion was kissing me like crazy, when Bruce moved his chair. Marion stopped for a bit to see what he was doing. 

"I want a better view," Bruce said. We all kind of laugh and got back to kissing. I slowly got her blouse undone and unhook her bra. 

"How about showing him some nice boobs of yours, Marion?" I asked her smiling.

"Go for them," she said.

I lifted her bra up and took a nipple in my mouth and gently sucked and kissed it. I slowly got her to take her blouse off and bra. Now I had both boobs to suck and play with. 

Marion asked me to take my shirt off. I got up and dropped my pants and shirt. All I had on were my under shorts.

"Now why not take your skirt off?" I asked Marion. 

She stood up and took her skirt off. As she stood with only a small pair of panties on her nice saggers (her medium size boobs hung rather low on her chest after the lactation of our children but her nipples were absolutely huge) oscillated like bells with great effect. We wrapped each other up in our arms and kissed each other deep as Bruce was watching. 

We stopped kissing and as I was rubbing Marion's ass now, Bruce stood up and approached us. Marion dropped down on the bed and I pulled her panties off. There she lay all naked for Bruce and I to see. I took my shorts off and my hard on popped out as hard as ever. Marion reached up and started to slow jerk it back and forth. I kneeled down on the bed as I slot my hand between her legs. I rubbed her pussy for a bit before I turned around. I started to kiss her belly and down to her thighs. I felt her pussy all wet as I led my finger slide in her. I start to suck and lick her pussy as she took my cock in her mouth. 

I noticed a shadow like as I was licking her pussy. I looked up and there was Bruce standing watching us. He had his cock out slowly sliding his hand up and down. His cock is a bit longer than mine but so much fatter. I am 6 1/2 inches so I would say Bruce was maybe 7 ½ with a very big girth. I winked at him and went back to licking Marion's pussy. 

I felt the bed kind of lean to one side when I was licking. Marion was close to come so I did not stop. She quit sucking my cock and started to come with big moans. After she reached her orgasm I turned around to kiss her and played with her tits. She was all smiles and kissed me like crazy. As I started to get her all excited again, while I was kissing her, I went to rub her other breast when I felt Bruce's hand there. I kept kissing her and went to rubbing her pussy with my hand. I bent down and kissed her breast and sucked her nipple. Marion was moaning and started to hump my hand that was rubbing her pussy. I inserted a finger, then kissed her on the lips. 

I said "Everything is ok, Honey?" 

"Yes," was her reply. "Don't stop now." 

I got up between Marion's legs and inserted my cock in her. I saw Bruce grab Marion's right leg and pull it up. Marion said nothing and raised her other leg as I started to fuck her. 

Marion had one hand on my back and noticed she was jerking Bruce's cock off with her other hand. Bruce started to kiss her tit as I gave him room. 

"Are you enjoying this Marion?" I asked. 

"Oh yes," was her answer, "fuck me , fuck me hard. It feels so good." 

I said to Marion "You think it feels good, wait till Bruce gets that big cock in you." 

She did not say any thing but kept jerking him off. 

"Do you want to fuck him now don't you?" I asked her. 

"I don't know. What if Sheila finds out?" She said. 

"Who is going to tell her? I asked. "You are not going to tell her, aren't you Bruce?" 

"No way am I going to tell if I get to fuck you," Bruce said Marion. 

"So is it agreed on that Bruce fucks you after I get done, Honey?" I asked Marion. 

"Yes, I want to fuck him and you too. Now fuck me good and hard. Oh fuck me." 

After about 15 minutes of fucking Marion, I started to cum. I drove my cock in hard and rest with it spurting in her. Marion was on the pill so no danger of her getting pregnant. I slowly rolled off Marion and kiss her rubbing a breast. 

"I guess it is your turn," I said to Bruce. Bruce asked her if it was ok. 

"Yes. Come on and fuck me. Fuck me good. Just be slow at first." She said.

Bruce got between he legs and slowly rubbed his cock up and down her pussy. I reached down and lifted her right leg up as I sat up to watch and Bruce's hard cock slowly started to enter her pussy. 

Marion just smiled as he put it the way in. "Oh my," she said, "it is so fucking big. Slow pump for a bit. Oh yeas, it feels so fucking good." 

After Bruce slowly pumped Marion's pussy, he started to pick up his speed. 

"Oh you have a hot pussy. Feels so good," he said.

"Fuck me good. Fuck me, oh yes, fuck me hard," Marion said. 

Bruce really started to fuck fast and hard. He caught both her legs and raised them up to his shoulders as he fucked her and Marion was making noises as well as Bruce. 

This went on for 15 or 20 minutes. 

"Oh shit, I'm going to cum," Bruce said. 

"Me too," Marion said. "Do it, but put it out, Bruce. Oh fuck it's great." 

Bruce gave her about 3 hard rams and then kind of laid on her butt to the side. He finally rolled off her and his big cock flopped to his one side. Marion grabbed both our cocks as we just rested.

"How was that?" I asked Marion. 

"I loved it. Maybe we can do that again before Bruce has to leave," Marion said to me. 

I said, "well in maybe 20 more minutes you can suck both us hard for another fuck. It is up to you. Bruce would go for another fuck." 

"Yes I would," he said, "ready when you two are." 

Marion got on her knees and started to suck my cock. I started to get hard thinking we were going to fuck her again. Marion then started to suck Bruce's cock and as it got hard she smiled and said," it looks like we are ready." 

I told Marion to sit on Bruce's cock and fuck him. Marion straddled Bruce's cock and slid down on it. As she fucked him I got behind her and rubbed her back. I watched Bruce's cock stretch Marion's pussy as it slid in and out of her pussy. I rubbed her pussy as she fucked Bruce, so as to get my finger wet. I then slowly pushed it in her ass. Marion stopped fucking for a second then bend more forward and went back to fucking Bruce. I finally got 2 fingers in her ass. As she slowly fucked Bruce I asked Marion, "are you ok? This feel good?" 

Marion nodded yes and kept going. I took my other hand and spit in it and rubbed the spit on my cock. I had never tried to fuck Marion's ass before but I was going to try now for the first time. I made sure I had my cock all lubed up and then moved my cock near her ass where my 2 fingers were. I pulled my 2 fingers out and put the head of my cock against her ass. It started to slide in her ass. I could not believe it was tight. Marion stopped fucking Bruce as I moved in deeper. 

"Oh this is so good," I said. "You still ok with it?" I asked Marion. 

"Yes, just be slow. What do I do? Do I move or do you?" Marion asked. 

Bruce moved up against her and I could feel his cock moving inside her. I slowly moved in and out at the same time. We both got a rhythm going. Bruce picked up his pace as I tried to stay slow and easy. After about 5 minutes I pulled my cock out and came all over her ass. I rolled over to my back and watched as Bruce rolled Marion over and pulled his cock out. 

"Get on your knees," Bruce told Marion. 

"You can't fuck my ass with that big thing," she giggled.

"I am not going to. I go to fuck you doggie style," Bruce told Marion. 

Marion got up on her knees as Bruce moved behind her. He put his cock in her and started to fuck her. As he fucked her, Marion looked over at me and smiled. She looked like she was enjoying this. She came over to me and kissed me as Bruce fucked her. After what seemed forever, Bruce finally slammed Marion's pussy about 4 or 5 times before pulling out of her and laying down. 

We all rested about a half hour. Bruce got up and washed his cock off and got dressed. 

"Well did everybody have fun?" I asked. 

Bruce said, "man, I wish we could do that again. Marion you are a good fuck, better then Sheila really." 

"I did enjoy it all. I would never had done this but I guess I got carried away. Maybe again some time we will try it. Remember, nobody says anything about this." 

Bruce left for his business and coming back he split out with Sheila.

Of course we had other threesomes with him. My mother was an angel taking our kids frequently as well as Marion's sister. 

Bruce had my wife in our garden, in our bedroom even in two or three short trips we had with him. And that was not all.