 We're in the back seat of my car — a '66 Chrysler — a car with a broad, soft and very wide seats. We're outside the city limits, on a turn-off road in total isolation, with the moon and stars overhead, and the sounds of a brook and nearby crickets are louder than the far-off highway. We came here on our date, to talk, to kiss, to romance and listen to music on the radio. I am wearing jeans, a soft flannel shirt with a blue plaid pattern. My body is clean and my skin warm and the muscles sensuously move beneath it. You are in a short soft, furry sweater, buttoning up the front, a white pleated skirt, and your hair tied back with a pink ribbon. You wear no hose, just ankle high socks inside of your black mary janes. Your perfume is light, sweet, and maddeningly inviting. You're wearing almost no make up, and your eyes sparkle in the moonlight. You see the same shining light of romantic passion in my eyes and taste it in the hunger of my lips as we kiss.

My body shift toward yours on the bench seat, and your mind grumbles at the uncomfortable way that human bodies are designed, ("If only we swiveled at the hips; we could press together more closely!" ) you think. Your hands press flat against the warmth of my shoulders, I seem larger around the back than you remember, and you pull my body to yours as we press our lips together in an endless, ever more exciting and thrilling kiss. You feel my tongue touching your lips, pushing at the opening ("He's trying to kiss-kiss me!" ) you think with a thrill that is half-fear, and half willing abandon. Abandon wins out, and my tongue is welcomed into your mouth; you feel it, taste it, nip it with your teeth and wrap your lips around it, gently sucking at it. Your own tongue, innocent and shy, slowly waits it's turn to enter my mouth, and you feel me moan softly with desire as you give your tongue to me.

We slide our arms, shoulders and bodies to more comfortable positions together; leaning back against the corner of the seat back and the car interior, the open windows venting our bodies' heat out into the cool night air. You look up into my eyes, feeling the animal need coming from deep within me; your eyes, your face, your lips, give the open innocence of a young woodland creature, a rabbit or fawn, looking upward with curiosity and surrender. We kiss, and you feel my fingers in your hair, allowing the countless strands to fall like rain through my fingers. My hands gently move down your neck to your shoulders behind you; my chest is pressed against you, and you feel hair from my chest against your bare skin at the open V of your sweater. My arm is around you, and you feel my free hand move slowly around your body, palm pressed against the back of your ribs, then at your side, then resting gently in front, on your sweater, just below your breast. Your mind swims in the combined sensations of my lips on yours, the feel of my hot muscular arm about your, and the inquisitive hand on your body, wanting to stroke, to explore, to feel you.

You close your eyes, press deeply into my kiss, and slide your body imperceptibly downward, bringing your breast to my hand. I freeze for an instant, then tentatively begin to cup and press my hand on your breast. Eyes still closed, you moan low, as if in a pleasant dream, and my hand increases its exploration of you. I begin to feel you with deliberateness, massaging and lightly pinching your skin through the bra and sweater that you wear. You feel your nipple hardening from my sensual touch, and let go of my mouth long enough to look into my eyes, breathing a sigh of passionate longing, longing for more, and more, of this wonderful feeling. My fingers stroke their way up to your bare skin at the neck of your sweater, and your close your eyes to concentrate on the feeling. My fingertips curl under the material, finding more skin, hidden from my sight, but available to my touch. Your mouth forms a silent "yes", and I move my fingers deeper into your sweater until my fingers can reach no farther. 

I move downward to kiss you, and you feel my fingers work the top button through its hole, the thought of me opening your blouse, of freeing your body to my eyes is beyond thrilling. You pull my face closer into your kiss, as you lower your body to allow my hands to move more freely. The button comes loose, and you feel me reach for the next. I stop after the third and slowly spread the front of your sweater to feel your hot, naked skin. You feel my fingers reach your bra, and as your chest rises and falls — rapidly, with longing — you feel me work my fingers into the cup and my fingertips stroke your nipple. You lose control for a moment and break our kiss, pulling your face to my neck, gasping for air with passion that threatens to stop your breathing. I stiffen in your arms and you hear me whisper, "Should I stop?"You hoarsely breathe,"NO. I'm just trembling, please don't stop!" you pull your face around to mine and kiss me greedily, devouring my lips and tongue. You feel the remaining buttons slip out from their holes, and your sweater falls back, away from your chest and stomach. 

Your arms around my neck hold you up, as my hands hungrily stroke, press, massage and feel your body. Your mind swirls with the truth; that I am feeling your body for my own, and your pleasure. You feel the cups of your bra lifted and your bare tits fall exposed into my waiting palms, you press your tits to me, feeling the nipples harden against the warm, damp palms of my hands. I move a hand around to your back, but feel no clasp, you take my hand and guide it to the center of your chest where your bra unhooks, and feel me softly open it, allowing it to spring apart, freeing your hot flesh. My hands immediately cup your naked tits, and squeeze them gently, massaging the hot, clean-smelling skin. I hold your nude breasts in both hands as my thumbs circle and stroke your erect nipples, flicking them back and forth. Our kiss parts, your head is filled with a buzzing and you feel like you're floating on a cloud. We look into each other's eyes and you watch my gaze travel down to your naked chest; you pant and my eyes grow wide at the experience, my eyes first seeing your bare breasts, and you letting yourself be seen. We're both excited beyond speech.

Your fingers grab the front of my shirt and begin frantically unbuttoning it, pulling it out of my jeans, exposing hot, bare skin. When you have it open, you pull me to you even as I struggle to shrug it off of my shoulders; pressing your naked chest to mine, wrapping your arms around my torso, wanting to feel skin against skin, arms around shoulders, nipples touching nipples. I push your sweater all the way off your arms and allow it to fall to the seat behind you; you shrug your bra off of your body, showing me your topless beauty as you slowly reach up and around my neck. You bring a leg up to my side, kicking off your shoe as you do so, and we feel the rustling as your skirt slides up your thigh. My hand finds your thigh, and we pull closer, moving together, your leg crossing my lap and my hand sliding to the inside of your thigh. Your eyes are heavy-lidded with desire, your breath a sensuous pant, as you feel (and will) my hand travel up the inside of your thigh. ("He'll be stroking my pussy",) you think ("I want to have his hand on my cunt, and have him finger my clit.") my fingers stoke with excruciating slowness up inside your skirt. You feel the tickling, tingling feeling as I approach your panties, now drenched with the flowing juices of your pussy.

I reach your waist, and stroke you through your panties, following the lines of the waistband and leg holes, then curling under to feel your bare skin underneath. You shift on my lap to allow me greater access to your slit, and I put my hand directly on your hot pussy lips. You gasp with lust and kiss me hard, raking your nails across my back and chest, and stroking my nipples. I gently remove my hand from your snatch, and take one of your hands and guide it to my lap. You feel the long shape of my erect cock pressing hotly against the material of my jeans. ("He's making me feel it!") You've heard your girlfriends talk about touching, feeling, freeing their boyfriends cocks, even making them cum, but nothing prepared you for the erotic thrill of having my hand press yours on my stiff shaft. You grab, stroke, and rub the thickness of it, even feeling dampness at the end of it ("That doesn't mean he's cum already does it?") you think ("no, I think he would have said something, he's just as excited as I am.") your hand finds the button and zipper of my jeans, and you feel the thrill you give me as you open my jeans and reach inside for my cock.

I shift on the seat to allow you to open my pants fully and free my throbbing cock. As you work the shaft out of the confines of my clothing, you feel the incredible thickness of it, the huge swollen head, and feel the heat, the softness of the skin surrounding the shaft, and the slipperiness of the cum leaking out of the head. You grab it and stroke it up and down in your hand, pumping it, feeling it, letting the sensation of your first naked cock drive you insane with lust. My hands roam freely over your body, feeling your tits and softly massaging your wet pussy lips and clit. I slide down the side zipper on your skirt, and pull it off your body, down over your slender, beautiful legs, then reach up to take your panties by the waistband and pull them off you. You watch intently as I take from you the last of your clothing, making you naked with the theft of your soaked panties. You reach out for me, sitting sideways on the seat, legs spread, opening your most secret place, your pussy, for anything I want to do. As I shift sideways toward you, you pull my jeans down, exposing my hips, my thighs, my legs, and looking at my hard cock the whole time. This stranger mesmerizes you; a part of my body, but a very new thing to you, yet still, something you want to get to know very well. You pull my naked body to yours, your hand still encircling my cock. Many times in the past, when staying at your best friend's house, you knelt silently at the keyhole to her brother's door, and watched him stroking himself as he looked at a Playboy magazine. As you watched, you memorized the long, fast strokes holding the loose skin around the shaft tightly in his fist, and the feather-soft minute strokes just at the rim of the head. Many times you watched this happen, and every time got hotter and hotter as you watched your friend's brother bring himself to orgasm, hardly breathing as his semen shot wildly straight into the air from his stiff cock.

You laying on your back, legs spread on the seat, my body supported by my knees and one elbow as I finger your spread-open cunt. My fingers massage gently the soft lips and my thumb circles your erect clit. I begin to press a finger up into your wet pussy, but your eyes narrow and you say, "No -- I don't want your finger to be the first thing in there." You watch me pant as though suddenly unable to draw breath, and my cock swells even greater in your hand. You begin to stroke it unconsciously just as you've seen your friend's brother do. I sway back and forth, and my eyes close with uncontrollable desire. "If you don't stop that, I'm going to...to...to come"

"I want you to" you breathe softly, "All over everywhere!" I open my eyes and bend down to kiss you. You arch your back as I lay my hand on your breast, and you begin to strongly and sensuously stroke my hard cock. You hold my face in your other hand, loving the total control you suddenly feel over me. You pump my naked dick faster as you see the lust building in me, you know your hand has complete control, yet you can't wait to see it end in an explosion of my cum, squirting all over your belly, tits, and arm. You rake your nails down my chest and hear my breath hissing out of me, I'm as excited giving up control as you are taking it. You slow your hand and gently circle the head of my cock; it seems a big as your fist, with your thumb and fingers, and massage, with the slightest pressure, the rim of the head. My entire body strains at the erotic thrill of my girlfriend jerking me off, waiting to feel me shoot off all over her, and you lower your hand back down, grasp the shaft, and wildly begin to jack me off.

My eyes fly open, you've put me on the plateau instantly, and I have no control, I'm only waiting to be pulled over the edge. I try to hold my cum back, but your erotic masturbation is too much and I suddenly lose all control, squirting huge, thick ropes of cum that splatter across your bare belly and arch up over your tits and reach your throat. The feeling you have is a blanket of hot, sticky cum covering you, and you continue to pump my naked prick, milking the clean-smelling sperm from my balls until I grab your hand and stop you from over-exciting my cock. I melt into your arms, French kissing you hotly, wanting you badly. My semen coats our bodies and we make sticky sounds as we slide together and apart, feeling each other's naked bodies with our own. "That was SO much cum!" you manage to say. "You had me so excited; I've never shot so much before."

"Will you be able to cum again?"

"Yes, but not for a little while!" you run your fingers through my hair, stroking, feeling, grasping. You hold me no longer as a boyfriend; I'm now yours, I belong to you, and you know it. And you want to exert your ownership even further.

You feel your hungry cunt aching for my touch again, and bring my shaking hand to your mouth and kiss it, then pass it down along your body to your wet snatch. I bring myself up to kiss you and you feel sticky cum on my chin where it rubbed off from your throat. You run your tongue down to taste my spunk, loving the feeling, the flavor, the heat, but mostly, loving the thought of yourself drinking my cum. You lick my neck and upper chest clean of my jizm, and scoop it off of your tits, licking your fingers clean, much to my erotic delight. I move my own body down to suck at your nipples, and gently kiss and nibble your tits, as my fingers work their magic on your anxious, naked pussy. You feel me move further down your body, and look down to realize, ("He's going to eat me!") 

You watch, breathless as my head moves down, then close your eyes and lean back as you feel my breath on your wet pussy. You tremble with desire as my tongue first touches your pussy lips, your hands find the back of my head and you spread your legs to be eaten as you push down on my head to hold me between your legs. This feels so incredible, so erotic, so thrilling, so fucking sexy that you can't, you won't let it end without cumming. You spread your legs wider and arch your hips up to give me your snatch more completely, feeling my fingers gently spread your pussy lips and your clit getting sucked into my mouth. Your whole body shakes with the need of the orgasm you know is coming. Your breath is a ragged hoarse gasp, your fingernails dig into my scalp, and you force your pussy closer to my mouth. You feel me spread your ass apart, and your eyes search the ceiling wondering why, until you feel my breath on your hole. ("He's going to tongue my ass!") You can't believe the sensations as my hot tongue slowly enters it and my tongue slowly fucks your hot, virgin ass. You're a trembling mass of lust, you barely manage to pull my head back up to your cunt and before you can plead with me to finish your cunt, I have sucked your clit back into my mouth.

Your hands lock in place behind my head, your legs unconsciously tighten around my neck, and your lips pull back, baring your teeth in a silent scream as the orgasm explodes from your pussy out in all directions. Your back arches and your head lifts up and hammers down on the car seat, then whips back and forth as your hotly eaten pussy screams with sexual fulfillment. You buck, pant, and drive my face against your pelvis, fucking my tongue, needing my lips on you, my sucking of you hot clit. You want this forever, now, tomorrow, every day and night you want this, first thing in the morning, last thing at night, you want me to please you. You pull me up onto your body, needing to feel my cock on your stomach, my chest on yours, to taste your pussy on my mouth and to share the taste of my cum with me. You rub your snatch against the base of my cock, your orgasm subsiding, but not over. As my arms brace myself, your legs spread around me ("I'm spreading for him — I always want to do that!") and your hand finds my still rigid cock, and you wonder how long I can stay hard, how long you can keep me that way. Your hips lift from the seat, bringing your pussy to me, and you kiss the huge head of my cock with your cunt lips. Your lust, your need for more sex, your insatiable desire to please and be pleased speaks to me from an elemental, animal part of you. You gently whisper, your eyes wide and swimming with desire, "Fuck me."

You see the effect of the words on me immediately; my breath stops short, my cock in your hands jerks uncontrollably, my eyes look unbelievingly at the totality of your lust. "Fuck Me." you repeat, feeling more confidant and more excited each time you hear your voice say it. "You know you want it... tell me you want it" My dry mouth clicks as I struggle to talk. "I want you."

"What do you want?" it's a game to you now, to make me say it, "You don't get what you don't ask for..." I'm panting with lust, able to say the words, but so taken with the eroticism of your words that I'm stumbling with it. You slowly stroke my head back and forth across the wet lips of your snatch, stroking yourself, your clit with my cock. Your eyes narrow wickedly, loving the control. "I want you..." I stammer, losing breath, unable to continue; you know, but play with me some more. "What do you want, some of this?" your hand spreads your pussy lips apart and inserts my cock a half-inch into you, making us both gasp with pleasure. 

I take a breath, kiss you hard, and look deep into your eyes. "I want your pussy. I want you to spread your hot legs so I can fuck you — fuck you like you want it; my hard cock deep inside of you. You want my hard cock so deep inside your hot pussy, and you want it right now!" Your eyes show your naked lust, your loss of control, and you barely manage to guide me into your hot cunt as I push in slowly. "OH! GOD YES! FUCK ME! FUCK ME JUST LIKE THAT! YES, YES, YES! DON'T STOP FUCKING ME! FUCK ME AS DEEP AS YOU CAN!" My cock penetrates you with incredible slowness, the swollen walls of your cunt offering great resistance to my entry, wet though you are. Your hands reach down and your fingernails dig deep into my ass pulling my cock into you, your legs spread wider and your hips reach up to fuck me back.

I rise up on my hands, your arms wrapped around mine, you bring one hand to your mouth and you suck your finger sensuously for me. "Want me to do that to you sometime? I will, whenever you want!" My legs are wrapped around yours on the seat, our juices covering everything. Your pussy is incredibly tight, so tight that every stroke fucking in and out of you threatens to cause us both to orgasm. We look deep into each other's eyes as slowly, sensuously we fuck each other. Your eyes look down between us to watch my thick shaft penetrating your hungry pussy, your lips swallow it whole. "I didn't think it could fit me!" you gasp, "but it feels sooooo good!" You push your hands against the side of the car and force your cunt further onto me, your clit grinding against the base of my cock. I move foreword, rolling around, stroking my cock back and forth against your hips as we slowly fuck, gradually building up speed and tension. "Yes, you fuck so good!" Your eyes are lust-filled; your whole body is fucking me back. "I love how tight you are, you've got the greatest pussy I could imagine" Your hands find my shoulders and you pull me down into a kiss, my cock pistoning in and out of your inflamed cunt. "Don't ever jack off again, I want your cum in me or on me whenever you're horny. Just call and I'll cum over and fuck you like this any time you want it!" My breath becomes shallow; my body buries my cock deeper into you. "Yes, fuck me deeply! Feel my cunt sucking at your naked cock; get ready to shoot into me, I want your whole load of cum in my pussy!" 
