 Special love to Candice and Bridgeburner!

Thanks for all your help!




I was lying in bed, depressed one morning and my best friend Tori sent me a text message about making some money, so I immediately called her.

"Would you like a job," Tori said. "The office where I work is hiring a new secretary and I recommended you."

"Yes, I would love to come to work with you." I replied. Tori is my best friend, so working with her would be very cool. 

We agreed to meet the next day, and she took me to work. On the way, she told me about the people I would be working with, giving me a brief description of each person. 

When we got to the shop we got out of the car, and a couple of guys walked up to us. She introduced me to them, and we went in to the break room as our first stop of the tour. I put my things down and looked up and saw this guy, who was sexy as hell. He looked over at me, and I smiled at him. I then looked at Tori and asked who he was.

"Mark, could you come here for a sec?" Tori asked him. I looked up and saw this gorgeous man walking toward us, looking at me and gave me this incredible smile. His whole face lit up. He wiped his hand off and stuck it out.

"Hi, I'm Mark, and it's nice to meet you." he told me.

I took his hand and shook it. "Hi, I'm Autumn. It's nice to meet you," I told him, with my most dazzling smile. I knew from what Tori had told me on the way to work that morning that he was, in fact, married with a couple of kids, so I didn't figure I had a chance. 

I should describe myself to you. I am 5'6" tall, slender (I wear a size 4 in jeans and dresses), and wear a 34D bra. My hair is blond on top, and brown on bottom, and I have sky blue eyes. I am a very outgoing person, which is why I love working with the public. I have been married for almost 3 years, although I had been thinking about leaving my husband, and had already talked to a friend of mine about renting a trailer from him. So I had already planned on leaving. The way I looked at it, I was fair game. But I am choosy, and I wasn't openly flirting with anyone, nor was I looking for anyone. It just happened that way.

A week or so went by, and working at an office in a auto and diesel repair garage, I got hit on left and right. But none that I was really interested in. So I just told them that I was married, and left it at that.

During this first week, I got to know Mark. It was tax season, and we were all pulling long hours in the office, and the mechanics were pulling long hours in the garage, so we were all work late to get stuff done. All of us basically had breakfast, lunch, and dinner together, and I kind of developed a small crush on Mark. He had manners, he was sexy as hell, and had a terrific personality and a great sense of humor. so I mentioned to Tori that I had the hot's for someone.

"Who?" She asked me.

"Mark," I replied. 

"Autumn, you need to be careful with that one. He's married. That could get dangerous." She told me.

"I know. But for the love of the Goddess, I want his ass bad!" I groaned.

She gave me a disapproving look and went back to her work.

"Hey, I never said I would do it, I just said that I thought he was hot." I told her. I knew her feelings on dating married men, so I should have just kept my mouth shut in the first place. But I wasn't about to let her feelings stop me. Now I had to figure out how I was gonna go about it. I wasn't sure how to approach him about it, or even if I would act on it at all. 

"Autumn, can you handle payroll for the week?" Tori asked me.

"Sure," I replied. 

I grabbed the time cards, and had to talk to Mark about his. I walked out of the office into the shop area, and tracked him down. I got the payroll question out of the way, and were just chatting, and as I turned to walk away, he made an off handed comment about my ass. Well, I was completely shocked. I turned back around to face him. Here I was, trying to come up with a way of letting him know that I was interested, and he was hitting on me! So I decided to put him on the spot.

"Mark, are you flirting with me?" I asked him.

"Maybe a little," he replied.

"No, sweetie, you don't flirt a little. You either flirt, or you don't." I told him. I wanted to see what he would say, and I was getting moist. 

"Then I guess I am," he said, looking me in my eyes, he gave me a smile, making me melt inside.

Then I thought about the consequences of my actions, and decided to be a good girl.

"I'm flattered, Mark. I really am. But we're married. And I just don't think it would be a good idea." I told him.

The rest of the day, I couldn't get him out of my mind. Every time I thought about him, I would get wet. So I decided what the hell, go for it. At least I might get a decent lay out of it, and I can always break it off if it gets to be to much for us to handle. So my next problem was how I was going to let him know that I had changed my mind. As it turned out, I didn't have to wait long at all. 

The next day, Mark went on a service call. Now, when I first went to work, I got all of the mechanics cell numbers for parts runs, so I had his phone number. I stepped outside and called him to see if he had text messaging. He did, so I told him I had something to tell him that I couldn't risk being overheard, so instead of sending him a message saying I had changed my mind, I sent him a message asking if he would let me know when he was almost done. I waited until I got his reply, and when it came in, I took my lunch break. I left the shop, and while I was driving around, I called him and asked him if he could meet me at the store. He said yes, and we continued to talk on the phone. At that time, I really didn't know how I was going to let him know I had changed my mind, but I tend to be a very blunt person, so when he pulled up, I got out of the car. The thing I loved about this office is that it was casual, and we could wear jeans. I generally wear tight jeans, and when I got out of the car, I realized I had left my drink in the car, so I opened up the door, and purposely bent over in front of him to pick up my drink. I looked over my shoulder to see if he was looking, and he was. I shut the car door and walked over to him smiling.

"Hey, I have a question I want to ask you. Were you serious about hitting on me yesterday?" I asked.

"Yeah," he told me. He then looked in my eyes, and I moved closer to him. I put one hand around his waist, the other hand on the back of his head, leaned in and our lips met. It was soft in the beginning, but as the kiss got deeper and our tongues started massaging each other, he put his hand on my face and then around my neck as my hand traveled up his chest. As we continued to kiss, my hands went up his back as I pulled him closer to me. Now, my pussy was getting very, very wet. Me and my husband had been having problems for quite some time, and we hadn't been having sex at all, and it had been a long time since I had been kissed like that. He gently bit my lip as we parted, and I told him that I had changed my mind. I even thought about jumping him right then and there, I was so turned on.

"I kinda figured that." He started laughing a little. We chatted for a few more minutes, and he had to leave. Needless to say, I was extremely horny by this point.

I started sending him really graphic text messages, telling his how I was going to go down on him, and how we were going to fuck each other's brains out. We replied back and forth, both trying to top the other in how graphic the messages were. I walked around the shop for a week with wet panties. We finally made plans to rent a motel room after work one Friday, and he wound up having to work late, so we had to postpone. 

I had asked him earlier in the week if he would put a new door handle on for me the following Sunday, and he said that he would. I called him that morning, and asked if he would like to hang out for awhile after he got done, and he said yes. So I met him at the shop, and he got the handle on for me. I sent him a text telling him where I would be when I left, and he met me there. I left my car and drove off with him. 

"So, where are we going?" I asked him.

"There's this place I go fishing at that's really secluded. I thought it would be nice to go there. We wouldn't have to worry about being seen," Mark said.

"That sounds good," I said.

So we were driving and talking about stuff, and I rested my hand on the inside of his thigh. He looked at me and smiled, and I smiled back. I wanted him so bad by this time, I was about to explode. 

We got to the pond and parked. We were talking, and I turned the volume down and started playing on my phone as a way of calming my nerves, and I didn't wanna be interrupted when we did get started. For some reason, I felt like a teenage virgin again. He finally took my phone from me, and that's when the fun began. 

He put his hand gently on my cheek, and leaned in to kiss me. When our tongues met, it was like a jolt of electricity. My hand went to the back of his neck and I squeezed his side tightly with my other hand and pulled him close to me. We broke apart, he pulled my top off, and our lips met again. He massaged my breast with one hand, while his other hand was on the back of my head gently pulling my hair. With one hand, he unclasped my bra, and pulled it off. We began to kiss again.

"Take off your pants," I told him. He looked at me and smiled.

He undid his belt, and pulled down his pants, and out popped one of the biggest cocks I had ever seen. He had sent me a picture of it one morning, but I had no idea it was actually that big in person. I pulled his shirt off, and as we began kissing again I wrapped my hand around his dick and started to move up and down. I thought about how I was going to give this guy a decent blow job. I am pretty good when it comes to giving head, I love to do it, but I've really never went down on a guy who was that big. But I figured I would give it my best shot. So, I broke away from him, kissing my way down his chest, continuing to move my hand up and down. Mark's breathing was getting heavy, and I knew he wanted his dick in my mouth, so I decided to give him want he wanted, and put it there. I softly kissed the head, licked all around, then put him in my mouth. "Take off your pants," he said. I raised my head up, and as I put my hand to my button on my pants, he stopped me, and moved my hand, then started to unbutton and unzip my pants. He grabbed one side and I grabbed the other side and we pulled my jeans off together. 

"I want to taste you," I told him. My hand was moving up and down his dick, I lowered my head, and put his huge cock in my mouth. As he moaned softly, I went down as far as I could, slowly going back up with my tongue flicking and circling around the head. He grabbed my hair and moaned. I continued going up and down with my tongue circling his head. My hand kept going up and down, with my head matching my hand movements. Mark's breathing was getting heavier and heavier, as his hands were massaging my head, ever so gently pulling my hair. I was having a wonderful time sucking his cock, but by this time I was dripping wet, and wanted him as deep inside me as he could go.

"I wanna ride you," I told him.

"Come on baby," he told me. "Get on it."

Now we were still in the front seat of his car, but I didn't care. So I decided to go for it. I really didn't know if I could take it all, but I was really turned on, and I was definitely ready to try. I pulled my jeans the rest of the way off, and looked in his eyes. He pulled me to him, and our lips met again. His tongue did a kind of dance with mine, and my pussy started to flood. I pulled away from him, and moved my leg. I swung my other leg over him, positioned the head of his glorious cock at the opening of my swollen hole, and gently lowered myself onto him. I went down about 5 inches, and went back up again. Our eyes locked as my body moved down farther onto his dick, I could feel the first tinglings of an orgasm starting. I had him almost all the way in, but had to go back up again. The next time I went down, he drove himself entirely inside me, moving and grinding his hips. I moaned, begging him not to stop. He kept on going, and I screamed as I came for the first time in 6 months. 

"Yeah, baby. Cum for me. I feel you getting hotter," he said to me, as my juices showered his dick. I finished my orgasm, I started to move up and down on his cock again. We were holding on to each other, tongues dancing around each other, my ass moving up and down.

"I'm almost ready to cum," he said. I slowed down, and told him I wanted him from behind. We got into the back seat, and I looked back at him.

"Tear this pussy up like you own it baby. Make it hurt," I begged.

"I do own this pussy," he replied as he rubbed the head of his dick around my clit.

"Yeah you do. It's all yours," I said breathlessly, and meant every word. He put the head just barely in. 

"Please don't tease me, I need you." I told him.

"Are you sure?" Mark said.

"Oh my God, yes. Mark baby, please put it in deep." I told him.

I was so wet, when he grabbed my hips, he plunged his dick deep inside of me. He continued to pound his cock into me over and over again, and I felt another climax rip through my body. 

"I'm gonna cum baby," Mark told me.

"So am I," I replied, as my body started to shake. I could hear his breathing getting shorter as he pounded me harder and harder with each thrust. After a few more strokes, he started to moan, and he started grinding me as he came, which threw me straight into my climax. We both moaned as we came together, our bodies moving as one. 

When we finished he laid his head on my back, and put his arms around my waist. I put my head down on the seat while he held me tightly. 

"We have to move," I told him. 

"I know, but I don't want to," he said to me. He kissed my back as he got up and pulled his still hard dick out of me. I got a towel to wipe off with, and noticed a puddle of cum on the leather seat, pointing it out, laughing. 

We both dried off, and got dressed. On the way back to my car, we discussed the possibilities of it being a one-time thing, or possibly an on-going affair. We decided to let things go one day at a time, and see where it went from there. 

We arrived back at my car, and I leaned over and gave him a sexy kiss. I sat back in the seat, and prepared to get my things together.

"Any regrets?" He asked.

I looked him straight in the eyes and replied, "Not a one. What about you?" 

"No," he told me.

"I'll see you at work tomorrow." I said.

"Drive safe, and have a good night." He said to me.

"You've already made my night good," I said, smiling to him.

"Good, I'm glad." he said, and smiled back at me. 

I leaned in, and kissed him again, and told him goodbye. 

I got into my car, picked up my phone to turn up the volume, and saw that I had multiple missed calls, text messages, and a voicemail from Tori. I didn't have time to think about her all through my day with Mark. I felt a sense of guilt, because this was serious and I needed my best friend to talk to, but I knew what her feelings were, so I decided to keep it from her. I gave it some thought, came up with an excuse, and called her back.

"Hi honey! Where were you? I was looking for you all day." Tori asked me.

"I'm sorry, girl, I was busy I needed some time for myself. I'm definitely leaving my husband." I told her.

"So you've decided on a divorce?" She asked me.

"Yeah, I think so. It's not working out, and if I continue to stay, I'll just be torturing myself." I said.

"Well, that's up to you. If it does you good, then you gotta do it girl." Tori told me. "I could've gone with you and kept you company."

"Thanks. I love you girl. I'll promise I'll call you next time I go out." I said to her.

"You know I had planned a better Sunday for you. Movies, shopping, food," Tori said. (I already had an even better Sunday.)

"My day could've been worse." I said. "Like I said, I really needed the time to myself. Next time, let me know and I won't mess up the plans," I told her.

"I will, I just wanted to surprise you." she said into the phone.

"Where are you now?" she asked.

"On the road, driving back home." I replied.

"Okay. Good night Autumn. Drive safe." (She sounded like Mark!)

"Have a good night sweetie. I'll see you at work in the morning." I said to her.

We blew kisses and disconnected. 

Mark, marriage, my best friend...I have so many things to think about...I smiled as I continued to drive home. It was gonna be fun to see how it all played out. 

I have plenty more where this came from, the next story is about me and Mark in a motel room. We finally did make it to one! Thanks for taking the time to read my story, and if you like it, don't forget to rate it! :-)

Thanks,

Autumn