 19 year old Brecon Storm is a tall man, standing six foot two. But it was mostly all leg. His torso is slightly shorter than it should be to match his long legs but it didn't affect anything really. His mousy-brown hair is kept relatively short. His eyes were unusual in that the pupils were more like a slit than rounded, the pale blue iris ringed by a band of deeper blue. Most girls and a few boys would say he had a handsome face but in his modesty Brecon thought himself rather plain. It was the same with his body. He saw a lanky lad with a thin frame were the world saw a toned, semi-muscular build, kept in shape by his Cross Country Running and the fact he was Swimming Champion at the college he was now a Second Year Student at. 

Brecon has only a couple of close friends, preferring to spend his time alone. He was not always this way but two years ago, his life had changed. His parents, returning from one of his Father's business trips, had died in a collision with a truck on an icy bend. After that, he had sunk into depression and become quiet and reserved. His new personality had forced his girlfriend of 8 months away and set him back at college. Unable to support himself, his Father's Sister, Aunt Loren Crescent had taken him in. She lived on the opposite side of the country with her two daughters, Faun and Teena. This also meant he changed colleges, starting first year again, but this time he joined both a Sports and a Science Course.

Besides sports and model collecting, Brecon has no real hobbies and is not very social. Only his cousins and close friends can properly get him to join in with activities and even then not for long. All the straight girls at the new college had a thing for Brecon, but he hadn't noticed. He was too wrapped up in his studies and depression to notice. Although, he did sleep with one of them, Chloe Brooks, but only by pure accident due to circumstance.

Well, that wasn't entirely true. He had eyes for only one person but it was a taboo crush. The five foot four, smoking hot science teacher, Jennifer 'Jenny' Montana. He had liked her from the first day he had met her. She was everything he could want in a woman; curvy, seductive, great smile, large breasts, long legs, perfectly toned. But he knew he would never have her. She was a teacher, he a student. However, as the first year of college rolled on, he had started to suspect she may have feelings for him to; quick glances, high marks, understanding when he was late with coursework, given more freedom for creativeness than the others. The hints were subtle though, and he believed he was imagining things.

But his opinion had been changed dramatically an hour ago. It was Friday 12th September, the last day of the first week of Second Year. The weather had been scorching all week and temperatures and tempers where rising. A fight had broken out in the last class of the afternoon, not five minutes before the College day would have ended. The fight had been between two resident hard-heads but Brecon had been caught in the middle. The other two had been sent for detention elsewhere but Miss Montana had kept him with her, wanting to apparently punish him herself. He had thought his hopes with her lost but instead she had used 'Detention' as a cunning ploy to get them alone.

She had revealed her true feelings for him and what had followed was an hour of passionate bliss, neither able to resist the other. After they had had their fill of each other, Brecon had realised he had missed his bus home, but Jenny had planned this too, telling Brecon he was to spend the night at hers so he wouldn't turn up home stinking of their love making.

Right now, Brecon sat in the passenger seat of Jenny's Mazda RX8, watching her every movement as she expertly handled the spritely sports car along the back roads out of the city. His eyes soaked up every detail from her damp hair clinging to her angelic face, down across her hastily buttoned top which showed her bare chest beneath, to her long, bare legs working the car's pedals. Ooo he longed to have her legs work his pedals again.

As her car had been parked just out back of the Science Block and no-one else had been around, the pair had not bothered to dress completely, only undergarments and a shirt each, running with the rest to the car. They had jumped in and made out, their tongues and lips locked together for several minutes before Jenny broke the contact and had driven out of the college's rear car-park.

Brecon couldn't resist any longer. He leant over and began to kiss the left side of her neck and the fingers of his right hand danced across her left thigh. Jenny giggled and squirmed trying to keep the car steady while responding to his touch.

"Brecon, stop, you're going to cause an accident."

When he sat back with a mock sad expression, she laughed. He grinned, unable to keep up the pouted lips and frown in light of her contagious happiness.

"Don't worry, stud," she breathed, stroking his crotch with her left hand, "Not long till we'll be home now."

Even though she had stopped Brecon sighed and relaxed at the feel of her touch. He looked out the front for the first time to see where they where. He had a sudden shock. He recognised the hedges and fields whizzing past. This was the route the bus out to his Aunt's house took. His shoulders slumped and his face fell. Maybe she was taking him home, HIS home, after all. Perhaps she had suddenly realised what they had done and was beginning to regret it.

'Well,' he thought, 'I'll know soon enough. If she takes the next left then we're definitely headed to my Aunt's.'

No sooner had he finished thinking this then the left hand turn off had passed them by and the Mazda continued to race out into the countryside. His mood suddenly brightened. He turned to look once more at Jenny. She had been watching him closely and now she laughed aloud at the look of sheer joy and relief on his face.

"Don't fret, Brecon, I'm far from finished with you," she intoned in a seductive voice.

Brecon grinned before leaning over and planting a kiss on her exposed neck once more. He had fancied this woman for so long and now he was with her in didn't quite seem real. He half expected to find he had been day dreaming in class and would snap back to reality any time now, her standing behind her desk as she had been, and the End of Day Bell ringing out across the Campus.

Instead, he noticed Jenny down shift as they approached a right hand turn off which led down to what he guessed was a cottage, obscured somewhat by the trees planted along the garden wall facing the road. The Mazda growled round the corner and crept down the gravelled path and in through the ironwork gates detailed with two rearing unicorns.

As soon as Brecon laid eyes on the cottage properly, he instantly fell in love with it. It was in an L shape with the short part to the left, pointing towards the main road. It was constructed from a beautiful, pink stone and two thirds of the front wall was covered in climbing vines, dark in colour with blue flowers here and there. There was a small lawn out front and flower beds at the base of the garden wall. You couldn't see to the back as an oak fence separated the front garden from the rear at either side of the cottage. The front door was set in the centre of the long section and was in two halves, also looking to be made from solid oak, with gorgeous rose bushes carved into it. Off to the right, separate from the cottage, sat a car port made from the same pink stone and it too had creepers.

Jenny drove the car slowly round the sweeping gravel drive, right up to the front door. As soon as the car stopped and she had cut the engine, the pair where locked at the lips, hands caressing each others shoulders. Before long though, Jenny pulled back from Brecon.

"So, Brecon," she smiled, "What do you think of my humble home?"

"It's beautiful," he exclaimed, taking another good look as they exited the vehicle, "I love it."

Jenny smiled wider as she leant on the car, watching Brechin turn slowly round, taking everything in.

"Come on then, Mr Storm," she said teasingly, moving to take his hand, "Let's get our sex streaked selves inside before anyone sees."

Brecon grinned as he took her hand, knowing full well the nearest neighbour was the farm a quarter mile back up the road. He had seen this place many a time while out running but the trees always obscured it from the road. Seeing it up close was much better. He allowed himself to be lead to the front door. As Jenny let go to look in her bag for her keys, Brecon pressed himself against her from behind, encircling his arms around her, his lips locking onto her neck, his right hand her right breast and his left hand worked on her panty covered clit.

Jenny gasped as she instinctively pushed her hips back into him and leant forward a little. She was having a hard time getting the key in the lock and resisting his attentions. At last it was in, she opened the door stepping inside, pulling them both through. As soon as they were in, she turned in his arms, forcing his hands onto her back and bum, slamming him against the door which closed it. Her mouth moved across his face, kissing every inch of it while her hands gripped and rubbed the contours of his smooth back.

She wanted him again so badly, but she wanted to tease him first. She stepped back, breaking their embrace. He reached for her but she slapped his hand away playfully. Brecon merely grinned.

"Right, we need to get these clothes off and into the wash as soon as," Brecon nodded, "Well, strip then!" She said, a little forcefully.

Not needing to be told twice, Brecon pulled his top off and slipped out his boxers passing them both to her, standing naked and erect before her once more. Jenny just stood and stared for a little while, soaking in the site.

"Your turn," Brecon said, breaking her reverie.

Jenny shook herself, before turning smartly on her heel and disappearing through the door that lead into the small part of the L, carrying her bag which contained the rest of their clothes with her. She tossed his bag onto a sofa as she passed it.

Brecon was a little surprised. He had imagined she would strip right there in front of him before going to find the washing machine. Oh well, naked or not he enjoyed the view as her ass swayed out of the room.

He decided to take the time to examine the room. It was the living room obviously. In the corner to his left a 40" TV complete with cabinet, Blue-Ray Player, High-Fi, Sky+ Box and other mod-cons. Between it and the two oh so comfy looking green sofas was a walnut coffee table, standing about a foot and a half high. To his right, occupying most of the right hand wall was a set of oak banister stairs leading up to the bedroom no doubt. Bookcases, a chess table, a walnut bureau with a hi-tech PC perched on it and a few ornate standing lamps filled out the room. In the back wall, directly opposite the front door, there were two full length windows flanking a pair of glass and oak doors which lead out onto a patio and beyond it through the gauzy drapes Brecon thought he could make out a large pool.

Before he could investigate further, Jenny reappeared through what he now guessed was probably the kitchen door. Brecon looked round and where his erection had been fading while alone, it instantly jumped to attention. She wasn't naked as he had hoped; instead she wore a silky white house-coat, which stopped just below her pelvic area, giving him brief glimpses as she walked toward him but this turned him on all the same. As she approached, he could see it was partially translucent in certain areas. This was obviously a garment designed to tease.

She didn't stop when she reached him but simply took his hand and lead him to the stairs. They ascended, coming to a small landing with a single door. The door had her name carved into it and the unicorns again. She opened it and they passed into her bedroom, but she didn't give Brecon time to examine it but dragged him straight through the opposite door and into the next room. This turned out to be an en-suite, furnished with a pearlescent sink and toilet along the right hand wall, an 8 foot bath to their left and a 4 foot square shower room in the far left corner with a diagonally set door were the out stretching walls would have came together. The floor, tiles and walls were again made with the pink stone and the cabinets were oak topped.

"Wow," he remarked.

"Hmmm, I'm glad you like it."

Jenny kissed him as she steered him to sit on the closed oak toilet seat where she knew he would have a great view. She turned then and crossed to the shower, slowly slipping off her robe as she went. She winked at him over her shoulder before pulling open the shower door and stepping in. She turned on the shower with her left hand, her right making sure the temperature was just so. She turned to face Brecon then, smiled and stepped back beneath the ceiling mounted showerhead. The already warm water cascaded across her tanned, limber form in thousands of individual rivers, moistening her heat tormented skin and causing her to moan softly, eyes closed, head back.

Brecon was enjoying watching his new friend bathe. He watched as she ran her hands across her body, spreading the water to every inch of her, while biting her bottom lip at the sensations. It was more than enough to quicken his blood, and as she leant over to pick up a sponge and gel, his hand unconsciously went to his overly hard member. He began to stroke it in time to her movements with the sponge.

Through half lidded eyes Jenny watched him excite himself as she purposely soaped herself up in all the right places, beginning with her breasts. She ran the sponge around and round her apple bosom, taking care not to touch her nipples just yet. When his mouth began to hang open she gently played one edge of the sponge across her right nipple while she squeezed and pulled at her left. The thrill of being watched while pleasuring herself always excited Jenny more than when she did it alone and this time, the watcher being Brecon seemed to have an even greater effect. She couldn't remember when her nipples had been this hard before or how sensitive her skin was.

Brecon's hand slipped faster up and down his eight inch length as Jenny's movements increased in speed. He watched the sponge descend to her stomach and then beyond, caressing her womanhood with its soapy surface. He immediately saw a change in Jenny; she arched her back a little more and dropped her chin to her chest, panting as the rough sponge made its way up and down her sensitive slit. He watched as her other hand stopped playing with her nipples and instead groped whole heartedly at her breasts, squeezing and massaging them. His eyes widened and his mouth went dry when he saw the sponge hit the shower floor with a satisfying splosh and her now freed fingers delved beneath her lips and into that inner place.

The steam from the shower was fogging up the glass and Brecon was losing sight of Jenny. He was growing cold sitting by himself on the toilet anyway, so he quickly stood and moved to the door, yanking it open.

Jenny stood, her fingers a blur in her pussy and her head thrown back as she groaned and cried out. At the sound of the door being opened she looked at Brecon. She was so horny and needing him she couldn't speak but she knew he could tell what she wanted. She watched as he stepped into the shower.

Not bothering to close the door, Brecon simply scooped her into his arms, his fingers replacing hers as she wrapped her arms around him, their lips locked together in a crushing kiss. He worked her for only a few moments before she came, hard, and collapsed against him, her whole body trembling with the effort just to remain upright. Before she could recover though, she felt something hard and wet push against her entrance, before sliding easily inside.

Brecon slid into her until their pelvises met before beginning to pump hard and fast, not caring that Jenny may not be able to take it in her state.

In fact, she was so sensitive from her extreme orgasm, that she couldn't bear it yet she would never tell him to stop. She wanted him in her and that was all that mattered. It took less than a minute for a second wave to crash over her. This time her knees really did give out but he appeared to have been expecting this. He lifted her legs and wrapped them around him, moving forward so as balance her against the shower wall. The shock of the cold tiles against her hot skin only succeeded in heightening her orgasm into a third volley, and she dug her nails deep into his back, knowing she had drawn blood but not caring.

The sharp pain from her nails biting into his back only spared Brecon on. His shaft seemed to fit her pussy perfectly, as if it were built for it. He took up a swift stroke within her, pulling out quickly just to slam back up her dripping entrance. After a minute or so of listening to her moan and continuing to ravage her pussy, he could feel himself getting close.

He couldn't understand it, he was usually able to last for half an hour or more, but Jenny was just so beautiful, and her body felt so good against his he was turned on to such a degree as he never had been before. Before he could cum though, he stopped. Jenny, when she finally noticed, looked down at him in confusion. He merely smiled and kissed her as he let her down, sliding out of her. Just as she began to speak, he spun her round, crouching slightly to gain better access to her womanhood from behind. Simultaneously, he slid his hands round her and took hold of a breast in each hand, pulling her back against his chest.

As he resumed his former rhythm in this new position, Jenny put her arms up and behind herself, wrapping them around his neck while he nuzzled and kissed her neck. She began to gasp and moan once more as the build up to an orgasm began anew. She writhered in his embrace and humped against him as best she could, trying to heighten her pleasure all the more.

Brecon couldn't last much longer. He started to slam his cock up into her so hard, he lifted her off her feet as he straightened his legs, causing Jenny to be almost suspended just on his cock alone with barely the very tip of her toes for stability. He felt her pussy contract and squeeze at his man hood and knew she was about to cum once more. Just the thought pushed him over the threshold and he let out a strained cry as he rammed deep into Jenny, not caring this time about being inside her.

The feeling of the hot cum plastering her insides brought forth Jenny's own orgasm, a tidal wave of pleasure rolling through her suddenly stiff body, before she flopped once more in his arms as quantity after quantity of her sweet juices gushed around his member and seeped out past it to stain her legs and his balls.

As they both came down from their joint explosion, Brecon removed his dick from her inner place, but continued to hold her to him. Jenny enjoyed being held for a little while, then she turned in his arms so she could look into his eyes, those eyes in which she could lose herself. He was smiling his hesitant smile once more, the one she loved so much. She smiled back and then they kissed, one long, passionate, loving moment of happiness. When the kiss broke, she stepped back from him, holding now only his hands.

"Well, so much for the shower to get rid of sex," she said with a big grin.

Brecon merely laughed and hugged her to him.

"You had yours before you started playing with yourself, but I guess we both needing scrubbing."

Brecon stooped to acquire the shower gel. Ignoring the abandoned sponge, he squirted the stuff directly into his hands, wanting nothing between his flesh and hers. He rubbed his hands together to start a lathe and then began to rub it into her shoulders and arms, taking his time making sure to get every bit. After that, he had her turn round and massaged the stuff into her back, slowly working his way down till his hands found her perfect ass. Here he spent a good couple of minutes 'lathering' her trim cheeks. After a quick refill, he moved onto her front, beginning where else but her double D breasts, both at the same time, pushing, squeezing or simply stroking the suds across the expanse of soft but firm skin and her perky nipples; Jenny moaned at this. Finally, his hands moved lower, acknowledging her flat stomach but aiming for something else.
