 THE FAREWELL

"Don't worry so much, okay?" Janelle said, rubbing Avery's shoulder. He sat on the bed, looking at her beautiful face. She wore very deep red lipstick on her lips. Painted on her face was a soft and loving smile from ear to ear. 

"Well, I just...I don't even really know you, Janelle. I mean...You know?" he said, putting his hand onto her knee. Janelle sighed and lowered her head, shaking it lightly.

"Look, Avery, you're starting to make things more complicated than they need to be. All I want to do is to fuck and leave. Now, you can either choose to fuck me or not," Janelle said, crossing her legs on the bed. Avery looked her body up and down. She had bright, blonde hair, resembling sunlight. She had blue, piercing eyes and a gorgeous curvature of hips and waist that connected to her flat, soft stomach. Even more perfect were her breasts: round, supple, perky, and very large. Janelle wore a silver nightgown that had white fur of some kind tracing the outline of the gown. Avery looked downward to see her moving her foot back and forth in agitation. On her fingernails and toenails was a fresh coat of polish, a red color that matched her lipstick. Avery soon came to the realization that she was so well put together because she wanted to impress him. She brushed her hair back and peered into his eyes. She had a look of both longing and desperation. There had not been any girls in Avery's bed since the break-up with Jenna, and though he tried, there was not much else he could to resist Janelle short of killing himself. Slowly, Avery's head started to drop off, and he began to file through his old memories, the beginning of his semi-friendship with Janelle.

Avery thanked Matthew for introducing Janelle to him. Avery was impressed by her ability to speak French. Though he would never admit it, she spoke much better than he did, but on the short occasion that he did speak to her, he was able to hold his own. Since then, he had been obsessed with this gorgeous blonde beauty. He spoke to her sparingly, and eventually he went to visit her by surprise at her apartment. She and Avery sat on the couch, watching a movie together. They got to asking questions, and eventually, they became somewhat of friends. Luck, as it seems, was the game of Texas Hold'em that Janelle held at her house with her roommates. She invited Avery via AIM. It was a tough game, but luckily, he came out on top. The roommates left the game, leaving only Avery and Janelle in the living room. Feeling a bit frisky, Janelle came up with quite the little idea. They played one game of high draw. If Avery won, Janelle would strip for him. If Janelle won, Avery would strip for her. The first game they played was that evening. Avery lost that first game. Janelle was entertained by Avery's nakedness. Though Avery was never too confident in his shape, Janelle found it to be quite sexy. The next day before work, Avery returned to Janelle's apartment and played a second game of high draw, which, again, he lost. He was beginning to think his luck had run out in life. The day just prior to Janelle showing up at his apartment dressed to kill, Avery raised the stakes. If Janelle won, she wanted Avery to give a strip dance to every girl in her apartment. But if Avery won, he would be allowed to fuck Janelle. She happily and arrogantly accepted. Avery and Janelle had played nine games of high draw, and she always won. There was no reason to suspect that Avery's luck would change any time soon.

Avery came home from his last night at work. Tomorrow he would be pulling an all-nighter with Matthew for philosophy, so he thought he better climb into bed and get all the sleep he could. He opened the door to find Janelle sitting in the living room. She had her hair bound by a black band. She was waiting for Avery and was entertaining herself with the television in the living room. She was wearing a blue jean skirt and a red shirt that left very little to the imagination. Janelle said nothing. She held her hand up and showed Avery the pack of cards she had with her. He sat down next to her and shuffled the deck. Then he spread the cards out on the table. Janelle drew the first card from the deck. She looked at it once, and then gave a devilishly sexy smile to him. 

"It must be something really good," Avery said, smiling back at her. "I guess I should get my tights ready for you and your friends, huh?"

"Just draw your card, babe," she said, concealing hers. Avery did as he was told. He took up a single card. He held his breath, knowing what was on the line: either a strip show for her or a fuck session for him. He looked at the card, a 3 of spades. He sighed, and then lowered his eyes in disappointment.

"You show first," she said, looking at him. He put the card on the table, revealing to her that for the tenth consecutive time, he lost. She smiled and started laughing.

"Well, it's not all that bad, babe," she said, scooting closer to him. She pressed her lips against his without warning, dropping the card onto the ground. Her lips were soft and warm. It was the first kiss he had received in nearly two years. Avery kissed her back after the initial shock of her sudden advance had worn off, tasting the flavor and savoring the amazing feeling of her lip gloss. He broke the kiss and picked up the card, which had landed face down. He turned it over... 2 of diamonds. Avery had won. Now he understood why Janelle had smiled when she looked at the card. 

Janelle cuddled her head onto his shoulder and smiled. 

"I was hoping you would win, babe."

Avery shook those used memories from his mind to hear Janelle calling his name. 

"Avery? Avery? Earth to Avery?" she said, trying to stare him in the eyes.

"Huh? Oh, I'm sorry," Avery responded, staring at her. Janelle was getting anxious. She had a terrible itch that was only getting worse.

"Look, I'm sorry. I'll just leave you alone, Avery." She stood up and headed toward the door. Avery, out of desperation, quickly headed for her, closing the door as she moved to open it.

"Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hang on just a second. Look, I'm sorry, I'm just having a weird day, you know?" he said to her, putting his free arm around her waist. Janelle gave a soft smile. She loved it when guys chased after her. Avery did the one thing that turned her on the most. Her itch had grown even more, and she needed him to scratch it for her.

"Well, you need to get your head in the right place, babe. If I didn't know any better, I'd think that you didn't want to fuck me," she said. Playfully she slowly bent over a bit to let her small, silver nightgown hike up a bit, revealing a small amount of her orange and pink g-string. Avery looked down to see the bare flesh. He smiled a bit and started rubbing her bare ass, cupping it in his hands, and then giving it a small slap. Though it was only a light slap, it made Janelle's ass sting a bit. But the pain only intensified her state of mind.

"Ooh, babe, be careful. You wouldn't want to hurt me, would you?" she said, leaning down a little more and putting her hands on the door in front of her. Avery liked as Janelle teased him like this. Her tight, curvy ass stuck out perfectly and lined up exactly with his crotch.

"Of course not honey. I most certainly wouldn't want to hurt you honey," he said, his fingers fighting each other over the buckle to his belt. Finally, it was able to get it free, pulling it from his waist.

"Oh, I'm sure you don't want any of this, now do you babe?" She shook her ass at Avery's crotch, letting him feel her soft flesh against her hardening erection. Avery, in return, quickly pulled down her panties, making sure to touch plenty of the flesh on her legs. He took his middle finger and rubbed her pussy lips. When he pulled his finger back, Janelle's pussy opened up, sending her juices dripping onto the wine-colored carpet. Janelle shivered as Avery did this, and she leaned down a little more to give him better access to her dripping vagina. Avery, in response, quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, letting them fall to the ground. Janelle turned around and pulled Avery to her, shoving her tongue right into his mouth. Avery responded by putting his tongue in hers, moving quickly in circles. She pressed her body against his, rubbing her erect nipples against Avery's hard chest. Avery pushed back in return, pressing her into the door, making a loud thud that echoed down the halls. Janelle felt herself get wetter when he pushed her back against the door. She grabbed his face in her hands, breathing heavily as she looked into his eyes.

"You better fuck the shit out of me, Avery," she said, pulling him back to her, kissing him so hard that his jaw began to hurt. Avery kissed her hard in return, turning her around and lifting up her nightgown, pulling his dick from his boxers. Janelle shuttered when she felt the head of Avery's dick rubbing against her pussy. She turned around again to stop him. She fell to her knees and took his dick in her hands, stroking it quickly. After only a few strokes, she dove for it, sucking on it hard and fast. She swallowed about half of his dick as quickly as she could, moving her hand back and forth with blinding speed. Avery's head fell back in pleasure. Janelle had found that one extremely sensitive place on Avery's dick, and she was now exploiting it.

"Mmm, yes, suck that dick," Avery moaned, looking down to see Janelle's mouth spreading her precious saliva all over Avery's dick. Her mouth and hands were moving in unison. Avery could barely stand as Janelle worked her magic on his dick. She moaned and moaned, enjoying both the taste and the feel of his dick in her mouth. Then she started slowly down, sucking harder but at a slower, agonizing pace. Her other hand moved up Avery's powerful leg to cup his balls. She ran her thumb and forefinger against them, massaging them lovingly. Then, she pulled Avery's dick from her mouth, a long string of saliva and pre-cum connecting her pink tongue to his raging dick.

"Mmm, your dick tastes so good, babe," she cooed, stroking it slowly. She slowly ran her tongue at the base of his dick down the vein of his dick. He smiled and watched her tongue move up and down the vein of his dick, teasing it. Then, she opened her mouth and took him in again, sucking down slowly. Avery's mouth dropped open, a moan escaped from it. At last, he could not take it anymore.

"Ohh, come here," he said, pulling her away from his dick and bringing her up to his feet. He kissed her hard, tasting himself in her mouth. He turned her around and grabbed her by her hips. Janelle's hands went straight for the door to support her weight. She clenched her teeth together as she felt Avery's head slipped into her tight, wet hole. She moaned out loud as it began to suck up the rest of his dick, until his entire dick was buried to the base.

"Ohh yeah... Ohh hell yeah," Janelle moaned out loud, pushing back against Avery. He began slowly, moving his dick back and forth. His thrusts were long and hard, filling Janelle up each time with his entire dick. She lowered her head and used her hips to push back against him each time he thrust forward. 

"Ohh God! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she exclaimed, moaning louder with each thrust of Avery's dick. He gripped her waist hard, moving faster and faster. He moved his hands up and down her back, savoring the soft flesh of her body. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the powerful rod invading her depths. Avery's thrusts were growing harder and stronger than before. He reached upward to squeeze her breasts. He pinched her nipples with his fingers, flicking them back and forth. Janelle's moans filled Avery's ears, driving him crazy and causing him to fuck her even harder.

"Ohh yes, ohh yes, ohh yes, ohh yes! Oh God, AHHHHHHHH!" screamed Janelle as she began to pour cum on Avery's dick, her pussy clamping down onto it, keeping it from slipping out of her. He could feel how wet she had become and it drove Avery to fuck her even harder. Within seconds, he felt the tingle in his balls, and he knew what was next.

"Ohh, Janelle! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" he moaned out loud, leaning backward as he thrust to his own release. Finally, he felt as though he were ready to explode. He quickly pulled his dick out of her and gave it a few strokes. Within moments, he was cumming. He let out a long sigh as his cum splattered against Janelle's ass and back. A long shot reached as far as her hair. When it was all over, Avery had emptied his balls all over Janelle's ass. It glistened with his thick, white cream. It slowly started running down the curves of her ass. Avery smiled and rubbed her waist.

"Oh my God, Avery... That felt amazing. Mmm, I can feel your cum all over me," Janelle said, letting her sweat-drenched hair move against the door.

"Mmm, that did feel great. You look so sexy covered in my cum," he said, rubbing her dick up and down the crack of her ass.

"Ooh, no more for now. I'm a little sore, babe," she confessed, starting to lift upward, letting the nightgown fall downward and soak up the cum.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you," he replied, putting his arms around her to comfort her. She sighed happily and put her hands over his, locking her fingers between his.

"It's alright. It's the good kind of pain, I assure you," Janelle said, closing her eyes and leaning back against him, feeling the heat from his body resonating into her own. She felt her body give way, and she was totally relaxed, thanks to Avery's amazing fucking.

RETURNING TO THE BEACH

The drive back home from college was a quick one. Avery, for the most part, thought of nothing except how good it was to fuck a girl again, especially someone as sexy as Janelle. A sly smile crept across his face. It seemed as though his luck had finally returned. That orgasm was truly all he needed. Since college began, Avery had not had sex with any girl. It had been nearly two years since his last time with Jenna. She heard from a mutual friend of theirs that Avery had fucked Tiffany. The day she found out, she called Avery and confronted him about the infidelity. At first, Avery tried to deny it. But apparently Tiffany had opened her mouth and told certain parties about their sex. Those certain parties were meant to keep it confidential. However, like most confidential things, those certain parties told other certain parties in confidence. The secret disseminated from trusted person to trusted person until it reached the ears of someone who was not so trustworthy. Jenna eventually heard it, and that was enough to convince her to break up with him. Avery was ashamed of it. He strongly hoped that the mistakes of his past would not come back to haunt him. Since then, he had hung relatively low, avoiding conversation with people he knew. College was good for that. There was very little chance he would be noticed by someone he knew. Though on occasion, he would bump into someone from high school. He exchanged polite conversation and left. Avery stayed clear of all the places that he and Jenna visited together, especially the beach.

Avery collapsed onto the couch. His room was filled with all the things he brought home from college. There was no room for him to set up his bed until he unpacked. He had stayed up the night before to study philosophy for his final exam, and he was too exhausted to start it tonight. He slowly began to close his eyes and drift off to sleep.

*RING, RING*

His cell phone sat an arm's length away from him, resting on the floor charging. He flipped it open and saw an unfamiliar number. He pressed the answer key.

"Hello?" he said weakly. 

"Hey Avery!" It's Janelle. I got your number from Matthew. I hope that's alright," she said with a bit of excitement. Avery rubbed his eyes awake.

"No, no, it's fine. How are you?"

"I'm fine, just thinking about how good you were today. I hope I'll have another chance to be with you," she exclaimed. Avery knew he was an above-average lover, but he did not think he was really THAT good. His luck finally was beginning to turn around, he thought.

"Well, you never know," he said, snickering a bit.

"Well, the reason I'm calling is because myself and a few friends are going to the beach tomorrow. I thought it would be nice if you came along with me." Avery was blown away. Did Janelle think they were dating or something? He certainly hoped she thought otherwise; on the other hand, if the opportunity presented itself that he and her get alone, he would definitely have a chance at fucking her a second time.

"Sure, why not. That sounds like a lot of fun," he said, lying back down onto the couch, keeping the phone at his ear.

"Great! Then I'll see you at 11 o'clock at 17th Street?" she said in an inquisitive manner.

"Sure, I'll see you then babe."

"Mmm, good. Goodnight handsome," she said sexily.

"Goodnight beautiful," Avery returned, ending the call and putting the phone down onto the floor again, shaking his head. It was already midnight. It looked like he was going to get very little sleep this evening. Avery rested for a moment, counting the endless number of reasons why Janelle had called to invite him to the beach. Avery recalled that the beach was the last place he and Jenna went as a couple. That night, they could not make love. Though they both wanted to, they could not find a moment of privacy anywhere. It was a shame; the next day they would no longer be a couple. He exhaled and closed his eyes again.

"It could be fun," he said, right before he started to drift off to sleep.

The sun stung Avery's delicate eyes as he opened the door to leave his house for the beach. He wore a matching blue and white outfit and scandals. He climbed onto his new motorcycle, a Ninja. He placed the helmet onto his head and made sure it was a snug fit, fastening his bag around his back. Inside of it was a beach towel, his wallet, and a couple of spare quarters for the meters. He put the key in the ignition and started it up. Just as it kicked over, his cell phone rang. He again noticed that was an unfamiliar number on the phone; however, he recognized the area code. It could only be one person.

"Hello?"

"Why, hello there little brother who doesn't return my calls or emails," Alicia said playfully, her voice bellowing over a myriad of others.

"Hey you! Where are you? I can barely hear you," he said, closing his other ear with his finger to attempt to hear her better.

"I'm at the airport, sweetie. Do you think you could pick me up in three hours?" She shouted into her phone, trying to block out the chaos.

"No problem. You didn't tell me you were coming down. I would have done something nice to mark the occasion," he said, turning the engine off.

"Well, if you would read my emails, you'd know that I was planning to come visit you, little brother."

"I know, I know. I've just been a little busy lately. I've had a lot on my mind, you know?"

"You mean like that little redhead you broke up with almost two years ago? Avery, that was then and this is now. You've got to let that go. Now, I'm coming to see you for a few weeks and we're going to have a great time, alright?"

"Okay, okay. I look forward to it," he said, leaning back onto his bike.

"Alright then little brother. Just make sure you're at the airport to pick me up. You know I hate it when I have to wait for a ride." Alicia replied to him.

"Alright sis, I'll talk to you later. Love you!"

"Love you too!"

Avery hung up the phone, placed it back into his bag and revved up his engine a second time. He put his helmet on, and then took off to meet Janelle at 17th street.

Avery parked his bike on the side of the road on 18th street. He hopped up and walked down to the ice cream shop on 17th. He had a feeling that Janelle and her friends would be there. With any luck, he would be able to get a look at who Janelle brought with her. He passed by the several shops and local food and watering holes before he saw the shop. Sure enough, Janelle sat at one of the tables with what appeared to be a root beer float. She was wearing a small red top that held her wonderfully shaped breasts that appeared to be aching to be freed, a pair of blue jean shorts that showed off her nicely-shaven legs, and some beach sandals. Her hair was let down, and a coat of pink lip gloss covered her lips. She, again, looked as though she were trying to impress someone. She did not see any other guys sitting with them, seemingly assuring Avery that he might be the only one. He quickly raced over to join the three young ladies who were there.
