 NO NEED FOR AN APOLOGY

One thing that was true of Avery's city was this: it never slept. Early morning. Late night. Middle of the afternoon. There was always noise. People speaking in various languages. Klaxons blaring in the air. It was a venerable nexus of different cultures, peoples, and ideals. People were both angry and friendly. It was Monday, the start of a new week, and the first for Avery without his position at Warren & Hines. When he finally awoke to the be greeted by the smiling sun, a measure of tranquility overtook him. Choosing to sleep on the couch rather than the bedroom (to avoid all the reminders of Jenna), he got dressed and completed an eight-mile run. Just because he was no longer dating anyone did not mean he could simply let himself go. He aimed for a steady six-miles-an-hour pace, for he was no in hurry to get anywhere. The morning and the day were his, and it was the beginning of something fresh and different. Whether it would be better than what already was, remained to be seen.

Avery spent Sunday alone, unburdened and uninterrupted, which gave him an opportunity to catch up on his sleep. After finishing his run and showering, Avery decided to heed Alicia's advice and shave. Unfortunately, all he had readily available to use was a straight blade, a recent Christmas gift from Jenna. Avery consistently complained about the price of razor cartridges, so Jenna believed a single straight blade would be a good investment, for a quality straight blade could maintain its sharp edge for up to thirty years. His facial hair grew so quickly, Avery often skipped the five o'clock shadow and went straight to full beard. Using the last of his shave soap, he made a thick, white lather in a wooden bowl. After coating his face, the straight blade did its job of making him more presentable. Twenty minutes later, he had cleared the growth of hair on his cheeks to just a thin goatee around his mouth. Everyone, save for Avery's mother, thought Avery more attractive with facial hair, and a goatee was the favorite style.

Beginning the day much differently than he had in recent mornings, he ate a very small breakfast of toast, grapefruit, blackberries, and chocolate milk. As he ate, he made a to-do list: wash the dishes, clean the linens, and vacuum the carpet. After finishing his meal, he noticed that the roses on the dining table were thriving once again. Their pedals looked lush and healthy. All they needed was a little love. After clearing away the table, he started on his list with the linens, racing down the hallway to the laundry room. It was a small, square room containing two high-efficiency washers and two dryers. There was also a folding table, though it was about the size of a tray table on an aircraft. Much too small to be of use for bedsheets or blankets. When the washers displayed the remaining time for their cycle, Avery set an alarm on his phone. Venturing back into his apartment, he set his sights on the dishes, which had a moldy smell emanating from them. In ten minutes' time, the sink was cleared and the dishwasher was stuffed and running.

Before he pulled committed to vacuuming, he went out onto the balcony, which was the only neglected place of his apartment. All the empty beers cans and bottles from the weekend's festivities kept him company. As with the dishes, only ten minutes passed before the balcony was cleared. All that was left was the vacuuming. Preparing for a big mess, Avery dressed lazily, wearing a plain white shirt and a pair of black Under Armour gym pants. As Avery shuffled through an overstuffed closet, where the vacuum components were situated, a loud buzz sounded near his left ear. It was the intercom, announcing that a guest was there to visit. His first thought regarding the identity of his guest was Janelle. That was unlikely, as Janelle's work hours overlapped with the current time of day. A second consideration was Jenna, which was also unlikely as, unless something happened to it, Jenna owned a transponder to access the building. A third possibility, easily the least prospective visitor, was his stepsister Alicia.

"Who is it?"

"It's Erin," the voice flatly stated. Avery's body was engulfed in flames as rage overtook him. Why was she bothering him at his home? There was nothing left for him to say, believing he had made his position evident that he no longer wanted to have any kind of relationship with her. Especially in present circumstances, as their interactions had ultimately cost him his job.

"What do you want, Erin?"

"May I please come up and speak with you?" As before, her voice was flat. Almost mechanical.

"Whatever it is you want to say, you can say it over the intercom."

"I'm not doing this over the intercom or the phone, or in any other manner. I want to stand in front of you and have this conversation. Now, buzz me in and let's talk," she argued.

He considered ignoring her and waited for what seemed like an eternity before pressing the button to send the signal to the front door to unlock it. Hearing the buzzing sound, alerting her that the door was unlocked, Erin walked into the building and quickly raced to his apartment. Following four weak knocks on the door, Avery walked over to the door and unlocked it, then took a few steps back and shouted to her that it was open. Hearing him speak, she walked into the apartment and locked the doorknob behind her. Her face exuded the appearance of despair. Her outfit, contrarily, was vivid and warm. She wore a mustard yellow dress that extended to her knees, dark brown leggings, and a thin, black leather jacket. Her royal locks were pulled back in a majestic ponytail. Her nails were neatly groomed and painted black. Her lovely feet were covered by black wedges, affording her an extra inch of height. Before the two of them could begin their conversation, Avery's alarm sounded. The laundry was ready to be dried.

"What do you want?" Avery demanded.

"I wanted to apologize to you, face to face. I went into the office this morning to turn in my keys and badge, and I was told by Mr. Warren that you put in your resignation. I know it's because of me."

"You're damn right it's because of you. Warren & Hines was my dream job, and I just lost it!"

"I know. I know. I didn't mean to say what I said. I swear I didn't. Mr. Warren kept pressing me for the reason why I was leaving, and I just answered without thinking it through," she pleaded, holding her hands at the level of her shoulders to appear disarming.

"I never touched you without you wanting me to, Erin," he said, pointing his index finger at her.

"I'm sorry. I know you're angry. I'll do whatever it takes to make it up to you," she offered, taking a single step towards him. Noticing her actions, Avery responded by stepping away from her.

"There's nothing you can do, Erin. Even if you explained to Mr. Warren what really happened, I doubt he would let me come back."

"I have to do something, Avery. Do you need any money? I have some saved. If you want, I'll give you everything I have until you find another job."

"It's okay. I got the standard severance, so I don't need money for the time being."

"I was worried you wouldn't be eligible to receive it," she said sadly, taking another step towards him. Avery turned his head away from Erin. Noticing his movement, she lowered her arms, clasped her hands together, and held them in front of her body.

"What do I have to do to fix this?" She asked earnestly.

"You can't fix it," he answered, shaking his head. Turning back to look at her, Erin interpreted the glaze over them to be exhaustion. "I had a huge crush on you in high school, so I'm glad we rekindled our friendship. I'm sorry about what happened between us."

"I don't care about any of that right now. I believe you lost that job because of me. I want to know how I can make you forgive me," she stated. Her cool blue eyes shined with an exuberance befitting her regality.

"I don't know, Erin."

"What? Do you want me to beg you for forgiveness? I'll do anything as long as you forgive me," she pleaded, taking two steps toward him. She was somewhat pacified to see he did not back away from her. 

"I don't want you to beg," he maintained, waving his hand in the air.

"Okay. Then, what do you want me to do?" She intreated. Avery's tired orbs took an inventory of her outfit and appearance, realizing how beautifully put together she was. How unnecessary it was, for a queen such as herself, to be beseeching him for forgiveness.

"I should be the one apologizing to you. Not the other way around," he said bluntly. He gazed into Erin's cool blue eyes. The willingness to appease Avery prevailed in them.

"Don't apologize. I'm just as complicit for what happened, but I don't regret it," she revealed, believing his statement was regarding their sexual exploits. 

"I wasn't trying to take advantage of you, but...I know that's what I did," he said. Erin's lips curled to one side, implying on their own, that she felt, at least partially, contrary.

"You said you wanted to call it off, and the smart thing for me to do is to agree to that. We no longer work at Warren & Hines, so there's no reason for us to see each other anymore," she said softly, removing her jacket. She hung it on the back of his computer chair.

"But, if I can be honest, I don't want it to end," she said softly. "All I could think about, while I was in Boston, was you. Your face. Your voice. Your lips. I don't want to sleep with you behind Jenna's back anymore. I don't like how it makes me feel, but if that's what I have to do, so that we can keep seeing each other, then that's what I'll do."

"Jenna's gone, Erin. She broke up with me on Friday," he finally confessed. Erin's eyes widened initially to showcase her shock at his statement, though they soon narrowed to concentrate on the expression on his face. For all her intuition, she misread his face. It was not a look of exhaustion he bore. It was the look of heartache.

"I'm sorry," she said solemnly.

"Can we not talk about it, please?" He responded, turning to face her. Erin nodded her head in agreement, though she had no intention of further delving into what was, clearly, a sore subject for him. Knowing that he and Jenna were no longer together hoisted a tremendous weight from her conscience. Guilt still lingered within her. There was no denying that. However, her enthusiasm for a potential relationship with him enlarged to its highest point since their reconnection. With a lightning-quick pace, she dropped to her knees and leaned backward, resting her round, curvy ass against the soles of her feet.

"Come over to me," she ordered. Hesitant, Avery cleared his throat and clenched his fists. Erin read that reluctance in his body language, like a codebreaker deciphering ancient text. It endured, even as Avery slowly stepped to stand in front of her. She had been denied his touch for over a week and was anxious for it. 

"I've missed this," she whispered. Erin untied the taut knot to his pants, while Avery neither raised complaints nor offered to help her. Completing her task, she slowly tugged them from his waist to his ankles. Erin immediately savored the sight her cool blue eyes discovered. He was already hard, protruding against his red boxers. Her hands eagerly removed his undergarment, allowing his cock to swing free and loose. 

"I've missed us," she whispered again, diving for it mere seconds after its unveil, sliding her lips back and forth around it. Tasting the flesh of his dick, she moaned wildly, expressing the degree to which she desired him. Her right hand encased his shaft, and as she sucked, it twisted clockwise with each downward squeeze. Avery's strong thighs shuddered as the remarkable technique was gifted to him.

"I'd almost forgotten how good your dick tastes," she teased, lapping on it faster. Avery dropped his head fall back as Erin slid Avery further into her mouth. Ardently, she struggled to envelope its fullness. Though she was eager and willing, once the tip reached the back of her throat, she could not proclaim a method of taking him farther. Her efforts were buoyant; she tried compelling him into her throat by slamming herself into him, but each time, she gagged and was forced to concede. Still, her majestic lips sucked Avery lovingly, staring up into his earthy brown eyes as she polished him. Avery stared back at her, watching her every motion. His manhood showcased a slight sheen from her spit. In this moment, Avery realized what had eluded him: Erin was incredible. Her perfect hair. Her faultless skin. Her gorgeous outfit. Everything fit together magnificently. Avery leaned down and placed his hand onto her head, pushing her away. Dejected did Erin appear, like a delicious treat had been needlessly confiscated from her.

"Do you love me?" He questioned her, remembering his earlier conversation with Alicia. Erin's response was of no consequence. Avery had no intention of stopping mid-coitus.

"Of, course I love you," she responded. "I never stopped loving you."

"I don't want to hurt your feelings, but I truly don't know if I feel the same," he professed.

"I understand why. Jenna's been the only girl you've ever actually dated, but I can be just as good to you as she was," she asserted, leaning forward to lick a drop of pre-cum that seeped from the tip. Avery leaned down farther, positioning his long arms underneath Erin's legs. Understanding what he was doing, she straightened and allowed herself to be lifted from the carpet. Avery hoisted her from the floor and carried her to the long, blue couch. Erin admired the strength Avery possessed to do such a thing. After softly placing her down onto the couch, she licked the palm of her right hand and began to stroke him as she was before. 

The twisting motion executed by her wrist was astounding. She observed the expression on his face as she stroked him. Avery was loving every moment of it, from her analysis. Wrapping her sexy lips around the head of his cock, she slid them back and forth against the sensitive tip. Her tongued cupped and stimulated the delicate spot underneath the tip. As she sucked him, her head moved back and forth slowly. Her godlike golden hair swayed with her movements. Avery's eyes stared, almost lovingly, down upon Erin, whose cool blues were staring, correspondingly, back at him.

"How does it look?" Erin asked, creating a circle with her lips. Doing so, she expelled a large amount of saliva onto Avery's head, teasing him. Avery watched as she buffed his large, hard rod.

"It looks incredible," he answered, further hardening at the sound of her voice.

"How does it feel?" She asked, raising his dick to lick underneath his shaft.

"Even better than it looks," he smiled, running his fingers through her hair. Using her unburdened hand, she removed her hair tie, freeing her luscious locks and allowing Avery to get a handful of them. He curled some strands through his fingers while his inner thigh muscles tingled from the amazing way that Erin worked his shaft with her hand.

"I'm so fucking turned on right now," he spoke quietly. A large smile crept across her heavenly visage.

"Do you want to stick it in my pussy?" She taunted him in between hard, loving squeezes of his head with her lips.

"Is that what you want me to do?"

"I want you to tear me apart," she announced unabashedly, regarding his eyes once more. Through her appearance, Erin surmised he felt small amounts of emotional pain, truckloads of pleasure, and even a few transient feelings for her that bordered on love. In her heart, Erin knew she would gladly trade her body in exchange for moments in which she found herself now. In these special moments, when they were intimately engaged, she could pretend. Lie to herself that she and he were a legitimate and stable couple. Before long, Avery grabbed his rod in his hand, stroking it slowly. Initially, Erin believed she was doing something wrong. 

"You do?" When a small drop of pre-cum fell onto her knee, her entire body blazed.

"Hell yeah. I want you to fuck the shit out of me," Erin entreated, raising her striking face and brushing her hair away out of its way.

"Are you sure?" He replied, still stroking away at himself. Naughty thoughts permeated Erin's mind as she viewed what he was doing.

"I want you to fuck me until I scream and beg you to stop," she spoke, running her soft fingertips against the impressive curvature of his quad muscles.

"What if I don't stop?" He teased, still stroking himself in front of her.

"I probably won't care," she assured him, leaning forward. As before, her sexy lips encircled the tip of his dick. The two of them worked in tandem. Avery's hand and Erin's lips slid downward and then back up. The viscous, salty flavor of pre-cum began to saturate Erin's tongue.

"Turn around and stick out your ass," he ordered. Erin did as he instructed, standing up and turning around. She sat with both knees bent, her hands placed comfortably in front of her. Avery moved behind her and slowly raised her dress until he could see her leggings being filled and stretched by her curvy, juicy ass. He rolled his lips and salivated. Another drop of steamy pre-cum dripped from the tip onto her calf. His engorged penis stiffened even more as he regarded how perfectly her ass filled the leggings.

"Are you going to fuck me up my ass?" She inquired. Her head swung behind her and her cool, blue eyes observed his actions.

"That's a good question. I'd love to, but I want you to get off, too," he spoke. Erin said nothing as she watched her coveted lover turn around and walk towards his computer desk. For the second time since her arrival, she appeared dejected by his actions.

"Where are you going?" She asked, still maintaining her stance upon the couch. "Get back here and fuck me."

"I'm coming back. Don't worry," he responded. Collected from the wooden desk was a multipurpose tool. Searching through the tool, Avery found for what he was looking: a small, stainless steel blade. It was about an inch and a half long. Avery returned to stand behind Erin, who possessed an apprehensive expression on her face.

"What the hell are you doing?" She asked, nervously watching as Avery moved his large hands towards her buttocks. Fearful, she gripped the back cushions on the couch.

"Don't move," he instructed. One of Avery's hands pinched the fabric of her leggings. They were so tight upon her body, only a tiny bunch of cloth would bundle, but it was more than enough. The sharp knife penetrated the cloth, and with an upward swing, sliced a hole in the garment approximately one inch long. Erin, whose eyes were slammed shut, did not even notice what he had done, or that the dangerous object had recently been discarded onto the only couch. She did notice, however, when Avery's finger snuck into the hole he had created, which was positioned directly above the entrance to her flower. Her body, still ablaze from before, burned like the sun when his finger brushed against her.

"Did you just cut my leggings?" She asked, turning around her head to watch what he was doing. Before Avery could answer, a loud ripping sound filled the silent apartment. Erin watched as Avery's powerful arms separated from the center of his chest, tearing her leggings open until her ass was completely uncovered.

"What's with you and tearing my clothes?" Erin joked, remembering how Avery used similar means when they made love the day they recoupled.

"I'll buy you new clothes," he insisted. His large hands moved against her buttocks in opposing directions. Erin gasped as she was finally treated to something she longed to have: his sex.

"Oh yeah? At the rate you're destroying them, your severance will run out soon," she snickered, moving her hips side to side in his hands. Feeling a slight ache in her neck, she turned her head forward to face the wall. Without warning, a ruthless strike of his hand collided with her left cheek. Its sound echoed through her ears. Her thinking slowed almost to a crawl when it happened, and her mind had more than enough time to realize what happened. Judging from the acuteness of the sound, the pain was going to be immense. It felt like a lifetime between that judgment before her buttock began to swell and throb. Suddenly, time caught up with her.
