 "Honey, can we talk?"

Four words which are guaranteed to send a shiver down any husband's spine. Even more so when those words are spoken when both wife and husband are cuddling naked in post coital bliss.

I turned to look at Katie, my wife of 10 years, her forehead resting on my chest and still glistening with a faint sheen of sweat from our lovemaking.

Just to paint a bit of a background, my name is Jim, 36 years old and happily married for the last 10 years to the love of my life Katie. We had met just over 12 years ago, at a mutual friends bbq, the saying love at first sight doesn't quite describe what I felt when I saw my future wife. She was 22 at the time, 5'4 of pure blonde bombshell with a body that would give the pope a wet dream. 32 C's leading to a narrow waist and an ass that could cause a corpse to sit up and say "Damn". To top it off a sexy little smile which had me falling head over heels for her before I even knew her name.

Initially I thought she was way out of my league. I'm not unattractive, I've been told, standing at just over 6ft with a trim athletic build from playing water polo in college but I thought that this goddess wouldn't possibly be interested in lil ole me. I still felt the same way even after talking the evening away to her and only pulled my head out my ass when she turned to me before leaving and gave me her number.

We dated for the next 2 years until I popped the question and we got hitched 10 years ago. Unfortunately, kids weren't on the cards for us due to Katie having a medical issue meaning that it would be unlikely she could carry a baby to term. We never felt that our life was any less complete without kids though, we just spoiled our nieces and nephews as much as possible instead. The best thing about that was that we could give them back at the end of the day and relax at home with our feet up. Best of both worlds in my opinion.

Anyway, back to those four little words spoken by my wife. I'm not going to lie my heart did skip a beat when I heard her say that.

"Sure honey, what do you want to talk about?" I asked.

"Well, don't freak out ok?" She said "I've just been thinking about our sex life and umm, maybe trying a new thing or two."

Ok, here is a tip for anyone out there. Don't start a sentence by saying "don't freak out", as it will most likely cause someone to freak out. My heart skipped another beat and jumped into my throat after listening to what Katie had said. I thought our sex life was pretty good personally, if not great. Katie was still the same blonde bombshell who turned me on every time I saw her and I kept in shape by going to the gym and swimming 4 times a week. We tended to have sex at least 3-4 times per week and it was no wham-bam number either. I made sure to please Katie as much as possible and ensure that her toes curled every time before we finished.

"Em, ok. I thought our sex life was pretty good myself. Is something wrong? What did you have in mind? This isn't where you ask if I'd be interested in swinging is it?" I asked.

"Nothing is wrong, don't get me wrong. Our sex life is amazing and has only gotten better and better over the years. You know exactly what I like and what turns me on so nothing is wrong on that front. And eww no, I'm not going to ask you to be a swinger. Your cock is the only cock I've seen or touched in the last 12 years and I have no intention of letting another cock anywhere near me. Plus, the idea of seeing you be with another woman just makes me feel sick so no way in hell would I try swinging." Katie replied.

"Ok, so if nothing is wrong with our sex life then what brought this on?" I asked, now slightly confused.

Katie paused for a second before saying, "Well you know Mike and Suzy?"

"Suzy from your office? Yeah, we met them at your work Christmas party last year. Seemed like a nice couple." I said.

"Well, they're getting a divorce. I was talking to Suzy at lunch today and apparently, Mike has been cheating on her with his secretary for the last few months and Suzy found out so they're filing for divorce. She was saying that their sex life had pretty much become a routine so she thinks that's why he started screwing his secretary." Katie said.

I was shocked for a moment as I heard what my wife said.

"So, because your friend at work's husband cheated on her due to their stale sex life you thought about trying something new in ours? You don't think I would ever cheat on you, do you? You know I love you more than words can say, I'd never do that to you." I said, I was abit angry at this point to be honest. Surely after 12 years together Katie would know I would never do anything to risk our relationship together.

"No honey, of course not. I know you would never cheat on me just like I hope you know I would never even consider cheating on you." Katie said. "It wasn't that Suzy and Mike's sex life was stale that got me thinking of trying new things. It was more umm...I don't know how to explain it."

Phew, I took a deep breath there. I was worried for a second to tell the truth, I didn't want Katie having any ideas that I would ever even consider cheating on her.

"OK, just take a second to get your thoughts in order then tell me." I said.

"Mmm." Katie made a sound of agreement as she lay on my chest, her left index finger starting to make little circles across my pec.

"Well it got me thinking, I love our sex life but I was wondering if you've ever had any, I don't know, fantasies or things you wanted to try that we haven't done before? Don't get me wrong there is absolutely nothing wrong with our sex life right now, that monster you're packing still makes me cum as hard as it did when we first made love. I was just wondering if there was anything that you wanted to try that we haven't done before" Katie said.

"Hmm, like what?" I asked, a small smirk tugging at my lips. I'm not packing the biggest package out there, I'm just slightly over 7" but pretty thick, but which man out there doesn't like their penis being complimented.

"I don't know, they're your fantasies not mine." She replied.

"Well how about this? You tell me one of your fantasies or something you want to try out and I'll tell you one of mine. Deal?" I said.

"Deal." Katie replied. "Ok, this is a bit embarrassing so promise not to laugh."

"I promise."

"Ok, well, umm... I've always quite liked the idea of doing something in public. Not like full blown exhibitionism but just doing something naughty in public, you know, like the thrill of possibly getting caught but getting away with it. You promised you wouldn't laugh!" She said, hitting my chest.

I couldn't help it, I had started giggling abit when she mentioned doing something in public until I couldn't hold it in anymore and started laughing.

"Ok, ok, stop hitting me. Ow, stop it." I said "I'm not laughing at you. I'm laughing because you saying that just reminded me of something."

"Really?" Katie asked "What did it remind you of?"

"Em, well, can you remember your parents bbq last year? You wore that blue summer dress where the skirt has about 4 times as much fabric as it actually needs?" I said.

"Of course I do, I love that dress." She said "It's in my wardrobe now, waiting for summer to come around. And the skirt does not have 4 times as much fabric as needed it's just flared"

I coughed slightly to clear my throat before saying, "Yeah, that's the one. Well can you remember towards the end of the evening when everyone was sitting around the fire pit? There weren't enough chairs to go around so you sat on my lap instead?"

"Mhmm"

"Well, I'd been drinking most of the day already and having you sit on my lap in that dress made me really horny. Can you remember asking if I was ok as I kept spacing out? I kept having this thought run through my head of slipping my cock out the front of my shorts, pulling your panties to the slide under your skirt and just sliding you down onto my cock. No one would've been able to see anything as the skirt fabric would cover everything up but the idea of being inside you surrounded by people completely unaware was really turning me on. That's part of the reason why as soon as we got upstairs I couldn't wait and just pulled your panties off but asked you to keep the dress on." I said.

"Holy shit." I heard her whisper.

"Yep, to be honest I've thought of that dress quite a lot since then. I've thought of us going for a walk in the park with you in that dress but with no panties on and stopping at one of the benches in the park. I'd sit you on my lap with the skirt covering our lower halves and pop my cock out through the front of my shorts then slide myself into you. Then we'd just sit there barely moving watching people walk by with no one the wiser until I couldn't take it anymore and came inside you. So, I wasn't laughing at your fantasy, I was laughing because I had thought of something really similar already." I explained.

"Holy fuck." Katie said "That sounds so hot. Why didn't you tell me you had thought of this?"

"I don't know, I was embarrassed. I didn't really think you'd be into the idea of doing anything in public like that." I said.

"I can't blame you I guess, I never mentioned that the idea of doing something in public turns me on before so you didn't know. I think that dress will be getting a lot of use this summer though." Katie said.

"Really?"

"Hell yes! You have got me so fucking turned on right now it's not even funny." She said.

"Is that true?" I smirked. I rolled Katie onto her back before lightly running my right index finger through the valley between her breasts and down across her stomach. I could hear her breath hitch slightly as my finger continued downwards and a small moan escape her as my finger lightly traced her outer labia lips before starting to slowly circle her clit.

"Mmm, you were right. You must be very turned on; your little pussy is very wet right now." I continued a slow gentle circle around her clit as I whispered in her ear. I could feel her juices gushing out as I slipped my finger down and into her tight tunnel, the walls of her vagina almost sucking my finger inside. My index finger started to make a come here motion as my thumb started to press and rub on Katie's clit.

"Oh fuck." She moaned "Yes, you have got me so fucking turned on right now. I want to walk in the park with you and milk your big cock until you fill me up."

My finger started to speed up hearing Katie's dirty talk. I could tell she was getting close already as her breath kept hitching and her hips started to gyrate, seemingly trying to get as much of my finger into her tight little hole as possible. Her moans became louder as I slipped a second finger inside her, my thumb continuing to rub circles around her clit.

"Fuck! I'm going to come. Don't stop!" She moaned.

Nothing could have pulled my fingers out of her at this moment in time. I continued to circle her clit with my thumb as my fingers pumped inside of her until a scream roared out of Katie's delicate little frame. I felt the walls of her vagina constrict around my fingers, locking them into place, as a stream of her juices ran over my hand and soaked the bedsheets below. Little tremors rocked her body as my thumb still flicked across her clit until she grabbed my hand and told me to stop.

"Holy shit! That was intense. I came so hard there, I'm really sensitive right now. I think I need 5 minutes to catch my breath." She panted.

I lay back down beside her, smiling slightly at a job well done. God, I loved seeing Katie recovering after she just came hard. She was lying on her back, the duvet pooled around her waist, those gorgeous 32C breasts rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath. Nothing is more erotic than seeing a woman come down from an orgasm that you gave her.

"Phew, that was just...wow. Ok, so while I try and become human again, it's your turn." She said.

"My turn for what?" I asked.

"To tell me your fantasy."

"I thought I did tell you. About the park and your summer dress." I said, slightly confused.

"Nuh uh, that doesn't count. I told you that doing something in public was my fantasy first, you just had the same idea so it doesn't count." Katie said.

"That is definitely splitting hairs." I said.

"Hehe, still counts. So, come on, your turn." Katie giggled.

"Ok, let me think for a second." I said "Well, I have one that's been a fantasy of mine since I was a teenager but it's a bit kinky. To be honest this is embarrassing."

"Come on, I told you mine so it's your turn to tell me yours." Katie said, once again rolling over onto her side to rest her head on my chest.

"Ok, fine. Just promise not to laugh about it. I'm not sure where I got the idea for this from but it's been a fantasy of mine for quite a while. Do you know what bed restraints are?" I asked.

"Nope, what are they?" Katie replied.

"Well, they're like long handcuffs, kinda, that go under the bed. They restrain someone into a spread-eagle position on the bed." I said.

"Ok, that doesn't sound too bad. So, it's like light bondage, just being tied to the bed?" She asked.

"That's a part of it" I said "In my fantasy you would be tied spread eagle to the bed but also have a blindfold on so you couldn't see anything. Then I'd put a set of noise cancelling headphones on you so you can't hear anything but the soft music playing through the headphones. The only thing you would be able to do is feel what I do to you."

"Ok, that sounds hot to me. So, what would you do to me if I was tied to the bed, blindfolded and couldn't hear you?" Katie asked.

"Well I'd have to prepare some accessories I think." I replied.

"Like what?"

"Well I'd start off with a feather, tickling it across your body and teasing it over your nipples until they ached and became hard enough to cut glass. Then running the feather up your legs just enough to tickle before brushing the feather across your clit and tickling the lips of your pussy. I'd keep doing that until you were quite heated up before switching to something else. Then I would take an ice cube and cool you down by running it around your nipples, down your stomach, across your vagina and down your legs. I'd pop the ice cube between my teeth and crawl between your legs so that I could rub the ice cube over your clit but also taste that sweet pussy of yours at the same time." I said.

"Mmm" Katie moaned "Then what would you do to me?"

"I'd have to warm you up again then I think. I would take some warm honey and dribble it across your body, across your boobs, over your nipples, down your stomach, up your legs and a little dollop of warm honey placed right onto your clit. Of course, I couldn't just leave the honey there so I would have to lick it off." I said.

"Oh fuck" I head Katie moan.

"I'd start by licking the honey off your legs, working my way up inch by inch. I would have to skip licking the dollop off your clit though, that would have to be saved for last. Then I would lick every drop of honey from your stomach and work my way over your boobs before sucking every drop that was splashed on your nipples. Then I'd move back down to the best part and lick every speck of honey from your clit until I made sure the only liquid left there were your own juices."

"Keep going." Katie breathed at me.

"Well after that I would break out a vibrator I bought just for the occasion. I'd turn it on and start running the end around your nipples to let you get used to the sensation before slowly sliding the vibrator down until it meets your wet little pussy. By this point I'm sure you would be wet enough that it would slide right in so I'd put the vibrator inside you and just let it run by itself. You would need to keep very still so it won't fall out though." I said.

"Mmm" Katie moaned. I could feel her start to grind against my thigh, her left leg thrown over my left leg as she ground her pussy against me. From the feeling on my thigh she was very turned on again as she slid up and down my leg. I could feel my own cock filled with blood begging for some form of release at this point too. Talking about this long-held fantasy of mine had turned me on too.

"Whilst the vibrator does its job inside you I would climb onto the bed beside you before straddling your chest. I'd take my thick hard cock and slide it between your boobs, squeezing them together and using them to wank myself. I'd put a finger onto your chin to open your mouth slightly before sliding forward a bit so that I could slide my cock into your talented mouth."

"Oh shit." Katie moaned "Keep going, tell me more." I felt her start to slide down my body as I continued telling her my fantasy. Looking down I saw her smirk at me as she slowly slid down, kissing my chest and stomach as she went lower. I felt her lips kiss across by pubis, her hand gently wrapping around my engorged cock as she started kissing lower before she kissed my balls and sucked one into her mouth.

"Oh fuck." It was my turn to moan now.

She pulled her head back until with a pop my ball escaped from her mouth. Her tongue peeked out of her mouth as she licked from the base of my cock up to the swollen head. With her tongue swirling around she finally sucked the head of my cock into her warm waiting mouth, gently teasing the underside of the head with her talented tongue.

"Keep talking, or I stop." She said, before lowering her head back down and taking me back into her mouth.

"Mmm" I moaned "After feeling your talented mouth around my cock I would take it back out again before I crawled down your body. I wouldn't be able to hold back any longer by now so I would ease the vibrator out of your pussy before rubbing the head of my cock against your pussy and around your clit to make sure I had plenty of lubrication before sliding my cock inside you inch by inch."

I could hear, and feel, Katie moan her approval around my cock.

"I'd start off slow, teasing my cock in and out of you. Sliding back until the head was just touching your pussy lips before easing back inside you. Then I'd start to speed up, going faster and harder until I'm slamming my cock inside you with every thrust. Feeling you pulse and contract around my cock as you come again and again." I said.

"Jim" Katie stopped sucking my cock and looked up at me "I need you to throw me down and fuck me right now."

No more words were needed at this point. I leant down to reach Katie before flipping her over onto her back, her legs automatically going around my waist. I could feel her wetness and the heat coming from her pussy with the tip of my cock. With one thrust I speared myself inside her which instantly caused Katie to come around my cock. She screamed louder than I'd ever heard before as I felt her pussy grip and pulse around my cock and a warm gush of fluid start to soak down my thighs.

I was way too horny by now to go slow so I started to hammer into my wife's tight little hole, slamming the full length of my cock into her repeatedly. I could feel the walls of her vagina constantly contracting around my cock, adding to the sensation and the feeling of tightness surrounding me.

I knew I wouldn't be able to last long and I could already feel the unmistakable tingle in my balls forewarning of an approaching orgasm. As Katie's pussy continued the internal massage of my cock and I slammed into her again and again I could just barely moan out.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum."

"Cum inside me, fill me up. I want to feel your sperm shoot inside me." Katie gasped out.

Hearing that pushed me over the edge. The tingling in my balls travelled along my cock until I exploded deep inside my wife's pussy. I felt myself coming harder than I can remember coming before, each spurt rocketing from deep inside me. I came so hard I felt like I was going to pass out.
