 "Coffee's coming, Elvira!" Jacob said cheerfully.

Jacob smiled as he walked in Elvira's living room with two mugs full of the most bitter coffee he managed to brew. The blond man smiled at the slender, busty woman who sat on the couch and was completely focused typing on her laptop. It is not every day I can find such a hot chick to help me with things, he thought.

Jacob's smile faded a little bit as she sighed and buried her face in her hands, then slowly brushed her long green-dyed hair.

"What's wrong now?" Jacob asked. He looked at her a bit worriedly, but as she threw her arms wide, leaned back in the most relaxed way imaginable and tucked her hands behind the couch, and gave a bored sigh, he knew it was not really anything serious. If there was one thing he had learned while he occasionally saw her at the work in his department, she could relax really well while things went forward as planned.

"Oh, nothing weird", Elvira said. "Towards the end, this is all just so... repetitive. Thanks for making the coffee." She smiled widely, took the mug and took a good sip. "Mmm, just perfect." She looked at Jacob with a kind look; he was quite handsome, and that kind of handsome face under the messed-up patch of hair was quite charming... and the body wasn't bad either. With small-talk and coffee-making skills this good, she just didn't care that much about the appearance...

"So how's it going so far, oh mighty techno-witch?"

"Pretty well. Pretty well. I just got the conversion running, and it now looks it will work all the way to the end without any strange issues."

Jacob blinked. "So you can convert the whole shebang with that program of yours?"

"Didn't I say so in the beginning?" Elvira said and grinned.

"This is really good news. We don't have to spend the week on converting this whole thing by hand. Or at least halfway by hand." Jacob emptied his mug in one sip.

"You wouldn't be surprised how much useless work people do in this world. Life would be much easier if people would actually learn to use their computers. I mean, really learn", Elvira said with a smile.

"The real problem will be to think what my team will do for the rest of the week. Well, I suppose the boss will figure out something." Jacob shrugged.

"I'm sure he will!" Elvira slowly emptied her mug too. "Mmm, this really is great coffee. I'm feeling much better."

"So what do I owe you for helping me so much?" Jacob asked.

"Oh, you know..." Elvira said, then laughed a bit. "Could we let this go the usual way?" Elvira grinned and winked.

"What do you mean, the usual way?" Jacob said.

"Where someone helps someone with a computer problem and then they have sex?" Elvira said and smiled.

"I, er, I don't know." This just didn't go according to the usual way. The usual way was just a monetary compensation. "The folks at the company wouldn't like it if they found out—"

"But they won't, right?" Elvira threw her hair back and tilted her head, smiling widely. "Come on..."

"Well, I guess you won't tell, being such a nice gal." Jacob smiled. "Fine, let's do it. So... where to?"

"Right here, if you don't mind..." Elvira said. She reached down and picked something from under the couch. "I love to get fucked on the living room couch, do you?"

"Right here? Uh..." Jacob smiled nervously, almost blushing.

Elvira tilted her head. "Or do you need another coffee?" she asked with a giggle. She unbuckled her belt and pulled off her yellow T-shirt.

"No, that's... fine. I'd probably be even more nervous if I had more coffee."

"Aww", Elvira said. "Just relax. Go on, off with the clothes", she said, with a little bit of a giggle.

"I can't believe this is happening to me", Jacob said as he hesitatingly pulled off his shirt and began removing his pants.

"And why is that?" Elvira said as she removed her jeans and panties, kicking them under the table. She stretched a bit and began removing her sports bra.

"I mean, someone's actually just offering some services... for sex..." Jacob had undressed, and was looking at Elvira, who likewise had already shed her clothes. "...and that someone h--happens to be such an absolutely... beautiful... woman."

"What's so hard to understand?" Elvira said and tilted her head, the teasing tone almost dripping from her words.

"Well... you seemed like such a nice quiet gal." Jacob sat on the couch, still looking a bit shaky.

"Famous last words." Elvira grinned widely as she knelt before Jacob, gently stroking his cock. "But this is just how things sometimes work out best, right?" Elvira took off her glasses and put them on the table.

"Er... can I ask you a few things?"

"Yeah?"

"Could you... keep your glasses on while we fuck? I really love smart gals."

Elvira grinned and laughed a bit, picking up her glasses again and put them on. "Geek chick here to save your day! Just let's not get too rough then."

"...and your pentagram pendant too. Please? I've never been with a Wiccan. I... well, to be honest, I kind of find it hot to bang a real witch. If that doesn't bother you."

"No problem at all!" Elvira grinned. "Pleasure is worship, too."

"Cool! And secondly, do you often help guys in exchange for sex, cutie?" Jacob said. His cock was already hard -- someone had been really aroused for a while now, it seems, Elvira thought.

"Not really", Elvira said as unwrapped the condom and began rolling it on Jacob's cock. "Just when they give me boring jobs. Oh, I can't wait to have you in me, man..."

"What do you mean, boring jo— ohhh wow", Jacob managed to say before Elvira took Jacob's rubber-clad, strawberry-scented manhood in her mouth, and began sucking it.

Elvira felt dreamy as she began tasting Jacob's cock, still a little bit soft, as she rubbed her tongue against its underside as widely as she could. She couldn't fit all of it in her mouth, but certainly wished she could, as she slowly licked the length, tongue going back and forth.

"Ooh, baby, this is just... wow" Jacob said, his breath trembling a bit -- just a few bits of nervousness going out of his mind.

Elvira then began to bob her head up and down, slowly, taking good care to play with the tip of Jacob's cock with her tongue as she let it slide out. Each time she let it slide deep in her mouth, she savoured the taste... not that the condoms were a particularly tasty brand. She slowly picked up some speed, closed her eyes, and just enjoyed how Jacob went even harder than before, letting out some gentle mumbles of pleasure.

"Oooh, this is so— I can't— ooh yeah... faster..." Jacob said, his voice and breath trembling. Elvira's head bobbed up and down in his hands. "Ohhhhh yeahhh!" he screamed as he came; Elvira's head stopped bobbing on the throbbing cock, and gave him a few good final licks. "Ooh god damn it, ooh..."

Satisfied, Elvira got up and sat on Jacob's lap. "O-ho-ho, he likes it."

"I sure do", Jacob said and smiled.

Elvira looked at the clock. "Ten minutes! Most of the guys I've been take a much longer time to cum if they've got a condom", she said, pulling the condom off of Jacob, then went on to rub it again.

"Well, I'm a sensitive man", Jacob said, with a bit goofy smile.

"And I'm a sensitive woman", Elvira said, smiling with a bit of gentle mocking in her gaze. "It's almost ten PM. I hope you aren't in a hurry home?" Elvira got up and sat besides Jacob, still stroking the swelling manhood.

"No, not at all... though I need to get up early tomorrow to show the folks what you helped me to do today." As he said that, he was getting really hard again. "Let me put on the condom this time. What do you want to do, cutie?"

"Just plain old missionary, and I think I'll ride you after that... if you're up to it", Elvira said, and lied back, spreading her legs, taking a comfortable position with her head on the hand rest.

Jacob was done with the condom and grinned. "I think that can be done..." He smiled as he scampered on top of Elvira and kissed her on the lips. "So what did you mean with the 'boring jobs'?"

"Boring jobs, as in relatively simple tasks... mmmh, that's so wonderful", she said, as Jacob kissed Elvira's neck and fondled her other breast. "Plain old data conversion is usually pretty boring. But if it's really challenging and interesting, I don't ask anything in return..." 

"Oh, I see. If it's not—mmm—pleasure for the mind, you want pleasure for the body..." Jacob said, his short kisses going lower and lower, until he was kissing Elvira's breasts. Fondling them gently, he kissed the right nipple and gave it a somewhat playful lick. "You are so smart... and so beautiful."

"Thank you, friend, thank you", Elvira said with a slight drowsiness. "I just appreciate all people who don't keep staring at my chest all the time. Except right now."

"Heh, I guess you do." Jacob grinned, and got up a bit, guiding his cock to Elvira's vagina. He looked in Elvira's eyes as he slipped the tip in, smiling widely, and kissed her mouth as she let out a cute little moan.

Jacob thrust in slowly for a few times, until he could slide his whole seven-inch length in Elvira's tight, wet and hot pussy. He closed into a long, thoughtful French kiss as he slowly began to hump her, each of the strokes sliding deep in the slender, busty, green-haired geekette under him. He eased from the kiss, and bent himself a little to let Elvira wrap her legs around him, letting him to slip even deeper with his slow, thoughtful humping, and looked wordlessly into her smart green eyes, behind those wonderful glasses of hers.

Elvira clung to the man -- such a refreshingly average young man, she thought, not too heavy and not too light -- and enjoyed it every time Jacob slid in her, each time lingering deep in her before sliding quickly out and in again, with that sweet and funny rhythmic squelching. Her hot breath trembled as she relaxed, letting the handsome man drive his hard cock in her pussy again and again. She whimpered a little bit cutely as Jacob hastened his pace, groaning quietly as he enjoyed having sex with the beautiful, smart woman. And as she relaxed, more and more beautiful warmth came...

"Oh, this is good— mm— MM--hh!" Elvira whimpered as she had her first orgasm. "G-good grief..." she shook as pleasure roared in her, making her lose control of her body for a while. "Oooo-ooh my goddess..." As Jacob drove himself in her again and again, she was whipped even farther, even deeper to the spheres of pleasure.

"Oh, I'm cumming too— oh— oh—" Jacob went as he thrust hardest of hard in her for the last few times, giving her every bit of her manhood, and in the last deepest of the deep thrusts, he came harder than he had had in recent memory, throbbing hard and heavy, his cock hard like rock, filling the rubber in Elvira with his hot cum.

Elvira looked him deep in the eyes, so happy to see him enjoy himself, as she whimpered a little bit and bit her lip as she felt Jacob cum in her and push hard in her for the last time, just as she came herself. She felt her whole body pulse along with Jacob as waves of pleasure rolled over her again and again, she felt herself shake with every thump of her heart... again... again... until it was over, finally over, the sweet and merciful bliss was gone.

"Man, that was a massive orgasm you had in there. It was almost as if you had, you know, grabbed my cock with your hand and given it a good squeeze."

Elvira let out a sweet and deep sigh and looked at Jacob. "Really now? It wasn't a small orgasm for you either, I guess..." she said and paused for a second. "Know what?"

"What's it, cutie?"

"The best part of sex is having a guy bury himself deep in me when I cum... why don't they ever show that sort of thing in porn?"

"Dunno..."

"I mean, I'd definitely pay to see someone buried in a woman, still throbbing..."

"I have a web cam, want to borrow it? We could make that sort of a video clip together..."

Elvira giggled a bit and then broke into a hearty laughter. "Yeah! Maybe one day..."

Jacob laughed along, and pushed in Elvira a few more times with dreamy eagerness, but he was getting soft again. He pulled out, and Elvira rolled herself off the couch, then sat on it, eagerly removing Jacob's condom again and began to stroke him again.

They were too exhausted for further words. Jacob rolled on her back, and Elvira scurried on top of him. Once again, smiling widely, Elvira rolled a condom on Jacob, and scampered a bit, letting him impale her, slowly arching her back and dreamily looking to the ceiling as she felt Jacob slowly slide in her again.

Elvira began riding Jacob slowly, slowly, knowing Jacob looked a little bit exhausted after such a massive orgasm. Jacob fondled her breasts as Elvira rode on slowly, occasionally stopping to savour the moment and bend down and kiss him.

Minutes passed and Elvira quickly picked up speed. Another orgasm flared in her, two great sparks of fire. She got more speed, almost crippled with bliss again, and it happened again, yet minutes passed. She watched Jacob groan and pant under her, unable to cum again, and switched from riding him to rolling her hips, getting third, even bigger orgasm right away.

And then, a moment later, all of sudden, Jacob groaned out loud. "Aaa—aaah my dear witch..." he said as he slowly began to throb again, and Elvira buried him deep in her, making her own orgasm explode around his member almost as hard as it had when he humped her half a hour before.

Elvira collapsed atop Jacob and smiled widely, giving him another kiss. "This was really fun, dear." She let him slowly slide out of her and then slid down to his side, cuddling with the handsomely ordinary man.

"Yeah, you're really something else", Jacob said.

"Hope we can meet some other time too?" Elvira asked.

"Sure, I would love to meet you again! Just hope it's got nothing to do with work", Jacob said.

"Yeah, you can count on that. People might get suspicious..." Elvira said, and winked, before giving Jacob yet another kiss.