 As a young married couple, sex was great until my daughter came along. The increased expense required my wife to find a part time job. To save money, she got a job that she could work in the evenings. The combination of time away from each other and the fatigue from the extra work caused our sex life to be diminished greatly. In addition to her evening work, she began to work as an Avon representative on the weekend.

Because she had to work in the evenings, my wife would sometimes have me make deliveries for her. I also had to put together her orders, so I needed to learn about the products. It wasn’t really too hard, because I know what I liked.

One evening about 8:30, my wife was at work and our daughter was asleep. The doorbell rang and I opened the door to find a pretty lady standing there, in jeans and a button down shirt. She introduced herself as Marie, and said she was there to pick up her order. My wife didn’t tell me about it, so I called her at work. She told me that the order was in her book, and she didn’t have time to get it together, to I would have to. I invited Marie in, explained the situation and offered her a glass of wine while she waited.

She accepted the wine and began to drink it while I went to get the order together. Let me tell you about Marie. She is a slender brunette with a nice figure and small breasts. I brought the items into the living room, and had her inspect them to be sure they were the right products. We began to make small talk and I told her which ones I liked. She said she wasn’t sure about some of the fragrances, but I told her that some of them react differently on different people. She tried on of them on her wrist and asked me to smell it. I told her that that wasn’t the real test, and had her spray some on her neck. She was on her third glass of wine, and we were hitting it off real well, so she put some on her neck. 

After it settled, I leaned over pressed my face against her neck. I loved the fragrance and couldn’t resist the temptation to kiss her neck. She shuttered a little, and I knew this was having a effect on her. I continued to kill and suck on her neck a little. Then I moved up and kisser her on the lips. From there, I worked my way around to her ears inserted my tongue and sucked on her earlobes. She began to moan, so I reached for her breasts. She stopped me and told me she was too shy for this and had to get back to her house. I kissed her a few more times, and told her I had something else to show her.

She was curious, so she followed me into the bedroom. I lay down on the bed and kissed her a few more times. She allowed me to rub her pussy through her jeans, but would not let me feel her tits. To try to encourage her, I unzipped my pants and freed my cock. She sat up on the edge of the bed, and said she shouldn’t be doing this and really had to go. I took her hand, kissed it and placed it around my cock. She was a little surprised, but did not pull away. I slid her hand up and down my cock a few times. My precum began ooze out of my cock and she asked me if I came. I asked her if she had ever seen a man come before. She said that her and her husband only made love to her in the dark, and he only came inside of her, so had never seen a man come before, and really didn’t know what to expect. 

I pulled of my shirt and pants and laid back down. I told her to continue stroking my cock, and I would let her watch me cum. She continued her stroking while I continued to rub her pussy. Soon I felt my orgasm building, and I told her that I was about to cum. Soon, my cock grew larger and harder until it finally exploded. Spurt after spurt exploded from my cock, up to my chest, and all over her hand. Her eyes were as big as saucers, and she asked my if I was OK. I told her that I was fantastic, and told her that she could let go of my cock. She hadn’t realized that she still had hold of it. She asked me if I wanted a towel. I asked her if she had ever tasted cum before. She said she hadn’t, because her husband thought it was dirty. I told her to lick her hand and see if she liked it. She took a small taste, and I could tell by her face that she liked it. I told her that she could clean the cum off my chest with her tongue. She smiled and leaned forward to lick my chest. After she finished my chest, she worked her way down my chest, stomach and finally to my cock. She took my cock into her mouth and began to lick and suck. She said that she had never done that before, but she really liked it. When she was done, I offered to return the favor, but she said she really had to go.

When I got home from work the next day, my wife told me that she wanted me to make a delivery to Marie’s for her. I tried my best to look upset, but I was really looking forward to it.

I got over to Marie’s at about 8:30 and she let me in. She was doing laundry, and thanked me for brining the order over. She said that she was really feeling guilty for what we did the night before. I asked her who was hurt, and kept talking to her when she was in the laundry room. The laundry room was small, so while were talking, we were standing very close. When she turned around to face me, I took her into my arms and kissed her. She melted into my arms and we began to make out. I sat her on the dryer and continued to kiss her. I tried to feel her breasts again, but she would not let me. I stepped between her knees and spread her legs. As I was kissing her, I unbuckled her belt, unfastened, and unzipped her jeans. She had pantyhose on underneath her jeans, so it made it real difficult to do much. I did manage to slip my hand in and began to play with her pussy. She was soaking wet, so despite her protests, I knew she was getting into it. I managed to slip her jeans and pantyhose down below her ass, but she had boots on, and time was running short. 

I stepped back and pulled out my cock. I lifted her off the dryer and pushed her to her knees. I put my cock up to her lips and she opened her mouth. I began to fuck her face until I began to feel my cum building up in my balls. I stood her up and turned her around. I still couldn’t get her pants all the way off, so I bent her over the dryer, knelt down and began to lick her pussy. I found her clit, and began to suck on it. She gasped and said that no one had ever done that before. She came once and pushed her ass back into my face. I let her relax and stood up behind her. I ran my cock up and down her pussy until if found its way home. I pounded her pussy for all it was worth. As I felt her beginning to tighten up for her orgasm, I slipped a finger into her pussy along with my cock. My finger was coated with her pussy juice, and as she began to cum, I popped my finger into her ass. This was a totally new and unexpected experience for her. She came harder than she did before, and put her fist into her mouth to stifle her scream. 

Her daughter began to wake up, so I pulled my pants up, kissed her and left.

Shortly thereafter, I was transferred to another city. Funny thing, we sucked, fucked, and I never saw her breasts. You know, I’m not really disappointed.