 You arrive home after a long commute and even longer day at work.  The apartment is empty and the silence envelops you like a soothing balm.  You mix yourself a drink, turn the radio on low and start the shower.  As you stand there with the water pulsating against your shoulders and back, the tension begins to leave your body and you finally relax.  You step from the shower and, wrapping a towel around your waist, you make your way from the bathroom running your fingers through your hair and tossing glistening droplets of water on your way.  Downing your drink in one last swallow, you wander to the bedroom.  You still have time to kill and the bed looks inviting.  You let the towel drop to the floor and sprawl atop the coverlet, face down, intending only to let the final bit of tension drain from your limbs.

You slowly awaken to the soft breath traveling from your heel to the back of your knee.  The warm air disappears briefly where gentle kisses remain.  Fearing this exquisite feeling will dissolve, you lie still as if still sleeping, although your breathing has become somewhat erratic. The soft kisses give way to the tip of a tongue creating a swirling pattern at the sensitive area behind your knee.  You feel yourself begin to respond to these gentle ministrations to your flesh.

You sense movement upwards, the mouth slipping away from your leg only to connect with the base of your spine.  It is all you can do to remain still.  By now your erection has grown and you are beginning to ache for release.  And yet the slow sensuous torture that you are being subjected to continues. As the moist lips and tongue caress the indentation in your lower back, you feel a nipple graze your cheek.  It continues to tantalizingly drag across your skin as the mouth, ever moving, continues its path up to kiss your shoulder blade and nuzzle at your neck.  You feel the teeth nibble at your earlobe and, being able to bear no more, you turn over, exposing your desire for the nymph who has aroused you to this state.

You look into the smoldering eyes and gently reach for her.  But she is gone again, moving down your chest, drawing your nipples, first one, then the other into her lips, swirling her tongue around the now hardened tips.  The journey continues down your taught abdomen where she slips her tongue into your navel.   It is all but your undoing as your fists clench at your sides.  You are so engorged that it is painful to hold back, but it is such a sweet pain to endure.

She moves yet lower, to your inner thighs where she nips at the sensitive skin there.  When she finally takes you in her mouth, it is like butterfly wings on your flesh.  You have reached the point of  no return.  You try to hold on to the edge of the abyss, torn between continuing the ecstasy and giving in to the fall.  Her mouth becomes stronger, more demanding until you lose your grip.  You begin the decent, your eyes closed.  You feel as though the spasms begin at your feet, travel through your whole body and will never end.  You cry out with pleasure and reach for her head to convince yourself that it is not a dream.  The silky strands of hair slip through your fingers.  

Afterwards, the eruptions begin to subside and your pulse returns to a somewhat more normal pace.  She continues to bathe your now semi erect member with her tongue and much to your surprise, you feel the stirrings of arousal once more.  You reach down to draw her up to you, straddling her across your chest.

From here, you view her glowing skin as she rests her moistness against the hair on your chest.  You reach forward with one hand and gently insert your index finger into her juices, withdraw and taste the nectar.  Smiling roguishly, you grasp her bottom and slide her closer so you can drink from the source of her ambrosia.  Holding her firmly in place, your tongue snakes out to tease her clit.  You are as lost in the dance as she and as you continue to wreaked havoc on her senses, your hands move of their own volition to her breasts.  You tug at the firm nipples and caress the firm orbs all the while darting in and out of her pussy at a torrid pace.

You feel her orgasm build and watch in amazement as she throws back her head and moans.  Her face has become flushed and the passion makes her only more beautiful.  You replace your tongue with your fingers so that you can witness the feelings fleeting across her angelic face.  You feel the muscles gripping your fingers as the convulsions diminish and as you slide your fingers out she moves back down and collapses against your chest.

You slowly caress her smooth skin, now covered with the sheen of your joined pleasure, and raise her chin so that her face is level with yours.  You gently kiss her eyelids, her cheeks and finally her mouth.  You trace her lips with your tongue and the tastes mingle.  The combination of her perfume, her hair and the smell of you on her is intoxicating.  The moment lingers and as if in slow motion the passion again arises as she mounts you, now ready once again, and begins to ride you in a slow methodical rhythm.  You watch her as she becomes engrossed in the feelings that are being evoked by the slow stroking within her.  Her hands rise to cup her breasts with her thumbs massaging her nipples.  The sight of her with her head thrown back, her back arched and her hands roaming over her body pushes you over the edge and you feel yourself explode once again, this time simultaneous with the spasms that wrack her body.  After what seems like an eternity your breathing becomes less laboured and she has melted into your arms where she is now breathing softly and you realize that she has fallen asleep.