 Fingers trace lazy circles on your bare skin. A hand moves up your leg and feels the curving contour of your hip on the way to the small of your back. The palm is flat and hot and firm and it presses into you as you begin to feel the gentle heat of breath on your thigh. Soft kisses press into your flesh, each punctuated with the wet trace of a searching tongue. His breath is audible and he draws long, slow drinks from the air as if inhaling you between his parted lips. He exhales heavily as the palm bends into a claw and he digs into your thigh. His breath tickles the small tuft of hair between your legs and he is so very close. He kisses you just above the crease of your thigh and slides his hand from behind you to open your legs and expose you....

And you wake up.

You realize you are not alone and that you have not been dreaming. A dark shape looms over you and you hear lips parting as if preparing to speak... "Hi, Baby," and then I move back down your body as I feel it relax from the initial shock of sudden awakeness.

I'm on my way to business unfinished, but I can't resist your breasts and I stop to trace a circle around your left nipple before I surround it with my lips and draw it into my mouth. My tongue flicks gently at the swollen flesh and I hear your breath change as you enjoy my attention. You move to touch me and you discover that I am naked over you. My skin is warm and you can feel my heartbeat as your fingers trace my chest and shoulders. I am calm and steady and deliberate – and driven. I leave your nipple to move down your body, inhaling your scent as I go. I reach your stomach and stop, allowing my hands time to explore you further before I taste you. My palms race along the inside of your spread thighs and I can feel your heat as I edge closer to your sex. I know you're wet – but I won't touch just yet. I trace your lips with my fingertips and I feel you arch out toward me. I part you with my thumbs and knead your flesh, spreading the warmth, prolonging the ache. You look to me just in time to see the shadow that is my body bend down between your open legs. My face is inches from you and you can feel my breath on your wet flesh. 

You whisper the words that started it all, "Don't tease me – please..." And with that I plunge into you with my tongue, lapping at your cunt as if possessed. My lips find your clit and surround it as my tongue moves rapidly over the sensitive pearl and your hands clench into fists and pound the sheets beside you. I hear you moan and gasp in ecstasy as I play you with my tongue and lips. I return my tongue to your opening and penetrate you as deeply as I can, searching for more of your honey – and you satisfy my lust with your sweet cum. I replace my tongue with a finger and I begin to fuck you in rhythm to flicks of my tongue across your clit. You spread your legs further and your hips move to meet my hand as you moan "more!" 

I move my fingers across your lips and plunge two into you. You arch your back in approval and I move in response to your pleading body. Your breath is shallow and your hands search wildly for something to grab onto as it builds inside you. You're cumming. You're cumming and there's no stopping it. It hits you like electricity and your body convulses with the force as it runs from behind your eyes to your toes and to the very edges of your being. I keep my fingers curled inside you touching your G spot as I move my mouth to your clit and suck it inside. I ride your orgasm, refusing to release you until you are spent and limp. Your body glistens with sweat and the aftershocks still roll through your trembling body as I raise myself up over you and stare down at you ominously in shadow. My shoulders are taut and my body is straining with barely contained desire. I draw a long, loud breath and my eyes widen animalistically. It snaps your attention to me like a gunshot and you realize with near horror – or is it anticipation – that I am not done with you yet. Not nearly.

You have drawn your body tightly into a ball from the orgasm you've just enjoyed, and I move roughly to move your limbs apart and expose your supple body to my gaze. I throw your legs apart violently and spread them with my knees as I force my body closer to yours. You resist instinctively, but you know by my determination that there is no way out now. I will have you – and it thrills you to know that it's coming. I pin your arms above your head, forcing my body closer – and you can smell yourself on my lips. I flick my tongue over your lips as I did your cunt moments before, and you lap hungrily at the wetness that covers my lips and chin. Our tongues meet and I crush you with a kiss that takes the breath from you and holds you like a vise. My hands grip your wrists and you can feel my lust taking hold of my will. I rise up suddenly, leaving you gasping, and my grip relaxes as I move my hands down your arms and trace a path of kisses down your neck. Past your collar – past your breasts. I stop at your nipple – surround it with my teeth and slowly suck my breath from around it – but I move on without touching it. Past your ribs – my hands at your armpits now as I grasp your body firmly and pause. Breathing. Deliberately in. Slowly out. Measuring my prey. Savagely I lunge into your side and sink my teeth into your flesh. You cry out and convulse with the shock of searing pain. Beautiful – life giving pain consumes you as my jaw closes on you and I sink further into your skin. 

It's almost unbearable now, and I suck the flesh into my mouth and fight to restrain myself from ripping it from your body. My jaw trembles with the tension – and then it's over. The release is as painful as the bite, and I replace my teeth with soft lips and wet tongue. I move to heal the wound I have just created, and I run my tongue gently over the indentations in your flesh – created by my teeth in the fire of pain you endure. You're gasping for air, reeling from the shock – and I move over you. I am above you and you are awakened from your state of disbelief and bliss by an incidental nudge at your cunt. I am hard. And I am here. Despite the darkness you are locked in my gaze and there is nothing but us in the world. Your hands move over my chest, down my stomach, and you grip me in your hand. I feel the pressure of your fingers wrapped around my cock and I close my eyes involuntarily and moan. I love your touch. I move my hips as you slowly stroke me and I touch your clit with the head of my cock. It sends jolts of energy through you each time and you begin to use me to masturbate your clit. 

I move in rhythm to your fingers, and you spread your slickness over my length until I am running my full length over your swollen clit. As I back away to start another stroke, you position my head at your opening and I'm inside you briefly before I stroke you again. You're stroking your clit feverishly now as I move against you and our movements quicken. You stroke me – feel my length slick with you and you position me again at your opening. I begin to penetrate you and I stop – half inside you. I look into your eyes and you know my question. You meet my stare, draw a deep longing breath...

"Fuck me."

I plunge into your cunt until my full length is buried inside you. I hold there for a heartbeat then move suddenly to repeat the motion. With each stroke I fill you completely and you push your hips forward to meet me, taking every last inch of my flesh into you. You claw at my shoulders and back with sharp talons and drive my body to your will. You call my name and plead for more, for me to never stop – for me to make you cum. I am driven to satisfy you and I move to your body's demands. Quicker. Deeper. Harder. I slam into you – my thumb at your clit – your legs wrapped around me. I fuck you like an animal. My cock plunging into your beautiful cunt – your clit aching to cum. "Cum for me," I plead. I feel it building in you. 

You beg me not to stop. It's perfect. You're there. It's coming. Yes. Yes. You're cumming. You're cumming. It's right there. Do it. Let it take you. Let me make you cum. Cum on my cock. Cum with me inside you. I'm cumming. Cum with me. I love you. Oh my God I'm cumming. Yes. Ah. Yes. I'm cumming! OH GOD I'M CUMMING. ---- I explode into you as your body becomes rigid and you embrace me with your might and hold me still inside you. I feel your orgasm grip me and milk me until the shudders subside. You reach for my face and draw it to yours – you kiss me hard and long and I can feel your breath on my face. I open my eyes and see yours looking into my soul. Tears fall down your beautiful cheeks and I kiss them away – tasting the salt of joy and bliss. I stroke your hair – still inside you – touch your face and kiss you with my very soul.