 I enter the bedroom and find you laying face down on the bed. You appear to be asleep and are wearing only your panties. I sit on the bed beside you admiring what I can see of your body, unwilling to rouse you for the moment.

I am admiring the curve of your back and the length of your legs and the swell of your small bottom inside its thin covering. Your legs are slightly apart and I lean to one side so I can just see the crotch of your white panties stretching down between your legs. I move to the head of the bed and, with infinite gentleness, I begin a fingertip massage of your upper body. You stir slightly, murmuring quietly in your drowsy state. Slowly I work my way down your body to your hidden but tempting buttocks. My first touch is through the material of your panties, but I soon become bolder and slip my hands inside. A minute later I peel them down to expose your bottom. I rub your buttocks firmly, feeling their smoothness, and cause you to murmur again. Once I am sure you have drifted back to sleep, I carefully slip your panties down your legs and drop them on the floor. I begin working on the backs of your legs, easing them slightly further apart as I do so, hoping that I can catch a glimpse of your concealed sex. Finally, it becomes revealed in the shadow of your body, but I am becoming greedy now and desire to roll you over so that I may view your naked body in all its glory.

Gingerly I lift you up on one side; one breast comes into view. In the next moment you are flat on your back, but you still seem to be drowsing. I look down your body at your wonderful breasts, and begin to imagine them in my hands. Still further down your body I see, to my excitement, that you have shaved away your triangle of pubic hair. What a treat! I move to the head of the bed again and recommence the massage. Your breasts are warm and fit snugly in my hands, and I manipulate them softly around and around, lifting then flattening them gently. I enjoy the unlimited feel I am having of them, uncaring that my massage technique is meaningless. I can guess that you are still slumbering because your nipples are unresponsive to my touch; they remain quiet and flat upon your breasts.

I now work my way across your stomach, kneading it so softly, and then down to your thighs. As I work I keep peeking at your shaven sex nestling between your closed legs, and decide that I must have a better look at it. With each little massage I now move your legs a little further apart, tantalisingly slowly so as not to wake you. Eventually I spread them enough so that I can admire your little bare slit, which seems to be smiling at me. My hands are shaking, and I wonder if I may go further; dare I part your legs more to make your sex open a bit for me? I work on your calves and feet, slowly separating your legs more, and I am finally rewarded when your inner sex lips make their appearance. I reach for your pubic mound and feel its exquisite smoothness; I run my finger very softly along the length of your sex lips, but, like your nipples, they are not responding, and you are quite dry there for the moment. I lean down and plant a lingering kiss your open cleft.

At last you seem to respond to my touch; you murmur again and stretch luxuriously, spreading your arms and legs fully. You are submitting yourself wholly to my treatment as though you are saying, I'm yours. I kneel between your legs and reach up to your breasts. I suckle a nipple; at first it feels soft and unresponsive, but quickly it rises in my mouth and I roll it around with my tongue. You breathe slightly quicker and I kiss your body directly between your delicious breasts. My tongue comes out and I trail it straight down and across tummy slowly, pausing for a moment at your navel. As I continue I sense that you are holding your breath in anticipation of my tongue's arrival at the top of your slit.

Knowing that you are beginning to get excited, I veer away from your sex and kiss instead the inside of the tops of your thighs. I can see the slight dew upon the petals of your inner sex lips, but I leave them alone for the moment. You breathe out at last, but take another deep breath as you think I am about to stimulate you orally. But I make you wait just a few moments more as I draw my tongue lovingly down both sides of your outer sex lips. At last I press the tip of my tongue against your expectant clitoris, making you sigh. My fingers gently part your petals to give my tongue easy access to your sex, and you moan softly as it begins its work.

I play with you for some time like this, keeping you on the verge of an orgasm, promising much but delivering little, still making you wait for the ecstasy to come. You begin to whimper and ask me to enter you, but again and again my fingertips and tongue merely pass across your secret entrance teasingly. I only want to keep building your enjoyment gradually. At last I bring you to an orgasm and I maintain my work on your enlarged clitoris to ensure that your orgasm rolls on and on. You writhe upon the bed, now begging me for the release that only my penetration of you can offer. As if to frustrate you more, I use only my little finger as my organ of penetration, pressing it slowly into your wetness only half way. Suddenly, you cry out as your orgasm hits a peak, and I am rewarded by seeing your juices gush from you and down onto the bed. You grip the bedclothes as if trying to prevent them moving; your head rolls from side to side as you gasp and groan loudly. Your pleadings are now desperate and I know that you must have me quickly. My finger now stimulates your clitoris rapidly, driving you towards an insanity. Your back arches, thrusting your sex toward me with total abandon

Unhurriedly, I raise myself above you and place the head of my erection upon your sex lips. I tease the entrance to your vagina with it before pressing the head of my penis inside. I make you wait a little more as I tease you again and you try to impale yourself upon me in your urgency to be completely filled. At last I lower myself upon you, and my erection slides smoothly into your waiting hole, filling its emptiness, and making you groan out loud with relief. I begin pumping you slowly, again drawing out your orgasm for as long as possible, and I watch you as your waves of pleasure continue to engulf you. Gradually I increase the pace, bringing you to greater heights of ecstasy. As your biggest orgasms arrive, you shriek and bury your face in my shoulder as if to stifle them. The sight of you thus reaching your upper limits finally drives me over the top, and with some force I shoot my juice deep into you.

We fall asleep still joined.