 The sun beat down on Kevin's face and a sheen of sweat covered his tan forehead. His thin black hair was saturated with sweat and oil and his face bore an expression of determination. He felt a slight breeze whip against his body and his sweat-drenched shirt felt cool against his toned, muscular body.

Kevin concentrated on his feet and ensured that they were in the right place. He oriented himself correctly towards the net. In his hand, he held a fuzzy fluorescent green ball. He lightly tossed it against the ground letting it bounce and return to his hand. Kevin inhaled deeply and prepared himself for the serve. He kept his arm straight and threw the tennis ball into the air. His right hand gripped his tennis racquet tightly, and he brought it towards his back and prepared to hit the ball with all the force he could muster.

His dark brown eyes locked onto the tennis ball as it approached the peak of its trajectory. It slowly began to descend towards the Earth. Kevin's arm was behind his back. He flexed his upper body, and with a swift motion, he swung his arm with all the force he could summon concentrating on his form to ensure a proper hit. His racquet connected with the ball and it careened towards the other side of the court. It sailed over the net dividing the two sides, bouncing hard against the pavement before going out of bounds before his opponent even had a chance to swing.

He smiled towards his cousin whose face bore an angered expression.

"Forty, love," he called out stating the score, his deep voice sailing through the warm air of the summer day.

Kevin walked to the other side of the baseline when he suddenly made a very disturbing realization. His shorts had fallen off. He then quickly realized that he wasn't wearing shorts. He briefly stopped and looked down at his nudeness, but it didn't disturb him.

"Did you forget something there?" he heard his cousin call out in a sneering voice that also conveyed hilarity.

Kevin didn't know how to respond, but reached down with his hand and began to cover himself up, feeling a pang of guilt as he realized that he was partially naked on the tennis court.

"Fuck man, finish the game," his cousin chimed out again showing impatience.

Kevin sighed. He knew that he had to finish the game even though he was nude. His shirt was now gone as well and he was standing nude on the tennis court. He walked to the baseline with a tennis ball in hand, and tried to toss it up. However, he felt very self conscious about playing tennis while naked. His form wasn't right. He realized that he shouldn't continue even though he was so close to beating his cousin.

"Hey," Kevin called out to his cousin, as he stared down at the ground. His body language conveyed embarrassment and shame, "I... don't think I can finish man, it ain't right."

"Why not?" a sexy female voice called out to him, "You know it's right."

Kevin's eyes shot up and he saw his coworker. She was nude. Her body was simply magnificent. Her breasts were firm and full and her hips, oh, her hips. They were so wide, yet her waist was so thin. She was the living incarnation of the perfect hour glass figure, or at least, that's what Kevin was thinking at that instant. She was was a brunette and had long, silky hair. Her natural green eyes only complemented her sexy face. She was petite and her voice was sexy and sweet.

She was bent over, in a doggy-style position, with her ass up in the air revealing her perfectly shaped, hairless vulva. She waved it around rhythmically and bounced it for Kevin's viewing pleasure. Her face was low to the ground and she looked over her shoulder towards Kevin. She had a very mischievous glint in her eyes. The two were no longer at the tennis courts but they were in his coworkers cubicle.

She was still in the same position and Kevin was now inches away, completely nude. He reached out with his hands and traced his fingers along her soft, tender ass. He loved the way her flesh felt warm under his light caress. His coworker looked back at him, staring at his face with blind lust in her eyes. "Fuck me," she cooed.

Kevin had never heard her talk dirty like that, and it sounded so sexy. Especially with her sweet voice. He reached down and grabbed the base of his penis and began pushing it towards her body. His hard penis was seconds away from entering her moist vulva, but he realized something -- he was married! He shouldn't be fucking his coworker! It wasn't right, he reasoned.

But there she was, face down with her ass in the air. As if she read his thoughts, she wiggled her ass provocatively as if beckoning him to enter her. Ah, it doesn't matter, Kevin thought. A strong sense of guilt filled him but his inhibitions were currently missing in action. He grabbed the base of his penis, but then realized that it was covered by something -- a latex glove for someones hand.

Annoyed, Kevin attempted to pull it off but found that it was firmly stuck to him, almost as if it were glued onto him. His coworker sighed. Her face and body language conveyed boredom and severe annoyance. 

Her thin lips then parted, and she said, "When they say glove, that's not what they mean."

Kevin attempted to retort, but found his voice choking up. He was choking from embarrassment! He could feel his cheeks flushing. His efforts to remove the glove were futile, but that didn't stop him. He returned his hands to her thick hips and he felt his cock press against her tight pussy. Without warning, he pushed his dick, latex glove and all, into her.

Oh, it felt so good... the heat was immense. But it didn't feel like a pussy; it felt loose. Was it the glove? He really didn't care to figure out why it felt so different. Kevin thrust his hips a few times, enjoying the mind numbing sensation of an incredibly hot pussy surrounding his dick. It felt slick and tight against him. Her ass felt great bouncing against his groin. He let out a slow moan, and closed his eyes. He thrust a few more times, going deep and slow. He opened his eyes and saw that his coworker was gone. He was fucking thin-air.

It didn't matter, however. He still felt her tight pussy wrapped around his dick and it felt good. He continued to look around her cluttered cubicle and suddenly a revelation struck him.

This couldn't possibly be happening, he reasoned. It slowly dawned on him -- everything was not real. He was dreaming! As soon as he realized this, his surroundings began to slowly fade. Kevin panicked. No, he thought, her pussy felt so good, he couldn't let himself wake up now. He let out another slow moan; her hot pussy was still wrapped around his dick, and it was sliding up and down...

Kevin slowly felt consciousness returning to him. The first thing he felt was his bed and his pillows, but he kept his eyes tightly shut, somehow hoping the pleasure would continue if he kept them closed. And it worked. Or so he thought.

He also felt weight around his legs and calves. Kevin slowly opened his eyes, and tried to focus in the dark room... there was a silhouette of a figure, straddling his knees and hunched over. Her hand was wrapped around the base of Kevin's dick and her face was inches away from it. 

She dropped her face back down to the tip of his penis, and extended her long, moist tongue and began tracing patterns around it. Kevin moaned once again, louder than before, as he felt her tongue swirl around the tip of his penis. She continued to slowly tease and trace circles and intricate designs on him.

"Oh, wow," Kevin mumbled, still half asleep, "Michelle, oh wow."

Without saying a word, she pulled back and wrapped her thin lips around the tip of his penis and enveloped it. She lightly sucked and used her tongue to massage the head of his penis. The blinds to their room were open and moonlight from the almost-full moon streamed in, allowing the two of them to make out each other's bodies and faces. She slowly released her lips from around the tip of his penis and let the saliva ooze down.

"Took you long enough to wake up," Michelle said with a grin that was visible in the darkness.

"Wha..? Why, what's going on?" Kevin, who was still groggy, stupidly muttered. The remnants of his fragmented dream were quickly evaporating from his memory, and he was still attempting to figure out what was happening.

Michelle smiled and used her right hand which was wrapped around the base of his penis to slowly massage his shaft, and spread some of the slick saliva around. She used her left hand to fix her silky hair and push a few loose strands behind her shoulders. Her dark hair had a band around it forming a loose ponytail. Kevin's mind returned to the previous night. He had arrived home from work at around 11:30 and he was utterly exhausted. He had been working extra hours as a project deadline was approaching. His wife was in bed reading a book. They had been married for about two-years. He had talked with her for a few minutes before drifting straight to sleep. 

He turned his face and looked at the alarm clock at the side of his bed. 4:33, it read. He had been asleep for five or so hours.

"Well," Michelle said softly in her sweet voice, "I woke up, and couldn't help but notice something... you had your hand wrapped around your cock."

"Did I?" Kevin said dreamily. His body felt tight and stiff.

She was still moving her hand up and down slowly along his penis, and her saliva felt slick and wet against him. Her face was still dangerously close to his penis, and with each breath, he felt her hot air touch his penis which provided an intense cooling sensation. She slowly added in a very sultry voice, "And then I had this mischievous idea."

Kevin was finally fully awake. He looked down at her body. She was still wearing her night clothes, which was a white camisole and a pair of matching white boyshorts. Kevin had first thought it was a strange combination for sleeping, but it quickly grew on him after she had performed some of her wicked lap-dances for him. It was a killer combination -- her petite, curved tan frame and tight clothing. Kevin couldn't really complain. The thought of it was nearly blasphemous.

She had a slender, petite frame, with beautiful natural breasts. They were a bit smaller than Kevin would have preferred for visual enjoyment, however, she more than made up for it with a nice round ass. She was most likely too skinny for her own good but she wasn't unhealthy looking. Her straight, dark brunette hair and hazel eyes complemented her sexy face and body. She had a triangular face with a pronounced jaw and delicate features. Her face was simply adorable. Her almond eyes were slanted, almost naturally conveying a mischievous look to them, yet at the same time, her face portrayed ultimate cuteness. Her lips were a little thinner than he would have preferred, but when they were wrapped around him, he had no right to complain.

Through the moonlit room, she looked at Kevin and her eyes locked with his. Her hand moved up and down, applying pressure to his foreskin. It was nearly hypnotic watching her slender hand move up and down. She pulled her hand down and broke eye contact and slowly lowered her face towards his dick once more. Her mouth was several inches away from his penis, and her lips were so round and soft. She licked them briefly, before delicately parting them and revealing her tongue.

As she moved her hand, she ran her tongue across the underside of Kevin's glans. He lightly moaned as her tongue rubbed against him. It was unbelievably soft and warm. The texture was amazing -- it provided pressure against his dick yet was unimaginably soft. She continued to lick the underside of his head and simultaneously moved her right hand along his shaft.

Michelle brought her left hand into play by slowly tracing it along Kevin's nude body. Sleeping nude did have it's benefits; there was no need for Kevin to stop and disrobe. She brought her left hand above the base of his penis, and rubbed it through his thin, trimmed pubic hair. She slowly pulled back with her tongue and then brought her mouth to the tip of his penis.

She held onto the base of his penis and firmly held it in place. She slowly kissed the tip, almost as if worshiping it, before sliding her lips around and enveloping it into her hot mouth. She sucked slightly and her cheeks puckered. Kevin felt her slick cheeks rubbing against the side of his penis, and couldn't help but let out a small, pleasurable groan. Her tongue was on the underside of his penis, rubbing along his glans as she moved her face back and forth, fucking his hard dick with her soft, lovely mouth.

Her eyes remained fixed on Kevin's groin and showed what seemed to be fierce determination. She bounced up and down and began to swirl her tongue. She began to move faster and faster with her face swallowing only a couple of inches of his six inch penis. Her right hand furiously rubbed against his shaft. The feeling was intense. Kevin moaned, and his hip naturally thrust and he exhaled, "Whoa girl, slow down."

Kevin brought his hand down to her face, and traced it along her hairline. She slowed down, and slid her lips off his penis, and smiled. "Too much, huh?"

"No, I just want this to last," Kevin replied, with what he was sure was a dumb grin.

Michelle still had her right hand loosely around the base of his slick penis. She slowly slid it up and down. Michelle lowered her face and began tracing circles along the side of his dick with her tongue. She moved her right hand away, and brought them up to his stomach which was were her left hand was resting. She started rubbing her hands across Kevin's body while she licked his dick, which stood straight up. The only thing that was touching it was the tip of her tongue. It begged for so much more attention than her sole tongue could provide.

Kevin exhaled deeply. His eyes closed, and he pushed his head back further into his pillow and concentrated on the pleasurable feelings of her tongue sliding across his shaft. He loved the weight of her body on his legs and how her hands were moving across his body. He loved how Michelle paid attention to these little things.

He continued to enjoy the sensations, feeling the cool wind from the waning summer night blow into their room through the open window. He loved the way the moonlight created a bluish hue to the night and how he could see her body clearly, yet how it seemed so distant. Kevin inhaled deeply, savoring the combination of fresh air and the scent of his wife. 

It had been a while since Michelle had sucked him off. A blow job had primarily become a quick precursor to their normal sexual routine. Kevin briefly wondered what would happen in the next few minutes. Would she suck him off or would she mount him and fuck him silly? Kevin imagined her sliding up and slowly removing her top, tossing it aside, and burying her face against his and kissing him with blinding passion. Her soft breasts would push up against his chest and he would wrap his arms around her and pull her close. She would moan softly and revel in the feeling of being wrapped up by her man. The two would gaze into one another's eyes, and they'd melt into one another. He imagined her hot pussy slide up and against his cock and finally envelop it in all its tight warmness.

His penis surged at the thought and he subconsciously flexed it, and Michelle moaned as she licked his dick. Kevin opened his eyes and saw Michelle's large, almond eyes staring back at him. She cooed, "You like that, huh?"

Kevin didn't respond nor did he have to. His face and body language was more than enough convey the pleasure he was receiving. His legs had stiffened up and his breathing had become deep and heavy. Michelle was now tracing her warm, moist tongue along the base of his penis, licking and briefly flicking over his scrotum.

The licking of his scrotum wasn't nearly as erotic as it looked, but it was the anticipation that made him groan and go dizzy with pleasure. The thought of a beautiful girl licking his body and giving his most sensitive area her complete attention and playing with it so tenderly was simply mind-numbing. Michelle brought her tongue slowly to the underside of his penis towards the base. She licked up along the underside, her tongue flat and long, lapping at it, as if she were eating ice cream. Her tongue reached just beneath the head of his penis, and she stopped there, licking it and flicking her tongue over the sensitive area. She continued towards the top, and she retracted her tongue into her mouth and doused it with her saliva. Her lips parted, and she slowly wrapped them around the head of his penis. She briefly brandished her teeth and with delicate precision, used her teeth to grip his foreskin and move it around, making Kevin burn with anticipation. She pulled her teeth back, swirled her tongue around his head, and began moving up and down using a much slower pace than she had been.

Kevin once again closed his eyes. He brought his hands down to hers and took them in his. Their fingers intertwined and Kevin gently squeezed her soft, delicate fingers between his. Her lips were enveloped around Kevin's dick, and she was swirling her tongue and moving up and down. She wasn't sucking this time, but loosely fucking his dick with her tight mouth.

Kevin couldn't help but think about their first time together... the first time she had gone down on him. It had been so much different than all the other relationships he had been in -- the major fact being that Michelle was a virgin at the time of their marriage. Kevin had never been one to believe in the saving sex for marriage, but Michelle was. Before he had met her, Kevin had never imagined falling madly in love with a girl who wouldn't give it up but it had only made their relationship so much more exotic and romantic.

The first few dates had been full of sexual tension, at least for Kevin. This wasn't the case with Michelle. It took Kevin a while to get used to this, but he respected her beliefs which had nothing to do with religion. He liked her so much at the time that nothing, not even sex, would make him abandon her. He was able to concentrate on her; her body, her smile, and most importantly, her brilliant personality. As time progressed he slipped into love. The sex didn't matter anymore; Kevin only wanted her. She made him feel like he was experiencing love again for the first time... every time he laid eyes on her, his breath would be taken away and it felt as if he was floating in midair. Every single other emotion felt drowned and dulled out; overshadowed by his towering love for her. Everything in his life seemed dull and dim without her, and he would cherish their hours together. What only amplified their feelings was that Michelle felt the same way about him.

Their wedding night didn't even have as much sexual tension as Kevin expected, in fact, they didn't even do anything their wedding night... they simply relaxed with one another's company, almost in awe that they were finally married. They slept that night, in a euphoric state, with arms wrapped around one another. They had sex not too long afterwards, but what shocked Kevin the most was Michelle's attitude. He kind of expected her to be quiet and shy, but it turned out to be the exact opposite.

She had held off on sex for twenty-two years and she wasn't eager to hold anything back. She would communicate exactly what she liked and what she wanted, and would surprise him by trying new things. She wasn't ashamed of her inexperience, rather, she took everything as a learning experience and was determined to be the best girl in bed. His previous girlfriends, who presumably had much more experience than her, weren't nearly as confident in their sex as she was. He had heard the saying once -- a lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets -- and that statement was Michelle's sexual motto. She was a nice, polite good girl in public, but when they were alone together, she was wild. And a testament to this motto was the way she had wrapped her lips around his cock, and how she was trying to stuff it deep down into her mouth trying to fit as much of it in as possible.
