 "I've got a favor to ask you, Jim. A really big favor."

She bit her bottom lip as she thought about just how to put it to him. She was at the end of her rope, didn't know what else to do, but even so, the plan she'd hatched was a bit risky. Risky? Downright audacious would be a better way of describing it.

"I want you to sleep here tonight. With me. With us."

To say that Jim was shocked would have been like saying the Titanic had had a minor fender-bender in the North Atlantic. His jaw dropped visibly and he was dumb-struck.

"Sleep, uh, sleep. Here. You mean right here. Tonight."

"Oh, Jim, please do it. Please. I can't stand it anymore. I'm going absolutely crazy, totally off the charts crazy, and I need for you to understand what it's like. I need you to understand how all this is making me feel. I don't know what else to do. Please say you'll do it. Please. You and I are both adults. Everything will be fine. Oh, please, Jim."

They were both adults, alright. That was what worried him. And thrilled him. It was as if Barbara Eden had just jumped into the room and granted him his fondest wish. His girlfriend, Nancy, the woman of his dreams, the woman who he had been trying to seduce for months now without much success, had just invited him to share her bed tonight.

Try not to appear too eager, he said to himself. He thought of Ol' Brer Rabbit pleading not to be thrown into the briar patch, when that was precisely where he was hoping to end up.

Of course, there was a big hitch, and he knew exactly what it was. When Nancy said, "sleep," she meant "sleep." A wanton night of sex was definitely not what she was suggesting, and he well knew it. Still, it would be a pretty dumb fox who would refuse an invitation into the hen house.

"Well, I don't know, Nancy. This may not be such a good idea," he ventured.

She put her hands on his arms and held him tightly. "If you don't say yes, I'm just going to lose it. I'm about this close to moving out, and I don't have any idea where I'll end up. Please Jim, I need you to understand how it's been. Do it because you love me."

And, he did love her.

"Okay. I'll do it because I love you."

She squealed and leapt into his arms, and they kissed each other deeply.

*********

Nancy was a gorgeous brunette, tall, long legs, a figure to make a man's heart quicken, a smile to light up Grand Central Station. She and Jim had been friends since childhood, and over the past two years they'd been dating each other seriously. But when it came to sex, Nancy had been absolutely unyielding. They could kiss, they could touch each other discretely while fully dressed, but anything more was strictly off-limits. Nancy was worried that being sexual together might ruin their long and wonderful friendship, and in truth, Jim himself had some concerns. For a year now they'd been talking about marriage, and Nancy was determined to wait.

Lately, life had become a bit difficult for her. Nancy was a junior in college, and her college dormmate was Lydia, another longtime friend. Nancy and Lydia were like sisters, but the two women couldn't have been more opposite when it came to their philosophies about men and dating. Lydia's credo: any man who didn't want to take her to bed ten minutes after meeting her wasn't worth the time of day. Lately, Lydia had taken to bringing her conquests back to the dorm with her where they would noisily consummate their lust for each other in Lydia's single bed, just feet away from Nancy, who hid under the covers of her own bed across the room.

According to Nancy's reports, which Jim eagerly awaited, Lydia and her various dates would go at it for hours, shaking the furniture, making all manner of noises, trying every position known to man, sometimes chasing each other around the room naked and in heat... And Nancy, paying rapt attention while feigning sleep, was utterly mortified by the whole thing. At least, that was her claim.

Jim figured she probably was, at least partly. But he also wondered what sort of passions, other than embarrassment, might be awakening each night as she listened to her roommate cry out while being pounded and eated by a succession of hungry men. He was about to find out. And, even if Nancy turned out to be dead from the neck down, he was right eager at the prospect of listening to Lydia in action from the fifty-yard-line.

*************

"Jim's going to stay the night," Nancy announced to Lydia.

"Oh, he is! Well, then maybe I should find another place to sleep tonight while you two get acquainted," she smiled. She flirted with Jim, raising her eyebrows as she smiled at him, and he flirted right back.

"No!" Nancy protested. "It isn't like that at all. Jim's just sleeping over with me. Really. It's like I was telling you before, it makes me nervous to be in the room when you're, when you're, well, you know..."

"Screwing?" offered Lydia. "Fine with me, Jim. The more the merrier. I don't think I'll be in until around midnight. If you don't want to catch the action, you'd both better be in bed and asleep by then!"

"Thanks for the warning," he said, smiling.

**************

He and Nancy went out to eat and had a wonderful time, walking in the moonlight around the campus, laughing, teasing each other, kissing under the huge oak trees in the commons. They returned to the room about 11pm and got down to particulars.

"You know, I didn't bring any sleepwear with me. I, um, I don't normally wear any clothes to bed," he said, hesitantly.

"Oh! You don't? Um, well, I've got a pair of men's boxers and I was kindof thinking you could wear them. Would that okay?" she offered. He wondered if she was beginning to have second thoughts.

"Perfectamente, my beautiful Queen!" he said with a bow. She giggled. "And what will my lady be wearing to bed tonight?"

"My usual Tweetie nightshirt, of course." She pulled it from her drawer with a flourish. Quite modest, he noted.

They took turns using the bathroom, and she suggested that he climb into the single bed first, back against the wall, so that he'd be facing Lydia's bed across the room. She wanted to be able to turn her back on the action, which meant he'd be able to see everything. Sounded fine to him. The bed was small, of course, and as she lowered herself into it, her hip pressed against his cock. She didn't seem to realize it, in all of the shuffling, and he quickly moved to minimize contact and give her as much room as possible. He discretely tucked himself out of the way and told himself to try to relax. Think third-grade pajama party.

"This is nice," she whispered, as she snuggled into bed and they each made themselves comfortable. "This really means a lot to me, Jim. I'm never going to forget it."

"I hope you're right about that," he wisecracked. His own hopes were higher than a kite, but he tried to calm himself. His left leg was touching hers and his arm was across her tummy. Every place their bodies made contact felt to him like it had been heated at the tip of a blowtorch. Already, his heart rate had doubled.

They kissed softly, and soon their tongues were exploring each other's mouths. He ran his fingers through her wonderfully soft hair and caressed her face with his fingertips, breathing deeply, inhaling her scent, memorizing her feel. He placed little kisses on her forehead and eyelids, pressed his face into her hair and nuzzled her ear, caressed her lips with his own, alternately moving his tongue deep within her and backing off, making light, gently sweeps of his tongue and lips over the soft skin of her face.

After only a few minutes, they were both drenched in sweat.

She broke their kiss.

"Whew! I had no idea two people could generate so much heat!" She threw off the blanket, leaving them covered only by the thin, cotton sheet.

"Um, why don't you take your nightshirt off?" he suggested, helpfully.

"What!? Are you crazy?"

"No. Look, you're wearing your bra and panties, which isn't really any different than wearing a bikini at the beach, something I've been happy to see you in many times. Besides which, we're both covered by this sheet, which makes everything even more private. You'll be much cooler. Really!"

She thought about it, and after a moment she disappeared under the covers, moving this way and that, until at last the Tweetiebird nightshirt came flying from underneath the sheet.

"Oh, wow, that feels better already," she whispered. She turned and found his lips again.

He put his arm around her and pulled her closer, and was rewarded by feeling her ample, bra-covered breasts pressing against his chest. His erection was now painfully trapped down his leg, threatening to rip through his boxer shorts. Patience would either reward him or kill him. His hand drifted to her back and began lazily drawing circles along the warm skin of her spine.

He moved his fingers in little patterns down her back until the rise of her tail-bone, where he moved them just a little beneath the elastic band of her panties, teasing her ass. Back out again and up, tracing designs along her shoulder blades, sometimes lifting her bra-strap to allow him better access, sometimes skipping up to where he could run his fingers through the moist short hairs at the back of her neck.

Just then, the door opened and Lydia entered with her latest conquest. Nancy broke off their kiss.

"Are you two comfy?" Lydia called out.

"We were just going to sleep," Nancy replied.

"My roommate has a sleepover buddy with her tonight, too," she whispered to the guy she was leading through the door. "We're going to have to put on an especially good show tonight!"

"Oh, really!" he replied. "Well, I think I'm ready if you are, babe."

In the darkness, Jim heard the sounds of two people kissing eagerly, and of clothes rustling as they hurried to rid themselves of all that kept them apart. In the gray light of the moon coming through the curtains, Jim could see Lydia wiggling out of her jeans and pulling her shirt over her head. Then she turned her back on her date and faced Nancy's bed, where she somehow knew Jim would be watching. She reached up behind her and unfastened her bra, holding it in the front while she shrugged the shoulder straps off, then letting it fall. She ran her fingers lightly over the pleasant curves of her breasts, and her hands were joined from behind her by those of her boyfriend. Continuing to stare right at Jim, she slowly eased off her panties and let them drop the the floor. Then she spread her legs and dropped her hand to her dark mound, rubbing herself gently while her boyfriend kissed her neck and attended to her breasts.

"What are they doing," Nancy whispered to him.

"Ummm, it's a little hard to tell in the dark..." was his reply.

"Ohhh, lover, kiss my nipples," Lydia moaned, as she turned around and gave herself to the man behind her. Soon, she lowered herself into her bed and stretched out. The action became a bit indistinct, but the sounds of wet kisses and moans and urgings soon filled the room.

"You see!" whispered Nancy. "You see what it's like?"

"Yeah. I'm not comfortable. My leg is cramping up. Need to move a bit."

He shifted his position and freed his aching cock, which now felt like it had grown to twice its normal erect size, then he leaned into her, straddling her left thigh with his lets. His cock pressed into her soft thigh as he searched for her lips and kissed her.

She gasped but said nothing, her tongue eagerly meeting his. He pulled her tightly against him and kissed her hard, dropping his hand to her ass where he gently kneaded her cheeks as he held her close. His left leg was between her sweaty thighs, and as they moved imperceptibly, he flexed his leg higher, keeping up the pressure, until he felt his own thigh pressed against the moisture of her pussy. She gasped in yet another hot breath.

"God, yes! Suck my clit, baby! Oh, my god, oh, my god. Oh, your tongue feels so hot! Dear god, suck me harder, baby! Ohhhhhhh, suck me harder. Make me cum. Ohhhhhhh, Mmmmmmmmmm."

The sounds from across the room were becoming fevered. Jim began bathing Nancy's throat with kisses, licking her salty flesh with his tongue, tracing a path down her long, sensitive throat to her collar bone, then up to her shoulder. He slipped her bra strap off her shoulder to allow him to kiss every square inch of her shoulder, and when he had finished, he dragged his lips along her chest, moving down, feeling the rise of her breast, nuzzling the baby-soft skin of her breast with his lips and tongue. Soft kisses here, down to the deep valley, then somewhat lower, letting his mouth slowly push the fabric of her bra cup down, down, exposing more and more of her to his hot mouth. As he did this, he increased the pressure on her mound with his thigh, and began an almost imperceptible movement there, up and down, up and down.

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming, oh, my godddddd, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh," came a strangled voice from across the room as Lydia's lover threw her over the edge of her first orgasm.

"Jim. Jim. Oh, God, Jim. Ohhh, that feels so good. Ohhh, yes," Nancy whispered.

Another movement of his mouth, and her breast was fully exposed to him. He pulled her swollen nipple between his lips and sucked, hard.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh," came the involuntary release from Nancy's lungs. He circled her nipple with his tongue and began stroking it in an erotic rhythm, and as he did so, he felt her hand press against his head, pushing him more firmly into her chest. He opened his mouth and took as much of her full breast in as he could, drawing circles with his tongue, suckling her with his lips, flicking the rigid flesh of her nipple with quick light strokes of the tip of his tongue.

"Ahhhhhhhhh, oh, yesssssssssss, ohhhhhhhhh please, oh Jimmmmm." Her voice was barely above a whisper as she tried desperately to hide the feelings that were beginning to overwhelm her.

"Unnnnngggggh. Give it to me. Give it to me. Dear God, you're so huge!" He looked over to see Lydia sitting up in bed, apparently impaling herself on her lover. "Ohhh, my god. Fill me with your big cock, lover. Fill me up. God, dear god. I want to ride you like a stallion!"

Jim moved his left hand down Nancy's back and slipped it beneath her panties. Her cool ass cheeks were damp with sweat, and he squeezed them gently as he built up pressure on her nipple. Then, he dipped his fingers between her cheeks, index finger extended, and slid his hand down through the musty wetness until his fingers found her open lips, wet and longing. From this position, he could hold her entire mound in his hand, and he cupped his hand over her as he probed between her lips with his index finger, searching for and locating her clitoris.

He gave her just a single, long stroke all the way back to her opening.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she panted. "Oh, no. Oh, please." He touched her again, and this time she squealed loudly. He stroked her again, and again, and there was no turning back. He began a light rhythm on her clit, stroking her to match what his tongue was doing to her nipple, varying the intensity, the speed, moving away to explore her more, and then coming back again, building her up but not letting her go. He slipped his finger deep into her pussy, then a second, stroking in and out of her, then he returned to her clitoris where he went urgently to work. No more games, no more waiting. It probably took less than 30 seconds.

"Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, oh, Jim, oh, oh, yessssss, ohhhhhhh, oh please, pleaseeeeeeeeeeee." And then, she shook violently and began trembling all over as a deep moan escaped from the very depths of her soul. He kept up his rhythms as she lost all control, as she rose to the edge of life itself, and seemed to float there, unable to come down, not wanting to come down. Then, it happened again.

"Jim!!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh, oh, sweet lover, oh, my goddddddddd, ohhhhhhhhh." And she suffered another earthquake, rocking her violently. He pulled back this time, slowly reducing the stimulation, letting her come down from that awful and marvelous high. He kissed her cheeks, her lips, her eyelids, and soon she returned his kisses as she panted for breath.

"Lover, my sweet lover, I, I have never, ever felt so, so glorious!" she whispered. "I can't believe it!" Meanwhile, Lydia, too, was in the throes of an orgasm as her boyfriend du jour pounded her unmercifully.

"That was incredible! That was absolutely incredible." She kissed him deeply, then pulled back again.

"I'm burning up, and you must be, too," she whispered. Saying nothing more, she quickly removed her bra and panties, then got up on all fours to straddle him and slip his boxers off. She looked him in the eyes, her full breasts swinging invitingly, above him, then reached between her legs and enclosed his cock in her hand. She'd never touched him before. Now, she grasped him like she never wanted to let go.

"Ohhhhh," he groaned as she fondled him and slid her fingers over the length of his sweaty organ.

Silently, she stroked his cock as she kissed him deeply, letting her nipples drag lightly over his chest as she moved from side to side over him. He was very close and he knew it.

"Be careful, Nancy. Be careful. I don't have much control left."

"You won't need much," she whispered. Lowering her hips slightly, she rubbed the swollen head of his cock against her wet pussy lips and pressed him against her opening. She smiled down at him. He barely dared to hope that it was true, when he felt the downward pressure, felt himself slipping past her lips and into the hot depths of her, inch after inch until she suddenly stopped. And closed her eyes. And bit her lower lip. And pressed down hard with a whimper, pushing him past her hymen, down and down until he filled her to the very depths.

She stretched out her long legs alongside his and pressed again, wiggling until their pubic hair tangled and their mounds merged into one.

She kissed him wantonly now and began to move. He moved as well and they slipped apart, then came back together, feeling the ancient rhythm between them for the first time. She lifted herself up on her elbows and offered him her breasts, which he eagerly took, suckling first one nipple and then the other. Her nipples had grown long and thick, engorged with her passion.

They moved more quickly, pumping and twisting. The hot moisture of her pussy, the tightness of her hold on his cock took his breath away. The feeling of him filling her up, bursting and nearly breaking her, took her breath away. Their breaths became erratic as their pleasure rose rapidly towards the place where there would be no turning back. She became frantic, and he sucked hard on her left nipple as she drove herself towards the cliff, fully intending to throw herself over the edge.

"I'm going to cum inside of you, Nancy! Pull off me. Let me pull out!"

"No! No! This is too wonderful. Do it!!! Fill me up, lover. Oh, dear god, I'm cumming again, unnnnnggggghhhhh!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

And as she began to tremble and her pussy contracted on his cock, he exploded, flooding her, pouring his hot seed into her, filling her to overflowing, the warm flood squeezing out past his cock and wetting her lips as she continued to move, determined to pump every last drop from his wonderful cock.

After awhile, she simply collapsed, panting into his neck. Then, she began giggling and kissed him again and again, whispering her love, her devotion, her undying appreciation for all he had done for her.

"I didn't plan it this way, you know. I don't know what came over me. I can't believe we did that. That was so incredible, Jim! Do you mind?" she whispered, cautiously.

"Mind?! It was fantastic! You are absolutely wonderful, Nancy. This was the most fantastic experience of my life," he replied.
