 Widowed, retired, cold...all in four months. 

Well, OK, the cold suddenly happened the week after Thanksgiving with a surprising drop in temperature and a freak storm off the Atlantic. Eight inches of heavy, wet snow! I actually looked forward to getting the snow blower going and playing Man by throwing snow around, albeit with a machine not my "strong back and arms."

As I finished my short driveway and sidewalk, I noticed the houses around me had not started to clean out. I had lots of gas, no other plans, and the only snow blower, so I started out. Three of the families included two divorcees with children and one class B "widow" whose husband was trying to sell their home in Indiana before joining her and the girls here. 

********************

Ring--Ring! The doorbell? But who, today? Janey was peering through the side window as I opened the door. "Thanks for helping us, Mr. Donley. Mom wanted to offer you lunch, but saw you were already at the Isher's drive. Here is some soup, fresh rolls and a salad. Hope you enjoy, and thanks again." With a flash of her bright smile, Janey was off through the middle of my yard, enjoying kicking the snow.

"Thanks Shawna. The soup was delicious and a real treat. Mind if I bring your things over?" 

"Sure, this is a great time. Would you like some coffee, or tea?" 

"Coffee would be great." I almost hoped she was going to add "or me? to the offer of coffee or tea. Lynn had died unexpectedly in late Summer, and I was adrift after that. We had enjoyed 41 years of a great marriage, then ground through four years of disintegration. We each blamed the other, but in hindsight, we had both refused to keep adjusting and compromising. I missed her, but not the tension of the last four years. But I did miss her, and realized that I missed being around a "her," sort of any nice woman for a balance. 

"Come in. Kids are home from school again today, so things are hectic. Hope you don't mind." After an hour of coffee, yesterday's rolls and jam, I was relaxed and comfortable at the table. And so was Shawna. Pretty, a little overweight, washed out golden red hair and blue eyes, Shawna had the look of a tired Mom. Her husband had moved them into this nice big home four years earlier, then within six months moved out to live with one of the girls in the office. I had seen Shawna and the kids do without, manage to keep the house, settle in, and get back on their feet. The children were well behaved, cute and over the past year had begun to open up more, especially Janey. 

"Thanks again for doing the snow yesterday. It would have taken us hours, and frankly, I'm not sure I am quite up to it. I keep busy, but obviously I am not a gym rat!" 

"You look great!" which drew a skeptical wry look from Shawna. "No, seriously, you look great. Most of your neighbors would love to have that head of hair and everything," I stammered. "Thanks, and would they want these 40 pounds?" Shawna laughed. Her eyes were sparkling and her teeth flashed through a smile, but I could see she was self conscious. "Yes, they just might if they could keep the curves and your smile!" I could not believe I was commenting on body shape to a neighbor in her kitchen. How did I get here? 

Jimmy came in the kitchen asking about lunch, which suddenly became an offer to me. "Thanks for the offer, but I have some of your soup from yesterday and need to go out. I really enjoyed the chat. Thanks. It was the first family interaction I have enjoyed for a while. Really thanks. Why don't you come over for coffee sometime?"

As I cleaned the dishes that evening, I imagined Shawna in her kitchen. She really was attractive, and must have been a real looker in high school when she probably met her husband. She was probably only 35. How miserable to think you are not attractive, a failure, and lonely at 35. And with two kids, she could not exactly go out to troll for dates. 

"Can I drop by?" Shawna asked'" "Sure, come over. But I've got the treat this time." I answered. Though was a little surprised to hear from Shawna the next morning. "Here are some muffins. Janey baked them yesterday. She likes you. Janey has mentioned how you always say hi to her and Jimmy, ask about their school and such. She really took it hard when their dad took off. I think he moved her to pretend to set us up a notch, but had planned to leave all along. When we sold our home, his girl friend bought it, with his, our, money. And that Shit, oh sorry, moved right back in. The only things he did do decently was to pay for this home and leave my part of 'our' business in my name. Of course it was Daddy's money which had given us the investment to start up."

OK, I thought...yesterday I knew she was Shawna, her kids were Janey and Jimmy, the husband had dumped them....and now I knew more than I had ever wanted to know. Last year, I had been a VP in a company, making good money and eating lunches with peers. Now I was sitting in my kitchen learning about stuff I never imagined--like a bad TV program.

Shawna's eyes teared up. "You must miss your wife?" "Yes. Forty-five years, you wonder how to go on," I lied. Actually I had discovered I was pretty self centered and enjoyed being alone. As I placed the tissue in Shawna's hand, she grasped mine, and held it as she dabbed her eyes with her other hand. "You are really kind. I needed those compliments yesterday, even if they are not true. Thanks."

I looked at Shawna, her eyes, her face and realized she really was a good looking woman. "But you are good looking. Pretty. Well frankly you are quite beautiful, you know. We never really talked much or had spent any time, so I had never really seen you. But you are very pretty. I hope you know that." "I used to think so in high school, but Jim said I had gotten dumpy. Hell, it was doing all his scut work and being a Mom...Sorry."

"You are fine..." and I started to pull my hand away. But Shawna held on to my hand, and pulled it to her large breast. Her nipple hardened on the back of my hand, and I felt her gently pull my hand and rub her hard nipple. Her gaze rose to meet mine and she pulled me closer and let out a long sigh. I was hooked. If she was baiting a hook, my stiffening cock was ready to bite. I raised two fingers and rubbed Shawna's nipple, responding to her invitation. Her eyes half closed, and I gently pinched her nipple between my fingers. She was not looking at me anymore, but was just letting me stroke her breast. I leaned forward and lightly kissed her lips as I used my other hand to stroke her tear streaked cheek. My kiss had been light, but her mouth pressed into mine and her tongue drove between my lips and sought mine, twisting and probing and diving deeply. She was hungry, and had wakened my own hunger. As I stroked her breasts , she sighed deeply and reached for my shoulders. I stood and felt my cock push into her soft belly. She pushed her hips into me and we kissed. 

Shawna grasped my cock, hesitated and stroked me. I was nervous that I was not enough to please her, but she held me almost to the point of pain. She was desperate. I held her face and kissed her softly again, leaning back and stroking her neck and her breasts as I moved down to grab handfuls of ass and pulled her to me. She let go and held me tight, grinding into me. As I sought her eyes, I saw she was trembling, with closed eyes and an intense tightness on her face. I pulled her face up and she looked at me. 

I slipped my hands inside her shirt and cupped her large breasts, kneading her nipples and heard her sharp intake of breath. I loosened the tie strings on her loose sweats and felt for her pussy. A tangle of hair grabbed my fingers as I found a slick wetness between her legs. She tightened up, refusing me access, and I withdrew, rubbing her mound and stroking the hood over her clit. Another sharp intake of breath and she relaxed, then slightly spread her legs, accepting my finger. In seconds she was humping my finger pressed into me thigh. My god, she is getting off on this? I was afraid I would cum, and moved so my cock was not rubbing against her. She was humping me harder and I and I moved away and took her to the large couch in the den. 

I dropped her pants around her ankles and noticed the granny panties. I gently pushed her back onto the couch and kneeled between her thick thighs. The reddish blond hairs were thick around her pants, and I rubbed over the wet spot and along her thighs. I breathed hotly on her pussy and felt her spread her thighs farther apart. My hard tongue traced her thick pussy mound and her pants were wetter and her juices sopped her pants. I pulled aside the band of her panties and placed my hard tongue between her lips and lapped from the bottom up to her clit. Slowly, deeply, penetrating her slit and then tonguing her clit. Her fingers were in my hair, guiding my tongue and holding me over her clit. I pulled her so I could lick deep into her pussy and was rewarded by a sudden streaming of fresh juices. I sucked on her pussy lips, tongued her pussy, and then her clit. I gently sucked in her clit while steadily tonguing the nub, she began to shudder, then a low moan preceded a gasp, and a loader moan as she pulled my head down and I felt her abdomen convulse and shake. She cried out, and moaned and then with a deep guttural cry screamed in excitement. I never let up, just kept gently tonguing and sucking her sensitive clit and she held me there. I had been pinching her nipples and squeezing her full breasts. She bucked me hard, "Stop! Stop! Ohhhhhhh." As she collapsed down on the couch, I gently laid my wide soft tongue on her clit. She winced and I pushed her back and just moaned on her, not moving my tongue, but letting it sooth her and feel me, but without the ribbing and friction. She sobbed, "Oh my God." 

When I met her eyes, Shawn had a gloss of satisfied excitement. She suddenly looked shyly at me, as if..."What just happened?" I stood up and straddled her thick thighs and kissed her. "Isn't that the sweetest juice you ever tasted? Doesn't that make you want more? I do." I wasn't done, but was afraid she was. I wasn't sure what she had planned, but hoped I had given her what she needed, if not wanted. My cock was tenting out and she might pretend she did not see it, but when I kissed her and pressed into her belly, she couldn't ignore it. But she did not take it, rip my clothes off, suck it in, or cram it into her pussy. She shyly said, "I'd better go. I left some things at home. Uh, I'd better head back." 

Well not my plan, but then I had not had any plan when the morning started, so couldn't or shouldn't complain. "Shawna, you are a special lady. Hope I did not embarrass you. You are just so, well sexy that my passion overcame me" as I stood up, and pulled her up be the hand. As she bent down to pull up her pants, I stopped her, and bending over, gave her nipple a solid kiss through the material of her shirt and heavy bra, and gave her clit a light kiss as I pulled her pants up. Her thatch was glistening with her juices and my spit, and her panties were caught on one lip so her pussy was half visible. She had not shaved her legs, and I realized while she had wanted something, she might not have been prepared for this.

"Would you and the kids like to come over for some dinner? All my recipes are for four, so I can practice without a mound of leftovers. How about it?"

"Eh, sure. Next week some time?"

"Sure, or tomorrow night would be great if the kids don't have plans for you. Let me know." And I gave her a light kiss, while hugging her closely.