 This is a work of fiction, any similarities between real people and the characters in this story are completely coincidental. 

This story is all my own work and I give only Literotica.com the right to publish this on their website. All characters portrayed are over the age of 18.

This is my first submission of a story, ever! I hope you all enjoy it.

Now the boring part is over -- Enjoy! 

----------------------------------------------

It had been too long, they both agreed that. That was the problem with him working away. It had been a week since they had last spoken, almost a month since they had last seen each other and nearly twice that since they'd had sex! Yes. Definitely too long. But now they were here, together, having a night out in town and an empty house when they got back. This was going to be good!

James had got ready in plenty of time and ended up driving the long way to her house, enjoying the feeling of anticipation and looking forward to seeing his girlfriend for the first time in what seemed like and age. He had opted for the rugged t-shirt, with an open shirt over the top, and denim jeans look that he knew she loved, with enough stubble to look grizzled but not enough to look unkempt, with a nice pair of sketchers to make his night comfortable. He pulled up outside her house a little before eight and sat for a few minutes with the engine running before making his way up to her front door.

After knocking and waiting for a few moments, his girlfriend's mother answered and gave him the biggest smile followed quickly by a short hug.

"I'll let her know you're here, Katie's been talking about nothing else all week. I'm surprised that she wasn't waiting at the end of our driveway!" She chortled as she turned away and called upstairs to her daughter.

And there she was, standing at the top of the stairs. She would have sprinted down them had her heels not prevented it. She had decided to wear a nice little red dress that hugged her curves flawlessly. It was strapless and held up by her pert, braless breasts, and was high enough up her smooth thigh to be sexy, but not so much as to be slutty. To finish the outfit was a nice pair of six inch, deep, ruby red heels. He drank up her image as she reached the bottom of the stairs and flung her arms around him, planting a kiss firmly on his lips. She turned to her mother,

"Bye mum, see you tomorrow!" before she hooked her arm through his and they set off for their night out.

The night was going really well. She was drinking steadily, making sure that she wouldn't get drunk but would stay pleasantly tipsy. He, on the other hand, wasn't drinking. He was driving them both home later, and he wanted to make sure that he'd be able to perform when he got her home that night!

They found themselves in a very dark, very warm, very busy club. It was packed to the point that you could hardly move and if you wanted a drink from the bar then you could forget about it. She took the lead and dragged him to the dance floor, having had enough of waiting for drinks and enough of just standing around. They moved and gyrated to the music, watching each other like predators, until she spun around and backed into him, his hands clamping onto her hips and she continued her dance on his body, both their pulses quickening as they found themselves touching in what seemed a very primal and erotic way.

She ground up against him, her big, firm, sexy butt rubbing against his hardening cock, the beat of the music sending them into a frenzy in the middle of the crowded dance floor as everyone around them went about in their own private worlds. He softly bit her neck and felt, rather than heard, her moan, the vibrations of her throat mixing with the pulsing of the bass, her butt pressing back against him harder in response to the teeth on her bare, tender skin.

His hands moved from where they were resting on her hips, up to gently cup her small, pert breasts as their hair, his blonde, hers darker, collided and meshed together as they danced and moved against each other.

She gasped as his hands squeezed her breasts, gradually letting his grip become firmer, and she slipped a hand between them to release his from the confines of his jeans, feeling his length burst out and slip up under her dress, which had ridden up almost to her butt. The tip of his engorged cock rubbed against her already wet panties, pressing firmly against her slick, hot pussy as they gyrated in the middle of the dance floor packed with sweaty, heaving bodies.

She moaned again, this time loud enough to be heard by him over the steady thud of the music, their bodies overheated and sweaty as they pushed together, trying to bring as much flesh in to contact as possible between them. His cock worked against her pussy, his juices adding to her already saturated panties as it desperately tried to find a way past the thin cotton barrier.

He squeezed her breasts hard through her dress, causing her back to arch and her pussy to ride over and down his cock, her panties completely in the way for them both, but them both fully enjoying and savouring the tease. She slowly let her panty covered pussy slide back up his shaft, both of them lost in the sensations they were feeling to know or care if anyone was paying them any attention.

He kissed and nibbled the soft skin of her neck as she almost lost her mind, her sodden panty covered pussy grinding on his cock as she rode over her first orgasm, her juices cascading through the thin panty and soaking his cock, down his shaft, the feel of her cum gushing over his sending him to nearly pure ecstacy.

She moaned again as she felt one of his hands release her breasts and slowly, teasingly, work its way down over her body, across her firm stomach to below the hem of her dress. Tantalisingly, he played with the edge of her panty as she continued to rub and grind against his throbbing cock.

Finally, after what seemed like an age to them both, but was in reality merely seconds, he pulled her panty aside and, feeling this, she thrust back against him, sucking his hard cock straight into her hot pussy. They both moaned as they felt his naked cock sink itself deep inside her tight wetness, finally feeling his balls press against her thighs as they continued to move to the music.

They moaned and grunted together as they finally fucked to the beat, throbbing and grinding against each other as the tempo of the song varied. He returned both his hands to her breasts, pinching and squeezing through her dress as he moaned her name into her ear

"....oh fuck Katie...unnn...". He felt his release building, approaching fast, the teasing and the scenario of fucking this little minx in a busy club finally getting to him. He felt her pussy quivering on his cock, clenching him as she came again, the sensations overwhelming her.

She moaned against him as she rode him harder, riding through her orgasms, thrusting back against him, her mind lost to the moment, her body in ecstasy as she felt his cock throbbing and twitching inside her. She knew, somewhere in the back of her mind, that him cumming inside her was a bad idea, but right then she didn't care. She wanted it. She needed it. She pushed back harder, forcing him deeper as she heard him cry out her name and his cock let loose a torrent of scolding cum deep inside her, coating her womb and flooding her hot, tight pussy, his seed spilling from him again and again as they spasmed against each other.

They stood in the dance floor for a long time, gently rocking against each other, his cock twitching inside her, her pussy squeezing it in response. They slowly came back to their senses and gradually realised that a few of the other couples had started to notice that they were acting strangely. Before anything could be said or done, she grabbed his hand and dragged him out of the club, him struggling to get his softening dick away before too many people saw it.

As fast as they could with their legs still shaking, and her in heels, they got back to the car, collapsing into it laughing about their antics at the club, proud, horny and embarrassed all at the same time. He pulled out of the parking garage and started to head for home, and before he knew it she had the zip on his jeans pulled down.

"What are you doing? I'm driving!" He protested right before he let out a lone, throaty groan as her mouth descended on his rapidly hardening cock, her tongue working over the sensitive head as she sucked it into her mouth.

She had him groaning by the first set of traffic lights, her head bobbing steadily in his lap as her tongue worked its way up and down his shaft before circling over the tip and then repeating its journey. He drove home as fast as possible without breaking the speed limit, struggling to keep his mind on the road as her mouth caused his nerve endings to scream in ecstasy. She slipped her head backwards, sucking the whole time as she let his mushroom head pop from her mouth. She looked up at him and grinned wolfishly. 

"I bet I can make you cum before we get home."

He grinned back down at her before she enveloped his cock again, greedily gobbling him down to the base, his tip hitting the back of her throat causing her to gag slightly and him to let out a long low moan, ceasing anything he had to say before it passed his lips.

Her head bobbed up and down in his lap, the tip of his cock slipping in and out of her throat as her lips touched against his balls, her throat gurgling slightly every time she took him deeply. It was all he could do to drive in a straight line, his cum swirling in his balls as she worked towards his release. She giggled over his cock, the vibrations nearly sending him crazy, as she managed to get her hand under his balls to cup and roll them as her mouth worked his throbbing dick.

As he turned onto his street, he slowed the car down. They both knew what was coming. They both knew that he was ready to erupt into her mouth. He pulled up outside the house and sat back as she worked furiously, her mouth sucking and slurping as her head bobbed on his cock, her hand kneading and massaging his balls as he felts his impending release.

He ran a hand through her hair as the tension built in his body, she felt his balls tighten and she squeezed them to help his cum on its' way as he yelled out, stars erupting in his vision as he cock throbbed and spasmed between her lips, jets of scalding cum pouring into her mouth.

She practically purred as she felt swathe after swathe of sperm bathe her mouth and throat, leaving her lips around his swollen member until his orgasm had completely subsided. She swallowed it all greedily, before kissing the tip of his softening dick and looking into his glazed eyes.

"Well, I guess we both won." She winked, looking at the house and kissing his neck before getting out of the car.