 He opened his lips and took her tongue into his mouth and sucked it gently. He brought his hands over her up to her shoulders and ran them down her back and ended at her behind. He grasped both cheeks in his hands and pulled her upward, feeling her very warm and wet heat slide over his cock, making it harder than it already was. He moaned into her mouth, tangling his tongue with hers. He felt her sliding back and forth over his cock, making her more and more wet and making him so hot he groaned louder. 

She pulled her mouth away and lay her forehead against his, panting hard against his mouth. She slid back and forth faster and moaned and she felt his hips thrust upward. She felt his hands on her head and he kissed her again, hot and open mouthed, panting into her mouth, pushing his tongue in and stroking hers. He broke the kiss and pulled her mouth away from him and began kissing her chin, her cheek, her ear. Taking her earlobe into his mouth and sucking gently, he moaned into her ear, "Take me inside you, baby. Please."

She moaned loudly and bent her head began licking his neck, going from one side to the other, whispering against his skin, "Well, I want to make sure your ready for that." she said slyly. "So, since you played with me and made me ready, I think I should play with you." She bit down gently on his earlobe and soothed it with her tongue. "What do you think?" she asked softly laughing. Kissing her way down his chest, she paused at his nipples and gently licked them with her tongue. She licked one thoroughly and then gently blew breath across it, watching it harden in the moonlight. She then repeated the action with the other one and heard him moan. "I'll take that as a yes." she murmured as she kissed her way down his stomach. 

She slid her body down and let her breasts graze his cock. She heard him gasp and lowered her face down and placed her cheek against it. She lifted her head and let his cock graze her chin and her other cheek, and watched him as he closed his eyes and moaned. She smiled to herself and relished giving him pleasure. She opened her mouth and began kissing her way up his cock. Soft, gentle open mouthed kisses, letting her tongue lightly graze him each time she kissed him. Once she was to the top of his cock, she swirled her tongue over head, and then she repeated the process down the other side, massaging his thighs at the same time. Hearing him moan louder and turning her on more, she gently took the head into her mouth and began to suck on him gently, fluttering her tongue over the head. She slowly sucked more and more of him into her mouth, moaning around his cock, sending vibrations through him. 

She began to move her head up and down over his cock, sucking harder, her saliva wetting his cock all over. She felt his hands on her head, tangling in her hair and lightly pushing her downward on him. His hips began to lift up and down from the bed, pushing him deeper into her mouth as she moved up and down over him. She heard him moan loudly and opened her eyes and looked up at him. His head was back into the pillow and he was lost in the sensation of her mouth on him. She continued sucking him, moaning around his cock and began to move faster over him hoping to take him to edge. 

He looked down and watched her suck on him and moaned. It turned him on to watch her suck on his cock and she knew that. She was torturing him, sucking him in all the special ways he liked, licking his balls gently, and looking up at him while he was in her mouth. He held her head to him a minute longer then pulled her off of him. He reached down under her arms and dragged her bodily over him. 

"Come here." he moaned and took her mouth with his again. He felt her straddle him and lift up her hips. "No, wait." he panted and sat up with her in his arms. She realized what he was doing and wrapped her legs around him and leaned her forehead against his. He reached down and guided his cock to her warm wet pussy. He placed it at her opening and then pulled her hips forward and felt the head slip inside her. "Oh baby, take me inside you." he whispered against her lips and then kissed her hard on the mouth. He felt her hips slide forward and her pussy slide around his cock. He moaned hard into her mouth, loving the feel of her around him. He slid his hands up her back and pulled her to him, bringing her body flush with his. He felt her breasts against his chest, and felt her slip further forward and take him all the way inside her. He reached up and tugged her hair so her head would fall back and trailed kisses down her chin and neck. 

He kissed his way down her neck to her breasts, cupping them in his hands he lifted them and began to lick and suck alternately on each one, hearing her moan and pant for him not to stop. He felt her hands on his head, running through his hair and holding him to her breasts. He suckled one into his mouth while massaging the other with his thumb, rocking his body against hers, sliding in and out of her a little at a time. He began kissing his way up her neck again and took her earlobe into his mouth. 

"You make me insane." he panted. 

She let her head fall forward to his shoulder, moaned and bit down on his shoulder gently. She felt his hands run down her back down to her rear and pull her even closer to him and rocking against her harder. She leaned her forehead against his and looked into his eyes and began to rock back against him, panting harder each time he pushed into her. He took on hand and reached between them and smiled deviously at her. Her eyes widened, knowing what was coming next as his hand reached her pussy and gently stroked her already hard clit with his thumb. 

"That feel good, baby?" he whispered.

"You know it does." she panted. "Don't stop." she moaned as she rocked harder against him. He began circling her clit slowly at first, watching her enjoy the sensations it created. He loved watching her like this. 

"Will you cum for me, baby?" he whispered against her lips.

"Yes." she panted. She used his shoulders for leverage and lifted herself up and down on his cock a little faster, in rhythm with his thumb against her clit. "Please..." she moaned, and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. She began to thrust against him harder and her eyes closed. She bit her lower lip and whimpered loudly, her body writhing against him furiously. 

He cupped her face in his free hand and brought her mouth to his and kissed her deep and hard, opening her mouth with his. He felt her shudder and knew she was about to cum for him. He pulled her hard against him and rubbed her clit faster and brought her to it hard and fast. He felt her pussy clenching around him as her spasms ran through her, holding his cock inside her. She moaned into his mouth and slowed her body down and settled against him again. She pulled away from him and looked at him in the dark. 

"Not fair." she murmured against his mouth. "You just don't want me to be mad at you in the morning." She leaned back smiled at him. 

"Oh, that's not the only reason." he moaned and leaned back with her on top of him and flipped her over to her back. He pushed all the way inside her pussy and groaned. He felt her hands on his shoulders and her legs wrap around his waist as he began to pump in and out of her. He felt her warmth and slickness all around from her cumming earlier and he slid in and out of her with ease. He levered himself up on his arms and looked down at her. She reached up and held his face in her hands and bit her lower lip and her eyes widened as she felt herself begin to cum so soon from his being deep inside her. She let her hands fall and reach up and grab the brass bed headboard, holding on while he rode against her. 

He felt the bed moving with their movement, the mattress squeaking and the headboard hitting the wall. He heard her gasp at her orgasm and began to thrust into her harder and faster, knowing that he was going to cum any time. He felt her clench him inside her and heard her cry out as he thrust into her and came, and he buried his head in her neck and groaned. He tried to hold himself up but couldn't and fell on top of her. She wrapped her arms around him and stroked his hair. He was still inside her but he knew she liked that so he stayed where he was, waiting for her to tell him to move. 

When she didn't say anything after a few moments, he rolled over onto his back, slipping out of her but bringing her close to his side. She leaned up and kissed his nipple. They lie like that for a few moments; sweat cooling off their bodies, and heartbeats calming down. He stroked her hair and looked down at her. 

"You're still mad, aren't you?" he asked laughing.

"Yep." she snapped back. "You'll be making it up to me all day tomorrow too." she said tartly and looked up at him daring him to argue. 

"Good thing I shut off your alarm then." he said still laughing, as she grabbed a pillow and attempted to smack him with it.