 Angela pulled James into her apartment and pushed him into the wall, pulling off his shirt and undoing his pants as he reached behind her and unzipped her little black dress.

"I don't norma-" He started to say but was cut off as she pressed her lips against his, her tongue slipping through his lips and dancing with his. He pulled her dress down off of her shoulders and let it slip down to the floor, leaving her in just her black lace panties. She let his pants drop, pulled his hands up over his head, pinning them to the wall and grinding her body against his. He was already rock hard underneath his boxers and as she teased his body she felt him against her and purred into his ear "I want that inside me. I want you to take me and make me yours."

"Yes ma'am" He pulled his hands free and picked her up by her firm ass as she wrapped her arms and legs around him, his hard cock grinding against her swollen clit, making her gasp and him smile. He carried her to her bed and set her down on the edge, then pushed her back and pulled off her panties, his mouth inches from her. She reached down and shoved his head down, pulling his face into her and crying out as he started sucking and nibbling on her wet lips, sliding his tongue up and down between them and teasing her hole ever so slightly.

"Stop teasing me and fuck me!"

"As you wish lass" He stood up and pulled his boxers down, his hard cock exposed as he grasped her legs and pulled her to the edge of the bed and onto him. She gasped, never expecting the timid man in the bar to be such an aggressive lover. He leaned forward and took her nipple in his mouth, sucking and biting just enough to get her to moan and pull his face into her breast as he started to slowly and rhythmically pump in and out of her. She wrapped her legs around him again, trying to get him to go deeper. He sped up with each stroke until he was pounding her into the bed, her headboard slamming into the wall like a jackhammer. He let go of her nipple and grabbed her by the hips, pulling her into him as he thrust deep into her and kissed her, shoving his mouth into hers, muffling her cries. She pulled away from him and bit down on his neck, making him growl primally. He stood up and pull himself free of her, this wild demon of a woman he was lucky enough to find. He rolled her over onto her stomach and spread her legs. 

"Bit me like an animal, I'll fuck you like one." He lined himself up with her slick pussy and slid his cock back into her, making her arch her back and moan. The he started to truly fuck her, grasping her wrists, pulling them back and using them to pull himself into her harder and harder, his body slapping against her ass. He felt her tighten around his cock and sped himself up, sending her over the edge. She tightened on to his cock and cried out, bucking back against him, as he reached his climax as well, plunging his cock into her and shooting his load deep inside. Her walls were still pulsing, milking him dry. He stood there a moment while they both caught their breath. He slowly pulled out of her and lay down on his back next to her. James woke up next to the angel, (or was it demon? )he had met in the bar last night and checked the time on his phone.

"Oh shit, I need to get to work."

He quickly grabbed his clothes up and called for a cab. He dressed and jotted his name and number on a notepad Angela had setting in the living room before he ran out to catch his cab. He felt a bit guilty, but it was his first time "hooking up" with someone from a bar like that and he wasn't sure what he was supposed to do.

He arrived at his workshop just in time and set about his work, maintaining weapons for a large security firm in town. He kept finding his mind wandering back to the night before. Twice he had to restart work on a piece because of his absent-mindedness.

"Damn it, I should have gotten her number. At least then I could try to see if she'd want to maybe have drinks with me." he thought during his lunch break. 

Almost on cue his phone buzzed and he flipped it over to check it. It was a text.

"Hey its Angela. Last night was fun. I'd love to meet up for drinks sometime, maybe tonight?" He breathed a sigh of relief. So she wasn't upset by his slipping out in the morning.

He texted her back "Sorry for the quick exit this morning. Had to get to work. Drinks sound great."

"Awesome. Meet me at McKinney's downtown, say, 8?"

"I'll be there."

The rest of James's day flew by in a blur. He grabbed another cab to his apartment at the outskirts of town and jumped into the shower. He rarely went before, his ex being too controlling and stifling, the main reason he left her in fact, and here he was going out twice in two nights. He stepped out of the shower and looked at himself in the mirror. He wasn't model or anything but at five feet, eight inches tall, and about 220 pounds of mostly muscle, he was far from unattractive. He ran a comb through his brown hair and short beard, and pulled on a nice dark red dress shirt, black slacks and black leather jacket. He Googled directions to the bar and headed downtown, getting there a little early. 

He stepped in the bar and felt surrounded by sound, Irish rock and good natured conversation. He looked around and, not seeing Angela, headed to an empty spot at the bar. The bartender came up and took his order, a double Jameson and Coke. As he waited for the bartender to return with his drink, he felt a hand on his shoulder. 

"James?" He turned around, not wanting to believe his ears. It was Caitlin, his ex girlfriend. He cringed inwardly. 

"Hey Cat. What's up?"

"Never expected to see you here. Get bored at home by yourself?"

"Meeting someone here."

"Oh. I didn't think you liked places like this."

"Didnt ever really much about what I liked, did you?"

"Look, I'm sorry about how I treated you. Please, let's make this work baby."

"No. I tried that. You changed for a bit and then it was right back to the real you. I'm not getting walked all over again."

"Come on," She leaned forward and whispered into his ear, "I'll do that thing you like, as often as you like." 

James raised his hand to gently push her back away from him, but was interrupted. 

"Hey baby, who's this?" Angela slid up next to James and draped her arm around his shoulders, kissing him on the cheek. 

Caitlin drew back quickly, "I'm his woman, who the fuck are you?" 

"If you're his woman, why was he fucking me last night?" Angela stood her ground, her dark blood red dress clinging to her full figure, leaving little to James's imagination. "Darling, he's over you. Move on."

With that she pulled herself onto James, straddling him as he sat on the bar stool, and pressed her lips against his, kissing him deeply. He moaned lightly into her mouth, feeling her grind herself into him. 

Caitlin's jaw dropped as she stood and stared. 

Angela pulled away from James and looked back at her "Need any more convincing sweetheart?" 

She rushed off, her face beet red. 

As his gorgeous savior climbed down off of him, James grinned. "Thank you for the save. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't shown up when you did."

"Eh, you saved me last night from that meat head, figured least I could was return the favor." She smiled and took a drink from his whiskey and Coke. "So, that was the ex?"

"Yeah. Figures I go out to meet someone and she shows up."

" Forget her. You're here with me tonight." She took his hand and took him over to an empty booth in the corner.

They ate dinner, steaks and salads, talking about what they did for a living. She was a lab tech for the city, doing blood work and similar things all day.

"Look," She said as she sipped her drink after they were done eating, "I've never been fucked like you fucked me last night. Are you always like that?" 

James chuckled. "I dunno. You're the first person to turn me on like that. Most girls it's like a check list. Quick blow job, followed by me going down on her for a bit and then missionary until she gets off. Most girls don't even get me off at all. You, though, you woke something up inside me."

"Oh really? Did it go back to sleep yet?" James felt her foot slide against his thigh and press against his growing cock and smiled. 

"No, not yet lass. As I'm sure you've noticed. My place?"

"How about mine again? I have something special planned." She sat back against the bench and smiled. 

"Fine by me."

They settled the tab and jumped in his car, him only having had the one drink hours ago. They pulled up to her apartment building and she led the way up, pulling him into the corner of the elevator, kissing and teasing him the entire ride up to the 5th floor. As they entered her apartment, she directed him to the bedroom. 

"My, my, you did have something special planned."

Her dark cotton sheets had been swapped for red silk ones and the head and foot boards both had two pairs of handcuffs apiece. 

"I want you to tie me down and use me." She pulled him close by his collar and kissed him, her tongue exploring his mouth. "I want you to make me your toy. Tease me, bite me, suck me, fuck me, I don't care. Just make me feel like your fuck toy. In this room, my only purpose is to make you happy." She let his collar go and took a step back, watching his face, scared she had misjudged him. 

He grabbed her hands and pinned her to the wall, pulling her hands up above her head and attacked her neck, sucking and biting on her, his free hand pulling down the zipper to her dress. 

"Careful what you wish for." He pulled her dress up and over her head leaving her in a strapless lacy white bra and panties. She wrapped her legs around his waist, pulling him even closer to her. He let her arms go, wrapping his around her and carrying her to the bed, continuing his assault on her neck and collarbone .

He laid her down, pulling her arms up and into the black padded cuffs, one and then the other, the sharp clicks punching through the sound of her moans as he nibbled on her collarbone. He stopped and looked her in the eyes.

"You've done this before, haven't you?"

She shook her head." Never. They always lost their nerve when they saw the cuffs. Somehow I knew you wouldn't."

He slowly nodded and then stood back up on the side of the bed, undoing his shirt and pants shrugging them off leaving him in his dark boxers. He looked over the now captive woman, drinking in the sight of her.

"Anything I should know before I start?"

"My safe word is sanguine. Other than that and stay from my ass, that's it."

He smiled, reached over and undid her bra, tossing it to the corner. Grasping her right breast in his hand, he lowered his head to her left and dragged his tongue across her nipple, causing her to gasp sharply and then moan. He rolled the other between his fingers, lightly squeezing, smiling as she arched her back and cried out. He crawled over her, kissing her again on the mouth before working his way down her body, kissing her throat, then between her full breasts, down her stomach and ending with quick nibble at her still covered clit. She moved to wrap her legs around his head, but he stopped her, pinning her knees to the bed and spreading her thighs wide.

"I'm in charge. Not you." He said behind a devilish grin. He teased her more through her thin panties before pulling them off and securing her legs, making sure the cuffs were snug but not tight around her ankles.

"So you've done this before then."

"Just read about it. This is all new to me, but think I like it."

He lowered his head to her wet slit and teased her lips with his tongue, flicking and lightly nipping her. He moved his head more into her, taking all of her in his mouth and sucking on her lips and clit, gently pulling his head back until she popped free, then assaulting her with his tongue, going in between her lips and pushing into her. She struggled against her restraints, helpless as this wild animal of a man ravaged her like no man had before.

He slid his tongue up and settled it on her bud, swirling and flicking over it. She felt his finger enter her, drawing a gasp from her as he slowly pushed into her until his middle finger was knuckle deep in her. He lifted his head up and looked into her eyes as he started moving the digit in a beckoning manner, and then slowly in and out. Taking her moans as encouragement, he sped up, using his thumb to massage and tease her lips and clit as he slid in and out of her.

"Please... " she said breathlessly between moans.

"Please what?" He grinned, not at all the man he had been before. Now he was in control. Now he had all of the power. This was a new and unusual feeling for him.

He loved it.

"Please fuck me..."

"Oh we'll get there soon enough, Lass." He said Lass as if it were a name, or a title. "But first I want to play with my new toy."

He kept at her with his hand, speeding up and slowing down randomly to keep her off guard and delay her inevitable climax. She stopped trying to speak, reduced to moans and gasps as he randomly lowered his head and kissed and sucked on her, but always watching her. He finally latched his mouth onto her, pumping his finger in and out of her until she clenched down on him so hard he thought she might break bones. She bucked up, pressing hard against his mouth and crying out. 

He raised his head and looked at his new plaything, watching her pull against her bindings as she writhed in pleasure. 

As she came back down from the heaven he sent her to, he said just two words: "My turn".