 A continuation of 'Away At The Conference'.

*

It was about five or six days since we had returned from the conference. Neither of us had spoken of what had happened. The journey home had been very subdued; I think that her hangover had dampened her usual enthusiasm. She came over to where I was working and watched me for a while. Eventually I gave in and asked her what she wanted.

"Can we go somewhere and talk? I have something I need to say." 

'She's remembered', I thought. 'And wants to keep it quiet'. 

What I said however was.

"Sure, we can take an early lunch and grab a coffee at the cafe."

She sat facing me over the table, our drinks between us. I could tell something was troubling her and thought I knew what it was.

"This is about the conference, isn't it?" I said. She looked startled, but nodded. "I've spoken to no-one."

"I know, not even me."

"I wasn't sure how much you'd remember; you seemed pretty drunk."

"I wasn't as far gone as you think. I wanted you to think I'd had too much."

"Why?"

"Because I'd not had a decent fuck for weeks and I wanted you."

"But what about your boyfriend?" I was completely thrown by her honesty.

"We split up, and I hadn't got a proper shag from him in weeks any way." She looked away, turning her pretty face to one side.

"I was about to say 'why me?' but I'm not sure I'd like the answer."

"I like the fact that although you're really shy and polite, you have the filthiest mind I know of, and I meant what I said."

"Meant what?"

"I want to be your slut. I want you to use me any way that you can imagine. S&M, anal, oral, I don't care. I want dirty sex, and I want it from you."

I was gob smacked; I didn't know what to say. It must have shown on my face.

"You don't want me." She said in a disappointed way.

"No. Yes. Yes! I want you, but this is a bit sudden, sorry."

"I'll show you I mean it. Tell me to do something, anything."

It's very difficult if you're suddenly handed your dream to know what to say.

"Err. Okay, lick my cock."

"Lick it?"

"Yes, just lick it." She shrugged and ducked beneath the table. Her hands quickly pulled down my zipper and extricated my now hard dick. She ran her tongue along the top to the tip and then down the underside to my balls and back again before tucking it back inside my pants and doing the zip back up. How I didn't cum I'll never know, but it was close. I grabbed her hand and stood up. "The toilets, now." I led her to the ladies and pulled her into a cubicle. She slipped out of her slacks and her panties and turned to lean forward against the wall. I stood behind her with my hands on her hips, my rampant cock against her ass. I slid easily into her sopping cunt and she was so excited that she came almost straightaway. I thrust in deeply, pushing her into another orgasm before I could feel myself coming. "Take it in your mouth." I commanded. She turned and dropped to her knees before me as I came into her mouth. She gobbled it down greedily

"I'm just your slut, your dirty little whore." She said, little trails of cum running down the sides of her mouth.

"Yes you are, aren't you?"

"I am. I want you to use me as your little fuck toy, your personal whore."

"Any time, any place, any where?"

"Yes." She said it without hesitation.

"All right." I said stroking my chin. "The first thing you're going to do is spend the rest of the day without any underwear, so take off your bra and give it to me." She undid it and removed it from underneath her blouse, handing it to me. I put the lacy thing into my jacket pocket, scooping her panties up and pocketing them too. "When we leave tonight we're going to the lakeside central car park. I'll catch up with you there." She nodded her acceptance.

I pulled up alongside her car. It was after six now, but there were still a fair number of people about. We both got out. She looked really flushed.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"I'm...I'm just...Really horny. My clothes kept rubbing against me all day." I smirked a little. "I need some cock now."

"Out in the fresh air?"

"I don't care, I just want fucking." 

I took her hand and led her down a barely used path, through a thick copse of trees out into a tiny secluded clearing.

"Here will do." I said. "Strip." She dropped her jacket and blouse quickly, then slid her slacks off, the crotch of which was now damp. "Where do you want it first?" To answer me she knelt down and unzipped my trousers, pulling my dick out and then wrapping her mouth around it. "Oh, baby. You're good at this. Can my whore get it all down her throat?" In reply she pulled me towards her until her nose was in my pubes and my balls were resting on her chin. I pulled away and then thrust back in. She didn't flinch, but did gurgle a bit. After face-fucking her for five minutes I came down her throat. She swallowed the full load, gazing up at me the whole time, lust in her eyes. I was still stiff. "Your turn for a little pleasure, my little nympho fuck toy." 

She smiled as she lay back and spread her legs for me, welcoming me into her cunt.

"Yes, pound me with your cock, stuff it deep into my pussy." 

It was still amazing to hear those phrases coming from her, but I was happy to comply. I rode her hard, hammering into her. She enfolded me with her arms and legs, letting out moans and whimpers as I pummelled her pussy. She came twice before I was ready. As I reached my climax, I pulled out and shot my wad over her stomach. A slightly glazed look in her eyes, she rubbed it into her skin. 

We dressed and I led her back to the car park. I helped her into her car and gave her her instructions for the next day.

"I take it that you have a least one vibrator?" She nodded. "Put brand new batteries in it, and come to work with it in your pussy. Wear your tightest panties to keep it in, but no bra again. I'll be checking up, and if it's not in and running, the deals off, understand?" She nodded. "Okay babe, get a good nights sleep, you're going to need it."

I didn't have to find an excuse to go and see her, as I was told to help her out for the day. In her office I stood behind her and looked down her blouse. As instructed she wore no bra. I could see her nipples when she leant forward, and when she sat back they stood out through the thin taut material of the garment.

"I want to check." I whispered into her ear. She pushed her chair backwards without a word and stood up, lifting up her skirt. I crouched down and pulled aside the tight, and wet, silk panties she wore. There was indeed a vibrator churning away in her pussy. "Good girl." I said, pulling her knickers back into place. I stood back up as she sat down again. I pulled a pair of nipple clamps out of my pocket and waved them before her eyes. She gasped a little, but unbuttoned her blouse. Silently I clipped one on either nipple. She gasped again at their touch but still said nothing. I flicked each clamp once or twice and was satisfied when I heard a low moan escape her lips. "Cover yourself up now." I said. "And meet me in the gents in five minutes." I walked out.

I still wasn't sure she would do it, but after the five minutes she slipped into the men's toilet. I led her into one of the cubicles and pushed the door to behind me, but I didn't lock it. She looked at me quizzically.

"Extra excitement." I said. "Now kneel on the toilet lid, facing away from me." Again she obeyed without question, although a little apprehensively. I flicked her skirt up over her hips and slid her panties down to her knees. I leant forward and licked her asshole. She looked around in surprise. "Eyes front." I said. She looked back at the wall. "You have to keep the vibrator in your cunt, or I'll spank you." She nodded. I licked her ass again, pulling her cheeks apart and slowly pushing my tongue up her butt. "Just slicking it up first." I said softly. She moaned as she understood what I meant. I undid my trousers and dropped my boxers; my now hard cock sprang free. I slapped it across her butt cheeks in anticipation and then lined it up against her rear passage. I slipped the head in past her sphincter muscle and stopped. She trembled in anticipation.

"Please." She said in a small voice.

"Please what?"

"Please stuff your cock into my slutty ass." She said, a little louder.

"Well, as you asked nicely..." I leant forward, the shaft of my dick sliding slowly up her butt until my balls were touching her cheeks. I began a series of long slow strokes, almost pulling out before thrusting back in. She was making deep guttural moans of satisfaction. The grip of her tight butt-hole around my dick was soon working on me and I quickened my pace.

"Oh yes! Fuck me. Fuck your little slut." She gasped out. "Oh god, I'm so full. Fuck me, fuck your dirty whore."

I slapped her ass.

"Keep it quiet or someone will hear." I rasped. It made no difference.

"Uuh! Uuuh! Oh god! Oh god!! Uh! I'm cumming, I'm cumming!! I'm CUMMING!!!" She cried out. Her body stiffened with her orgasm, her ass gripping my cock tighter than ever. That pushed me over the edge too. I loosed off my load deep into her butt.

I waited until my softening shaft had stopped twitching before I withdrew it, wiping it on some toilet paper before hitching up my trousers and my boxers and tucking it away. She was still kneeling on the seat cover, her head resting against the cubicle wall, panting, my cum starting to ooze out of her asshole. I wadded together some toilet roll and held it to her leaking butt, pulling up her knickers to hold it in place.

"Thank you." She gasped. "That was what I wanted." She stood up gingerly and turned to face me, her face flushed with excitement. On an impulse I kissed her, crushing her lips with mine. As I pulled away I could see a surprised look on her face, but she said nothing and turned and left for her office. A sudden realisation hit me; I'd never kissed her before. I'd fucked her brains out but never kissed her. This was not on the agenda.

We worked hard for the rest of the morning and into the afternoon, making up for the time we'd spent fucking. At around two o'clock she threw her pen down in frustration.

"Bugger! I can't concentrate anymore." She declared.

"Hungry?" I asked.

"Horny." She replied. "The vibrators damned batteries have died."

"You might as well take it out then." I grinned.

She slid the expired toy from her cunt. It was wet with her juices. With a wicked gleam in her eyes she began to lick it clean, watching my face as she ran her tongue along its length. I felt my dick harden at the sight. She deep-throated the thing that had been in her pussy all day, and my cock nearly burst out of my trousers.

"You are teasing me on purpose." I accused.

"Yes, I am. Do you want to replace it?" She asked, taking the vibrator from her mouth. "Because I want your meat in my mouth."

"Under the desk." I said hoarsely, dropping into her vacated seat. She dropped to her knees and then scooted backwards beneath the desktop. She pulled the chair towards her until my crotch was in her face. With a tug she pulled down my zipper and released my raging boner, immediately taking it into her mouth. I felt her warm lips close around the head of my knob and her tongue teasing the slit. I moaned softly as she sank her head down, swallowing my whole shaft, and then began to slowly bob her head up and down.

Suddenly I heard a noise on the other side of the office door.

"There's someone outside." I whispered. If she heard she gave no sign, continuing her oral assault on my cock. The door opened and the boss came in. I had picked up her pen and contrived to look as if I was working.

"Where is she?" The boss asked.

"She's errr... getting something for her dry throat." I winced at the excuse.

"Oh! Okay. Will you get this done by the end of the day?" He indicated the work spread over the desk.

"Probably." I said. "But we may need to work over a little." 

"If you can't get done by six leave it until tomorrow. The cleaners don't like working around you." He grinned and turned to leave. "Keep up the good work." He said as he closed the door.

I slumped back in the chair. The little minx was still working away under the desk, mostly moving her mouth up and down my cock, sometimes just running her tongue along it. She was also playing with my balls with her hand. I could feel myself getting ready to shoot off.

"I'm gonna cum soon!" I gasped out. She just carried on deep-throating me. My balls tightened and I came, shooting my load into her hungry welcoming mouth. She still kept sucking as my dick continued to twitch, extracting all the spunk she could. Finally she let it drop from her mouth and then zipped me back up, before she emerged from beneath the desk, a satisfied smirk on her face. "That was incredible! You are incredible!" I said, leaning down and kissing her again, tasting my own jizz on her lips. I looked into her smiling face and gleaming eyes and suddenly felt bad about what I was doing. "I shouldn't be treating you like this. I know you asked me to, but you should be doing these things with someone you love."

"Who says I'm not?" She smiled coyly.

"You mean..?"

"You don't really think I would do this with just anybody do you?" She asked. "While we were away at the conference you were sweet and kind to me. That's when I fell for you. That's why I wanted you that night, why I pretended to be drunker than I was, so I could get you to fuck me."

"Well, I've always been fond of you, ever since you came to work here."

"Only fond?" She teased.

I nodded sadly.

"I wouldn't let myself fall for you, you already had a boyfriend." I paused, honesty was the thing here. "At least, I tried not to fall for you. It didn't work. I found myself thinking of you most of the time."

"And you never said."

"Why would I? You were spoken for."

"See. That's something else. You're almost honourable." She smiled.

"But only just." I smiled back. "Do you want to take the nipple clamps off?"

She shook her head.

"No. I like the feeling. Now come on." She said sitting down at her desk. "Let's get this finished and then go and do some more dishonourable things at my place."

I hesitated.

"Only if you forgive me for making you do all that stuff."

She took my head in her hands and kissed me.

"Fool! I wouldn't have done them for anyone else. If you insist, I forgive you. Now hurry up and get some work done. I want you to take me home and treat me as your kinky whore plaything again."

I smiled and kissed her once more.

"Anything you say."

"No. Anything YOU say!" She laughed.