 It was his last day out of town. Eric headed for straight for the hotel bar.

"Having the usual?" the bartender asked.

"Sure thing, Max." Eric chuckled to himself. "I guess coming here for a week every year for the last five years makes you a regular." 

Eric glanced around as he nursed his beer. "Looks like the same crowd," he thought. But one person was missing. "Where is she? I know I heard her saying she would be here one more night."

"Leaving tomorrow?" Max asked.

"Huh?"

"Leaving tomorrow?" he repeated.

"Sorry, got lost in thought. Yep headed home" Eric replied as he glanced around again.

Max couldn't help but smile. He knew who Eric was looking for. He too had noticed she was later than normal. He had been watching them both all week. He had seen it before. They were obviously meant for each other.

An hour had passed. Eric had given up. The beauty he had been obsessing over all week had obviously left early. He downed what was left of his beer and tossed a twenty on the bar.

"Thanks Max. It's been nice talking to you. See you next year."

"Where you goin'?" Max asked as he set another beer down. "You got one more...from the lady!" Max smiled as he motioned to the end of the bar.

Eric's heart skipped a beat when he saw her. She was even more beautiful than the previous nights. Eric took her all in. He couldn't help but stare. Tonight she was dressed in a short black skirt and low cut blouse. Her long brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail. Her green eyes sparkled in the dim bar light. There was a slight stir in his pants when he took notice of her innocently dangling one of her heels from her nylon covered feet. Nylons or stockings? Eric couldn't help but wonder.

"Well, are you going to stare all night or are you going to talk to her?"

"Jesus Max, I'm a married man!"

"I said talk, not fuck! She's had her eye on you all week. And I've seen the way you look at her when she walks in here."

Eric hesitated. "You're right. Talk...what can it hurt?"

"That's the spirit! Besides, you owe her at least a 'thank you' for the drink."

Eric had never done anything like this before. He was happily married for ten years now. He was not the type to have a wondering eye. But there was something about her. Something intriguing. He had to talk to her. He swallowed hard, picked up his drink and headed to the opposite end of the bar.

She shifted in her seat as he approached. Her skirt rose just enough for Eric to catch a quick glimpse of the garter straps holding up her stockings. Fuck! Stockings! He had to fight to keep his cock from jumping to full attention. They were his one weakness!

"Thanks for the drink. I'm Eric. Mind if I join you?" he said as he approached her.

"Sure...but I didn't buy you a drink."

Eric looked back across the bar at Max puzzled. Max only smiled and winked.

"He set me up!" Eric murmured.

"Excuse me?"

"Oh, sorry,..Nothing. I'm Eric."

"So you've said" she giggled. "Let's grab a table. It would be more comfortable. It's getting a little crowded up here."

"Sure. What are you having?" he asked. "I'll get you another and be right over."

"Vodka and cranberry."

Eric headed for the bar as she found them a table in the back corner of the room.

"Max...What the fuck!?"

"Look, I've seen it before. You two look like you were meant for each other. You just needed a little help. Here's her drink, extra vodka...Now go! Enjoy your last night here. Twenty bucks says I'm right"

Eric shook his head as he grabbed the drink and headed for the table. "Just talk," he told himself..."Just talk."

"Here you go. It might be a little strong. I think Max is up to something."

"I'm sure it's fine" she said with a smile. The candle light from the table made her eyes sparkle and her freshly applied red lip gloss shine.

"So, what brings you here?" he asked as he sat down across from her.

"Business," she replied and smiled coyly. "And you?"

"Business," he said as he fidgeted nervously in his seat. 

Minutes of small talk turned into hours. Eric glanced at his watch. It was after eleven. He couldn't believe it was getting so late.

"In a hurry to go somewhere?" she asked as she rubbed her stocking covered foot up his leg.

Eric jumped slightly banging his knee off the underside of the table. He could feel his face redden with embarrassment.

"Well, I have a flight to catch in the morning and..."

"And what?" she interrupted as she took it a step further and began rubbing the bulge in his pants with her foot.

Eric jumped again. Looking down he noticed her perfect French pedicure peeking through her stockings. This cock strained against his pants ready to burst through the zipper.

"I...I...need to get some sleep," he stammered.

"Sleep?! That's what planes are for! Have another drink with me....Please!"

"I...I...I can't. But it has been a pleasure talking to you."

Eric tried to hide the bulge in his pants as he headed to the bar to one again settle his bill. "Fuck you Max. See you next year," he said as he threw a twenty on the bar.

"Trust me Eric!" Max said with a laughed as he picked up the money. "I know what I'm doin'. Double or nothing if I'm wrong!? Looks like she's done a number on you already!"

Eric could only shake his head as he left the bar and headed for the lobby. The elevator doors opened as he approached. "Eric!" he heard someone call. He knew it was her. He had to get away before it went any further. He quickly entered the elevator and hit the close door button. He took a deep breath and let out a sigh of relief as the elevator doors closed. He closed his eyes. He could still smell her perfume. He could still see her beautiful face. The image of her stocking covered foot massaging his cock through his pants was burned in his mind. The 'ding' of the elevator brought him back to reality. He headed down the hall anxious to get to his room and get this night behind him. As he approached is room, he reached in his pocket for his key, but it was gone. "Fuck!" he murmured. "Well, looks like I'm headed back down."

The elevator reached the lobby. Eric held his breath as the door opened and cautious peered around. She was gone. He headed for the front desk hoping to get a new key and make a quick escape back to his room, but there was no one there. He rang the bell and anxiously scanned the lobby. "Fuck! Where are you?" he murmured as he strained to see behind the counter. The front desk clerk was nowhere to be seen. He rang the bell a second time and again scanned the lobby.

"Can I help you?" the clerk asked.

"Fuck! Jesus Christ! You scared the shit out of me!" he said as he whorled around.

"Sorry sir. Is there something I can help you with?"

"Um, yes...I seem to have misplaced my key."

"No problem, what room?"

"618" he replied, still scanning the lobby.

"Is everything ok sir?" the clerk asked.

"Yes, I'm just in a hurry. Trying to avoid someone..."

"It will just be a second sir. Is there anything else I can do for you?"

"Yes, hurry the fuck up," he thought. "No, should be everything," he replied with a forced smile.

"Ok, there you go, sir. You have a good night."

"It's too late for that," he mumbled as he took the key and headed for the elevator.

It was a long ride to the sixth floor. The door opened and he cautiously peered around. Seeing no one, he let out another sigh of relief. "This is silly," he said to himself as he headed down the hall to his room. "This is the last time I let Max pull that trick!"

Eric slid the key in the electronic lock. The lock clicked and he partially opened the door. He took one last look around and slipped inside the darkened room. He closed the door and locked both locks as he propped his head against the door. He stayed there for a moment collecting his thoughts.

"What a night," he said as he turned on the room light.

"It's about time! I've been waiting here forever!"

"What the!?"

"You dropped this," she said holding up his room key. "I tried to stop you but you didn't hold the elevator. Max was kind enough to tell me what room you were in. The least I could do was return it. I mean you did buy me a drink and all."

"Damn it Max! What did you get me in to?" he mumbled to himself. 

"Look, I'm a happily married man..." he began to protest.

"I'm happily married too. We were just talking, right? I was enjoying your company."

"I was enjoying your company too, but..." Eric stopped himself mid-sentence.

"But what?"

"But you were two seconds away from making me cum in my pants, that's what," he thought.

"But what?" she repeated

She was right. But what? Just because he was married, was he not allowed to talk to another woman? Maybe he had imagined what happened at the bar. He did have quite a few beers before Max brought him the "drink from her".

"But I don't even know your name."

"Tess," she replied. "Nice to meet you...again!" she said as she sat down on the bed. "Well, I'm here now, and it's still a little early, how about some more company?" she asked.

"Sure, why not," he said as he sat down across from Tess on the bed propping himself against the headboard.

"Mind if I make myself comfortable?" she asked as she kicked off her heels. "It's been a long stressful week. How about a foot rub between two new friends?" she said as she slid further down towards the foot of the bed and threw her feet into his lap. "I'll make it worth your while," she said with a devilish grin.

"What happened to just talking?" he asked as he started to rub her stocking covered feet.

"We'll get back to the talking when you are done. Right now, less talk, more foot rub. I have a week's worth of stress to get rid of."

Eric laughed as he continued to rub her feet. "So what's in it for me?" he asked.

"I haven't decided yet, but I'm sure you will like it," she said with the same devilish grin. "Less talk, more rub."

As Eric continued the foot rub, he again noticed the perfect French pedicure threw the thin material of her stockings. His cock began to swell with excitement. Maybe he hadn't imagined the earlier incident.

"Looks like someone else is enjoying the foot rub as much as I am!" Tess giggled.

Eric turned ever shade of red imaginable. "I'm sorry," he said as he quickly got off the bed.

"Don't be sorry...and don't stop! I didn't say we both couldn't enjoy a foot rub, did I?"

Eric hesitated for a moment before rejoining her on the bed and continuing where he left off.

Eric tried not to look at her feet, but she had nailed two of his weaknesses...French pedicures and stockings. As much as he tried to resist, he couldn't. His cock grew harder by the second. He thought of everything he could to keep bursting through his pants. In his quest to do so, he lost track of exactly what he was doing. Whatever he was doing, he was doing it right. Tess started to ever so slightly moan. "I must be hearing things," he thought. He managed to pull his eyes away from her feet. Tess's eyes were closed; she was completely lost in the moment. Eric continued to massage her aching feet. Her breathing got shallower, her moans got louder. Then suddenly, without warning, Tess screamed in pleasure, "FUCK! DON'T STOP, GOD DAMN IT, DON'T STOP! I'M FUCKING CUMMING! FUCK...FUCK...FUCK!"

Now it was Tess's turn to blush. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I've never done that before!"

Eric chucked. "Neither have I...I did realize I was that good at foot massages!"

Eric continued to rub and caress her feet. It took Tess a few minutes to come down from her high. Reality must have hit her like a ton of bricks. She suddenly jumped up and headed for the bathroom. 

"You ok?" Eric asked. 

"I'm fine. I just need a moment," she said as she closed the door.

Tess stood at the sink and stared in the mirror. "What have I done?" she asked herself. Her pussy began to ache as she stood there thinking about what just happened. She needed more. She needed to be fucked! She knew what she needed to do. And she was going to start by taking whatever was in those pants out there in her mouth and swallowing every last drop of cum it had to offer!

Tess freshened her makeup and put on more red lip gloss. She loved wearing lip gloss when she went down on a man. She loved to see the rings it left on his cock each time she went down on him. It was like a game to her. A game to see how much she could get in her mouth and how many tries it took to take the whole thing.

Tess admired herself in the mirror. "Now to make sure he can't resist," she thought to herself. Tess quickly removed her blouse. Her nipples were standing at attention and straining against the lacy material of her bra. She couldn't her but play with her breasts. Her 36B breasts were by no means large, but in her opinion, perfect. As she stood there playing with her breasts, massaging her aching nipples, she suddenly realized there was someone else there to get back to. She quickly undid the zipper and shimmed out if her skirt. Again, she stood there admiring herself in the mirror. Her long sexy legs encased in silk. "Damn," she thought. "I want to fuck myself! There is no way he can resist!"

There was a knock on the door. "Tess, everything ok in there?"

"It is now!" she said as she opened the door.

Eric was speechless. There before him wearing only her bra, panties, garter belt and stockings was the brown haired beauty he had just met a few hours earlier in the bar downstairs.

"Told you I would make it worth your while," she said as she pushed him backwards through the room to the bed. Eric wanted to resist, but couldn't. His mind was racing, trying to make sense of what was happening. Eric bumped the edge of the bed and lost his balance. Tess seized the opportunity and gave him a playful nudge causing him to sit down. "Now it's my turn to relieve your stress," she said as she pushed him onto his back and straddled him. Tess leaned in as if to kiss him, but instead whispered in his ear "Just relax. It's ok. We're still just talking."

Tess slowly unbuttoned Eric's shirt as she rubbed his muscular chest. She could feel his heart beating rapidly. "Just relax," she said again. "And enjoy...I know I will!" Eric closed his eyes, hoping he would soon wake up from this dream that was quickly becoming a nightmare. He was a married man. This had gone much further than just talking. This was wrong, and he knew it. Yet, something just felt so right. Maybe Max was right. Maybe they were meant for each other.

With the final button undone, Tess allowed him to sit up, but only long enough to take his shirt the rest of the way off before again pushing him back onto the bed. Again she leaned in as if to kiss him. Tess could feel his cock straining under her. It had been so long since she had been with a man. She gently started to rock back and forth on his cock. Eric moaned slightly as she whispered in his ear "You're doing great. You're starting to relax." Her warm breath sent shivers down his spine. It was getting to be too much. Eric reached to push her off him, but she quickly grabbed his arms and pinned him down. She rocked harder on his cock as she sucked his ear lobe. Eric was seconds from shooting his load in his pants when she suddenly cried out in pleasure. "FUUUCCCKKK!" Tess had cum again soaking her panties. She collapsed on top of him. "God that felt good," she said coming down from the high of another intense orgasm. "Sorry...I promise you're next!"

Tess lay on top of Eric, lightly kissing and caressing his neck. Eric never said a word. He was too lost in the moment to care anymore. She could sense he had given in. She knew she had him. Now she could get to work on him. "Don't move, I'll be right back," she said as she got up and headed for the bathroom once again. Eric didn't move a muscle. In his mind, he had gone too far, past the point of no return. He might as well finish the journey.

Tess returned with something in her hand.

"What's that?"

"Just a little game I like to play. You'll see," she said as she smiled at him.

Tess didn't waste any time undoing Eric's belt. Eric lifted himself up slightly and helped her lower is pants and boxers. Her eyes widened. "This is going to be a challenge," she said. She had never seen a cock as big as Eric's. As much as she wanted to take his entire length in her mouth right then, she forced herself to hold back. She wanted to tease him just a little. She wanted to coax the biggest load she could right from the start.

"A challenge?" he asked.

"A challenge," she repeated as she took the lip gloss from the bathroom and applied more. "I like to see how many rings it takes before I can get the whole thing in my mouth. THIS is going to be a challenge!"

Tess started to tease him with a few light kiss to the head of his enormous cock. She giggled at the lip gloss rings that were left. "Looks like I'm not doing so well!" She continued to kiss just the head. Eric couldn't take the teasing. He started to shift a little each time, trying to force more of his cock in her mouth. Each time Tess pulled away. "Just relax. I'll get there," she teased. She continued her tease with light kisses down the entire length of his cock. Then, without warning, Tess went down on his cock, getting only about a half of it in her mouth. Eric's hips thrust upwards trying to get more in her mouth, but she resisted. She slowly pulled off of it. "Not bad for a first try," she said as she examined the red ring she had left around his cock. "I'll do better this time."

Tess applied more lip gloss and again went down on his cock. This time almost making it to the base. Again she slowly pulled off him. Eric was at the edge. 

"I should get it this time!" she said with a hungry smile.

Eric's cock throbbed as he watched her put on yet more lip gloss to make another ring. As soon as Tess's lips hit his cock, they both knew it wasn't going to happen.

"Fuck, Tess, I'm going to cum!" he warned her. Tess stopped where she was and swirled her tongue around the head of this cock as she caressed is balls. His balls tightened and he tensed. She was seconds from getting what she wanted. Eric finally gave in to the sensation. "FUCK!" Tess lightly stroked his cock as he came, milking every last drop out of him. His huge cock pumped what seemed like a gallon of cum into her eagerly waiting mouth. Tess swallowed what she could, the remainder slipping from between her lips and his cock. When she was sure he was done, she swallowed what she had and release his cock from her mouth with a 'pop'. She hungrily licked up what she had lost. She stroked his cock a few more times and teased on last tiny drop out. She stared deep into his eyes as she licked it off the tip. Tess climbed back on top of Eric and for the first time, kissed him. Tess shoved her tongue in Eric mouth, the last drop of cum still on it. He could taste his cum. It was salty and bitter, but he didn't care. He was beyond caring for the night.

"Mmmm, you needed that!" she said. "And so did I! I want some more of that!" Tess reached for his cock. She squealed with delight when she found he was still rock hard. "Looks like I'm going to get some sooner that I thought! Let's see if I can get the whole thing in my mouth this time!" Tess grabbed is cock and stroked it a few times before reaching for her lip gloss. "Now let's try this one more time," she said. Again Tess managed to get only half way down before stopping. "Damn your cock is huge!" she side. Tess tried one more time. Eric's eyes widened as Tess took his entire length in her mouth. He would feel the head of his cock hitting the back of her throat. She held it there for a second before sticking out her tongue and tickling his balls with it. Tess slowly pulled back and released his cock with a smile. "Five tries. Not my personal best, but with a cock that size, I can live with that!"
