 "I had a wonderful time tonight, Natalie," a tall, handsome man was saying. Natalie smiled up at him, but she wasn't feeling it inside.

"Mmhmm," she agreed politely. "It was certainly something. Give me a call sometime. I'd invite you in, but I'm afraid I've got an early meeting tomorrow."

"Oh. I see," he said, obviously disappointed. "I'll see you soon." He leaned in for a kiss, which she neatly deflected to her cheek, and then hopped off her porch heading for his car. Natalie lifted a hand in a goodbye wave and then escaped gratefully into her house. She kicked her heels off and fell back onto the couch sighing.

What a boob. Charles had been cute, no doubt about it. But he was a bore. An absolute bore. They were all bores. She had been putting herself out there for two years, and all she'd attracted were bores and jerks. It sucked. She didn't feel like she was a picky person. All she wanted was someone halfway intelligent with a decent job and good manners. And a sense of humor. Who respected women. And loved to spank them.

Whoops, did she add that in there? Okay, yes, it was true. She'd always been fascinated with the entire "lifestyle." It all went back to a book she'd been lent in high school that captured her imagination. But she'd never dated anyone who had been able to give her what she craved. Oh, she'd tried. She'd dated perhaps three dozen men since college and gone to bed with most of them. But, simply put, she felt that most of them just hadn't had the right attitude.

And she'd dated all kinds; she tried not to discriminate. Snotty, obnoxious rich boys; soft-spoken software developers; arrogant millionaire business owners; bad boy bartenders. It didn't matter; none of them had seemed quite right for what she wanted. She'd even dated a few ladies: a stripper, a librarian, two waitresses, and one soap opera actress. No spark.

Only two men out of all those people knew her secret desires. One had laughed at her -- actually laughed at her -- and that obviously hadn't gone anywhere. The other had given it his very best shot, but there had been a lot more giggling than anything else. That had been Carby, her college boyfriend of three years. He was a wonderful man, but he was no Dom. And, as it turned out, he was also gay.

Natalie had really had some rotten luck with men -- and women, actually. Maybe she should swear off dating for a little while. She was young, making a successful career for herself as a real estate agent. What did she need a partner for? An insistent tingle between her legs reminded her. Oh yeah. Sex. Right.

Okay, well even there, she didn't need a man...or even a woman. She could take care of herself just fine. And she did, almost every day. She could make herself come all night, but she couldn't spank herself. Well, she could do something with a flogger, but it was difficult and it just didn't have the same thrill for her.

The phone rang, startling her out of her thoughts.

"'lo?" she answered.

"Hey sugar, you alone?" a voice asked suggestively.

"Oh hi, Jared. Yeah, 'fraid so. He was boring."

"That's what you said about the last three guys you went out with," he complained.

"So there are a lot of boring men out there. Listen, J, it's still early. You want to come over for a glass of wine to cheer me up?"

"Sure, babe, I'd love to. Be there in ten."

And then there was Jared, one of Natalie's best friends and favorite people in the world. Why, everyone wanted to know, didn't Natalie and Jared just date, then? Or at least bang once in a while to take the edge off? The answer to the first question was that they just weren't compatible as romantic partners. As for the second question, well...that was another whole story. A weird story. A story without a sequel. Not because the sex had been bad; actually, it had been amazing.

Let's rewind. Natalie was sixteen when she met Jared. Her father, a professor of chemistry at the local university, took on graduate students as junior researchers. Jared was one of these research students, a bright, cute young man of twenty-two. Being a typical horny teenager, Natalie made sheep's eyes at him whenever he came over to their house to work with her Dad. Of course, being a typical cautious young man not wanting to "rob the cradle" or jeopardize his working relationship with his professor, Jared ignored her as completely as he could.

And she'd tried everything! Sunbathing by the pool in string bikinis, going to take showers -- wrapped only in a short towel, of course -- in the middle of the afternoon, eyelash batting, you name it. Eventually, she came to the conclusion that he wasn't interested in her that way -- or that he was gay -- but he was still around the house a lot. So she'd tried getting to know him, and found that she liked him. As a friend then, nothing more.

Jared worked with her father another two years, and even occasionally did odd jobs for their family to make a few extra bucks. Yard work one Saturday, picking up groceries on his way over, helping them to paint the basement, which they had converted to a rec room.

A few months after her eighteenth birthday, Natalie wanted to have a party -- a coed party -- in the basement. Her parents agreed, as long as she agreed to let responsible Jared, now 24, chaperone the party.

"No drinking, no smoking, and no funny business," were her mom's parting words as she left with Natalie's father for their own night out. "We'll be out until quite late; we actually might even stay the night if we're too tired to drive back."

Jared took his job as chaperone pretty seriously; he buried his nose in a book and tried to ignore the thumping music and increasingly loud giggles from downstairs.

In the basement, Natalie and her friends demolished several six packs of cheap beer and relived high school memories by playing stupid games. Truth or Dare. Spin the Bottle. And Natalie's personal favorite -- since her current crush Nick was there -- Seven Minutes in Heaven. She'd rigged the game (of course) and her seven minutes were rapidly turning into seventeen.

Once he'd admitted that he was into her as much as she was into him, she'd locked the door, deciding she was going to stay in there until she'd gotten her money's worth. She was still a virgin, but maybe she wouldn't be after that night. Okay, so a closet wasn't the most romantic place to lose her virginity, but not everything required music and candles.

They'd been in the closet for about fifteen minutes. Nick had felt up her tits and she had sucked his cock a little, and she was just lifting her skirt -- hot, wet, both of them practically panting -- when she heard the commotion from outside the door. A sudden loud banging on the door startled them.

"Hey, get out of there right now!" It was Jared, and he sounded pretty pissed. Natalie stamped her foot. She was hot, she was wet...damn it, she was ready! She wanted this. She flung the door open.

"What do you want?" she hissed.

"Party's over! Everyone out, now!" Jared shouted. The others -- even Nick -- scurried out. Natalie wheeled on Jared furiously.

"What the hell, Jared? What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

"Your parents left me in charge, and they trust me! I don't think they would appreciate knowing I'm just sitting there while their drunk daughter gets banged in the basement!"

"It's none of your business what I do, Jared. And, I'm not drunk! And I wanted to get banged in the basement!" she screamed.

Then the unthinkable happened. Jared leaned in and kissed her. Not like a sweet I-like-you kiss, but a furious, hot, I-want-to-fuck-your-brains-out kiss. Her head just about exploded and she kissed him back passionately. He picked her up, pressing her into his body, and carried her into the closet. She could feel his erection against her inner thigh and arousal sped through her veins.

Jared slammed her up against the closet wall, pinning her there with his chest while she helped by bracing her foot on one of the shelves. He unzipped his pants, sighing with relief as he pulled out his cock. He flipped up her skirt, rubbing the head of his cock against her, coating it in her wetness.

"Oh God...are you sure this is what you want?" he murmured against her lips. She answered him by grasping the sides of his head with her hands and holding him against her as she kissed him. Pushing her hips toward him slightly, she almost didn't expect him to thrust forward firmly, pushing past her virginity all the way to the hilt. She groaned slightly as the sharp stab of pain burst through her, but then it was over. It felt so different from anything she'd ever experienced. Jared pulled back slightly and looked at her, startled. The motion made her squirm with sudden pleasure.

"What that what I think it was?" he questioned warily.

"Shut up and fuck me," she answered breathlessly. He did, thrusting into her over and over as she writhed, pinned between him and the wall.

"God, I'm not going to last very long," he muttered. Natalie's fingernails dug firmly into the backs of his shoulders as she pumped her hips up to meet his thrusting. Warmth grew between her legs and soon she was exploding around him, crying out her pleasure as he pumped his come into her. Then his knees buckled and they both slid to the floor, panting and looking at each other wide-eyed.

"Is it...is it always like that?" she asked breathlessly.

"No. Definitely no," he replied. "I can't believe you didn't tell me you were a virgin."

"I can't believe you didn't tell me you wanted to fuck me."

"I...think we should at least clean up the beer cans before your parents get home."

"O-okay, sure." They straightened up the basement together, and then sat uncomfortably on the couch together. It was still pretty early, only eleven o'clock. Natalie looked at Jared, saw him surreptitiously glancing at her legs.

"Um. You wanna do it again?" she asked.

"Yes, please."

So they did it again, this time in her bedroom, and it was just as amazing as the first time. Maybe even more amazing, if possible, because they could take their time. Natalie's parents never did come home, and Jared spent the night wrapped around her.

But in the morning, they'd agreed not to do it again. Or, more accurately, Jared had told her they wouldn't do it again. She'd given him the silent treatment for six weeks, but eventually she came around to his point of view. Having sex would only tempt them into dating, which they knew wouldn't work out, and they'd probably end up hating each other.

Of course...they were older now. It'd been six years. They were probably mature enough to handle a little sex without strings, but it just never came up. Oh, she'd thought about it a few times, but they always moved on to another topic and it was forgotten again.

The doorbell rang.

"Come on in, J!" she called. Jared entered, waggling a squarish bottle half-filled with amber liquid.

"Thought maybe we'd dip into the good stuff tonight."

"Best idea I've heard all night." She went into the kitchen to get glasses, ice, and club soda. Jared poured and then they clinked their glasses together, reclining on the couch.

"You wanna tell me about him?"

"I would, but...there's just nothing to tell! He works at a bank, and I think even he didn't find it interesting. We saw a movie that he thought was 'okay,' had dinner at a restaurant he thought was 'okay.' I bet a goodnight kiss wouldn't have been more than mildly titillating," she said with a roll of her eyes. "But hey, didn't you have a date tonight yourself?"

"Yeah. She came on so strong, though. I think she would have taken any dick on legs at this point."

"Isn't that what you menfolk want?" she teased.

"Ha, ha, funny. Not this man, Nat. It's not very flattering." The scotch was going down smooth. Probably too smooth, Natalie thought as she sucked down her second drink. Her head was feeling a little light.

"Oh yeah? I guess you're still waiting on Ms. Right, huh? The one with the body of a Playboy Bunny and the mind of a genius mad scientist?"

"Nat, what the heck are you babbling about?" Jared snorted.

"I dunno," she said, giggling into her third drink.

"I think you've had about enough."

"Uhh, well, I think you just haven't had enough yet."

"Enough for what?" Natalie shrugged, setting her drink down on the table. He was probably right. If she didn't stop drinking, she would probably say something she'd regret. "Nat...why don't you tell me the real reason these men are never good enough for you?"

"What do you mean?"

"What are you waiting for?"

"I'm not going to tell you that!" she snapped.

"Why not? Afraid I don't feel the same?"

"I don't understand..." Instead of answering her, Jared leaned over and kissed her deeply. The tingling between her legs grew more insistent suddenly and she was reminded of what an amazing kisser he was. And how attracted she still was to him. Arousal blazed through her and she moaned aloud as he kissed down her neck.

"No...no, we really can't," she protested.

"It's been years, Nat. We're not the same people. We both want this."

"It's not that," she said, struggling to think over the alcohol fogging her brain and the feeling of Jared's hand sliding up her leg. "You can't give me what I want."

"Oh, I can give you what you want," he said lasciviously, cupping the soaked crotch of her panties.

"You don't understand!" she cried, pushing away from him and standing on wobbly legs. "I've never told you because you'll think I'm a freak."

"I won't," he said, confused. "You can tell me."

"I don't just want sex. I need someone who can take control of me. Give me orders. Punish me when I don't obey. Hurt me a little. Humiliate me a little," she finished, blushing. Jared stood there for a long moment processing this information.

"Like you are right now?" he asked in a quiet voice. She didn't answer and he rose to his feet. "So," he said slowly, "you won't do it because you want to, but if I order you to suck my dick..." Natalie turned away from him.

"Don't. It's embarrassing enough. Please just go." Jared grabbed her upper arms and leaned down to speak in her ear.

"I don't think you understand me. You need to get fucked, and I'm going to do it. And if you don't think you want to agree, that's fine. I can make you. I will make you," he said darkly. A little shiver ran through her, but she didn't answer. "Now you will turn around, you will get on your knees, and you will suck my dick. Now," he added when she didn't move, "or else."

The silence spread between them as Jared dug his fingertips into Natalie's upper arms and her mind raced. Honestly, she didn't think he would have had it in him. She wasn't sure he really did. She needed to know for sure.

"Or else what?" she whispered.

"Or else I punish you."

"How?" Another short pause.

"How does a naughty girl normally get punished?" When she didn't answer immediately, he gave her a gentle shake. "Answer me," he ordered. "How does a girl get punished?"

"She...she gets a spanking." There, she'd said it. It was make or break time. Her heart was beating way too fast, and she became aware that she was holding her breath.

"Damn right she does," he said quietly into her ear. "Now I'm going to sit down, and once I do, I want you bent over my lap." He released her shoulders, and her breath whooshed out of her all at once. Jared sat down on the couch and Natalie glanced at him before kneeling on the couch and stretching out over his lap. He looked...different, somehow. Hot. Well, hotter.

"How many strokes does my girl think she deserves?" A shiver ran through her when he said it. My girl. Mmm. "How many, for not following a direct order?" He lifted her skirt up, exposing her panties to his view.

"Um...five?"

"I don't think so, Nat. Not following orders should be at least ten strokes, and I'll add two more for guessing so low. That's twelve in all. You ready?"

"Uh-huh," she managed, trembling a little in anticipation. She didn't have long to wait. His hand crashed down on her backside and the pain spread over her skin immediately. She yelped, though it ended on a long, low moan. Jared stroked her silky panties briefly before giving her another firm smack.

After five strokes, he slid her panties down to expose her buttocks. The next smack felt even more intense, and the way he caressed her gently afterward brought goose bumps up all over. Natalie whimpered as she absorbed the pain and shuddering pleasure from each spank. She was so wet, she was sure she must be leaving a wet spot on his pants.

Jared was still stroking her buttocks, making her writhe with the sensation of it on her tingling skin. He let his fingertips drift down between her legs, sliding two of them up into her as she cried out.

"Fuck, you're so wet, Nat. I'm going to fuck you now, okay?"

"Yes, yes please," she moaned. Jared slid out from under her, hurriedly unzipping his pants and sliding them down. He knelt behind her on the couch, lining his cock up and driving forward into her. "Oh God, Jared!" she cried out, digging her fingers into the couch cushions. The feel of his cock plunging in and out of her was amazing; it was like he was made to fit her perfectly.

"Jesus, you feel amazing," Jared groaned. He leaned forward, wrapping his arms securely around Natalie as he drove into her. She tipped her head back to press her cheek into his. It just felt so good, and his kisses on her neck drove her so close to orgasm. Her legs were trembling beneath her. Then Jared slid his fingers into her panties and Natalie came apart, bowing her back as she tightened around his cock. Three quick thrusts later and he was spilling into her, breathing hard as he nuzzled the back of her neck.

"Nat, listen to me," he said softly as he sat back on the couch, with some difficulty, pulling her with him and onto his lap. "I can give you what you want. I can be who you need." Natalie rested her head on his shoulder, frowning. She hadn't had sex this amazing since...wow, probably since the first time she'd had it with Jared, but that wasn't really the point. Or was it?

"Jared, I thought we agreed --"

"I know what we said, but fuck, don't you understand? I love you, Natalie."

"Whoa, what?" she said in amazement.

"I want us to be together. You're my one and only...you always have been."

"Jared, I don't know what to say...except that I love you, too, but..."

"No buts. Maybe I shouldn't be doing this tonight, but I can't wait any longer." He dug into his pants pocket, pulling out a little box. "Natalie...marry me?" He flipped open the box, showing her a ring. Her heart skipped a beat as she looked at him, watching her so earnestly.

"I...geez...Jared, is that my great-grandmother's ring?"

"Ye-es..." he said, looking a little embarrassed.

"You talked to my parents?"

"I did. They, um, they think I'm crazy."

"You are crazy!" Jared's face fell as he lowered the ring box.

"So...no?"

"No -- yes! I mean, yes, I will marry you! You're my best friend and, God, I really do love you."

Jared grinned like an idiot as he tipped her off his lap and onto the couch. He straddled her lap, sliding the ring onto her finger. Natalie grasped a handful of his hair and pulled him down for a kiss. She gazed at him and just couldn't believe it. After six years and dozens of failed dates between them, she was right where she was supposed to be.

"So...um. You wanna do it again?" she asked.

"Yes, please."