 Hello All,

I am Maximillian_Excaliber and before the story I would like to tell you the importance of leaving feedback.

As a writer, it is important to know how well or not well received a work is by received the target audience. Unlike movie and TV studios, we can not rely on focus groups to tell us how our work is being accepted.

On this site, the mechanisms some of us writers rely upon, especially the new ones like myself, are feedback and ratings.

A given work may have been read by 8000 people in three days, but if only 10 or 20 people take the time to rate it and only 2 to leave feedback it is impossible for us and you to tell how popular the story actually is and it is difficult for us, as writers, to know what may need improvement.

While feedback is important to improvement, ratings are the best gauge of how popular a story is but they are only reliable if enough people do so.

For those of you who don't know, a "Hot" story is one that has an average of 4.5 after 10 or more votes. They will have a little red "H" beside their names in the lists displays but some of the best stories have poor ratings because only a few people have taken the time to rate them while literally thousands have actually read them. And so, unless you stumble across them by accident, you may never know about them.

Feedback can always be left anonymously and ratings are always anonymous so please, even if you do not wish to leave feedback, take the time to rate the story.

Thank you for taking the time to read this and Happy Reading,

One final note, I have been trying to find an editor. Of four attempts only has responded however we seem to be having technical difficulty with emails being lost so I am still effectively without one. I run each story through two different word processing programs and have it read aloud to me by software but still errors get through. If you are an editor and which to help, please let me know. If not, please try to be understanding of the situation and keep in mind I am still looking when providing feedback.

Thanks

Maximillian_Excaliber

And now for the story...

***

Accidents Will Happen - The Great Car Theft

Introduction

After I had finished my fifth story in the Matchmaker Bandit Series I realized that I had always made the woman captive the one who antagonizes Ms. White. As a result it was the woman captive that always caused the couple to be placed in the somewhat embarrassing situations that are the trademark of the series. With this story, I decided to try a few things differently. I hope you enjoy it.

Prelude

Hollywood, California - 1926

"Oh God! Yes! You really are The World's Greatest Lover!" cried the voice of Vivian Schultz as she began cumming once again. She was in the back of her lover, the notorious silent film star Randolf Valiant's, 1925 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost with her legs over his shoulders and had just pulled his head tightly between her legs while he continued licking her soaking wet pussy to its third orgasm.

Later that night, after he had dropped her off, the silent film star opened the lid to the toolbox on the driver's side running board of his prized automobile. Then, taking a metal scribe from a small tool pouch, he carefully scratched another one half inch long mark onto the inside of the lid. There were now five-hundred and forty-two little marks including the one he had just made, each one representing a different woman brought to ecstasy in his love-mobile.

Chapter One - "Relentless"

Atlanta, Georgia - Current Day

"Going once for one million two-hundred fifty thousand, going twice for one million two-hundred fifty thousand, last call for this piece of American history...sold to Mr. Backus representing the unknown bitter by telephone for one million two-hundred fifty thousand dollars, the 1925 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost previously owned by the legendary silent film star Randolf Valiant." came the voice of the auctioneer.

'The Great American Auto Show and Auction' was over. It had been a very long and successful week for the show's promoters with over a million visitors attending but it was time for the real work to begin. 

The various automobiles that had been on display had covered almost 16 square acres of land. The Convention Center itself had hosted over one-hundred and seventy-five separate displays from a wide variety of automobile parts and accessory manufacturers. 

The main attraction of the show was the antique car auction. That particular event had been the last event and it had alone brought in over fifty-six million dollars in sales of which the show's promoter took ten percent.

By twelve o'clock the next night, all but one of the display booths were gone and there were no more workmen left in the building. 

Except for Nichole and Troy, the building was empty. They were carefully inspecting the Convention Center to make sure that no uncapped electrical wires were left which might be present themselves to be fire-hazards.

"You know, they wont be back to get the Winnebago until tomorrow morning, why don't we go see if we can wear out the shocks on it?" Nichole Hall said to Troy as she started to grab his right hand.

'God!' He thought, 'She's relentless! She's been at this for six months now!' Every day they worked she would somehow manage to start a conversation that led to discussions of sex. It wouldn't have been so bad but she was right; that's exactly what he wanted to do. He just couldn't seem to get used to her very forward and direct to the point manner.

He knew the definition of sexual harassment, he did not consider it that. He had no desire to pursue it as such so he let her play her little game with him.

Pulling his hand away, Troy said to her, "No!"

"What's the matter?" she said to him teasingly, "Don't you like the Winnebago?"

"Yes!" he replied.

She grabbed his hand again and said as she started pulling him in the direction of the camper, "Well then, let's go."

"I don't think of you in that way Nichole." he lied. He had fallen head over heals for her months ago and was hopelessly in love with her. But somehow, it just didn't seem right for the woman to be pursuing the man. Besides that, he just couldn't seem to get past her openness about what she wanted. And then there was the tiny little fact that she happen to be the boss's daughter!

She looked at him, still tugging on his hand and said, "I know you must be wondering what I have been hiding under these clothes! Here's you chance to find out. Just admit it, you want to do it just as bad as I do!"

Troy Young remembered when it all began six months ago. He was on his lunch break and had been in a hurry to get back to work having had to pay his his electric bill before it was cut off. Being short of time, he stopped at a convenience store on the way back to get a soda and sandwich. While he was there, he noticed something special about the new issue of Penthouse Magazine was in decided to buy it. 

The clerk had placed the magazine in the bag with his lunch and he had forgotten to take it out when he went to the break room to eat his lunch. Nichole was already there eating. 

As he set down the bag onto the table, the Penthouse magazine slid out onto the table for her to see. To make matters worse, the girl on the cover could easily have passed for Nichole's twin sister, had she had one. In fact, the very reason he had bought the magazine in the first place was because the cover girl looked so much like Nichole.

After that, she turned up the flames every time she could. And today she was on fire and had him burning hot as well, but in a very nice way. Although he couldn't bring himself to admit it to her, he enjoyed her little taunts as much as she did.

Pulling his hand back again, he said to her, "I'm hungry. Let's take a break and eat something."

"Oh goody! I like that idea!" she said to him and started to unbutton her blouse.

He quickly grabbed her hand gently to stop her and said, 

"That's not what I meant and you know it!"

"Party pooper!" she said, the sound of disappointment in her voice. Then added, "Oh well, we've got all night. There's always later!" 

Seeming to give up, she headed towards the break room.

Chapter Two - "Mind If We Go For A Test Drive?"

They had just gotten there when they heard the service entrance buzzer ring. 

Troy looked over at Nichole and said, "One of the technicians must have left something. I'll go see what's up."

When he got to the door and opened it, standing there with their backs to the doorway were a man and woman. From what he could see, they were both dressed in matching gray overalls and the man was caring a canvas bag similar to that workman might use to carry their tools. As the couple turned around, he was surprised to see that both were wearing cheap plastic Lone Ranger masks; both were also pointing .38 revolvers directly at him. He also noticed that behind them was a panel truck large enough to contain perhaps one large automobile backed up to the service entrance.

It was then that the woman, a very sexy buxom full figured brunet with long wavy hair said to him in a naturally sultry voice, "Step inside please, this thing has a hair trigger and I wouldn't want any accidents to happen." And with that, she began stepping through the door leaving him no choice but to back up and allow her entrance.

Just at that moment Nichole walked up behind Troy, having not seen the weapons the newcomers were holding, asked, "What's up?"

"Hi, we'd like to test drive one of your cars! If you don't mind, that is?" Came once again the sultry voice of the armed female.

As Nichole looked towards the doorway, she realized that both thieves were standing there pointing weapons at Troy. She said to them, "What's going on?

"I think they want to steal one of the cars!" replied Troy.

The vivacious villain said to Troy as her companion closed the door behind, "You got it Lover boy. We want the 1925 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost that used to be owned by Randolf Valiant."

Puzzled, Nichole asked the female felon, "Why do you want that one? It's not the most expensive car here!"

"Nope, your right! It isn't! But we collect erotic oddities and it has seen more pussy than a porn star's gynecologist." Said the buxom bandit in response.

Nichole smiled and said, "Oh yeah! I forgot about that! It does kind of make it unique doesn't it?"

"Yes! It does indeed! By the way, I am Ms. White and this is Mr. Black. Nice to meet you." Ms. White replied almost cordially.

Troy looked at the pistol she was holding and said, "Can't say the same lady!"

The female criminal said to him, "Now, before I forget, there were supposed to be four of you; where are the other two?" 

"They didn't show up for work! I think they were out partying too much last night." replied Troy.

Upon hearing that, Ms. White smiled and said, "Good! 

That makes our job just that much easier! Now, while I'd love to chat with you, we are on a time schedule so, why don't you both be polite host and show us over to the exhibit area?" Then added, "That's not a request!"

They passed row upon row of automobiles varying from concept cars to antiques. The 1925 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost was the last one. To get it out, would require moving every car ahead of it. Troy realized it would take a hours to move the other cars out just to get enough room to move the antique Rolls Royce.

The only booth left belonged to a company specializing in custom tire inner tubes. It consisted of a backdrop with the company's logo on it, some shelves containing examples of the company's products, a metal table, and a small couch for the employees to sit on when on breaks.

The table was sturdy and about 30 inches wide and 84 inches long. 

"Stop right here!" Said the female felon.

She paused a minute as she stood looking down the rows of vehicles they had all just passed and then turned to them to address them directly, "Since I can't trust either of you to help us move the cars, I've decided to leave you both here while we do it. I just want to be sure that you wont try to escape and so now it's show time lovers! Loose the clothes!" Then added, "All of them! "

Troy looked the female robber straight in the eyes and said, "FUCK YOU LADY!"

"That was the wrong thing to say BUDDY!" Came the voice of the till then silent male robber.

Chapter Three - "Teaching Him A Lesson"

"FUCK ME? That's no way to talk to a woman! Or are you that horny?" She said to him angrily. Then she turned to Nichole and said curtly, "Aren't you giving him any honey?"

Not caring about watching her tongue, Nichole replied, "Don't blame me! It's not my fault he's not interested! I don't meet his high standards!"

"Is that a fact?" Ms. White said to her. Then added, "Well, I guess we will just have to teach how to appreciate a lady!"

While inwardly delighted at the prospect of seeing Troy's stuffed shirt deflated a bit, Nichole was not quite sure she liked the way Ms. White had used the were "we" just then.

As Troy and Nichole were considering the possibilities of Ms. Whites last sentence, the female bandit was looking around the garage seemingly deep in thought.

After about a minute, she turned back to them and said, "OK, let's start over. Loose the clothes!" Then she pointed her pistol directly at Troy's crotch and added the word, "Please!"

That was followed by the voice of the male robber saying to Nichole, "You too Honey!"

While it was plainly obvious to both Troy and Nichole that they had no choice in the matter, Troy stood immobile until Nichole, who seemed to have no problem exposing herself in front of Troy and these two strangers, started undressing by taking off her blouse.

When she did, all could she her magnificent breasts and perky nipples for beneath her blouse she had not been wearing a bra.

His eyes fixed upon the floor, Troy one by one slowly slipped off his shoes and socks. While he was doing so, Nichole removed her sneakers and having no socks on, unbuttoned her shorts, pulled down the zipper, and began sliding them down to the floor and stepped out of them. Mr. Black, who had been busy guarding Troy, glanced over Nichole and saw that Nichole was now almost nude except for a pair of very sheer, almost see-through, white panties. 

In fact, the panties were so sheer that they provided the most beautiful view of Nichole's neatly trimmed pussy. He looked back at Troy and said to him, "Are you gay or what?"

"Hell NO!" Troy said looking up at him.

Pointing at Nichole with his thumb, the male felon said, "Then tell me what's with that!"

Troy, who was unbuttoning his shirt, casually looked over at Nichole who had just finished removing her panties. She was just standing there totally nude, smiling at him, with one hand on her waste as she twirled her panties around the index finger of her other hand.

He had looked at her for longer than he intended and the sight of her had the unexpected effect of awaking his penis from its slumber.

"Hurry up lover boy! Pretend you are in bed and finish up quickly!" Ms. White said to him impatiently.

Despite the dire circumstances they seemed to be in, Nichole giggled at the buxom felon's last comment causing Troy to turn bright red in the face.

A minute later Troy stood there fully nude, his eyes fixed upon the floor, while he tried to cover his semi-erect penis with his hands.

"Why don't you be a good girl and lay down on the table for me?" the full figured felon asked Nichole.

Nichole looked at her and asked, "Do I have a choice?"

"No!" replied the robber.

She had quickly realized that the woman was not likely to hurt her or Troy unless they gave her a problem. The robber simply wanted to embarrass Troy and that Nichole herself just happened to be the tool she was using to do it. Since they were not being harmed, she decided to play along with and not give her any resistance. Besides, she was taking great pleasure herself, in seeing Troy expose himself. And so, tossing her panties to the floor, Nichole shrugged and did as she was told. 

"OK, your turn now lover boy, climb right between those sexy legs of hers." Ms. White instructed Troy causing his prick to become fully erect.

Shocked, Troy said to the beautiful villain as he tried more desperately to cover his erection, "Wait a minute! You're not going to make me have sex with her are you?"

"What the two of you do once you're there is up to you. I really don't care. But you are going to climb on top of her." Ms. White replied and motioned to Nichole. Noticing that Troy's hands were trying unsuccessfully to cover his erection, the female criminal said to Nichole, "I don't know what made you think he's not interested in you, but I would say that is irrefutable evidence to the contrary, wouldn't you?"

"Na, I think he likes you!" Nichole said, giggling once more.

Troy gave Nichole a vexed look and simply stood there unmoving until he heard her say tauntingly, "Chicken! What's the matter, afraid I might bite you?"

Upon hearing that, Troy got climbed up onto the table between her legs and stared down at her defiantly with his hard prick laying on her pelvis and the weight of his upper body supported on his forearms.

"Very nice, lover boy!" commented the vivacious villain as she removed a pair of handcuffs from one of her pockets and locked one end around his left wrist and then the other end around a support bar running under that side of the table. Then, she walked around the other side of the table and used another set of handcuffs to similarly secure his right wrist to that side of the table.

After she had retrieved one of the cylindrical shaped cushions from the arm of the couch, Ms. White said to Nichole, "Since you've been so cooperative, would you mind bending your knees back until your feet are flat on the table for me please?"

"Since you asked so nicely, sure." Nichole said as she complied.

Next Ms. White said to Troy, "Lift your weight off of her and hold it there until I tell you to stop!"

Troy decided to just lay there unmoving until Ms. White smacked him hard on the ass and said, "Now damn it!" Upon which, he lifted his body off of Nichole as much as he could.

The female bandit looked at Nichole once more and said, "Raise your cute butt up off the table for me, will you?" As Nichole did so, Ms. White pushed the cushion right under the lower part of Nichole's ass. Then she said to Nichole, "OK, you can lower your ass now." 

When Nichole lowered her ass to the cushion, she found was now elevated several inches off the table and her pussy was almost parallel with the table top.

Ms. White next said to Troy, "Go ahead and drop your weight now lover boy."

When he did, the full length of Troy's cock lay right in the furrow of Nichole's pussy. The head of his cock extended just about an inch and a half above her clit and the intimate contact of they're genitals surprised both Troy and Nichole.

Ms. White then took another pair of handcuffs and locked one end of it around Nichole's left ankle. Next she took the other end and locked it to the crossbar under the center table that ran from one support bar to the other. Removing another pair of handcuffs from one of her other pockets, she walked around the table and did the same thing to Nichole's right ankle. The handcuffs now prevented Nichole from moving her ankles more than a few inches in any direction.

Having finished securing Nichole's ankles, Ms. White then retrieved a knife the canvas bag the robbers had brought and used it to cut two of the bicycle inner tubes so that they each became long tubular pieces of rubber. She took one of the tubes of rubber, tied it to the support bar under the table, and took the other end and pulled it under Nichole's left knee and then over Troy's right ass-cheek. She then ran it under his left leg and Nichole's right knee before she tied it to the support bar under the other side of the table. After that, she similarly secured his other ass cheek with the other tube of rubber. It left him very little room to move.
