 Hello All,

I am Maximillian_Excaliber and before the story I would like to tell you the importance of leaving feedback.

As a writer, it is important to know how well or not well received a work is by received the target audience. Unlike movie and TV studios, we can not rely on focus groups to tell us how our work is being accepted.

On this site, the mechanisms some of us writers rely upon, especially the new ones like myself, are feedback and ratings.

A given work may have been read by 8000 people in three days, but if only 10 or 20 people take the time to rate it and only 2 to leave feedback it is impossible for us and you to tell how popular the story actually is and it is difficult for us, as writers, to know what may need improvement.

While feedback is important to improvement, ratings are the best gauge of how popular a story is but they are only reliable if enough people do so.

For those of you who don't know, a "Hot" story is one that has an average of 4.5 after 10 or more votes. They will have a little red "H" beside their names in the lists displays but some of the best stories have poor ratings because only a few people have taken the time to rate them while literally thousands have actually read them. And so, unless you stumble across them by accident, you may never know about them.

Feedback can always be left anonymously and ratings are always anonymous so please, even if you do not wish to leave feedback, take the time to rate the story.

Thank you for taking the time to read this and Happy Reading.

One final note, I have been trying to find an editor. Of four attempts only has responded however we seem to be having technical difficulty with emails being lost so I am still effectively without one. I run each story through two different word processing programs and have it read aloud to me by software but still errors get through. If you are an editor and which to help, please let me know. If not, please try to be understanding of the situation and keep in mind I am still looking when providing feedback.

Thanks

Maximillian_Excaliber

And now for the story...

***

Accidents Will Happen - The Great Department Store Robbery

Introduction

I am always trying to come up with new positions to put the main characters in sexually and here is one that I had not done until this story. Believe it or not, it was a tough one to make happen and still keep somewhat believable.  I had been thinking about it for quite some time trying to figure out what and how to manage it and here is what I came up with. 

One more thing, I hope this story illustrates to all you guys and gals out there the why it's not such a good idea to call the wrong woman the 'B' word. 

Have fun with this one and please enjoy.

Prelude

Robert Thomas Claymore, the owner of the T.C. Claymore Department Store chain was dead. He had died quite peacefully in his sleep on a cold winter's night in the middle of December. His heirs, Thomas Claymore Jr. and Thomasina had inherited his entire fortune which included his country estate, the department store chain itself and his private penthouse suite.

A reclusive man in his later years, Robert Claymore chose to spend almost all of his time at the penthouse suite which occupied the entire seventh floor of the Brooklyn location of the chain's first and oldest store. Both the store and suite had been renovated several times to insure that it always had the latest amenities for Robert Claymore, his guests and customers. A little known fact was that Mr. Claymore, the elder, was quite the ladies man and, in his declining years, had become somewhat obsessed with sex. Because of that obsession, he had accumulated a rather substantial collection of erotic art and paraphernalia the pride of which was his massive collection of rare antique stag films and clips. 

Unfortunately, being somewhat conservative in both moral and religious views, neither his son nor daughter shared his affinity for erotic material. They also did not share their father's affection for his beloved penthouse. And so, when their father died, they decided to have his entire collection of erotic material destroyed and the penthouse suite turned into storage space for the store.

Chapter One - "The Night Shift"

After Yevette Jefferson and Carlo Spinola had finished their three days of training as security guards by Lincoln, Masters and Marconi Security Services, they were both assigned to the night shift duty at T.C. Claymore's Brooklyn store. 

Yevette was somewhat dark complected and a bit short as Negro women went being about 5'6 inches tall. She had large but not overly so breasts, short hair that was sculpted somewhat like a 'Poodle Cut", brown eyes, muscular thighs and calves, and the classic slightly large butt that is somewhat predominate amongst some women of color. It wasn't by any means what one could describe as a massive "big booty butt". However, it was a bit more ample than was average for a woman her size and most men found it quite attractive.

Her partner, Carlo, was a third generation American of Italian decent. He was six foot tall, slightly dark complected, black curly hair, blue eyes, a stocky build and had a very substantial amount of body hair. Had he ever worn one of those cheap polyester suits that were so popular in the seventies, he could easily have been mistaken as a mob soldier.

They had been working together for nine months and had become very close as they began to learn things about each other. She learned that he was direct and to the point and he learned that she could be quick tempered and at times completely irrational when angry. Even so, they got along almost as well as a happily married couple.

It was about eleven o'clock at night and two hours after the store had closed. Their shift had started when the store closed and things in the building were as quiet as a mouse.

"Let me get dis straight, dey gonna take all dis art stuff here da old man saved and burn it up?" Carlo asked Yevette, a tone of disbelief in his voice as they both stepped off one of the elevators into the penthouse floor. 

Yevette scanned the hallway in front of them and replied, "Yeah, that's right! Every fucking bit of it!"

They walked down the hall to the penthouse entrance then, Yevette used her key-card to open the door and they both walked inside.

"Seems a shame to burn up all dees beautiful statues and paintings, doesn't it Yevette?" Carlo said as they both stood admiring a particularly erotic painting of a man and a woman engaged in mutual oral sex.

"If you ask me, the old man's kids are fucking nuts!" she replied as they both continued their rounds through the penthouse.

Carlo and Yevette stopped in front of an extremely realistic life size statue of a couple having sex in the doggy style position. Carlo turned his head to her slightly and said, "Ya know, I saw dat in a movie once. Never done it myself."

"Carlo, you have no fucking idea what you've been missing! The best sex I ever..." she stopped herself in mid-sentence and said to him, "You've really never done that?"

"Nah, my ex-girlfriend, she didn't like to try anything different. She said it was sinful. She said, 'If da church says do it missionary, den we is doing it missionary. I'm a good Cathlic girl!' So dats what we did. Missionary! All da time, every time!" he told her.

"Well, she was a fucking idiot and you should have her dumped sooner!" Yevette exclaimed. 

As they walked, she was having trouble getting the image of that statue out of her head. Not because 'doggy' was her favorite position, though it was!  It was because every time the image of it popped into her brain, Yevette kept seeing herself as the woman in the statue and Carlo as the man. What she did not know, was that the same thing was happening to Carlo.

Yevette had developed more than a deep affection for him, and it became much stronger after the night a thief had broken into the store. The thief, armed with a pistol, had surprised them both and had his gun pointed at Carlo. 

When Yevette said to the man "Take what you want you piece of shit and get the hell out!" 

The man turned his pistol on her and was about to pull the trigger when Carlo literally jumped in front of her, caught the thief totally by surprise, grabbed his gun hand, and proceeded to beat the man to a bloody pulp. The thief had set off the silent alarm while breaking in and the three policemen arrived just in time to pull Carlo off of him. Had they not arrived when they did, Carlo would have killed the man with his bare hands.

She knew that night that he had showed more with his actions than he ever could have with words just how much he cared for her.

They were walking their third set of rounds together and talking about the futility of being a security guard for a company that would not even allow them to carry firearms when they heard the voice of a woman behind them say, "Keep your hands where we can see them and turn around very slowly!"

Chapter Two - "Take Out The Trash"

Carlo and Yevette both froze immediately and stood there in shock until they heard a different, male, voice say, "She said turn around, so turn around!"

They did. What they saw was a man and a woman, both dressed in gray overalls, holding pistols pointed in their directions and wearing cheap plastic lone ranger masks on their faces.

The woman, a beautiful full figured brunette, about five foot eight inches tall with long wavy hair that came down about six inches past her shoulders, said to them in a sultry voice, "Hi! My name is Ms. White and this is Mr. Black. We understand that you have some garbage to dispose of and were here to take out the trash for you."

"What?" came the voices of Carlo and Yevette in unison. The buxom brunette answered them, "The artwork! We want it before those two morons nice old Mr. Claymore had the displeasure of siring have a chance to destroy it."

"Look lady, if you take that stuff we will loose our jobs! Hell, they might even think we took it!" Yevette told the female robber.

Consolingly, the buxom felon said to her, "Not if we leave you too handcuffed naked to each other they wont."

"You're out of your fucking mind lady if you think I am going to let you strip me naked and leave me handcuffed here until morning." Yevette said to her indignantly.

Carlo turned to Yevette and said, "Let em have it, Honey. Da dumb shits was gonna burn it anyway!"

"Bullshit! They're thieves and it's our fucking jobs to protect the store!" Yevette yelled at him.

'Oh shit!' he thought, 'She's working herself into a pissy fit!' Then he said to her, "Dey just want the artwork, not the other stuff. We're supposed to protect the store goods not the trash. Why not just let them have it?"

For just a second Carlo thought she was going to argue with him but instead she said, "Fine! Fuck it! Let them have the shit. But I'm not going to strip naked and be left here for the store manager to find me in the morning!" 

"That's not negotiable!" said the female felon. Then added, "No loose the clothes!"

Carlo and Yevette both began undressing. When he was down to his underpants, Carlo looked over at Yevette to see her standing there fully nude with her Nubian body fully exposed for all to see. There was an expression of anger worse than he had ever seen on her face. 

Two things concerned him at the time. The first was that she might do or say something stupid to provoke the two armed criminals unnecessarily. And the second, was that the sight of her immediately brought back the image of that statue in the penthouse and he had grown a massive erection. 

Yevette looked at the vivacious villain and said, "I'll see your ass in jail bitch!"

"Shut da fuck up Yevette!" Carlo yelled.

The till then silent male robber quickly said to him, "Too late for that Buddy! She's stuck her foot in it now!"

Chapter Three - "Fe-Fe Gets Collared"

For almost a minute there was total silence and Carlo could swear he could see Ms. White counting to herself. Finally the silence was broken. 

"Why is it that no matter how civil I am people keep calling me that?" Ms. White said in a tone that seemed to project both annoyance and frustration in her voice, then added, 

"Well, I guess we'll just have to find out which of us really is the bitch." After that, she turned to her companion and said, "Cover them! I've got some shopping to do!"

"You better not hurt her or I'll break both your fucking necks!" Carlo said to the male robber threateningly.

The felon simply smiled and said, "I've got a sneaking idea what she may be up to. Don't worry, unless you do something stupid she won't hurt you. Hell, you might even like it!"

Both Carlo and Yevette suddenly got puzzled, then very worried looks on their faces.

A few short minutes later, Ms. White returned caring one of the store's shopping bags. It obviously contained several items. When she emptied the contents of the bag onto one of the beds, Yevette gasped in horror for the bag had contained five chain leashes from pet supplies, one large bottle of KY personal lubricant from pharmaceuticals, six small key locks from hardware, two small rubber ball doggy chew toys and a large dog collar.

Ms. White then looked directly at Yevette and said, "OK Fe-Fe, get on the bed on all fours."

"You're off your fucking nut if you think I am going to do that Lady!" Yevette said to her defiantly.

With no expression on her face, Ms. White turned and pointed her pistol at Carlo's crotch and said, "Ever seen the quick way to spade a male dog?"

"What do you think Lover boy?" Ms. White said as she looked Carlo straight in the eyes. Carlo didn't take long to consider her words before saying to Yevette, "Yevette, she means it!"

"What difference does it make, you've told me yourself you had a vasectomy?" Was Yevette's response. She was enraged and didn't seem to be considering the full ramifications of Ms. White's quick method of spading.

Carlo however, fully understood what would happen and said to Yevette pleadingly, "Honey, they might not work any more, but I like dem and would hate to loose dem. You understand dat she's talking about blowing dem off? I could bleed to death before help gets here, dat is if anyone even calls for it!"

"WELL FUCK!" Yevette said in frustration and got upon the bed as instructed.

Laughing, the usually silent male robber said to her, "That's up to you Honey."

The female bandit handed her pistol to her partner before retrieving a pair of handcuffs from one of the pockets of her overalls. She then walked around to the head of the bed, reached through the center vertical bars on the head board and locked one end of the handcuffs around Yevette's right wrist. Next she pulled the free end of the handcuff under the bottom bar on the headboard, through one of the vertical bars in the center of the headboard, wrapped it around it once, back under the bottom bar again and locked it around Yevette's left wrist.

When Yevette's hands were secured to the headboard, Ms. White walked over to the bed that she had dumped the contents of the bag onto and retrieved one of the dog leashes that lay there. Leash in hand, she walked back over to the bed that Yevette was on and just laid it over Yevette's hips to dangle freely. 

"What the fuck are you doing bitch?" Yevette yelled at the voluptuous villain.

Upon hearing Yevette's words, Ms. White walked over to the other bed, picked up one of the rubber balls and walked back over to Yevette.

Yevette, upon seeing what the woman was holding quickly closed her mouth tightly. However, Ms. White, simply used her free hand to pinch Yevette's nose until she was forced to open her mouth for air. 

When Yevette gasped for air, Ms. White suddenly shoved the rubber chew toy into it and said, "Don't spit that out until I tell you to or I'll put it back in and tape your mouth shut!"

The next thing Ms. White did was to pick up the leash around Yevette's waist and then after she wrapped it around Yevette, pulled the latch as far as it would go through the large medal ring that was attached to the hand strap on the leash. When she was done, the latch end of the leash dangled freely over Yevette's left side onto the bed. Ms. White then produced another pair of handcuffs from another pocket and walked over to Carlo where upon she secured both of this wrists with it. Then she said to him, "Hop up on there on the bed behind Fe-Fe, Stud."

Carlo got up onto the bed and moved behind Yevette as instructed. He made sure to leave six inches between his body and Yevette's which obviously did not please Ms. White for she said to him, "Oh no you don't! Crawl up between those legs and don't let it fall under her."

"You don't expect me to put it in her do ya? I ain't gonna do dat, ya might as well shoot me now?" Carlo said to the curvy criminal. 

Nonchalantly, the woman responded to him, "I don't care what the two of you do together, just don't let it fall under her! Now shut up and do as your told or do I have to give you a chew toy too?"

Having no choice, Carlo inched up so close behind Yevette that the full length of his prick lay in the crack of her ass causing her mouth to emit a muffled "UMMPH" from the contact.

Yevette tried to squirm away from Carlo's prick only to hear Ms. White say to her threateningly, "Don't move damn it!"

After rotating the leash that was around Yevette's waist so that the metal ring was directly in the small of Yevette's back, Ms. White took the free end and wrapped it around the handcuffs Carlo was wearing before proceeding to continue wrapping it tightly around his waist. 

Once it was wrapped completely around Carlo, she used one of the locks to secure the small metal ring attaching the chain to the latch to the large metal ring that attached the hand strap to the chain. 

The beautiful bandit picked up another leash, wrapped it around Yevette's right ankle and pulled the latch end through the metal ring attached to the hand strap until there was less than and inch of slack left. She then took the latch and pulled it to the foot board and wrapped the chain around one of the bottom horizontal bar of the foot board. Once it was around the bar, Ms. White pulled the latch back towards Yevette and Carlo until there was no slack left. Then, she attached the latch to one of the links on the piece of chain coming from Yevette's ankle. She used the remaining chains to similarly secure Yevette's other ankle and both of Carlo's ankles to the foot board. 

When Ms. White was done, with their ankles tethered to the foot board, they could not have moved their legs more than an inch or so forward and with Yevette's hands tethered to the headboard, the could not have moved more than four inches backwards. 

After she inspected her work to make sure that everything was secure, Ms. White retrieved the bottle of KY personal lubricant from the other bed and completely removed the lid and safety tab from the top of the container. Then, she walked back over to stand next to Carlo and as she began pouring the contents of the bottle all over Yevette's ass said, "This will make things more interesting should you try to escape!"

Yevette began to squirm slightly as the cold liquid began to run down the crack of her as. It was also running all around Carlo's cock, and straight down the mouth of her pussy throughly soaking both of their genitals. 

When the bottle was empty, his torso and thighs were as wet and slippery as the back of Yevette's legs and ass had become. 

Finally after discarding the bottle onto the other bed, Ms. White picked up the studded dog collar and secured it loosely around Yevette's neck.

The female villain then turned to Carlo and said whimsically, "I hope your into bestiality because I think Fe-Fe here is in heat."
