 A word about the series, unrequited love had always been one my favorite subjects. I guess that is because it appeals to both the romantic and compassionate parts of my personality. I really hate the idea of two people would suffering needlessly with happiness and fulfillment so close to them.

The plot of each story attempts to place the central characters in a situation that will allow them to discover their true emotions and fulfill their desires. 

The primary mechanism I use to accomplish this is "Accidental Sex", something I am sure is quite rare.

Sometimes the "Accidental Sex" resulted while the characters were engaged in some physical activity together, neither of them started out with the intention of being intimate with the other. 

Other times I have used another set of characters, which I have come to affectionally think of as the "Matchermaker Bandits".

In these stories, it is necessary to have the main characters restrained in some manner by the "Matchmaker Bandits". I use this simply as a plot mechanism to place lovers into a situation where they are allowed to express their true desires and feelings. 

In all the stories of this series, sexual intimacy between the lovers begins as the unintended result of either some physical action by one or both of them sometimes with the aid of a neutral external force acting upon them, such as a bumpy truck in motion.

In none of my stories are the main characters forced to have sex. They decide to have sex!

With that in mind, please enjoy this the second installment in the Accidents Will Happen Series. 

Accidents Will Happen, The Rehearsal

"What are you doing?" I asked Jenny, who was moving her body back and forth against my naked body as I knelt, behind her with my hands holding onto her hips. 

"Rehearsing Tom, Just rehearsing!" she replied.

Earlier that day Jenny, my best friend, and I ,had been on the set of a movie we were to act in for one of those cable premium subscription channels. It was one of those "NA" rated movies that they show only at night. In the old days they would have gotten an "X" rating but now, well they just rate them "NA". The movie was to be our first big break and would result in us each finally getting a decent paycheck. 

We had both received callbacks for a second read two weeks before. The callbacks couldn't have come at a better time as we had both already decided to give up acting and move back to the small Georgia town we had left if we were not cast in the movie.

As we had each auditioned separately for minor supporting roles, we were both surprised when we received callbacks at the same time. The casting director wanted us to come in together and read for the lead for the parts of the main love interests in the story.

After the reread together, we were both hired on the spot and were told to report the next day for fitting. We had finished two weeks of principal photography shooting all the serious dialog scenes and had just finished trying to shoot the first of several rather long and passionate love scenes we were to have together.

"Damn it! We've wasted a whole fucking day tring to shoot this one fucking scene." said the director his face red with fury. When one of the set crew snickered he scowled at her coldly and she tried unsuccessfully to hide behind her clipboard.

"You two are supposed to be lovers but you act like you are scared to touch each other. You two better have your shit together tomorrow or so help me I am going to recast both roles and start with somebody that can act!" "That's a wrap for today!" he said and stormed off the set.

We both stood there stunned for several minutes until we each went to our dressing rooms and got changed. 

After we had dressed we meet up at the stage entrance and started walking back to my car. We sat silently until I said to her, "Feel like getting a bite to eat?"

"Sure, no sence in starving over it." she said solemnly.

We went to our favorite restaurant and each of us ordered light meals. While we were waiting for our meals, she turned to me and said with tears beginning to swell in her eyes, "What are we going to do John?"

"I don't know." I replied.

"What's wrong with us? We've known each other most of our lives. We are good enough actors for them to hire us. Why can't we get this scene right?" she asked in confusion.

"I don't know; its just that I...Well it just that..." I stopped. 

"Are embarrassed by having to touch me while I am almost stark naked" she asked. "I feel the same way." she continued.

"Its just I have never done anything like that before and... well, it's never been like that between us." I explained. "I just don't know what to do." 

We had never even discussed our sex lives before, and I certainly never discussed my inexperience with her. I knew that she had dated before we moved to California to pursue our acting careers and assumed that she was not without experience in such matters.

Thinking for a few minutes she then finally said, "Well, I guess we will just have to do what any other actors would do and rehearse our parts."

We finished our meals and headed back to her apartment to rehearse together. 

On the way to her apartment, we tried to figure out the best method to prepare for the next day's shooting and decided we would film our rehearsals using the video camera she owned. We would stop and review each scene before trying again.

We set up the video camera and set the timer to begin so that it would start recording one minute after it was activated.

I went into the bathroom and undressed completely as required by the script. After waiting about two more minutes, I left the bathroom and then knocked on the door of her bedroom and asked her, "Are you ready?"

"Yes." she said nervously.

When I entered the room, I saw her standing there almost totally nude except for the tiny flesh colored cloth that barely covered her pubic area. 

The cloth was secured in the front just above her crotch by thin small strip of tape so as not too be visible to the camera. A micro-fine string went between her legs and up the crack of her ass where it was held in place by a very tiny piece of tape in the back.

On the set, I had been both too nervous and embarrassed to look at her semi-nude body but now, undistracted and in the privacy of her apartment, I looked for the first time upon her beautiful body with appreciation as she stood there with a copy of the script in one hand.

Seeing me look at her, she smiled shyly and said, "Where do you want to start first?"

"Well" I said, "We don't have a Jacuzzi so we can probably skip scene seven, and I think we can also skip the sauna scene too." "So," I continued, "We can either move everything out to the kitchen and clear off the kitchen table or go to scene fifteen." The setting for scene fifteen was a bedroom suite at the resort that was the primary location setting for most of the movie.

"Why don't we start with scene fifteen and then if we have too we will move to the kitchen?" She asked.

So, even though we were both confident with the dialog portions of the scene, for few minutes we rehearsed what little of it there actually was. Having finished the dialog, it was time to begin the physical part of the scene.

I turned on the video camera and we began. 

The scene call for "Adam", that was my character, to take "Samantha", that was Jenny's character, into his arms and French kiss her passionately on the mouth. Realistic French kissing had become one of the trademark elements of "NA" rated movies. As there was to be a long close-up shoot printed to the final cut during editing, we both knew that we had to get it right.

I was shaking as I took her in my arms and gently placed my lips to hers. Nervously, she opened her mouth and allowed our tongues slowly touch as we began to explore each other's mouths. Leaving them open at times just enough for a close up shot to capture what was happening. After a few minutes, we stopped the camera and reviewed our work together. 

The camera showed three things that I had not noticed at the time. The first was that it had not captured our mouths from the right angle. I pointed this out to Jenny and we agreed that we would both have to be more aware of the camera angle next time. The other things I noticed occurred a few minutes after I started kissing her, Jenny, developed goose bumps and her nipples suddenly became erect. I didn't point this fact out to Jenny!

We turned the camera on again, and returned to our positions this time changing them just slightly to allow the camera a better angle and started again. Just as the feeling of her warm mouth on mine started the blood to flow into my penis we stopped. Luckily, the break would give my penis time to calm down. 

We reviewed the video again and decided it looked right. Feeling a bit more confident, we decided to add the next items called for by the script. Next, I was to move my hands gently down her back and cup her ass while continuing to kiss her. Then I was to kiss her on the neck and allow us both to fall onto the bed with me lying between her legs with my face just above her breast.

Once again, we started the camera, resumed our places and started to play out the scene. we kissed for several minutes, then I let my hands slowly glide down her back to hold gently her ass cheeks. When I did, she moaned gently into my mouth. I continued to kiss her mouth a minute more and then slowly began kissing my way to her neck. When I reached her neck she moaned again. 

We both fell to the bed with me landing between her spread legs as planned my face right above her breast. I couldn't make up my mind if she was acting now or actually enjoying what was happening; but, the effect on me was the same as my prick was awakening much faster and furiously than it had the first time.

The next thing the script called for was another trademark move in "NA" rated movies, nipple play. We decided that we should review what we had done before preceding any further so we stopped and watched the video we had shot. This time, the break did not help deflate at all my awakened prick because the video was so hot that it actually aggravated it more. 

Jenny smiled as she watched the video and I couldn't help notice her knees opening and closing ever so slightly while she was watching it. Pleased, she suggested we continue; and so, we started the camera again and returned to our previous positions on the bed.

As I lay atop her, I looked at her and hesitated.

"Go ahead. Relax; we're both professionals rehearsing a scene." she said with a reassuring smile.

Still somewhat hesitantly, I placed my mouth over her left breast and flicked at it lightly with my tongue causing her to jump slightly. I stopped when and looked at her and said, "I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?"

"No, I'm just acting. That's what would happen if a woman were excited. Everything's fine; you're doing just fine. Keep going." Jenny said as she smiled at me.

With her words of encouragement to spur me on, I once again flicked her right breast with my tongue causing the same response to come from her. Tentatively, I began to lick around the nipple causing her breathing to quicken as I did. 

This was where I was supposed to take her nipple into my mouth and gently start sucking on it. I looked at her again, and when she saw the hesitation on my face she said, "Go ahead; remember we're just rehearsing."

She pushed her breast upward and started moaning when I placed her nipple into my mouth and began gently sucking and rolling my tongue around it.

After a few minutes she said to me, "Now you're supposed to do the same to the other one. Remember to turn you head slightly so the camera can get a good angle on my breast.

I moved my head to her other breast and tilted my head just slightly and I started gently flicking my tongue on her nipple. Once again Jenny began moaning when I wrapped my mouth fully around her nipple and started twirling my tongue around it while sucking it into my mouth. And once again she trusts her breast into my mouth and placed her hand behind my neck pulling me tightly to her as I continued to play the role of "Adam", Samantha's lover. 

She was breathing heavily when she said to me, "According to the script "Adam" climbs further on top of me, I mean Samantha, and begins to fuck her from the missionary position at this point."

Her eyes followed mine as I looked down at my now fully erect penis and she said to me, "Oh, I see. Don't worry about that, its natural. You're not the first actor that has happened to. That's what this cloth is here for." "Just lay your penis here as you climb into position." she said and pointed to the cloth covering her pussy. 

I don't think she realized that the sheer flesh colored cloth was now totally soaked and had become so transparent that I could see almost completely every detail of her wet pussy.

I did as she said and climbed on top of her. When I did, my enflamed penis was laying in the furrow of her now swollen pussy.

"Alright," Jenny said, "try to imagine you are "Adam" and I am "Samantha" and we are making passionate love to each other." 

As I began moving my hips back and forth my penis slid across the cloth covering the furrow of her pussy. She began moving her hips gently in unison with mine. After a couple of minutes, she started to moan and her movements began speeding up. We both began perspiring lightly from our physical activity. 

By then, the friction caused by my prick rubbing on the cloth was starting to hurt but just as I was about to say something it stopped. I didn't know why but was just glad it had happened and the sensation became very pleasurable.

Jenny's breathing had become very rapid when she stopped moving and said to me, "Now we are supposed change and positions and you do me from behind." 

It occured to me that she had not said "Adam does Samantha from behind".

As I sat up she rolled over onto her hands and knees and turned around to face away from me. Still panting, Jenny said to me, "Get behind me and put it in the same place you did before; then, grab my hips with your hands so you can keep your balance when we start moving. Remember the camera won't see that it's not actually in me."

I did as she told me and once again she started moving her hips back and forth as though we were fucking. I was surprised that it was so wet and warm where my penis was rubbing up against the cloth covering her pussy and the pleasure it was causing me was getting stronger and stronger with each movement we made. Something wet slowly began covering my penis and Jenny began moaning louder and louder as her movements became more frantic while she rocked herself back and forth in a fucking motion. Then, suddenly, as I thrust forward she rocked hard backward and to both our surprise my dick sank hilt deep into her burring pussy. 

"Ahhhh," she moaned as we both stopped moving and instantly we realized what had happened. 

The sweat from her body must have loosened the glue enough to allow the cloth to be pulled completely off by the rubbing of my prick against it.

For a moment, neither of us moved, and the room was filled with absolute silence. Then, she turned her head and looked at me with a look of wanton lust and began rocking slowly back and forth on my prick burring me again and again into her hot wet pussy. 

"What are you doing?" I asked her. 

Between moans she wailed out, "Rehearsing Tom, Just rehearsing! Now shut up and fuck me!" and shoved her pussy once again hard onto my dick.

It suddenly occurred to me that she had not been acting at all and had been as turned on as I was. With nothing to hold me back anymore, I trust deeply into her pussy and started a slow pace of in and out strokes. Loving the feeling of entering her fully, I began to pull out all the way each time leaving the head of my penis at the mouth of her pussy and then shoved in fully into her to the hilt. Every time I did this the head of my prick touched her clit and she wailed loudly and clinched the sheets tightly in her hands.

"OHHH, YESSS, THAT'S RIGHT, JUST LIKE THAT! she screamed at me as I thrust once again into her. 

"FASTER BABY, FUCK ME FASTER!" she cried and began rocking her hips faster trying to quicken my pace.

We were both rushing rapidly toward a mind-blowing orgasm and I began to speed up my pace. As I did, her body started quivering and she screamed, "YES! SOOO CLOSE, ITS...ITS..CUMMMING!" And with that, she shoved her ass against me hard trying to get as much of my dick as she could into her spasming pussy. 

The intense feeling of her pussy griping and releasing rapidly my dick sent me over the edge and I grabbed her hips and held her tightly onto me as goob after goob of my seed flowed into her waiting pussy. 

"AHHHHEEEE!" she screamed as the pulsing of my penis empting into her caused jolt after jolt of glorious rapture to pulsed through her loins. Finally we both collapsed exhausted, she to the bed and me on top of her with my prick still buried in her pussy. Panting, she said to me, "Now that's method acting."

Laughing, I asked her, "Well, now what?"

"I guess we will have to rehearse scene seventeen." She said grinning.

"Scene seventeen?", I asked.

"Oh, I think you'll like that. It's the one with oral sex in it!" she said with a wicked grin.

The next day after we had finished filming, the other cast members and crew gave us a standing ovation. Jenny and I overheard the director telling the producer that we had real chemistry together. 

"More like Biology", Jenny said and we both laughed. 

A month later the movie aired and was so popular that the network signed us to recreate the same characters in a twelve episode series with lots of sex scenes in every episode.

Now, Jenny and I rehearse every chance we get. The critics say our characters are the most realistic they have seen in a long time.