 Rachel's heart raced as she heard footsteps in the hallway, and then three solid knocks rang against the steel door. Amir was finally here. Animated by the familiar butterflies in her stomach, Rachel rose to open the door for him. 

She was especially nervous this time because it had been 5 weeks since she had last seen her man. Their busy schedules often kept them apart for weeks on end. She was a 22-year-old graduate student writing her Master's thesis from Columbia University's Paris campus and teaching English at a private high school, and he a 28-year-old Algerian entrepreneur putting everything on the line to get his enterprise off the ground. She had chosen to date him out of three possible candidates. It was hard to pin down exactly what had made him the obvious choice. Illogically, the thing that immediately came to mind was the little spot just outside his pupil on the white of his right eye. Rachel could never get enough of Amir, but when she did get to see him, it was always a night of pure bliss. 

Entre! De toute suite! Rachel said through the door, urging Amir to hurry in. She didn't want any of her neighbors to see her through the open door. To spice things up after the long separation, Rachel had decided to pull a stunt that was out of character for such a reserved person: she answered the door in lacy, black, almost-too-small lingerie. Her creamy breasts threatened to spill out of the bra, and the panties hung barely above her carefully shaped landing strip. From behind, the holy pattern left none of her round, toned booty to the imagination. Something about the cut of the fabric, the way her tousled light brown hair hung over her pale golden skin in the moonlight, and the slant of her green eyes gave her a vaguely Russian air. Her ancestry was mostly Nordic or Germanic but the genes inherited from her Japanese grandmother lent an almond shape to her eyes and a walnut-colored pigment to her nearly hairless skin. The overall effect was something Slavic-looking. 

Rachel had not been sure about this plan. She scanned Amir's face for his reaction. He seemed to be on the verge of saying something, but the words had abandoned him. His lively, coffee-colored eyes were glued in rapture to her long frame. He reflexively dropped his overnight bag on the bed and began to manhandle her perky breasts over her bra. She pressed against him and brought her lips to his and ran her hands through his jet-black, carefully gelled hair. His kiss was as good as a shot of double-barrel bourbon. Her hands hungered for the taut caramel-colored skin of his muscular chest so she began to unzip his jacket. This process took an inordinately long time since she was already drunk on him. By the time she had pulled off the heavy garment and set it on the bed, he had unhooked her bra, cast it aside, and started sucking on her right nipple, then her left. He eagerly groped her behind. She pulled off his shirt, leaving the thin gold chain he always wore, and ran her hands over his broad chest and sculpted abdominals. He began kissing her neck which drove her lust to a frenzy. She unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. She cradled his rock-hard package in her hand, caressed his gladiatorlike thighs, and then tried to pull his pants the rest of the way down before she realized his shoes were still on. 

Amir reluctantly pulled himself away from Rachel's breasts and bent down to take off his shoes and pants, which brought his face to the level of her thighs. He could not stand to take his mouth away from the body he had sorely missed even for the twenty seconds it took to get naked, so he kissed her runner's legs and the hollow of her hip as he removed his pants, shoes, and briefs. He stood back up and kissed Rachel on the mouth again. Her tongue danced against his as he tweaked her hard nipples. He brought his other hand between her legs and rubbed her pussy over the scanty fabric covering it. She brought her leg up to the bed to give him better access and started grinding against his throbbing manhood. He slipped his hand inside her panties and massaged her clitoris, simultaneously mouthing her breasts. Thus Amir gave Rachel her first orgasm of the night. 

He took off her panties and continued to rub her pussy, slipping his middle finger inside her. Rachel moaned; she could take no more. She repositioned herself so he stood directly behind her. He lovingly fondled her ass and then her hips. She bent over for him. He struggled to insert his large cock into her tight pussy. Finally, he found the right angle, and he was inside her. He rawdogged her for five good thrusts, enjoying the feeling of the dripping wet walls of her vagina as she relished the feeling of his skin, then pulled out to put on a condom. These thirty seconds without his touch were agony. 

Once he had the condom on Rachel bent over for Amir and widened her stance to let him slip back inside her. He made vigorous love to her. She doubled over to receive as much of him as she could and his powerful rod found her G spot. Waves of pleasure reverberated within her like heat lightning rolling over a prairie. She breathed harder than she had in mile 12 of the half marathon she'd run last month and screamed his name as she came for the second time. 

Possessed by passion, he grabbed her hips and lifted her off the floor in order to delve deeper into her. He picked her up off the ground like this for three pumps. Rachel was sometimes insecure about her height, her broad shoulders, and her muscular build, so being picked up like this in the heat of passion felt like the deepest re-affirmation of her femininity. "Oh baby, oh baby, yeah, fuck me hard!" she cried out, giving free reign to the Texas drawl she normally tried to suppress. Amir got off when Rachel spoke English during sex. She suspected this was because he watched American porn, but even as a patriot and a feminist she didn't mind his fetishization of her native language. There was something arousing about being his dirty American girl. Besides, expressing herself in her mother tongue while in her most vulnerable state felt deeply intimate. For this same reason she loved it when he spoke Kabyle, his lingua franca, in his sleep. 

She continued to verbally encourage Amir as they climbed onto the bed and he repositioned her into a classic doggy style. She bowed at the waist in a cobralike movement and spread her cheeks to allow him back into her gaping pussy. She was starting to dry up after her back to back orgasms so he played with her clitoris to get the juices flowing again. Then he lowered himself over her and encompassed her as he drove his cock deep inside her. He indulged her with two fingers on her mound. 

Thanks to five weeks without sex, Amir's semen wasn't flowing as freely as normal. Usually he'd be long gone by now. Rachel offered to suck his dick (one of the few English phrases he automatically understood) but instead he put her in position for a piledriver. He gently placed her ankles on his oxlike shoulders and entered her, making her shudder with pleasure. This position gave him the most contact with her G spot. "Yeah baby, fuck me good and deep!" His breathing grew ragged. She soon climaxed again. 

Next he rotated her ninety degrees so that he was kneeling on the bed and she was lying on her right side. This was his favorite position. Muscle memory guided her legs into a pretzel shape and he penetrated her one last time. "Give it to me rough," she begged. He dug his fingernails into her shapely thigh and thrust his penis into her as far as it would go. After less than a minute he began to grunt animalistically as he always did when approaching orgasm. Rachel's screams crescendoed: "Fuck me harder baby! Oh, Amir! Yeah! Deeper! Faster! Oh, you're making me so fucking wet! Yeah! Give it to me! Just like that!" As she got louder, he did, too. 

Rachel normally agreed with the social construct that men shouldn't make noise during sex. Most of them were awkward about it. But for Amir, it felt as natural as breathing. His lovemaking growls were thoroughly carnal. She got off on hearing his pleasure vocalized like this. 

He blew his load but lingered inside her. She traced patterns on his ribcage with her fingers. She kissed him sensually: the most authentic form of feedback. He brushed his hand over her thigh. This was Rachel's favorite part. The ardor of sex had dissipated, and yet they remained in each other's arms in the intimate space of mutual nudity. As lucidity returned to her, she cherished the feeling of his slightly damp skin against hers. In a rehearsed gesture, he pulled out of her and went to throw out the condom. She stood up and kissed him contently. He gently took her upper lip between his teeth. "That was amazing," Rachel said emphatically. Ah, oui, he replied, trying in vain to conceal his self-satisfied grin. Amir was no actor. 

She ogled his weightlifter's back while he stepped into her shower. He stole a last look at her nude form reclining on the bed. Sometimes she fell asleep during this part. He loved the sight of his naked lover submitting to post-coital slumber. This time, though, Rachel stayed awake. After Amir finished she took her turn, hosing the ample fluids out of her vagina. She toweled off, put on a skimpy tank top and gym shorts, and then crawled into bed next to him. He normally had a smoke out on her balcony after sex, but this time he refrained. Comment va l'entreprise? she asked, stroking his massive pectorals. He vented about his stress and fatigue. She told him about her upcoming research trip to Morocco and the events of the past few weeks. Her French was halting, peppered with Anglicism's and obscured by her heavy American accent, but he was used to it and could understand her perfectly fine. 

They conversed for a while. He told her that he'd been up since 5 AM and had been running errands until 11 PM. She thanked him for coming to see her anyway. Merci pour venir me voir. J'étais très horny. Tu connais ce mot? She wondered if he'd encountered that word before. Ouais, et moi aussi, ça fait longtemps, he replied. She kissed him. He stuck his tongue into her mouth, ran it along her top row of teeth, and pulled lightly at her upper lip. It was soft as a rose petal and he loved the feel of it between his teeth. She stroked his pelvis. His oblique muscles were taught as perfectly tuned guitar strings. Whenever Rachel dreamt about Amir, his hips stood out in the most vivid relief. 

He reached into her tank top and circled her nipple with his finger. She hoped he knew that in doing this, he was signing up for another round of sex. As she kissed him passionately, he slid his hand down to her shorts and stroked between her legs. He knew, alright. She felt feverishly hot and threw off the covers. He eagerly pulled off her tank top. She pressed her bare breasts against him. He devoured her neck. She reached for his hardening penis. He began to stroke her clitoris in earnest. She helped him pull off her shorts. 

Amir took in the sight of Rachel's naked body and removed his pajama bottoms. He stuck a finger into her and alternately sucked her left and right nipples. Finally he chose the right one. His mouth practically engulfed her entire breast. Suddenly the desire to feel his lips on her pussy overwhelmed her. Reste là, je veux essayer quelque chose, she said. She climbed on top of him and sat on his face. His fine Kabyle nose pushed into her clitoris. She lowered her head over his manhood and took him into her mouth. As he lapped up her juices and sent shockwaves of bliss through her nether regions, she wrapped her lips around his shaft and pressed down until she gagged. She adjusted her hips so his tongue was right on her clitoris. The orgasm washed over her and she made little whimpering sounds around his cock. She tried to move but he held her in place. Finally she lifted her head, got off of him, and said, Trouves le préservatif! so that he'd know she needed him inside her, stat. He jumped energetically to the task. 

Rachel moved into the prone position and crawled closer to the wall so Amir would have plenty of room to mount her. He placed his hands on her satiny shoulders and slid into her. She lifted her hips to let him go in deeper. "Fuck me hard," she pleaded. He took her vigorously from behind then flipped her over and pulled her ankles onto his shoulders. He thrust his cock into her until she came yet again, screaming in ecstasy. He shifted her legs to turn her ninety degrees and get a new angle on her G spot. "Oh, fuck yeah, baby," were her last words before the pleasure robbed her of speech. She had wanted to ride him tonight, but it felt too good when he dominated her like this. She wanted him to finish in this position. 

After a few minutes of pure pleasure he gasped and began to growl. The sound of his primal carnal bliss took her over the edge a last time as his face contorted in orgasm and his entire frame shuddered. After he finished he lowered himself over her, his rod still buried deep in her, and kissed her shoulder. The heightened senses of post-coital clarity returned to Rachel. She became aware of every cell of his being. Amir's nude flesh overlaid on her own skin was a world in and of itself. They stayed like this for either an eternity or a nanosecond before he withdrew from her. As he did she felt a flood of vaginal juices start to leak out of her. Rachel would have to take the first shower this time.