 Inspired by Sue Grafton’s alphabetical series.



He was absolutely gorgeous.

No two words about it. GOR-GEOUS! I hoped it wasn’t the flashing lights or the hypnotic strobe that brought me to that decision. He had a headful of dark, curly hair that draped over his shoulders and the darkest eyes that I’ve ever seen. I think I joked with my friends that he must have been a gypsy or something because he was so dark and hairy. My best friend, Lori, laughed hysterically.

“Oh, jeez, Pam! Next, you’ll be saying that he’s a vampire or something!”

I grinned. I couldn’t help it. He was a notch waiting to be carved into my bedpost. And yes, I know about AIDS but the excitement of a bareback ride … I knew he’d be the perfect candidate. I tried to catch his eye across the dance floor but there was no way that he could tell what I was doing. I watched as a couple of girls moved by his group and he eyed them greedily, but they kept moving.

“I’m going over.”

“Pam!”

I took a huge sip of my Melon Ball and worked my way around the crowded bar to where he stood.

“Hi!”

He turned to me, smiling as he looked me up and down. I knew I had him hooked quick. My 38Ds always did that. When he could raise his eyes from the deep valley between my twins, I gave him a sexy grin. “Hello, yourself!”

I moved as close as I could and whispered in his ear, “Wanna fuck?”

His eyes looked as if they would pop right out of his head. He looked me up and down. “Kinda forward, aren’t you?”

“No, I just know what I want.”

“And you want me?”

“Uhm, hmm.” I nodded, wondering if his thighs were as hairy as his forearms. Mmmmm … 

“Your place or mine?”

“Mine.”

He grabbed my hand and shouted something to his friends. They all whooped in unison so he probably told them that he was going to get a piece of pie. And get a piece he was!

We called a cab outside and it was all I could do to keep my hands off of his lovely body. At least until we got inside the car. I gave the driver my address and turned to him, straddling his lap and finally kissing those pouting pink lips. He groaned and thrust his tongue into my mouth as eagerly as I had in his and suddenly, we were sucking face like mad people. He reached down and pulled my shirt open, sliding his hands inside and hefting my boobs.

“Nice.” He murmured against my mouth. His fingers pushed the lacy material of my bra aside and found my nipples, giving a squeeze. I sucked the air through my teeth, pulling back to look into his eyes. “You like that, eh?” 

“Yeah. Pinch them again.” He did so and pleasure shot through my wet cunt. I ground against him, growling. He leaned forward and put one nipple in his mouth, sucking it hard. I shouted, my cunt clenching in orgasm. “Oh, yeah. You’re gonna be a great fuck.”

“You think so?”

“No, I know so.” I bit his bottom lip and I felt his prick leap under me. He pinched my nipple again and reluctantly closed my shirt again as the cabbie announced that we had reached our destination. He paid for the ride and we headed up the stairs.

As luck would have it, my roommate, Stacy, wasn’t home and I was glad because I started undressing in the living room. Shirt first, then bra. He grabbed me and sucked my nipple into his mouth, biting hard. I thought I was going to pass out from the sheer pleasure of it. His hands fumbled at the front of my shorts and I stepped out of them as quickly as I could, while I unbuckled his pants.

“Got a rubber?”

“Nope and don’t need one. Just fuck me!”

He pushed me down on the stairs and in one hard plunge, was deep into my sopping, aching cunt. We both moaned at the exquisite feel of skin on skin and my pussy tightened around him, trying to feel every ridge and vein on his thick meat. He rammed into me again, harder this time, banging my butt against the stair step. It was painful, sort of, but having him pounding my hungry pussy more than made up for the discomfort. He was so good that I had my first orgasm on his fourth stroke. He stopped, then moved in slow motion, prolonging the spasms and growling as the cream covered his cock.

I was surprised when he pulled completely out and threw me over his shoulders, heading up the stairs. “Which one’s yours?”

“This one.”

He threw me on the bed and kicked his pants off. I had a chance to see him close-up and thanked my lucky stars. He was indeed hairy, the long, shiny black fur covering his legs and chest. The tuft around his cock looked trimmed as well as the fuzz covering his balls. They suddenly looked very yummy. I pushed him on his back and sank his cock into my throat.

“Oh, baby!” His entire body stiffened like a board, then relaxed as I started to bob on his prick. I liked the combined taste of my cream and his salty pre-cum. I was caught between wanting him to pump his load down my throat or directly into my cunt. I made a decision. I wrapped my fingers around the base of his stalk and stroked its entire length. He groaned, flinching as my palm covered his sensitive glans. I slid my hand all the way back down to the bottom and took him into my mouth again.

His hands grasped my sheets more and more tightly the closer he got to his climax. He gave no warning, other than his hand on my head when he exploded into my mouth. His cum was thick and salty and I swallowed every bit. He pulled me up and shoved his tongue into my mouth, scouring the soft insides for traces of his own cum.

“That was fucking great.”

“Glad you liked it, but we’re just getting started.”

“Oh, yeah?”

“Hope you don’t have any plans for tomorrow.”

“I only have one plan right now.”

He made me lie back and started kissing his way down to my dripping pussy, making small stops at my belly button and nibbling my ribs. His finger reached my honeypot before his mouth did and I moaned, pushing down so that I was riding it. He smiled and added another finger, then bent to bite my nipple. I clamped onto his fingers as an orgasm raced through me but he didn’t stop. 

He kept those fingers pumping into my snatch, bringing me back to the edge and flinging me off into sweet abandon. I don’t even remember how many times I came. Each was sweeter than the last, spreading through my body like a fiery wave and pooling between my legs. I saw my reflection in his dark eyes and a sexy smirk on his handsome face. He knew what he was doing to me and was enjoying every minute of it. I had to finally beg him to stop, desperately trying to catch my breath.

“I never thought you’d beg me to stop.” My body was humming under his touch. Just a squeeze of my breast sent me hurtling over the edge again.

“I can’t stand any more.”

“No?” He stripped his shirt off and leaned back against the headboard, stroking his re-awakened tool. My mouth watered. “Then you don’t want this?”

“I didn’t say that.”

“But you said that you couldn’t stand any more.”

I crawled over to him, pulling him into my mouth again. “Forget I said that.” I licked his pole a few more times, making sure that he was nice and lubed. “Come over here. I have a surprise.” We moved over to the edge of my bed and faced the mirror on my sitting table. I made him sit at the edge and moved in front of him, my back to his front. “Let’s play Show-And-Tell.”

“Sounds good to me.”

I put my heels up on the table and bent my knees, opening my drenched pussy to his view. His hard prick rubbed against the inside of my right thigh, his hand massaging my flesh and teasing his own. I reached back and slid my finger into his mouth. His tongue swirled around it, sending shivers down my spine. I pulled it out and plunged into the depths of my hot twat. He moaned at the sight, reaching for his own enflamed flesh and stroking the sensitive skin of my inner thigh along with his dick.

I pressed back against him, feeling his body respond. His left hand came underneath my arm and grabbed my breast, squeezing my nipple between two fingers. I shuddered and pressed on my clit, wanting to trip over the edge again but he stopped me. He picked me up and sat me down on his pole. “Fuck!” I shouted. I felt full and stretched and the sensation brought me over the edge again. 

His hands grabbed me at my hips and I watched in helpless lust as he lifted me up and down his pole, his muscles bulging. “Look.” He said and I saw his thick prick disappearing into my pink hole, emerging with a glistening sheen. It was so fucking erotic! “See me fucking you, baby?”

“Yes.” I breathed, impaled on his rod. I wanted this feeling to last forever but I knew that I couldn’t. We were too far gone for that. His eyes were closed and I could see the tension building in his face. I felt his dick growing in me and I threw my head back, riding his sweet pole and gritting my teeth as the fire burned inside. “Oh, yeah, baby. Fuck me good.”

“You got it.”

No more words were said. The only sounds were the noises of our flesh slapping together and his groans and my whimpers. I was so turned on not only by his cock buried in my weeping pussy but also by the hard body plastered to my body. I hoped that he was as turned on as I was. I passed the point of no return when he pushed his finger in along with his cock and rested his heavy thumb on my clit.

The breath left my lungs as I climaxed. It almost felt as if a big bass drum was throbbing inside my cunt, coupled with heart-stopping pleasure. He grunted behind me, slamming me harder and harder until he blasted inside me, tripping me again. We fell sideways, breathing heavily and his arms wrapped around me as he tried to keep himself inside me. Our mouths met again, his lips gentle and his tongue soft.

“I’m Vadim, by the way.”

“Glad to meet you. I’m Pam. Wanna spend the night?”

He never answered but his body did.