 Hunter was coming over for the third time this week. 

I'd tried to tell myself that I was going to limit our physical contact. We could still hang out as friends, sure, but I was only going to fuck him when I really, really needed his cock. 

On Monday, I needed his cock in the parking lot of the grocery store. 

On Tuesday, I needed his cock after I finished cooking dinner. 

On Wednesday, I needed his cock because it was a little too cold outside... 

Ugh. 

Why did it feel like I always needed his cock? 

I'd just gotten off Skype with Greg. He was in some airport, walking around with a cinnamon pretzel in his hand. I was trying to focus on what he was saying, but there was a desperate need getting worse in the center of my thighs. In between my boyfriend's words, he would take huge bites out of his pretzel, licking his lips each time afterwards... 

It made me wet. 

It made me miss his mouth. 

I tried to take care of the need myself, shamelessly playing with my own pussy mere seconds after our Skype call came to an end. 

It wasn't fucking working. 

Fuck. 

I needed Hunter's cock. 

I'd called Hunter maybe an hour ago, and he was currently buried deep inside of me as I was bent over the bathroom sink. I had my hands resting against the counter, as he relentlessly fucked me, his hips thrusting fast and hard. I was so close to coming for him again, and by now, it was like he could tell when I was about to go over the edge. He pulled back a little, going tortuously slow, as he ran a finger gently across my clit. 

"Don't come yet, baby." Hunter bent down towards me, softly kissing my neck. "We're not done yet." 

"Please..." My begging came out as a moan. There was such a pressure building in my pussy, I felt like I was going to explode. "Please let me come, Hunter. Please." 

"So fucking cute when you beg like that." He kissed my neck one last time, before starting to thrust into me again, keeping his same, relentless pace. "Is that how you beg your boyfriend, too? You beg Greg to let you come?" 

I nod my answer as a yes, completely unable to form any complete sentences. Not when Hunter was fucking me like this. Not when I was about to come all over his cock. 

"Has he ever fucked you like this, Ashley? Right here? Just like this?" Hunter groaned as he got closer to the edge himself, his cock throbbing inside of me. 

I silently shook my head as a no, as I now had to bite my lip, not wanting to make the same mistake I'd made with Hunter the first time he fucked me. For some reason, when my body was feeling amazing, when every nerve ending felt like it was on fire in the best way, I wanted to say Greg's name. 

Maybe that was just being in love. 

"You can say his name, baby. I know you want to say his name." Hunter grunted, as he pushed a little harder into me. "Tell me who owns your pussy." 

"Greg...Fuck...Greg...Greg!" 

"And who owns your pussy right now?" 

"You own my pussy, Hunter. Fuck, fuck! You own my pussy!" I was screaming out my words, before the involuntary waves took over my body, making me come for Hunter, yet again. I could feel him coming inside of me, too, as he grabbed onto my waist and pulled me closer towards him, making sure my pussy was filled with every last drop of him. 

As we caught our breath, Hunter casually slid out of me, reaching for his phone somewhere on the counter. "Hey! It's almost 10. Did you still want to watch that weird as fuck Sci Fi movie?" 

"Uh, duh?! If we'd missed that movie because you wanted to keep fucking me, I would've banished you from my life, ASAP!" I move away from the counter, heading out of the bathroom door. I feel Hunter gently grab onto my arm, stopping me from leaving. 

"If I wanted to keep fucking you, you would let me keep fucking you." He smiled over at me, before pulling me in for a kiss. But our kisses were never like the ones I shared with Greg. Kissing Greg always made my heart melt... 

Kissing Hunter just made me wet. 

He playfully slapped me on the ass, before finally letting me go. I jokingly flipped him off, as I headed towards the living room. I was only dressed in an oversized, white bath towel, wrapped around my body after getting out of the shower. Of course, thanks to Hunter, I was sweaty and dirty all over again, but I didn't mind. I would just take another shower after the movie was fini- 

Greg was sitting on the living room couch. 

My heart nearly beat its way out of my chest. 

"Greg?" 

He wasn't responding to me, but his eyes turned to look my way. He was staring at the towel wrapped around me, but it felt like he was trying to see through the fabric... 

I looked down at the crotch of his pants... 

His cock was so hard. 

Had he come back home to surprise me? To fuck me before he had to leave again? My clit throbbed at the thought of Greg pushing his way inside of me, claiming me, making me his all over again... 

Wait. 

FUCK. 

Hunter was still here! 

Shit. 

Shit! 

Did Greg hear us?! SHIT! Is that why he wasn't saying anything? Was he mad at me? 

But he said it would be okay... 

Greg still wasn't talking to me, not even as I took a seat beside him. I figured that he may have been pissed off about having to hear Hunter fucking me, especially if he came home just to fuck me for himself. I didn't say a word to Greg, either, as I kissed him gently on the cheek and began to unzip his jeans. I wordlessly pulled down his boxers and pulled out his cock, casually taking his length into my mouth. 

Greg groaned, as he leaned his head back against the couch cushion. 

As I felt him stiffening and throbbing in my mouth, I smiled to myself. I could still have this effect on him, even when he was pissed off at me. A few seconds later, Greg's hand was pulling at my towel, letting it fall to the living room floor. I kept my mouth focused on him, now adding one of my hands to stroke his length as I focused on his tip, licking his most sensitive spot. 

Before I knew it, Greg had moved away from the couch. He turned me around, so my back was to his front, and easily slipped his very hard cock inside of my very wet pussy. I gasped and then moaned, his length feeling perfect inside of me. Hmm. Everything about Greg was perfect. His smell. His hair. Even as he was mindlessly pumping his cock into me, my emotions were bubbling over towards the surface. 

"I love you, Greg. I love you." I moaned in between my words, trying to measure out my breaths. 

"I love you, too, Ashley..." Finally, he said something to me between his groans. "Sorry about the silent treatment, babe. I just didn't know how to process that. Hearing you coming for another man...made me feel..." 

"Bad?" My voice was worried. If Greg wanted to go back on all of this, it felt like it was way too late. I couldn't un-fuck Hunter. 

"No. It made me want to go next." I could hear a light laugh in his tone, as his pace sped up. "But next time, if I'm here, I get to have you first, okay? I always get to have you first, Ashley. You're mine." 

I nodded my understanding, having been rendered speechless for the second time tonight. 

As Greg kept moving inside of me, I noticed Hunter out of the corner of my eye... 

He was looking over at us, watching us, intently. 

Knowing that Hunter was watching sent warm chills throughout my body. 

I glanced over at him again and saw that he wasn't just watching us. He was playing with his cock, too, roughly running his hand up and down his shaft, almost in time to Greg pushing inside of me... 

With one final thrust, Greg came inside of me, and I came against his cock, my eyes fully trained on Hunter. 

Hunter came with us, too, his cock erupting and sending strings of his own cum to splatter against his chest. 

Fuck. 

I wanted to lick it off of his skin. 

Greg wrapped his arm around my waist, as he gently pulled out of me. "Oh, babe. You're so full of our cum, it's dripping down your thigh." Greg softly kissed me on my shoulder. "We need to get you all cleaned up, Ashley." 

At the words "cleaned up", Hunter was already heading back towards the bathroom. I stayed in Greg's arms, lost in a nearly dizzying haze of pleasure. I didn't really understand what was going on. Why did adding Hunter to our lovemaking make everything feel so much more...intense? All I ever needed was Greg's mouth and Greg's cock. 

So, why was I so okay with being shared? 

...No. 

I wasn't just okay with it. 

I was thoroughly enjoying it. 

Greg led me to the bathroom, still holding an arm around my waist. He gently handed me off to face Hunter, who was already waiting in the shower. The water was warm, as Hunter softly ran a soapy towel all over my arms, my stomach, my aching nipples... 

He moved the towel away from me, instead pressing his mouth to my chest, taking one of my nipples between his lips. I quietly moaned, as he moved to use his free hand on my other nipple, casually playing with my chest as the water ran over our skin. Greg soon came into the shower, too, standing behind me. 

I could feel Greg's hand parting my thighs, as he ran his hand over my sensitive clit. Instinctively, my hands flew down towards my middle, wanting to move Greg's fingers away from the overstimulated bud. Instead of moving his hand away, Greg playfully nuzzled his face into my neck, letting out a soft laugh. 

"That's not up to you right now, sweetie." He ran his hands over my center again, causing me to shiver. "My body, my choice." He whispered those words into my ear, making me laugh in return. 

My laughter ended when I felt Greg slide two fingers inside of my pussy, instantly filling me up. 

His thumb continued to work my clit, as Hunter kept his attention focused on my chest... 

I leaned back into Greg, and he wrapped an arm around me for support. 

Fuck. 

If I was going to come, even one more time, I was going to pass the fuck out. 

"Please. I can't, baby. I can't." My words were directed at Greg, pleading and begging with him. "Please." 

I think he heard the sincerity in my voice, because he quickly moved his hands away from me. Hunter took his hand and mouth off of me as well, as Greg softly turned me around to face him. "Are you okay, Ashley?" 

I nodded up at him, before placing a small kiss on his cheek. "Just...tired." 

"Then let's go to bed, sweetie." He gave me a genuine smile, before carefully leading me out of the shower. 

Soon, we were wrapped up in our familiar blankets. Hunter was nowhere to be found, and I'd assumed he went home as soon as the party was over, so to speak. 

I didn't really care, though. I was more than happy to be comfortably naked, lying on Greg's chest, letting the calming silence in the room slowly put me to sleep. 

"I missed you. So much." My words come out groggy, as I halfway whisper them against Greg's skin. 

"I missed you, too, Ashley." He gently ran his hand idly through my hair. "Don't worry, though. Tomorrow I'm going to give you something to remember me by." 

"Are you going to give me an amateur tattoo or something?" 

He laughed, as he closed his eyes. "You're so fucked, baby." 

A chill went down my spine, remembering those words coming out of Hunter's own mouth just a few nights ago... 

And...fuck. 

I was wet all over again. 

I firmly rubbed my hand against Greg's cock, underneath the covers. 

"Seriously, babe?" Amusement lined his voice, as his mouth soon met mine, our bodies eager to satisfy each other's every last need throughout the rest of the night.