 I lie here in my bed in a soft silky chemise hidden under the comfort of my down blanket. The way they feel caressing my skin relaxes me and makes me feel warm. As I lie here thinking of you I can feel the warmth and the wetness pooling between my thighs. Wishing you were laying beside me caressing my skin just as they are now, my hand trails down my body reaching the ache and the excitement growing with each thought of you.

My mind begins to wander as I lie here touching my silky smoothe skin. I imagine you walking through my door. Cold and beaten by a long day at work and the worries and hassles of real life. I am instantly excited to see you as I have been waiting for you for what seems like an eternity.

I have lit candles all around my bedroom and chilled a bottle of the sweetest wine wanting to entice all of your senses tonight. The music is smoothe and sexy. Just the perfect addition to this moment. When I rise to greet you, the satin of night gown clings to my body hugging all my sexy curves.

Tonight, I want you to pleasure me but more importantly I want to spend all night pleasuring you. Fulfilling all of your desires and stimulating all of your senses until they, and you, are brought to new and pleasurable heights of passion and sensuality. Tonight, I don't want to feel you orgasm once or twice. Tonight I want you to feel as though you are one long and never ending trip into unchartered realms of pleasure and ecstasy.



You come closer towards me. I welcome you with a passionate kiss carefully savouring the way your lips taste intertwined with mine. Enjoying the tingling sensations already stirred by the feel of your tongue mingling with mine. My hands run along your shoulders, which are strong and built, carefully kneading my fingertips into them slowly they begin to chisel away every remnant of tension you have brought with you.

God baby, you are so tall and sexy and you excite me so much. You make me melt with every touch. You make me weak every time your lips caress mine.

My hands steadily move across your body. Purposefully, grasping and kneading at each muscle group they touch as I continue to explore your firm body.

I can feel you responding to my touch with mutual desire. Your hands move steadily from my waiste to my breasts. You grasp each soft mound firmly before leaning into suck and nibble on my nipples. The feel of your lips on my body makes me moan and shudder with satisfaction and longing.

I want you so badly baby I almost can't wait for you to be undressed, to be deep inside me. Yet it is necessary. The buildup to that moment is exquisitely sensual and creates a tension and desire that will lead us to an excruciating crescendo of pleasure and delight.

Anxiously, I begin to undress you. Unbuttoning your shirt, I kiss your chest as I expose your flesh slowly and deliberately. You feel so warm and alive. I love the way your chocolate flesh tastes on my palate as the tip of my tongue trails down your body. The way you hold my head in your hands, so gently yet decisively, guiding me lower until I am exactly where you want me. Reaching up, I unbutton your pants needing to expose your erection.

I feel the heat emanating from below your khakis. Heady and full of desire it beckons me forward till your bare flesh is exposed, hard and dripping with excitement.

Slowly yet purposefully, I run my tongue down it's length. It makes you wetter and hotter and more desperate to feel my mouth wrapped tightly around you. I can tell how satisfied you are as I take you down my throat as much as I can until I am gagging on you. Rubbing your shaft as my mouth bobs up and down I slowly drive feelings of passion and desire through out your savoury body.

Suddenly I stop. I look up at you and rise to meet your lips. I want you to taste yourself on my lips.

I grab your shoulders and push you onto my bed. Slowly I crawl up in between your thighs grasping your hard cock in my hands and steadily moving my tongue across its length. I savour the way you taste my lover. I love listening to the sounds of your pleasure. The way you moan and demand I continue my oral assault on your cock with one hand gripped around your flesh and the other exploring the rugged masculinity of your body.

My pussy is alive and dripping with desire as I take you down my throat. I am going wild for you at this moment and it is increasingly hard for me to be patient. The sound of your moans and feel of your body and knowing how turned on you are has caused me excruciating anticipation. I look up at you and smile before leaning down to trail wette kisses up your perfect body. My pussy, soaked with desire for you, slides against your erection for a brief teasing moment. Our lips meet again as I slide down your length sending riptides of delight across my body from the sensation of you filling me completely.

Impatiently, I begin to move my hips hard up and down your shaft. Moaning out as our body collide. Your hands now firmly grasping my breasts as I rock my hips into yours. Sweat glistens off my skin as we crash together repeatedly, desperately. I am so torn by this pleasure. I want this moment to never end but I never want to stop thrusting into you hard and furiously.

I can tell by the sounds of your moaning that you are close. Thoughts of you cumming inside me send me flying into a whirlwind of passion. I can no longer stop even if I wanted to do. Harder and fasted my hips crash into yours. Your cock pounds harder and deeper than before and with a deep whisper you ask me, "you ready for me to fill you baby?".

I gasp with exhaustion "yes! please!" I beg. You no longer have any reason to hold out. Grabbing onto your chest I continue to make love to you, hard. I feel you tense and moan. A surge of wetness and warmth begin to fill me from the inside out. I feel you filling me deep with your warm seed and it brings me to a slow stop. My pussy spasms around your cock milking you of every last drop. Our eyes meet exchanging a brief smile before our mouth are dancing in unison. Giving and taking in perfect synchronicity. Every ounce of passion and desire I have for you can be felt on my lips as I kiss you right now.

Moving to your side after an exhaustive rendezvous I snuggle up close, kissing your nipple once more before I am overwhelmed by sleepiness. Bodies intertwined we take a small nap knowing that we have the rest of tonight to enjoy one another both as friends and as lovers. With a smile on my face, I doze off in your arms until later.