 The boredom of being out of town led me to Baby Dolls, an all nude strip club near the highway. I had been inside drinking for a while and was enjoying the girls dancing and showing off. I was entranced by this tall, athletic redhead Jamie and her ice blue eyes. She had a friend there named Lynnette who was a short, but cute, blonde with golden brown eyes. They would fool around most of the night, teasing each other. 

Jamie was hosting a number of men after her dance set, one that showcased Jamie's flexibility. Finally she was free and I requested a couch dance. For those who are not regulars at gentlemen's clubs, a couch dance is a lap dance in private on a couch for about 2 songs. 

Jamie started by teasing me with those sinfully, sexy eyes. She removed the loose shirt she had on and caressed her breasts. The whole time she had not taken her eyes off me and I was tending to get lost in them. She removed her "daisy dukes" and was gyrating in front of me and caressing herself all over. She straddled my lap and started grinding her hips on my lap. Of course I was growing a raging erection. She leaned forward and pushed upward so that her pert breasts were on either side of my face. 

Her skin was cool as she brushed her breasts against my face, but it was soft as silk. Her nipple grazed my lips, but I resisted the temptation to suck it in. Her nipples were pointing out and were as hard as stone. When I looked up at her face, she had a wicked grin on it and pinched her nipples hard. She moaned and licked her lips slowly and sensually, as if she had just eaten apple pie.

She slinked her way back down onto my lap and my engorged cock pressed against her naked pussy. She moaned loudly as she grinded herself against my shorts. She rocked her hips faster, using her legs to hook onto mine and pull herself hard against me. By the time the second song was finishing she had begun shivering from an orgasm and left a damp spot on my shorts.

She leaned towards my ear and whispered, "Find me later." "I want that cock inside me." She kissed me on the cheek and went back to dancing.

A few songs later her friend Lynnette came over and sat next to me. She started some small talk about what was I doing in town and such. After about 10 minutes, she asked if I would like her to dance for me. She was petite but very attractive and had this innocent, flirty air about her. I nodded and we went back to the same place Jamie had taken me. Lynnette sat me on the couch and started to dance. Her hips were swaying with the rhythm of the R&B song playing in the background. 

She had removed her stage dress and was dancing in a g-string. Showing me her supple breasts and her firm ass, my erection grew again. She leaned forward and put her hands on my shoulders and brushed her hair against my face. Her skin was warmer and more flushed than Jamie's. She leaned forward a little and moved towards my chest. She bit each of my nipples in turn. Surprisingly, I was turned on by this even though I am not an aficionado of S&M. She ran her hands down my chest and then down my inner thighs. She grabbed my knees and moved my legs apart. Before I knew what she was up to she rubbed her face against my cock. My cock was now straining to break free of its cloth confines and impale her eye. She then nibbled her way down my cock, looking up and smiling when she was done. She slithered her way up onto my lap and began to grind her swollen pussy against me. She rocked her hips in a rough motion and her face contorted in pleasure. I could only take this for a few minutes and then my cock erupted soaking my boxers and my shorts.

"Mmmm, I sure wish I could have swallowed that for you," she said.

I could only smile for a response because my head was so clouded by the orgasm I just had. She kissed my cheek and led me back out to a seat by the stage. She sat me there because a few minutes later Jamie and Lynnette were going to do a shower dance together. 

The shower dance was hotter than I think it was supposed to be on any given night. I am sure the girls were just having a good time but you could tell they just wanted to make one another cum. After a few minutes of lather and suds they rinsed off to the ovation of the crowd.

The last few hours that the club was open seemed to rush by. I had a few more couch dances with some different girls, all of which were sweet but not as good as with either Jamie or Lynnette. The club closed about two in the morning and I made my way out to the car I was renting. 

From behind me a voice shouted, "Hey, hey you!" I turned and it was both Jamie and Lynnette walking, or should I say slinking, up behind me.