 I arrived at Yokota AB in the middle of the winter, having spent the last year and a half in Thailand. It was cold. I was used to the high temp, high humidity of Siam. I was sure I wouldn't like it.

The first few days flew by as I checked into the squadron and went to my assigned shop. I was ensconced in a barracks on the base. That sucked, but being an E-4, I didn't have the money to move out. Oh, well, it was only eighteen months.

On the fifth night, I decided it was time to tour the local town, Fusa Machi. I walked out of the gate and went down town. A street full of bars and restaurants greeted me. I stopped at the nearest bar and drank an Asahi. It was very refreshing. I hadn't had a beer since Thailand. 

Several Japanese girls were working the bar. It looked like they were doing pretty good as most of the GIs in the bar were too drunk to pay attention to their money. I resolved to stay sober. The girls were professionally duping the drunks out of their money. They didn't need to steal it. The morons were giving it away.

I nursed another beer while fending off the advances of the bar girls. Just before closing time, the girls all hustled out the back, leaving the suckers, who thought they were going to get some pussy, sitting stupidly in the bar, drunk.

I chuckled and went back to the barracks. It was the same story the next night, only this time I took a little time to talk to one of the girls. Naturally, I chose the prettiest one. Her name was Komiko. She was just like one of those Japanese dolls in a glass case.

She didn't stay with me very long because I wouldn't buy her a "lady's drink" and I wouldn't get drunk. She drifted on to greener pastures. I returned to the same bar every night for a week. She would come and chat with me and then take off to fleece the suckers. Finally one night she asked, "What do you want?"

"You." I replied.

"But you can't have me. I don't go home with GIs."

"I don't have a home to take you to," I replied, "I would like to go to your home."

"You are very brash," she said.

"No, I'm just not a sucker," I answered.

"I don't think I should take you to my home. If my mother found out, I would just die."

"She knows you work in a bar, doesn't she?"

"I work in a bar but I'm not a prostitute. The GIs give me money and I support my family with it. I won't sleep with Americans."

"Why not? I'm a nice guy and I really like you. We could just love each other a little while."

"My family has forbidden me from seeing any but Japanese. Even if I wanted to, I just can't."

"Do you want to?"

"I don't know. I don't know you very well."

"Would you go to Tokyo with me this weekend?"

"My family won't allow it."

"You know how persistent Americans can be. I'm not giving up, family or no family."

"It is up to you. If you will excuse me now, I must make some money for my mother."

She drifted across the bar and played fleece the sucker for until closing time. I went back to the barracks and jerked off. I wanted her. My cock tingled every time I thought about her. 

The next night, I was back at the bar. She was there, precious as ever. She was just so damned cute! I nursed a beer and a hardon all evening. Just before closing time I beckoned her to my table.

"Let's go get a hotel room. I'm dying here!"

"Mother expects me home on time. I cannot delay."

After two more weeks of nightly frustration I was almost ready to give up. I wanted her so badly that my nuts ached twenty four, seven. I resolved I would give it one more try and then seek relief elsewhere. The problem was, I could think of only Komiko. I was going crazy.

When I got to the bar that night, she came over and sat beside me. I looked at her and sadly said, "This is my final try. If you don't want me tonight, I give up!"

"I will go with you tonight."

"What? Why?" I was baffled and confused. I wasn't sure I had heard her right.

"Yes, tonight," she replied.

"What is different about tonight?"

"My mother is visiting her home town this weekend. She won't be back for two days."

"I'll go get the hotel room right now!" I excitedly exclaimed.

"I can't be seen going into a hotel with you. You must come to my house."

"But what about the rest of your family?"

"My mother is my family."

I had a beer and waited for closing time.

"Wait for me in the alley behind the bar." She said as she departed.

I waited in the alley in back of the bar, not sure if this was another evasive move or not. She might go out the front door. She might escape through a hidden hatch in the roof. A thousand doubts crossed my mind as I waited.

A small door, unseen until now, swung open and she stepped into the alley. She smiled shyly at me. "Come with me Jack," she said.

I followed her out of the alley and down a back street into an all Japanese neighborhood. She stepped onto the porch of a small, well kept house. She carefully removed her shoes and invited me in. I took my shoes off (Japanese custom) and stepped inside.  

The house was immaculate. There wasn't a mote of dust anywhere. Everything was completely clean. It could have easily passed a white glove inspection. I was fascinated.

"Would you care for something to drink? I'm sorry, we have no beer."

"Do you have tea?"

"Of course," she giggled, "This is Japan."

We sat cross legged on the floor and drank the tea. After the tea, she quickly washed the tea service and the cups. "Come with me."

I followed her down a short hall and through a set of sliding doors. "This is my bed," she shyly sighed, indicating a poppy bed. It looked comfortable. "Undress me please," she requested.

I started removing the layers of clothing that had hidden her assets from me for so long. She kept looking shyly at me as I slowly stripped her. Soon she stood in just a pair of western style panties. 

"Now me," she giggled. She took my clothes off, folded them and neatly stacked them. All that was left was my boxers. 

I held her in my arms and kissed her for the first time. I had to bend way over because she was very short. I could plainly see that she was small all over. She hugged me and looked up at me, edging me toward the bed. As we sank onto it, she said, "Be gentle with me. I haven't had much practice."

My hands caressed her tiny breasts. I popped a nipple into my mouth. She let out a little squeak and grasped my cock. "Take it off," she demanded. I slid my boxers off. She took her panties off. We were ready.

She had tiny little feet and slim pretty ankles. I took her whole foot in my mouth and caressed her sole with my tongue. "What are you doing to me?" she asked. 

I removed the foot and said, "I'm loving all of you."

"Don't stop," she said, offering her other foot. I ran my tongue between her toes and sucked on her ankles. I started kissing and sucking my way up her legs. She was clearly enjoying herself as evidenced by the little noises she was making and the way she wiggled. I reached her pussy. It had almost no hair on it and looked like it had never been trimmed. A trickled of girl juice ran out of her slit. I lapped it up and started licking her cunt. "Are you still loving all of me?"

"Oh, yeah," I managed to mumble. I found her clit and sucked the hard little bud between my lips. I gently sucked on it while rubbing it with my tongue. She was wildly bucking her hips.

"I've got to have you inside me now!" she moaned.

I kissed and licked my way up her body, stopping at her navel and rimming it out. I kissed her tits and sucked on her nipples. I jammed my tongue into her mouth and played with her. She was sucking my tongue. She broke the kiss. "Come on. I want it. Please!" she begged. She pulled my cock to her little pussy. As soon as I felt the entrance, I slowly sank into her all the way to my balls.

"Ooo," she groaned, "do it hard."

I started stroking her, unsure of what hard meant. "More, harder," she demanded as she bucked against me. I rammed her as hard as I could. She smiled and said, "Alright!"

I felt her pussy tighten around my dick and I knew the end was near for her. Her whole body stiffened. Her pussy throbbed. "Ooohhh Yesss!" she screamed. She felt so good cumming on my cock. Pussy juice ran everywhere. She relaxed, but I kept fucking her hard. Again I felt her pussy throb around my meat but this time I felt that tingle deep in my balls that signaled the onset of a major orgasm. I drove into her hard, all the way and started to tremble as I emptied my semen into her. I was frozen in time. Eventually, my balls were empty. She was squeezing them. I had nothing left.

My cock wilted and slipped out of her. I lay beside her puffing and panting, spent.

She looked at me and said, "I never had anyone eat me before. I loved it. Can we do it again?"

"I'll teach you about sixty nine tonight," I gasped,"but first I have to recover."

She giggled and caressed my cock. "I don't care if mother finds out. I cannot give this up." And she gave it a playful little shake.

We took a short nap while waiting for my member to pump up. She retrieved a wash cloth and wiped us both down thoroughly. I, for one, would have preferred to let her juices dry on me. She wasn't having it.

She was playing with it again when I awoke. "Show me this sixty nine." She said.

I rolled over on my back. "Straddle my face and put your pussy right on my lips." I instructed. "Now, put my cock in your mouth and start sucking. Please, no teeth!"

She followed my directions to the letter and soon her pussy was vibrating on my tongue. As she came, she supplied me with some more of her tasty love potion. I greedily gulped it down. I could feel my nuts retract. "I'm gonna cum!"

She just bobbed her head harder and started sucking me with a rhythm all her own. When she started humming a Japanese tune, I lost it and squirted a load into her mouth. I felt her swallow it and I came again. She collapsed on top of me, kissing my balls and still playing with my cock.

I turned her around and snuggled with her. I tenderly kissed her mouth and tasted myself on her tongue.

"I thought you would just jump on me, fuck me and then jump off," she said.

"No way baby-san. You are far too much of a treat for that! I've got tomorrow and the next day off. If you want, I'll stay with you."

"Oh, yes, nobody ever wanted to stay before. Japanese guys can be so rude!"

"I'll stay be you and meet your mother. The longer I am with you, the more I want to stay with you."

"Meeting mother might be rough. She doesn't like Americans very much."

"She'll get over it." I squeezed her hard and let my hand drop to her pussy. It was going to be a great weekend.