 Ken and I were home from our second tour in Afghanistan. He had told me a lot about his "baby" sister, Jenna. Even though she was eighteen, he still called her his baby sister since she was ten years younger than him.

He'd said, "Jenna really is a doll, Bill. She has long blonde hair and blue eyes. I'm sure all the guys are after her, and that worries me."

"She sounds like they would be."

So when we got to his home, I met Jenna for the first time, and he certainly was right. She was gorgeous and very hot. All the details about her were spot on, except for one: she wore her long blonde hair up in a ponytail, the sight of which got my juices flowing. I love a ponytail!

I took Ken aside and whispered, "You didn't tell me that Jenna was so hot!"

"Sorry buddy, but she was only sixteen when I saw her last. She's...grown up," he said with a wink.

Well, I couldn't argue with that. Jenna was certainly grown up! And what was a real shocker...his mom, Jessica, was hot, too! She also had her blonde hair up in a ponytail, so images of making it with her started to creep into my mind as well.

That night over dinner, Jenna kept smiling at me in what I considered to be a provocative way. She was sitting across from me and every time I looked at her, she was looking back with that cute smile that gave me butterflies. I thought, "What is she up to?"

After dinner, I talked to Jenna while Ken took a shower. She was very interested in me and my job in the Army; what it was like to be shot at; were the Afghani women pretty, etc. She kept sliding closer and closer to me on the sofa and I was feeling a bit uncomfortable when Ken came walking through.

"Okay, Bill, the shower is all yours. I'm going to run to the store with mom and dad to pick up a few things. Can I get you anything?"

"Hmm. I need a new toothbrush."

"Okay. You got it," he said and the three of them left. That left me alone with Jenna.

"Well, Jenna, I'm going to jump in the shower. I'll see you later."

"Okay, Bill," she said and winked at me.

I took a quick shower and was drying off, still totally nude, when Jenna opened the door and walked in. My cock was hanging at about fifty percent arousal and I was so shocked at her sudden appearance that I froze and didn't cover up. She had her hair up in that sexy ponytail, tied with a pink ribbon, and was wearing a ruffled top that really enhanced her breasts.

"Mmm! Look at you!" Jenna said as she walked over to me.

She put her finger to her lips to indicate that I should be quiet, then dropped to her knees and took my cock into her mouth.

"Jeez, Jenna!" is all I could say.

She ignored my reaction and started to slowly bob her head on my growing cock, using her lips to pull the blood to the head. In and out she thrust it until I was about to shoot off, so I took her cute head in my hands, held it tight, and fucked her mouth until I dumped my sizable load.

"Mmm. Mmm. Mmm," she moaned as each spurt entered her mouth.

She seemed to love the feel of my cum shooting into her mouth and the jerking of my cock. I held her head tight and humped her face until I was finished, slowly pulled my cock from her mouth as her tight lips pulled out the last drops of cum, then swallowed everything with an audible gulp.

"Oh wow! You had a lot of cum, Bill. I love a big load!"

"Do you! Just how many times have you sucked a guy off, Jenna?"

"Dozens of times. I love it, don't you?"

"I certainly love the way you do it."

"That's not all I do either. Would you like to fuck me? I love a big cock thrusting into me."

I got dizzy just imagining that. Fucking gorgeous little Jenna would be mind-blowing!

"Well, I would love that, but it'll be difficult with a house full of people."

"No it won't be. I'll just sneak into your room tonight. No one will know."

That's when I started to fantasize that I might actually fuck Jenna, the gorgeous teenager who had just given me a great blowjob. The thought of fucking her in just a few hours made me hard again.

"Oh, Bill! Do you want me right now?" she said when she looked down and took my cock in her hand.

"Yes, but your parents and brother could be back soon."

"Yeah, maybe you're right. But I will see you after midnight, so don't go to sleep."

She gave my cock a squeeze and left the bathroom, leaving my cock hard and my balls well drained.

* * * * *

True to her word, Jenna crawled quietly into my bed around twelve-thirty. She cuddled up to me and kissed me hungrily. She was totally nude and started to hump my leg like she was already aroused and ready to get laid.

I pulled her on top of me and held her tight as we kissed passionately. My cock got hard and was rising up between her legs.

Then she whispered in my ear, "Tell me what you want to do to me."

"I want to fuck you so hard that you'll beg me to stop."

"Mmm! Then do it," she ordered.

I rolled us over and was between her legs. She raised them up as I inserted my cock into her wet, swollen pussy.

As I slowly pushed it in, Jenna moaned softly and pulled with her feet.

"God, you feel so hard! Fuck me so slowly that it will last all night."

She had let her long hair down, so I grabbed a handful of it and started to slowly thrust into her. She moaned over and over as I fucked her. Jenna felt tight like a virgin, so I knew I couldn't last long with her. Her little body felt too good thrusting under me; her tongue in my mouth felt too arousing; her soft blonde hair in my fingers felt too sexy; and her moans of pleasure sounded to sensuous. No, I wouldn't last long with Jenna under me.

Then she whispered in my ear, "I'm cumming, Bill. Fuck me harder."

So I started to ram hard into little Jenna, so hard that the headboard was slamming against the wall.

"Oh, Bill, you're so good! Your cock feels so good inside me!" she whispered.

I shoved hard into her and held it there, waiting for my climax to start. She had locked her legs around my waist so tight that I couldn't thrust. She was holding me in, waiting for me to shoot off. 

And shoot off I did. I buried my face in her neck and sucked a hickey as my cock exploded deep inside her. She moaned and used her pussy muscles to milk the cum from my cock. Jenna was a sex machine and I didn't know where, at eighteen, she'd learned to fuck so well.

I seemed to cum forever. Every millimeter of my cock was deep inside Jenna's body as it spurted and filled her every cavity. She moaned and hugged me tight when she felt my cock spurting.

When I had finished, I rolled over and pulled Jenna on top of me. She lay her head on my shoulder and said, "That was so good, Bill. Can I come to your bed every night?"

"My feelings will be hurt if you don't."

"Good," she replied and laid her head down again.

We both dropped off to sleep and slept all night. We were startled awake when there was a knock on the door.

"Hey buddy! Rise and shine. It's time for breakfast. Hurry up or I'll eat it all."

"Okay. I'm up," I was able to say.

Jenna smiled and put her finger to her lips again. She slipped out of bed, slipped her robe on and whispered, "Look outside and tell me if the coast is clear."

I got up and looked up and down the hall. No one was around, so I said, "Okay. Take off."

She kissed me and sneaked out the door. By the time I got dressed and sat down at the breakfast table, Jenna was already there. She gave me a quick smile and glance that said, "Wasn't last night wonderful?"

* * * * *

The next night Jenna slipped into my bed again at twelve-thirty, nude and ready for sex. She crawled on top of me and we kissed hungrily as she humped against my growing hard-on.

Then she whispered in my ear, "Let's do sixty-nine. Okay? I like to be on the bottom."

"Sounds good to me."

She rolled over and I turned around and hovered over her. She raised her head and took my cock deep into her mouth and moaned, sending vibrations up into my prostate.

I started to lick and suck her clit hard, running my tongue up and down over it. She moaned and started to shiver. Then she wrapped her arms around my waist and pushed my cock down her throat with her nose squashed into my scrotum. Her throat felt so tight as she repeatedly thrust her face against my crotch, that I lost it. I moved my feet under her head for support as my cock started to unload.

At the same time, an intense orgasm gripped Jenna's body. She moaned and shiver through it as my cum filled her stomach.

When we finished, I rolled over beside her. We didn't have the energy to do anything but try to catch our breath. Finally I was able to turn around and pull Jenna on top of me and hold her.

"That was so good, Bill. I wish you didn't have to leave tomorrow."

"I do too. I enjoy these after-midnight romps with you."

"Me too," she whispered as she kissed me. "I should go. Yesterday morning was too close. If we got caught my parents would kill us both."

"I know. Your bother would, too."

"Yeah, but he would make you suffer first." She kissed me and slipped out the door.

* * * * *

The next morning when I was leaving to go visit my parent, Jenna gave me a big hug that was probably too long. As I hugged her back, I glanced over at Jessica and she had an inquisitive look on her face. I thought, "Oh hell! She may be suspicious."

Two hours later I got a call from Jenna.

"Bill! Mom knows about us! She'd been suspicious the whole time you were here and she confronted me as soon as you left."

"What did you tell her?"

"Everything! She already knew! What could I say?"

"Damn!" I guess I won't be visiting there anymore."

"I'm so sorry, Bill. It's all my fault. I should have left you alone."

"No, I'm just as much to blame as you are. I was weak and let you seduce me."

There was a long silence on the phone as we both thought about the situation.

"What is she going to do to you?"

"Well, she's not going to tell dad. That's the good news."

That was indeed good news. "What's the bad news, Jenna?"

"I can never see you again. When you come back here, I have to stay far away from you."

"WHEN I come back? I don't think I ever should."

"But you have to! Ken and my dad would be suspicious if you always said no to an invitation."

"Yeah, I guess you're right there."

Again there was a long silence.

"Well, Ken and I leave in a few days for Afghanistan again. By the time we get back, maybe things will have blown over."

"Yeah, that's true."

* * * * *

So that ended my romps with cute little Jenna. I was dreading my return visit because I knew that Jessica would still be pissed and would probably get me alone the first thing and read me the riot act and tell me to never touch Jenna again or she'd tell her father, so something to that affect.

I was wrong.