 "Baby, you know I'd give anything to be home right now ... you know that. I can't help that my plane is grounded. This snow is ridiculous." 

"I know, I know." Aidan sighed, running a hand over the front of his face, as if that would relieve his frustration. "It's just ... this is our first Christmas together. I was hoping to spend it all cuddled up in front of the fireplace or something." He could just imagine his wife's face at the moment: a mixture of frustration, exasperation, and guilt. He knew it wasn't her fault, but he could blame her job in a round-a-bout sort of way. "Layla, I'm sorry. I love you."

"I love you, too," she replied. "Let me go for now, I'm going to go check the weather reports and see if I can't get someone to tell me what my prospects are. ... maybe there's a bus or something?"

"You'd take a bus from Michigan to New York?"

"If I have to, yes." Aidan heard her sigh. "Don't sound so surprised, I'm not that high maintenance."

Aidan chuckled. "If you insist, my love."

"I'm sticking my tongue out at you," Layla said.

"I'll return the favor. But I'll let you go. Call me when you hear something, okay?"

"Okay," she replied, voice sobering to a more somber tone. "I love you."

"Love you, too."

"Okay, 'bye."

"'Bye."

Aidan stared at the black cordless phone in his hand for a moment before hitting the 'off' button. He took a look around their decorated living room and sighed, sliding easily onto the couch in a haphazard sort of lying position. The Christmas tree was still a bold, emerald green, with its colorful lights glancing off of the shiny silver bulbs his mother-in-law had bought them. Aidan had spent an hour trying to light a fire in the fireplace, having gone through at least a newspaper and a half. The coffee table was laden with small place settings and he mentally ticked off the items chilling in the fridge: spaghetti and sauce (the first meal he'd ever cooked for her) waiting to be reheated, as well as a bottle of Layla's favorite wine, and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries that he wanted to share with her later. All of this he had set up, prepared, and worked so hard to keep a secret for when his wife returned home from her business trip. Instead, it looked as though he were going to be facing his first married Christmas Eve alone — well, possibly with some chocolate covered strawberries.

Aidan hated her boss for this; there had always been some tension there, as Layla's boss was a man's man who loved having control over his employees — especially his females. While they were dating, Aidan had witnessed him making out with several of the company's secretaries in various nooks and crannies of the party hall where their company often hosted events. Layla did not disbelieve him when he'd mentioned these stories, concerned for her well-being at the office, but she assured him that he knew better than to harass her and that Aidan had nothing to worry about. Now he was sure her boss had planned this last minute business trip, so close to Christmas, with spite and revenge in mind for Aidan's ill feelings, which he had never bothered to hide.

"If that's what I get for loving my wife ..." he said absently, to the empty room at large.

Before his mind could go any further, the phone in his hand began to ring. Aidan checked the Caller ID before hitting the 'talk' button. "Hey, man, what's up?" he asked, recognizing the number of his brother-in-law and best friend, Josh.

"Nothing much," he replied quickly, "listen, Ma was wondering if you two had reconsidered coming over to spend Christmas Eve here. She's being a bit ... persistent, actually."

"I'll bet," Aidan replied, wry grin forming on his face. "What's she having?"

"The usual," Josh replied, "baked ziti and a bunch of appetizers. You'll never hear the end of it if you don't come for at least an hour. I mean, I know you had other plans ..."

"Yeah, well, my other plans have been snowed in," Aidan said. "Layla hasn't even left Michigan yet because there's too much snow on the ground."

"Damn, Aidan, I'm sorry."

"Yeah, well ..." Aidan paused for a moment, considering. "I guess I could come over for a little while. It's better than sitting around here the whole night by myself."

"Great, I'm sure she'll be glad to hear it ... gives her someone else to pick on besides me."

Aidan laughed. "Great." He swung his legs over the side of the couch, preparing to stand up. "All right, see you in a bit."

"'Bye, man. Oh — and be careful, it's freezing outside. Some of the roads are questionable from this afternoon's rain."

"Thanks. 'Bye."

Aidan took one last look around his empty and wifeless living room. As he put on a coat and looked around for his keys, Aidan reflected on the past week and a half without Layla. The house had been empty when he'd returned home from work, the lights off the way that he left them. There was no warmth, no hot meals when he'd walk through the door, no kiss and a "Try this," from his wife followed by a hot spoonful of whatever delicious concoction she'd thought of making that night. Layla was a magnificent cook, and loved trying new combinations of things. Her creativity was not restricted to the kitchen, though, and Aidan's body physically ached at the fact that he hadn't shared his bed with Layla in too long a time.

He tried to push thoughts of her smooth, warm skin from his mind, or the way that she gasped for breath when his tongue found that special spot on the inside curve of her hip or the way she rode him, with a twist and roll of her body that sent her breasts bouncing and his cock and mind reeling. His pants began to feel tight.

Aidan pushed himself out the front door quickly, inhaling the deep, cold air of the early evening and watched the neighbor's children working on the last lingering remains of a fort from the other day's snow as he walked to his car. Setting off towards his mother-in-law's house, he couldn't help but think, "This is going to be a long night."

Layla's mother always had a way of complimenting you in a way that made what she said seem like an insult. Mrs. Moriatto was an older Italian woman that, while gifted in the kitchen, was not necessarily gifted in interpersonal relations. Josh was there to greet him as he pulled up, cigarette hanging out of his mouth. Mrs. Moriatto hated smoking — her husband had died a couple of years ago from lung cancer — and refused to stand for it in her home.

"Finally," Josh said as Aidan walked up to the door. "Someone else to pick on. Layla just got off the phone with her and now she's pissed that her baby girl isn't going to be home for the holidays." Taking one last, long drag of his dying cigarette, Josh let it fall from his fingers to the ground, stamping it out with the toe of his shoe. He opened the door, letting Aidan walk in first.

"Aidan!" Mrs. Moriatto called in her old Italian-woman voice. "I'm glad you are here — take your shoes off you're dragging mud on the carpet."

"Hi, Ma," Aidan said, indulging her as she went on tip-toe to kiss his cheek. He slid off his shoes and looked around to meet the other bemused faces gathered in the dining room off to the side of the living room.

"Just in time to eat," she said starting to walk back to the kitchen. "Always just in time to eat."

"That's me," he muttered, walking toward the dining room and taking a seat next to Layla's older sister, Gina. She made a face.

"Sorry to hear about Layla," she said. "I'd invite you to spend the night at our place, but unless you want to be woken up at 4:30 in the morning ..."

"That's all right," Aidan replied, laughing at Gina and her husband, Joe. Joe winked at him.

"Joey'll be up probably before that," he said to his wife.

"Okay, okay," came Mrs. Moriatto's voice. She entered the dining room carrying a huge casserole dish of bubbling cheese, sauce, and pasta. "Eat up, everyone. Mangia, mangia!" She placed the spatula in the casserole and let those closest to her start serving. "Giuseppe get your elbows off the table, eh?" Joe immediately complied, smirking as Gina leaned over to kiss him on the cheek.

"He'll learn eventually, Ma," she said.

*

It was definitely a long night. Aidan looked at the glowing green clock of his car as he began to pull away. He'd only been at the Moriatto's house for two hours, but it had felt like an eternity. All he was looking forward to now was a hot shower and possibly some senseless TV. He checked his cell phone again for about the twenty-fifth time since he left his home only to note that there were no missed calls. Layla was clearly taking her time trying to find someone to tell her what the likelihood of ever leaving Michigan was.

Aidan fiddled with the temperamental door handle of their house and pushed his way inside. The first thing he noticed was the warmth — the fireplace was still going. He had thought that it would have died by the time he returned home. The next thing he noticed was the beautiful gift waiting for him beneath the Christmas tree.

"Brrr — come in, baby, it's cold out there."

Aidan quickly shut the door, half-stunned. His wife was lying just in front of the Christmas tree in the most delicious looking lingerie. It was Christmas red and lacy, tied in the front of her chest with green ribbon. He watched as she slowly stood up, and noticed the lacy red G-string that went along with it, all the way down to the stockings that disappeared into mid-calve red boots, outfitted in white fir at the top. As if that weren't enough, she had a fluffy red Santa hat on her head. She pushed the ball out from her face as she leaned in to kiss him.

"Mm," she murmured. "Here, baby, try this."

Before he could respond, Aidan found one of the chocolate covered strawberries being pushed gently against his lips. His eyes never left her soft, tanned face or doe-like brown eyes as his mouth parted and he took a bite; the tartness of the juice woke his mouth up and was soothed away quickly by the creamy milk chocolate. He watched as she nibbled the rest of the chocolate and fruit away before walking back over to place it on the coffee table. She watched him slowly as one solitary finger brushed away a lingering piece of chocolate from the corner of her mouth.

"Well," Layla began, "are you going to just stand there or do you want to unwrap your present?"

The keys he didn't even realize he was still holding dropped to the floor with a clatter of metal-on-metal-on-carpet. Aidan quickly unbuttoned his coat and let it fall to the floor behind him as he crossed the living room in three strides. His hands found the lace covering her hips and he gently pulled her forward, feeling the warmth of her body through the cold of his clothing. She shivered.

Aidan's mouth immediately went to hers. He kissed her fiercely, with the pent up frustration of twelve days without kisses. Her mouth opened to him almost immediately and her arms went to his waist and slowly up the back of his shirt. Layla pulled herself closer to him, body on fire, in spite of the chill to his skin, wanting nothing more than to melt into him.

Aidan broke for breath and let his lips dance down her neck, flickering his tongue at the corner of muscle and bone. She gasped.

"Oh, God, Aidan ... I missed you."

"I missed you, too, sweetheart." Aidan kissed her hair, inhaling the light floral scent that was so familiar it sent a sensual pang right to his core. "I just had to endure two hours at your mother's house listening to her talk about how awful airports were these days."

"Aww ... poor baby," she cooed, finding the sensitive spot on his neck and suckling it 'til he gasped with pleasure. Aidan cast his eyes downward, enjoying the feel of her lips and tongue and her body's general proximity. His eyes caught sight of the plate of strawberries on the coffee table.

"I do recall having more strawberries before I left, though," he murmured into her ear, nipping gently at the lobe before pulling slightly away. Layla had the graces to look sheepish; she blushed down to the tops of her breasts and smiled slightly looking up at him through her thick, dark eyelashes.

"I may have eaten a few while waiting for you."

Aidan laughed and bent to kiss her again, searing her lips with his down fiery kiss. He no longer had intentions for pleasantries — well, of the verbal kind anyway.

Layla's hands continued to caress his bare back beneath his grey sweater. Quickly, she pulled it up and broke their kiss to tug it over his head. It fell with no sound to the floor. Layla's hands found his chest, warm now, and her fingers twirled and stroked the sparse amount of coarse hair between his nipples.

Aidan reveled in the feel of her heat being pressed against him through the lace; he pulled her closely to him again. He could feel her nipples hardening and caressing him through the cloth. He could also feel the strain of his hardening cock pressing almost painfully against his jeans. As if she'd read his mind, Layla ground her hips up against his hard bulge and he gasped sharply, sucking air through his teeth at the exquisite feel of it. Layla moved her lips to his neck and chest as she slowly undid his belt and the button and zipper of his jeans. Once loose, her hands pulled them down, fingers caressing the his bare thighs before working their way up to his ass. His cock stood at attention before her and Layla licked her lips eagerly.

"That's a sight for sore eyes," she said quietly, crouching down to pull his pants and boxers down all the way. Aidan moaned as he slipped off his shoes and stepped out of his clothes, feeling her warm breath near his hardness. The tip of his cock head was gleaming with droplets of pre-cum. Layla's lush, warm tongue flitted out of her mouth to lap it up. Aidan sucked a breath quickly through his teeth. Then her lips found his cock head and she slowly sucked in his thickening seven inches. Her tongue twirled along the sensitive underside of his head. Aidan's knees buckled. He brushed his fingers through her soft hair, knocking the hat back to the floor. Layla "mm"-ed as his fingers stroked her hair, anchoring himself to her as though he'd fall over. The sweet vibrations of her mouth were pushing him to the edge.

"Oh, God, baby." Her head was bobbing up and down now, the heat of her mouth stroking his entire length. She sucked him with expert movements, teasing him at first then bobbing more quickly. "Yesss, baby ... oh, fuck. You're gonna' make me cum ..."

Aidan could barely breathe as one of her hands slid slowly up his leg to cup and caress his balls. Layla tugged gently and was rewarded by a gasping groan. "Layla," Aidan whispered desperately, pleading, as his fingers gripped her hair, helping to guide her head forward and back as his hips slowly bucked into her mouth. Layla's mouth continued to engulf his hard cock and she soon brought her other hand up. It wrapped around the base of his shaft in a fist and as her mouth traveled back to the head her fist began to pump his hardness.

"Ohhh, fuck, Layla ... that's it ... oh, God, I'm gonna' cum!"

Layla increased her speed and squeezed and twisted her hand around his shaft. She felt his cock harden suddenly and was rewarded by a hot spurt of salty cum. Aidan's knees weakened and he struggled to remain standing as Layla continued to pump him dry, delicious mouth sucking down the next spurt then the next. She swallowed all of it and slowed down as his shaft softened in her hand and mouth.

When she was finished, Layla looked up at him from her knees, licking her lips, an innocent smile in her eyes. Aidan fell to his knees and kissed her hard, tasting his lingering essence on her tongue. His mouth found her neck, then her ear as he whispered, "That was amazing."

"Good," she murmured, the hint of a giggle in her voice. He pulled away to kiss her on the mouth again, then simply looked at her, flush-face and swollen lips. His fingers found the green ribbon that held her lacy baby doll shut and gave it a quick tug. Aidan pushed the material off her tan and toned shoulders and off her body onto the plush, carpeted floor. His fingers trailed, feather-light, along the lush curves of her hips and he brought them slowly up to her breasts. Layla shivered.

Aidan took one lovely, taut nipple into his mouth, closing his green eyes as he relished in the feel of the warm flesh between his lips. Aidan gently squeezed her supple body to him as he suckled gently on each breast in turn.

"Oh, Aidan," Layla whimpered.

"Lay down," he whispered, green eyes ablaze with lust, love, and firelight. Layla lay down on her back as Aidan fumbled with the panties and stockings. Slowly, teasingly, he slipped them off over her toned legs, throwing them atop her boots. Aidan's hands trailed along her inner thighs, pausing as he kissed a spot here and there. Layla lay there before him, nearly under the Christmas tree, quivering and breathless. One of her hands trailed up her stomach to toy with her nipple.

"Oh, Aidan," she sighed, "please."

He parted her lips looking at her moist pussy, pink lips swollen with desire. His tongue darted out to taste the juices on her clit. Layla bucked. Aidan smiled, using the hard point of his tongue to trace her dripping folds.

"Mm," he murmured, "you taste so sweet." His tongue rolled over her clit as one finger slowly caressed and parted her folds of her pussy 'til it found her sweet hole. Aidan slid it slowly inside of her, feeling the lingering tightness of a week's worth of pent up frustration.

Layla moaned. "Oh, Aidan, please ..."

He slipped in a second finger and started up an easy rhythm, fucking her with his fingers and massaging her clit with his tongue. "Oh, yes, baby ... oh yeah ... oh yeah ..." Layla whimpered. Her hips bucked with each thrust of his fingers causing him to brush her g-spot which slowly began building her climax.

Layla mewed and moaned, loving the feel of Aidan's mouth and fingers on her. But she had missed him terribly and wanted more. Layla spread her legs wide and brought one foot up to caress his thigh. She found his cock and was pleasantly surprised to find it hard again.

"Aidan, please fuck me ... please. I've missed you so much ... oh God, fuck me!" Aidan's fingers were driving her wild, however she adjusted when he removed them. Aidan didn't need to be told twice, watching the juices drip from his wife's pussy he couldn't wait to get himself inside of her. Aidan pulled her by her legs closer to him, her plush, round ass landing at his knees. He threw her legs up quickly, teasing her with his tongue across her clit before letting them fall down around him. Aidan positioned his throbbing cock, dripping over again with pearls of pre-cum, at Layla's waiting entrance. He pushed forward slowly, feeling the walls of Layla's pussy tighten and adjust around his head. Aidan groaned as he slowly pushed himself all the way in. Layla gave a shout of pleasure as he brushed up against her spot, finally in. Aidan pumped himself in and out a couple of times, watching his thick cock being slowly engulfed by Layla's tight, hot pussy.

Aidan then fell forward over her, kissing her fervently on the lips. She "mm"-ed into his mouth as he slowly began to fuck her, sliding his cock in and out of her. Layla's hands raked themselves up his back and she wrapped her arms around him, pulling him closer. Layla's mouth and teeth found his neck as he pushed harder, faster.

"Oh, yesss ... baby, you feel so good," Layla whimpered. She raised her hips to meet his thrusts, feeling his thickness stretch her out and massage every inch of her pussy walls.

"I love you, baby," Aidan whispered into her neck, breathless, trying to push himself deeper inside of her.
