 Christmas break came a lot faster than I expected. What with school winding down with finals week and huge final projects, break came before I knew it. Planning to come home on Thursday (the day before school actually let out), I had rescheduled my sociology exam so that I could leave early. Getting home Thursday didn't do me any big favors except for the fact that it meant that I would be able to go out with Brandon on my second night home, Friday.

Friday morning I woke up to the sound of my mother's voice screaming at the top of her lungs, "Ash, do you know what time it is?!? It's 3:30 in the afternoon!!!"

Ok, so I sleep late when I'm by myself, so what? Anyway, I got up and went downstairs only to find out that if I did a few chores around the house, I would get to go out with Brandon. 

Dialing his number, I put the phone to my ear.

"Hello?"

"Hey, it's me."

"Hey."

"You doing anything tonight?"

"Nothing at all."

"Wanna do something?"

"Is that even a question?"

"Guess not. So you wanna be here between 6:30 and 6:45?"

"Sounds good."

"Ok, see ya later."

"Bye."

At 6:40 on the dot, Brandon showed up at my house. I let him in for a minute as I went upstairs to grab the Christmas gift that one of my friends had got for me and him. When we got outside to his truck, it dawned on us that we were out of condoms.

The closest and cheapest place to buy them was Meijer, which was located a mile or so behind my house. So we went there and got the condoms and then went back to Brandon's house.

His dad had just bought Pirates of the Caribbean, so we took that DVD and went into Brandon's room to watch it. Or so his dad thought. Because of the fact that his dad knew that we were always doing something, he had told Brandon that he could not close the door to his room if I was there to prevent whatever it was that we were supposedly doing. Well, we closed the door right off the bat. 

Not a moment after Brandon had closed the door and put in the DVD, I went up to him and planted a kiss on his lips. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I looked up at him with an evil look on my face and said, "So, can I jump you?"

"Maybe."

"Only maybe?"

"Yeah," he breathed.

I sat down on his bed and reached out for him. He moved so that he was right in front of me and I pulled him down onto the bed on top of me. I could feel his hard cock pressing into my pussy through our layers of clothing. I moved so that I was laying completely on the bed with him still resting on top of me. Grinning down at me, he ground his hips into my pelvis, letting me feel his arousal and need.

Reaching above me, I hugged him. I put my hands under his shirts and ran them up and down his back and finally down to his butt, where I pulled him even closer to me, letting me fully feel the extent of his arousal. We ground our hips into each other until he lifted himself off of me.

Sitting up, he reached for my belt. Unbuckling the buckle, he pulled the belt totally off my jeans and put it on the bed next to me. Next came the button and zipper. I raised my hips to allow him an easier time to get my jeans down my legs. He slowly pulled my jeans off, leaving me with just my thong between him and my dripping pussy. He leaned down to kiss me as his hands snaked up to my thong, slowly pulling it down my legs and off. Brandon leaned his head down and ran his tongue down the length of my pussy. He softly licked my clit a few times, before resuming his licking of my slit. After a few more licks, he lifted himself off me and laid down on his back.

Lifting myself up, I planted my pussy on his khakis right on top of his straining member. I could feel his cock pulsing as my pussy juices coated his pants. I leaned down to kiss him and then moved so that I was laying next to him. Reaching back over to him, I undid his belt, button, and zipper and reached my hand in his pants. Feeling his hard cock throb in my grip, I lightly squeezed it, making him squirm. 

"So can I jump you?" I grinned.

"Yeah," he breathed as he closed his eyes. He opened them only so that he could see as he reached a hand into his nightstand drawer and began moving things around. It looked as if he couldn't find something. 

"What you looking for?"

"We had one left and it's somewhere in here," he said, talking about the one condom we had left from our last box. He finally found it and put it on top of the nightstand, closing the drawer. Turning to kiss me, he pulled his khakis and underwear off. He reached an arm over to his nightstand and grabbed the condom. Still kissing me, he managed to put it on and started to roll on top of me.

Reaching between our bodies, I grabbed his rock-hard cock and positioned it at the entrance to my pussy. Releasing him, I felt him push his cock into my pussy until he was buried to the balls. Leaning down for a quick kiss, he started pistoning his cock in and out of my pussy. He settled on a slow speed, trying to keep his bed from creaking. Trying to get him to speed up a little, I moved my hips faster. Looking down at me he said, "Try to keep it slow so he doesn't hear us...." pause "I saw that look..." he warned me.

"Well that's why you've got a floor," I commented.

"You wanna move?"

"Sure."

Lifting himself off me and his cock out of me, he stepped off the bed and onto the floor. I also pulled myself off of the bed and laid down on the floor. Not a second later, his cock was once again buried deeply in my pussy and was pounding away. Because we were on the floor, we could go as fast as we wanted because nothing would creak, so we pounded the living cum out of each other. I tried to keep quiet as Brandon hit all the good spots in my pussy, but a few gasps slipped out. Because we were right by his door, I heard his dad walk into his bedroom (right across the hall from Brandon's). Whoops. There was no way that he didn't hear us, but we didn't care as we continued moving our hips in the rhythm of love. 

I squeezed my pussy around his cock as he continued to pound me, my pussy gripping him like a vice. My pussy squished as he forced his cock deeper and deeper into me. I could feel his cock swell in me as he got closer to cumming. With a loud sigh, he forced his cock as deep into my pussy as he could get it. I could feel his cock pulsating as he came deep inside my pussy. At the same time, I started to cum, gripping his cock with my pussy and not letting go until we had both ridden out our orgasms.

Once he could move, he lifted his body off me. I got up and laid back down on the bed. "Goodnight," I said to him as I pulled his covers around my body like a cocoon.

"I'll be there to join you in a second," he said as he removed the condom and wiped his cock clean. Crawling in bed next to me, he wrapped his arms around me and closed his eyes.

"So, we gonna do that again?" I joked with him.

"Give me a few minutes to rest and then yeah," he sighed.

"Well I can't wait a few minutes," I half joked with him as I rubbed my dripping pussy against one of his legs. I knew he liked it whenever I humped his leg or did something similar, so I continued on as he grinned. I got into a good rhythm as I kept humping his leg, hitting my clit every time. Soon enough, I had to stop myself so that I didn't cum.

He noticed that and said, "I don't care if you cum all over me, babe."

"I know."

He raised his head to kiss me and did his trademark kiss where he moved his tongue in and out of my mouth as if he was fucking my mouth. I tried to get away from his mouth as it was slowly bringing me closer to the edge, but he only followed my movements and stayed right with me. Reaching a hand down to my breasts, he softly caressed them, causing me to take a sharp intake of breath.

"You're just dying to make me cum, aren't you?" I asked him.

"Oh yeah."

He covered my mouth with his and wrapped his arms around me. I knew that he wouldn't let me go until I came. So I gave in and kept making out with him until I felt myself start to cum. As my breathing sped up and I started to pant, I pulled my mouth off his and put my head down on the pillow next to his. For a few minutes, I lay like that, eyes closed, just resting beside him. 

When feeling started coming back into my body, I moved myself so that I was laying next to him and just plopped down on the bed.

"That was cool," he said.

"Why?" I queried, still exhausted from my last cum.

"Cause...I don't know, you know how I think I'm like nothing right? But then like if you can get off on me, then I must be something, you know?"

I basically knew what he meant, because we had discussed that issue many times before. I was glad to give him some self-confidence in himself by doing whatever I could.

We lay there in silence for a few minutes until the DVD that we were watching came to an end. Brandon got up to change the DVD and then laid back down next to me. As I curled up in his arms, I said, "I wish you could be here everyday to do this stuff..."


"Someday I will be," he commented as we settled down to watch the movie.

Hey, thanks for reading it this far—hope you enjoyed this story. Since you got this far, I would really appreciate it if you would vote. While you're at it, feel free to leave me feedback. Thanks!