 Marlene was our baby-sitter. She was a very nice young lady and had been sitting for us since she was about fifteen. She's now eighteen and I suspect that she won't be sitting for us much longer. She has more important things to do with her time and can get better money with a steady job. I know she's looking for one.

I'd seen her grow from a child into a young adult, and a very attractive young adult at that. She had that intangible that they call charisma which just naturally attracted a swarm of boys. I will admit that having a D cup, blonde hair, and an athletic figure didn't hurt. I've always thought she should become a professional jogger. I'd pay good money to see her jogging, eagerly placing wagers on how long it takes her breasts to stop bouncing after she stops jogging.

Ever since I've known her Marlene has been a flirtatious little thing. Quite innocently when she was fifteen, not even knowing what she was doing, but at eighteen not quite as innocent. I think she quite enjoyed getting a rise out of a man.

I'm not implying that she intended to follow through on her flirting and she certainly wasn't an exhibitionist with it. The clothes she bought weren't trampy in any way, even if they did show off her figure to its best, and its best was something else.

Whether she was a virgin or not was none of my business but if I had to take a guess I was going to go with not. The reason I say this was because of a subtle change in her flirting, making me believe she was much more aware of her body and what it could do.

She had a current boyfriend. I'd seen her with him a time or two down at the mall. His name, I believe, was Tony, but I tended to think of him as shithead or that asshole. My opinion of shithead was not what you could call high.

One Friday I had to attend a team meeting with the local football club. I'd let my wife know but she forgot (deliberately) and arranged to go on a hen's night on the same evening. Not a problem. That's what people like Marlene are for. Beth rang up and arranged for her to come over for the evening. After arranging for Marlene to sit Beth calmly informed me that whichever of us got home first could pay her. Being quite fluent in wife-speak I took this to mean that she'd be out late and I'd have to pay Marlene.

Friday rolled around and Marlene rolled up. Marlene seemed to be a bit on the frisky side, happily doing some subtle flirting. Nothing you could put your finger on or take objection to, but the flirting was there. As soon as she was settled in with the children Beth and I went our separate ways.

I was in an odd mood when I got back home. What sort of odd mood? Damned if I know. Just odd. I arrived home, waved to Marlene who was watching TV, and snuck down to check that the monsters were happily asleep, which they were.

Returning I found that Marlene had moved to the kitchen and put the kettle on, preparing coffee for us. We sat and drank our coffee and chatted. At least, I chatted. Marlene was trying out her latest range of flirting weaponry, head down slightly but looking at me through raised eyes, demure look with a bit of gentle batting of her eyelashes, a few exchanges that seemed quite innocent but could be taken two ways, all of it done in such an innocent manner that a man would have to be a heel to take it the wrong way.

I guess that makes me a heel. I knew just what she was doing and quite enjoyed it, subtly egging her on. She was getting quite a kick out of trying out her wiles on an older man.

We finished our coffee and Marlene rose and rinsed the mugs, leaving them on the sink to drain.

"Before you go, Marlene, I was wondering of you'd do something for me?"

"Sure," she replied, all sweet innocence.

"That's good," I said, all cheerful innocence myself. "I was wondering if you'd be kind enough to undress and let me see your figure? I can't help but feel you would be sensational nude."

The look on her face as my request filtered through her disbelief was worth the trouble of asking. If I'd stood up and slapped her she couldn't have looked more shocked.

"What?" she half shouted.

I didn't bother replying. She'd heard and knew exactly what I said.

"Your wife. . ." she started off but I interrupted.

"Oh, don't worry about her. I have no intention of telling her. If I did she'd make me buy her a new wardrobe to show my remorse."

"That's not what I was going to say," she grumbled. "Anyway, my boyfriend. . ."

"Geez, don't mention hm. He's not here and not worth talking about anyway. I'd call him a dickhead but that would be flattering him."

"He's not a dickhead," she snapped at me but I just waved her rebuttal aside.

"Irrelevant," I told her. "I'm interested in you, not him. I'm sorry. I interrupted you. You were saying?"

"If I was silly enough to take off my clothes you'd probably wind up trying to molest me. You have to be kidding. What makes you think I'd do such a thing?"

"You can scratch the probably," I said with a laugh. "I can assure you that once you're undressed I have every intention of molesting you. I am feeling incredibly frisky right now and I feel it's my duty to help advance your sex education. As for what makes me think you'll get undressed for me, nothing in particular, but I'm certain that you wouldn't if I don't ask, now would you?"

"I'm not going to even if you have asked me," she retaliated.

"Why not?"

"I just told you why not."

"Um, no, not really. You mentioned my wife and your boyfriend but they're not here and it's not really any of their business. I have no intention of mentioning it to them and I very much doubt you would, either. The only other thing you mentioned was that I might molest you and I've said I will so you can relax on that score, knowing what will happen once you're naked."

Instead of just looking me in the eye and saying no she started spluttering, trying to come up with reasons why she wouldn't.

"Oh, go on," I told her. "You know you want to. You're wondering what it would be like to stand in front of me naked. If you find you don't like the way I molest you, you can always call a stop to it. I'm not going to rape you, after all. Too much trouble all round."

It's funny how in a yes/no situation if you don't say no right away people tend to take your dithering for a yes, even the person supposedly making the choice. On top of that Marlene was wondering what it would be like to strip, knowing I was watching. It was the molestation she wasn't too sure of.

"Um, how about I get undressed for you but you don't touch me at all?"

"How about you get undressed so that I can admire your figure and then you sit on my lap so that I can pet you a little. Don't worry. We'll only go as far as you're comfortable with."

Blushing fiercely Darlene started to undress. Top and slacks went by the way and she was giving me little looks to make sure I was watching, which I certainly was. She stopped once she was down to bra and panties but I just continued looking at her expectantly. She bit her lip, looked increasingly nervous, and slid her panties down. Her bra followed almost straight away, Marlene apparently eager to be finished.

She stood in front of me, hand folded in front of her crotch. I laughed. 

"Hands by your side," I told her.

Her blush went even higher as she did as told. I twirled a finger and she did a slow turn, finally coming back round to face me. I pushed my chair back away from the table and patted my lap. Slowly, oh so slowly, she moved closer to me, letting out a startled squeak when I took her arm and pulled her down onto my lap. She then sat there, stiff as a board.

I did nothing, just sitting there with her on my lap, one arm around her waist to help support her. Finding I wasn't grabbing she started to relax.

"You really do have a lovely figure," I said softly. "A symphony carved in ivory. An artist would kill to get you modelling for him. Look at the sweet curve of your breasts. They're standing high, proud and shapely."

To emphasize the sweet curve a finger lightly traced it, starting at her tummy and gliding lightly up, moving naturally onto her breast and finishing up with a light touch to her nipple. A nipple which, by the way, was already pouting nicely.

I continued talking, not really saying anything, just expressing general admiration for her body. Of course, you can't really do that without lightly touching those things you approve of. I made sure my touch was the lightest possible and Marlene didn't protest at all.

Initially all my touching was above the waist. After a while, however, I confessed to wanting to taste her skin and my lips started moving across her breasts. Having to do something with my hand I just naturally let it rest in her lap. I swear, gently tangling my fingers in her soft little curls was not intentional, but once done it would have been rude to snatch my hand away.

Her legs slowly drifted apart and just as slowly my hand drifted between them, touching and teasing. She was starting to breathe hard and it's quite possible my touch grew a little firmer.

Marlene made a muffled sound when I slipped a couple of fingers inside her but when no protest was forthcoming I just kept going. I will admit that when she seemed to give a strangled gasp it registered that maybe I was straying a little too close to her clitoris. A sensitive area that. 

Eventually I coaxed her back onto her feet and turned her to face me, hands going around her buttocks and drawing her close so she was standing straddling me. While I'd been doing this she'd looked down, seen that my erection had escaped from my trousers, and pointedly looked elsewhere.

I now had the problem of settling her down onto that erection. I'd eased her into position and now all she had to do was settle down upon it but she was feeling a little wary.

"Ah, look, no offence but I'm not quite sure about this," she mumbled, and I was all immediate sympathy.

"That's OK. There's no rule that says you have to. Why don't you just settle down a little bit. You'll be able to feel it rubbing against your lips, perhaps just let the head touch inside you. No need to go all the way either now or later. Entirely up to you."

Entirely up to her. My manoeuvring so that she found herself pressing against me didn't count. And I couldn't really be blamed if she pressed a little too heavily against me, causing the head of my cock to just sort of pop between her lips. All she had to do was straighten up and it would have popped straight back out.

She let out a timid little squeak when that happened, going dead still. Being a gentleman I didn't say anything and I just held still as well, not trying to take undue advantage of her little slip. I just sat there all calm and serene, while gibbering like a maniac inside, wanting to wildly thrust up into her.

Eventually temptation got the better of her. She'd gone this far. Why not go the rest of the way? She could always stop when she wanted to.

She settled slowly down onto me. Agonizingly slowly from my point of view but I wasn't going to ruin a good thing by rushing her. I could feel her moist heat moving over me, capturing me, settling firmly around me, my cock wanting to soar higher and higher. 

She was finally sitting on me, my cock up her as far as it could go, and probably a damn sight further than she'd intended.

"Oh, wow," she said, staring rather blankly at nothing in particular, all her concentration on what she'd just done and what it was doing to her.

"Just rock in place for a while. If you can't handle it just let me know."

There was a subtle insult for you. I could feel her indignation at the suggestion she couldn't handle it. She'd taken it fully into her, hadn't she? Of course she could handle this. 

Marlene knew what she was doing. Up to a point, anyway. She rocked gently, starting my cock sliding back and forth inside her. She wasn't in a hurry, just moving slowly, her head canted to the side slightly while she contemplated what she was doing and how it felt.

She kept up that pace, her eyes dreamy, not really seeing me but certainly relishing what my cock was doing to her. She obviously saw no need to vary her style, just taking her enjoyment and probably assuming that I was enjoying it too.

Was I enjoying it? Oh, yes. How could I fail to? My problem was that it was sweet torture. Ever wanted to throw a woman to the ground and ride her ragged? That's what I wanted to do but all I could do was sit there and let her have her head. Well, not quite all I could do. I have to admit that I was pushing firmly up to meet her as her rocking slowly morphed from a rocking motion to a bounce.

She was getting way excited, breathing heavily and making happy sounds as she bounced. I just let her go, sweating lightly and vowing to have my turn.

Her bouncing slowly increased until she was sliding herself the full length of my cock. She had one frantic moment when she lifted too high and popped off, resulting in a squeal of frustration and an urgent adjustment. Apart from that one incident she was having a fine time.

I was hanging on by the skin of my teeth. My balls wanted to pop but I didn't want to. Marlene was moving faster now, pushing herself along, eager for a finish. I managed to tie an internal knot in my gonads to hold me back and then Marlene gave a small shriek and climaxed, shivering and shaking and clinging to me.

Now that she had finished I just let her sit there. With her no longer bouncing I was slowly regaining control of my weaponry. It was still charged but no longer was I sitting on a hair trigger.

When I was satisfied that she'd relaxed enough I encouraged her to stand and then stood myself. I turned her around so she was facing the table, gently pushing her up against it until she was leaning over it.

"Now it's time to get serious I told her," probably to her surprise. I think she felt what we had been doing was fairly serious.

I was lining up behind her, letting her feel my cock pressing against her again, and then I was driving in to a very loud, "Wowowowow".

My arms came around her, hands clutching her breasts, and then I got down to business. I was driving in hard and fast and Marlene was in a spot of bother at first as she sought to keep up with me. She adjusted fast enough and I let her have everything I'd been putting off while she played around. I settled into a nice rhythm but it was nothing like the gentle rhythm that she'd had. I was emulating the fast and the furious with my driving and her vocal appreciation was a world of difference to the gentle appreciation she'd been showing earlier.

I was driving her wild with excitement. I knew I wouldn't be able to keep this up for long but I also knew I wouldn't need to. Her practice session had left her in a highly sensitive state and I was taking full advantage of that. When I was ready to go I barely had to hold off at all, just a very small delay while I worked overtime to push her over the edge. A violent push this time rather than the gentle slipping over she'd had earlier.

Her shriek this time was a lot louder, followed up by some very naughty language, not that she realized what she was saying, I suspect.

Afterwards Marlene seemed just a little bit confused. I suspect she was wondering how that all happened to come about because she certainly had had no intention of having sex. I steered her into the bathroom so she could shower and get cleaned up.

When she came out she was dressed and her normal flirty self again, although she did give me a wary look. I just smiled innocently. I slipped a little extra into her pay and while she noticed she didn't say anything. She toddled off home and I made sure everything was tidy before going to bed.

As far as I was concerned all was well, but I was to get a bit of a shock the next weekend. Beth invited me to go to the mall with her. The kids were visiting her parents for a few hours so I didn't have any excuse for not going. To tell the truth, I quite like shopping. I just hadn't expected it just now.

"I need a number of things for my wardrobe," Beth announced happily. "We'll be putting them on your credit card."

"My credit card? What's wrong with yours?"

"Nothing but I think yours will work better," she said airily. 

I was about to dispute this when she continued on, chatting away quite happily.

"I met Marlene yesterday. She said she was giving up baby-sitting but she would be available in an emergency." 

Beth turned and smiled at me.

"I saw her face when she spotted me. The expression on it told me that you probably owe me some new clothes. We'll use your credit card."

Well, really! Talk about unfair. No accusation. Nothing I could defend myself against. Just a demand for new clothes because of an unfounded suspicion. Really, women get away with murder.