 My mother-in-law had had a bit of a fall and as a result was feeling rather shocked. Marie had gone over to spend the weekend with her, making sure she was alright. This left me with two little ankle-biters to look after for the weekend.

That wasn't a problem. I could handle the kids easily enough. The problem I did have was that I'd arranged to go out to this do on Saturday night, and I didn't want to disappoint my hosts.

Enter the baby-sitter.

Rachelle is the sitter we regularly use. We've used her for years. She must be nearly twenty now, and I suppose she won't be bothered with sitting for much longer. She has a pretty face and nice curly hair which she is forever trying to straighten. I have a suspicion that she may be a little chubby, but it's hard to tell as she always seems to wear these loose baggy track-suit type things whenever she's around. 

I gave her a call and she agreed to come over. She also warned me that we'd better start looking for a new sitter as she finding that she didn't really have the time for it. She said she'd let us have a couple of numbers. I guessed that one right, it appeared.

Rochelle rolled up at the agreed time and I shot through to my appointment. I had a pleasant time, but was just a bit bored without Marie there. Most of the other guests were couples and I kept feeling like the odd man out. I finished up cutting out early and heading home.

It was a really pleasant night out. We'd had rain the previous day and that seemed to have washed the air. Now the skies were clear, the air was fresh and warm, and the stars were bright. All of this probably contributed to what followed.

My house is high on a hill, and on a night like this the city is a glittering panorama below us. You could stand on the back porch and see for miles. I'd even installed a spa on the back porch. It's fun to spend some lazy time in the spa looking out over the city.

I arrived home and entered, trying to be reasonably quiet, not wanting to wake the kids. They can be the very devil to get back to sleep. I'd just reached the kitchen when Rochelle came waltzing in the back door. 

Ay caramba, or whatever it is that the Spanish say when they get a shock.

I learnt a few things about Rochelle in those few seconds. She hadn't heard me arrive home. She liked to use a spa. She liked to use a spa naked. She was not chubby. Those track suit things she wore concealed a splendid body. (I made a mental note to break into Rochelle's place and burn every one of those outfits. It was a crime for her to wear them.) Where was I? Oh yes. Rochelle liked to be clean shaven and she liked an occasional glass of wine.

Rochelle didn't see me standing at the kitchen door. She blithely skipped over to the fridge, poured herself a glass of wine and went skipping back out to the spa. Watching her bend over to get the wine cask out of the fridge was a severe trial for my composure, I can assure you.

I went over to the fridge and extracted some beer and poured myself a glass. Then I stripped off and went out onto the back porch. Rochelle was sitting back, eyes closed, music softly playing from the smart phone on the nearby bench. She had her glass of wine in one hand and was idly conducting with the other. She didn't even know I was there until I was settling into the water on the other side of the spa.

Her eyes popped open when she felt me settling down and she stared at me in horror.

"When did you get home," she said, her voice squeaky with surprise. Or was that horror? Then her own nudity registered with her.

"You can't get in here with me," she protested. "I'm naked."

"Don't let that worry you," I said affably. "Lots of people use the spa naked. I do all the time."

Our legs were bumping against each other in the spa, and Rochelle gave another little squeak and edged around on the spa seat a bit. This brought her closer to me but at least our legs weren't tangled. I suppose that she thought the trade-off was worth it.

I could see she was surreptitiously eyeing me, trying to work out if I was actually nude in the spa with her.

"Yes, Rochelle, I'm naked as well. I saw you in the kitchen and thought you'd be embarrassed if I hopped in the spa dressed while you were nude. This way we're on even terms."

Her face flamed red at the realisation I'd seen her walking around naked.

"You saw I was naked and you still got in with me?" She sounded quite shocked.

"Mmm," I said. "You've got a lovely figure, by the way. Why the devil do you hide it in those god-awful track-suits."

"I don't," she protested. "It's just that track-suits are easier when you're dealing with kids."

"Good point," I admitted. "I'd had kid's food spilled on suits before and it's a pain. It's just that when I saw you I couldn't help thinking that these are much too nice to be perpetually hidden."

With that comment I reached over and casually touched one of her nipples, which was floating just above the water. Rochelle gasped and slapped at my hand, realised that her breasts were on display from the nipples up and hastily sank lower into the water. 

"You shouldn't touch me," she muttered. "You're not really naked are you?"

"Ah, yes," I confessed. "See." 

This time I didn't touch her so much as take her hand and place it in my lap. Or as close to my lap as it could get before encountering my erection. Rochelle's hand closed over me a split second before she realised what she was holding. Then she let go as though it was on fire.

"You can't do that sort of thing," she gasped. "You married."

"I know, but I'm also horny and my wife's not here, but you are. You can feel how badly I'm in need." 

With that I pulled her hand back over to my erection, with Rochelle holding it a bit longer before letting go.

"Really, Alex, you can't do that sort of thing. Just because Marie is not here doesn't mean that you can come onto me."

"Rochelle, the reason I'm coming on to you is because you are an attractive young woman with a superb figure and I want to know what it feels like when you're wrapped around my cock."

In her agitation, Rochelle had forgotten she was supposed to keep her breasts submerged. She sat up a little straighter to tell me off, only realising her error she saw my eyes looking down. She gasped and ducked back down. Then, possibly worried that I'd drag her hand over to my erection again, she sidled slightly away from me so that we were now opposite each other, legs tangling slightly.

I lifted one foot and ran it along the inside of her leg. Rochelle hastily pushed it away just before it reached anything interesting. Then she had to quickly push my other foot away.

"I'm getting out," she muttered. "Will you please look away?"

"You have got to be joking," I said, amazed that she could suggest such a thing. 

She glared at me but decided that she was safer out than in. As soon as she stood I hooked my hands behind her knees and pulled her towards me. She finished up on my lap, straddling me, with my erection pressed vertically against her slit, my hands resting on her bottom.

Rochelle was flushed and looking slightly shocked. Just looking at her face I could tell she was acutely aware of my cock pressed against her female flesh. She rested where she was for a moment and I could feel her pressing forward slightly, assessing the rigid staff touching her. 

She made a little sound and I'm damned if I knew what it signified apart from a lot of frustration. Then she started to get up again. 

I let her rise, but my hands were firm on her bottom guiding her as she rose, so my cock was dragging against her slit. I let her move until my erection slipped between her legs, the tip of it brushing back and forth on the sensitive tissue between her legs. At that point my hands tightened a little, holding her steady for a moment.

I only held her for a moment while my cock brushed her sensitive lips, then I relaxed my grip slightly. She could feel the difference, would know she could move freely again. Still she hesitated.

Slowly she settled back down, muttering insults to me as she went, my cock slipping past her lips, easing its way up her passage while she quietly informed me that I was a male chauvinist pig. With that off her mind she gave a little groan of satisfaction and settled fully down onto me.

She felt good. She was hot and wet and tight, her passage a slippery tunnel of nerves and muscles that clamped around me. My hands left her bottom, coming up to close around her breasts. Then I pushed up into her, encouraging her to ride.

And ride me she did, sliding up and down my rigid staff with great enthusiasm, taking me deep into her. I muzzled her neck and breasts, tasting her flesh while she disported herself upon me, bouncing hard, relishing the movement of my cock within her. 

I wasn't complaining, either. She felt wonderful, driving her body hard upon mine, waves splashing around the spa at our tumultuous conduct. You could measure the intensity of our love making by the waves washing back and forth across the spa. They'd splash against the sides of the pool, leaping high and spilling over, while Rochelle was leaping high up on my cock and then crashing back down onto it.

We had a grand time, our bodies moving as one as we sought our fulfilment. I was gasping, and Rochelle had her head back, shrieking silently at the stars as I drilled her. 

Then we were climaxing, me first, but my climax pushing Rochelle over the edge of her own. After that we just relaxed, letting the spa rejuvenate us.

It was fortunate that Rochelle had put her clothes on the table and not the floor. The floor of the back porch was pretty well saturated. It appeared quite a bit of water had overflowed from the spa. We deemed it wiser to carry our things back inside before dressing.

It was quite amazing. As soon as Rochelle had that track-suit back on she looked small and slightly dumpy. I shook my head. She definitely needed to burn all those track-suits. That track-suit really irritated me. Especially the pants.

"Hold it a moment," I said as Rochelle started down the hall to the front door.

She stopped and turned to look at me and gave a startled yelp when I walked up and pulled the track-suit trousers down. 

"You can put these on when you reach the car," I told her. "I like looking at your legs."

"Do you expect me to walk out to the street in a pair of panties?" 

"Mmm, yes. It's night. No-one will notice but me."

She glared at me, looking slightly flushed. Then she spun on her heel and stalked off down the hall. You can't tell me she wasn't enjoying it. Her bottom was suddenly swishing from side to side as she went. She knew I was watching and her every step was sheer provocation.

She swished happily down the path to the road, bottom bouncing with every step, cheeks flashing in the moonlight. Her skimpy panties sure didn't hide much. Reaching the car she turned to me, smirking, holding out her hand for her pants.

Smirking just as much I reached out past her hand, took her panties and tugged them down. That shook her.

"Cut it out," she hissed. "We're out in the open. Anyone can see."

"It's night and we're reasonably in the shadow," I pointed out. "Even if anyone is awake and looking out a window they won't see us."

I was already bending her back against the car, and my zip was down and my erection ready for more action.

"Wait," Rochelle was saying, pushing against my chest. "You can't. Not out in the street. What if a car comes? We can go back inside if you must do it. Or get in the car. Oh, my god. We're in the street."

We were indeed in the street, and I truly hoped that no car came past, because I was sliding back into Rochelle, eager to become reacquainted. I started pumping her, and despite her protests Rochelle was quickly and enthusiastically moving with me. I pushed my hands up under her top and pushed her bra up over her breasts, giving me access to them. Holding her breasts, I drilled her, hard and fast.

Rochelle lifted one leg and wrapped it around me, clutching me tight as I took her. She was gasping, making funny little sounds, slowly shaking her head from side to side, while all the time she pushed hard against me, welcoming me into her body.

I was pushing in, harder, faster, driving in deep with every lunge. I felt powerful, the master of the situation, dominating this woman who lay beneath me, accepting my ownership. Rochelle was pleading, wanting more, and I was happy to give it, eager to give her the pleasure she craved.

Probably because of our earlier meeting I was lasting longer than normal. I could tell Rochelle was hovering on the brink of a climax but I struggled to keep her from going over the edge. I wasn't ready for her to find relief. I coaxed her into staying poised but her frustration was plain on her face and in her voice. 

Finally, just when Rochelle looked like getting desperate I relented, driving in harder than ever, giving her that final push.

"Don't scream," I hastily warned as she tilted her head back and her mouth opened. "People might come."

Her mouth snapped closed, resulting in a loud hissing sound erupting from her as she climaxed, shuddering under me, while I let loose my demons upon her.

I held her while she continue to give little trembling movements, the aftermath of her climax still shaking her. She stared at me, uncomprehending at first, and then understanding stole over her.

"Oh my god," she gasped, pushing me away and hastily pulling her panties up. "How could you do something like that?"

I didn't say a word. Just picked up the track-suit pants from where I'd dropped them and handed them to her. She scrambled into them quickly.

"If I'd known what you were going to do I'd never have left the house without them," she muttered.

"And you probably wouldn't have twitched your bottom in such an elegant manner as you walked," I observed, grinning as she blushed.

I couldn't help but wonder if Rochelle was really going to quit baby-sitting. It would be a pity, now that I had had a chance to get to know her a bit better.