 *All characters are at least 18 years old*

*****

The jingling of keys at the front door woke me up. There was a light thump against the door and then a chorus of giggles from a man and woman. Mr. and Mrs. Jennings were back from their night out.

I kicked off the blanket covering me just as they opened the door. They walked in arm in arm, Mrs. Jennings struggling to keep upright as she leaned against her husband. I smoothed out my hair and tried to look like I hadn't been sleeping and had been watching TV while attentively listening out for their infant upstairs.

Mr. Jennings propped Mrs. Jennings against the wall and stepped back when it looked like she could stand on her own. She swayed slightly as she closed her eyes and laid her head back, pressing her long, platinum blonde curls against the wall. Her lips fell open and her head sagged and for a moment it looked like she was going to be sick. Her lipstick was bright red and matched her short, bright red dress. It stopped several inches above her knees and hugged every one of her womanly curves. 

Mr. Jennings stepped over to her and buried his face in her neck and nibbled it, causing her to screech and swat him on the back. "Stop it Harold!" she said, slurring her words and cackling like a lunatic. She'd clearly had plenty to drink this evening. Mr. Jennings stepped away and turned to face me, noticing me for the first time.

"Jasmine!" he said. "How did everything go?"

"It was fine. I put him down at seven. He's been out ever since," I said. "I checked in on him every thirty minutes," I added, lying.

"That's a relief," Mrs. Jennings said, placing a hand on her chest just below her neck.

"See?" Mr. Jennings said, turning to her, "there was no reason to worry. Jasmine here had it all under control." He turned back to me smiling and gave me a wink with a finger-gun gesture.

"Well, thank you Jasmine," Mrs. Jennings nodded at me. "I'm going to go check on my little prince." She staggered for the stairs and one of her red high-heel shoes slipped out from under her, sending her toppling towards the steps. She placed her hands on the steps at the last second and managed to avoid smacking her pretty face. She let out a long laugh and began crawling up the stairs on her hands and knees.

When she was about five steps up, Mr. Jennings ran over and pinched her ass, which drew a yelp from her. "Your king will be up in a minute to tuck you in," he said. She responded by swiveling her ass at him, then continued up the stairs.

I had started to put my shoes on and took my empty drinking glass into the kitchen. When I came back in, Mr. Jennings was sitting on the couch flipping through channels on the TV.

"Thanks for coming over on such short notice," he said. "Between work and the baby, we almost never have any time for ourselves anymore. It was really good for her to get out."

"It's no problem. I didn't have any plans for tonight anyway. I'm glad my friend Rachel recommended me to you."

"No plans on a Saturday night? Really? A pretty girl like you?" He flashed me a toothy, pearly white smile that made my stomach warm. "If I was your boyfriend, I wouldn't leave you home on a wonderful night like this. I'd wine you and dine you and treat you right, the way a gorgeous lady deserves to be treated." The heat in my stomach began to rise into my chest. "And...then I'd take you home and try to get into your pants," he added, winking at me.

I grinned and looked down at the floor, shifting my weight on my feet. "Well...I...umm...my boyfriend has a road game this weekend. The team won't be back until tomorrow."

Mr. Jennings stroked his chin. "That's a shame. He should be more careful about leaving town and leaving his hot girlfriend vulnerable to other guys. Who knows? One of them might try to take advantage of her." His eyes slowly swept down over my chest, midsection and legs before returning to my face.

I was so startled by his comments and eye-fucking that I was at a loss for words. I bit down on my lower lip and averted my eyes from him.

He let out a loud laugh and clapped his hands together. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I clearly had one too many refreshments earlier." He rubbed his hands over his face and then shook his head. I briefly glanced at his face before turning my gaze away again. "Oh yes! Money. The lady deserves to be paid for her services," he said. He stood up and pulled his wallet from his slacks. He began walking toward me as he fished through his wallet and continued to close the gap until we were about a foot apart. I tried to back up but ran into the edge of the doorway leading into the kitchen. I felt my heart begin to race.

I could smell alcohol coming off him. Beneath the alcohol was the fragrance of a spicy cologne along with his natural masculine scent. The mix of smells was intoxicating and was making my head swimmy. I gazed up at his face as he continued to flip through his wallet. He was a very attractive man. His jaw looked like it had been chiseled from stone. His brown hair was combed back over his head, not a hair out of place. When he looked up from his wallet, I was lost for a moment in the sea of his ice blue eyes.

"I think I gave the last of my cash to the valet at the restaurant," he said. "Give me a sec, I'll be right back." He turned and strode over to the stairs and jogged up.

"Get a hold of yourself, Jasmine," I told myself when he was gone. "He's like thirty-something. He's old enough to be your father for crying out loud." I strolled over to the mantle above their fireplace and picked up a picture of him, Mrs. Jennings, and their baby. A beautiful couple and a beautiful child. I smiled and ran my fingers over the glass frame.

Mr. Jennings came bounding down the stairs a few moments later. "Here you are, sixty dollars cash," he said. He held three crisp twenties out to me. My eyes lit up at the sight of the money. When I reached to take it, he grabbed my wrist gently, and pushed the money into my hand. My breath caught in my throat at the feel of his warm skin on mine. He passed his thumb over my wrist before letting it go. For a moment, it felt like my arm had gone numb. He turned and walked to the couch and fell back on it.

With the money now in hand, I figured my babysitting job was complete. "Thank you again for hiring me," I said. "If you need a sitter again, feel free to call anytime." I began walking toward the door when Mr. Jennings called out to me.

"Hey, what's the rush?" he said. I turned back, confused. "I wasn't trying to throw you out by paying you," he said. "Why don't you stick around and hang out for a little while? It's not that late."

I glanced at the clock on the wall. It was already after midnight. I wasn't sure what his game was. "Umm...I should go," I said, taking another step toward the door. "My mom will wonder where I am."

"Oh, there's no need for her to worry. You're here safe with me." He flashed that Hollywood smile again and I felt the warmth going into my stomach again. He waved me over and patted the cushion next to him.

I don't know why I went over there. His blue eyes were pulled me like a magnet. I felt my feet carrying me to the couch, and before I knew it, I was sitting down on it. I sat down on the far end away from him.

He made small talk with me and periodically changed the TV channel before settling on an action movie. Talking with him made me feel mature. He was so refined and charming. It's not that my boyfriend was overly immature, but most of the conversations I had with him were about sports, or video games, or something silly that had happened at school. And in high school, it seemed like something silly happened every day. I craved more from a relationship than being regaled with tales about cafeteria food fights.

When the movie went off, I decided it was getting way late. "I should probably go now, my mom will freak if I'm not home soon." Before I had a chance to get up, Mr. Jennings slid over on the couch until he was right next to me. He placed his hand on my thigh, which made me freeze.

"Just a little longer," he said. "It's not even 1:00 am yet. In any event, I should drive you home. You shouldn't be walking alone this time of night. Give me a couple more minutes to finish sobering up and I'll take you." His fingers were gently squeezing my thigh. His scent wafted up to my nose again, making the room spin. My throat felt dry, but I managed to speak.

"Umm...it's just that, we have church in the morning and we-aiyeeee!" I yelped when I felt his hand slide higher up my leg. He leaned in closer and I could feel his warm breath on my skin. I hoped he couldn't see how fast I was breathing.

"Oh, I'm sorry," he said, looking down at his hand but making no effort to remove it. "I hope I'm not making you nervous."

"No, you're not, I just...umm...no, I'm fine." My brain was becoming hazy.

"That's good, because I really enjoy talking to you. It makes me feel young again." He slid his hand higher on my thigh, his fingertips now just inches from my pussy. I avoided screaming out again by biting down on my lower lip. "It's such a shame that your boyfriend is out of town this weekend. You must be feeling really lonely." All I could do was nod as I gazed into his blue eyes. "If I was your boyfriend, I would've taken good care of you before I left."

"Umm...what would you have done?" I said, my voice strained and barely audible.

He leaned in closer until his lips were almost touching my face. My body shivered as I felt his breath on my ear. "I would've fucked you silly and left you begging for more," his voice was a whisper.

My mouth fell open but no words came out. I knew things were spiraling out of control, but I couldn't move. Between the heat coming from his body and his hand stroking my thigh, I felt paralyzed.

His tongue flicked my earlobe and my entire body shuddered. My hand clamped down over his hand and I had to struggle to keep from moving it to my pussy. When I didn't voice a protest, he kissed the edge of my ear and then sucked my earlobe between his lips. My eyelids fell shut and I let out a low moan. I knew I shouldn't be letting him do this, but it felt too good.

He tipped his head and his mouth shifted into the crook of my neck. I leaned my head in the opposite direction to give him better access. When I did, he gently nibbled my neck, sending a jolt of electricity down my spine. He worked his mouth from my jaw to my collarbone, nibbling and kissing. My breathing had become so rapid and shallow I thought I was going to pass out.

He shifted closer to me on the couch until our legs were touching. When he did, he swiveled his head around and placed his lips against mine. I moved my right hand to the back of his head and pulled his face in tighter, kissing him back. He slipped his tongue into my mouth and I flicked mine across his. Time seemed to stand still as we explored each other's mouths.

He freed his hand from my thigh and slipped it below the edge of my t-shirt. I moaned against his lips as I felt his hand on my bare stomach. His hand traveled up until it reached the bottom edge of my bra. It lingered there as if he was trying to decide whether he should go higher. I responded by bringing my left hand up to join my right hand on the back of his head and tried to inhale his face.

His fingers flicked at the skin of my ribcage before he slipped them beneath my bra cup and onto the soft underside of my left breast. I moaned again as he tentatively massaged my flesh with his fingertips.

He may have been drunk on alcohol, but I was drunk with lust. I released his head and moved my hands to the back of my bra, not breaking our kiss. I quickly unfastened it then reached forward and lifted the bra cups up over my breasts.

He slid his hand up and palmed my full breast. I shuddered when his palm passed over my sensitive nipple. He pushed his tongue deeper into my mouth while dragging his hand back and forth over my breast. His smooth skin was wreaking pleasurable havoc on the hard nub.

I opened my eyes when he broke the kiss. I moaned and closed them again when his mouth went to my neck. He kissed and sucked the skin, making me writhe on the couch. I was soaking wet. He kissed his way down my neck and onto the collar of my t-shirt. At the same time, he used his free hand to raise the bottom of my shirt while his other hand continued to massage my breast.

In the back of my mind I knew I'd already gone way too far, but I was powerless to stop him. He continued raising my shirt until I felt the cool air of the living room on my chest. He removed his hand from my breast as his mouth moved down over my skin. He kissed down over the swell of my bare breast until he reached my nipple.

When he swirled his tongue over my nipple, I let out a low scream and grabbed the back of his head, pulling it tight into my breast. He moved his hand up under my arm and began gently squeezing my other breast. I lowered my head and kissed the top of his head, inhaling the scent of his shampoo as he sucked my nipple.

After a few moments, he shifted his mouth to my other breast. My wet nipple felt cold in the living room air, but he quickly placed his hand over it. He grazed his teeth over my other nipple and I slid my butt down on the couch cushion, the pleasure almost more than I could handle. His tongue whipped back and forth quickly, sending waves of pleasure down through my chest and directly to my clit.

As if sensing it, he moved his hand from my breast to the front of my jeans. I grabbed the back of his hand and made a half-hearted attempt to remove his hand, but he pushed my hand away. He unfastened the button on my jeans and slid down the zipper. I dropped my head back against the couch as his hand slipped into my jeans and onto the waistband of my panties.

His fingers traveled back and forth tracing the waistband. As wrong as I knew this all was, I needed his touch. I spread my legs wide and arched my hips toward his hand. Taking the cue, he slipped his fingers into the waistband. They traveled through the trimmed hair above my pussy and continued south. They kept going until they settled over my shaved lips. His fingers slid easily over my wet folds. He was teasing me by steering clear of my clit. I began rotating my hips trying to get him to touch it, but every time he got close, he shifted his fingers away.

His mouth on my nipple and his fingers teasing my pussy were driving me wild. I was moaning in time with every flick of his tongue. Despite the cool air of the room, my skin was hot and prickly all over.

Just when I didn't think I could take any more, he dipped his finger between my lips. I kicked out my legs and clamped my hand down over his. He ignored me and plunged his finger into me to the knuckle. As he brought it out, he rubbed his hand against my clit making me cry out. He pressed his finger back into me and began to saw it in and out of my pussy. I threw my head back against the couch and let him work my body over.

He continued to finger fuck me, adding a second finger to join the first. I started to raise my hips to hump back against his fingers. My legs trembled each time my clit brushed against his hand. I could feel a wave building between my legs. Tremors from it rolled up through my chest and up through my neck. My orgasm was coming and it was coming on strong.

By this point I was practically bouncing my ass on the couch as I ground myself against his hand. I could feel my pussy juice leaking out all over it. His fingers suddenly stopped moving and he pulled his hand out of my panties. At the same time, he removed his mouth from my breast. My eyes flew open.

"No, wait, why'd you stop?" My chest was heaving and my voice was raspy.

He smirked at me but didn't speak. Instead, he got up from the couch and stood in front of me. I furrowed my brow in confusion until he reached out for the waist of my jeans and began to tug them down. My conscience screamed out at me from the far edge of my pre-orgasmic mind.

When he had pulled my jeans down to my knees, I put my hands over his. "We can't...this is so wrong. We shouldn't." But even as I spoke, I couldn't think of a good argument as to why we shouldn't and loosened my grip on his hands. When I did, he continued sliding my jeans down my legs. He pulled them over my ankles and off my feet. He hooked his thumbs into the waistband of my panties and began sliding them down.

When he got my panties down to my knees, my conscience protested again. "No, wait, your wife is upstairs. We can't do this," I said breathlessly. I tried to sound convincing but my voice was dripping with desire.

He slid up my body and kissed me once on the lips then kissed me on the earlobe. I closed my eyes and silently willed him to stop even though I didn't really want him to. "She's asleep," he whispered. As if this justified what we were doing, I hugged him against my body and shifted my face to kiss him. I kissed him long and deep and ground my exposed pussy against the front of his pants. I could feel his hard cock through the thin fabric which only made me more desperate to feel it inside of me.

He gently broke free of my embrace and continued sliding my panties off. He dropped them onto floor at the front of the couch next to my jeans. He scooted forward on his knees and placed his head between my legs. I looked down at him and made eye contact with him just before he ran his tongue up my slit. I cried out and slammed my eyes shut. My hands went to his head and I tried to guide him as he began to tongue my pussy. My butt came up off the couch as I pushed my pussy against his face, smearing my juice around his mouth.

My orgasm raced toward me at full force as he slipped his tongue back and forth between my lips, fucking me with it. "Oh God yes!" I said over and over as I peaked. My toes curled and I flexed my feet as my orgasm began to take me over. He pressed his tongue flat against my clit and skated it back and forth, sending ripples of pleasure across my hips. The ripples rolled down the backs of my legs and then back up through my torso.

"Oh yes! Eat me! Eat me! Don't stop! Oh fuck!" I cried out as he licked my pussy through my orgasm. My entire body was shaking like a leaf. I had his hair balled up in my fists and was probably close to ripping it out by the roots. I was seeing stars behind my eyes and it felt like I couldn't get enough air.

Only when my orgasm began to subside did I loosen my grip on his hair. He gave my pussy a couple more slow licks that made me my hips shake. He worked his body up along mine until we were face to face. His mouth was shiny and wet with my pussy juice.

"You look worn out," he said, grinning.

Even though he'd made me cum hard, I didn't intend to leave until I'd had his cock in me. I reached beneath him and grabbed at it through his pants. He leaned forward and kissed me. The tangy flavor of my pussy flooded my mouth. It wasn't the first time I'd tasted myself.

Mr. Jennings stood up and unbuckled his belt. I licked my lips as I watched him drop his pants to reveal a pair of black silk boxers. They were struggling to contain his cock, which was tented out in front of him, stretching the material. He dropped his underwear and his hard cock sprang free. I could immediately tell he was longer and thicker than my boyfriend's. I licked my lips again and sat up on the couch.

I reached out for it and wrapped my hand around the shaft. The skin was hot against my palm, like it had been dipped in molten lava. I slowly stroked my hand along his length, watching the skin slide back and forth. I could hear him groaning above me. The head was full and round and begging to be sucked. I leaned forward and stuck out my tongue but Mr. Jennings stopped me by putting a hand on my shoulder.
