 Several years ago, I worked for a small magazine publishing company as a managing editor. I was only 23, fresh out of college. I made life-long friends there almost immediately. One of them was a uniquely attractive girl named Gina. 

One afternoon, about 15 minutes until 5pm, Gina came to my cubicle and asked my plans for the night. 

"Nothing really - eat, masturbate, shower, and then off to bed." 

Gina was a tiny, skinny, brown-haired girl who usually wore black business suits to work, but with a very open mind. She had a very unusual look, one that not every guy was attracted to. It was very Eastern European, almost boyish. I always felt comfortable making sexually charged jokes because I knew she would never take them personally. 

She laughed at my reply.

"Well I'd like to help you with that, but one of the interns is having a small party. But she lives an hour away. Would you still like to come?"

I thought for a minute, realizing today was a Wednesday, and I would have to be at work the next day by 7:30am. 

"Sure. Why not? But do you think it's possible to sleep over in case it gets too late?" 

Gina had already asked the intern the same question. "Sure, it's fine."

Thirty minutes later, I was still trying to finish editing a piece of copy. 

Gina poked her head in my cubicle. "Come on! We're going to be late as it is!" 

She was wearing a plain black pants-suit with a white blouse - very bland. But somehow, she looked incredibly hot to me. Though she was 3 years older than me, she still looked 18 or 19.

I had been out with Gina and her boyfriend before. Let's just say, Gina was a hellcat...full of crazed passion and a less-than-reasonable decision-making ability. 

One night, a few weeks ago, we'd all decided to go out. Gina had a friend she wanted me to meet. It was barely 1am when we lost sight of girls.

We were all very drunk, so we waited a bit longer than we probably should have.

I didn't know James very well at all. But from the look on his face, this was not the first time Gina had disappeared.

After 30 minutes of searching, we tried her cell phone. No answer. We went back to the parking lot to call the police. It was a dark lot, with very few cars. 

As we turned into the alley, we headed toward the place where James had parked. Immediately, we spotted some guy in a suit, apparently thrusting his crotch at something inside. Puzzled, James started to run toward his car. I followed. What we found still sends chills up my spine. 

There was the guy, a tall, muscular black dude, standing near the car with his trousers down around his knees, fucking the girl Gina had asked me to double date with, doggy-style if I remember correctly. She had her creamy-white ass perched up in the air, with her knees in the driver's seat. She was taking it like a champ. I could hear her muffled moaning as the guy pounded her recklessly. 

James, having arrived unnoticed at the passenger's side window, screamed, "Gina, what the fuck are you doing!" 

I glanced through the tinted windows to see Gina with her pants and panties around her ankles, on her back with her head against the passenger window. Her exposed crotch was perched over the gear shifter, with Michelle's face buried between her legs. She was smoking a cigarette. 

Her face tense, I could hear her talking softly, but couldn't make out the words.

At the sound of Jame's voice, she whirled around, losing her cigarette in the process. She righted herself, opened the passenger door, and leaped out of the car, pulling her underwear and pants up along the way. 

She ran toward James, "I'm so sorry...I didn't have any part in this. I didn't do anything. We couldn't find you and I didn't know what to do." 

At the same time, the guy in the suit, pulled out and started to run. The other girl righted herself and pulled her panties and her short skirt back on. I was still standing at the back of the car trying not to laugh, as the suit guy ran past me. I heard him zip his pants as he darted into the alley next to us.

James screamed harshly at Gina, "Did he touch you? Did you fuck him?" 

"No of course not!", Gina said. "Michelle met him in the bar. I was waiting for you! But you didn't show, so I walked back to the car! They've been at it for 20 minutes, so I sat down and waited. Where have you been?" 

James screamed even louder, "Goddammit, she was eating your pussy! I can't believe that slut! I guess she'll have another visit to the abortion clinic coming up!" 

Michelle heard this. "Fuck you!"

James yelled at Michelle, "Did he touch Gina?"

"No, just me", Michelle replied calmly.

Needless to say, the night took a turn for the worse. James quickly ran to the driver's side of the car, grabbed Michelle by her wrist and flung her out of the seat. Staggering, she slipped a bit, but didn't fall to the ground. I noticed she was missing a shoe, and both of her large breasts were hanging out of her blouse. 

James got into the car, and I heard the engine roar to life.

Moments later, Gina pulled the seat back and motioned for me to get in. I could tell she was upset. Since they were my ride, I headed for the car to find my place in the back seat. I was not looking forward to the ride to my car.

In an instant, James slid over, grabbed Gina's arm and yelled, "Get in the fucking car!"

Gina fell into the passenger's seat, and James took off, tires squealing, the passenger door still opened. In an instant, they were gone.

Michelle and I stood there together, as the car drove out of sight. 

She turned to me, her blouse properly buttoned now."Need a ride home?"

She was very attractive, in a Jewish porn-star kind of way. Short, curly, black hair that went down to her shoulders, with creamy-white skin, a huge rack and a soft, round ass. Though, she wore too much make-up. She had on a short, black skirt, a sleeveless black top, with high-heeled shoes. She was indeed fuckable. But she had showed little interest in me. 

I didn't want to pay for a cab, so I agreed, "Sure." 

"Where do you live?", she asked as we began to walk toward her car. 

"My car is only six or seven blocks from here."

We found her car in the same parking lot, and got in. She turned the key and the car sprang to life. "Where?", she asked. 

I gave her the directions to where I had met James and Gina earlier. She squealed off. 

She turned onto the avenue and headed toward the street where I'd parked. I asked, "Did you know that guy?". 

"Nope."

Being in the same car with her and replaying the memory of her being fucked by some stranger caused me to become very erect. I tried to hide it, but she noticed it almost immediately. I saw her grin out of the corner of my eye. 

"Are you OK?", she asked. 

"Yeah, I'm fine." 

As we turned onto another street, I pointed to my silver Honda which was situated next to a light pole on the right side of the street. She pulled up to the car. 

I thanked her and reached for the door handle. But before I could open the door, she put her right hand on my knee.

"Hey, I'm sorry about tonight. I was a little drunk." 

I took a deep breath."Hey, we're not dating or anything. You can do what you want." 

She stared at me blankly. A second later her hand was making its way up my leg, under my cargo shorts. She touched my penis through my boxers with two of her fingers. My cock twitched. 

"I knew it!", she squealed. She continued feeling the length of it. "Wow, not bad." 

"Not as big as that guy", I said laughing.

At that, she slowly removed her hand. "You want to go someplace?". 

"Where?", I asked. 

She grinned at me again. "My place is only 5 minutes from here."

I turned my head, looking at my car, and smiled. As I took my hand off the door-handle, she put the car in drive, and we took off.

Within minutes, we were parked next to her apartment. We got out, and made it to her building. She punched in the code, and led me inside. It was getting later, and I was thankful I didn't have to work tomorrow.

Inside, she immediately headed toward her bathroom. Before closing the door behind her, she peeked her head outside. "Make yourself at home." I sat down on the sofa. 

Her apartment was a shabby, one-bedroom on the first floor of a 6-story brick building full of college kids.

About 5 minutes later, she returned wearing powder blue soffe shorts and a thin, white, sleeveless t-shirt. I could see her nipples through the thin fabric.

She sat down beside me, and produced a half-smoked joint. She lit it, took a small draw, and handed it to me. I helped myself, a few times. She finished it off, and extinguished it in the ashtray on a cheap-looking coffee table. Then she turned to me. 

She leaned in and roughly grabbed my face. Our lips met and she plunged her tongue inside my mouth. Shocked, I reciprocated. Then she started kissing my neck. Taking off my shirt, she sucked on my chest and made a sticky, saliva trail down my belly to my shorts. She unbuttoned my shorts, pulled them down a bit, and got on her knees. 

My cock flipped out and smacked her on the nose. We both giggled as she steadied it with her right hand. 

Vigorously, she shoved it in her mouth, sliding it up and down, looking at me the whole time. It was half pleasure, and half teeth, but I didn't mind. I hadn't had a BJ in more than 3 months. 

She pulled it out, with a thin line of pre-cum clinging to her bottom lip. She tongued the tip for a few seconds, then gobbled it up again, sucking me hard for about 3 or 4 minutes. 

All I could think of was her being fucked hard by a stranger in Jame's car, and sucking Gina's clit. I pictured from memory Gina's small, neatly trimmed pussy through the tinted glass, with Michelle's face buried deep between Gina's legs. Her small breasts and thin arms holding onto the dash as Michelle wrapped her lips around her small opening.

My shyness vanished as I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her off my cock. I couldn't wait any longer. 

"Ooh, that's right", she said seductively. She pulled my hand away from her hair, and grabbed both my hands, pulling me up. 

I reached down to my pants, pulled out my wallet and produced an unopened condom. I dropped my wallet, walked out of my pants and followed her into the only bedroom. 

She turned around beside her bed, and started to take off her shorts. She folded her knees under her ass and sat on the bed, motioning for me to follow. 

She was wearing a black thong under those shorts - the same thong I'd seen back at Jame's car. She hadn't worn a bra that night. 

By this time, the weed was really starting to loosen me up. I put my knees down on the bed, my cock pointing straight at her. I ripped open my condom package and placed the contents on the tip of my cock. I slid it down carefully covering my shaft. 

She grabbed my arms and pulled me on top of her, kissing me hard. I could taste the foul brew of alcohol, cigarette smoke, and weed on her breath. 

I pulled away, rose to me knees, and grabbed my cock. I guided it toward her already loosened pussy. It slid in with no problem, a first for me. I'm not as well hung as some guys, but the girth of my cock more than makes up for my 7-inches. 

She was already wet, sopping wet. I plunged inside her. She gave a low moan and wrapped her legs around me tightly. I put my face down beside hers, away from her foul breath, and started fucking her deep and slow. Her moans and groans were making me harder and harder. The cheap bed-frame made a creaking metallic sound as we fucked. 

For about 10 minutes, I desperately fucked her, without even looking at her. She arched her back, following my thrusts. She whispered in a deep smoker's voice, "Keep fucking me hard." 

I quickened my pace, feeling by balls slap her pussy. Suddenly, she tensed, and held her breath. I kept my quick pace, but fucked her deeper than before. She moaned loudly and whimpered, "Oh God...I want to cum." 

Her voice was faint, as if she were half asleep. And then she groaned, let out her breath and whimpered again. "Oh shit...I'm cumming."

She shuttered halfheartedly for about 10 seconds and collapsed. Her legs loosened their grip and her arms fell slowly to her side. I kept plowing into her. 

Seconds later, she went limp, but I kept up my pace. After a few seconds more, I stopped. I raised my head and looked at her face. Her eyes were closed. 

"Michelle!" No answer. 

"Michelle, are you asleep?", I asked in a disappointed voice. 

Her eyes slowly opened and she smiled. In a faint, slurring voice, she said, "Sorry...I'm so tired." 

Then, without warning, she passed out - still smiling. 

"What a bitch", I thought. I lifted my arm and gently smacked her face, "Michelle, wake up. I'm not done." 

No response. 

She was still breathing, but she was finished. I pulled out, and headed for the bathroom. 

Once there, I splashed some water on my face. After drying my eyes, I noticed an opened bottle of pills sitting on the sink. The prescription read "Valium", and it was half empty. "No wonder she's out", I said. I took off my condom, and stared sullenly at my quickly softening penis. 

I walked back to her bedroom. She was still unconscious. I sat down next to her on the bed, pulled her face toward me, and gave her another light smack on the cheek. "Michelle!."

Nothing. She began to snore.

After a few minutes of careful consideration, I decided to finish what she'd started. I reached over and took off her t-shirt. Her arms fell lifelessly to her side. Her creamy-white breasts were huge, with tiny nipples, still hard from earlier. 

I felt my cock coming back to life, as a licked and sucked each one. I worked her nipples between my teeth, sliding them back and forth. They hardened in my mouth. I rose and resumed by previous position.

I reached down, flipped her on her stomach, and pulled her ass up in the air. As she continued to snore, I placed two fingers into her now gaping snatch. No response. I continued fingering her, now with four fingers, hoping for some lubrication. Nothing.

My cock was now at full attention, but I was out of condoms. No protection, no lube, and a passed out slut. Putting aside my concerns, I spat on my hand and applied my warm saliva to her pussy. 

Balancing her ass and legs, I entered her again. I wasted no time. I fucked her hard and fast.

After about 30 seconds, I heard her moan with pleasure. I called her again. "Michelle!"

No response. 

I kept fucking her doggy-style, my hands holding her soft buttocks steady as my balls slapped against her muff. I pulled myself almost all the way out, and plunged violently in again. I did this for what seemed like an hour, getting faster with each stroke. I was close to coming when I remembered Jame's words earlier about another trip to the abortion clinic. 

Pulling out, I spit on my hand again. I grabbed my cock, lubricated it, and pushed it against her tiny anus. Still no response. I haphazardly worked it inside her ass. 

I started fucking her ass. I watched my cock appear and reappear as it stretched her. I was on the verge of coming in only a few minutes. 

As my load surged, I grabbed her ass tighter, and plowed her deeper. I grunted and heaved as I exploded inside of her. The cum lubricated the walls of her rectum as I pumped her again and again. Filling her ass, it seeped out between my cock and her anus, spilling onto the bed. 

Finished, and emptied, I pulled out. Her anus was now red and gaping, still full of my semen. Still nothing from Michelle. 

I got off the bed, letting go of her hips. She fell loosely on her side, and began snoring again. 

I left the bedroom, and got into my clothes. As I left her building, I could see the sun was now visible over the horizon. I checked my cell phone: 6:34am. 

Gathering my bearings, I found my car only about a 15 minute walk from her apartment. 

Arriving home, I walked in, headed straight to my bed and collapsed. I fell into a deep, satisfying sleep. 

Several hours later, I awoke to my cell phone ringing. I ignored it. A few seconds later, the phone beeped again, indicating someone had left a message. 

After a few minutes of stretching, I got up and made some eggs. I ate them quickly.

I tossed the paper plate on the floor and fell on my couch. In a few minutes, I was asleep again.

The next day, Monday, I was heading for work. As I sat in morning traffic, I took out my cellphone and checked the time. The flashing icon reminded me of the new message I had ignored yesterday. I called my voice-mail, and punched in the password. 

It was Gina. "I'm sorry about the other night. I hope you got home okay. Call me."

I arrived at work 15 minutes early. I flipped open my laptop and checked my company email. The first message was from Gina. 

"Are you okay?", it read. "Find me when you get to work." 

The office was still empty, except for a few interns seated in the bullpen - the place we all gather to review proofs. I made my way to Gina's cubicle. 

She was sitting on her desk looking over a proof of a magazine cover. She was wearing a gray dress with a sleeveless, white button up. Her feet were resting in her chair. 

I undressed her with my eyes, imagining again her cute, trimmed muff, and her skinny freckled thighs. 

I surprised her, "Hey you." 

"Good morning!", she said. 

"Yes, it is a good morning."

She cut right to the chase. "I'm glad you're alright. What happened to you Saturday night?"

"Michelle gave me a ride to my car." 

"Did she?", she replied dramatically. 

"Yes...she did. What's your problem?" 

A smile began to creep over her face. 

"Well, we had a stop-over", I said reluctantly. 

"Yeah, that's what she said".

"What did she tell you?", I asked. 

"She said you rocked her world. And she wants us to go out again soon." 

"Really?"

"Did she tell you any details?", I asked.

"Oh yeah."

"Like what exactly?."

"She said you fucked her until she passed out. Then you fucked her ass." 

Shocked at Gina's blunt answer, I immediately began to blush. I looked around to see if anyone was around to hear about my escapades. 

Gina laughed hysterically, then asked, "Is that true?" I blushed harder, smiled, and headed back to my cubicle.