  This work is copyrighted to the author and the Unfaithful Wife Organisation © 2003. Please don't remove the author information or make any changes to this story. All rights reserved. Thank you for your consideration.

----------------------------------------

Authors Note: I was asked if I could write a story about a bachelor party. I wasn’t sure but after thinking about it more I came up with the idea of a bachelor party that becomes a last fling, after all if the boys can be naughty, why can’t the girls? Of course I had to try and add a twist. The story is in four parts, follow the links to navigate (learnt that word in a web magazine), Intro, Friday, Saturday Morning, Saturday Evening and finally Sunday and the Epilogue 

----------------------------------------

Intro 

The calendar had become a countdown; each day circled was a day nearer to her wedding. The big red blob around the 21st June signified the day, the day she’d cease being plain old Jane Fellows and become Mrs. Robert McCloud. It was now; Jane paused and mentally counted down using some virtual fingers, fifteen days.

Fifteen days.

She rolled over and kissed the half awake Robert on the mouth, slowly he started to kiss her back and then she felt his hand on her belly and her legs began to drift apart.

Fourteen days.

Robert announced that his sister, Tara, was coming to London and that Tara wanted to meet her. Jane grimaced, she’d heard enough from Robert to know that she wouldn’t like Tara, but she understood enough about life to realise that in marrying Robert then she was marrying into his family. 

She had met his parent’s only a few weeks when they’d visited on the announcement of their engagement. Even that had been traumatic and she had cried and cursed Robert that night. He had never said that his father was the clan chief and that he Robert was the heir.

Jane had been horrified to discover that the mild mannered man she’d lived with this past twelve months was the heir apparent to a Scottish title and that meant that she would be the clan chief’s wife!

“Why didn’t you say something?” She snapped as soon as they were alone. She was furious and the passion she usually channelled towards her work and relationships was suddenly pointed in his direction.

“The usual reason.” He said defensively.

“Usual? What the fucks usual?” Jane exploded. “What else haven’t you told me, another wife? Children? You’re an axe murderer?” She was actually shaking with the hurt, the show of distrust that he’d made. If he kept secrets from her now how about after they were married?

“I’ve found that to say I’m the son of a laird attracts some girls and frightens others. So I started never saying anything and until I met you it had worked. When I should have said it had all gone on so long that I didn’t know how?” He replied somewhat pathetically.

“You thought that I was a gold digger?” Jane found herself almost screeching.

“Something like that … not you, girls in general. I wanted you to love me for my sake and not a title.” He shrugged and then sat down looking miserable. “I didn’t mean it to be a secret, honestly.” He looked as pathetic as he sounded, like the dog she’d had as a kid.

“Come to bed, and afterwards I demand to know everything.” She offered him her hand which he gratefully accepted.

An hour later Jane understood that not only was she marrying Robert McCloud, but she was almost marrying into the McCloud clan, a real honest to goodness Scottish clan complete with ancestral home and clan tartan.

“Nothing will change until my father passes on the title … I hope not for many years … and then we’ll be expected to move to the ancestral pile with its Stone Age plumbing.” Robert added after plying Jane with another drink.

Jane said nothing, sipped her drink and just wondered where her life was leading her … and then there was Tara …”

“Tell me about your sister again.” She asked, raising herself on her elbow, the quilt fell away and she displayed her nakedness towards him.

“Tara … named after a character in an old TV series; apparently my father had the hots for her … what can I say, she’s straight out of a girls private school, very strict and ever so slightly upper crust.” Robert glanced at Jane. “I can’t think of anything that you have in common, except me.”

“What will she expect to do?” Jane asked wearily, love wasn’t always easy. Relationships that lasted weeks or months could always use a fuck as an outlet for frustrations, when you went for the long run then you had to have something other than hormones as a pacifier. 

“There I don’t know. We aren’t that close, either I was away at school or she was, or I was off to university and then the city, either way I doubt if I’ve spent more than a few days with her in years. So, you’ll just have to improvise.”

Ten days.

Friday

Improvise. Easier said from done, but now Tara was in the lift with Robert and a moment later she’d be here, in the apartment she shared with Robert. Jane found the need to visit the bathroom again and when she returned to the lounge they were there and she cringed because the sound of the toilet refilling was plain to hear.

Standing next to Robert the family resemblance was clear. The same chestnut brown hair, Tara’s looked like a mismanaged mane, the same thin pale features accentuating the mouth, even the same quirky smile. They could have been cloned rather than just brother and sister.

“Jane, this is my sister Tara, Tara this is your soon to be sister in law, Jane.” Robert moved easily between the two women as if he’d done this a thousand times before.

“Jane, I have heard so much about you, it was about time that we met.” She offered Jane a limp hand in greeting. She looked about thirty, give or take a year.

“Nice to meet you.” Jane said just touching the proffered hand. She resisted the temptation to curtsey. She was surprised by Tara’s accent, Roberts still contained a soft Scottish brogue, but Tara had an almost transatlantic lilt to hers. It was almost smoky and very seductive.

“Whilst we were driving over Tara said that she’d booked a meal, just for the two of you.” Robert continued.

“Italian, you do eat Italian I hope?” Tara added.

Jane looked helplessly from one to the other. She had hoped that Robert would have hung around and not left her with this complete stranger but he was acquiescing to her sister’s demands without the slightest obvious resistance. He gave Jane a chaste kiss on the cheek and departed without another word. She had wanted more; after all she wouldn’t see him again until Monday. She had two days and three nights to entertain Tara and she was dreading every second.

It had been arranged this way, whilst Tara was in London then Robert would first visit his parents and then go to Dublin with some old friends, an extended drinking binge masquerading as a bachelor party. Robert had urged Jane to have the same but she had few real friends and frankly shuddered at what might happen to her on a bachelor night out, so she had settled for a meal with her friends and now this enforced weekend with his family. 

Tara crossed to the window and watched until Robert had driven away. “He’s such a dear, but we can’t talk girl to girl with him around … can we? Now I would love a shower and a place to change, then we can talk.” From her holdall she produced a bottle of Italian Chianti wine. “Just let it breathe for a few minutes, figured if we’re eating Italian then we might as well drink Italian.” 

Either Robert’s description of her sister was false or Tara was putting on an act, what ever Jane couldn’t find anything to dislike. She opened the wine whilst Tara showered and washed her hair, to emerge wearing Roberts’s dressing gown, her hair a tangled mass.

“Is this apartment yours?” She asked accepting the wine glass.

“Ours.” Jane answered defensively. “We’ll stay here until we start a family.”

Tara smiled and silently toasted Jane before saying. “Aunt Tara sounds funny.”

“I’m not pregnant!” Jane blurted out.

“I wasn’t suggesting that you were! Please Jane, we are all but family and the nearest I’ll ever get to a real sister; I never meant to offend you. This is as difficult for me as it is for you.” She sat down at the dinner table. “Now unless you take hours to change we have about half an hour to finish this wine and then get ready.”

Over the course of the next thirty minutes Jane discovered that Tara was married to Duncan (very Scottish sounding) and they had two children, Alistair was six and Fiona was four (again very Scottish sounding thought Jane.). “Married at twenty two and a mother by my next birthday.” She laughed and Jane mentally worked out that Tara was about thirty, which meant she was Roberts’s elder sister. 

They changed for the restaurant, Jane couldn’t help but notice that two children or not Tara still had her figure and she was dressing in a very un-motherly way. Panties, black and sheer, hold up stockings (again black and sheer), a matching and yes, a black brassiere which pushed up her boobs. Finally she slid into a midnight blue dress that seemed to flow as she walked. Tara looked as if she’d dressed to pull and Jane felt very dowdy in comparison.

Still she rallied to the challenge and decided to wear Roberts favourite underwear, as white and sheer as Tara’s was black and sheer, body coloured stockings and her favourite red and black dress. It had been chosen by Robert and was Jane’s best and most expensive. Still she couldn’t help but feel that she looked like the poor relation and perhaps she was. Jane had no idea where the wealth in the family was, with Robert’s father or Tara’s husband.

If Tara thought that she said nothing. “On last thing, this night is on the McCloud family, so before we go any further, the only thing you need in your handbag is condoms and spare knickers.”

Jane wasn’t sure how much of that was just for fun, she was starting to have a strange feeling about the evening. Tara was beginning to act like somebody let off the lead.

The restaurant was small and when Jane saw the prices, she also knew that it was expensive. She and Robert preferred more public and modern places. Tara took control, ordering more wine and suggesting the order and range of the meals. Jane just smiled and let her. It was Tara’s money and her show, Jane resolved that she simply go with the flow.

“Does he give you satisfaction?” A slightly tipsy Tara asked suddenly.

“Pardon?” Jane wasn’t quite sure if she’d heard Tara correctly.

“Does he fuck well, my brother, how do you rate him against your other boyfriends?”

“I … err … that’s a rather personal question actually.” It was the kind of question that Jane had never thought of, what kind of sister asked how well her brother performed in bed, still Jane managed to rally and reply.

Tara sniffed and looked around the half deserted restaurant before whispering conspiratorially. “Trade you, secret for secret. I’ll start and tell you one and then you tell me one back … deal?”

“I don’t know … I mean what sort of secrets?” Jane asked warily. She’d matched Tara glass for glass and was just as drunk.

“How old you were when you first did it …I was seventeen, how about you?”

“The same.” Jane conceded. She felt as if Tara was railroading her, but she still answered. It was hardly the most intimate of secrets.

And so it started, the trading of private information, first orgasm, first oral sex, favourite position, weirdest moment … then Tara asked. “How many lovers … I had five before I married …”

“Beat you!” Said a now more than tipsy Jane. “Eight, including your brother.” She grinned wildly. This was titillating and with her inhibitions loosened by the alcohol Jane was just beginning to feel what she called frisky.

“Five before I married and nine since.” Tara finished as if Jane had never spoken. “And before tonights out I’d like to get into double figures.”

Jane tried hard to work out if Tara was joking or not, but when Tara said no more and just stared intently at her Jane decided that Tara was most probably telling the truth. “Are you serious?” She finally whispered.

“About the numbers or tonight?”

“Both I guess.”

“Well I most certainly remember how many men had screwed me; it isn’t something that you forget, unless you fuck with football teams.” She grinned, revealing a perfect set of white teeth. “And as for tonight, if I have the opportunity and you’ll learn that a McCloud never misses an opportunity.” The smile was evil or lecherous. Jane didn’t know which.

“Robert isn’t like that.” She hissed, suddenly furious at Tara’s implication might include Robert.

“No.” Tara thought for a second or two. “You are probably right, he was called the monk at school, his very best friend told me one day … when we were in bed together.” The sparkle in Tara’s was almost dazzling. “Roberts probably the only honest one amongst us.” She stopped talking to drain her drink. “Come on, I need to get laid.”

They cruised, Jane remembered doing this before she’d met Robert and it was strange how easily she slipped back into the pattern of drink, flirt, drink, dance, flirt some more. Tara was more brazen and Jane watched as more than one man had an easy tour of Tara’s buttocks and waist. She seldom put up any resistance.

They ended up in an all night club, neither was quite drunk, but they did have company. The typical bar lizard, they’d hit on the two women as they’d left the last bar and had escorted / lead them onto their current destination. There Jane watched as Tara and her partner, Jane thought that his name was Tim or Tom, exchanged tonsils whilst he was trying to guess the weight of her tits. 

She was distracted by the return of her partner, who she just about remembered called himself Shaun. It wasn’t that Shaun was ugly or deformed; Jane already had her perfect partner … and then Shaun slid his arm around her and Jane felt herself being pulled towards him, before she had formed the negative word he was kissing her.

It was a shock being kissed by another man! Robert was her man body and soul. She sensed a hand stroking her back, hesitating when it encountered the outline of her brazier. She was being touched by another man! Shaun kissed her again, this time trying to force his tongue between her lips. A hand was on her neck, literally holding her in place. 

She found the strength to push away. She was breathing hard and was confused. What was happening, why was she here with a total stranger. She glanced towards Tara who quite obviously didn’t have her inhibitions.

Shaun still had his hand on her wrist. “What’s wrong?” He asked, not angrily. He was as confused as Jane was but for different reasons. He obviously thought that Jane was available.

“I need the bathroom.” Jane found herself saying. She grabbed Tara’s wrist and squeezed hard until he woman noticed the pain above the pleasure.

It was Tara’s turn to look and confused and she did look angry. “What’s wrong?”

Jane just tugged and tugged until a reluctant Tara left the embrace of her partner and followed / was hauled into the ladies toilets. Thankfully the room appeared deserted.

“What’s wrong?” Tara demanded to know. Unconsciously she rubbed the wrist that Jane had squeezed so hard.

“Why are we here? Jane gasped, she felt giddy and short of breath.

“Have a drink, a snog, maybe something more, what else is there?” Tara saw her reflection in the mirror and flicked at her hair. “I thought that you understood?” She looked quizzically towards the other woman.

“You’re talking about having sex with them, aren’t you?” Jane answered.

“Of course, though if I have a preference I’ll have what’s his name and you can have the other … I need a pee.” So saying Tara vanished into the nearest cubicle and soon Jane heard the explosion of her urine into the toilet. The toilet flushed and Tara returned, washing her hands as she inspected her reflection.

“I can’t do this.” Jane said almost too quickly. “I marry your brother in less than two weeks.” She almost implored. “Let’s just clear off, leave them.”

Tara looked at her in a state of almost total confusion. “I don’t understand? You knew all this before we came out, this isn’t just for me, when you marry Robert you’ll be the next Lady McCloud, and do you think you’ll be able to even fart without someone hearing it? Jesus Jane, you have no idea what a tiny, claustrophobic world you’ll be entering! You have to seize chances like this, honestly, take every chance you get, whilst you can.”

Jane realised that Tara was, in her way, being honest and that Tara genuinely believed everything that she was saying.

“Let’s just have a bit of fun? As long as we are together then we’re safe. If I want more, then we’ll cross that bridge when it appears … okay?” Tara continued.

“Okay.” Said a less than convinced Jane.

Once they’d emerged from the toilet Tara had returned to her snogging with her partner and Jane had been left with a less than confident Shaun. They’d just talked mostly but much to Jane’s surprise when Shaun had tentatively kissed her on the cheek then Jane had turned to face him and they had kissed, like kids unsure of what to do, but they’d kissed.

An hour later they landed in a plush Mayfair apartment. Shaun said that it was a company property that he was using whilst he was this side of the pond. Jane needed that explaining as she hadn’t thought of Shaun as being American. It turned out that he was one of those English who earned his living in the corporate world of New York. 

Now they were in this extravagantly opulent apartment and Jane knew where this was leading and much to her surprise and consternation she wasn’t running away. She still felt nothing towards Shaun, not like she felt towards Robert. This was on older, pre Robert Jane that had resurfaced, the college tease, the office lover.

The lounge was huge, big enough to have taken Jane’s and Roberts’s entire apartment with something to spare. There was a huge cinema size television, enormous settee’s, thick carpets, a sound system that would have graced a rock concert. It was … was … Jane sort for the word … decadent, self indulgent, corrupting. It was the place where a rich man brought his Mistress.

From somewhere Tim found a bottle of champagne and popped it. They cheered and filling their glasses toasted each other. As the bubbles trickled down her throat Jane began to think that maybe once more, before her marriage … Jane’s musing were interrupted by the room lights being dimmed. She looked up to once more see Tara folding into Tim’s arms. At least she had no doubts, Tara knew why she was here, and Tara understood the rules of the game. Jane who had lived in London all her life was feeling like the country hick.

“Penny for your thoughts?” Shaun’s quiet voice interrupted her again.

“What? Oh, I was wondering why I’d let myself be talked into being here?” Jane said and then silently cursed herself. She was the country hick.

Shaun just chuckled. “I knew you weren’t as keen as your friend, just my luck to pick the wrong one … sorry, that wasn’t meant to be insulting, it’s just that …”

“Tara and she’s my sister in law or will be in a few weeks.” even as she spoke Jane was cursing herself.

“Tara … so is she getting hitched or you?” Shaun probed, his interest had immediately risen several notches.

Jane didn’t even answer; she just felt the blood rush to her face. It was all the answer that Shaun needed, the smile hardened and the look of a predator spread across his face. 

“Come here.” He caught her fingers, not her hand, just her fingers and slowly drew her towards him, his hold was sp weak that she could have just shaken her wrist and been free of him, but Jane offered no resistance and just as Tara had done with Tim, so Jane found herself in Shaun’s arms and offering her mouth to his.
