 This is part 1 of a three part series. It takes a bit to get going, please be patient. This is my first submission so try to be constructive in the comments. Thanks for reading. 

***** 

Chapter 1 - Dillion 

Dillion was trying to get Kat and Dakota to party, but was having trouble. Dakota kept checking her phone for a message from her fiancé and Kat was yawning behind her hand. The others had gone to bed and she wanted to get Dakota laid before the next morning. Her wedding was in another week and she knew that this was it for Dakota and going out. Her fiancé Sam did not like going to clubs and kept Dakota shut in almost all the time. Dakota had confided that she missed partying some in a moment of weakness. Of course she had backtracked quickly, but Dillion knew that she loved going out. Kat was the maid of honor and had let her help plan this bachelorette trip and after partying in several bars, they had returned to the hotel. Most of their friends and Dakota's relatives had gone to bed, but Dillion had set this up with Kat earlier and they were in the hotel bar now and trying to find someone for Dakota. The problem was, the only men in there were middle-aged businessmen or guys with their wives. Not much of a choice for three women in their early twenties. 

Then he walked in. This guy looked to be six feet tall and filled out his button up shirt wonderfully. He looked muscular and clean cut and perfect. Dillion felt her body react after all the alcohol of the day. She beat down her hormones and thought about how to get him fixed up with Dakota. He moved to a booth along the wall and ordered a minute later. Dillion was watching him as she sipped her wine. Kat yawned again. 

"I think I'm going to bed. This is a waste of time," Kat said after unhinging her jaw. 

"That's fine girl, but wait for me to order first," Dillion said. She could not hide her smile. 

"Uh-oh, what's going on in that devious head of yours?" Kat whispered. 

"See the guy against the wall? Don't stare! Just glance over," Dillion whispered back. 

"Not bad. So?" 

"Just wait a minute and you can go," Dillion responded. 

Dillion waved at the bartender and ordered three shooters as Dakota came out of the restroom. Dakota walked up as the drinks were being poured in front of them. 

"What's this?" Dakota asked. 

"It's a party girl, let's take this up a notch!" Dillion said and hooted loudly. 

Dakota rolled her eyes but nodded and Kat said she did not want hers and was going upstairs. Dillion nodded and looked over at her target. She left Dakota and sauntered over as Kat said goodnight. 

"Hi," Dillion purred. 

"Hi," was the response. Dillion could already see he was shy. 

Dakota made sure she kept eye contact, "listen, we just ordered a round of shooters and my friend is bailing on us. Want to have our extra?" 

The guy looked surprised and she saw his eyes look at the table for a moment. Then as they rose, they moved up her body from her shorts to her tee shirt to finally her face. 

She stuck out her hand, "I'm Dillion." 

"Zach," he said as he took her hand and shook it. 

She noticed that he had a firm touch but did not squeeze painfully like a few men did. Up close he was even hotter and she knew that if Dakota did not want him, she sure did. She led him back to the bar and swung her hips as she did. She knew she was smiling and saw Dakota give her a glare. As she reached Dakota, she held her hand up to ask Dakota not to complain. 

"Dakota, this is Zach," she said and put her hand on his shoulder. It felt like a rock and she felt her breath get heavier. 

"Zach, this is Dakota. She's getting married next week. We're here for her bachelorette party," she said. 

"Oh. Wow. Congratulations," Zach said and offered his hand up to Dakota. 

Dakota shook his hand but did not say anything. Dillion handed out the shooters and started to toast. Zach interrupted and asked what they were drinking. 

"Sex on the beach!" Dillion said and downed hers quickly. 

Zach immediately turned his up and Dakota then did as well. 

Zach and Dillion set their glasses down on the bar at the same time. Dakota took two drinks of hers and then set it down. She got an embarrassed look as she did and Zach smiled at her softly. He said it was all right and Dillion quickly said it was not. 

Dakota grimaced and Dillion called the bartender back over. She asked Dakota to pick the drink and she selected Kamikazes for the three of them. She looked at Zach as she ordered and Dillion grabbed his arm after she did. They drank the second shooter and all three of them slammed down their glasses at once. 

The three of them started talking and Dillion was glad to see Dakota start warming up to Zach a bit. He asked her about her wedding and her fiancé and it was clear that he was not hitting on her at all. Dillion had to keep reminding herself to get Zach and Dakota together. She kept grabbing his arm or smacking him in a playful way. They talked about his job and then theirs all the while taking turns ordering more shooters. 

Zach had a plate of chicken fingers show up and he offered some to both of the ladies. They both said no, but then started stealing his fries almost immediately. Dillion saw him smile at Dakota after grabbing a few and felt a pang of jealousy that she beat down quickly. 

Dillion insisted that he take a turn ordering a round of shooters and was disappointed that he did not order something sexual. He ordered Lemon Drops and she followed him up with Sloe Comfortable Screws. She smiled at his embarrassment and then noticed Dakota smiling at it as well. Another pang popped up and she shook it away again. 

They stayed a while and drank several more rounds. Dillion knew she was drunk and could see that Dakota was even worse than she was. Zach had put them both on stools a while ago and Dakota was leaning on the bar and slurring a good bit. The bartender finally walked up and said that they needed to settle their tab as he would not serve the ladies any more. Zach nodded and Dillion was happy to see him pay most of the bill they had run up. 

She was also excited that he had said he had no girlfriend. Apparently he had broken up with someone after graduating from college and had not been steady with anyone since. Dillion was ready to tackle him and hoped he would come upstairs with her, err them. 

After paying, Dakota had stepped off her stool and almost fallen down. Zach caught her and ended up helping both of them back to Dillion's room. The only thing that kept Dillion off of Zach in the elevator was that he was basically holding Dakota upright. 

In Dillion's room, Zach put Dakota down on the second bed and then asked if he could use the restroom. Dakota nestled into the bed and fell asleep almost immediately. Dillion looked at her and even though she wanted Zach badly, she decided that Dakota should have him since she would be off the market soon. 

So she went over to Dakota and pulled off her clothes. The 'Bride' tee shirt came over her head and then her jean skirt and panties slid down her legs. Once done, she looked at her friend lying naked on the bed and worried that a guy like Zach would not do anything without an open invitation. So Dillion spread Dakota's legs a bit before moving away when the bathroom door opened. 

She looked at Zach when he came back in and saw the naked girl on the bed. He looked at her and she explained. 

"Dakota wanted to have a fling before committing to one guy. She said she hoped that you would..." 

"But she's asleep," Zach said. 

Dillion shrugged her shoulders, not wanting to invite him any further than she had. Then she found herself biting her lip. She knew she did this when she was horny. 

Zach looked at Dakota again and then shook his head. "I can't," he said and started for the door. 

Dillion ran after him and caught his hand on the door handle. She then ducked under his arm and stood between Zach and the door. 

"Well I'm not asleep," Dillion said and leaned up, hoping Zach would kiss her. 

Zach brushed her lips lightly and then reached for the door again. Dillion's body went into high gear. There was no way he was leaving now. She thought about putting her hands around his neck or down on his groin. Instead, she started unbuttoning his shirt. She held his gaze and just barely nodded. She felt her own smile and could not seem to get that sexy look that she wanted. Zach's free hand went to her waist as she glanced at his chest. The shirt was most of the way open and she could not hide her delight. Zach had the six-pack look on his abs and his skin was smooth and silky. Dillion could not help herself. She started kissing his chest all over and then licking his nipples. She always liked when someone did this and hoped he did too. When her tongue first touched his areola, she heard Zach's breath suck in. This emboldened her and she pulled his shirt off as she continued tickling his skin with her tongue. 

Both of Zach's hands were on her waste and she wrapped her arms around him. Dillion was up against him now and could feel the moisture between her legs. God she wanted Zach. She kept kissing and tonguing his chest and soon undid her shorts. Dillion had to move away from Zach a bit and felt him unzipping his pants as well. Her hunger increased as he moved and started pulling her shirt over her head. She flipped her hair once the shirt was off and then looked up at Zach's eyes. She could see his hunger as well now. Dillion pushed down Zach's pants after looking down to keep his penis from getting caught in his boxers. Her eyes went wide as she saw his big member released from its confinement. 

Dillion's shorts had hung onto her hips and she pushed them down as Zach started fondling her breasts. She felt the soft touch of this huge man and felt more secretions from inside her. She never remembered being this turned on. She grasped his member and started her own caress. Their lips and tongues met in rapid succession. Dillion soon felt her breath get ragged and broke the kiss. 

She felt Zach's hands move to her behind and she leapt off the ground and put her legs around his waist. She felt his dick against her lips and she rocked her hips slowly, lubricating his shaft. He heard Zach's breath increase as he licked and nipped at her neck. Her hands were on his shoulders as he held her against the wall under the entry light. His shaft now sliding up and down her slit. Her clit was being massaged by his dickhead and as he continued Dillion felt her body get close to orgasm already. 

"Put it in baby," Dillion moaned. 

Zach's head came up from her neck where he was putting small kisses all over. He looked her in the eye. 

"Not here against the wall like a whore," he said. 

Dillion leaned in to kiss his neck like he had to her. She had always called herself a closet slut and some of her friends thought the closet part was untrue. Being done against this wall sounded great, and even better after he said what he did. She kept quiet though and felt Zach carry her to the bed. He even flipped off the light as he moved into the room so the only light was from the streetlights outside. 

As they got to the edge of the unoccupied bed, Dillion pulled down her legs and Zach let her go. She leaned up and they kissed aggressively once again. As they did, Dillion turned him so that his back was to the bed and pushed him down with a smile. Zach landed hard on the covers and grinned. He pushed himself further onto the bed as Dillion climbed up beside him. She saw his manhood standing up proudly and decided that foreplay was overrated. She threw her leg over his and straddled Zach. She leaned over and reached between her legs as they kissed again. Dillion got him aligned and pushed back onto him. Her wetness allowed for easy entry. A moan escaped Zach as she did and Dillion broke the kiss. She wanted to smile at him, but the stretch of his member closed her eyes. Dillion lowered her head as her orgasm hit. 

Dillion held still for a bit until her breath came back and then started moving her hips slowly. She was leaning over Zach and his tongue reached her nipples, only just barely. The overload from the feelings along with her inebriation took away any inhibition and she started talking to him. 

"God, I love your dick. It's so big," she moaned. 

Zach murmured without coming off of the tit he was sucking on. 

Dillion continued, "Do you like my wet pussy?" 

"Mmm-Hmm," she heard before he switched to her other breast. 

"You can fuck me all night baby," Dillion moaned as she started focusing on the feelings from her loins. 

Her hips were moving faster and she felt herself almost bouncing on his dick. She loved its feeling, but wanted him to do her hard. So Dillion stopped moving and Zach took over with almost no break. He grabbed her hips and started pistoning into her from underneath. Dillion spread her legs a bit more and lowered her groin down until Zach's upstroke was banging into her. She knew that he may cum more quickly, but she needed the contact. 

Zach continued pounding Dillion's privates as she leaned further over him. Her back was up to get the angle she wanted and she felt his grip move from her hips to her ass. Soon his strong hands were pressing her down onto him during his stroke and she could feel his balls bounce up into her. She felt like his fuck-doll and came once more. 

Zach stopped moving as she moaned and started talking to him again. 

"That's so good," she moaned. 

"You're amazing," Zach said softly. 

Dillion smiled at his response. She expected something tawdrier but was delighted at what he had said. She looked into his eyes and kissed him softly. As she broke the kiss, she rose up and he started to move his hips again. She shook her head at him and he stopped. While still impaled on Zach's rod she spun around and faced away from him. She then looked over her shoulder at him while moving her hips. She saw Zach's head go back as she ground her privates on him slowly. She heard the wetness that permeated their connection as much as felt it. 

Soon however, she stopped grinding and started bouncing on him again. Zach groaned loudly and Dillion heard Dakota stir. She knew she should slow down but was too close again to stop. So she put her hands down on the bed between Zach's legs and started bouncing even faster. She could feel the ridge of his helmet slide out of her and then bury back inside again. His dick was so hard now. Soon she heard herself squeaking like she sometimes did when she was getting close. Another few seconds and she felt Zach spurt into her. One, two, three, and then felt him flex multiple times, unloading his precious cargo into her tunnel. Her orgasm had been wonderful, and his sperm felt like icing on a delicious cake. 

Soon Dillion could feel his penis begin to soften inside her and she pulled away from Zach. She turned to see his eyes partially closed in that look guys got when they had a big orgasm. He looked half asleep and she smiled broadly. She moved up over him and kissed him softly. Zach returned her kiss and she loved his fingers gliding down her side, tickling her. Dillion pulled away with a giggle and then nestled in beside him, with his arm around her. 

She kissed his neck and hoped he would stay awake, but also felt her energy leaving as she relaxed. Dillion decided to close her eyes and rest for a few minutes before getting Zack going again for another round. Before she was fully asleep, she heard Zach's breathing and knew he was snoozing.