 A door swung open suddenly, stopping John in his tracks.

He had been deep in thought walking up the flights of stairs to his apartment. The events that had just transpired with Amy in the massage parlor were beginning to feel like a dream.

"Oh! Hi John!"

It was John's neighbor, Olivia. She was beaming at him from her open doorway, holding a garbage bag at her side.

"Hey, Olivia. How have you been?" John replied smiling back at her.

John was always happy to see Olivia. For months after moving into his apartment he would occasionally run into her in the corridors and stairways leading up to their floor. She seemed to always be dressed like she was working out, or maybe just doing laundry. Tight leggings and sports bras left little of her body to the imagination. Sometimes just catching a glimpse of her round ass walking up the stairs ahead of him would be the highlight of John's day.

Eventually John had the nerve to strike up a real conversation with her and they would chat periodically. It was mostly just small talk and pleasantries, until one fateful day when she invited John into her place and they ended up fucking like rabbits.

John still couldn't quite remember what he had done to escalate the situation from small talk to him trying to stuff his oversized prong inside her, the details were a bit of a blur. All he knew is that since that day, he ran into Olivia a lot more frequently.

"I've been pretty good!" Olivia replied. She set her trash down in the threshold of her door and took a step closer to John.

Olivia was a little taller than average, standing only a few inches shorter than John. She wore her light, blonde hair shorter than most women would dare, but she pulled it off perfectly. Her short hair and bright blue eyes matched her perky demeanor. Of course, today she was wearing her signature black yoga pants and a blue tank top. Underneath her breasts were mashed together in a compressing sports bra with a bit of cleavage poking out at the top.

"Hey!" she continued. "You're not slouching like before. Is you back feeling better?"

"Much better." Replied John. "I actually got a massage today and that really helped a lot."

"A massage? Wow! That's great!" Olivia replied. Genuinely excited that her friend was feeling better.

She paused for a moment, looking John up and down. "We should celebrate!" She said "Since you're feeling better!"

"Well I..." John began. His massage experience with Amy was swimming in his head again. He made plans for her to come over tonight and he was very much focused on what was going to happen when they had a whole apartment to themselves.

Olivia kept talking. She had a habit of interrupting people when she got excited and John usually got her pretty excited.

"You know I've really been wanting to get back on that disco stick of yours. I felt bad last time when your back was hurting too badly for us to continue."

John snorted with laughter. Olivia's quirky sense of humor never failed to make him laugh and she seemed to always have a new, funny, name for his dick. She had called it everything from his 'gentleman's sausage' to a 'tower of power'.

"Well I appreciate you taking care of me regardless." John thought back to the last time he and Olivia had fooled around. His back pain was so intense after a few minutes of clumsy fucking that he had to give up and even when she tried to ride him the pain was just to unbearable. Olivia was nice enough to jerk him to completion and help clean him off in the shower. He realized then that although she was a fuck buddy, and not his girlfriend, she did seem to care for him. He shared the same genuine affection for her as well.

"Its never a chore to service that big cock of yours." Olivia's voice lowered into a sultry and seductive tone. She took another step toward him and placed her hand over the bulge in his pants.

John's dick jumped slightly under her touch as his eyes met hers. He noticed she was wearing a bit of eyeliner and her slightly parted lips were glossy with a natural colored lipstick.

For the first time in hours Amy had drifted from his mind.

_____________________________________________

Amy's breasts bounced obscenely, threatening to spill out of her dress.

This was a fact of life for Amy. It didn't matter what she was wearing, the actions of day-to-day life caused her overdeveloped chest to sway and bounce everywhere she went.

In public her breasts drew constant stares from men and women alike. But right now, she was driving alone and the only person that could see her boobs bounce with every bump in the road was Amy herself.

After work Amy had rushed home so she could prepare for her date at John's place. After showering she found a sexy, red, cocktail dress to wear. She knew it would overwhelm John when he saw her hourglass figure and enormous breasts crammed into this piece of stretchy fabric.

She paired her tight dress with a pair of strapped high heels that laced half way up her calves. She decided not to wear any jewelry, afraid it may only get in the way of the high physical activities that she was eagerly anticipating.

Now, Amy was pulling off the boulevard on her way to John's apartment. She was impressed when John told her what area he lived in. He hadn't been particularly well dressed when he had come into her parlor, but she knew he must make good money to afford to live on this side of town.

As she pulled into a parking space in front of John's building, she was starting to become overwhelmed by a sense of excitement. Had any man ever made her feel this nervous? She thought to herself.

After losing control in the presence of John's exquisite manhood earlier, she had hoped to take control of the situation again with the help of her skimpy dress, but now she was hesitating uncharacteristically.

After a moment she took a deep breath and threw her door opened and quickly climbed out of her car. The motion had caused the dress to ride up high on her hips and her breasts to begin to spill out of the top as well. She tugged down on the bottom edge of the dress and made sure it was pulled down tight across her round butt, then she readjusted the fabric across her bosom, covering some of her excessive cleavage.

Just as she began walking up to John's building, she noticed out of the corner of her eye a man hauling groceries out of his trunk near her. He stood frozen staring at her, mouth agape.

Amy remembered that any man was putty in her hand. John was no different than this guy in the parking lot. He will be stunned the moment he sees her standing in his doorway.

Once again, Amy felt powerful.

_____________________________________________

Olivia giggled as she talked with John. She was sitting on his couch drinking a beer, her first bottle sat empty on the coffee table. John was mixing up a rum and Coke at the bar a few feet away.

"So, John." Olivia said as she shifted the conversation to another topic.

"I can't imagine you getting a massage. I know you. I bet you were super uncomfortable." She continued to giggle.

"Well this place looked pretty nice and clean, so I wasn't too weirded out. But yeah... I was sort of nervous."

"I bet." Olivia said. "Did you have to get all naked and everything? Don't tell me you scared some poor masseuse with that swinging meat of yours!"

John snorted in laughter.

Olivia continued. "Maybe I'll go see this miracle worker masseuse of yours. It's a woman right? I don't know if I'd want some big guy I don't know rubbing me all down with oil."

John looked up at Olivia as he stepped back towards the couch. Olivia always got this talkative after a drink or two.

"Well she-" He was interrupted by the door bell ringing.

"Who could that be?" Olivia sat up suddenly.

"Oh shit. What time is it?" John said digging in his pocket for his phone.

"I didn't know you were expecting anybody."

John was looking around in a mild panic.

"Wait! Do you have a date?! You should have told me. I didn't mean to invite myself over like this." Olivia said standing up quickly.

"It's okay. It's my fault. I... got distracted. Lost track of time."

John paused for a moment.

"It's actually the masseuse from today." He explained. "I invited her over."

Olivia's eyes widened with realization.

"You sly dog!"

John smiled.

"Well you better get the door." She said "I'm sure she's excited to try it out" Olivia brushed her hand across John's crotch. He clearly heard a little jealousy in her voice.

John sighed. How was he doing to explain to Amy why Olivia was here? And how mad is Olivia going to be for kicking her out? But John had no time to think.

John and Olivia walked over to the front door and John opened it.

"Sorry. I was just..." The words caught in John's throat.

Amy stood contrapposto with one had resting on her hip. The tight, red cocktail dress she wore clung to every inch of her curvy body, tapering in from her wide hips, to her narrow waist, before being stretched taught across her massive chest. Her dark hair, no longer in a pony-tail, hung down straight to either side of her face. Her big, pouty lips were painted in red lipstick. They were parted slightly as if she was already in a state of slight arousal.

After a moment Amy's eyes broke their lock on John's and she looked over to Olivia who was standing behind John.

Olivia was even more taken aback than John. In retrospect she didn't know what to expect John's date to look like, but she didn't no expect this hyper-sexual bombshell.

"Uhh..." John was the first to speak after what felt like a long time. "Amy, this is... this is my neighbor, Olivia.

"Oh yes. Hi. I was just about to leave" Olivia said taking a step toward the door. "So nice to meet you." She gave a tiny, frantic wave.

"No." Amy looked Olivia up and down. Even in her heels Olivia still stood an inch taller than Amy.

"Why don't you stay? The more the merrier." Amy made a big smile.

"I uhh-" John began.

"No really. Its okay, John" Amy cut him off. "I just came over here to hang out. I don't mid if Olivia joins us."

John looked back at Olivia. She was blushing a bit and looked like she didn't know what to do.

"Well please come in." John stepped aside and motioned Amy to enter.

Amy stepped forward, her heels clicking on the hard wood floor. She looked around.

"This is a big apartment." Amy said.

"Thanks." John chuckled. "Can I get you a drink?"

"Sure. I'll have whatever you're having."

Olivia watched Amy's shapely figure as she walked from the entrance hallway to the living room. Even the way she walked exuded sexuality. Her hips swayed with each step exuding an almost animalistic grace.

Olivia was very happy with her appearance and her figure. She was lucky enough to stay thin and fit even though she frequently ate junk food and drank beer, but where she always had thought herself to be particularly lucky was that she had a pretty big rack for someone with her physique. After quickly growing out to an E cup in her freshman year of high school, she had forever been the girl with "big boobs". She even had to double layer sports bras when she worked out so that she didn't make a spectacle of herself.

But now she suddenly found herself feeling inadequate. Amy's boobs were absurdly large, easily dwarfing Olivia's chest. Then on top of that Amy was blessed with a big, round ass and thick thighs. Amy's figure was simply unreal.

Olivia walked around Amy and sat back down on the couch where she had been sitting. Her beer sat waiting for her, dripping with condensation. She felt she needed a drink.

"Is rum and Coke is okay?" John asked, resuming his spot at the bar.

"That would be great." Amy smiled looking down from the tall ceilings to where John stood.

"Do you want another drink?" John asked Olivia.

When he looked over at Olivia she had her head back and was slamming back what was left of her beer. She sat it down on the table with a clack.

"Yes please." She said with a gasp.

Olivia looked over to Amy. "So, Amy... How do you know John?" She asked, playing dumb.

"Well-" Amy started and she took a seat on the opposite end of the large couch. "John is actually a new client at my massage parlor."

"Oooh. I see!" Olivia said beginning to relax a bit. "So you work as a masseuse there?"

"Yes. Well I own and operate the business as well. But yes, I'm still very hands on in my work as well." Amy smirked at Olivia.

Olivia laughed nervously. How far had she gotten with John already? She wondered. It was no doubt she knew what he was packing. As long as she had known John she knew that almost any woman that knew about his endowment would jump at the opportunity to try it out. She was sure that Amy was here for the same reason.

"Here we are." John said as he carried fresh drinks over to where the girls sat. He started over towards a reclining chair adjacent to the couch but Olivia stopped him with a motion of her hand.

"Why don't you sit here between us?" She patted the couch cushion.

"Oh- Okay."

John slumped down onto the couch between then and took a sip from his tall glass.

"Let me put a bit of music on." John said reaching for a remote that sat on the coffee table.

Amy continued with the pleasantries. "What do you do?" she asked Olivia.

"I'm a civil engineer. I work for a company that does most of the road construction here in town."

"No kidding?"

"Yeah. I've actually been computer modeling the hydraulics of the design to make sure that there is enough flow under the bridge in the event of a big storm surge."

You would never guess Olivia was an engineer by looking at her but John knew she was actually a bit of a geek. She was the only person he had ever met that could excitedly talk about concrete. He would sometimes get lost in her technical jargon, but he really appreciated her passion for her work.

Contemporary music began to play softly throughout the living room as John sat the remote down and leaned back onto the couch.

The girls were now talking over him. This situation was a bit awkward but he was pleased that Amy and Olivia were getting along. After the events in the massage parlor he has been eagerly anticipating taking things further with Amy tonight, but everybody just hanging out could be fun too. Who knows maybe they would all become friends. John thought to himself.

"John?" It was Amy's voice.

"Oh? Yes??

"You were kinda spaced out there." Olivia said laughing and giving him a poke in the side.

"Amy was just asking what you did for a living."

"Oh sorry." John smiled looking between them.

Amy was laughing now too. "John and I didn't get much time to talk today, isn't that right John?"

"Yeah..." John laughed but he could tell his cheeks were burning a bit.

"You know John's back has been hurting him for a long time." Olivia started. "I was so happy to see he was feeling better today."

"A good massage can really do wonders." Amy moved a little closer to John and placed a hand on his knee.

"Apparently so!" Olivia was giggling just like she had been before Amy showed up. "I think John is just a bit high strung. He just needs to loosen up."

"It can be a lot of things." Amy replied. "Stress can cause all sorts of muscle pain just as physical labor can."

"It's definitely not manual labor that's getting me. The only thing I lift is my briefcase." John joked.

They all laughed. After a moment, Olivia started up again.

"Sorry if this is too personal, but since were on the topic of back pain, how do you... fair with those?" Oliva made a motion with her hands over her breasts while looking over at Amy's expanse of cleavage burgeoning from the top of her dress.

"A lot of people ask me that." Amy replied. "I guess I've just been blessed with strong back muscles. They don't really bother me too much." She arched her back slightly pushing her chest out.

John got a magnificent view down Amy's dress. It had only been hours since he had been this close to them, but he had already forgotten just how immense they were. His cock twitched at the sight.

"Blessed, I'd say!" Olivia laughed out loud. "I thought I had big tits, but those things are legitimately huge!"

"Thanks." Amy grinned.

"If you don't mind me asking, what size bra do you wear?"

"Olivia!" John exclaimed.

"Sorry! I'm just really curious! I mean look at those things. I'm kinda jealous." She feigned pouting.

"It's okay! Really!" Amy laughed looking back and forth between them. "Like I said. People ask about them quite a bit. I'm used to it."

Amy took her hand off John's knee and placed both hands on gently on her chest.

"My cup size is K."

She then placed her hands on her torso below her bosom.

"And my band is 32. So 32K."

"Hooooooly shit." Exclaimed Olivia.

Olivia began quickly counting on her fingers.

"We have the same underbust and you're five cup sizes bigger than me... That's intense." She laughed.

John's eyes were wide. A K cup? He though. He had never heard of anybody that size before. John's cock was starting to inflate slightly at the thought. He had learned first-hand that her chest was huge, but something about the measurement was deeply erotic to him.

Amy just smiled. She loved the attention her huge tits brought her. Men, women, it didn't matter.

"Well today I learned that someone else is carrying a bit of weight around." Amy locked eyes with John and gave a sly smile.

Olivia sorted with laughter while taking a gulp of beer.

John was definitely blushing now. Was this conversation really going this way?

"I guess there's no way you're going to overlook that third leg when giving a massage, eh?" Olivia said laughing.

"It's hard to miss." Amy replied still looking at John.

John didn't know what to say. The conversation was getting more personal by the minute. Amy was really starting to get to him. He had to look away from her gaze.

"Aww! You're making him blush!" Olivia moved closer to John. "You would think he would be used to the compliments by now."

"You've known him for a while?" Amy asked.

"Oh sure. We've been good friends for quite a while. How long would you say, John?" Olivia put her hand on his shoulder as she turned to face him.

"Uhh... about a year I'd say."

"And you two hang out often?" Amy continued.

"Definitely! We don't go out much but we hang out around here quite a bit. Usually here at John's place, my apartment is usually a bit messy." Olivia admitted with a giggle.

As nervous as John was, his cock was still reacting to the conversation. Olivia was dancing around Amy's questions. The reality was that Olivia came over to fool around with John at least once a week. It had slowed down a bit in the past few months because of his back pain, but around the time they first met they fucked several times a week.

"So, I'm guessing you've gotten a little bit of hands on experience with this?" Amy asked gesturing towards the bulge at his crotch.

Without moving her head, Olivia was looking down at the growth in his pants. She could tell it was far from flaccid.

This wasn't helping John feel any less awkward. These two women were basically talking across him about his cock. He could do nothing bit sit back and see where it went.

"I've had a few encounters with it." Olivia replied with a wide smile growing on her face.

John had to chuckle at her terminology. "Encounters" made it sound like it was some kind of wild animal.

Amy seemed to have the same though.

"It certainly felt like an encounter. This morning I had no idea that I would run into the biggest dick I had ever seen."

"Tell me about it." Oliva replied. "It's pretty unreal." She was stealing glances at John's crotch as his cock continued to grow in his pants.

There was a long pause before Amy broke the silence.
