 For Rmastyx, thanks for helping!

*

She was across a busy street, about a block away when I first saw her. She stood out in the late afternoon 'rush hour' pedestrian traffic. So many drab outfits on all the women this afternoon...same as just about any other day. It was the way her short skirt danced as she walked, the lively bounce in her step that caught my eye. I stopped with the crowd waiting for the light to change. A momentary pause in the mindless flow of humanity whose only goal was to escape the city for yet another day. I stood watching her, she was different, not wishing to escape, but embracing the crowd. Aware of those men near her who were stealing glaces at her sexy curves, her breasts spilling out over her top, her sexy legs. Aware also of the delightful fact that her skirt was just a bit too short for a breezy late afternoon. When she was nearer, I could see her fishnet stockings, her skirt not quite long enough to meet the tops and completely hide her creamy thighs. That flash of thigh between her stockings and skirt had heads turning. I noticed more than one gentleman with a healthy bulge in his pants. The light changed and I moved with the mass, crossing the street as a school of fish. Not really knowing why they were moving, in unison. That's when I saw those shoes. Those exciting 'fuck me' shoes, with heels and platforms so high, I marveled at how she could stroll so gracefully. 

I was becoming quite aroused, standing there, my mind wandering. I noticed a few women snicker, offended not only with how this woman was dressed, but also, by the men looking at her. That only served to increase my arousal. She was part of the crowd blocking my path, making me feel like a salmon swimming upstream. "Excuse me.", I said, causing a few heads to turn, unaccustomed to rush hour politeness. She turned to the side, leaving me just a narrow passageway directly in front of her. As I walked past, my upper arm brushed against her breasts, and my knuckles grazed her stockings. She smiled as I turned down the less crowded side street. She was soon on my heels matching my stride. I slowed and she passed me up, giving me a chance to enjoy her creamy thighs peeking out from beneath that short pleated skirt. As we passed an alley, she turned and walked into the late afternoon shadows, glancing over her shoulder to be certain that I would follow.

As I turned down the alley, she once again looked over her shoulder. Giggling, she stepped behind a dumpster, leaning against the rough brick wall. As I approached, she reached out, I turned, facing her. Her lips curled in a naughty smile as she rubbed her hands over her breasts and down, playfully lifting her skirt, showing off even more of her creamy thighs. It was like a porn star was there in the alley giving me a private show, my cock was straining to get out of my pants. I crouched down and ran my hands up her thighs, lifting that plaid skirt until I exposed her pussy. I leaned in, taking in her scent before burying my face in her soft curls. She writhed, a moan escaped her lips, then she pulled me up to her. I pressed my body against her's, our lips meeting in a wet kiss, our tongues twisting around each other's. Her hands begin to undo my belt, she's wasting no time freeing my cock as my hands lift her skirt again. My fingers finding her very wet pussy, stroking her clit, she's so wet I easily shove two fingers into her dripping cunt, causing a gasp to escape across her lips. Now she has my pants undone and shoves them down past my hips along with my boxers. She wraps her soft hand around my now rigid cock and starts stroking slowly. She drops to her knees and takes my cock into her mouth twirling her tongue around the head, then swallowing my dick completely. 

"Oh my.." I moan as I feel the back of her throat. The sounds of the city seem far off and distant, all I hear is slurping as she is getting me so wet, her spit mixing with my pre-cum. I moan again, then feel her teeth scrape on my cock. "Ouch" I complain. 

"I'm not ready for you to cum yet," she says as she stands and whispers into my ear "I need you to fuck my hungry cunt."

I lift her skirt and press her against the wall. She wraps her legs around my waist, her dripping pussy inches from the head of my cock. I enter her, burying my cock in that hot tight pussy in one forceful thrust. She's so wet as I start fucking her hard, my balls slapping against her and that sloppy wet sound of a dripping cunt getting thoroughly pounded. "Oh yes!" she moaned into my ear, "Fuck me, hard" I grip her juicy little ass, my knuckles scraping against the rough wall, as I pounded her as hard as I could. Our lips locked in a very wet kiss as she sucked my tongue into her mouth. It was like my tongue was fucking her mouth as my throbbing cock fucked her hot pussy.

I looked over the dumpster at the crowded street. I couldn't believe I was fucking this little slut so close to all those people. There was no stopping now as my cock had robbed all the blood from my brain. I cannot think, and there is no way she is going to release her hold on me yet. Her moans are muffled by my mouth as her body begins to shake. She groans, "Fuck me Jake! Harder, faster." Her orgasm starts to overtake her and we ride those wild waves as my cock erupts inside her, filling her hot hole until my cum and her juices are dripping down her legs.

I can barely stand, my knees are so weak. When we finally returned to earth, she looked at me with that sparkle in her eyes that I know so well. As she straightened her skirt and turned to walk away, she looked back over her shoulder one last time and said, "Don't be late tonight, Jake. Remember we're going to see that movie."

"I won't be late, Remy." I replied, "see you when I get home."

She smiles and walks out of the alley and disappears into the crowd.