 It was late at night, on a Friday, and I had just left a long, boring party at my office. I was driving home to my apartment, struggling to stay awake. I was completely sober, but I was totally exhausted from a seemingly never-ending week full of meetings. While I was driving, at some point I must have lost my focus, because I glanced down at the dashboard and discovered that I was driving way over the speed limit. I immediately slammed on the brakes, and pulled over to the side of the street for a moment to take a break. I rubbed my eyes, had a drink of water, and took a few deep breaths. After a minute of rest, I decided that I was awake enough to start driving again. I switched on my turn signal, merged into traffic, and continued driving back to my apartment.

I had only driven a few blocks down the street when I noticed a car directly behind me driving just a few inches from my rear bumper. I thought that I may be driving too slow, so I accelerated. The car behind me sped up as well, and continued tailgating me. I decided to brush it off and ignore it, because I didn't want to risk getting a speeding ticket just to appease an impatient tailgater. When I got another mile down the road, I was startled by flashing red and blue lights in my rearview mirror. Unfortunately, I hadn't noticed that the car that was tailgating me was a police car. I switched on my turn signal, pulled over to the shoulder, and parked my car. I was in an unpopulated part of town, on a stretch of road with no streetlights. I was a little nervous, because there was no one else around, but I didn't want to cause any problems. I sat in my car for a few moments and waited for the officer to come talk with me. In my driver's side mirror, I saw the silhouette of a female officer approaching. She was about 5'6", and she had a nice figure. I rolled down my window.

"Good evening, Sir." She said. She was wearing tight blue pants, and a taut blue uniform top. The top two buttons of her shirt were undone, exposing a few inches of her bare chest. She had about C-cup breasts. Her shirt was tight enough that I could tell her breasts were nice and perky. She had medium-length brown hair, tied back in a ponytail. Her eyes were green, and she had long eyelashes. Her badge said that her name was Officer Taylor.

"Good evening, Officer." I replied, smiling.

"Do you know how fast you were driving back there?" She asked.

"To be totally honest, I am not sure, but I don't think I was going too fast." I replied.

"You were doing thirty-five in a twenty-five zone," She stated, "that's ten over the speed limit."

"Wow. I didn't realize that I was going so fast. I'm very sorry about that." I said. 

"Your driver's license, and vehicle registration, please." She asked.

"Sure." I replied. I removed my driver's license from my wallet, and retrieved my vehicle registration from the console. I handed both items to Officer Taylor. She snatched them from me, and walked back to her patrol car.

After a few minutes of waiting in my car, Officer Taylor returned with my driver's license and registration. She leaned into my window, and held out the items. As she leaned in, I was daydreaming about her breasts, and my penis became erect. I clumsily tried to take my license back from her, and I dropped it on my seat between my legs. 

"Sorry, Sir." Officer Taylor said, as she reached down between my legs to pick up my driver's license. Her hand brushed against my crotch, and she felt my throbbing erection. She smiled briefly, and quickly regained her composure and made a serious face. Then she snatched up my license and handed it back to me. 

"Thank you, Officer." I said. 

"You're welcome. I have to write you a ticket, because you were speeding." She said, smiling.

"I understand. Any way I could get a warning?" I asked.

"Well, you don't have any other traffic violations that I could find in the computer, but you were speeding excessively." She said.

"Thank you, Officer. I understand." I said. I made direct eye contact with her and smiled. She blushed and immediately broke eye contact with me. In an attempt to find something else to fix her gaze upon, she looked back down at the enormous bulge in my pants. 

She pulled a small pad of blank tickets from her back pocket and wrote me a ticket. She tore of the top page of the note pad and handed it to me. She placed the carbon-copy of the ticket into the front pocket of her pants.

"Have a nice evening, Sir." Officer Taylor said, as she turned and began to walk back to her car. 

I watched in my driver's side mirror as she walked back to her car. She strutted slowly and casually toward her car, and her ass shook slightly with each step. When she was halfway back to her car, she stopped, and looked back over her shoulder directly into my mirror and caught me staring at her. She smiled at me suggestively, and then turned back toward her patrol car and continued walking. She seemed like she was into me, so I decided to go for it. I switched off my headlights, opened my door, and climbed out of my car. 

She didn't turn back to look at me, but she heard me. She walked to the front her patrol car, leaned forward, and placed her hands on the hood. I walked up behind her, and rubbed my body against hers from behind. Then I gently placed my hands on her hips, and glided my palms up the sides of her back, and then back down to her thighs.

Officer Taylor sighed and said, "You should probably frisk me."

I ran my hands around her hips and grabbed tightly onto her hip bones. She moaned, and then I moved my hands back around to inspect her ass. I squeezed her ass cheeks, and then slipped my hands between her thighs. I tickled the insides of her thighs with my fingertips. She moaned again, and then pushed her legs apart. She followed my guidance, and spread her legs apart. I began to massage her thighs, and then cupped her pussy from behind with my right hand and began massaging her through her pants.

I leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "Have you been bad?"

I exhaled a deep breath into her left ear, and she moaned.

"Yes. I've been very bad." She replied softly, "You should probably arrest me."

I kissed her neck, and continued to massage her through her pants. With my left hand, I pulled her handcuffs off of her belt. She stood upright, removed her hands from the hood of her car, and placed them behind her back. I clasped the handcuffs around her wrists, and walked her to the back door on the driver's side of her car. I opened the door, and she climbed in. She laid down on her stomach across the backseat. I climbed on top of her, and reached around underneath her stomach and unbuckled her belt. 

"You are under arrest." I told her.

"What did I do?" She asked.

"You've been a bad girl." I explained, "You should probably be punished."

"Yes, I have, and I deserve to be punished." She confessed. 

I wrapped my fingers around the waist of her pants and panties, and pulled them down just below her ass. Then I slid backward, almost entirely of the car. I leaned forward and licked her right ass cheek. She moaned. Then I bit her ass.

"Aaaahhh..." She cried. 

"What do you think would be a fair punishment?" I asked, biting her ass cheek again.

I climbed back out of the car, and removed my pants. Then I climbed back in, and straddled her thighs. My throbbing cock was resting snugly between her ass cheeks.

"You should probably punish my pussy." She answered.

I slapped my rock hard cock against her left ass cheek. Then I slipped my right hand between her legs, and cupped her bald, shaved pussy from behind, and began to massage her clit. Her pussy was dripping wet. 

"That sounds fair." I said.

I removed my right hand, and slipped my cock between her thighs, and began to tickle her pussy lips with the tip of my penis. 

"I'm ready for my punishment." She said.

I placed my hands on her shoulders and pressed her down hard against the backseat. Her left cheek pressed against the seat, and she opened her mouth, breathing heavily. Then I thrust my massive cock inside her. She moaned loudly as I penetrated her. She bent her legs at the knee, and her boots bumped against my back. I reached behind my back and closed the door. I pulled my penis back and thrust it inside her again.

"Yes!" She cried.

I let go of her shoulders, and placed my left hand between her shoulder blades, and held onto the chain of the handcuffs with my right hand. I began rhythmically pumping her pussy. My balls smacked against her thighs with every thrust. My cock was glistening from her juices, and it shimmered in the red and blue lights shining through the window from outside her patrol car.

"Are you learning from your punishment?" I asked her, as I thrust my cock deep inside her.

"I've been very bad! A bad girl like me needs to be punished hard!" She answered.

I grabbed onto her ponytail with my left hand, and pulled hard. 

"Yes! That's what I deserve!" She cried.

I slammed my cock into her, and she squealed. I pulled her head back by her ponytail, and continued pounding her pussy. She began to hyperventilate, and her body began to tremble. 

"I'm cumming!" She cried.

"You've being bad again." I said, "You're enjoying your punishment."

"Fuck me!" She screamed.

I fucked her hard and fast, and she continued to cum for several minutes. When her trembling subsided, I slowed down and let her catch her breath. I let go of the handcuff chain, and her ponytail. I continued to fuck her slowly from behind, straddling her thighs for a few minutes, and then I began massaging her ass cheeks in my hands. 

"You deserve more punishment." I said. Then I licked the middle finger of my right hand, and began tickling her ass. She was very ticklish, and she started to squirm the moment the tip of my finger touched her asshole. I gently inserted my finger into her ass, and she moaned.

"Punish my ass!" She begged.

I thrust her pussy faster with my cock, and began fucking her asshole with my finger. Her pussy tightened up around my cock, and I could tell that she was going to cum again at any moment. So, I started slamming my finger into her asshole. Her mouth was wide open, and her breathing intensified. She was on the brink of orgasm again. I pulled my cock out of her pussy, and my finger out of her asshole. Then I quickly thrust my throbbing cock into her asshole.

"Aaaahhh!" She screamed as I penetrated her ass. I leaned forward on top of her, with my chest pressing against her back. Then I reached around her waist with my left hand and began massaging her clit, while I continued to fuck her in her ass. I placed my right hand on the back of her head, and pressed her face against the seat.

"Oh my God!" She screamed. Her legs began to shake. Her boots banged against my ass. She began to gyrate her hips, pressing her clit against my fingertips. She started to cum again.

"Take it!" I ordered her.

"Yes!" She cried.

The entire car was shaking, and the windows were covered in fog. She screamed uncontrollably, and hopelessly tried to catch her breath. I pounded her ass hard for a few minutes while she came. Suddenly, her body completely relaxed, and I heard her boots bump against the door behind me. I pulled my cock out of her ass, and slowly turned her over on her back. I straddled her waist, and reached up and unbuttoned her shirt, from top to bottom. Then I reached behind her back, and she sat up slightly. I unclasped her bra, pulled it off, and tossed it on the floor.

Her breasts were just like I had imagined. They were C-cups, round and firm, and her nipples were pink, and erect. I leaned forward and licked her right nipple. She moaned in satisfaction. Then I licked her left nipple, and nibbled on it. 

Then I sat back up, and continued to straddle her, and began stroking my throbbing cock right my right hand. Some precum dripped from the head of my penis, and slowly dropped down to her navel. She seemed fascinated by the power of my cock, and watched in amazement. I was about to shoot my load all over her tits, and I asked, "How about that ticket?"

"What ticket?" She asked me, as a huge grin spread across her face.

I felt my cock begin to spasm, and then I shot out a huge load of cum. It blasted all the way to her face, drenching her teeth and lips. She quickly licked up my cum, and then opened her mouth, awaiting my next burst of cum. I shot another load, and this time it landed right in her mouth. She moaned in satisfaction, and swallowed. I shot several more loads, and covering her nipples and belly button with my cum. Then I reached down to the waist of her pants, that were now down to her knees. I took her keychain off of her belt. She sat up slightly, and I reached behind her back and unlocked the handcuffs. She instantly began to massage my cum all over her breasts. She closed her eyes, and smiled again. Then she began to wipe up my cum with her fingertips. She started with her tits, and then her belly button. Lastly, she wiped a few drops of my cum off of her cheeks. Then she licked her fingertips clean. 

She laid across the backseat in orgasmic bliss for several minutes, and then I finally climbed off her, and opened the door behind me. I climbed out of the car and quickly put my pants back on. She put her bra back on, buttoned her shirt, and then pulled her pants up to her waist, zipped them up, and rebuckled her belt. Then she climbed out of the car and stood beside me. She pulled the ticket that she wrote earlier from her pocket, and tore it up.

"Thanks for tearing up my ticket." I said, graciously.

"Thanks for tearing me up, too." She said, smiling.