 (I recently received a request for a continuation to "Playing by the Train Tracks", so here it is. This is for you, Bron.) 

After Mark and I returned home, we ran to the bedroom and popped in the videotape. The images of me fingering myself, and Mark jerking his cock until he exploded on my face made my pussy tingle all over again. Mark was breathing heavily and I knew he, too, was feeling the same way.

"Mmm! I loved the way you painted my face, baby!" I moaned.

"Not as much as I enjoyed painting it", he breathed. He then placed his hand over mine and placed them over my pussy. "I want to watch you finger yourself for me," he instructed. 

I slowly started rubbing as he removed his hand from mine. Yes, I was already wet, as I parted my lips and slid my finger up and down my slit. He restarted the video, then instructed me to watch it as I played with my pussy. My fingers were moving in tiny circles on my clit, as I stared at the video...watching myself doing the same thing. I could tell Mark was getting turned on watching my fingers. He would glance up at the screen, then back down to my pussy. Just then, he removed my hand and started sucking on each finger. 

"Oh yeah, I love tasting your sweet pussy," he said. He was slowly sucking each finger and I wanted nothing more than for his hot tongue to be somewhere else. 

As I tried to take my hand away, he grabbed my wrist. "Don't touch yourself. I have a surprise for you." He walked over to his dresser and pulled out several pieces of cord from the drawer.

"Oh! I see you want to get kinky," I grinned.

"You will not be seeing anything for a while, and you have no idea just how kinky I'm going to get!" Before I knew it, he had my wrists entended above my head as he tied them to his bedpost with the cords. Then the next thing I knew, he had my legs spread wide apart, tying my ankles to the lower posts. They were spread so far apart, I could feel my groin muscles stretching. I watched him bend down to grab something from under his bed, and he returned with a black silk scarf, which he blindfolded me with.

"Hey! This isn't fair! You know how much I love watching you!" I whined.

"You better hush before I leave you alone in the room like this," he warned.

I heard his steps as he left the room. My heart began beating faster with anticipation. Surely he wasn't going to leave me here like this! After a few minutes, I heard him return. "I just had to get a few more surprises, baby," he chuckled. He leaned over me and softly kissed my lips, gently forcing his tongue inside my mouth. We slowly kissed as I felt his hands move over my breasts, gently squeezing while trapping my nipples in between his fingers. I could feel his hard cock brushing against my thigh and tried pushing harder against him as he continued teasing my nipples. Just then, I felt the shock of something ice cold being applied to my left nipple.

"Ohhh yes!" I gasped, as I felt an ice cube being rubbed against my nipple. He teased the left, then took it into his mouth while icing up my right nipple! He kept alternating, and each time, he would bite down on my nipple just a little harder than before. I moaned to each bite, as I felt his hand move down to my pussy. I was so hot and immediately jumped when I felt him rub ice over my clit. Up and down my slit....then he would hold it in one place until I cried for him to stop. The sensation made my pussy tingle. "No more!" I pleaded, but instead of stopping, I felt him shove ice cubes inside my cunt! 

"I can't take it! It's too cold!" I screamed.

"Shhh...it's ok. I promise to warm it up," he replied, as I felt his tongue on my slit. 

"Mmmmm that's it! Lick my pussy!" I cried out, as I tried grinding as hard as I could into his face. I wanted nothing more than to push his head into my pussy with my hands, but I could do nothing, as they were tied. I clenched my pussy, milking the ice cubes until they melted into nothing, while he tapped his tongue right onto my clit. He then slid his tongue inside my hole, warming it up from where the ice had just been. The hot/cold sensation sent a bolt of electricity straight through me as I arched my back and moaned frantically! 

"Oh God please don't stop! Eat my pussy!" I screamed, feeling myself getting ready to go over the edge. He removed his tongue and replaced it with two fingers and returned to licking my clit, sucking hard and slow. His fingers moved faster and faster inside me, pumping in and out, as I clenched my fists and screamed through my first orgasm.

"That's it, baby! Cum hard for me!" he moaned into my pussy. 

"Ummmmmmmmm I'm cumming!" I cried out, as I dug my nails into my palms.  He kept his fingers motionless, deep inside me until he felt the last of my contractions. 

"That was so wonderful," I smiled. "Can you untie me now?"

"Not just yet, Liz!" he responded, as he straddled me. He leaned down to kiss me, then moved up. His swollen cock was just inches from my face. He took it in his hand and slowly stroked it, while he inserted his thumb into my mouth. I sucked hard on his thumb, wanting more.  I wanted ..no..I needed his cock inside my mouth! I lifted my head to take it, but he pulled back, teasingly. He brought it closer, still stroking, and brushed the head back and forth against my lips. As I started to lick it, he backed away again. "You want it in your mouth badly, don't you? Tell me," he whispered.

"Yes baby! Please don't tease me! Slide yourself inside!" Mark pushed up against my mouth and allowed me to take in his head. I ran my tongue around him, as I started sucking lightly. 

"Oh yeah! Suck it baby!" he moaned. He fed me more, allowing his cock to slide all the way inside. I moaned against it, as he stared down at me, watching himself disappear into my throat. He held my face with his hands, while pumping slowly in and out of my mouth. 

"Take all of my cock like a good girl!" he ordered, as he grabbed a handful of my hair and worked it in harder, deeper. He was fucking my mouth as I sucked harder, wanting him to feed me his hot cum! He reached back and pinched my nipple hard, and I screamed against him, which made his cock twitch inside of me.  He pulled out of my mouth and started stroking himself furiously over my face, as I moaned against his balls, taking each one into my mouth and sucking. I could feel them tighten and knew he was close. I shook my head back and forth against his balls. Knowing what was coming, I took him by surprise and slid my tongue into his ass. That took him over the edge.

"Open your mouth and stick out your tongue NOW!" he commanded.

"Ummmm, cum NOW!" I pleaded, as I stuck out my tongue, wanting to swallow all of him.

"Ughhhhhhh! I'm going to shoot!" he gasped, as he splattered his hot cum across my face...my nose, cheeks, hair, lips, tongue!

"Yes! Give it to me!" I yelled. He spurted more cum straight into my mouth, telling me to swallow. I felt his hot liquid burn my throat as I did, still wanting more. He used his cock to smear his cum into my face. 

"Open your mouth," he moaned, as he pushed inside, feeding me his cum from my face. Then he took his fingers and wiped some from my chin and fed them to me, along with his cock! I swallowed as much as I could before he pulled his cock and fingers out of my mouth.

"I've never known you to cum so much!" I gasped breathlessly. 

"You're such a good little cocksucker," he whispered, as he softly wiped my face with a towel.

"Do you think you can untie me and take this blindfold off now?" I laughed. He untied my wrists and ankles and let me stretch.  Just as I thought I was free, he quickly turned me over and refastened my hands and legs.  "What are you doing now?" I asked.

"I have an idea. Just hush up and enjoy it!" he replied, as he tucked a pillow underneath me. I heard him walk away and return a few seconds later. He slid his fingers up and down, from my ass to my clit. "You're still so wet! I think you may need to cum again!" he replied, as I felt him insert a cold object into my pussy. Just as I was trying to figure out what exactly he had inside of me, I felt the vibrations and gasped. It was the wireless remote egg! 

"How does that feel, sweetie?" he asked, as he played with the remote.

"Mmmmm....it feels so good! Don't stop!" I moaned.

"Oh, I won't be stopping anytime soon!" he laughed. "Just lay down and enjoy it for now. I'll be back in a little while." 

"Mark! Please don't leave me like this! Come back!" I screamed, as I heard him leave the room.  I could hear his laugh from the other room, as the vibrations became stronger. He had the damn remote and was working it from the other side of the house! My pussy began to tingle as I felt the egg vibrate against my walls. I wanted nothing more than to rub my pussy, but my wrists were still bound, damn him! I pushed my cunt hard against the pillow, trying to get more stimulation..rocking my pelvis from side to side, feeling my clit rub against the sheets. 15 minutes had surely passed, and no sign of Mark, other than the different intensities of the vibrations. He began turning it on and off really fast, as I clenched it with my muscles. If I could only touch myself, I would have came right then!

"Mark! Please come and fuck me now!" I screamed, wishing the vibrator was his cock. Just then I felt his hand on my ass. He was rubbing my cheeks as he continued playing with the remote. I moaned and pushed my hips up against his hand, and as soon as I did, I felt the stinging of his hand slapping my ass! "Ouch! Not so hard!" I cried.

"Shut up and take it!" he responded, as he continued spanking me, first gently, then increasing in intensity. I buried my head into the bed and prepared for more smacks by clenching my ass tightly.

"Relax that ass! Do not tighten up!" he ordered. 

My body jumped with each slap. SMACK....SMACK....SMACK...over and over again, he lowered his hand, slowly spanking my ass, my crack, and my cunt lips, while working the remote and causing my pussy to burn up! The pain started turning into pleasure as my whole body felt as if it were on fire. He reached underneath me and pinched my clit with his free hand as he continued spanking me.

"Oh yes! Please don't stop!" I cried out, as I crushed my pussy into his hand. I was getting so close and he knew it. I pulled against the restraints as hard as I could, wanting my release.

"Cum for me now, Liz! Cum now and scream when you do!" he commanded, as he spanked faster and rubbed my clit with more force. I felt the waves start throughout my body as I began to scream out.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumminggggggg baby!" I screamed, as I felt my pussy contract hard against the egg. Just then, I could feel him slowly pull the egg out of me. Mmmmmmm that made me contract even harder, as I felt it leaving my pussy. It was immediately replaced by his cock, as I felt him plunge deeply inside of me. I felt him quickly untie my legs and push them underneath me as he held my hips up so that he could fuck me deeper. 

"Oh my God! Your pussy's on fire!" he moaned, as he fucked me deep and hard. 

"Oh God yes! Fuck me baby!"

"You..like..being...fucked this way, don't you? Tell me, Liz! Tell me now!" he moaned, as he fucked me faster and harder.

"YES! You..feel...so...good...fucking me!" I screamed. He brushed a finger against my clit and then pushed it against my asshole. He massaged it with his finger, getting it wet, then I felt him slide it inside my ass! 

"Don't fight it, baby! Relax!" he gasped, as he started finger-fucking my ass. It began to feel good, as I tightened around his finger and cock at the same time, milking both to the same rhythm. We both were on the verge of cumming, so I squeezed down as hard as I could. 

"Yeah! That's it! I'm going to fill that pussy up with my cum!" he said breathlessly as he pounded me like a wild animal, balls slapping against my clit.

"Fuck yes! Don't stop! Keep going! Fill me up NOW!" I screamed, as I felt my pussy contract around him. I screamed so loudly, he shoved his hand over my mouth, which made me cum even harder.

"Christ! I'm cummminggggggggg....Ummmmmmmmmmmmm" he gasped, as I felt him splash my walls with his hot cum, burning up my insides even more. 

He stayed inside me although he was completely drained, and reached up to release my hands. We collapsed with exhaustion, as we spooned together, with his satisfied cock still buried in me. Time stood still....and we were one....