 I was exercising after a hard night of drinking with my buddies. It was our annual trip to the music festival and we had arrived at our campsite about noon the day before. After a few hours of setting up, we ate dinner and started partying hard. Me and my buddy Sean drank till about four in the morning. The sun woke me about 8 and now I was trying to sweat out the alcohol from the night before. Dan and Al had already woken up and gone down the hill for breakfast. Brad, Sean and Jack were still sleeping. 

I've been awake for about 30 minutes and was doing my morning routine when I saw a small car pull up the hill and into the camping site next to ours. I watched as the door opened and a girl got out of her car. I remembered her from last year, but couldn't remember her name. She got out of her car and gave a big stretch. From where I was stretching, I was able to check her out pretty thoroughly. Average height with a lean, athletic body. Her hair was longer than it was last year. I remember talking with her last year and finding out she was actually 27. I thought she was about 20. She still looked good. 

She finally ended her stretch and looked around. She stopped when she noticed me doing my stretches and started to walk over. I got to really watch her as she walked towards me. Her outfit was one that you saw in yoga class, and boy did it show off her body . Her body was still athletic, but her tits were a bit bigger than I remembered. Her green eyes were sparkling and she wore a small smile. I switched to another position and greeted her with a lame, "hey, how's it going?."

Her response was an equally lame, "Good." "I remember you from last year, but I don't remember your name. Are you here with the same guys as last year?"

"Yeah," I replied. "And it's ok that you don't remember my name because I don't remember yours either. I'm John."

"Kaitlyn," she replied.

"Ah, right. I'm so bad with names, but I remembered the face. So how was school?"

She smiled at that. "It's been a good year. Thanks for the advice you gave me. I listened to what you said and read all I could on the sports page. It really helped me get comfortable fast."

I just smiled back and flowed into my next move. 

"So, I see you're doing some yoga. Is that normal for you or are you just trying to show off?"

I chuckled at that. "No, it's my normal routine. I'm not sure if you remember, or if you even knew, but I had back surgery about 2 months before last years show and part of my PT was a lot of stretching. Once I got done with PT, I took up yoga. It's been great and I've gotten into the habit of doing it every day. I just figured, I might as well do it up here.

"Well, do you mind if I join you? Three hours in the car and I could use a good stretch. I'll even let you lead." 

"No go right ahead." Besides, I thought to myself, who am I to say no to a hot bodied chick stretching five feet away from me. She got into position and we continued to stretch for the next 30 minutes. I've got to admit, it got really difficult after a while. Her body was amazingly fit and when we did some of the stretches, her ass was looking good enough to make me pop. When we finished with the yoga, I continued on with the rest of my workout. At least as much as I could do without my equipment. By this time, Dan and Al had returned and Jack and Brad had emerged from their tents. I thought Jack was going to fall over dead when he spotted Katilyn doing downward dog. 

I told her I'd help her set up if she'd like once I was done and she thanked me and walked over to her car. The guys came over and started asking all kinds of questions that I just brushed off. I finished my workout and went over to help Kaitlyn. Jack and Brad came with me and we had her set up real quick. Jack and Brad stayed with Kaitlyn while I went over to my stuff and grabbed my toiletries and started off to the shower. I heard my name called and turned to see Kaitlyn running after me. 

"Hey, mind if I join you? I saw you're heading to the showers and thought I'd walk down with you."

I said, "Not at all. You can scrub my back and I'll take care of yours." She smiled at that. "I think I can handle myself, thanks. But maybe I'll take you up on that another time." She winked and we headed down to the shower.

"So, what's the deal with Jack? Isn't he married?"

"Yeah, why do you ask?." I was hoping it wasn't because she was interested. 

"He's kind of creepy. When we all left last year, he gave me his cell and asked for mine. I just gave it to him thinking there was no way he'd call. I didn't even get home and I already had a message and a text from him. He called me a few more times and than I guess finally got the hint. Than, just now he asked what my problem was and I just told him he I wasn't interested. He's probably pissed now."

"Well, I wouldn't worry about him. He's pretty harmless.," I replied. I didn't want to get in the middle of something like this and I wasn't about to talk bad about him. "If he bothers you, just let me know and I'll handle it."

"Aren't all of you guys married?"

"Everyone but me. I seperated from my wife about six months ago."

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I didn't mean to pry, but I think it's kind of weird that a married guy would hit on me when all of his buddies are right there. Isn't he afraid one of you will rat him out?."

I didn't want to say anything bad, but it sure wasn't the first time Jack had pulled something like that. It put a strain on the whole group when he did that. But to each his own and who am I to preach to anyone. 

All I said was "I wouldn't take him very serious. But maybe a smackdown would be good for him. I think you can handle that." She just chuckled at that. We'd arrived at the showers. "Are you sure you don't need me to wash your back?" I just smiled and headed for the guys showers.

"I've only been here an hour. Let me get to know you better." I turned towards here and she turned towards the shower. She looked over her shoulder and just winked at me.

If it wasn't a public shower, I may have stroked one off, but knew it wasn't private enough. I showered quick, brushed my teeth and headed back outside. I thought about waiting a few minutes and just as I was about to walk away, Kaitlyn stepped out. She was wearing a small tank top and short shorts. I almost headed back to the shower to take a cold one, but managed to walk back to our sites in one piece. 

"So, why are you seperated?," she asked as we started walking back.

I didn't say anything for a bit. It had been a terrible couple of years for me and I wasn't sure I wanted to talk about it with someone I didn't really know. "We had gone away for a vacation without our kids and realized that we had nothing in common. I had been trying to make things work for a long time and just decided that if a week together didn't work, than nothing would."

She stopped walking and just stared at me for a while. "So, you didn't have an affair or anything like that?"

"No. I just realized I was only going to be happy if she wasn't directly in my life. And I was right. I'm a better father and person without her."

"Do you think you'll get back together?," Kaitlyn asked.

"No. Ask the guys. They'll tell you that I'm better without her. I'm more laid back and just enjoy everything so much better."

Kaitlyn didn't respond, just started walking. After a few minutes she finally said something. I could have really hurt myself. "So, do you think I can hang with you? You know, to keep Jack at bay? Maybe if you're real nice, I can wash your back for you."

I tripped over a root that wasn't there and Kaitlyn just laughed. Back at the site, everyone was finally moving around and a couple more cars were around. Kaitlyn's friends arrived and were setting up, and at the other site next to mine, some of our other neighbors were setting up. Dan and Al had already headed to the show. Jack saw me and walked right over. "So, getting friendly with Kaitlyn?"

"Dude, get a life." And I just walked away. 

About an hour later, we were all packed and ready to head to the show. Kaitlyn came over and asked for my cell number so she could call me when she and her friends got there. We exchanged numbers and I headed out. Jack tried to get it from me and all I said was to leave it be. Jack stewed about that and we all started to give him a hard time. Once at the show, we set up at the main stage and all headed in different directions to catch shows we were interested in. 

About an hour later my text rang and it was Kaitlyn. She was at the main stage and wanted to know where I was. I texted her I was at the lakeside stage. She said she'd be right over. Fifteen minutes later I got a text that she was there and to stand up so she could find me. I did and saw here pretty quickly. She made her way over and I just comletely forgot about the music. She was still wearing her tank and short shorts. I swear I almost creamed my pants watching her make her way over to me. 

"Hey. Glad you finally made it."

"I would have been here sooner, but Mary took way too long to get her stuff together. Did I miss anything good?"

"Not really. I was hoping these guys would be better, but to be honest, it's been kind of boring till you showed up."

She smiled at that. "You want to take off? We can go to one of the other stages and check it out."

"That depends. You mind if I keep checking you out while we walk?"

That damn smile again. "Not at all, as long as you don't mind me checking you out as well."

I led the way from the stage and started off towards a small stage where I'd knew there would be some good blues music. Kaitlyn followed and when we got away from the crowd walked up next to me. I hadn't really paid attention before, but realized that she was taller than I'd thought. Maybe about 5'8." Her tits were magnificent in here tank. She was at least a C cup and with her athletic build, they looked even bigger. 

We got to the stage and I weaved our way to the top of a small hill behind everyone else. We got seated and just started to listen to the music. I was checking the schedule and didn't really see anyone else I was interested in. Kaitlyn looked it over as well and also didn't see anything she liked. We decided to stick it out here. It was a nice day. The sun was shining and the air was perfect. I laid back and Kaitlyn moved closer to me. 

"So, are you dating anyone back home?"

"No, how about you? I'm sure you've met someone up in Boston."

"Not really. I've been so busy with school, I just haven't had time to date."

"I can't belive that. You're probably killing the guys up there."

"Maybe, but the city is pretty hard to get used to. Besides, I'm living with my sister, so I don't really have a lot of privacy."

"That's right. I'd forgotten about that."

She was lying on her side and I could look down between her tits. Her eyes were twinklin, like she knew what I was looking at. I decided to take a chance. I sat up close to her and leaned in, kissing her. She didn't pull away and after a moment, we were in a heavy lip lock. My tongue met hers and we were soon kissing each other hard. I pushed into her so that she laid back. The kiss became hot. I took my next chance and let my hand brusch her tit. A soft moan came from her mouth and I got bolder. I finally remembered where we were and pulled away. She was just staring up at me. 

"That was nice. I wasn't sure you wouldn't slap me."

She just chuckled at that. "I was hoping you would do that. It's been a long time since I've been kissed like that. It was better than I remember."

I leaned in and we kissed some more, but it was more tender than rushed. Just than, the next band started playing. These guys were really good and we enjoyed the show. After they were done, we decided to head to another stage. On the way we passed through one of the buildings and I spotted someplace that looked like it could give us some privacy. I grabbed Kaitlyn's hand and pulled her into a room and quickly closed the door, making sure we wouldn't get locked in. I dropped my pack and grabbed her. She didn't resist and wrapped her arms around my neck. Our kissing went right to desperate. I pushed her up against a wall and slid my hand under her top. Her tits were magnificient. Bigger than a handful and firm. Her nipples were standing out and pushing against my palm. 

I started kissing her neck and she reached down and pulled my shirt up, but I didn't let here take it off as I kissed down her body to her tits. The moment my tongue touched her nipple, you'd have thought somebody shocked her. I continued with my assault on her tits and my hands moved lower. I found her button and zipper and opened both. She didn't resist when I pushed them down her legs. I kissed my way lower while my finger found her shaved except for a landing patch. My finger went lower and slid along her wet slit easily. I looked up and she just smiled. Her eyes were smoking though and I knew she was wanting more. 

I got down on my knees and lifter one of her legs over my shoulder. My finger was rubbing along her slit and than slit inside. My tongue followed and I licked her. Her musk was heavy, but nice. I probed for her clit with my tongue and hit the spot. Her hips jerked and almost dislocated my jaw, but I didn't stop. After just a few minutes of this she was mewing and her hips were just flowing like a hula girl. My finger inside of her found her rough spot and she grabbed my head and pushed it away. Her eyes were on fire with lust. 

She pulled me to my feet, reached down and pulled my shorts down. Her eyes went right to my cock. Not that I'm huge, but I'm definitely above average at about 7 ½ inches. She grabbed my dick and started to guide me inside of her, but I stopped her, switching positions so that my back was against the wall. I than picked her up and she was able to guide me inside of her. "Put your feet on the wall behind me so that you can control how fast we go." 

She just smiled and did as I said. Soon I was sliding inside of her. She was so tight I didn't think I'd get all the way in. She paused and put her arms around my neck. We started kissing as she slowly lowered herself. She'd pause every few moments to adjust to me being inside of her. Once she was all the way down, she paused and we caught our breathe. 

"You're the first guy I've been with in over a year. You have no idea how good this feels."

I just looked into her eyes and kissed her. She started to move slowly and I reached behind her and grabbed her ass. It was the firmest ass I've ever felt. 

She was finally starting to loosen up and the pace got faster. She was breathing hard by now since she was doing most of the work. I worked one hand between us and rubbed her clit. She exploded. I felt her pussy start to vibrate and grab me. Her ass started moving every which way and after a few moments she just went limp. I had to put her down on the desk and she just laid back, my dick still inside of her. I was too close to stop now. "I'm close.," I told her. "Just give me a few seconds."

I leaned down and kissed her. After a few moments she started kissing back and moving her pelvis. So I reached down and grabbed her ankle. "Fuck me hard now. Give it to me. But don't cum inside, I'm not on anything." 

"I've been snipped, so I'm shooting blanks."

"I'd rather you pulled out. Please."

"OK." I just smiled and started fucking her harder.

"When you get close pull out and cum in my mouth."

My dick jumped and I started fucking her harder. "I'm almost there."

Just as I got to the edge, I pulled out and she jumped off the desk and onto her knees. No sooner she put her mouth on my dick, I started to shoot. As much as I came, she didn't miss a drop. I finally finished and she pulled off me. A little had dripped out of the corner of her mouth and I wiped it away. Than I leaned in and kissed her hard. She started to pull away, but than was kissing me back just as hard. 

We finally came up for air. "You surprised me when you kissed me. Most guys won't come near me."

"I'm not most guys."

"No, you're not. Two orgasms for me. Think you can make it three?" She climbed back on the desk and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was absolutely beautiful. I moved in and just gave it light kisses. Than I started in with my tongue. She was sopping wet. She was also very close. I hadn't even really started when her moaning started again. I slid two fingers inside, found the rough spot inside and gave her clit a hard lick when her head snapped back and her legs trapped me. Then she gushed all over my face. I couldn't hear much, but I did hear her let out a loud moan. She finally released me and I took a quick look at the door. I didn't notice anything and by this time Kaitlyn's legs had dropped over the side and she was just lying on her back breathing heavy. From my position, I got a great look at those magnificent mounds. I stood up and walked around the desk. She was just lying there with a smile on her face. "I think another two days of this kind of treatment, I'm going to need a vacation."

I just smiled at her and leaned down for a kiss.

It was going to be a great weekend...