 Kaitlyn and I left the room and headed back to the lakeside stage. We came up on Brad, Dan and Sean who looked at me with stunned silence. Kaitlyn's phone buzzed and she looked to see a text message. The guys were still just staring when Kaitlyn said "That was Mary. She's looking for me. I'm going to head back to the main stage and catch up with her. Are you going to be here for a bit?"

"I should be. The next couple of shows are going to be good ones. Besides, it's a bit cooler around the lake. Buzz me when you're ready to come back."

"Ok, probably about 30."

"Cya in a bit."

Kaitlyn ran off towards the main stage and I just stared at that awesome ass as it disappeared. I started to take a step and turned. I noticed the guys still staring at me. Dan said, "OK, details, now."

"What???" I asked innocently. I wasn't about to spill the beans. Too much of a chance one of them says the wrong thing at the wrong time. Besides, I knew this was going to torture them for a while. Being single again while they were all married kind of gave me a level of awe. It's not like the separation turned me into some Don Juan, but the guys wanted every detail of every date I had. Not that there was that much to tell. The few dates I had were disasters. Each of the women was more loathing towards her past relationships than the next. And the sex was even worse. My last date did nothing but complain about her ex-husband. She was attractive, about 5'3", 130lbs with long black hair and brown eyes. Her body was pretty fit for a woman in her 40's and she had huge tits. Her summer dress fit her nicely, even if it did show off her slight pooch and a slightly large ass. 

When I dropped her off at home, she invited me in for a "night cap". I figured I might as well get laid, so I followed her inside. After all the talk about how bad her husband was in the sack, I figured she might be looking for a good time. After a glass of wine, during which she did nothing but bad-mouth her ex, she leaned in for a kiss. It was like kissing a dead fish. Her tongue came out and she started licking my lips till I opened my mouth for her. She suddenly pushed me back on the couch and climbed on top of me. I had my head on the hard arm of the couch and she was grinding on me like her life depended on it. I was wearing jeans while she wore a summer dress. Thirty seconds later she was screaming like a banshee and I suddenly felt a wet spot growing on my pants. She fell back panting and just breathing like she'd run a marathon. I moved on top of her and tried to kiss her. 

"Just give me a sec. That was amazing. And you haven't even fucked me yet."

I started kissing her while she just lay there panting. She finally said "Let's go upstairs and get more comfortable." We got up and she led me upstairs. I got a good view up her dress and saw that she was still wearing her panties. By now my cock was rock hard. At the top of the stairs, I grabbed her hand and pushed her up against the wall. I started kissing her hard and ran my hands under her dress, lifting it up. I immediately went for her tits and found the front clasp. I was glad it wasn't in the back because now I had her bra open and could grasp those huge melons. Again, there was no response from her. Her kisses were lame and she just stood with her back against the wall. What happened to the crazy lady on the couch? I lifter her dress up over her head and she just let her hands drop to her sides. I saw her bedroom and pulled her in. She just got on the bed and lay back with her legs spread. I got undressed and climbed up on top. I tried to give her oral, but she just pulled me up and slipped my dick inside her sopping wet pussy. Nothing. She just laid there. After all of her talk about her ex, I figured she was a firecracker in bed. It turned out to be the opposite. I could have had more passion from a blow-up doll. I did my thing blowing a huge load inside of her and by the time I rolled off, she was sleeping. I just stared at her for a few minutes before getting out of bed, getting dressed and leaving. 

The sad thing is this lady wasn't even the worst. One lady acted like she'd never had sex before and another cried as soon as we were done. Before Kaitlyn, I was beginning to think I'd never have a good experience again. I hadn't been on a date in two months because I just didn't want to deal with the women that were available. 

I told Dan "There's nothing to spill. We've just been having a good time. What have you guys been up to?" I knew they didn't believe me, but I was keeping my mouth shut. Than Sean said "Boy is Jack going to be mad. I think he was planning on trying something." We all just laughed at that and walked over to grab seats in the grass. 

The music was awesome and the band had just finished their set when my phone buzzed. It was Kaitlyn. She and Mary were heading over. I texted to let me know when she was there and I'd come find her. A few minutes later, my phone buzzed again and I quickly found Kaitlyn and Mary. To my surprise, Jack and Al were with them. Jack was standing close to Kaitlyn and she had a nervous look on her face. She didn't say anything though, so I led the way back to where we were set up. I sat down and Kaitlyn tried to sit next to me, but Jack squeezed in between. Oddly enough, Sean got up and offered Kaitlyn the seat on my other side while he moved over next to Jack. I gave Sean a quick nod and he just winked. The look I got from Jack was anything but friendly. 

Not that I was worried. At 5'4", he wasn't much of a match for me at 6'1", 195lbs. Plus the last nine months of exercise had given me a good amount of strength. Throw in the karate I'd been taking for the past six months, and I wasn't too worried about problems. Besides, it seemed the rest of the guys had my back. 

Kaitlyn took my hand and squeezed it and I just smiled back. The conversation went easy from there, although, Jack was quiet. The next band came on and we all got up to dance. Well, as well as a bunch of white people could dance. But we had a lot of fun. I did my best to keep Jack away from Kaitlyn as he tried to squeeze in a few times. Each time he did that, Kaitlyn danced away and got closer to me. The band finally ended their set and we gathered our stuff to head back to the main stage. Kaitlyn walked next to me and took my hand in hers. She slowed a bit so that we were trailing the rest of the group.

"I hope I didn't cause any problems, but Mary was at the main stage when he showed up. I didn't have much of a choice but to walk over with him."

"Don't worry about Jack. I'm pretty sure the rest of the guys have my back. Which of course means they have yours as well. They'll keep him away."

"Good. He's really creeping me out." We continued to walk for a while just holding hands and not saying much.

"So, that was amazing in that office. I've never felt so alive. I kept thinking someone would walk in on us and it just turned me on more. How about you?" She looked up at me and I saw some hesitation in her eyes. 

"Are you kidding? You were amazing." I told her.

"Does it bother you that we're holding hands?" She asked me.

"No, why would you think that?" I asked.

"Well, it's not like you took my hand." 

I just looked at her, smiled and gave her a big kiss. It was right at that moment that the group saw us lagging behind and before I knew it, we were being hooted and hollered at. We both smiled and just looked up. Well, guess if they didn't know they know now. I made sure I took her hand this time and we kept walking. We got back to the main stage and made our way back to our spot. It was a little early for dinner, but we all decided to go now to avoid the big rush. Kaitlyn went off with Mary and her other friends while I went with the guys. I'm not even sure Kaitlyn was out of earshot when they started on me. I kept the office time to myself, but told them that I really liked this girl and that we were really hitting it off. They kept on till we were back at our spot and they saw Kaitlyn sitting there with her friends. Jack was nowhere to be found, but his pack was still there. 

I sat next to Kaitlyn and we listened to a few bands that played some pretty good music. At one point she leaned over and told me the girls were giving her a hard time. I told her I got the same. We finished eating and got comfortable on the blanket. Kaitlyn curled up next to me while we listened to some more music getting ready for the main event. She had her hand my chest so I took her hand and kissed her fingers. I wasn't looking at her face when I did this, but when I did, her eyes were glowing and she had that damn smile. That damn smile was killing me, but I wasn't about to tell her that. It was almost like she had some secret. "So, do you know why I wouldn't let you finish inside me?" "Uh, no, and I hadn't really given it much thought." I was a bit surprised by the question. "I really did want you to, but to be honest, the thought of sitting out here for the next six or seven hours with you cum leaking out of me wasn't really something I wanted to do. It's not that it's disgusting, but it's not really all that comfortable." 

I just looked at her for a few seconds. My ex-wife used to tell me the same thing. For some reason, hearing it from Kaitlyn make more sense. "That's OK. I should have thought about that, but to be honest, I wasn't really thinking that far ahead. Besides, I have no problem with how we finished."

She smiled and said "Well, I have to admit, it turns me on when a guy cums in my mouth. I'll have to give you a blow job later that will blow your mind." I swear I heard a small tear coming from my crotch. "I have to go pee. Want to come?"

"Uh, shouldn't you be taking one of your girlfriends?" Of course, I didn't wait for an answer and we walked towards the bathrooms. But she didn't lead me to the bathrooms. We walked behind the food court until she found a spot that she liked. She than reached up and pulled me in for a kiss. "So, do you remember when I told you I had cum twice? The first time was against the wall when you sucked my clit and rubbed my g-spot. Just so you know you're the only guy that's ever done that. The second time was when you came in my mouth. I could be the only girl that has orgasms giving blowjobs." She kissed me once more, than dropped to her knees. Before I knew it, but dick was out and she was sucking away. Damn she was good. After a few minutes of this, I was ready to explode. But she stopped and stood up. She took a quick look around, than dropped her shorts, then went back down to finish on me. I had to grab onto a tree to keep standing. I looked down and saw she had one hand between her legs. Her eyes were closed. I was right on the verge and told her. That just made her deep-throat me. I lost it. "Oh shit Kaitlyn. Now. Damn." I exploded into her mouth and then I saw here start to shutter as she came. I pulled her up to stand and kissed her hard on the mouth. Inside, I was hoping she had swallowed, but took a chance. Thankfully she had, than I took her hand that was between her legs and licked her nectar. I cleaned her up and she pulled her pants up. 

"That was awesome Johnny. I came so good. But now I really have to pee." We just laughed and headed to the bathrooms.

Man, if the rest of the weekend was anything like this, I was going to be in trouble.