 After stopping at the bathrooms, we headed back to our spot at the main stage. We got some strange looks, but Kaitlyn and I just ignored them. The next three hours went by pretty fast as we watched the last shows of the night. Kaitlyn was snuggled up in front of me. The sun had been down a few hours and by this time everyone had added a few layers of clothing. I snaked a hand under her top and was playing with one of her tits. I felt her nipple harden under my palm and she let out a small sigh, but then moved my hand away. I got a quick smile and wink. The last show ended and we packed our stuff. We decided to leave the tarps to try and keep the same spot for tomorrow. Once everyone had their stuff we headed to the buses.

The bus line moved pretty fast, but the bus itself was crowded. By the time I got on, it was standing room only. Kaitlyn squeezed in close to me so I wrapped my arms around her and held her close. We were finally underway so I put one hand on the back of the seat closest to us. Suddenly I felt Kaitlyn, at least I hoped it was Kaitlyn, slide her hand between us. She snaked her hand down my pants and started to rub my dick. I looked down and saw her smiling up at me, so thankfully I knew it was her. After a few minutes I was rock hard and just stared at her. There was that smile that gave me goosebumps again. All she said "Turnabout's fair play." I realized she was paying me back for feeling her up earlier.

Between her hand and the rocking of the bus, I was getting to a point that was going to be dangerous. "If you don't stop soon, I'm going to squirt all over the place." She giggled at that, gave me one more squeeze and than pulled her hand out of my pants. We stood like that for a bit. Kaitlyn was leaning her head against my chest and just staring out the window. I reached down, lifter her chin and gave her a kiss. That made her sigh and hug me tighter. 

We finally made it back to the camp grounds and got off the bus. It was a long trek back to our site. I guessed most of us were pretty tired and nobody said much of anything. Kaitlyn and I walked behind everyone holding hands. I said to Kaitlyn, "so what did you think of the shows?"

"They were great. I especially like the closing acts."

"Well, tomorrow is supposed to be even better."

"I know. My favorite band is playing at 10, but I'm starting to think I won't make it."

"We can try. Although I'm not going to put any money on making it there. It could turn out to be a long night."

We finally got back to the site. The girls headed over to their tent while me and the guys started getting things to together at our site. We noticed another tent was set up next to ours. It looked like the rest of our friends had gotten there, but were probably not back from the show yet. 

I was in the back of my truck getting some supplies out when I heard someone come up behind me. I turned to see Kaitlyn standing there with a couple of beers in hand. She offered me one that I took and we made a quick toast to a good day. She climbed into the back of the truck with me.

"So, kind of a crazy day, wasn't it?", Kaitlyn asked.

"Yeah. Not exactly how I thought the day was going to go. But I'm certainly not complaining."

"Me either. Just think about what the rest of the weekend could be like."

"Oh, I am", I said to her. "You want me to wash your back for you?"

She laughed. "I was thinking the same thing. But it's a bit too cold right now for a shower." She paused for a few minutes and I could tell she was thinking about something. Finally she asked me "So, what happens after this weekend?"

I didn't say anything for a bit. It had crossed my mind, but I hadn't given it much thought. Obviously she had. "I'm not sure. You go back to school and I'll be back home."

"I'll be back from school in a month and we don't live that far from each other. But my guess is that you aren't looking for anything permanent considering you're not even officially divorced yet."

"Honestly, that's not something I've thought about. If the right person came into my life, it probably wouldn't even be an issue. But you still have at least one more year of school and I'm sure as hell not going to get in the way of that." We both sat quietly for a few minutes sipping our beers. "Tell you what. Let's just take it as it comes for now and than we can reassess things as they come. I definitely want to see more of you."

She gave me that damn smile again. "I think you've seen as much as there is to see." Than she laughed.

I chuckled at that. "Guess you're right. Now I'd just like to see it more often." I leaned over and kissed her hard. Her arms went around me and the next thing I knew, I was on my back and she was straddling me. It didn't take long for things to get heated, but it stopped cold when Sean and Dan called, asking what was taking so long with the margaritas. Kaitlyn gave me one more good kiss and climbed down. She helped me with the stuff and before anyone else could complain, margaritas were being handed around. I came prepared and soon everyone was drinking and laughing. Our other friends arrived and soon we had our entire group around the fire, drinking and just having fun. 

After a while, Kaitlyn got up and pulled me aside. As soon as we were out of sight, she grabbed me and planted one hell of a kiss. I grabbed her legs, lifted her up and carried her to the back of my truck. Not really a romantic place, but I got the feeling Kaitlyn didn't care. Her mouth was hot on mine and when I slid my hands under her sweatshirt, her nipples were as hard as erasers. I got that familiar groan from when I play with her tits and the next thing I knew, she was on top grinding away at my crotch. 

"Tequila makes me horny as hell.", she said. 

"I'll have to remember that when we're back home. I keep quite the supply as it is."

"If you forget, I'll remind you." And she continued to grind on me. Thing were getting heated and my dick was straining for release. She climbed off of me for a moment, but only to remove her pants and mine. Before my dick could shrivel from the cold, Kaitlyn was back on top sliding me inside of her hot pussy. I was all the way inside her on the first try. Her pussy was super wet. She wasn't kidding when she said she was horny. She started riding me like a rodeo rider. I reached around her and grabbed her ass. This just seemed to get her going harder. 

"I've been dying to feel you inside me since that blow job behind the food tents.", she panted. "I can't believe I got you inside that fast, but I've been dripping wet since you played with my tits at the show."

She started riding faster and I could feel the truck rocking. If anyone came this way they'd get quite the show. Kaitlyn didn't seem to mind and her moaning started getting louder. I had a firm grip on her ass and moved one finger to her rosebud. Her ass was slick from her arousal and I started to rub her other hole. When I started to slide my finger inside she bit my lip and then let out a long moan. I slid past her sphincter and suddenly her motion became frenzied. She suddenly stopped and I felt her pussy clamp down on my dick. I felt her juice flow out of her, around my dick and down my ass as she came. She was holding back, but I felt the pressure around my dick. Then she was still and collapsed on my chest. Her breathing was heavy and ragged and her eyes were closed. I was still rock hard and inside of her, but I just let her lay like that. After a few minutes, her eyes opened and she was staring at me. Actually, through me. I wasn't sure she really knew where she was. Finally she refocused and smiled that damn smile. 

"So, when I get back from school, I expect a huge margarita waiting for me."

"It's a deal."

"My ass is cold", she said. "Care to warm it up for me?"

I didn't have to be asked twice. Kaitlyn's hips started to rock again. This time it was less frenzied. She kept rocking till we got into a nice rhythm. Her pussy was steaming and slick. The inside of the cab was steamy now and I pulled her shirt over her head. Now I had good access to her tits. Her nipples were standing out so I stuck my tongue out and licked them. It sent a shiver down her body. She was getting that look in her eyes that showed she was feeling everything I did to her. I was starting to get close now. I wanted her to cum for me again, but this time when I came. I grabbed her ass and spread her cheeks again. Her eyes focused on mine. "Are you going to play with my ass again?"

"Is that a problem?" 

"No. You're the first guys that's ever done that to me. It was amazing. I thought my whole body was going to explode. But I didn't want everyone to come running, so I held back a bit. It actually made it more intense."

"Good, because I was wondering why you held back. I thought there might be another reason."

"No, just didn't want to alert everyone to what we were doing this in the back of the truck."

We started rocking again. My finger played with her ass some more and she started moaning louder. Her hips were really rocking now, so I slid my finger inside of her. This set her off some more and her hips really began to rock. "I'm getting close." Her eyes started to become more unfocused and her breathing got heavier. 

"Me too, Johnny. Cum in me. Just promise me you can't get me pregnant."

"I can't. I'm shooting blanks, I promise."

"Good. Fill me up than."

Music to my ears. I started to pump faster and I was right on the edge. I slid my finger all the way into her ass and she started to go wild. I moved another finger and slid that into her ass. 

"Oh God, that's it. I'm cumming. Fuck me harder."

I fucked up into her and slid my fingers faster into her ass. "Shit Kaitlyn, I'm cumming." I slammed into her two more times and than I was cumming. That set her off and she was cumming.

"Oh Johnny. Yessss. That's it." She came. I felt her juices again running out of her again and I squirted some more. 

She fell on top of me and we just lay there. Her head was on my chest and I just played with her hair while listening the her breathing calm down.

"I can hear your heart racing. Was it as good for you as it was for me? And I'll tell you now, it was amazing for me."

I just smiled at that. Nothing like hearing a young, hottie tell me she was satisfied by me. "It was pretty amazing for me too."

We laid there for a while longer but the cold started to get to us. We got dressed and headed back to the campfire. Nobody had really noticed our approach, but when we finally sat down, Jack said "Guess you two were off getting to know each other better?" Kaitlyn just looked at me with that damn smile again. 

We all stayed up late, drinking talking and playing games. Finally, people started to drift off to their tents for bed. I looked over at Kaitlyn and she looked to be about to sleep. I reached over and shook her. She gave a shake and than looked at me. "Guess I dozed off for a bit. Maybe I should head to bed."

"Yeah, maybe. Want to use my tent?" I was set up a bit to the side. A couple of the guys are pretty good snorers, and it usually meant a long night.

"Are you sure? I wouldn't want to be in the way."

I just laughed. "Seriously? I'm pretty sure I'd have no complaints about finding you in my bed."

She laughed at that. "Let me get my stuff. Are you coming to bed?" 

"No, I think I'll stay up for a bit. Kind of tradition to be the last one to bed. But I'll come and tuck you in."

"Is that what the kids are calling it these days?"

She went and got her stuff and I showed her over to my tent. It wasn't very big, but it was home. Plus I had a queen air mattress. When she saw that she actually got giddy. "You mean I don't have to sleep on the cold ground? I would have had sex with you just for that."

"Gee, thanks. That's just what a guys wants to hear."

She laughed and gave me a kiss. "You know I'm just kidding." We kissed some more and when I made a move to grab her tit she said "I think I've had enough for today. But you better be ready for tomorrow. Don't stay up too late." She got comfortable on the mattress. I gave her one last kiss and headed back out. Before I even got out of the tent, she was sound asleep. Man, maybe I shouldn't stay up too late.