 I got back out to the fire. Sean and Brad were the only ones out there and it seemed Brad was out cold. Like an old mother hen, I shook him awake. He blinked at me and than was wide awake. "So, is she good?"

I just laughed at him. "Do you think I'm going to spill the beans?"

"Uh, yeah. We're all married and need something. So start spilling."

"Not going to happen. I like this girl and I'm not about to mess that up by telling you anything." I sat grabbed another drink and sat back down. Two of our other friends, Mary and Cheryl, came back out from their site. We had met them a few years ago and have been campsite neighbors ever since. Mary was married and used this as her weekend away from the family. Chery was single, but had been dating the same guy for about 10 years. 

"So where'd you disappear to?" Cheryl asked me. 

"I was just tucking in Kaitlyn." 

"Ahh, so the guys weren't kidding when they said you two were together."

"No, it just sort of happened." I'd had a thing for Cheryl for several years, but of course me being married and her being, whatever it was, kept anything from happening. Cheryl was a looker. About 5'6" tall with a nice lean body. Her tits were a bit on the small side. Her best feature was her eyes. They were almond shaped and an amazing blue color. "So, how are things with you?"

"Things are good. I broke up with Steve finally. Too many chances to do the right thing and he never did anything. So, I decided to move on."

"I'm sorry to hear that. How long ago?"

"It's been about five months now. This is actually the first thing I've done since then. Mary had to talk me into it and I finally decided yesterday. That's why we got here so late today."

I didn't push the conversation since it didn't seem like she wanted to go into details. "Did you get to see many of the shows?"

"Yeah, we got up here, set up our tent and headed over. So, how'd you two wind up getting together?"

"Kaitlyn got up here early this morning and we just hung out together all day. One thing led to another...". I just stopped there. 

"It sounds like it got serious quick. So, you're not married anymore?"

"No. Not since October."

Cheryl just sat there quietly for a while. "I'm sorry to hear that. What happened?"

"We just grew apart. Since we separated, things have been a lot better for me. It's been weird, but I think she was holding me back. I'm a lot happier now and most of my friends have commented about it."

"That's nice." She just sat there for a while. Sean and Brad were talking with Mary and noticed that Cheryl and I were quiet. Mary asked, "So what are you guys planning for tomorrow?"

Sean answered "Probably get up when we do and just take it as it comes. What about you guys?"

Cheryl said, "The same. I'd like to get there early since we missed half of today. But I have the feeling that won't be happening." 

"Probably not" chuckled Mary. Not if things continue like this." and she gulped the rest of her drink. "Got anymore of those margaritas?"

"Of course." I went over to our kitchen area and got all the ingredients. Cheryl followed me over. "So, how are things going with the single life?" I asked her.

"Not so good. I've been on a couple of dates, but they were total disasters."

"Yeah, same here. It seems that each is worse then the last." I laughed at that thinking back on some of the terrible dates I'd been on.

"Don't guys know how to act? I figured now that I'm away from the college scene, I'd find a decent guy. But they're all the same. I even had one guy ask if it was OK to get a hotel room since he was living with his mom. Like I was going to have sex with him on the first date."

"I'm guessing the living with his mom thing was a bit of a warning sign."

"Oh yeah. I cancelled on the spot. I'm starting to think I should put on a slutty outfit, go to a bar and screw the first guy that buys me a drink."

I didn't say anything, picturing her in a slutty outfit. "If I saw you walk in like that, I'd race to get whatever you wanted."

She just laughed and gave me a light punch in the arm.

I finished making the drinks, filled five cups and we walked back to the fire. It was getting late and everyone was quietly sipping on their drinks. Brad got up and went to bed when he finished his drink. 

Sean, Cheryl, Mary and I played a quick game of cards and then Mary suggested Truth or Dare. I got a bit hesitant, but decided to play along. "I'll go first", Mary said.

"Cheryl, Truth or Dare."

Cheryl replied, "Truth".

Mary laughed and asked her "Have you had sex with the ex since you broke up?"

Cheryl just stared at her. "Boy. Got right to the point, didn't you. No, no sex with the ex. Not that he hasn't tried. But I decided I needed to move on. My turn. Sean, truth or dare?"

Sean always liked to push things. "Dare."

"OK, I dare you to pretend to perform oral sex on Mary."

Sean just grinned and got down on his hands and knees in front of Mary, then spread her legs wide and acted like he was giving her oral sex. "My turn. Cheryl truth or dare?"

"Why is everyone picking on me? John, truth or dare?"

"Truth." I held my breath while Cheryl thought of something. "OK, have you ever had a threesome?"

"No, I haven't. My turn? Mary, truth or dare?"

"Dare."

"OK, return the favor to Sean." Mary just stared at Cheryl. 

"But I'm a married woman." She laughed at that and then got down in front of Sean and imitated giving a blow job. Sean helped her along by moaning and saying how good she was. After a couple of minutes, they stopped and Mary went back to her seat. "OK, Sean, truth or dare?"

"Truth"

"OK, have you ever cheated on your wife."

I knew the answer to that. Sean was one of the most dedicated husbands I'd ever met. "No, not even close. Johnny, truth or dare."

I decided I was going with truth because I was afraid of what he'd ask me to do. "Truth."

"What's the deal with you and Kaitlyn? Things seem to be moving along fast."

"Yeah, it's strange how fast things moved. But I have to admit, I really like her. I think if it weren't for school, we'd be dating when we got home. I'm not really sure what's going to happen though, but I'm going to make sure she wants things to continue."

"Well, good luck. She's a nice girl." If he only knew. I was looking at Cheryl out of the corner of my eyes and saw a look that I didn't recognize cross her face. My eyes were starting to shut, so I decided to head in for the night. I offered to help clean up, but Sean said he was going to stay awake a while longer. I'd heard that he'd been having issues sleeping since he was promoted. I didn't make a big deal out of it and just headed to bed. 

I tried to be quiet, but I guess the zipper on the tent was too loud. Kaitlyn stirred and than sat up. "So, you're going to make sure I want things to continue?"

I just stared at her shadow for a while. "Yeah. I know it's like putting the cart before the horse, but I'm hoping when you get back from school, we can actually have a real date." I climbed onto the mattress with her, but she was quiet for a bit. She laid back down with her back to me and I spooned in behind her. She snuggled in tighter but still didn't say anything. I said, "Cat got your tongue?"

She suddenly turned to face me and kissed me hard and passionately. "I'd like that very much. I wasn't sure if you were just saying those things before to get in my pants or not. Promise me one thing though."

"What's that?"

"You'll have margaritas with me after the date."

I laughed at that. "You got it." She kissed me hard again and rolled me on my back. She sat up and lifter her shirt over her head. I got a close up view of her magnificent tits again and didn't hesitate to grab them. 

Kaitlyn said "It's gotten hot in here suddenly." Then she pulled her pants off and pulled mine down. "I see you're happy to see me again." I wasn't actually hard yet, but was definitely getting there. She started kissing me again and slid down my body. There wasn't a ton of room in the tent, so when she took my dick into her mouth I grabbed her hips and swung her around so that her pussy was over my face. I dove right in and started to suck on her clit. She let go of my dick long enough to let out a long moan. She still tasted sweet, but there was a tinge of something else. Then I realized I had just poured a load of sperm into her pussy barely three hours ago. Her hips started to rock and her legs clamped around my head. I felt her lips on my dick again and she started sucking again. I reached one hand between us and she lifted her chest off of me just enough for my hand to squeeze between us. I pinched her nipple while sucking on her clit and she lifted her head again to let out a moan. She tried to pull away, but I didn't let her. I could still her moaning and her hips were bucking like crazy. I held on and gave her clit another good suck. This time her entire body went stiff and my face got flooded with her juice. She started to shake and she came again. This time her legs squeezed around my ears and I started to have problems breathing. I spanked her ass and she jerked off of me. She spun around and straddled my hips. "What was that for?".

"I couldn't breathe for a minute there." Her eyes got wide and she started to apologize. I didn't let her get far when I grabbed her, flipped her on her back and kissed her hard on the lips. She responded by wrapping her legs around my waist and using her legs to pull my ass down on her. The head of my dick brushed against her pussy and slit up across her clit. That made her shudder. I adjusted myself so that the head was just spreading her lips. Then she pulled down on my ass with her feet and I slid right in to the hilt. She just held me there, kissing me hard. She bit my lip and pulled just a little. I ground my pelvis into hers and a moan escaped her lips. "So, can you go slowly?"

"I'll try, but this feels so good right now I may not be able to last long." Her pussy was like a swamp. Wet and steamy. 

"With all the cum you shot inside me and all of my cum, it must be slick as ice right now."

"Your pussy feels amazing. I'm not sure I want to leave it." I started sliding in and out slowly. We fucked like that for a long time. She unwrapped her legs and I could feel her hips starting to move beneath me. "OK, now fuck me. Give it to me hard." I grabbed her arms and pinned them over her head. Her eyes got wide at this and I leaned in to kiss her. Then I was fucking her hard. She took a deep breath and responded by bucking against me. 

"I'm going to cum soon." 

"Inside me. I want to feel you squirting inside."

I obliged. Two strokes and I was spraying cum inside her pussy. She arched her back and came with me, although it wasn't as intense as some of hers other ones. When I'd finished, I just lay there, my dick going soft inside of her. Her eyes were closed and she had a small smile on her face. I rolled off and he eyes half opened. She looked spent. "I've never had that much sex in one day in my life. I hope I have enough for tomorrow."

"Oh, don't you worry. I'll make sure ready."

"Suck on my clit like you did and it won't take much else." She grabbed her pants and a tshirt and put them back on. I pulled off my top layers till i was down to just a tshirt. I put my shorts back on and snuggled up behind her. We pulled our sleeping bags over us and fell asleep.