 The sun came up early the next day. Kaitlyn was still asleep. I realized I had my hand on Kaitlyn's tit. Reluctantly, I removed it. This actually caused her to open her eyes. She rolled over and faced me. "Good morning. Why'd you move your hand? It was keeping my tit warm." She gave me that damn smile again. 

"I didn't do it without regrets, but I thought I'd let you sleep a bit." 

"That's nice of you. Guess I could use some more." I leaned down to kiss her and left the tent.

She was sleeping before I rezipped the door.

It didn't seem that anyone else was awake yet, so I wandered down to the toilet. By the time I'd gotten back, Cheryl was sitting in front of a small fire where she had a coffee pot getting warm. "Good morning. I'm surprised to see you awake already."

I just smiled. "I usually get up early these days. Oddly enough, when I was married, I could never get up early. Frustrated my ex to no end."

"Well, after listening to you and Kaitlyn, I figured you'd be out cold for most of the day."

I felt the heat rise in my cheeks. "You could hear us?"

"You're kidding, right? I don't know what you did to her, but she let out a scream that I'm pretty sure only the dead didn't hear. It took me another hour to get back to sleep."

I was so embarrassed and I knew that Kaitlyn would be too. "I'm sorry, I had no idea she was that loud. I hope nobody says anything in front of her."

"Oh, do you think that'll end your sex-a-thon? After whatever you did to her, I'm sure she won't hesitate to come back for more."

Great. All I could hope for was that nobody would say anything too embarrassing about it.

Cheryl was looking at me and wasn't hiding her smile. She was definitely having fun with it. "So, what exactly did you do to her? Maybe I can make a request."

"You'll have to find out from her. I learned a long time ago not to kiss and tell."

"Oh and a gentleman too. You're just making it tougher and tougher." Cheryl grew silent for a minute. "I think I'll just have to have a talk with her."

"I get the sense I'm about to get into some trouble."

Cheryl said, "Has it been tough for you to play the field again?"

"Yeah. Kaitlyn is actually the first girl that I've been happy with."

"And I'm sure it has nothing to do with the constant sex."

"No, really. She's easy going, fun and smart. I've only dated girls my age and most have them have become bitter for whatever reason. Kaitlyn doesn't have that bitterness. The fact that she's amazing sexually is just an added bonus."

"Maybe I need to start going to the college bars. The guys I've dated are just as bad as the woman you've dated. Maybe even worse. One guy went so far as to ask me if a hotel was OK because he was still living in a house with his mom. The worst part is that we hadn't even gone out on a date. And we never did. I still haven't had sex since we broke up."

Ouch. Last night probably didn't help matters. "You must be tearing through some batteries", I joked. She just laughed at that. 

"Well, until last night, it had been a while since I've needed them." Cheryl got a sly look on her face. "Maybe Kaitlyn will let me borrow you for a couple of hours."

I decided to hold my tongue at that. "So you haven't met anyone you'd sleep with?"

"When we first broke up, I tried. But most of the guys I met just didn't do anything for me. Then I went on this date with a guy a friend had set me up with. The date was great and we went back to his place. He offered me some wine and we sat on he couch talking. I was waiting on him to make a move and tried to drop all kinds of hints. He finally made his move and spilled my wine all over me. I was so horny, I just laughed it off and made a comment how he did that to get my clothes off. I was hoping he would take the hint, but all he did was keep apologizing. I finally had enough and left. I got home, stripped my clothes off and grabbed my favorite toy and went to town. But I was so frustrated, nothing happened and I just fell asleep."

"Wow, what a loser. You should have just stripped your clothes off there. Maybe he would have taken the hint."

"I doubt it. What about you? Any stories like that?"

"Well, maybe not quite like that, but plenty of horror stories."

"Tell me one. I could use a good laugh."

I thought for a few minutes and decided to tell her about my first date. "I met this lady at the supermarket. We were going opposite through the entire store and I finally made a stupid little comment about her stalking me. She just laughed and walked past. But than on the next aisle she said that if I wanted to ask her out, all I had to do was ask. So I did. I think she was shocked, but she gave me her number. I called her and we made plans for dinner. We decided to meet at the restaurant and we got there about the same time. The dinner was pretty good, but she kept bringing up how her ex-husband was so bad in bed. Then she found out he was screwing around on her and they were divorced. We finished dinner and decided to head to the bar for a drink. After a couple of drinks, she excused herself. When she came back, she dropped her panties in my lap and just sat down. We finished our drinks and headed out to the parking lot. I offered to drive, but she said she'd just follow me. We got back to my house and before the front door closed, her dress was on the floor and she was asking directions to the bedroom. I didn't wait and by the time I got there, she was already lying on my bed. I climbed on and started kissing her. When I made a move to go down on her, she stopped me and just told me to fuck her. I slid back up, put my penis at her opening and slid in. She was so tight it actually hurt, but she seemed to love it. Not even thirty seconds later she started making this yipping sound and came. She said that I was hurting her and made me get off of her. Then she got up and left. I was just staring at the door when I heard her leave out the front door."

Cheryl laughed out loud. "Sounds like some guys I know. Guess you had to finish by hand?"

I laughed out loud and just nodded my head. By this time, the others were stirring and I saw Kaitlyn climb out of the tent. She saw me sitting with Cheryl and came over. She had a strange look on her face, but gave me a kiss good morning. She hadn't slept for long, but she looked more rested than before. Then she sat down on my lap. "Hey Cheryl. Didn't think you'd get up so early. You were up pretty late with the guys last night."

Cheryl just said "Yeah, I'm not much for sleeping late."

Kaitlyn turned to me and said "I need to go to the bathroom. Care to walk with me?" How could I resist? We walked down to the bathrooms and I took her hand. She seemed to relax a bit. "So what were you guys talking about?"

"Oh, she was telling me about a bad experience she had a little while ago. It was supposed to be her first time with someone else after breaking up with her boyfriend and it turned into a horror story. Then I told her about one of mine."

"That's it?"

"Well, we may get a few comments about last night. Apparently, you were a bit loud." I kind of cringed expecting her to be upset.

All she said was "I was afraid of that. I'm surprised you didn't hear me, but I guess my legs were wrapped around your head. When I came, I lost control and just screamed. That was the best orgasm I've ever had and just couldn't control it."

I smiled at her. "Well, I guess if anyone was wondering what was going on, they won't be wondering any more"

We got to the bathrooms and I waited outside for her to come back out. After a few minutes, she came back out wearing just her shorts and my t shirt. "So are we going to exercise today? I could use a good stretch at least." 

"I wasn't sure, but if you want to, I'm all for it." We walked back to the site and I changed. Then I met her where she found me the morning before. "Back where it all began" She looked at me a bit strangely, but then realized what I meant. 

"Boy, I can't believe that was only yesterday. I feel like I've known you now forever." We started our warm-up and I could tell she was thinking. "I don't really know you that well at all. I know you were married and have kids, but I don't really know that much more about you."

"Well, we'll have all day to get to know each other better. Just ask and I'll tell you."

There's that damn smile again. It makes my knees weak and my dick hard every time. Things were going to be good. Just like I told Cheryl, she's fun, easy-going, and smart. But I also realized I didn't know much about her except that she was in graduate school and she liked the same music as me. Not too bad of a start really. Better then most of the dates I'd had over the past five months. 

"So, how old are you?" she asked.

"42."

She looked surprised. "Wow, I never would have guessed that. I thought you were maybe 35. And that was because you told my you'd been married over ten years."

"Does that bother you?"

"No, not at all. I just wouldn't have thought you were much older then me."

"Well, if things go like they have, I'm going to feel much older by the time I get home."

She laughed and we continued with our yoga. I let her lead today and she gave me one hell of a workout. "I want to make sure you're ready for everything I'm going to put you through today." That damn smile and a laugh. By the time we were done, I was sweating and had to remove my shirt. I heard some catcalls from the fire and realized that everyone was watching us. And of course Kaitlyn was right in the middle of downward dog and had her magnificent ass pointing right at them. I saw her blushing as she looked between her legs and I just laughed at her. We finished and went back up. Kaitlyn grabbed a couple of waters and then asked if I wanted to go shower. I went with her, we grabbed our things and headed to the showers. On the way up I left my shirt off. Kaitlyn said "There is no way that looking at you I would have thought you were 42. I'm not sure there are many guys my age that look like you."

I blushed at that and thanked her. I guess all that exercise I'd been doing the last year had really paid off. "So, you want me to wash your back?"

When we got to the showers, we didn't see too many people walking around. I tried to drop hands, but she held on and walked to the woman's shower. "Wait here." She came back to the door, looked around and then pulled me inside. We found a stall, stepped in and pulled the curtain closed. She turned the water and I stripped my shorts off. I then stripped her and we stepped into the shower. I was better than my word and washed her back and front. Actually, I spent a lot of time on her front. She had to remind me that others would be coming soon and we should hurry. But I could tell my attention to detail was getting to her. 

I asked, "Ever have sex in a shower?"

"No, can't say that I have." I bent over and kissed her. There was a chair right outside the shower, so I pulled that in and put one of her legs up so it was resting on the seat. Then I kissed my way down her body. I was still amazed how fantastic her body looked. Her tits didn't sag at all. Her abs were flat and her ass was tight. I moved my hand lower and found her slit was already slick. I continued to kiss my way down while I played with her pussy. She put her hands on my shoulders to balance herself and was quietly moaning. By the time my mouth found her clit, her hips were rocking and her breathing was getting faster. It wasn't long before she pulled me up standing and squatted down. She didn't waste much time before sucking my cock to the back of her throat. Her fingers were busy on her clit and she was sucking me fast and furious. She suddenly stood up, put her foot back on the seat and aimed my dick at her pussy. I slit right home and she grunted into my shoulder. Then I was fucking her fast and hard. She started to bite my shoulder and I was getting close. "I'm ready to cum." "So am I", she grunted into my shoulder. Then she rocked her hips and I was shooting into her. And then I felt her pussy start to spasm and she bit my should again, trying to keep herself quiet. I finally finished and just started to kiss her. She held onto me for a few more seconds and then stood up on her own. We rinsed ourselves off and got dressed. Kaitlyn checked outside the curtain and then grabbed my hand to pull me out the door. Just as we left, a couple of girls came in and stood staring at us. Kaitlyn and I just dashed out the door and ran up the hill towards our campsite. 

What a great start to another day.