 I walked into a small roadside diner just after 2:30 on a Thursday afternoon looking for a quick bite to eat before heading back into the city. Sitting down on a stool at the counter I looked around, nobody was here. 'That's not that unusual' I thought, 'probably just stocking up in the back'. I waited a bit longer before starting a small walk around, checking the other areas that I could see and saying 'hello' a few times, nobody responded. I was just about to leave when I heard a soft voice coming from the back, I couldn't make out any words or where for sure it was coming from, but I worried that maybe someone had fallen or had been locked in a fridge or freezer or something. So being the nice guy that I am, I walked into the kitchen of the diner, hearing the sound coming from the back of the kitchen I continued on my way to it, still unsure who it was or if I could help. Stepping down into a hallway I heard the sound coming from behind the door, I opened it and did not expect to see a gorgeous black haired, bright white skinned girl laying on a table, legs spread and masturbating in front of me. She was moaning softly with her eyes closed, fingers working into her pussy quickly, her other hand was flying over her clit, she was definitely getting close to an orgasm, her moans were growing in intensity. 

She probably felt me watching her because she opened her green eyes and looked across the room into my eyes and smiled as she continued to finger fuck herself. Without a word she pulled her fingers from her pussy and I understood what she wanted, I was happy to oblige, sitting down in a chair that was beside the table and diving into her sopping wet snatch. She tasted sweet on my tongue as I licked her all over, my fingers finding their way deep into her begging hole.

Grabbing the back of my head and pulling my face into her pussy, she began grinding her hips as she came, her pussy clamped my fingers, pulsing. She cried out as she came, I could feel her orgasm through my fingers and when it was over she pulled my fingers from her pussy and sucked them clean. Obviously by this point my cock was rock hard, the girl did not fail to notice, unzipping my jeans and as I stood up pulling them down. She reached under the waist band of my boxers and stroked my shaft, smiling at me from behind her long black hair, partially covering her face, she got on her stomach on the table and in a quick motion pulled my cock out and slipped it into her mouth. I was groaning within seconds as she worked me over expertly. This girl could really suck dick, her tongue swirled the shaft while she sucked and her hands worked my balls and the base of my cock. It was only minutes before I felt the dire urge to cum, she could tell and she slowed down a little, taking me from her mouth and licking the head of my dick while she gripped the base tightly. I couldn't believe this, it was by far the best blow job I had ever had and it was going so fast! As I moaned I wanted to beg her to suck my dick so I could cum in her mouth, but she again knew what I was thinking already and quickly deep throated me then bobbed her head on my cock while jerking me off in just the right spots to hurry the process, and without the benefit of a real warning she sucked as much of me into her mouth as she could as the cum exploded from my cock, shooting stream after stream down her throat, swallowing every drop. I noticed at this point that she was getting off on the blow job, she had been fingering herself the whole time and was cumming again now that she was swallowing my hot jizz. When I had finished cumming she licked my cock all over, making sure there was no cum left on it, stood up, straitened her skirt and walked out to the front of the restaurant. I pulled up my jeans and followed, sitting back on the stool I had been on before.

"Hi, I'm Aimee, what can I get for you?" she said as she took my order, like nothing ever happened...