 We pulled up to the house and in to the wrap around driveway. He stopped by the edge of the porch and cut the engine. The sky was still dark but you could see the traces of blue as the sun got ready to rise. The second the engine noise had stopped I began to realize how awkwardly quiet it was outside my rolled down car window. No birds were chirping yet, and everyone besides us was asleep, so it felt like we were the only ones left.

"Well... I had a really good time."

I turned my head to meet his glance. He was leaning back in his seat his moppy blonde hair covered his eyes a little but I knew exactly where he was looking. He was looking right at me. Just like he always was. Just the way I liked it. 

"I did too." I wasn't lying when I said it. Tonight had been exactly what I wanted... Yet somehow I now found myself wanting more. He propped himself up a bit and leaned in my direction. I turned in my seat and suddenly we were face to face. I'm sure my breath smelt like beer but he didn't seem to mind, in fact I think it pleased him a bit.

"I don't normally drink like this." I blurted out. 

His smile widened and he shook the hair out of his face. "I know that." I closed my eyes relieved. When suddenly I felt his hand on the back of my neck. Then his lips were pressed against mine. 

They were soft and warm against mine and I pressed myself hard against them not wanting it to end. We had been best friends a long time and we had been flirting for a long time, but he had never kissed me before. 

My head started to spin and I pulled away. He looked at me stunned. "I... ah... I'm sorr..."

Before he could finish I pulled him back in. I didn't know if it was the alcohol talking or what but I needed to kiss him again. I moved from the top lip to the bottom lip and I could feel him start to relax. By the end of that kiss his hand was back in my hair and he was pulling me closer. 

I felt his tongue slide past my lips and into my mouth. It was warm and sweet and rough. We kissed for another minute before he pulled his face away. I knew what he was thinking. We were friends and we had never been at this point before. Even though we had felt it rising up for so long now. He smiled at me and moved in for another kiss. But this time I stopped him. 

Because I didn't want to just kiss him. We weren't high school kids. I moved around in my seat and pushed my ass up onto the center consol and then into the back seat. He just stared at me. Completely bewildered I'm sure. But alcohol or not. I knew I wanted this. He had long been someone I fantasized about. 

"Well... are you coming?" I asked. He unhooked his seatbelt and turned around to face me in the back seat. He awkwardly crawled by me and sat down. I crawled on top of him. Spreading my legs and straddling him caused my skirt to roll up my thighs a little bit. I could tell he was taken back by this entire thing because he had yet to put his hands on me. Instead they were just frozen in the air. It looked ridiculous, so I leaned in and kissed him again. 

I moved back and forth between his top and bottom lip, kissing gently. I felt his hands settle on my legs. Not moving anywhere just relaxing against my cold clammy skin. I moved my kisses down his cheek to his ear where I nibbled against his lobe. Because of the way his head was tilted his mouth was right near my ear as well and after a moment I heard him whisper "This feels like a dream."

I sat back up and leaned forward so that we were only an inch apart. We just stared at each other. My pussy was hot, I had it pressed up against his jeans and I could feel a wet spot forming at the entrance. I wanted him so badly. I pushed my hands through his shaggy hair and then I felt his hands move. They started slowly moving up my legs, kneading my thighs with his finger tips. One hand made its way to my underwear and he rubbed his hand across my pussy.

I leaned in and kissed him. He rubbed over my mound and the sensation made me think that I was going to jump out of my skin. I moaned loudly. He kissed me hard and pushed his finger up again my underwear right on my clit. 

I felt his cock struggle against his jeans. He rubbed his finger in a circle around my clit, soaking my underwear in the process. His other hand moved up to my neck and tangled itself in my hair. We were kissing more passionately than ever now. I grinded myself into him trapping his hand between my underwear and his own bulge so that he had no where to go. 

I felt him pull my panties to the side and a second later his warm fingers slid into my pussy. I let out a loud moan and he broke our kiss with a smile. My pussy was so wet and he slid his fingers all the way in and then all the way back out to my clit again. My hands moved from his shoulders down his chest to where his jeans started. 

I had to pull my mouth away from his and look down to concentrate on undoing his button. I was still pretty drunk. He now had two fingers in my pussy, pushing hard against my g-spot as his thumb massaged my clit. My underwear were stretched off to the side as I undid his zipper. He removed his hand from me and quickly nudged his jeans and his boxers down. 

I just stared at him. His cock was huge, and standing tall just inches away from my pussy. The tip was purple and swollen, and a clear gloss covered it. I moved my hands to it and pushed my thumb over the head massaging the moisture into it. He fumbled around in his dangling jeans for a moment before pulling out his wallet. Then he pulled out a condom and handed it to me.

I ripped it open while I felt his hand travel back to my pussy. He circled my clit as I rolled the condom down over his huge cock. Then we just looked at each other. 

There was an awkward moment. We were about to do this. About to go from friends to more than friends. As if we hadn't already. He smiled and then leaned forward to kiss me. I didn't kiss him then though... I pulled my face away a little bit just dodging his as I pushed myself up and directed his cock into my pussy. My panties still pushed to the side. Just the tip was enough to stretch me and I bit down hard on my lip as I forced all the rest inside. Only when I got it all in did I let him kiss me. And he kissed me hard. My pussy ached and squeezed against him. Under my skirt he wrapped his hands around my hips holding onto my ass cheeks. He held me in place as he thrusted up into me slowly. Taking an extra moment to grind into me pushing my swollen clit against his bare skin. My pussy was on fire but I loved it. I loved the way he felt deep inside me, stretching me to the hilt. I broke away from our kisses and leaned forward to his ear, taking my time to lick and suck on his earlobe as he fucked me. 

He released his grasp on my ass cheeks and I started to ride him pushing back and forth, bobbing up and down in the back seat of his car. His fingers again found my clit and he rubbed it in circles. I didn't even know I was about to cum but a second later I felt the first wave pour over me. I immediately tensed up and he rubbed harder pulling me all the way down on his dick. My pussy squeezed and I moaned loudly. He pushed his mouth against mine as wave after wave of my orgasm shot through me my pussy hugging him harder each time. He grabbed on to my ass again and started to fuck up into me. I was still coming down from my own orgasm when I felt him bury his head into my chest right between my breasts and his whole body tensed up. He fucked me deep and hard and fast until finally he let out a little moan and began to relax. I found his mouth with mine. 

I just sat on his still cumming cock and kissed him for a minute. He finally opened his eyes and stared at me. We kissed for a while until I finally raised myself off of his manhood and repositioned my underwear. He fixed himself and then pulled his jeans up and a second later we were just seated next to each other in the back seat. He turned to me and kissed me one more time. 

"Well... I had a really good time." He said laughing. And I just pushed him on the shoulder lightly. I reached over and unlocked the door opening it slightly. A cool air passed by me and as I looked around I noticed the sky was a pale blue and the birds were now chirping in the distance. He got out behind me and as I went to walk away he grabbed my hand and pulled me back into him. He swung his hand up into my hair and pulled me hard against his body kissing me one more time before getting into the front seat and starting the car. 

A good time? Really? I can't even imagine what a great time is like...