 ((Authors Note -- 

Please note that this is Adult Fiction, so should only be read by those who qualify!

Okay, here's the Final Episode of Doctor Franchetta's remarkable birthday, and a big thanks to those readers that have stayed the course so far!

As with all multipart stories, it will make most sense if read in sequence, but here's a quick precis of 'events' so far... 

Doctor Fay Franchetta, CME and head of the Corpus Christie Forensic Centre, has big plans for her special day. Most of which involve spending a lot of time in bed with her FBI husband, Ben! For a variety of reasons these quickly go awry and instead she has to deal with Detective Sarmino, her ex-Investigator, and the big crush he has on her. Then there are some ex-employees who are currently dressing as Aliens and robbing/assaulting people in the vicinity who give her a hard time, along with some college freshmen. Finally there are major blow-ups with the CCFC Union, led by Earl, her own Head Of Security. That led to some reluctant, if awesome, sex with the staff and a whole new relationship with her friend and work colleague, Pam, which opened her eyes to a lot of intimate things! And to top it all, there'd been yet another 'incident' with Detective Sarmino who was getting more than his fair share of birthday goodies today!!

Life and birthday were getting distinctly complicated as Fay chased satisfaction!

Duke )) 

24 - Recovering From Sarmino 

-------------------------------------------------

When I came out of my private bathroom, cleaned up, freshly showered, and feeling distinctly less shabby, I was relieved to see that Sarmino had gone, leaving my Executive Office at the CCFC empty. 

At least that put off the big showdown that I'd been mentally rehearsing! 

I'd also dispensed with my white lab-coat and put back on the fawn Summer dress and all the sexy lingerie that I'd bought specifically to turn on my FBI husband, Ben. I shook my head sadly at the thought. It was my birthday present to myself and him, but it felt like he was practically the only male in the city that hadn't already had an eyeful! 

The planned sexy get-together at our hotel, one of the best in Corpus Christie, had gone awry even before we'd had a meal together when the bloody FBI had called him out on yet another 'emergency'! I suppose that I should have been proud that they thought so much of him, but all I could think about at the moment were all the missing orgasms he was supposed to have given me by now!! And after all that had happened since, I was still feeling as horny as hell!

I still found it hard to believe that me, Doctor Fay Franchetta, a sophisticated professional lady in theory, Chief Medical Examiner for the County and head of the famous Corpus Christie Forensic Centre had somehow allowed myself to get embroiled in a whole series of sexually charged episodes all afternoon. And it was supposed to be my day off!!

The latest encounter with Detective Sarmino had been a case in point. I suppose that it had been my fault that he'd encountered me in my office totally naked, but normally I'd have risen to the occasion and handled the situation with quiet aplomb, got dressed and then had a meaningful conversation with him about the 'Alien' impersonators that he was chasing around the area. The two of us have a history that goes way back and the big detective has always had a crush on me, but I knew about it. I handled it. Normally!

This time I'd looked into his lust filled eyes like a scared rabbit and he'd obviously seen the same lust and frustration in mine that had been building in me all day. 

So, despite my relatively pitiful and half-hearted attempts to stop him he'd pinned me up against the bathroom door and fucked me. And I'd let him! I'd become so desperate for a climax after so many near misses this afternoon that my response had been animal like, letting him penetrate me with his big, hard cock and then riding him for all I was worth, just desperate to come at long last! Not that I'd even had that satisfaction as he'd exploded inside me way, way too soon. I could have killed him! 

I shook my head angrily. Reliving the moment was making me feel even hornier! It wasn't as though it was the first time today he'd had me either. I was starting to lose count of the times circumstances had thrown us together, and he'd taken advantage!!

I glanced rather wistfully at my reflection in the mirror. My blonde, shoulder length hair was back in shape, neatly arranged to frame my strong facial features. My steely blue eyes sparkled mischievously as I let a smile wipe out the anger. Actually, despite everything I congratulated myself on my looks. People still thought that I was pretty hot for a lady who was reluctantly accepting that she was finally leaving her 'thirties' behind. 

At least that's what Pam, my colleague and friend said and who was I to disagree! The thought of Pam made me swallow and come out in a little sweat. Had our relationship changed forever after that session in my shower? It had been less than an hour ago and I could still almost feel the warmth of her hot flesh on mine as we'd so unexpectedly caressed! 

My horniness level rose up yet another notch!

I twisted my head to get a better look at the rest of my body in the mirror. Good legs and the thin, fawn dress with the plunging neckline clung provocatively to my figure, emphasizing my narrow waist, pert bum and decent bosom. Well, I'd bought it specifically to turn on my husband so it really should have shown me off well. After all it had cost a fortune! It was just a shame that he'd seen so little of it so far, unlike Detective Sarmino! 

I dragged my eyes away from the mirror and considered options. 

Looking through my window I could see that the sun was getting lower over the big city buildings and, checking my watch, was amazed to see that it was after half past seven. I then checked my phone and my heart zinged when I saw that I'd had one from my missing husband. So, maybe the FBI was allowing him some personal time after all!

It was a long text, full of apologies about leaving me at the hotel, full of compliments about how good I'd looked and full of anticipation about how he'd definitely get away tonight and would meet me at our home later where he apparently intended to make it all up to me! He finished by apologising again and hoping that my afternoon hadn't been too boring. God, if only he knew!!

In my current state of arousal, the compliments were welcome, but the statement about what he'd do to me later really had my heart fluttering! I quickly forgave him everything!

But I suspected that the FBI 'later' would really be much later than this, so I sat down at my desk and tried to concentrate on some work for a while, difficult as it was though as images of our bed covered with our contorted, straining bodies kept flooding in!

25 - Portia and Union 'Friends' 

-------------------------------------------------------

At half past eight with the sun almost down, and creating a beautiful vista of oranges and reds amongst the few clouds on the horizon, I packed up my work and switched off the computer. It was time to go home and, hopefully, get a good seeing to from my errant husband. My pussy was throbbing already! 

I slipped a few documents into my trusty old leather briefcase and gave the office a quick once-over. Normally I viewed the place as something of a calm sanctuary given all the stuff I normally had to deal with at work but now? Jesus, there'd been more sexual activity in here today than I normally had in a month, or maybe two! I shook my head in disbelief, closed the door and headed for the lifts.

Down in the basement, I called in at security to get the keys for our 'pool' car. I'd been somewhat hesitant about it because if I'd come across Earl, there was a strong chance that I'd have done something stupid...firing him on the spot was one possibility with all the aggro that that would cause, or maybe just shooting him with my small .38 revolver might have been an equally attractive option!

Fortunately Portia was on duty on her own. I decided not to ask about Earl and she didn't volunteer where he was but did smile a little as she noted me sliding my gun back inside my bag!

"Feeling okay?" she asked with a slight note of concern. Maybe she was worried that I would fire her instead?!

I decided not to mention the session in the shower with Pam or the follow-up with detective Sarmino.

"Actually, not too bad at all..." I responded slowly, "...considering!" 

And actually, after all that I'd gone through today, I was surprised to find that I really didn't feel as bad as I'd expected, and really was looking forward to even more sex when I got home! How quickly I'd become the company slut!

She laughed at my response.

"You know, everyone's really amazed that you went through with it. You've done wonders for staff morale!"

I too was amazed, but for different reasons! Then I noticed that she was holding something back, and she looked a little guiltily behind her.

"What's up?"

She seemed unsure what to say.

"Okay, out with it!" I commanded.

"Well, it's just that some of the girls have been talking and we ... well, we're a bit miffed that the guys are getting a piece of you in this deal...and ...well, we aren't..."

My eyebrows shot up. Not so much at the way that she was thinking, more along the lines of not really seeing what I could possibly do about it! How I'd managed to get myself totally out-manoeuvred by her seedy boss, Earl, my Head of Security and Chief Union Negotiator on site, into fucking a large section of the Union's male staff section in exchange for him dropping their latest bonus demands was still a sore point with me. In more ways than one!

"We just thought that maybe..." she paused for a second and glanced to one side, before diving on in a rush, "...well, we could have a monthly 'girlie' session as well. I've got loads of toys at home, and some of the other girls have too so we could just have an hour or so where we kind-of fucked each other senseless, girl on girl as it were!"

My eyes must have been like saucers and my mouth opened wide.

"Sorry ...it was just a thought..." she added slowly.

I was silent for long seconds whilst I digested the proposal. Girl on girl? Really?! Given what I'd seen earlier, I certainly didn't doubt that Portia would have the appropriate equipment, but even so!

Just then I was distracted by sounds from the office behind her. It sounded like a woman in pain!

I craned my head around the open office window, and finally caught sight of what had been distracting Portia. And now it was distracting me too, big time!!

"What the..." I gasped in surprise.

At the back of the small office I saw Samantha, one of our young lab assistants, sitting perched on the end of a small desk. That would have been only vaguely surprising in itself because she normally spent her time in the big labs upstairs, but she wasn't wearing her lab-coat so was presumably off duty at this hour, and being down here was probably okay. 

The lab-coat wasn't the only thing that she wasn't wearing though! Her pretty lemon blouse was unbuttoned, wide open and almost falling off her narrow shoulders. The delicate, lacy white bra underneath had been pushed up so that her modest breasts were exposed and one of them was being sensuously massaged. I could see that both of her dark, stubby nipples were erect and getting bigger each time the roaming fingers slipped over and teased at them!

The hands caressing them didn't belong to Samantha though. Behind her I could see another woman with her arms wrapped around the young woman. It was Lee Turner, head of our Library section. She is a short, slightly plump woman in her mid thirties with a round face and dark, black hair done in a very severe style that had made Pam and I wonder out loud a few times on whether that was a guide to her sexual orientation.

Given the way that she was expertly caressing Samantha's tender orbs whilst her head nuzzled into Samantha's neck as she kissed her way up the young girl's slender neck, it was looking more like the question should be about whether she was also a femdom! Samantha's long auburn hair was loose, cascading gently over the white skin of her shoulders and Lee had had to push it to one side to get at her neck and ear. Samantha's head was leaning in towards her tormentor, her eyes closed and her face a picture of bliss as she responded to the electric touch of the older woman!

Jesus, two female staff members making out in front of me... and on CCFC property. What was I supposed to do?

I continued to stare at the hot action, goggle eyed.

Portia wasn't sure about my reaction and probably remembered the gun in my bag! She coughed to attract their attention.

Lee looked up and saw me. She looked surprised for a moment, but not worried in the least, continuing to massage Samantha's boobs as a devilish smile spread over her face. Samantha looked too far gone to notice any interruptions! Her eyes stayed blissfully shut, one hand rising to caress the side of her tormentors face and run through her short, dark hair.

Emboldened by my lack of action, one of Lee's hands dropped down Samantha's side to run over the top of her thigh before grasping the hem of her black pleated skirt and dragging it upwards. She wasn't wearing stockings, and as more and more of her firm, white thighs were gradually exposed I found that my mouth had gone dry and my eyes had widened even further. I suddenly realised that I'd stopped breathing, waiting for that magical moment when the skirt would rise up above her waist and expose Samantha's pussy.

When it did I couldn't help letting out a long deep sigh as I took in the sight of her mound, tightly covered by a white thong. The thin, delicate material was tightly drawn over her sex and down between her legs, little strands of dark pubic hair peeping out from the sides. In my current horny state, I was mesmerised as I took in the erotic sight.

Lee didn't stop there though. Having tucked in the skirt and leaving Samantha's lower body exposed, she continued to massage one of her perky breasts, but let her other hand slip down over the white thong material, cupping Samantha's pussy and making her moan with the pleasure of the intimate touch. Obligingly, she opened her legs wider so that Lee's fingers could explore deeper down! 

I swallowed, seemingly rooted to the spot, wondering how far Lee was going to let this go.

The answer was...much further!

She let her hand and skilful fingers roam all over her prey's pussy and then down lower, pushing the delicate white material into the valley of her slit, rubbing away at the sensitive skin beneath the thong, making Samantha's clit absolutely burst out with pleasure! It was clear from the way that the young woman was now positively squirming in Lee's arms, moaning and sighing at her touch, that she was well on the way to a climax. God, but I felt so, so jealous!

Lee hadn't missed the signs either as she upped the pace. One hand was taking it in turns to squeeze and pull at Samantha's rock hard nipples and the other now slipped inside the thong and I watched incredulously as I saw the fingers wriggle around under the damp crotch material. At first they seemingly disappearing inside the writhing young woman's hot vagina, making her stiffen and groan with satisfaction at the intrusion, but then rising higher and starting to work seriously on her pulsating clit! 

Samantha's moans were quickly joining together into a long low mewling as she felt the combined attention on her body's most sensitive, erotic spots become too much to bear and her back suddenly arched as she cried out uncontrollably as a big orgasm finally took her. Her reaction to the big release was strong, and for a moment I thought that she would topple off the desk, but Lee hung onto her until the big moment started to subside.

Almost throughout, Lee had been staring mischievously into my shocked eyes as she'd brought her young partner to her pulsating release, but now she smiled more warmly as she slid her hand slowly out of the white thong, turned Samantha's head her way and gave her a long, lingering kiss!

Samantha's flushed features were finally coming back to normal and I saw her eyes flicker open as she returned Lee's sensual kiss. In a moment she would probably see me.

I gasped, and pulled back from the window, breathing hard after witnessing such an erotic event. For some reason I didn't want Samantha to know that I'd been watching her lesbian moment, maybe because I wouldn't want to spoil it for her, maybe also because I was slightly ashamed that I'd just stood there and watched, and maybe because the hot action had turned me on! I could feel the intense tingling feeling between my legs that had been with me most of the day now. What was the matter with me!

Portia was still there, in front of me, looking at me with some concern. I imagine that the jumbled up mess of emotions that had just passed over my face would have been enough to alarm anybody!

"Errr, sorry about that, " she said, before hesitantly adding, " ... actually, it was Lee and Samantha that were the main movers in proposing that little idea of ours..."

I was confused. What the hell was she talking about?

Then my eyes widened yet again as I remembered what Portia had been talking about before. The possible monthly girl on girl sessions with the female Union members!

I shuffled uncomfortably on my feet as I imagined the feel of Lee's knowledgeable fingers roaming about inside my own panties. I had to squeeze shut my eyes quickly to control my imagination! 

Portia was studying my face with some concern again and was about to say something but I put up my hand to silence her. The crazy thing was that I was actually considering it! After all, as things stood my arrangement with Earl could have been construed as sex discrimination, and having a 'girlie' session would certainly solve that little conundrum. And now that I'd already been introduced to some serious girl on girl action today, I was feeling that maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea anyway! 

Maybe I could get Pam involved as well?!

I'm pretty sure that Portia wasn't expecting my response because this time it was her eyebrows that shot upwards in surprise as I finally found my tongue.

"Okay then Portia. That sounds like a reasonable request. You make the arrangements and supply the 'toys', but absolutely privacy, absolutely no men and no more than two hours!" At least putting the time limit on would sound like I was managing the situation should Bruce get to hear about it!

I drew up my chest, did my best to look 'managerial', grabbed the keys for the pool car and strode, chuckling to myself, out into the loading bay and leaving Portia looking on astounded!

26 - Unexpected Police Action 

-------------------------------------------------------

In the outside yard, I stopped.

It was eerily quiet and the setting sun had left long, black shadows sprawling across the concrete surface. I couldn't see anyone around but, as I looked nervously around me, I couldn't throw the sudden feeling that had crept up my spine that someone was watching me!

I turned to look backwards, but there was no sign of Portia. Maybe she'd gone back into the office to make up a threesome! Maybe I should have gone back myself and made it into a foursome! I shook my head to clear away the craven thoughts. Come on Fay, you're not going to be intimidated by a few shadows surely?!

So, bitterly regretting my decision from a few months ago to have the pool vehicles parked on the other side of the compound, I drew myself up straight again and started walking. But not straight across the yard. We have a big generator hut in one corner, responsible for some of the shadows that had just thrown me, and I made a diagonal move so that I could walk into those shadows intending to use it as cover and go around it rather than stay out in the middle, a lonely 'target' on the golden yellow light!
