 Bradley Hicks took one last quick look around outside then shut the door of his office beside the gymnasium in the High school, leaving just himself and the girl alone inside.

“I think we’ll be safe in here, no one will disturb us at this time.” The school’s gym coach looked up at the clock on the wall which read 4:15; Most of the students and faculty were gone home by now.

The thirty-five year old gym teacher crossed across his small office to where his student was waiting for him. Tina was sitting perched at the edge of his desk. She was probably one of the High School’s hottest seniors, not to mention a huge flirt, and rumored slut.

Tina brushed a lock of her shoulder-length red hair back behind her ear as her coach came near. She had just finished tennis practice, and was still wearing her tennis outfit. A short white skirt showed off most of her creamy thighs, and the only other garment was a very tight tank top. Her teenage breasts were stuffed inside that tank top tightly, straining the fabric. Coach Hicks couldn’t help but be amazed each time he stared at them; she was only 18 but she had to at least fill out a full double-D cup. She was still sweaty from practice, and her cleavage was moist with perspiration, making it glisten even in the shoddy lighting of the public school.

“Where were we?” The gym coach asked as he took off his whistle from around his neck and tossed it onto his desk. He was now standing right beside Tina, and placed his hands on her bare thighs.

“I was telling you I would do just about anything to be the captain of the tennis team this year, coach.” Tina told him. Her voice was very soft and flirty, and she licked her lips just a little.

“Oh, anything?” He asked with a grin, and took his hands off her thighs, to pull down the front of his running pants. His semi-erect cock sprung up eagerly.

Tina gave an excited smile and reached down, wrapping her hands around her gym teacher and coach’s cock. She squeezed it slightly, feeling it growing by the second in her warm, soft hands.

“Is this what you had in mind, coach?” The senior asked, still toying with his cock in her delicate hands.

“That’s good for starters, Tina.” The middle aged teacher nodded as he spoke, then grabbed a hold of her shirt at the bottom, and began peeling it off, lifting it up her body.

Tina raised her arms up, letting the coach strip off her shirt. As soon as her tank top was lifted up over her head, she pulled off her sports bra next, letting her huge, teenage melons spill out with a slight jiggle.

Coach Hicks couldn’t believe how much huger they looked once she took off the bra. Her milky breasts were nice and perky, for being as huge as they were, and her stiff nipples were wide, probably three inches in diameter. There was a sprinkling of freckles across her upper chest.

Tina wrapped her hands around her coach’s cock again, stroking back and forth, as he cupped her breasts in each of his large, strong hands. Coach Hicks squeezed her tits firmly, pressed them together, and lifted them up.

The busty student sat at the edge of the desk in just her tennis skirt, jerking off her teacher as he continued to knead and play with her tits. Then the gym teacher leaned down, licking one of her big nipples. He rolled his tongue all over the areola then gently bit down on her nipple.

Tina moaned softly and pumped her hands up and down his fully hard cock, which was now starting to ooze with clear precum. The gym coach sucked her entire nipple into his mouth and began nursing it, sucking and slurping. Tina arched her back a little, pushing her boobs out. Coach Hicks switched to her other nipple now, sucking it into his mouth like the other one. With her titflesh sucked into his mouth, he rubbed his tongue up against her nipple while desperately sucking the gorgeous melons.

“Oh Gosh coach, if I knew this is all you wanted, I would have done this a while ago, just for fun!” Tina said softly in his ear as her tits were sucked, and she continued to stroke and caress the fat, veiny cock in her hands.

The gym teacher lifted his head up as she said that to him, and he quickly replied. “Oh that’s not all. I’ve wanted to fuck your hot little body for a while.”

“I figured,” She said with a wink “You and just about every other man in school.” Tina told him as she pulled her tennis skirt up a little bit, just enough to reach underneath and grab her panties, which she began pulling down.

Coach Hicks helped her slide her panties down over her knees and down her calves. He squatted down as he pulled her panties off her feet, leaving her sneakers on. He looked up now, level with her crotch, and he looked up her skirt, seeing her wet, swollen pussy slit through her red pubic hair.

The teacher stood up and grabbed her by the ass as he stood between her thighs. He pulled her closer to him and nuzzled the tip of his cock against her mound. His aching cockhead buried against her moist pubic hair. Tina held his cock with one hand, lining him up, and the coach pushed forward, burying himself inside his hot little student’s cunt.

“Oh shit yeah!” Coach Hicks exclaimed in joy as he stuffed his entire cock inside the teenage girl’s eager pussy.

Tina gasped as her teacher’s cock stretched her open and she felt the entire shaft filling her up. She leaned back a little, resting her hands on the desk, so she could grind her pelvis against him a bit.

Coach Hicks started pumping in and out of the soon-to-be tennis captain. His shaft slid in and out of her wet little hole as he pulled back and slammed into her over and over.

“Oh God, your pussy feels so good, Tina.” He grunted.

“Don’t stop, keep going, coach! Fuck me!” She moaned to him.

The middle-aged gym teacher pounded his cock in and out of her faster, hammering at her pussy which was hidden underneath her skirt. He reached up and grabbed her huge tits while he fucked her.

“Oh Shit, I’m gonna cum!” He told her, and pulled his cock out of her reluctantly. “I want to cum all over your face.” He said as he put one foot on his desk chair and climbed up on top of the desk.

Tina turned around as she squatted on the desk, and coach Hicks stood, jerking his cock off in her face. In just seconds, his cock erupted with cum, sending a shot of hot, slimey fuckjuice across her right cheek. The next squirt of jizz splattered across her mouth and nose, and the rest dribbled down onto her neck and tits.

Tina licked her lips, tasting her coach’s sperm. She had gotten what she wanted, and had even had a little fun while doing it.

The coach sighed deeply as he finished empting his balls onto his student’s face.

“Oh my God! That was incredible! I feel light-headed.” The coach said, his body swaying a little, trying to continue to stand straight.

Coach Hicks started to climb down from the desk. He put his first foot down on his desk chair, but as he shifted his weight onto the chair, the seat rotated, sending him flying to the floor where he landed roughly on his back. He screamed in agony, clutching his lower back.

“Oh my, are you ok, coach?” Tina gasped as she climbed off the desk.

The gym coach winced in agony, unable to move. “Call an ambulance… I think I broke my back!”

BACK TO SCHOOL
(The sequel to Summer School)

Sarah Stevens walked down the hallway of Westville High School. She was now in her second year in teaching as the girls’ gym teacher. The first year had been the worst by far, and she was looking forward to this year being a little better. Of course, nothing could have been worse than this past summer, when she had been forced to teach a summer math course to a bunch of delinquents. They probably would have failed if she hadn’t umm…. Well that’s another story.

Sarah was undeniably gorgeous. She was only 25, making her the school’s youngest teacher. She had long blonde hair, which was tied back in a pony tail today. Her body was very athletic, from working out regularly, which kept her legs and abs tone. Her body was proportioned excellently, with a ripe, full, firm ass, and voluptuously large breasts. In fact, her boobs were probably her best feature, having been exceptionally large ever since she hit puberty. Today she was wearing a track suit. The tight pants hugged her lower body, and the top was unzipped, she was wearing just a sports bra underneath.

She had been summoned to the Principal’s office, something which she dreaded. Finally she reached the main office and the school’s secretary looked up as she entered.

“He’s expecting you in his office.” The uptight secretary told her.

The busty gym teacher walked to the office in the back, which belonged to the principal: Jack Harry.

Principal Harry was sitting at his desk picking his nose as she entered, and she sighed in frustration at having to meet with him. The principal quickly pulled his hand down and straightened up in his chair as she entered the room.

“Ah hello there Sarah.” He said, “Please have a seat.”

“Hello Jack, err uhh Principal Harry...” She had never quite known what to call him, and she didn’t really feel like being on a first name basis with him, but the principal never bothered to correct her whenever she addressed him. “You wanted to see me?” She continued as she sat down across from him.

Jack Harry was the school’s bossy, overweight principal. He leaned forward in his chair and began rubbing his hands together. “Well I have some good news for you.” He started.

Sarah sighed. “How come every time you tell me that, it ends up being bad news instead?”

Jack chuckled hoarsely and stopped rubbing his hands together and picked up a pencil and started fidgeting with it. “Well, Bradley Hicks is out on short term disability. So, we are going to need to you take over coaching the boys’ gym classes in addition to yours.” He forced a smile.

“What are you talking about? That’s terrible news!” She sighed in utter disgust. “How am I supposed to teach two classes at once? And how is this possibly good for me?”

“Oh, well the good part is that you get to take over his after school duties as well, and we’ll pay you accordingly for that.” The principal continued. “We need you to take over coaching the tennis team and also prepping the football team for this upcoming season. Don’t look so upset, this is a great way for you to expand your teaching experience.”

“Jack, tennis I can handle, but I don’t know anything about football!” She protested.

“That’s the great thing, you don’t have to!” Jack went on, “We just need you to help facilitate the physicals tomorrow, a few students still haven’t had a sports physical, so we just need you to be there to help the doctor with some paperwork, and maybe hold a practice or two. Coach Hicks will be back to work before the season actually starts.”

“What did he do anyway?” Sarah asked curiously.

Jack paused to think. “Some kind of heavy lifting accident or something, he said. Very vague. Apparently he slipped a disc in his back and he’s incapacitated. Unfortunately he can’t even leave his house.”

Sarah sighed. Somehow she always ended up getting suckered into picking up the slack for everyone else. This time would be different, this time she would find a way out of ---

“Thanks for doing this, Sarah. I really appreciate you being a team player on this one.” Jack said. It wasn’t even a request, more of a demand. “Well I have some things to finish up so you can leave now. Have a good evening, bye!”

Sarah stood up, trying to find something to say, but instead she found herself walking to the door and leaving the principal’s office. When she got outside of the main office she just howled in frustration!

* * * * * * * * * * *

The next day after school, Sarah walked down to the nurse’s office where she was supposed to meet Nurse Brown and the doctor who was coming to school to administer the sports physicals for a few of the boys on the varsity football team.

She found Nurse Brown waiting for her. She was dressed in her typical, tight-fitting white uniform. As usual the top few buttons were unbuttoned, exposing an inappropriate amount of her deep, tan cleavage. Nurse Brown was probably just as stacked as Sarah Stevens was; in fact their bodies were very similar. Except of course, the nurse had dark hair and her skin was much tanner.

“Hi Sarah.” The school nurse said to her as she walked into the office.

“Hi. Where’s the doctor?” Sarah asked. She was running about half an hour late, so the doctor should have already been here and almost halfway through the physicals.

“He’s not here yet. I don’t know what’s keeping him. But these boys have been waiting over an hour and I’ve tried reaching the doctor five times now.” She shrugged.

Sarah sighed in frustration. “What do we do now? I’ve never done this before. The principal.. err, Jack, just said I was supposed to help out.”

“Oh, you’re going to help?” Nurse Brown’s eyes lit up with hope. “That’s great, well we should get started then!”

“Ok. Just tell me what paperwork I need to fill out.” Sarah told her.

“No, no, you need to help me. Here, follow me.” The nurse stood up from her desk and walked behind a curtained-off area of the room, where there was a small bed for where sick students usually lay. Sarah followed her inside.

“Wait here, I’ll get the first student.” The nurse said and walked back out.

Nurse Brown walked to the back of the nurse’s office to where a door led to an adjacent room. She opened the door, where five senior boys were sitting in their underwear, waiting. All five of the boys were seniors on the varsity football team: 18 year old, strapping young men.

She pointed to the closest guy and said, “Ok you’re first, follow me.” She said as she led him back into the other room, and then behind the curtained examination area.

Sarah was sitting on the bed as she waited for the school nurse to return. As Nurse Brown walked into the examination area with the boy, she sat down beside Sarah. The young man stood in front of the two busty ladies in just his underwear.

“What do we do now?” Sarah asked the nurse beside her.

“Well, we need to check him for a hernia.” The nurse said professionally. Then, to the student she said, “Please remove your underwear now.”

The boy’s eyes widened and he quickly dropped his briefs, his cock was semi-stiff just from looking at the two gorgeous women in front of him.

“Ok now come over here, I need to examine you.” The nurse told him, and the boy complied, coming closer to stand in front of her.

Nurse Brown reached up, cupping the student’s balls in her hand. She squeezed them very gently, and massaged them with her fingers. The student looked down at her in shock, and breathed heavily, not really believing what was happening. Nurse Brown continued to massage and caress his balls, then closed the fingers of her other hand around his shaft.

“Is that how you’re supposed to do it?” Sarah asked her, not really sure.

“I don’t really know, I think so. I think we need to thoroughly examine his genitals.”

The boy moaned and nodded. “Yes, that’s exactly right.” He lied, his cock now stiff.

The busty nurse started stroking the student’s cock up and down, while her other hand continued to gently massage his balls. The student groaned softly and placed his hands on his hips as the school nurse practically jerked him off.

“Umm… Nurse, are you sure this is how it’s supposed to be done?” Sarah asked suspiciously. The school nurse had a reputation for getting too ‘physical’ with students.

“Pretty sure.” She replied simply.

The student sure didn’t mind, he just stood there with his hands on his hips, moaning as the school nurse caressed his cock and gently massaged his balls. She raised her other hand up now, wrapping it around his rock-hard cock as well, so that she was pumping up and down with both her hands.

The boy closed his eyes and groaned, and Nurse Brown continued to jerk him off, pumping her fist up and down his cock faster now.

Suddenly the boy’s cock exploded, sending a shot of cum straight across the nurse’s face. She continued to pump, and another shot splattered across her cheek. She slowed her pace, and the boy spurted a couple more onto her face before finishing.

“Holy shit, thank you Nurse Brown!” The young man told her.

“Well it seems you’re in top physical shape.” She smiled, her face streaked with semen. “Go ahead and let the next one know it’s his turn.”

The kid pulled up his underwear and left the room, walking a little dizzily.

Sarah turned to the nurse in shock, “I can’t believe you just did that. You just gave him a handjob!”

“No I didn’t. Well maybe you could consider it that, but we do have to examine them.” The cum-covered nurse said back to her.

“I definitely don’t think this is how it’s done.” Sarah told her.

“Trust me, I’m a nurse. This is how you test them for hernia and cancer. If they end up cumming, there’s nothing I can do about it! Right? This is how I have always done it.” She told the gym teacher firmly.

“Alright, well you’re the medical expert here.” Sarah agreed reluctantly.

“Yes. Now you take the next one.” The nurse told her.

The next senior football player came into the room and stopped in shock, seeing his school nurse’s face covered in jizz. “Ummm..” he said.

“Come over here and remove your underwear.” Sarah told him.

He didn’t need to be told twice, and quickly walked over in front of the gym teacher and stripped his briefs off.

Sarah reached up and squeezed each of his balls lightly, and the boy’s cock immediately started to grow. She held the base of his shaft in her other hand, and lifted it up so that she could look at his balls closely. She massaged each of his delicate jewels carefully, while her other hand now squeezed the hard shaft of his cock.

The senior boy groaned in pleasure, his cock now completely hard in the hands of the school’s gym teacher.

“Damn, Miss Stevens, this is great!” He exclaimed.

“Am I doing it right?” She asked.

“Doing it right? Oh hell yeah you are.” He complimented.

Sarah Stevens started to stroke him fully now, using both her hands. She glided her hands up and down the length of his long, hard shaft. She figured giving physicals was just like giving handjobs -- and that was something she was very good at.

She pumped her hands up and down the boy’s stiff cock, watching as it started to ooze with precum. She didn’t stop jerking him off, in fact she tightened her grip around the stiff shaft tighter.

After stroking him for a few moments, with the nurse beside her nodding her on, the boy started to cum. His cock twitched and a string of jizz sprayed out, hitting the busty gym teacher across her cheek, then another spurt of cum sprayed across her chin and lips, and then more, and more... until her face was fairly messy with his balljuice.

The student groaned as he finished cumming, his cock getting milked clean by Sarah’s hands.

Nurse Brown squealed in excitement and leaned over, kissing Sarah on the lips. They kissed passionately, playing with each other’s tongues. As they broke apart, a string of jizz stretched between their lips. The nurse quickly leaned in again, licking up the sperm on her lips. Then she proceeded to lick all over Sarah’s face, lapping up all the streaks of cum that had been recently sprayed across her pretty face.

The nurse swallowed all the semen she licked up, then smiled. Sarah leaned into her and began doing the same. Her tongue searched across the nurse’s face, licking up the trails of sperm that had been splattered on her. Once she had all the cum licked up, she saved it in her mouth, and kissed Nurse Brown again, spitting the heavy load into the other woman’s mouth.

Nurse Brown unbuttoned her uniform top all the way, taking off her shirt completely. Underneath, her huge tits were bare, and they were tan, just like the rest of her body. She let the load of cum in her mouth drool out over her chin, and drip down onto her busty knockers.
