 My wife and I both decided that we were long overdue for a weekend away, together. We hadn't been alone since our last daughter was born. So we both decided it was time and just did it.

Julie's my beautiful wife of six years. I love her and can never seem to get enough of her, as you'll soon see why.

She's twenty-nine years old and stands 5'8" tall. Her hair is blonde and she keeps it cut so it falls well below her shoulders. Her blue eyes are radiant. In fact, that was what drew me to her, in the first place. 

Her body is no less exquisite. She performs aerobics with her friends, at least twice a week, and also loves to jog. These workouts result in a ass that you could kill for. I certainly would.

We had a pretty robust sex life prior to the birth of our child; making love almost every other day. But lately, it was happening just too few and far between for either of our liking.

Now, let me tell you, Julie was the furthest thing from a prude. We would have sex in risky places or just do things to keep it spicy between us. She's even let me tie her up and use toys on her, a couple of times. But lately, all that has been pushed to the side due to our family obligations.

While we're on the subject of sex; she loves sucking cock. She's probably the best I have ever known. She always said to me that, the best part of giving head, was the look on my face when she would swallow my cum. I was definitely glad that she's into that, because not many women are.

The day to leave was finally upon us. We dropped off our daughter with her mother and said our "good-byes". Then we headed out the door on our "adventure". 

We decided to go to this little place on the beach we both knew about. There, we could catch up on our intimacies. Needless to say, I couldn't wait to arrive.

This was going to be a fairly long ride, so we dressed for comfort. I wore a pair of shorts and a T-shirt and Julie wore the same. The difference was, the way she looked in hers.

Her shirt was snug and it showed off her ample tits. Her shorts were short and clingy, so they showed off her long legs and ass.

About an hour into the trip, she told me she was going to lean back and take a "catnap". She was stressed out before, about leaving our daughter for the first time, and I was glad that she was finally able to relax.

She leaned back and closed her eyes. Then she kicked off her sandals and put her bare feet up on the dash. I have always had a thing for women's feet and Julie's were no exception.

Yesterday, she stopped for a manicure and pedicure. Needless to say, they looked delicious.

As I drove along down the road, I kept looking over at her feet. When I saw that her eyes were closed for a while, I was really able to stare at them without her knowing it.

Her toenails were bright red and very sexy. I felt myself getting hard and I began wishing that I could kiss them right now. 

Unfortunately, I never have had the courage to ask her for this.

That's when I heard her voice. "What are you looking at?"

She knew what I was looking at, but I still tried to play it off and act cool, although she had surprised me.

I told her, I thought I saw something on her leg.

"Yeah, sure you did. You were looking at my feet. I got a pedicure yesterday. Do you like them?"

They're beautiful, I told her. That's when I saw her look down at my crotch. I had a tent in my shorts.

"I think you have a thing for feet. Well?"

I blushed and admitted, "They are sexy."

She smiled and said, "You're blushing. That's so cute. Would you mind if I put them in your lap, I need to stretch them out for a minute?"

She pulled her feet off the dash and swiveled around, until they were in my lap.

She was being a tease and I liked where this was going.

"That's better. By the way, I hurt my big toe this morning. Could you kiss it and make it better?" she giggled.

She lifted up her beautiful foot to my face and I kissed the tip.

"You can do better than that, let me help you."

So she worked her big toe between my lips and into my mouth. 

"That feels so good, but it tickles a little. Do they smell good? They got a little sweaty in the sun."

She was enjoying this, but not as much as I was. My foot fetish was being finally exposed. I sucked on her toe, savoring the moment.

"When you've made that one better, will you do them all for me?"

That was like asking an alcoholic if they wanted a drink. I seized the opportunity to satisfy my urge. I wanted to do this for so long and it was finally happening. 

She gasped out loud when I began running my tongue all over her feet. 

She said, "This is so kinky. I never knew you were into feet. I like this. Why didn't you ever tell me? I would have let you suck them. I wonder what else you're into that I don't know about."

I couldn't get enough. I sucked her toes for the next ten minutes. They were delicious. She just kept watching me and laughed.

She would occasionally offer me encouragement like, "What a strange, but wonderful man you are. That feels so good; lick between the toes again."

The looks we got from the passing motorists were pretty funny. The women looked shocked, but the guys weren't. I knew they would have done the same thing, given the opportunity.

When she had enough, she pushed my head away with other her foot, causing the toes in my mouth to pop out.

"Do want some relief now?"

What kind of question was that? She knew I was dying. So, without another word, she bent over and reached for my fly. This woman was a goddess. 

As she pulled the zipper down, my cock sprung free. The cold air from the a/c was blowing and I felt it on my cock for a second. That was just before she engulfed it with her warm mouth.

I thought I died and went to heaven that very moment. As her lips slid down its length, her tongue bathed its underside. When she slid back up to its tip, it was dripping with her saliva and throbbing with each beat of my heart. 

I know that it can't get any much better than this for a guy. Having your hard cock buried in your wife's mouth is about all a man could ever ask for.

As she plunged her mouth up and down on my cock, I fought to keep the car steady. I don't know how, but she began deep throating me too!

I was concerned that I might lose control of the wheel while I received one of her patented blowjobs. I wished it could last forever, unfortunately I could feel in my balls that the end was rapidly approaching.

After ten more minutes, I felt my cock begin to throb and then fill with cum. She must have sensed this too because she began to suck even harder, if that was possible. 

My cock was throbbing and I knew it would soon be over. I fought to hold back my load. Then I felt her hand reach inside my shorts and massage my sack. My nuts were so full that they ached for relief. 

I gave up and just as I was about to explode, she stopped. I groaned out load, "Nooo...!"

My frustration level was indescribable at that moment. I looked down at her in an utter state of disbelief.

"Do you want to cum in my mouth now or wait till later?" she asked. She was enjoying my present state of arousal.

I said, "Are you kidding me? Now! Please, now! I want to cum in your mouth and then watch you swallow it."

She laughed at me because I must have been quite a sight. I saw her look down at my cock. Some thick cum had seeped out and was dripping down its sides.

She swiped it off with her finger and surprised me. She presented it to me for a taste. I had never asked her for this before. I pulled my head back from her finger.

"I wanted to see you swallow first."

I said, "What?"

"I want to see you swallow a little before I swallow the whole "enchilada". I think you taste delicious. But maybe you're right. Maybe it's too gross to swallow."

I opened my mouth and sucked, before it was too late. I mean hell. I wanted to cum in her mouth, real bad.

"I thought you might change your mind."

She looked on with great interest as I sucked in the liquid on her finger and swallowed. The first thing I noticed was how thick and salty my semen was. But strangely enough, it wasn't too bad.

She smiled at me and said, "I see you liked that, how would you like a little more?"

She squeezed my cock and some more cum came out. She reached down and coated her finger with it like before. She brought it back to my lips for a second time and this time I sucked it off eagerly. 

She squealed and said, "You are making me so hot right now. This is so completely kinky. If you thought that little taste was good, then I have an idea. How would you like to swallow you're entire load, next time? It would be so hot."

Of course I didn't want to, but before I could say no, she bent over and began sucking me off, again. What was I going to do? 

It wasn't long again, before I felt my balls swell with cum. My cock was throbbing and ready to explode. This time she didn't stop. 

I couldn't hold back anymore and exploded. 

It was tough to control the car as I came, but some how I managed. With each blast, she would massage my balls. They were so congested with sperm. 

I could see that she had swallowed it all. This was a big relief to me as I was now, off the hook.

When she sat up, I saw that my semen was plastered all over her lips and chin. 

I made fun of her by saying, "You got some of my man-chowder on your face." Ha, ha!

That was the wrong thing to do.

She smiled and with her hand, wiped it off.

"Is that better?"

I kept laughing and never saw her hand by my face until she had forced her fingers into my mouth. I looked over at her, to see what was going on. She had one hand in my mouth and her other hand over hers trying not to laugh. 

Then she said, "Yummy, yummy, look who has cum in their tummy."

I recognized the taste, from before. It was my sperm.

I'm sorry, but you called it "man-chowder", so I thought you meant it was "chowder-for-a-man." 

She got me good.

"How's that man-chowder taste? A little salty I bet."

She was still laughing. So I decided to try and one up her. "That tasted pretty good. Too bad you swallowed it all."

She stopped laughing and looked at me. She was studying my face to see if I was serious. After a second, she spoke to me with an evil grin on her face.

"Well I'm glad you found it so tasty, because I bet I can coax a nice big load out of your balls for you to swallow, a little later."

I was just kidding but she looked serious.

We dropped the subject and then talked and laughed together about other stuff for the entire remainder of the drive.

When we got to the beach, I brought our bags to the room. We changed into our suits and went to the pool for some sun and fun.

I couldn't help but notice that she was the hottest looking woman at the pool.

I was a lucky man to be with her. That was for sure.

We let ourselves go and had a lot to drink. Before we got too wasted, we decided to go back to the room for to fool around again.

We took a shower together. I never knew how much fun bathing could be. So far this trip was a success. We were reconnecting like in our first year of marriage. 

She got out of the shower first. I followed quickly behind. When she lied down on the bed, she looked so sexy. 

She was already tan and looked good enough to eat. That was exactly what I intended to do, too.

She saw me staring at her. My stiff pole was already leaking cum.

She said, "Listen, I loved being the aggressive one today. I want to keep it going. It really turned me on."

This sounded too good to be true. I always dreamed of her wanting to be more aggressive. I couldn't say yes fast enough.

"Lie on your back. I want you to eat my pussy and don't disappoint me. Do you understand?"

This was so hot. She was playing her part perfectly. 

She straddled my face and lowered her twat down slowly. I smelled her pussy's natural fragrance as I slid my tongue inside her. I sucked her pussy like a starving animal. 

"That feels so good, but one more thing. I want you to make me cum again with your mouth after we have sex. You said you wanted to swallow it."

Was she still testing me? Suddenly, she tensed up on my mouth and had a little orgasm. It wasn't a huge one; just the start of a bigger one down the line.

"I just came from the thought of you to sucking me out, so get ready!"

She lifted her cunt off my face and turned around. Slowly,she lowered herself down on my stiff rod. The same way she did on my tongue, just moments ago. 

Her pussy felt so warm and tight. She began to bounce up and down on my cock with the control of a master technician.

"This is gonna be awesome," she said.

"What is, sweetie?"

"You'll see."

She began to ride me even faster. My cock was sliding in and out of her like a piston.

I missed this connection with her, but it was back. We were back, sexually speaking.

I reached up and began rubbing her tits. They were bouncing around on her chest as she repeatedly impaled her dripping pussy on me.

Her nipples were as hard as pencil erasers.

I needed to cum so badly, but fought back the urge. I didn't want this to end. She was fucking me silly and her pussy was just dripping.

What happened next was wild. She began to talk to me in her sexiest voice.

She said, "Please cum now for me and fill me up. Then I'll feed it to you. Your balls must be so full. So please, do it for me. Give me all you've got."

I couldn't last another second. This talk was so crazy. I was under her spell.

As the semen surged into my prick, she continued to hump me like a woman possessed. My balls were full beyond belief and I finally let go.

I grabbed her hips with both of my hands and buried my prick into her as deep as I could.

I must have shot seven or eight blasts of semen into her depths. 

My balls were constricting in order to squeeze out their cream. They ached with their release, but thankfully she kept massaging them.

Her pussy was sucking every bit of energy out of me, along with the semen.

She looked down at my face, when I was done. I had my eyes closed in utter satisfaction. 

"Did that feel good? Now be a good boy and make me cum, too."

I opened my eyes in time to see her slide me out of her pussy and quickly place her hand over its opening. I still thought she was kidding.

When I saw her crawl up towards my mouth, I knew I was wrong. I began contemplating my task. I wasn't sure I could go through with this.

As she straddled my face, I looked up and watched her remove her hand from her pussy. She was a complete mess up there. 

She was drenched in cum and it was beginning to drip out.

She brought her hand up to her mouth and sucked off the contents.

"Mmmm, mmmm, you are in for a treat. From now on, this family shares everything."

As she lowered her pussy down on my mouth, I smelled how differently she was now. Compared to before, her scent was overpowering; she was a mix of sweat, semen, and pussy juice. 

I tentatively reached in with my tongue for a taste and she went wild.

"Wow, I still can't believe we're really going to do it. I was just screwing with you. However, if you really want to, then who am I to deny you?"

Damn it, she was kidding. 

But when she sat down and placed her dripping pussy, squarely on my mouth, she said, "You can do better than that; now suck me!'

On the one hand, it was exciting me to hear my wife speak like this. Here was the woman I am in love with, wanting me to get kinky with her. This was wild and dirty by anyone's standards.

But on the other hand, what would she think of this, later?

When I felt some of my semen leak out of her snatch and begin trickling down onto my tongue, I noticed how thick and hot it was.

I swallowed it down. 

It felt weird, like I was swallowing raw oysters, but it wasn't bad. I thought to myself how strange this was. She was feeding me my own cum and I liked it. 

Julie was beyond being excited at this point. She was rotating her hips around and around, creating maximum friction across my extended tongue. 

She begged me to "suck harder." So I placed my mouth, directly over her pussy and sucked as hard as I could. 

I was shocked at how much I had cum in her. My mouth rapidly filled up with a thick, river of my cum. 

I had to swallow or risk choking on it. Now I realized how much Julie has to swallow when she blows me. 

Julie watched me swallow with awe. 

"This is depraved. It's as if you're the bitch tonight. In fact, I must say, you swallow cum better than most women I know."

I'm not sure most men would consider that a compliment. But as I listened to her, I couldn't help but find some humor in what she just said.

She was right. Our roles had reversed today and I didn't care. This was fun.

She reached down and grabbed my head and asked, "How's the man-chowder?"

Obviously, she was still intent on having a little more fun at my expense.

"I wish the girls could see this. I'm sitting on your face with a pussy full of your cum and I'm making you suck it back out of me. They'd think this was some sort of sweet revenge for all the semen we swallow for you guys. But it's not revenge, you love it!"

I did love it.

"Suck my pussy, bitch!"

This was not my wife. She was becoming transformed into this dominent sexual being.

My life was forever going to change.

All of a sudden, Julie stopped laughing and began groaning again.

She pulled me as deep as she could into her swampy, sticky crotch. "Oh fuck! I'm coming all over your face. Yes, don't stop! Suck it. Heerrrree.... I.... cummmmm.....!!!!"

I couldn't wait. She came and came. I felt her hot cum on my face now, as her pussy spasmed wildly with its own release. 

She held my head in place, so I couldn't move. Her pussy continued to contract on my mouth and pumped out every drop of cum she had. 

I, of course, was there to drink all she had to offer. Then, she just fell off to the side of the bed. 

Julie was completely exhausted. She looked at me and mouthed the words; "I love you."

When she finally regained enough energy to sit up, she got off the bed and went into the bathroom. 

She came back with a wet wash cloth in hand and lovingly proceeded to wash my face with it.

"That was the best sex of my entire life. Where have you been all my life?"

I said, right here next to you.

"You should see yourself, you're a real mess. I wish I had a camera, right now," and she began to laugh again.

"What did you think about what we just did? Didn't you mind eating me when I was all messy like that? I know you said that you wanted to."

I said that at first, I wasn't sure. But it actually tasted good."

"You're kidding, right? You mean you really liked it? Most of my girlfriends in college wouldn't go near the stuff. But go and figure, my husband is now the cum-king."

When she put it like that, I felt kind of weird for a second. She must have sensed that.

"Don't worry. I was just teasing you. It's pretty strange, but who cares. Like I said before, that was just the best sex of my life. Oh and one more thing. I loved being so aggresive today. I hope you don't mind it, because that's the way it'll be from now on. I love you."

I said, "I love you, too."

I thought to myself, how good life was going to be from now on.

"Can we go get some dinner, now? I'm starved. You're the only one who ate anything today." she giggled.

We laughed and then cleaned up before we went to dinner. Julie wore a skimpy sundress and looked fabulous in it. 

I held her hand as the waiter brought us our menus. We couldn't keep our hands off each other.

It was like we were newlyweds all over again.

The waiter introduced himself and said, "May I tell you about our specials?"
