 Coach Bradley Hicks sat in the Principal's office of Westville High School, with the principal himself. Bradley Hicks was one of the school's physical education teachers, and had just been returning to work from a severe back injury. The injury had kept him home for about 3 weeks, leaving the other gym teacher, Sarah Stevens, in charge of both the girls and boys classes.

"Well, it's certainly good to have you back." The Principal said to him as he sat behind his desk. Jack Harry, the school's principal was a short, chubby man. "I trust your back is feeling much better now?"

"Yeah, I'm feeling 100%, Jack." Bradley replied. The school's gym teacher gave a thumbs up in emphasis. "What about Sarah? Was she able to handle everything while I was gone?"

The principal cleared his throat. "Yes, actually. I was rather surprised, but the boys classes seemed to really respond to her well."

"Well, is there anything else you need from me? I should be getting back to my office to straighten things up for tomorrow and get things in order." The gym teacher said, rising from his chair.

"No, nothing else. Once again, welcome back, coach." The principal said.

As soon as the gym teacher left his office, the secretary was at his door. She had a concerned look on her face.

"Principal Harry?" She started. "The superintendent is here to see you. He says it's important."

Jack Harry raised his eyebrows and shrugged. "Ok, send him in." He told the secretary.

The school's superintendent, Ken Gale stormed into the office, charging right by the secretary. He slammed the door behind him.

"What's going on, Ken?" The principal asked in surprise.

"I'll get right to the point. You're fired, Jack." Ken told him.

"What?? Why?" Jack almost fell out of his chair in shock.

"You're lazy and incompetent. And quite frankly, you've let some serious school misconduct go on right under your nose!" The superintendent went on. "We have teachers here in this school that are engaging in sexual relations with students! And you've done nothing about it! So quite frankly, you're history. I'm bringing in someone who can take care of things. Pack your shit and get out of here by the end of the day.'

And with that, Ken Gale left the office, slamming the door behind him once again, leaving the now former principal behind with his head in his hands.

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Brent Johnson closed the door of Miss Stevens' office behind him as he walked in. She was waiting for him, sitting on top of her desk.

Sarah Stevens was the school's girls' gym teacher. She was the youngest teacher in the school at 25 years old, and had a body to die for. Her long blonde hair was tied back in a pony tail and she was wearing a pair of nylon track pants and a zip-up sweatshirt. A whistle hung around her neck, which dangled down between her big, bulging tits.

Brent was a senior who had been fucking her on a regular basis now for a couple weeks. In fact, it had become sort of routine for him to stop by her office like this after school for a quick lay.

"I figured you weren't coming. You're late today; I was about to head home." The sexy gym teacher said to him as he walked in.

"Oh God I wouldn't miss this for the world." Brent said to her, walking across the small office so he could stand beside where she was sitting on the desk. "I've been so horny all day, I really need you, Miss Stevens." He whispered.

The gym teacher spread her legs around her 18 year old student as she sat on the edge of the desk, and started to unzip her sweatshirt. Brent reached up and started squeezing her big, voluptuous tits as she pulled the zipper down, exposing more of her cleavage. Brent continued to rub and squeeze her gorgeous melons until she finished unzipping her sweatshirt completely, then he helped her slide it off. To his surprise, she wasn't wearing anything underneath.

Sarah's big tits spilled out as she took off the sweatshirt, and her nipples were nice and stiff. Her breasts were very large, considering how tone and lean the rest of her body was.

Brent cupped each of his gym teacher's tits in his hands and leaned down, immediately sucking her right nipple into his mouth and began nursing on it. He moaned against her tit and Sarah couldn't help but arch her back and moan a little too. She ran her fingers through her student's hair, then reached down to his pants, where she felt the boy's stiff cock straining against his jeans.

Sarah helped him unzip his pants and the thick cock popped out. Brent continued to suck and slurp on her breasts while she now stroked and jerked him off. Her student moaned as she started to caress his rod, and he began to bucking his hips, pushing his cock up against her crotch.

"Oh God, Miss Stevens, I want you so bad!" Brent said, looking up from her breasts, which he had squeezed in both hands.

Suddenly there was a loud knock on the door. Then another, this time more urgent.

"Holy Shit, hide!" Sarah told her student quietly, but quickly.

"Where?" Brent looked around the small office, holding his stiff dick in his hand. There was literally no place inside the office to hide.

Sarah jumped off her desk and opened the door to the small metal locker in her office. She pulled out a bunch of clothes and took his hand, pulling him toward it. "Get in, quick!"

"In there? I can't fit." He protested, looking at the diminutive locker.

"I'll make you fit if you don't get in right now!" She told him sternly.

The student quickly climbed into the locker awkwardly, cramming himself inside. Once inside, Sarah closed the locker door, threw her sweatshirt back on quickly, and opened the door to her office.

She opened the door, finding the school nurse, Cindy Brown, standing there waiting for her.

"What took you so long?" The school nurse asked her curiously.

"No reason, I didn't hear you knock, I guess. What's up?" Sarah replied.

The school nurse was wearing her typical little white uniform. She always seemed to dress more like a porn-star nurse than an actual high school nurse. The white blouse she was wearing was unbuttoned at the top, and hugged the tight curves of her huge breasts, which were the same size as Sarah's. The tiny miniskirt showed off lots of her tanned thighs. Cindy Brown was one of Sarah's best friends from the faculty, and like her, she wasn't above fooling around with the occasional student.

"Didn't you hear about the emergency staff meeting today at 3:15?" The nurse asked her.

"No..."

"Well, apparently there's something big that's happening, and the superintendent wants everything there today. Come on, lets go." The nurse motioned for her to join her.

"Ummm... I have to finish something up here. I'll meet you there." Sarah told her.

"Ok, suit yourself but you're going to be late." The nurse shrugged and walked away.

Sarah closed her office door and quickly opened the locker door. Brent literally spilled out of the locker, almost falling on top of her as the door to the locker burst open finally.

"Oh thank God. I couldn't breathe in there!" Brent said, panting.

"Sorry about that. Look, I have to get going. I'll see you tomorrow." Sarah told him as she gathered up a few things.

"What? No, please! You can't leave me like this!" Brent showed her his stiff cock as he pleaded. He was still rock hard.

The gym teacher sighed, feeling guilty. "Sorry, Brent, but there is just no time to have sex. I have a faculty meeting right now."

"How about at least a blowjob? Please, Miss Stevens?"

Sarah looked up at the clock and then back to her student. She did feel really guilty about having to leave him like this.

"Well, alright. One quick blowjob." She agreed, kneeling down on the floor in front of him.

"MMmmm, yes!" Brent said as he fed his cock into the mouth of his busty gym teacher.

Sarah opened her mouth and let the rock hard cock slide inside. She licked along the underside of her student's stiff member as she started sucking it immediately. Her lips sealed around the cock tightly, and she started bobbing her head.

"Oh shit yeah, Miss Stevens! You're so good!" Brent moaned as his cock got sucked by the most beautiful teacher in the school.

Sarah slurped and sucked, and her saliva drooled down Brent's cock, making sure to get his entire shaft nice and wet. She used one of her hands to stroke his cock while the other caressed and played with his balls. She sucked hard, and her head bobbed back and forth on her student's shaft.

"Oh God.. Oh God.. I'm gonna cum!" Brent warned her.

His gym teacher continued to suck, and her lips fucked back and forth on his prick faster now. Brent groaned as his cock exploded in her, squirting shots of thick jizz right into her mouth.

Sarah swallowed every drop as her student emptied the load of cum into her mouth. When he was done cumming, Sarah milked the last drop of jizz from his shaft and ran out the door to get to try to make it to the faculty meeting on time.

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Sarah burst through the door of the faculty meeting room, finding the meeting already in progress.

"Nice of you to be on time, Sarah." Ken Gale, the school's superintendent said to her as she entered the room, her heart racing. All of the school's faculty turned to look at her and she hoped she didn't have any cum drops left on her chin.

"Sorry about that." She said meekly, taking a seat next to her friend, Cindy Brown.

"As I was saying before I was interrupted," Ken continued, "We'd like to welcome back Bradley Hicks after a brief leave of absence. But that's not the reason for this meeting. The reason you've all been called here is because the principal, Jack Harry, has been fired as of earlier this afternoon."

Sarah gasped slightly. Principal Harry had always been an asshole to her, but she didn't know if this was good news or bad.

"...And, I'd like you all to meet his replacement." Ken continued, "Ms. Schwartz...."

On the other side of the room, the new principal stood up to stand beside the superintendent. Ms. Schwartz was tall and had a slender build. She could have been called beautiful, but she had an evil, scornful look on her face. Her blonde hair was tied back very tightly into a bun, and she wore a pair of little spectacles. She was dressed conservatively in a long skirt and traditional blouse. Even through the blouse, it was easy to see that her breasts were absolutely huge, although she made no attempt to flaunt them. They were even bigger than Sarah's, which for some reason made her a little intimidated, and she figured they must be fake.

A few faculty members clapped as Ms. Schwartz stood up to address them and she simply nodded, her disdainful expression not changing. "Thank you. I am Ms. Schwartz, your new principal. I was brought here to make some major changes in this school and that is exactly what I intend to do. Also, it has been brought to my attention that there is some very unethical conduct being carried out by certain members of this facult..."

Ms. Schwartz looked directly at Sarah and nurse Brown and paused uncomfortably. Both of the women gulped "...and they will be dealt with the harshest penalties."

The new principal continued to ramble on about the changes that will be made at the school, while Sarah Stevens and Cindy Brown looked at each other and gulped.

"This doesn't sound good." Sarah whispered, leaning over to her friend, the school nurse.

"I know." Cindy nodded.

"Meet me at my place tonight, we'll talk." Sarah told her.

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Sarah paced back and forth across her house all evening, worrying about the meeting earlier in the day, until she saw Cindy's call pull into her driveway. She went to the front door and opened it just as her friend walked up the steps.

"Come on in, I made some decaf coffee." Sarah told her.

The two of them walked into the living room and Sarah fetched a couple cups of coffee. When they sat down on the sofa together, Cindy started.

"I don't like the sound of this new principal, Sarah." The nurse said, sounding more worried than Sarah was.

"I know, I don't like her either. I have a feeling she's out to get us." Sarah said, taking a sip of her coffee and warming her hands on the cup.

"Its like she wants to get us fired. I'm worried she's going to find out I've been having sex with students in my office." The nurse said.

"Me too. What if she already knows, and she just needs evidence?" Sarah asked.

"Good point. Well, I guess we'll both just have to be careful. No more sex at school." Cindy sighed.

"Well.... At least not with students." Sarah said with a grin.

Cindy looked up, a mischievous smile on her face as well. "Are you suggesting what I think you are...?"

Sarah leaned closer to her and brushed a lock of Cindy's dark hair behind her ear. "Well... if we both can't get satisfied, there's nothing stopping us from satisfying each other." Sarah winked.

"I like that idea." Cindy smiled and leaned in closer to her friend.

Sarah kissed her softly on the lips, and Cindy wrapped her arms around her. The two women kissed for a while, taking turns playing with each other's tongues.

Cindy leaned back, and pulled her little t-shirt up over her head, exposing the sexy pink lace bra she had underneath. Sarah did the same; she stripped off her shirt to reveal a similar lacy bra which held her big melons inside. The two women reached around each other at the same time, each one undoing the other's 36DD bra, and pulling it off.

Sarah watched as Cindy's tan breasts jiggled a little as she stripped the bra off, and she felt her own do the same as her friend removed her own bra.

"I don't think we ever decided who has larger breasts, did we?" Cindy asked.

"No, I don't think so, but we definitely should compare." Sarah said with a wink.

Cindy climbed over on top of Sarah's lap, with her legs spread apart, she straddled Sarah's thighs so she could sit there facing her. Cindy leaned forward and put her hands on the back of the couch. She pressed her upper body up against Sarah's, causing her big tits to squeeze up right against her friend's.

Sarah reached up and filled both of her hands with Cindy's gorgeous, voluptuous tits. She weighed them in her hands, squeezed them and rubbed her hands around. "I think mine are definitely bigger."

Cindy giggled and then reached down, gently taking Sarah's breasts into her hands now. She cupped each tit in her palms and squeezed her fingers into the fleshy orbs. The two busty women were now facing each other, each playing with the other's melons.

"No way, I think mine are bigger." Cindy protested playfully.

Sarah smiled up at her friend and lifted each of her lovely breasts up as she leaned forward and gently kissed across her chest. She covered the tops of her breasts with kisses and then gently sucked her right nipple into her mouth. Sarah sucked and nursed gently, enjoying the taste and feel of the other woman's flesh, while her tongue flicked over the bumps of her nipple.

Sarah let go of the breast with her mouth, leaving a trail of saliva from her bottom lip to the wet nipple she was just sucking on. "Mmmmm, but yours definitely taste better." She said with a smile.

"Awww, why'd you stop?" Cindy asked, getting hotter.

"Lay back on the sofa, honey... There's somewhere else I want to put my mouth." Sarah whispered to her.

Cindy let out a little squeal of delight and laid back on the sofa, sinking into the soft cushions. Sarah knelt on the floor beside her and helped her undo her pants. Cindy slid her pants all the way off, leaving her in just a pink little thong which matched her bra, which was now laying on the floor.

Cindy lifted her legs up into the air, and Sarah gently spanked her beautiful, tight little buns. The nurse giggled slightly and then hooked her fingers under the waist of her panties and slid them down her thighs. Sarah helped her slide the little panties all the way off, and Cindy leaned back into the sofa, her thighs spread apart on either side of Sarah. Her bald little pussy was in plain view now, and was already wet, waiting to be licked.

Sarah gently caressed each of Cindy's thighs as she leaned in, taking a long lick along the length of her slit. Cindy's pussy was completely shaved, not even a patch of pubic hair. As Sarah started to lick, Cindy groaned and closed her eyes.

Sarah lapped her tongue along her friend's slit, then wiggled her tongue in between her lips, dipping it inside her pussy, while her nose nuzzled up against her clit. Cindy placed her hands on her breasts, holding them together as Sarah now flicked her tongue in and out of her pussy quickly.

"Mmmm, that feels so good, don't stop now!" Cindy purred to her.

Sarah slid her tongue up to the top of her slit where she spread apart her friend's lips with her fingers, finding her swollen clit. She gently flicked her tongue across it, alternating between gently grinding the flat of her tongue over the little nob.

Sarah's fingers now slid in and out of Cindy's wet little pussy while she sucked and licked at her clit. Her friend was moaning and writhing on the sofa and suddenly she squealed out as she orgasmed powerfully. Cindy's whole body arched and a loud cry of joy filled the entire house. Sarah finally licked and sucked all along Cindy's slit, lapping up all her juices.

"MMmmmm, can we do this again tomorrow?" Cindy asked.

"Sure." Sarah replied, looking up at her.

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

[ The next day ... ]

Brent Johnson walked down the hall of the school. He was being summoned to the principal's office before the first class of the day, which he found to be somewhat odd. He couldn't remember doing anything wrong that would warrant a visit to the principal.

He walked into the main office and told the secretary that he was there to see the principal. The secretary told him to go right on in.

Brent stepped up to the principal's door, noticing the nameplate on the door no longer said "Principal Harry", but now was "Principal Schwartz". The door was open so he went in, finding a busty businesswoman sitting behind the principal's desk.

"Where's the principal?" Brent asked.

"I am the new principal. Principal Schwartz. And you must be Brent. Close the door and sit down." She said matter-of-factly.

Brent closed the door to the principal's office and sat down in one of the small chairs across from her desk.

"Did I do something wrong?" Brent asked, eyeing the new principal up and down. She had an incredible body, even though she didn't show it off. He could tell she had firm, muscular thighs underneath her skirt, and the curve of her gorgeous, huge breasts was visible underneath the loose blouse she wore. Its too bad she had a scowl, which made her seem wicked.

"As a matter of fact, you did!" Principal Schwartz said, standing up and leaning over the desk to look directly into the student's eyes. "I know about your sexual relations with the teacher Miss Stevens. These kind of offenses lead to immediate expulsion!"

Brent's jaw dropped. He had no idea who this new principal was, or how on earth she had found out that he was screwing Miss Stevens. He had been careful! The thought of expulsion terrified him. He was a senior! He'd have to repeat the grade!

"Noooo please!" He begged.

Principal Schwartz chuckled and leaned back up, standing behind her desk. "I have an assignment for you. If you want to stay in school, you'll complete this assignment for me. And you won't tell anyone about it. Understood?"

Brent nodded his head. "Yes, what is it? I'll do anything."

The sexy principal coolly walked to a filing cabinet in the corner of the office. She opened the top drawer and took out a small video camera, then set it on her desk.

"Take this, and bring me the evidence I need to fire Sarah Stevens." She said coldly.
