 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Back to school night was usually one of my favorite nights of the year, but this year I was depressed and I wasn't feeling it. I watched all of the parents and their children file into the room and I began my presentation. I had been teaching 8th grade for the past ten years. It was my calling and as I looked out at the sea of faces, the parents filled with worry and the children filled with disdain that summer was over, I could see a very sexy man sitting in the back row.

"Are there any questions?" I asked the crowd. The hot man raised his hand. "Yes?" I asked him, pointing at him the way teachers do when they call on you.

"Will you be available after this event to talk to me about my son's special needs?" he asked me. 

"Absolutely. I'll be here," I said. "Any other questions?" There were none and so I excused everyone and I began to answer questions and shake hands. I had forgotten all about the hot dad, and since there was no one left in the classroom I went to the door and locked it, and then began to gather my things. If I left now, I might be home in time to catch my husband before he left for his night shift. I glanced at my watch as I began to pile things into my rolling cart. 

There was a knock at the door and I sighed with frustration. It seemed like there was always one more thing to do as a teacher. I moved to the door, and when I opened it I was met by the eyes of the hot dad that had been sitting in the back row. I felt a sense of fear as he stood before me. He was tall and broad shouldered. He smiled weakly.

"I'm sorry to bother you, Mrs. Rodriguez, but I wanted to talk to you about my son, Sam." 

"Come in," I said and I offered him a chair. He sat down and rubbed his temple with his right hand as if he were stressed. 

"I'm Raul Asher. My son is Sam Asher. Sam has mild Autism," he said to me. "And he is extremely high functioning, but I wanted to talk to you a bit about it," he said. 

"I know all about it. We've already had a conference with the principal and with the special education teachers who will be pulling him out for Language Arts. We've got Sam completely covered, and if you need to you can always just give me a call," I said, handing him a card with all of my contact information. Perhaps if I made this quick I could still get home to see my husband before he left. 

"I have something else I need help with," the man said. 

"What's that?" I asked, and that's when I saw it. There was a fire in his eyes. He stood up and so I stood up as well, thinking he was about to walk to the door. Instead he grabbed me and pushed me up against the bulletin board, kissing me with hungry lips.

"Mr. Asher!" I cried. 

"Call me Raul," he said, covering my mouth with another kiss. Raul's mouth made me melt and I realized that I didn't want him to stop. I didn't want him to leave. I wanted him to fuck me. I could feel the wetness in my panties Raul was causing and there was a hunger, an urgency to get him inside of me. I knew I wouldn't make it home in time to catch my husband, and so I knew that this was it, this was my chance to get fucked. 

Before I knew it, Raul had my skirt off. He sat in one of the student chairs, his cock out and he pulled me down onto it, pushing my panties to the side. I fucked him in reverse cowgirl, his arms helping me, pulling my body up and down on his large dick. His was much bigger than my husband's and it was making me cum hard, my screams ripping through the building. I knew by now there probably weren't many teachers left. I was almost 9:30pm and the open house had been over for almost forty minutes.

"Mrs. Rodriguez, your pussy feels so good," he said and then he stood up and bent me over one of the student desks and pounded my pussy with his thick dick. I couldn't help but continue to cum hard for him, his thrusts hitting spots deep inside of me that my husband's always missed. I couldn't believe I was doing this, taking a parent's cock in my pussy on Back to School Night! I was the worst teacher in the world, and I knew it. Still, I couldn't stop now, not when I was cumming so hard for him. He had my hips in his hands and he was using me, juicing my cunt with his huge cock until my orgasms were so big that my pussy began to drip like a leaky faucet onto the old, used carpet. 

It felt so good to take his cock like that, like a fucking slut right there in my classroom. I felt dizzy as I came for him again, and before I realized it, he had cum deep inside of me. Just like that, it was over, and I stood face-to-face with Raul.

"I'm so sorry," I told him. "We shouldn't have done that. That wasn't very professional. I don't know what got into me." 

"Don't worry about it. I'll be checking in on you and Sam's progress on a regular basis, so I wanted to make sure we had a good working relationship," he explained. "I think that was a good start."

"Um, this was a mistake," I said, gesturing to he and I. 

"Well, some mistakes are worth repeating," he challenged. "What day next week would be good for a private meeting about Sam?" 

"Um, you mean a real meeting? Or this kind of meeting?" I asked him, worried that he was going to make this difficult. 

"How about both?" he suggested. 

"I don't know..." I began. 

"Come on, Mrs. Rodriguez. I'm not going to tell anyone. I just think you're sexy and we have such good chemistry. Plus, Sam needs the extra help and attention you can give him," Raul said and he pulled me to him again. He kissed me, and before I knew it I was on my hands and knees on the old carpet taking another pounding from his cock. I came hard for him, screaming, realizing what this meant. Raul was going to keep fucking me, and I was going to have to give Sam special attention. 

"Cum for me again," Raul said as he spanked my ass nice and hard. I came yet again, and by the time he had dumped another load inside of me, I had accepted it. Maybe this year wasn't going to be as depressing as I had originally thought. Maybe this year was actually going to be awesome. I thought of all the orgasms I was going to have as Raul pulled his cock from my dripping cunt.