 Buckshot pranced beneath me as we stood in the torrential rain watching the headlights dance in the valley below us. Headlights that were not supposed to be there. Our county had had problems with cattle rustling recently, but so far we had been lucky.

"Looks like our lucks changed, huh Buck?" I asked as rage grew within me. My family busted our ass everyday to keep this ranch going and I wasn't about to let five men on fourwheelers ruin it all while I waited for the damn cops to get here.

I dug my heels into Buck's sides and he leaped towards the lights. As he was flying down the hill into the valley I unclipped my pistol and fired off two shots into the air. The headlights immediately flicked out and I heard the fourwheeler engines rev as they took off towards the "gate" they had made by cutting down our fences. I heard two answering gunshots, just as a flash of lightning revealed a man on a dark horse leaping out of the woods in front of me, gun drawn. 

Buck skidded to a halt, rearing back a bit in fright. I fought to keep my seat and just as Buck landed on all four feet again I heard the voice of my dreams, and nightmares.

"What the FUCK is wrong with you? Are you insane!?" shouted my ex, and the chief of police, Josh. His pinto stallion, Comanche, danced nervously beneath him.

"No! I'm pissed!" I replied as I tried to steer Buck around them, but Josh was having nothing of it.

"Go back to the ranch, NOW!" he said, his eyes glinting with anger as the lightning flashed overhead. "Me and the boys got this," he said before spinning Comanche and going back into the woods. It was then that I heard more hoof beats coming up from behind. Three of Josh's deputies and four of our ranch hands were riding towards Josh with guns in tow.

As much as I wanted to be down there I knew my presence would distract Josh. He would be too preoccupied with keeping me safe to focus on what he was doing. Slowly I reined Buckshot towards the barns. Once their, I unsaddled him and began to rub him down. I kept glancing anxiously at the clock. It took me nearly a half hour to finish taking care of Buck and put him in the stall. The rain and thunder was so loud I couldn't even hear if there had been gunshots fired or not. I slung Buck's saddle onto the rack and turned, only to collide into a hard, male chest.

Startled, I stumbled backwards, and would have fallen if not for Josh's quick reflexes. He grabbed my arms to steady me, all the while pinning me with a glare that would have had most women, and men, shaking in their boots.

I knew Josh, and I knew he would never physically hurt me, or any other woman for that matter. Josh and I had dated for three years, before I had gone off to college to get my degree in business. The whole long distance thing had been too much for either of us to take at the time and we had called it quits.

I had been home for nearly two months now and this was the first time I had seen Josh. It was actually the first time I had seen him since our break up, and it was stirring up old feelings I had really tried to suppress.

"Girl, what the hell were you thinking, charging in there like that? You could have been fucking killed!" Josh nearly shouted. He took a step towards me and I automatically retreated a step. 

"I couldn't let them idiots ruin our ranch!" I replied. I shook my head slowly trying to get a rein on my temper. Daddy always told me it would get me in trouble one day. "Look, did you get the guys or not?" I asked in a softer voice.

Josh nodded his head. "Don't worry, we got them," he said as he raised his hand slowly, tucking a strand of my hair that had escaped its ponytail behind my ear. His tough was gentle, a caress that made my heart want to melt and drip right out of my chest. 

I crossed my arms over my chest and took a deep breath. "Thanks," I said softly. "Its good to see you again Josh, even under these circumstances," I said giving him an admittedly weak smile. He smiled back and pulled me into his strong arms. My head rested against his shoulder perfectly, just as it always had. As if they had a mind of their own, my arms automatically wrapped around his lean waist as well.

I breathed in the intoxicating scent of male, horse and leather. The smell was purely Josh. "I've missed you," he whispered in my ear as his hands caressed my back. His strong fingers worked at my muscles, kneading them until I felt the tension in them slip away. I admitted to him that I missed him as well.

Josh stepped back a few inches and then leaned down to kiss my lips softly. My knees threatened to buckle. I had missed his kiss, his touch, him in general, so much over the past four years. He backed me up until my back bumped into the barn wall, where he pinned me to it. His hand roamed over my body, starting at my cheek, working down over my neck and throat, and hesitating only briefly before cupping my breast in his palm.

Meanwhile, his other hand was settled on my hip, caressing it softly, his fingers brushing against my ass every once in a while. I moaned softly as his hand plucked at my nipple, causing it to tighten and harden into a small bud. Josh leaned his head back to look down into my eyes.

"Too much, too soon?" he asked in that deep husky voice and I shook my head no. Too soon? Was he crazy? I had been waiting for four years for this. I pushed away from the wall, taking his hand in mine and tugging him towards our tack room where we kept a spare cot in case a mare was foaling.

His police radio crackled and he pressed a button, silencing it before speaking into the mic "Officer Rinestead, 10-98, 10-10." He then followed me into the room and pressed me down to the cot with no hesitation. His lean, hard body covered mine and I could feel his hardening cock pressing against my thigh. I reached down to trail my fingers over it through his trousers, drawing a husky growl from his lips.

"God, baby, I've wanted this for so long..." he whispered as he kissed my neck and lifted my shirt over my head. I had neglected a bra when hastily getting dressed and my breasts sprang free making him smile. He leaned forward and flicked his tongue across one nipple and then the other making me whimper in pleasure. His large hands cupped my breasts, squeezing them and kneading them softly. He then trailed his tongue lower, flicking it along the waistline of my jeans before undoing them and sliding them off of my hips. My silk panties were damp with excitement and he smiled.

He pressed his open mouth against the juncture of my thighs causing me to whimper again as I felt his hot breath on my sex. Josh then pulled aside the scrap of silk and slide his tongue into my slit. I cried out loudly, my hips arching up off of the cot. His tongue began to lave my sex, thrusting in and out of me then moving up to flick at my clit.

"Ooooh, JOSH!" I cried out as an orgasm washed over me, causing me to writhe in pleasure. Josh chuckled softly.

"You were always so easy to please..." he murmured before pulling my panties off and reaching down to unclip his gun belt which he hung on a peg on the wall. My eyes lit onto the handcuffs dangling there and I guess he saw where my gaze went. Josh laughed again. Before I had gone to college, when Josh was just a rookie cop, we had experimented with the handcuffs dozens of times and I had always loved it.

"You wanna play like that, huh?" he asked with a wicked smile and I smiled back.

"Turn around and place your hands behind your back please," Josh said in his deep, authoritative voice. A quiver of pleasure ran through my body. I did as he asked and he placed the cold steel cuffs around my wrists. He then tugged on the chain linking the two cuffs, causing me to stumble slightly backwards and onto my feet off of the cot. From there he pressed me down onto my knees so that my face was eye level with his cock, straining against the confining uniform pants. He undid the button and then gestured for me to finish the rest.

Using my teeth I slowly slid the zipper of his pants down over his erection until it popped free. Josh never had been an underwear man. I licked my lips slowly before sliding my tongue along the length of his shaft. I then swirled my tongue around the head of him causing his hips to jerk as I finally took him into my mouth. I immediately buried his cock in my mouth and throat so that my nose was pressed to his groin. Josh's hands fisted tightly in my hair as he slowly began to fuck my throat.

His cock slid easily in and out of my throat, lubricated by my saliva. Every time he was pressed completely into my throat I had to suppress the urge to gag, and when he would pull out I would take several deep breaths before he would press back in. Every once in a while the urge would be too much and I would gag softly, making Josh smile.

Soon he increased the tempo of his thrusts until he was fucking my mouth as if it was a pussy. He seemed to know just how hard I could take it and never crossed that line. With a low groan he pulled his cock away from my mouth and pressed my face down into the cot. 

The position I was in caused my ass to raise slightly in the air, showing off my puckered asshole and also my soaking wet slit. Josh ran the head of his cock along my slit before plunging into me hard. It was a complete shock to be so completely filled so fast. I had not had another man besides Josh, so I had been abstinent for four years now and the invasion was almost painful... almost.

I screamed out loud as Josh began to ram his cock into my dripping pussy, his balls slapping against my clit with every thrust. My hands strained against the metal cuffs to no avail and I heard Josh's moans become louder from behind me. His right had was still fisted in my hair, tight enough to cause a bit of pain but not tight enough to do any amount of real harm. My right cheek was smashed into the cot as he fucked me hard from behind and I cried out in ecstasy. 

Josh's left hand reached down and flicked at my clit, causing me to stiffen beneath him and cum hard all over his cock. My juices dripped over his cock and down his balls, then farther down to the floor and Josh groaned as my pussy contracted around his throbbing cock.

"Yeah baby that's right... make me cum now," he said as he slammed two more times into me before emptying his load into my womb. He continued to thrust until his cock softened a bit and he slid out of me. I lifted my head, my eyes glazed over in passion and smiled at him. He knelt down behind me and kissed my lips tenderly before unlocking the cuffs and massaging the blood back into my wrists for me.

He then helped me up and into the cot where he pulled me against his hard chest and rubbed my back.

"God damn, honey," he murmured softly. "I had almost forgotten how good it was to be with you..." he said and I smiled up at him sleepily. I snuggled my cheek into his chest, and threw my arm around his waist.

"...still love you..." I murmured softly as I began to drift to sleep.

"And I still love you as well..." I heard Josh whisper before I fell into the deepest sleep I had experienced in four years.