 The place was beginning to fill up with the after- work crowd. The noise level had risen and people jostled each other at the bar, yelling out their drink orders. In a back booth a man and a woman sat across from each other, nursing their second (or was it third?) martini. Angela Rizzo was a dark haired beauty in her early 40s, but with a bitter twist to her mouth as she looked at the front door.

"God damn that bitch. Here she comes waltzing in with hubby at her heels. Mrs. fuckin' goody two shoes," she snarled.

Carl Crowe, her drinking partner, raised his eyebrows and directed his gaze to the front of the room. "You mean Lily Palmer? What do you have against her?" Carl brought his glass up and sipped a bit of his drink.

Angie looked up at the tall, dark haired man seated across from her and hissed, "she's the one who almost wrecked my marriage. I'm almost sure that she got the word to Frank that I was having an affair and the bastard threatened to divorce me." The venom almost dripped from her lips.

Carl laughed softly at his friend. "Shit, Angie. Why blame her? If you hadn't cheated you wouldn't have had this problem. You knew it was just a matter of time, you were kind of blatant about it."

Angie pouted and whined, "It's easy for you to say, Carl. I know you screw around on Fran and you get away with it."

"That's because I'm damned careful, cupcake. The only mistake I made is letting it slip to you, so you had better just keep your mouth shut. Anyway, you have little contact with Lily; she's in Human Resources and you're in Graphics so you don't have to interact with her all that often. Just forget it." Carl raised the glass to his lips and drained it.

Angie's lips tightened, "Yeah, and the bitch just got a promotion; she's now Assistant Director of Human Resources. She's got to be screwing Doug Collins."

Carl laughed again. "Calm down, Angie. Not everyone is screwing around, you know. I, at least, have a good reason. My wife is almost never home and there's a ton of pussy around when I'm on the road. Besides, I wouldn't be surprised if she's getting her share when she has to travel for a "conference."

Angie stared at him. "You mean you don't care if she cheats on you? Damn, I should have married you."

"Our marriage is an intelligent union, Ang. It's kind of like an open marriage, but with no discussion. If we don't talk about it, it's not happening and I'm happy with that. Fran needs a little release, she works hard and I don't begrudge her that. What the hell, it's only sex," chuckled Carl.

Angie just shook her head. "Shit, I wish Frank felt that way. It's just that he's so bad in bed."

"Awww, poor Angie," Car smirked. "What, his dick is too little?"

Angie just grimaced. "You know better than that, Carl. Don't go believing all that shit about dick size, it really isn't all that important. Frank is quite adequate at almost six inches. It's just that he's a 'wham bam, thank you ma'am' kind of guy. He doesn't give a damn about me. Most of the time I never even have an orgasm with him. Shit, I don't know why I love the jackass" She paused briefly, "Anyway, I just wish I could get back at the bitch," she muttered as she glared across the room.

Carl followed her gaze, his mouth tightening "You're not the only one, Angie. You know that Palmer just picked up the Packard account - one that should have gone to me. The fucker will now be pulling in big bucks, well into six figures. He's got to be kissing someone's ass, Plus, he's fucking one sexy broad. I tried to come on to Lily at the last company get-together and she almost went ballistic. Shit, she's got one bitch of a temper," he concluded bitterly.

It was now Angie's turn to laugh. "I thought that you were buddies with Scott. You play golf with him and two other guys every weekend."

"Yeah, but we're not close. The golf is just a game of convenience. They needed a fourth and Scott knew that I'm a scratch player, so he asked me to join the group. He's too fuckin' perfect. You know, perfect job, perfect wife, perfect life. He's even obsessive about exercising, you know, he wants a perfect body. He's also nuts about his wife, he even has a tattoo of a lily on his butt."

Angie's eyes widened. "You've gotta be kidding. Perfect Scotty boy has a tattoo? That's a riot. I bet that Lily talked him into that - kinda like putting a brand on him," she laughed.

"Yeah, I first saw it when we all showered after a golf game. He was showing it off.... you know, proud of it." Carl shook his head in disgust.

Angie's eyes had narrowed and she was quiet for a moment, than leaned forward and lowered her voice. "You know, Carl. I have an idea how we can really screw them up. Really screw up their 'perfect" lives'. Now just be quiet and listen............."

********************

Lily and Scott Palmer had it all. Even those who weren't overly fond of the couple had to admit that they were perfect for each other. They had met in college and after their first kiss they knew that they were meant to be together forever.

After graduation Scott gained employment with the largest advertising agency on the east coast. He had majored in Management and Marketing in college and was primed to join the sales staff as an account executive. It wasn't entirely a coincidence that Lily had been offered a position in the same company in their Human Resources Department. The fact that her father was a director on the board didn't exactly hamper their chances for employment there.

Six months after joining the company they married. It was a blow-out affair with a guest list out of the social register. Scott's older brother Marc, a Lieutenant of Detectives on the local police force acted as his best man and Lily's older sister Claire was the Matron of Honor. After the honeymoon they settled into a modest five bedroom, four bath cottage with a three car garage, a swimming pool and a single tennis court. It would have been pretentious to have put in a double court, after all they were just starting out.

They were also alike in that they were both gorgeous physical specimens. Scott was dark haired, tall with a beautifully sculpted body. Lily was another story; it appeared as if she had stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine, a very expensive fashion magazine. She was blond, blue eyed and above average height with a slender, willowy figure that belied the rather impressive breasts that strained whatever garment she happened to have on.

While their love for each other was obvious, their relationship could only be described as tumultuous. While Scott was a laid back, easy going sort, Lily was another story. While innately kind and giving, she did have a fiery personality. Lily was fortunate in that her close friends were used to her outbursts and had learned to accept, or at least tolerate, them. Lily was also smart enough to recognize the danger inherent in a "loose cannon" and made sure that she was nothing but professional at her job. 

Unfortunately, Scott never knew, from day to day, just what he would find at home. Would it be the kind and loving wife he adored, or would he have to face a raging harridan. Luckily, her bad days did not occur too often, but every few weeks he knew that there would be trouble. It seems that it didn't take much to set Lily off; the problem was that he never knew when that would happen. A minor problem that she would just shrug off most days, would result in an emotional storm another time. It was like living with an active volcano, never being sure when the eruption would come. It was that temper that fueled the calamity that befell them. 

***************

A cloudy and blustery Saturday a few weeks later saw Carl Crowe in Angie Rizzo's graphic office at work with her drawing materials strewn over her table and desk.

"Okay, Carl. I have to be near the phone. I told Frank that I had some work to clear up and he expects me to be here. Shit, he's called me twice already. He doesn't trust anything I tell him." 

Carl laughed as he doodled on the drawing pad that Lily had presented to him. "Poor Frank, he's a lawyer, but so easy to fool. You know that he's nuts about you, Ang. That's why he's still with you. Anyway, here's the drawing."

Angie mouth twisted with disgust as she viewed Carl's drawing. "Damn it, Carl. You can't draw worth a shit," she complained. "That's the lousiest sketch I've ever seen."

"What do you want from me, Ang. I can't draw, big deal. This whole thing is your idea so come up with another solution to my lousy drawing," answered Carl crossly.

"Wait, wait," Angie replied excitedly. "Let me get some clip art down. I know that we have a book of flowers." Angie started to rummage through the volumes on a back shelf off her office. " Here it is, let me leaf through this. Aha, here we go - a lily. Now, is this like the one on Scott's butt?"

"Bingo, you've got it. That's exactly like it, except his is in color, not black and white."

"Not to worry, sweetie. I'll do the color. Just give me the size of that tattoo as close as you can and we'll get started," smiled Angie.

"One inch, Ang. Scott even told us how big it was. He would brag, 'one inch, guys. I've got a one inch Lily right here' and then he'd laugh, the dumb schmuck," Carl told her.

"Okay, one inch," repeated Angie. "Now get your pants and shorts off and let me get started. I've got all the materials right here." With that Carl did as he was told and removed his slacks and undershorts, standing there without a trace of embarrassment.

"Turn around, Carl. I'm not going to draw on your dick," laughed Angie. 

Carl had a small smile on his face. "We're gonna do more than just draw, Ang. Once the drawing on my butt is finished, we start taking pictures. That's why the camera is perched there on the tripod. Where's the remote, by the way?"

"Yeah, yeah, I know. That's the deal. You get to fuck me and we'll get some good shots, but from the waist down. Lily Palmer is going to get proof that her perfect hubby is screwing around on her. It's a good thing that you kinda look like Scott, at least, I hope, below the waist," Angie chuckled. "Oh, the remote's on the arm of the couch, that's where the action's going to take place."

"Hmmm," mused Carl. "Now how do you know what Palmer looks like below the waist, Ang. Have you been boffing him?"

Angie laughed despite herself. "Keep quiet, Carl and let me finish. This won't take too long," she said as she bent to the task. True to her word the drawing was finished fairly quickly and Carl looked at his rear in the mirror Angie provided. "Perfect, Ang. It's just as I remember it. Look, we won't make the pictures too crystal clear, kind of soft focus. That'll take care of any slight difference there might be."

Carl then slowly licked his lips, began to unbutton his shirt, his last remaining garment and nodded to Angie. "Ok, cupcake. Off with your clothes. Let's get this on."

Carl watched closely as Angie shed her blouse and skirt. Seconds later she was nude and standing proudly before him. Angie knew that she still had a great figure. Her breasts were still firm with dark nipples that had started to stiffen. Her waist was trim with a belly that had a slight swell which only added to her sexual allure. Carl's eyes traveled to the darkness below and saw that her pubic hair was neat and well trimmed.

"Ok, Ang. Let's get to it. We'll let the camera go on automatic for awhile and then crop the pictures so that we print just what we want. The money shot will show Palmer's butt with the lily on it as he's pumping into a pussy that sure isn't blond," he laughed.

********************

It was a cool evening despite the fact that the calendar indicated that spring had finally arrived. Scott Palmer parked his car in the garage and trudged wearily into the house. He had been working the Simmons' account for weeks, trying to overcome each objection old man Simmons had fired at their ad presentation. Tonight had been just one in a prolonged series of meetings trying to placate the old bastard. Scott had no inkling as to what was to greet him when he walked into his sanctuary.

He dropped his briefcase on the chair in the spacious foyer, stripped off his suit jacket and tie, both of which he draped over his arm. Walking into the living room he saw Lily standing there glaring at him.

Uh, uh, he thought. What the fuck has set her off this time. Scott usually shrugged off Lily's tantrums, but tonight he was just too beat to put up with any shit. He was startled though when she beat him to the verbal draw.

"You rotten, cheating son -of- a- bitch," she hissed, spittle flying from her mouth. "My faithful, adoring husband is nothing but another prick who thinks with his dick. Oh, you poor, hardworking, lying bastard. Late night meetings, huh? Late night screwing is more like it, you prick."

Lily had hit her stride. She hurled invective after invective at Scott who just stood there, dumbfounded at the sight of his wife spitting and hissing like a viper about to strike at his jugular. 

She slowly approached him, still hurling verbal barbs. She was white with anger and Scott was just barely able to grab her hand as it came flying up to his face. His patience was worn thin and he clasped her hand with some force, causing her to gasp in pain.

"Let go of my hand, you son-of-a-bitch," she spat as she attempted to claw him with her other hand. Scott lips curled in disgust as he pushed her onto the sofa.

"Shut the fuck up," he roared. "I've had it, I've had it with your irrational, idiotic outbursts. I don't know what set you off this time, but it's the last time. You're acting like a spoiled child. One day you'll grow up and learn to comport yourself with some dignity and maturity."

Scott's words stung Lily and she cowered, stunned by his vehemence. He sat down close to her and lowered his voice. "Lily, listen to me, please. I don't know where you got this ridiculous notion, but please let me assure you that I have never, repeat NEVER cheated on you. The thought has never even entered my mind." 

His voice took on a pleading tone. "Lily, I love you, I've always loved you. The very thought of betraying you would kill me. Please, Lily, please.... believe me" 

Lily's eyes softened for a moment, then quickly hardened again. This time her voice was calm and controlled. "Fuck you, Scott. You're a pretty good liar, but I KNOW that you're a cheat and an adulterer, so you can quit trying to be the injured party. I saw the proof. You're going to crawl through hell before I forgive you."

Scott sighed and rose to his feetl. He looked down at his wife and shook his head slowly. "Have it your way, Lily, but I won't play your game. I don't know what put this wild hair up your ass, but you can play the martyr by yourself. In the meantime I'm leaving. Stew in your own bile for a bit . I may be back and then again I may not. Chew on that for awhile," 

"Forget about coming back," Lily snarled. "Go fuck your girlfriends." Her voice dropped and if Scott had looked back he would have seen the tears flowing down her cheeks. "They ......can have you," her voice cracked as he stalked out of the house.

********************

The next few days were agonizing for both Lily and Scott. Scott had made good his threat about leaving and had rented a suite at the local Extended Stay Inn not far from work. He had made sure that Lily was at work when he came home and packed most of his clothing and personal effects.

They were both subdued and tense at work which was quickly noted by their co-workers who avoided them whenever possible. Fortunately, Scott and Lily worked on different floors and it was not difficult for them to avoid each other. Things came to a head a few days later.

Scott was seated at his desk, trying to develop a proposal, when his phone rang. 

"Scott? This is George, are you busy?" a deep, authoritative voice asked.

Scott blinked, surprised to hear from his father-in-law. He immediately thought that Lily had brought out the big guns, getting her father to threaten him with dismissal, then smiled as he realized that would be the last thing that George would do. His respect for the man knew no bounds; George Bender was a true gentleman with a huge amount of integrity.

"George, it's nice hearing from you. No, I'm not busy. What do you have in mind?" asked Scott.

"Good, then do me a favor, son. It's almost lunch time, why not pop out and join me for a bite at the club. It's not far and you wouldn't be too late getting back. It's time that we had a chat, something that we should have had a while ago." 

It was a short time later that saw Scott Palmer seated with his father-in-law in a small dining room at a private and very exclusive center city club. They had greeted each other in a warm and friendly manner and enjoyed their lunch along with a bottle of good California wine. Scott declined the offer of a cigar, but rose and followed George into an adjoining study. George motioned Scott to have a seat and then closed the door firmly behind him. George was obviously uncomfortable and Scott watched this tall, blond growing gray man pace a bit before seating himself also.

"Okay, son. I'm sure that you're astute enough to realize the purpose of this little meeting. Lily has been raving and ranting about your so called adultery and her mother has been commiserating with her, something that she has done for ages. Helen has always been terrified by Lily's temper and so my daughter has never grown to realize that temper tantrums are for children, not adults."

George sighed ruefully. "I suppose that it's partly my fault also. You know that Lily is our youngest child and I guess that I've given into her more than I should have. But this notion of hers is ludicrous, despite what she calls the so called proof of her claim. I told her that I just do not believe her accusations. I know you, Scott, and I know that infidelity is just not part of your character. So what the hell is going on, son?"

Scott leaned back in his chair and smiled wryly. "You know, George, you're my father-in-law, my wife's father, and yet you believe in me and are certain that I wouldn't betray my marriage. Isn't that sadly ironic? You will not believe that I cheated, yet my sweet, loving, trusting wife does. What does that tell you about the kind of relationship Lily and I have?

"I opened my heart to her, George. I pleaded with her, I swore I had never betrayed her and she just spat at me and cursed me. The events of the past few days have opened my eyes. I saw, perhaps for the first time, just what kind of person Lily really is. I truly believe that Lily may be schizophrenic, George. She seems to be two different people and I have been going nuts trying to figure out who she is at any given time. It's like a Jekyll and Hyde situation." Scott had to stop, his eyes filling with tears.

George felt his heart go out to this man who was like a son to him. He started to speak, but Scott put up his hand. 

"George, most of the time Lily is as sweet and kind as anyone I know. But there are times, at least every few weeks or so, when she goes nuts. Most of the time her anger is not directed at me, thank goodness, but she does find a target and I have to wait until she regains her mental equilibrium. I'm tired, George. I'm really tired. It's like living with a time bomb and I'm tired of it. I love Lily, I really do, but this little blow-up is the final straw. I can't live with her, George. I'm truly sorry, but I just can't live like this."

Scott took a deep breath and lowered his eyes. He truly hated to wound this decent man. "I've decided to divorce her, George. I've given this a lot of thought and I see no other solution. I love her, but I'm going to divorce her." 

George Bender paled as he heard Scott's plan. He knew that this would devastate Lily, despite her anger at what she perceived as her husband's betrayal. His mind worked quickly and in seconds he had come up with a desperate plan.
