 I take a shortcut down a backroad to get home each night after work. The drive takes me by a small park where the neighborhood kids play. Everyday, she is there. You know who I mean, the girl from your past that you dreamt about, except now she's a woman. Most days, she would sit on a bench that faced the road, watching her niece play with the other kids, but her eyes would stray to the road when a car drove by. Some days she was alone, but still watching cars drive by, more often than not, she was drinking a beer with a cigarette in her other hand. She looked out of place sitting there on a park bench with her hair perfect, those shiny nails, and a glittering rock on her finger that could finance a third world country. I knew that her house was not too far up the road, had watched her once as she walked to that same spot, her bench, in my mind. 

I knew her name, hell, every guy in town knew her. We had all loved her in school, wanted her, spent our youth jacking off thinking of her face between our legs. She was homecoming queen, prom queen, student this, student that. She had smiled, waved as expected when she won, but there was something behind that smile that seemed gone and hollow.

Back then, I had pictured her in my mind many times, her cheerleader outfit being pushed up by me, and not that brainless jock she later married. My hands had played across her tan skin to squeeze those pert tits, lips kissing hers, my hands fumbling into her panties, touching that place of velvet jelly inside her. I usually came at that image, drifting to sleep with sticky fingers. 

Now, she lived down this quiet stretch of road from me, married to Mr. Asshole, still beautiful, but sad looking, too. Every day she was there, a drink or cigarette as her best friends, just looking at us. I never stopped, never had the nerve. I started to count on her being there. If she was gone, I panicked a little, wondering if something was wrong. If she had left him, left me also. But, she would always be back, her feet keeping beat to a tune only she heard. 

One day, she waved. It happened so quickly I almost missed it. She waved at me. I didn't wreck, luckily. My eyes were so far behind me trying to see her, I clipped the tree with my side mirror, causing the spring to snap back hard, totally scaring the shit out of me. I jerked the truck back hard, too fast now... 'fuck' ...fishtailed, then went straight again. I was embarrassed and sweating from adrenaline. Great! Just great... she waves and I damn near kill myself. I didn't turn around. I jerked off that night, alone in the bathroom while my wife slept. I pictured her waving and her smile. Of course, she was naked now, her breasts tan, no lines. Her hips swayed as she walked to me, she smiled as we touched, it was electric. Her hands were cool, delicate as they touched me. I came as soon as she pushed her hands inside my jeans. 

"God damn it!" I thought, "Fifteen years, and I still can't go all the way with her." 

She was not there the next day, or the next. I started to think that she had wanted to talk with me, but after watching my near crash had thought better of it. Each evening as I came around the bend I sat up straighter, then slumped again as I drove by the empty bench. The third day she was there again. Sitting on her bench, drinking again as a misty rain started to drizzle on her. She waved at me again. I stopped clean this time, I had to talk to her. I had to know that this was real. I parked close to her, started to get out. My heart was pounding as her hips swayed as she walked up to me, pushed me back inside.

"Wait, not here. I wanna get in. We can go on down to mine, he's gone on a trip with his loser buddies. He called from Florida. It's all fishing and strippers by now." She climbed in my truck, her hand never leaving the beer or the cigarette clutched tight in one small fist.

"Do you remember me, from school I mean?" I asked her. 

"Honey, I remember everyone from school," she took a drag on the smoldering cigarette; "I wondered why you never left here. I was a little disappointed that you never seemed interested enough to ask me out" she smiled wanly at that, like she was going back there in her head, then she shook a little, smiled at me again. 

"Hell, you know I wanted to ask you out, but you were always with Mr. Sports, and I liked walking without a cane." I lied. I would never have had the nerve back then. 

She laughed at me, not mean, just a giggle. Then more loudly until she spilled a little of her beer on her T-shirt. Damn! A nice wet spot right on her breast. Right there! Thanks, I'm hard now, I thought. 

"I'm sorry, I'm not laughing at you...Just thinking about him. How many times I fucked around behind him back then. I wished you'd asked me. I stopped after we got married. I wanted to be a good wife, no foolin' around. Things weren't half bad, but then he found out I couldn't have his litter. He never looks at me sober anymore. Fuck, he doesn't look at me at all now." She looked away at that last part, her hand covering her mouth. She blew smoke into the bottle, then she sucked down another drink. 

She just looked straight ahead. I tried to process everything I had heard, put it together somehow. He never touched her anymore? What the fuck? 'Cause she couldn't have his damn kids? Like I said, asshole then, asshole now. I don't have kids either, but that was by choice. I didn't touch my wife 'cause I got tired of the slap on my hand that usually followed, or the boring routine if she didn't. 

She sat quietly, sipping her beer as we drove to her home. The place sat back from the end of the road with no one else around for a mile in any direction. I have to admit her home was beautiful. With the money he made playing ball, it should have been. I can still remember the satisfaction I felt watching him blow out a knee running down a routine ground ball. Fucker! He didn't appreciate her then, didn't now. Now, he sold real estate, took trips without her. I wondered how anyone could let her out of his sight or touch. 

When we stopped, she slid to the door, turning to look at me. I felt like I was being appraised. She looked at me like I look at strippers. But when she did it I felt comforted. 

We talked about what we had both done since we graduated school a thousand years ago. She told me she had wanted to go to college, but he wanted her home, available to travel with him while he was on the road. She said after the first year, she traveled with him less and less. There's plenty of women available on the road… She said she did not mind really, he was lousy in bed, but she did like spending his money. 

I just followed her, picturing how her mouth would look, saying 'yes' to me. I drank beer with her, and after six, I began to feel a little like I was swimming, like she was talking to me under water. I blinked once, then saw that she was next to me. I never saw her move, she was just there. When she leaned in this time I didn't come like in the dream, I just settled into the kiss, alcohol I guess making me bolder. It was just like I had imagined, maybe better, with her insistent tongue pushing inside my mouth. I tasted her beer, the cigarette, I loved it. She licked me, my hands bunching in her hair as I felt that droning start in the back of your mind when you haven't breathed in enough air. We broke then, gasping a little. She smiled at me and her eyes got a little dreamy while she wiped her chin. 

"I've watched you for a while," she smiled, "I've thought about this. I asked around town what your situation was. You never seemed connected to us in school. Not in a mean way..., just like you didn't care. I always wanted to know why." She leaned over and started kissing me again. 

As she did this I tried to comprehend what the hell she meant. I was a shy, underweight goof in school, to scared to ever approach her. But if that came across as mysterious to her, then great. 

"I think you're still cute," she said. 

I felt, then heard the zipper going down and her hand tugging at my belt. My stomach got that fluttery feeling you get just before a hand slips in, your mind is screaming 'YES!', wanting it to happen. If I had been a little more sober I might have actually come when she pulled me out, instead I simply watched her. She looked into my eyes and gave me a small smile. Her gaze never left me as she went down on me. I watched as her head tilted to suck me in. Her tongue slipped around my shaft, her mouth wet and hot. I couldn't keep my eyes open as I fought that toe curling feeling of wanting to shoot off now. Her head beat a steady pace up and down, her hands on my knees. It was the most supremely satisfying moment of my life. 

She kept sucking, just her mouth. I had never known that it could be like that. I felt her desire, not just to please me, but to please herself while each movement was bringing me closer. At times, she stopped and swirled her tongue over the tip, her giggle muffled by my cock. I felt out of body, like I was observing some other guy getting fantastic head. I warned her I was close, that I was so close. Then she did something my wife had never done. With no pause, she simply reached up, her hand on my mouth, telling me to keep quiet. I erupted at that.

Every fantasy moment I had ever imagined with her spilled into her mouth. Her lips never left me, drinking me. I usually make no sounds other than a quiet hiss when I cum. With her I screamed, my hips pushing, trying to get as deep in her as I could. I think I slipped into her throat then. It's hard to tell when you are fighting to stay conscious. She kept sucking, wanting it all. At last, satisfied there was no more, she looked up then, eyes watery, makeup running. I leaned down, to kiss her. She seemed a little startled and tried to say that she still had some of me in her mouth. I didn't care. She grabbed me harder then, kissing frantically, pulling me down on top of her. I pulled up, trying to catch my breath. 

"Nobody ever did that with me, I mean, not after I..." she seemed so amazed, but smiled just the same. 

I cut her off with another kiss, my hands cupping her breasts. I felt her up like I had wanted to all those years ago, squeezing, pulling. She had no bra on, so I flipped her t-shirt up. I suckled her, my teeth grazing the nipples. They were perfect, Just Perfect. I circled them, my hands never off her, lifting, holding. She started to breathe harder, pulled me tighter. My leg slipped between hers, our jeans rubbing. The more I bit, pulled on her nipples, the harder she humped my leg, her hands holding the back of my head.

I could hear her whispering, "Yes… yes... sweet" was all she said. 

I dropped down to the floor, my hands tugging her jeans off, her own struggling to help me. She kicked them off, her breathing ragged. She had nothing under the jeans. I went around her hips, my hands digging into that sweet ass, that perfect heart shape. She was there, right in front of me after all this time. I was drooling at that point. Then I saw something I have never seen before or since. She was shaved with only a triangle of hair above her lips. As I watched as they parted like time-lapse photos of a flower, her wetness making her look polished.

I settled into her, my lips pursed in sucking her. I slipped fingers in her as I ate her, first just one, then as she bucked at me, cried out 'yes, yes' I slipped in another, then a third. I twisted then in her, reached around to her g-spot. She came yelling my name, then again. I was holding her up by then, greedy to keep going, but she started to pull away. I kept sucking, my fingers fucking her deeper. My other hand had been teasing her ass. When I slipped a finger inside her back passage, it offered no resistance, just like a hot knife into butter. I thought she had moaned and screamed before. I was wrong. She started coming in rolling waves, her hands beating on me, her words just gibberish and curses... Then it hit me, full in my face. No other woman! Never! Ever! She squirted on me! It was scalding hot with her body heat. Right into my mouth and on my face. I knew what it was, had heard of it, never thought it was real. I got hard again, harder than I had since I was sixteen. 

She fell to the floor as she rode out the waves. I was soaked. My shirt, drenched with the liquid she had just given me. I felt myself growing harder still, but I also needed to pee from the damn beer. I stumbled up, my pants still on, but undone from her sucking me. I knew that I could not use her bathroom if I was that hard, I could never bend it down that far. I thought a trip to the bushes was called for. 

"I'll be right back" I kissed her and stepped outside. 

There was a stand of trees just off the side of her home, so I went over to them, fishing it out to relieve myself. I was still as stiff as a piece or iron. Next thing I knew, she was next to me still naked from the waist down. I jumped when I felt her hands on my hips. 

"What are you doing out here, why'd you go?" she pouted. 

"I have to pee, honey, but you made me hard again, I...I can't get it down so I was just gonna pee out here" I said. 

"Oh...oh...Ohhhhh..."She giggled at first, then laughing till tears started at her eyes. 

She gave me the giggles just watching her, which only made it worse. Finally, she stopped and then stepped up closer to me. 

"Uummmmmm......let me.....lemme...hold it when you do it...okay?" she whispered in my ear, her hand snaking around me. I had thought I was hard before, wrong. "I wanna feel it, He'd never let me do this, hold it, I mean." She nodded at me, "Do it...do it...do it...pee" 

I trusted her, trusted her voice. Hell, we all pee, but I had the hottest woman I have ever known holding my cock when I did it. Her hand on me was that same cool touch of my dreams, I relaxed and let go. She enjoyed it, making me shoot up and down. I got harder still. The beer gone, she giggled, shaking me like I told her, her grip hard on her new toy. Satisfied, she turned me a little then, bending at the waist, sucking me back in her mouth. She sucked then popped off, a loud 'smack' as she did it, smiling at me. She held my prick then like you do a dog's leash, pulling me to the porch. She squatted down, taking my shoes, socks, pants off. I stripped off my shirt as she worked below. We were both naked finally. The day was hot and the fine drizzle of rain cooled us off. She knelt on the porch bench with her head on the pillow and her ass in the air. She moved her hips in invitation and I didn't have to be asked twice. I thought her mouth had been tight, but it was nothing like the feeling of spearing inside her, going in until my balls hit her clit as she pushed back. She felt hotter than any other woman I had ever been with. I started pumping as hard as I could with my hands gripping her hips so I wouldn't die. Each time I pushed in my hips slapped against her ass, the skin pale where her suit covered her when she tanned. It looked like she was still dressed. 

"Slap it.......slap my ass as you fuck me" she said, moaning on each pump. 

I hit her ass with a light slap then saw her flush and buck harder. I hit her cheeks again, harder, then another harder. Each time I did it she flushed again, the red handprints now accompanied by her yelp, the 'yessssss' she squeezed out between clenched teeth. I started to feel it coming, the pressure. I pulled out, now shiny myself, rubbing her with the wet cock that she has just been fucking. She spun around, pushing me down violently on the bench, bent over again sucking me, tasting her cream on me, moaning with each draw of her cheeks. She crawled on my lap, her hand reaching in to guide me. Joined again we fucked harder and more frenzied in complete rhythm. She would sense when I was close, stop, suck me, climb back on when she wasn't kissing me.

"I want something from you," she gasped out "something I've wanted but never done. I've never trusted him, never wanted to give it to him". 

She bounced off me then, leaving me waving in frustration. I saw her fingers disappear in her cleft. I knew what she was doing, what she was lubing. She backed up to me. She reached behind, spreading her ass open, inviting me with her eyes to do it as she looked over her shoulder at me. 

I felt her hand on my cock, only now she stepped back, tilted her hips a little, my hands holding her open. I pushed up, the head at her anus. For the first time for either of us, I settled into her ass. She opened to me, pulled me in like her pussy never could. Each part of me was caressed, like a fist grasping me. I was in her where no one else had been. She leaned back then, her legs spread wide. She felt tiny to me as I held her up, bouncing her in tempo. I have no idea how long we fucked that way, it felt like forever. She had her hands inside her cunt, drawing her orgasms out, my balls wet with her as she came. Her arm wrapped around my neck got tighter each time she came. My hands were cupping her behind her knees, still pumping her to 'fuck me, fuck me, fuck, fuck.' 

I was shaking, my muscle control gone, as I felt myself shooting in her, shots that seemed to start at my feet. Each spasm made her moan, telling me 'yes baby, come,...come', her mouth on my ear purring. Not made for it, her passage squirted me out, the come running down her thigh, coating me as well. She stood up, unsteady on her legs. She reached down, her hand in the sticky white mess on my lap. She drew her fingers up, strings connecting us. She tasted it, smiled at me. She drew another, then leaned in, kissing me as before, pushing it into my mouth, still amazed that I wanted her to. 

She came back outside after getting us one more drink. We sat on her lawn letting the rain hit us as we kissed. 

She promised me she would be there tomorrow, that she would wait for me. We met again and again. It's regular now. I find places on her that she didn't know she had, she draws out fantasies from me that I have never even whispered in my own head. I have no idea where her road leads. I'm just going till it runs out.