 The lights are bright and persistent as they outline our figures, I smile when I see how they glare and reflect off of her lip gloss. The party was a wild one, and at 2:05 am we were both buzzed, dressed in smiles, and with her and I sitting close, I had of course found it hard to keep my eyes off of her. She had crossed her legs, I assumed it was body language saying that she wanted me. 

At exit 164 I traced her leg with my index finger and watched her grin in response to the game I was playing, she could tell my intentions were mischievous. As I placed soft kisses on her left shoulder and back, her eyes scanned our surroundings cautiously, and in closing her eyes she gave an unspoken signal that she wanted to play further. Draping her legs over mine to pull her closer, I kissed the top of each breast at exit 169, taking in the sweet smelling mixture of vanilla and mixed fruit lotions she had worn. I gripped her top and pictured myself ripping it to get it out of the way exposing her maroon strapless bra, she giggled a bit when she noticed my deep thought. 

My mind back on reality at exit 171, I lowered her top and bra slowly to take in a mouthful of what was underneath, I lightly bit her soft breast and watched the breath escape her mouth as I squeezed the other, we both shifted our attention to our present company, "too late to stop now" is what I jokingly whispered in her ear at exit 174 as I pulled her on top to straddle me face to face. I glanced down and played with each pleat of her skirt, and while gripping both her thighs I moved my hands forward to raise her skirt, her panties were a bra-matching maroon with a flowery see-through design on the front. She followed my gaze with a smile and asked "do you like?". 

I responded at exit 177 by taking her ass in my hands and pulling her closer to me as I kissed her lips and sucked on the bottom one longer, the warmth in between her legs seemed to heat both our bodies in the fluctuating temperature. At exit 179 she was undoing my belt and kissing each side of my neck, and by exit 180 I was rubbing her clit, she sucked on my neck to muffle her moans, I shifted my eyes to see the cab driver moving his rearview mirror, her back was to him, and I was positive he wasn't paying as much attention to the road as he was trying to see the episode going on behind his seat. As I rubbed her wet pussy her eyes shut tight, I had succeeded in making her forget our surroundings. 

At exit 182 I was anxious almost exploding from a hard dick that pressed against the wet flower print on her panties, she grinded against me, and at exit 184 I moved her panties aside and lowered her onto me, she shook as I entered, and I raised to slide in deeper, my shaft glistened as her wet pussy moved up and down slowly. At exit 186 her arms were wrapped around my neck as her hands gripped the top of the seat behind me, she moved her hips at her pace and I felt her pussy tighten around me and her moaning had become louder than the cab driver's blaring radio which ironically aired a commercial for an adult video store. My hands gripped her back and ass as I followed her body's direction to ensure that she reached her orgasmic destination. 

The back windows were fogged heavily, and through her handprints in the back left window I could see a green sign stating: Exit 189 1 mile: approaching. I wrapped my lips around her breast to suck on them as she moved her hips furiously, she was almost there and so were we with only 1/2 mile until we approached downtown. Her movements became more forceful as she shook and moaned as if electricity surged through her, her pussy now squeezing me tighter and tighter I rubbed her clit, and licked my fingers, she blushed and kissed my lips and tasted my tongue, exhausted and satisfied from her hard work. I noticed the cab slowing as he attempted to buy us time, I could see her curly brown hair as we entered downtown lights, her breathing now matched the tempo of the cab's left turn signal. 

By the time her breathing had slowed, I could see her face clearly in the lights, she laid her head on my shoulder with a smile. Attempting to fix ourselves we laughed at her tussled hair and clothes. Arriving at our destination $40.75 dollars was on the meter, I gave the driver $55 exactly as I tried not to make eye contact with him. I could see she was blushed red when the cab driver winked at us and pulled off. She motioned for me to come closer as we approached the downstairs door, I could see that our little game of Taxicab Confessions was only the beginning of the night.