 The flight was smooth... well, except for an occasional bump of turbulence. The constant drone of the jet engines had almost a mesmerizing effect. Ann was dead asleep, and I was trying to watch the in-flight movie on the iPad sized screen located on the back of the seat in front of me. I had forgotten what a long flight it was to Hawaii. Unlike Ann, I found it impossible to sleep on a plane. 

The server asked if I wanted another drink. I smiled and said I would. I was thinking as she walked away how much older the flight attendants were looking these days. First class certainly had had some perks over business class—things like filling your drinks and personal attention, but the meals still tasted like TV dinners.

I looked forward to seven days of just kicking back and drinking fruit cocktails with little umbrellas in them, but I knew Ann had other things on her agenda. Giving up on the movie, I reclined my seat back and thought about the sequence of events that led up to this trip. 

I remembered how it all began, about three months ago when we were getting ready for bed. 

"Mike," said Ann. "I need to tell you something."

She looked very troubled, so I replied with some levity, "Uh oh, those are six words a husband never wants to hear from his wife."

"Mike, this isn't a joking matter. Are you going to listen to me or not?"

"Sorry, what could be so upsetting?"

"You know how I occasionally go shopping on Saturday at the mall? I saw Karen Matthews in my favorite shoe store. We chatted for awhile, and she invited me for coffee. You remember Karen from Terry and Alan's pool party, don't you?"

"Yeah, I think so. Isn't she the mousy little blonde with the huge knockers?"

Ann punched me in the shoulder and replied, "Yes, I figured you probably noticed her. Well, you'd never guess what she told me."

"Hmmm, let me guess... She's an alien from the planet Titty-ton?"

"Can't you ever be serious?" She sighed. "Anyway, out of nowhere Karen told me that she and her husband Adam had joined a club... a swingers club."

"Good for them," I casually answered. "Now how does that concern us?"

"That's exactly what I asked her. She told me she always thought we were a fairly progressive couple... seeing how we didn't have children, we might—" 

"She thinks we're swingers?"

"No. Not exactly." Ann laughed nervously. "She said she thought we might be open to something new and adventurous in our lives."

"Oh, really? And just what did you say?"

"I told her that I thought it sounded crazy, of course! She apologized, not wanting to offend me—but then she told me the real reason for bringing up the topic."

"And?"

"Karen said if they sponsor a new couple, their membership fee would be reduced by half."

I snickered under my breath, saying, "Well, sweetheart... for me, that's a big fat no. I guess you really don't know what goes on behind closed doors." 

"I told her in no uncertain terms: thanks, but no thanks. I said we were happily married monogamists. She kept apologizing... left me this engraved invitation to their next meeting. She said if we're curious, we could attend—strictly as observers." Ann held out an embossed envelope.

"Why even show me the invitation?" I asked. "You're not actually considering this... are you?" 

"Of course not!" She paused. "I mean... I don't know."

"You don't know?" I quirked an eyebrow. "What could make you even consider something so insane? If I want new and exciting, I'll buy that jet ski I've been wanting forever."

"Don't forget that ongoing fantasy you have..."

"And which fantasy is that?"

"You know, the you have about sharing me with strangers. That's been going on for years."

"I can't believe you're bringing up our pillow talk. Sweetheart, there is a huge difference between fantasy and reality. I fantasize about shooting my boss from time to time, but I'd never actually do it."

"Come on, Mike, aren't you even at least a little curious? Karen said we could just watch, not participate."

"Curious? Sure, I guess, but not curious enough to ruin our reputation or our marriage. Let me remind you, I'm next in line for senior partner at my firm. The owners are strict Christian Bible believing fundamentalists. I don't think swinging would exactly fit into their life philosophy."

"Well, if they have actually read the Scriptures, they'd know the Bible is filled with concubines, adultery and tons of sexual misdeeds," Ann countered. "I think there is more sex in the Scriptures than in a porn flick."

"I really don't think they'd agree with you, but that's not important to me. My question is, are you that unsatisfied with our love life that you'd consider having sex with other men?"

She seemed to ponder my question before answering, "I'm not saying I'm unsatisfied, but you have to admit our sex life could use... a bit of a boost?"

"Not really. I'm not a horny teenaged boy anymore. However, what I will admit is this: I have no intention of sharing you with anyone. Ever. As far as our passion cooling off goes... that's not unusual after seven years of marriage. The honeymoon can't last forever, Ann."

"So, you don't want to spice things up between us?"

"Absolutely, I do! We can start right now." I grinned, sweeping her off her feet and carrying her to the bedroom. 

*****

Over the next few weeks, our sex was great, but I was still bothered that my wife felt that our love life was mediocre. Consequently, I put a lot of extra effort into romancing her, which brought positive changes in her attitude and the frequency of our lovemaking. Problem was, I wasn't sure if her increased libido was because of my efforts, or her fantasy about swinging. What I did notice, was her various fantasies seemed to always involve other men. 

Then, one night, after some vigorous sex, Ann asked if I would ever consider attending the swingers party Karen invited us to, before quickly adding, "only as observers." 

I had thought that ship had sailed, but I guessed not with her. In that weak moment, I agreed to think about it. Almost immediately, I regretted it. 

Ann's face lit up and I knew she took my response as a yes. Truth be told, I was curious, too.

I asked her, "Why are you so keen on this? I thought things between us were good."

"Mike, how many women were you with before you met me?"

"A few, I guess. What does that have to do about anything?"

"Answer my question. Give me a number."

"Ummm, let me think... Including high school, maybe around seven to ten. What are you getting at?"

"Well, my number is... one. You and you alone. When we met, my love for you was deep and it wasn't based on sex like most couples. Did you know it took me over a year before I could even enjoy sexual intercourse?"

"No, I didn't know that. Why didn't you say something?"

"Why? Because I love you. Look at me and then look at you... I'm a tiny woman, half your size. Plus, you're not exactly normal down there."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know. You never said anything. Did I hurt you?" I asked, pulling her close.

"That doesn't matter now. I love sex, but you have to understand why I'd be curious about other men. Would you love me less if I had experimented like you did before we met? I'm not asking this because you're inadequate. I'm only asking because I'm curious and can't get it out of my head. I will never cheat on you. I could never live with myself if I did."

"So, you're asking me for a hall pass? I can't do that. I'm sorry, but no."

"Not a hall pass. I want you to participate, also. I figure if we went as observers, I could see what it's all about without crossing the line. You might find it hot too."

"I can see why you're curious and why you want to attend." I paused. "I'll do it for you, but only as observers." 

Now that I had somewhat committed myself, I decided to look up the address shown on the invitation. It was located in what I considered the most upscale part of the city. I always pictured sex clubs to be in a sleazy part of town.

Along with the engraved invitation was a card that listed specific instructions. They included a dress code that required tuxedos for the husbands and gowns for the wives. Costume masks were mandatory. I presumed that was to conceal identity. 

During the following week I researched tuxedos and decided to buy a custom one because I thought a rented one would look tacky. This seemed like a huge cost for just one party. We hadn't yet attended, and it was already costing us hundreds of dollars. Maybe this was part of the hook that kept you coming back.

*****

On the night of the meeting, I was tying my bow tie when Ann stepped out in a gown that I'd never seen her in before. She looked truly exquisite. Sexy but not overtly so. It seemed more like we were going to a prom than a sex party.

"New?" I asked.

"Yes, I couldn't resist. You like?" She smiled and spun around. 

"Very much so, but I'd like to remind you we are just observers tonight."

"Of course we are. I just wanted you to feel proud of me. By the way, you look very handsome," she said straightening my tie.

"Thank you, sweetheart, but I'm always proud of you. I guess we better go now. It's a twenty-minute drive." 

*****

When we pulled up to the gated entrance, I was taken back by the shear size of the place. It was a multilevel mansion with tall pillars, majestic fountains, and lush landscaping. As an architect, I had an appreciation of fine design, but this was way too ostentatious for my taste. Ann looked at me and gasped out a single word, "Wow!"

We slipped on our masks while waiting our turn on the circular entrance. Ann's mask was cute. She had picked out an ornate tiger face that matched the color of her gown. Mine was a simple black tie-on Zorro type mask. The valet opened Ann's door and I came around handing him my keys. We walked up the steps leading to the grand entrance hand in hand. I could tell she was nervous by her sweaty palm. 

At the top of the stairs, we were greeted by a very large imposing man. I handed him our visitors invitation and he checked his list. After finding our names, he smiled and reached into a small box on a stand beside him. He handed us each a numbered gold key attached to a red ribbon and instructed us to wear them around our necks. He also told us not to use our real names. We were only to use our key numbers as identification. It seemed they went through a lot of trouble to protect privacy. Lastly, he asked us to surrender our cellphones.

I didn't know what to expect when we entered the building through the circular vestibule. We followed the crowd into a large ballroom. There were finely crafted marble sculptures placed in alcoves along the walls, along with oil paintings depicting graphic sexual scenes. 

People were talking in small groups—like at any cocktail party. Personally, I have never felt comfortable among a group of strangers. As we walked around, Ann was unusually quiet. I was thinking she might have felt a bit overwhelmed.

One thing I did notice was how everyone had yellow ribbons on their keys. I considered our red ones, indicated our visitor status. 

"Oh my!" Ann exclaimed. "This place is incredible!" 

"Yeah, it's pretty over the top. Don't you think it's a bit gauche, though?"

"Can't you ever stop thinking like an architect? Let's get a drink." Ann pulled me toward the makeshift bar.

As we walked up to the bartender, I looked at myself in the mirror and told the bartender, "A martini please—shake, but don't stir." 

Ann looked at me with a puzzled expression. "I've never seen you drink a martini before."

"Well, since I'm wearing a custom tuxedo, I thought..."

"Oh god, you're impossible!" She laughed. "Come on Mr. Bond, let's mingle." 

Ann reached out and took a sip of my drink. She scrunched up her mouth and said, "Ewww!" She went back to the bartender and said, "I'll have a strawberry daiquiri."

Just about then, an older, but very fit gentleman with salt and pepper hair approached us with his wife. He offered his hand to me, saying, "Welcome. Is this your first time here?"

"Yes, it is," I replied, shaking his hand. "This is my wife...uh, Mrs. Eleven and I'm Mr...ten." I chuckled, remembering the instructions. 

The older gentleman said, "I know it seems strange, but the rules are there for good reason. My wife and I have been attending for several years now. I promise you're in for an exceptionally entertaining evening." He looked at his watch and added, "Festivities will begin in just a few minutes. If you follow us, we'll help find you a seat."

They headed off towards a large arched doorway with us following behind. I couldn't help but notice how shapely his wife was as she swayed her butt in front of me. She had a fantastic figure for an older woman.

The room had rows of chairs and a small stage with band instruments. Before we sat, several couples introduced themselves. It didn't slip past me that every woman was attractive and every man seemed poised and confident. I considered that might be the criteria to be invited.

I also noticed that the men we conversed with were practically stripping Ann with their eyes. I looked around and counted only about twenty people. I thought there would be more. 

After several minutes of conversation, a man with a grayish beard stepped up to the microphone. He tapped it a couple times to see if it was live. Then, he cleared his throat and said, "Welcome one and all! Before we begin, I have a few announcements. First, I would like to greet our visitors; they must be nervous, so I implore you seasoned veterans to be gentle with them. Remember, they are virgins." He laughed and held out his hand toward us. Ann looked around and waved. 

"Next, I want to remind you that tonight is open bar night, so pace yourselves! We all know what alcohol can do. I would like to remind you there is fresh linen in all the bedrooms, along with all the necessities in the nightstands. Remember gentleman, as always, no means NO. The band will be up shortly along with the entertainment. At 2am, the bar will close, but coffee will be served until you leave. If you need a taxi, talk to the valet. You are welcome to stay as long as you like... within reason, of course. Now go have fun boys and girls and play safe!" 

When he finished, a quartet walked out on stage and began tuning their instruments. We sat there, not sure what to do next. After a few minutes a couple sat down beside us. I looked over at the huge boobs next to me and said, "Hello, Karen."

"Shhh, no names... how'd you know it was me?" She asked with a giggle.

As we chatted, a young couple in see-through leotards entered the stage and started dancing. They twisted and moved in unison, performing an erotic modern ballet. Soon, they were joined with another couple in what appeared to be a well rehearsed routine. Karen began rubbing my thigh, but I politely removed her hand and said, "Tell me more about this place."

Karen looked at her husband first and replied with a broad smile, "I suppose you want to know all the juicy stuff? Well... there is no nudity or sex on the lower floor, except for the dancers of course. The really good stuff happens when you go up stairs." She pointed toward the stairs. 

There were several couples walking up toward the second-floor landing.

She continued, "Once you're on the second floor, you will see two dressing rooms. One for guys and one for gals. The key around your neck opens your locker. You must remove all your clothing and wear only the towel provided."

"Kind of like at the spa?" Ann asked. 

"Well, not really—unless you get fucked at your spa." She giggled.

"I don't think we're ready for that yet." I regarded my wife. "Are we, hun?" 

She looked back at me but didn't respond. 

"Were not ready. Right?" I asked again. 

She shook her head no, but it lacked conviction.

Karen's husband suddenly intervened. 

"That's too bad," he said. "I guarantee you'd be very popular my dear. Well, I guess we'll go join the debauchery upstairs. Hope to see you soon." He added, pulling Karen to her feet. 

We sat there watching the erotic dance show in silence. It was very stimulating and I felt myself start to stir. The dancers were simulating various sexual positions with their arms and legs intertwined like contortionists. 

After a few minutes, the man that gave the announcements sat down next to me and said, "I'm Carlton, and you must be Mike?"

"What about the no names rule?"

He laughed at my question and replied, "Those rules don't apply to me. I own this place."

"Well, I'm very impressed," I said, shaking his hand. 

"It doesn't seem like you're impressed enough to join in on the festivities tonight, are you?"

"Everyone seems nice, but I don't think we're ready for that yet." I looked over quickly at Ann. She didn't respond.

Carlton sat and talked with us about the history of the club. After a while, Ann excused herself to go to the ladies' room. 

I found him to be personable and very witty. He explained to me that he and his wife started swinging while visiting Jamaica about fifteen years ago. He also told me how hard it was at first for him to see his wife enjoying other men. But after he realized it wasn't a threat to their marriage, he was more than good with it. He said things changed quickly after his business boomed. They decided to use their newfound wealth to build this mansion and host these gatherings. 

He also added that new members, like us, were the lifeblood of the gatherings. Carlton mentioned that a fresh stream keeps the pond from stagnation. Suddenly, I realized that Ann had been gone for quite awhile. I stood up, looking around. It appeared that Carlton and I were the only ones who were still on the ground floor.

"Looking for your wife?" he asked. 

"Yes, she said she was going to the ladies' room, but she's been gone longer than I thought."

He smiled. "I'm sure she did. The ladies' room is located on the second floor."

"But...isn't the second floor..."

"Yes, you better hurry up and find her, before she is fully initiated." 

I turned and almost sprinted to the stairs, not quite believing Ann would do this. As soon as I rounded the corner at the upper floor landing, I was stopped by the same large man we'd encountered at the entrance. 

I tried to slip around him, but he blocked my way and said, "You must change first. The lockers are in here." He pushed open the door that said "Gentleman." Rather than argue with this behemoth man that outweighed me by at least a hundred pounds, I followed his directions. 

The room was more than a locker room. Nothing like you'd find at a gym. It was elegantly decorated with upholstered chairs and fancy wardrobe cabinets. What didn't go unnoticed, were the two female attendants dressed in white. I guess I must have looked confused because a gorgeous brunette, with her hair tucked in a bun asked, "May I assist you, sir?"

"I'm not sure."

"May I see your key, sir?"

I slipped my key off from around my neck and handed it to her. She turned and walked to an armoire across the other side of the room and said, "Here you are. You'll find hangers, a towel and slippers in here." She opened the lock with my key and added, "Would you like some help?"

"look, all I want is to find my wife and go." I said, edging toward the door.

"I'm sorry, sir, but I'm afraid you can't enter without removing your garments. Those are the rules." 

I felt like a six-year-old being scolded by the lifeguard.

"Is there a chance you would you go and retrieve my wife for me?" 

"Sorry, sir, I can't leave my post. You may go downstairs and wait for her there."

I was frustrated at this point and felt my original Instincts were right. We should have never come tonight. I felt the need to rescue Ann, but I wasn't sure at this point if she wanted to be rescued. 
