 Please note, the gig I'm going to describe is real, but all the erotic stuff is fiction. 



My band was going to play our biggest performance. Ever. It was at a bar with several hundred people. To a professional band, that's nothing, but to an amateur garage band, that's huge. I played in a rock band with some kids I knew from school and around town. There were 4 of us. We had a singer named Zach, who also played rhythm guitar, and was a senior at my high school (I'm a senior too). On the drums was another senior at my school that we were friendly with, named Chris. On the bass was another senior at my school named Matt. Then there was me on lead guitar. My name is also Matt by the way. We didn't really have a specific sub-genre of rock, since we played all kinds, from classic to metal. We did write our own stuff though. The main songwriters were Zach and me. Following is a list and description of all the band members, before I go too far.

Me- 18 years old. Not tall, maybe 5'8"-5'9", dark brown hair, blueish-gray eyes, rather prominent hooked nose, broken once. Quiet and shy until I get to know someone. Plays guitar. Listens to pretty much anything except country and really heavy stuff (screamo, death metal, hardcore, thrash metal, etc), particularly likes Green Day, Nirvana, Metallica, Ozzy Osbourne, Disturbed, and Sublime. 

Zach- 18 years old. About my height. Long, brown hair (like a heavy metal rocker), blue eyes. Not a good looking guy. My mom once said he could rival Mick Jagger and Steven Tyler. Friendly but rather reserved and quiet. Sings vocals, and plays guitar and bass. Listens to metal music, like Ozzy, Metallica, Megadeth, Mötley Crüe, Kiss, and Van Halen.

Matt- 18, almost 19. Decent height, maybe 5'10-6' range. Light brown hair, green eyes. Quiet, but funny and quite immature for his age. He's the joker in the band. He's also been known to start flicking and pinching wars with Zach, which is exactly what it sounds like, chasing each other, trying to flick and pinch them. Plays bass and guitar. Listens to really heavy stuff, death metal and screamo particularly. I can't stand that type of music, so I don't know any bands in those genres.

Chris- 18 years old. About my height. Dark brown hair and eyes. Funny, but a little out there. Is known to wear a spoon around his neck, for reasons no one knows. Chris also saved my sorry ass from flunking out of French in school. Listens to heavy stuff, particularly the big 4 (biggest metal bands of our generation), Slayer, Megadeth, Metallica, and Anthrax. 

Anyway, Zach's dad's friend hooked us up with a gig at a small venue. We were all pumped to play and couldn't wait to hit the stage. Like I said, there were going to be several hundred people there, watching us. It was going to be the length of a real concert, probably around a 2 hour set list. We compiled what we thought were our best songs and threw in a handful of cover tunes so they would know some songs. This was the hardest part. We'd played so many cover songs, so we had to pick what we thought were the most famous. We settled on 6 of them (in this order): "Day Tripper" (the Beatles), "TNT" (AC/DC), "Fade to Black" (Metallica), "Holiday" (Green Day), "Enter Sandman" (Metallica again. Zach insisted), and "Time of Your Life" (Green Day again). We decided to play 4 original songs, then a cover tune, and repeat the pattern until we ended with "Enter Sandman" and "Time of Your Life" as the 2 encore songs. 

I'm not gonna lie, I was pretty nervous. Even more so when my girlfriend of 2 years, a college freshman named Liv, called me and told me she was coming home for the weekend. Naturally, she wanted to see me. So I told her about my gig that weekend (Friday night to be exact) and she freaked out, really looking forward to it. She arrived home about 2 hours later, at around 5. The show started at 7. I had to quickly drive over to her house and give her a ticket. For front row seats too. We hadn't seen each other for several weeks, so Liv was all over me. She was about 5'3" with light brown hair and hazel eyes. The perfect height for me. She also had a gorgeous body. She literally turned heads at my school when she walked into a room. She had gorgeous soccer legs and a really nice, firm ass to match, my favorite feature of hers. Her stomach was perfect, toned and flat but not ripped, with a hot belly button piercing. She also had maybe a C cup rack, perfectly proportioned on her.

One thing led to another, ending with a good-luck blowjob from her on the couch, which really helped with the stress. Before I knew it, it was 6 o'clock. I stood up, still in heaven from her mouth on my cock just moments before. Liv stood up too and led me to my car. I opened the door but before I could get in, she attacked my lips with violent and surprising lust and ferocity, sucking and biting softly. It must've been a good 15 seconds before she pulled away. She gave me a smile and said, "Good luck, you sexy rockstar. I'll be in the front row, cheering and maybe flashing you." She laughed and hugged me goodbye. I smiled and kissed her again before getting into my car and driving back to my house. I got home, just in time to eat and pack up all my shit. We all took our own cars to gigs, so we wouldn't have to wait around if we wanted to leave after. I arrived at about 6:30, the last one there. Zach was pacing furiously, waiting. He finally saw me and asked, "Where the hell were you? We've been waiting for half an hour."

"Sorry. I had to stop at Liv's house and give her a ticket."

Matt said with a grin, "That the only thing you gave her? Not a quickie in your car or anything?"

I laughed. "Shut up. She was like a roadie. Handling my equipment. Very sensitive equipment, you get me?" I said with a wink. All 3 of them snorted with laughter. 

Chris spoke, "We should probably change and warm up. Don't wanna keep the crowd waiting." 

Zach nodded. "Yeah, let's go." 

We met up 5 minutes later, instruments in hand, changed into stage clothes. I went from shorts and a T-shirt to a wife beater and dark jeans. Matt had on a Slipknot T-shirt and shorts. Zach was wearing a plain black T-shirt and skinny jeans. I hate those on guys. They look fucking disgusting. But on girls, particularly Liv, they look amazing, bringing out her already incredible ass and legs. Chris was clad in shorts and a Slayer T-shirt, with headphones for his drum kit around his neck. We stood there for about 10 minutes, jamming and improvising chords and solos, just to warm up. 

Then a stage crew guy poked his head around the corner. "You guys are on in 5." He turned and disappeared. Those 5 minutes passed fast. He reappeared and motioned for us to walk on stage. We all turned and exchanged fist pumps and nods, and filed onto the stage. We were met with huge applause. I knew this was going to be awesome. I saw Liv and some of her friends, who she must have smuggled in, standing in the "mosh pit", which was actually just lounge area with no seats. She smiled at me and blew me a kiss. I waved and walked over to my amp, quickly pairing it with my wireless transmitter, so I could walk around the stage freely without any amp cables restricting my movement. Zach came over and did the same. Matt's bass amp was on the other side of the stage, and he had a wireless transmitter too. Chris grinned and sat down behind the drum kit, putting his headphones on. 

Zach nodded at me and walked over to the mic. "Are you guys ready?" he asked us. We all nodded. Zach grinned, "Excellent," and turned to the crowd, the noise instantly stopping and focusing on us. "Good evening. How you guys doing? We'll be playing 4 of our original songs at a time followed by a cover song. The pattern repeats until our encore. Ok? Alright, let's do it." Then the lights went out. The crowd screamed in anticipation. That was my cue. I did a slow dive bomb with my whammy bar and jumped right into our first song, a fast, upbeat, almost punk sounding tune. The lights came back on, illuminating us on stage. They were blinding though. I couldn't see the crowd at all. It was also fucking hot under those stage lights. I was covered in sweat by the time we hit "Day Tripper", our first cover song. The concert was going really well. The crowd was getting more into it with every song. Zach really knew how to put on good shows, talking with the crowd and frequently stopping the songs completely to pump them up. The cover songs were the highlight. The crowd could actually sing along to them. With our second one, "TNT", Matt and I had to sing background vocals over the guitar riff. We eventually stopped and let the crowd sing background vocals for the rest of the song. They loved it. I caught glimpses of Liv every once in a while, smiling and cheering and singing along. Our next tune, "Fade to Black", was very emotional. It's probably the saddest song I can name off the top of my head (listen to it and you'll see what I mean). Zach sang the vocals with huge emotion in them. People even started waving lighters and phone screens. This song had challenging solos, so I had to really work to nail them, but it was still awesome to play. 

After the song was finished, Zach spoke, "I want to thank you all for coming out to see us tonight. It's the biggest we've ever had! Thank you!" 

The next one, "Holiday", was easily the most well known song we played. A massive cheer went up as I entered with the intro. This was a simple but very fun song to play. The best part was in the middle of the song (Right after the bridge and guitar solo. You'll know what part I mean if you know the song) when the lights went out. Matt entered with that killer bass line. The whole stage was dark except for a stage light illuminating him. Zach really dragged it out, letting the crowd cheer and enjoy the sound. He finally came in with the vocals about 2 minutes later, Chris joining him on drums. Everyone was now lit up with stage lights except me. I finally joined in when the breakdown ended, rocking out and ending the song really energetically. We bowed and walked off stage for an intermission, the final chord of the song still ringing in the amps. 

We quickly took off our instruments and sat down, wiping sweat off our faces. Zach grinned. "This is one badass performance!" 

"Hell yeah! They love us!" Matt said, looking out at the crowd. "I could do this all night." 

I nodded and cracked my knuckles. That's when I saw Liv coming over. I stood up. "Liv? How'd you get back here?" 

She smirked. "I had to bribe the guy to let me in. I just want you all to know how fucking amazing this gig is. My friends love it!" She smiled at us and asked, "Could I steal my boyfriend for a few minutes? I want to congratulate him before the encore." 

Matt gave me a knowing smirk, which I returned. Zach nodded. "Sure. But don't be too long. We go back on in 10 minutes." 

Liv smiled again. "Thanks. Let's go." She grabbed my hand and led me away. I noticed her best friend from college, a very attractive chick named Marisa, also standing there. She was about 5'5", blonde hair, green eyes. Maybe a 34D rack, with an ass to match. Not quite on the same level as Liv's, but very nice. Liv led me over to a corner, with Marisa following. They wasted no time. Both dropped to their knees and unbuttoned my jeans. 

Holy shit. I thought. I couldn't get this lucky. They both started licking my cock, getting it hard within seconds. I moaned quietly and closed my eyes. They both took one of my balls in their mouths, increasing the pleasure. Then the two girls took turns, one sucking on my balls and the other on my cock. This was too good to be true. Two of the hottest girls I'd ever met were blowing me backstage at my gig. Honestly, how much better can it get? And they were damn good at it too. I could tell from the mouth which girl was doing what. Liv had a more slow sensual mouth, with a lot of tongue. Marisa felt like a fucking vacuum cleaner. I was getting close now. I groaned and grabbed both their heads, finally blasting. Liv caught it in her mouth and swirled it around her mouth, but not swallowing. She leaned over and kissed Marisa, sharing my cum. If I hadn't just came, I think I would've then, watching them. They put my cock back into my jeans and stood up. Marisa kissed me hard, before winking and walking back to the mosh pit. Liv then kissed me even harder, tonguing me and wrapping her arms around my neck, pulling me really close. She broke it off 10 seconds later with, "Good luck. Have fun with the encore. I'll see you back at your house after. We'll continue then. This ass will be all yours." She grabbed my hands and put them on her ass.

I gave her a squeeze and kissed her. "Thanks. You should come to more of my gigs. I'll see you at my house." I smiled and walked back to my bandmates. She waved and walked away, flaunting her ass unabashedly.

"Dude, we could hear you from here! Holy shit. Not so fucking loud next time, alright?" Matt said, grinning. 

I laughed and grabbed my guitar. "I'm sorry, but I just got a double blowjob. You'd be loud too if you just had one." I looked at the stage, just as the lights went out. The other 3 went out on stage, still in the dark. I slowly walked out, lit up by a stage light following me, playing the evil sounding "Enter Sandman" riff. The crowd cheered, recognizing it. Chris joined me with the drums, also being lit up. Finally, about 2 minutes later, Matt and Zach joined in. Zach had to sing with a growly voice for this one. This was my favorite one to play at the gig. I walked around the stage for the whole song. The solo was badass, and Zach stopped the song multiple times. 

The first time was right before the part when James Hetfield (Metallica's singer) recites the prayer with the girl. Zach asked for a volunteer and got one almost instantly, a teenage girl, about 16 or 17. They recited the prayer, and ended with her doing a stage dive into the crowd. The second time, which I preferred, was towards the end of the song. Zach sang the last line of the last chorus "We're off to never never land!" and the band just crashed, letting the last chord ring. Once again, the lights went out. He paused, and asked, "Are you guys gonna have nightmares tonight? The sandman is watching. He's under your bed. Or in your closet. And always in your head." The crowd cheered in response. Zach gave an evil chuckle as I entered with that sinister riff, the lights coming back on (If you know the song, it's at about 4:20 into it. My favorite part to play. I love Hetfield's laugh). Zach resumed singing, and the song gradually faded out. 

Our last song, "Time of Your Life", was played with just me and Zach. Matt and Chris left and started packing their gear up. We finished with thundering applause. The other two came back on stage and we did a rock star bow, before walking off stage. I caught Liv's eye, and she smiled at me. I couldn't wait to get home. I knew what was coming. The 4 of us accepted drinks (not alcohol, this was a public place and we were all underage) and stayed for about another half hour, before leaving, agreeing to practice sometime that week.

I arrived at my house about 20 minutes later. No lights were on. My parents were out for the night. Liv's car wasn't there. I parked and walked in to my house. It was pitch black, so I turned on the light in my kitchen and walked over to my basement stairs. My room was in the basement. I pulled my iPhone out of my pocket and was about to text her when a hand shot out from around the corner and grabbed my shirt. Then I felt a wet sensation, which turned out to be Liv kissing me with a lot of passion. She broke it off with a smile and said, "Surprise! You were awesome! We loved it."

I smiled and said, "Thanks babe. How'd you get here?"

"Marisa dropped me off. I wanted to surprise my rocker when he got home. Did it work?"

"Hell yes," I picked her up and carried her down the stairs to my room. She laughed the whole way. I put her down on my bed and stepped back and took off my shoes. "I never thanked you for that amazing blowjob backstage."

Liv smiled and said, "Don't thank me. It was Marisa's idea. She has a thing for you, Matt. All the girls did back there. I was getting a lot of jealous looks when I said that the guitarist up there is the guy I'm banging."

"So I'm like really hot? Wow. You're lucky you have this mini Eddie van Halen for your boyfriend." I smirked and dodged a pillow she threw at me.

She laughed. "You don't have any self-confidence issues do you? Come over here and do me. Now." She motioned to a spot on my bed with a smirk. 

Liv didn't need to ask me twice. I stripped off my shirt and went over, already stiff as hell. She licked her lips and got on her knees, still on my bed. We were at eye level now. She grabbed me by my shorts and pulled me down onto my bed, kissing me violently. I ran my hands up her shirt, caressing her perfect stomach and grabbing her boobs. She moaned and put her hands up, letting me take her shirt off. The lip locking resumed, with her fumbling for my shorts zipper, finally getting them off. My cock was so hard it hurt. She grabbed it through my boxers. I groaned and quickly got her out of her shorts. She was wearing a thong and a very revealing lacy bra. I pulled her down on top of me and continued kissing her. I slowly reached around her and unhooked her bra, tossing it to the side. I gave her jugs a squeeze, making her moan into my ear and squirm, really turning me on. Gently, I pushed her off me and stood up, taking my boxers off. Her eyes instantly flew to my cock. It was only average sized, but I didn't care, (As my dad once said, it's not about what you have, it's where you stick it). She also got up and stripped off her thong. We were now both completely naked. I picked her up by her ass and put her on the bed. Her eyes filled with lust as she spread her legs, really wanting it. We didn't need any lube or foreplay, she was already wet. I slid my cock in slowly. I'm pretty sure my eyes rolled back in my head. We weren't virgins, but her snatch felt fucking amazing. Really warm and moist. And very tight. I put a pillow under her waist and grabbed her left leg, raising it up at an almost 90 degree angle, and went to town. It wasn't long before we were both moaning. I dropped her leg and kissed her. Hard. She returned it and flipped us over so she was on top. This was my favorite position. The view was amazing. Liv started moaning louder and her breathing got harder. She was close. I was approaching climax too. On a spur of the moment, I sat up and picked her up. I walked over to the wall and leaned her against it. She wrapped her legs around me and guided me in. I held her up against the wall and continued plowing her. I leaned my head down and latched onto her boobs. This sent her over the edge. She screamed and threw her head back. Her pussy walls contracted around my cock, making me finally cum too. I set her down on the floor. She tried to get up but her legs gave out. I quickly caught her and carried her over to my bed.

Liv moaned softly and closed her eyes. "Thanks for that. That was amazing. I love you. So much." 

I lay down next to her, spooning her. "My pleasure. I love you too." I suddenly groaned from a random aftershock and grabbed her waist. 

She smiled and grinded her perfect ass into me. Then she got up and threw on her clothes before lying down again. I got up and did the same. 

I asked, "I'm gonna go for a walk. You coming?" 

"Of course. Let's go!" she smiled and jumped up, grabbing my hand and leading me out of my room. It was a nice night. Perfect temperature and a full moon. We were gone for about half an hour, walking around my neighborhood, talking and frequently stopping to make out. 

We came back to my house and she asked if I could drive her home. I gladly agreed, and she gave me road head on the way to her house. She lived on the other side of town. The road head was amazing, but she made me swerve and stall the car at a stop sign. Luckily, there weren't any other cars around. I'm a bit of a car junkie, like a lot of teenage boys. I drive a manual 2003 Saab 9-3, a gorgeous ride (almost better than Liv). It looks a lot like a BMW at a glance. I absolutely love this car. Anyway, I turned into her driveway and turned to her to say goodbye. She literally jumped into my lap and started kissing me. I reclined the seat and was soon kissing back. Her parents were home, but she didn't care. She finally had enough and pulled away. She opened the door and got off me. She whispered, "Who says lead singers get all the pussy? I find guitar and bass players sexier. Like you. Goodnight. And in your dreams tonight, don't let me bite." She winked and gave me one last long kiss before walking into her house. 
