 Stephen Rourke paced with anticipation as he waiting in the long hall outside of the dressing rooms. The walls of the old theater were lined with photographs of actors and actresses who had once walked the stage beyond, but they held no interest for the 19 year old. His only thoughts were of the woman whose name was written in gold on the decades old wood. 

His heartbeat raced in anticipation at the thought that he was actually going to get the chance to talk to her. To have a conversation with a living legend.

It had only been a month since the blond haired young man had finally managed to work up the courage to write her a letter. No, that wasn't really true. Stephen had written many letters over the last few months. This was the first time he'd had the nerve to mail one of them.

The film history major had told how he'd discovered one of her old movies on AMC late one night last year and had been totally captivated by her. So much so that he made it a point to find a copy of everyone of her films. No easy feat since aside for a few cameo roles, the most recent of her movies was twenty-five years old. 

His bookcase back home contained six books on her career, including two unauthorized biographies. With his letter, Stephen had also sent a copy of his freshman paper, which of course had been all about her life and times. 

The most Stephen had hoped for when he mailed that letter was a personally autographed photograph. Maybe a little note of thanks for his interest.

Instead, when he'd opened the return letter, two front row tickets to her current Broadway show had fallen out. Along with a handwritten invitation to come backstage and meet her after the show. 

The day after classes ended for the semester, Stephen took what money he had managed to save during the year and boarded a Greyhound bus to New York. It was a sixteen-hour trip from Greenwood Falls, but that was a small price to pay to live out a dream. 

Reaching out to knock on the door, Stephen gulped as it suddenly swung open and a large black woman stepped out. She stood at least two inches shorter than his five foot six but seemed at least twice his hundred and thirty five pounds.

"Can I help you, young man?" She said, her voice carrying a tone of annoyance. 

"I ... I'm here to see Miss Thomas." He managed to stammer out.

"Miss Thomas doesn't see people in her dressing room," the woman said in a cold, hard voice. "If you call her office ..."

"But she invited me..." Stephen quickly offered. "She sent me a ticket to the show and said I should come backstage afterward."

"Yeah, right..." the large, somewhat angry, woman answered as she moved to close the door.

"Is there a problem, Katie?" came a voice from within the room. A voice so familiar that it was like music to Stephen's ears.

"Just some kid looking for an autograph. Even claims you invited him." Katie said laughingly. "I was just getting rid of him."

"Please," Stephen implored as the door began to close in his face. "She really did send me a letter. I sent her a copy of the paper I did on her film career."

"Oh Lord!" the voice that had graced a hundred stages yelled. "I'd forgotten all about it, I did send him a ticket to the show!"

Stephen smiled at her words and gave Katie a 'told you so' look of satisfaction. In return she gave him a cold, hostile stare.

"Please let the young man in." continued the actress.

At that, Katie stopped the door in mid-motion and slowly reopened it. Somewhat reluctantly, she stepped aside to let Stephen enter. As he walked by her, she shook her head in disbelief.

Once inside the dressing room, Stephen took in his surrounding. The room was large, as befitting someone of her status. On the walls were photos of her in many roles, both in film and on the stage. A small kitchenette occupied one corner, and a pullout couch in another. It resembled more a small apartment than a dressing room.

"I'm so sorry for the misunderstanding," came the voice from behind a changing partition. "I totally forgot about sending that invitation."

"Will you be needing anything else, Miss Thomas?" Katie said.

"No, I'm done for the evening, thank you, Katie."

"I've no problem staying around until your visitor is ready to leave." Katie said as she stood her ground by the open door. 

"No, I don't think that'll be necessary, Kate dear," the object of Stephen's admiration called out. "I'm sure Mister ... err... Mister..."

"Rourke." Stephen interjected.

"Thank you," she said. "I'm sure Mister Rourke and I can manage a quiet chat between ourselves quite well. After all, I did invite him."

With that the black woman turned and left, leaving Stephen an even harder stare as she exited.

A rush of excitement filled Stephen as he looked at the many images of the star on the wall. They covered a career spanning more than four decades, all the way back to her first role in 1953 when she was 18. He remembered the movie well, having seen it more than a half dozen times. 

*********************************************************** *

"All right, here I come, ready or not," the voice behind the barrier finally said.

Stephen felt his heart skip a beat as she stepped into view. In his mind he knew that Cynthia Thomas had just passed her sixty-first birthday, but his eyes couldn't believe she was older than her late forties.

Short silver gray hair rested atop a blue silk dressing robe. From what he could see of her body beneath it, it was obvious that she took serious care of it. Her smile, he thought, was infectious - exactly as it had been in the first of her films he had seen. One made so many years before.

"Can I offer you something to drink?" She asked as she stepped into the center of the room and the full light. "Juice, soda, or maybe something a little stronger?"

"Err...soda would be fine." He said.

"Coming right up." Cynthia smiled as she moved to the small wet bar. "You must forgive Katie," she said as she poured a soda for Stephen and a scotch for herself. "I'm not in the habit of receiving visitors after a show, and she does tend to be somewhat protective."

"That's ok," Stephen said as he accepted the drink, hoping she didn't notice the slight tremor in his hand. "I still can't believe you invited me here."

"Well..." Cynthia said as she sat down in a large chair and motioned for Stephen to take a seat on the couch. "It's been a long time since I've gotten a letter like yours - in fact what fan mail I do get these days is usually from "old" men or someone wanting me to endorse something or other. To be honest, I was intrigued by your letter - all twelve pages of it."

"I really didn't mean for it to go on and on like that Miss Thomas," Stephen said, a little embarrassed. "But once I started, it was hard to stop."

"Hold on now..." Cynthia said as she held up her hand, "This "Miss Thomas" stuff ends right here, you make me sound old enough to be your mother. My friends call me Cynthia...and if you really must...Cindy."

Stephen's face beamed at this granting of intimacy. Never mind that Cynthia Thomas was only four years younger than his grandmother, never mind his mother.

"So tell me a little more about yourself Stephen." She said.

Fighting back his nervousness, the college freshman told pretty much the story of his life. It took all of ten minutes. 

"I have to say again how impressed by that paper you wrote about me." Cynthia said. "I thought it was a lot better written than some of the crap some of those Hollywood hacks put out."

"Really?" Stephen said. "You liked it?"

"Yes I did," Cynthia replied. "In fact, reading it got me thinking again about actually writing my autobiography. My agent and a few of the publishing houses have been after me to do it for years. My chance to tell my side of the story so to speak.

"I'd love to read that," Stephen said. "I bet it would be a really interesting book."

"You have no idea how interesting," Cynthia grinned as she took another sip of her drink. "You're looking at one babe who knows where all the bodies were buried." she laughed. "And more important to book sales, who was sleeping in whose bed."

"Really?" Stephen said, trying not to sound too curious.

"Really." Cynthia repeated. "And the real story, not the stuff that finds its way into all the papers."

"Like what?" Stephen asked, unable to totally stifle his curiosity.

"Well ..." Cynthia pondered as she ran her manicured fingers across her lips. "I guess a fan like you deserves a little reward."

Cynthia stood up to her full five foot five height and stepped over to the pictures on the wall. She pointed to the photo that Stephen had been admiring before. 

"I assume you recognize the other woman in the picture." she said.

"Of course," Stephen said as he looked at the late thirtyish blonde in the photograph. "That's Pamela Ryan."

"That's right, Pamela Ryan, the darling of the silver and later television screen." Cynthia went on. "Miss Sugar and Spice of the 1940's."

Although not one of his favorites, Stephen was familiar enough with Pamela Ryan. After a long movie career playing the girl next store, she became everyone's favorite TV mom in the series 'Our Little Family'. It was one of the first big sitcom hits of the 1950's. 

"What would you think if I told you that Pamela Ryan was a prime contender for Queen Dyke of Hollywood back then." Cynthia said.

"No shit!" Stephen said in surprise.

"No shit," Cynthia laughed. "I wasn't on that set a week before she made it known to me that she'd like us to be somewhat closer friends. And it was impossible to miss her meaning as she was stroking my breast though my dress as she suggested it. Pamela always did like them young, and she wasn't the type to take no for an answer."

Stepping away from the photo, Cynthia paused for a few moments to see if Stephen would ask the question that she knew had to be going through his mind. She gave him a lot of credit for not asking it. In fact she was impressed enough to answer it.

"Yes, I eventually did share the comfort of Pamela's sheets." She admitted. "And if I decide to tell the whole tale, you'd find that I had some very distinguished company in that regard." 

****************************************************

For over an hour they sat and talked, as Stephen sipped his soda and Cynthia refilled her drink twice. Cynthia wove a version of her life not found in any book Stephen ever read. Of life in Hollywood over the years and of her loves and adventures as a young and then not so young starlet. Stephen was totally fascinated by all the stories, causing the veteran actress to reveal more and more details of her life.

"You must think I'm terribly wicked." She said as she paused after telling of another big name lover. "Normally I never talk about those days, but there's something about you that just makes me want to open up. I hope you're not too embarrassed?"

"Oh not at all, I could sit and listen to you for hours." Stephen replied.

"Watch what you wish for..." Cynthia said with a grin. "You might just regret that." 

"Never..." Stephen interjected.

"Very well...now where was I...oh yes...it was back in '73..." 

As Cynthia continued with yet another tale of sexual conquest among Hollywood's elite, Stephen became more and more away of her sexuality. Her loose fitting gown had become even looser, giving him ample view of her breasts. He found himself imaging the star of her current tale fondling them. Something he had to admit he'd done himself in countless dreams.

"Maybe I'd better stop..." Cynthia said as she took note of the bulge that had filled Stephen's pants. "It seems that my little narrative is having some effect on you."

"I didn't mean... " Stephen said as his face grew red.

"Dear boy, there so need to get so flush. I consider that the finest compliment I can get at my age."

"You're still as beautiful as when you made O'Brien's Crossing..." Stephen blurted out. "Anyone can see that."

"That's so kind of you to say that, even if it is a lie." Cynthia said. "The eyes of youth...you look at me and see the image on the screen, not the reality of today."

"I still say you're beautiful!"

"You do believe that, my darling Stephen." she replied beaming, "Well you deserve a look at the whole package then..."

With that she stood and pulled on the sash of her robe. With a flourish she dropped in to the floor, revealing her to be nude beneath it. 

Stephen's mouth dropped open, confronted by a set of beautiful 36c breasts that only sagged a little. He had masturbated a thousand times imagining them, now they were only a foot away. 

"I hope your still looking with those eyes of youth." Cynthia said as she struck a pose. "Do you like what you see?"

"You're more beautiful than I could've imagined." came his reply. 

"I love you Stephen...I hardly know you but I love you."

With that she pulled him up from the couch and kissed him. Softly at first, then Stephen felt her tongue slip into his mouth and she pressed against him. Before he realized it, she had slipped her hand down his pants and embraced his hard cock. 

"I really shouldn't be doing this," Cynthia whispered between kisses as she stroked his cock. "But I have always had such a weakness for handsome young men."

Stephen's only reply was a soft moan.

"Do you want me to stop?" she asked.

"Oh no...please don't stop..." he panted. 

A wicked smile crossed Cynthia's lips as she drew his mouth down to her breasts, pushing her nipple inside it.

"Suck me...my pretty boy.." Cynthia purred. "Suck Cindy's tits."

Stephen was only too eager to comply as he drew her nipple inside his mouth and worked his tongue around it. He could feel the pressure in his balls, already he wanted to cum.

Cynthia could also feel the heat in his balls, but her tight experienced grip assured that he wouldn't cum before she was ready. She had plans for all that beautiful boy-juice.

"Mmmmm." Stephen moaned as she replaced one breast in his mouth with the other. 

"Oh yes, baby..thats it...suck those beautiful tits." she said as she pulled open his pants, relieving some on the pressure on his cock. "Get those nipples nice and hard."

For over ten minutes, Stephen devoured Cynthia's breasts, covering them with kisses. His shirt had soon followed his pants to the floor and he was soon as naked as the actress. She continued her hold on his cock, letting it grow just soft enough so that he was no longer in danger of shooting too soon.

"Lean back lover," Cynthia said as she eased him back onto the couch. "Cindy's gonna make you feel real nice."

The older woman dropped to her knees before the young man and took his cock into her mouth. As the wetness of her lips engulfed him, Stephen fell into a pit of desire. With careful strokes of her tongue she brought him again and again to the point of release, then suddenly stopped short of orgasm. It wasn't Stephen's first blowjob, be he'd never had one that felt so good.

Don't stop," he said as he drifted in ecstasy, "Don't ever stop."

"You have such a beautiful cock, my love." Cynthia purred as she ran her tongue up and down his length once again.

It had been quite a few years since she'd sucked a cock this young. Back in the days she was first starting out as an actress, Cynthia had become quite the first class cocksucker. That was in the days when most girls didn't engage in such 'disgusting practices'. For Cynthia and her fellow hopefuls though, it was just part of the stock in trade. A way to help open much-needed doors. She quickly discovered that she really loved it. She wanted Stephen to enjoy all the loving skill she had acquired over the years. 

Cynthia deep throated him again, taking all seven inches into her mouth. He was as hard as he could be, and soon even her practiced hand wouldn't be able to keep him from exploding.

"Have you ever fucked a woman, Stephen?" she asked in a deep sexy voice. "Have you ever filled a woman with this big beautiful cock?"

"Errr...sure, " Stephen murmured, thinking it a crime to compare the few teenage girls he'd been with back home to this woman on her knees before him.

"Well, Cindy's going to teach you something new..." she said as she stood, pulling him to a standing position as she held onto his cock. "Something I'm sure they don't teach back in Greenwood Falls." 

Leading him over to her dressing table, Cynthia popped the lid off a large jar of Vaseline and scooped up a generous portion of it with her fingers. First she smeared it over the head of his cock, then the shaft. That done, she slid a gel covered finger into her anus, then a second, moving them in and out. Satisfied with both the level of lubrication and tightness, she bent over the arm of the couch and spread her legs. A little unsure of what exactly to do, Stephen moved behind her aimed his hard cock at her inviting pussy.

"No, not there..." Cynthia said as she reached back and again took hold of him, guiding him to her smaller tighter hole. "Here..." she said as she eased the head of his cock against her hole.

Pushing forward, his cockhead slid inside her, her ass wrapping itself around the gel covered cock. Stephen couldn't believe the tightness of her ass, or how good it felt around his cock. He slid back a little, drawing it out about an inch, then two...then he gently guided it forward and buried his shaft deep inside her.

"Fuck yes!!" Cynthia yelled as she felt the pain/ pleasure combination rip into her. "Fuck my ass, fill it with that big beautiful cock!"

As her hole relaxed more, Stephen began to develop a rhythm, thrusting harder with each stroke. Cynthia followed the rhythm, pushing her ass back to meet each new thrust, until his now engorged balls slapped against her ass. Her frenzy increased with each new penetration, until she could no longer speak, only utter a grunting noise. 

As one hand balanced her against the couch arm, the other had found it's way to her clit and she rubbed herself incessantly, adding to the torrids raging within her. Feeling Stephen begin to tense behind her, she managed through sheer effort to again find her voice.

"Fuck me..." she panted in gasps. "Fill my ass with that beautiful cum."

A few seconds later, Stephen fulfilled her request as he experienced the most explosive orgasm of his young life. Cynthia's sphincter seemed to tighten around the base of his cock as a fountain of cum rushed into her. Each additional thrust brought more, until he was finally drained completely. Then in exhaustion he collapsed on top of her, his cock still inside her as if, even drained, she was unwilling to get him go. 

It was nearly ten minutes before either of them spoke. Cynthia gently stroked his now limp cock and kissed him gently. She knew that this wouldn't be a one-time thing. First thing in the morning she would have Stephen move in with her. She would find him a job, after all he was good looking enough to be on the stage - she didn't think many actresses would mind having a man opposite them for a change instead of another fairy. And of course she would be happy to share him - that was the nature of show business. She could well afford to be generous. After all - she was Cynthia Thomas - and she had an image to maintain.

END