 I had always had this fantasy about getting a massage. It was so real in my mind that I never did go to any masseuse, just because I was afraid that my fantasy might actually come true. Just thinking about it usually got me hard. My wife and I often talked about our fantasies. But about a month ago, I strained my back and could hardly walk. My wife told me about this great massage place, and so I decided to go and see if it might help my back.

It was in a really nice building in a nice part of town, so I figured that it wasn't some sleazy operation. I hobbled into the waiting room, and made my way up to the receptionist. She greeted me with a beautiful smile and said that they were expecting me. She said that my wife had called ahead and given specific instructions to the masseuse, so all I had to do was relax and enjoy. She escorted me down a hallway and into a nice open room. There was a full window wall that opened out into a really pretty garden area that was enclosed by a high block wall. I had noticed the wall as I drove up to the building, but from outside, you couldn't tell that this garden area was here. There was a small stream and several waterfalls, so it sounded as though you were standing in the wilderness next to a little river. They had really done a great job with the planting, too, and had a good mix of trees, shrubs, and ground covers.

The receptionist pointed to a rack with thick royal blue robes, and another table with big towels. She suggested that I strip down, wrap a towel around me, and a robe, if I wanted. As she left, she smiled again and said that she thought it was pretty cool that my wife had set this up for me. I thanked her and she left. As the door closed, some smooth jazz began to play through some sound system I couldn't see. Since there was no place to sit, I moved over and lay down on the massage table. I must have dozed off, because I was startled by a woman's voice asking me if I were awake. I never heard her come in. She suggested that I continue to keep my eyes closed, and let her work on my back. She told me if my eyes stayed closed, that I would be less distracted, and could relax even more. I thought that sounded fine, so never opened my eyes. She reached up and pulled the robe off of me, leaving me face-down on the table with the towel wrapped around my waist. She began to describe the techniques that she would use on me, and asked me after each one if that were okay with me. I said that it all sounded fine, and so she began. She also suggested that I unwrap the towel, and just allow her to drape it over me, as that would be more conducive to working on me. I had never had a professional massage before, so said that was okay, too, and lifted my hips to allow her to loosen the towel. As I lay back down, she draped the towel over me, and then started to rub my feet. 

I never knew how great it would feel to have someone work on my feet. She rubbed my toes, and squeezed my feet, rubbing, and pushing, and working her hands all around them. There were a couple tender spots, but she loosened the muscles in my feet, and kept working on them. I was totally amazed at how great it felt! And this was just me feet! I regretted never having had a professional massage before. As she worked, she continually reached over the side of the table to pour oil into her hand to work into my skin. I asked her about it, and she said it was her own special oil mix, that combined a warming lubricant with a skin moisturizer. It felt great. 

After a long while on my feet, she began to work on the backs of my legs. She kneaded my calves and the backs of my thighs, and then began to work on my neck and shoulders. I was melting into the table, my body relaxing more with each touch. She gently oiled my back and then moved her way up and down my back. At first it hurt, but as she moved the muscles, the pain decreased, and I actually could feel the knots loosen and the muscles stretch out again to normal. This gal knew her stuff, and my back was feeling much, much better. 

At one point, she was standing at the head of the table, leaning over me, and working on my back. I opened one eye to peek at her, and was surprised to see her bare tummy, with a small diamond piercing in her navel. I opened my other eye, and looked up and under her cropped T-shirt to admire the undersides of two beautiful breasts. There were no tan lines, and her breasts swayed gently with her movements. They were firm and I could see her nipples poking up into the shirt material. I was admiring her and realized that my fantasy was happening! I was getting massaged by a beautiful woman, and I was starting to feel my cock thicken. Uh-oh. This could be embarrassing. As I continued to admire her, she leaned back and caught me looking. She gave me a big smile and asked me if I liked what I was seeing. I apologized, and admitted that I did. She said she liked being admired, and asked me if I wanted to see a bit more. I nodded again, and with that, she peeled the shirt off, giving me a full look at her gorgeous breasts. I guess I must have had my eyes bugging out, because she laughed and said, "Nice tits, yes?" I heartily agreed. And so did my cock. I now had a raging hard-on, and I reached down to pull my dick straight between my legs, to give it some room and keep it from being crushed under me.

She smiled again, told me to relax, and went back to work. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. She had a light sheen of sweat on her from her efforts massaging me, and I could smell her. She was truly a beauty. 

She worked her way to my lower back, once again starting softly, and then slowly increasing the pressure to loosen and work all of those muscles. Then she poured some oil across my backside and began to knead into those muscles. She rubbed her hands across my butt, and my thighs, and continued to pour more oil onto and into my crack. I could feel the warm oil dribbling down my crack and onto my balls. Without a word, she reached between my legs and softly rubbed the oil into my balls. She rubbed gently around the base of my cock, and then back up to my ass. She leaned close to my ear, and asked me if I was okay. I whispered "Yes." Then she gently worked her finger into my asshole, and began to massage me inside. With her other hand, she reached down and began to rub my balls and slowly stroke the length of my cock. I couldn't even breathe, it felt so good. 

She told me to lift up onto my hands and knees, which I did. She told me to spread my legs, and then continued to ream my ass with her finger, and rubbed my balls. I felt my cock grow bigger and harder than ever before. She pulled her finger slowly from my ass, and then poured more oil into her hands. She moved behind me and took my balls into both of her hands, oiling them up really good. My cock just kept getting harder. She worked my balls individually between her magical fingers, and then back and forth between her palms. It was absolutely exquisite. 

I was breathing hard, and I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. She never took her hands from my balls, but leaned close to me, rubbing her breasts against me, and said, "Now. Now is the time for you to cum. Cum for me... NOW!" With that, she started to stroke my cock up and down its length, squeezing the shaft, squeezing the purple head, grasping me tightly as she worked her oily hands up and down. My balls tightened, and I started to cum. She felt my balls tighten, and pumped the cum out of me, all over the table top. I spurted and spurted, as she continued to milk my balls. The more she stroked me, the more I came, until, finally, there was no more. She slowed her pumping on my shaft, and gently caressed me, still running her fingers up and down the softening pole. She gently squeezed my balls one last time, and one last small drop of cum oozed from the tip of my cock. 

She helped me down from the table, leaned close to me, kissed my lips softly, and said, "Your wife loves you very much. She told me she wanted to make your fantasy come true. I hope you enjoyed it." Then she pulled her T-shirt back on, tossed me my towel, gave me one last smile, and walked out the door. It took me a while to get myself back together, but I got showered and dressed, and headed home. 

My wife met me at the door with a big grin, and asked me if I enjoyed my "special treatment". I grabbed her, and we both were naked in a matter of seconds. She made me tell her all about my massage, and as I did, we both got hotter and hotter. When I told her about the oil on my balls, she grabbed me and pulled me down onto her. My cock was hard again, and we fucked like crazy right in the middle of the living room until we both had a rocking climax together. I guess my back was all better after all.