 She was in the bedroom about to start getting undressed to get in the shower when she heard the front door slam shut downstairs. She glanced at the bedside clock, she hadn't expected him for another hour! Dropping her earrings onto the dressing table she called out to him,  "Hi Darling…I'm up here. Just having a shower, I'll be down in a sec!" 

She was walking back towards the bed still unbuttoning her shirt when she heard him mount the stairs rapidly and he walked into the room behind her. She turned and smiled up at him. "You're very early tonight….everything OK?" 

He didn’t answer but she could see from the set of his shoulders and the expression on his face that something was wrong. Without a word he threw his jacket over a chair and took her in his arms, kissing her hard. She tensed slightly, unsure of his mood but as his tongue explored her mouth both his hands dropped to her ass and pulled her up and against him as he squeezed her cheeks hard….she could feel his already erect cock pressing into her abdomen….clearly he wasn’t in the mood to chat! 

She could sense that he was angry, could feel it thrumming through his body and she knew it was partially fuelling this sudden lust but she was happy to allow him to release the tension in whatever way he chose. Once he was calmer he would tell her what was wrong but this was obviously not a night for the teasing and stroking or the gentle build up of pleasure that he usually favoured……not that she was objecting….his casual, distracted handling of her body was really turning her on!

So she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him back, pushing her body into his as she instantly responded to his touch and felt herself get wet. He was still kissing her, his mouth grinding into hers, his tongue pushing in deep as he reached for her breast inside her open shirt. His fingers dragged the cup of her thin black lace bra down and began kneading the soft warm flesh, the thumb rubbing over her hardening nipple. His other hand was working to haul her tight, straight work skirt up around her hips so he could yank her panties aside and thrust two fingers up into her already slick and throbbing pussy. Without giving her time to adjust he pressed his thumb against her clit and finger fucked her roughly as she moaned into his mouth. 

She gasped in surprise at such a direct assault on her sensitive flesh, her body forced up on tip toe by the repeated thrust of his pumping fingers. She was panting and groaning as he held her, his head pulled back so he could watch her face and see how his unexpected and fierce attention had her close to cumming already. She moaned and rubbed herself frantically against his probing fingers and thumb, trying to push herself over the edge, clutching his shoulders and closing her eyes as her legs began to quiver and she could feel the sweet pressure begin to build and cried out, " So good, you feel so good..oh God Darling..l'm so close..!"  

He smiled at her words and she was stunned when he suddenly took his hands off her and stepped away. She groaned in disappointment but watched as he moved away until he felt the bed against his calves and, trying to stop herself from swaying, she focused on the movement of his hands. He was undoing his belt and pulling down his zip and her eyes lingered on the obvious bulge in his boxers as she heard him say, "Get down on your knees!"  

Without hesitation she dropped down in front of him, watching intently as he freed his rock hard cock and began to stroke it close to her face.  He was ridged and swollen, and she licked her lips and the sight of the precum seeping from his cock head. Of their own volition her hands strayed to her soaking pussy, it felt so empty without his fingers and she spread her knees wide and began to finger fuck herself with one hand, her thumb circling her clit as he had done. She was starting to pant as she stared at his thick shaft sliding between his fingers and seeing her lust filled look he wound a hand slowly into her hair and pulled her head closer to touch his swollen tip to her eager lips. She sighed and stretched out her tongue to swirl it softly over his big cockhead, looking up at him as she started to lap up all the precum from his shaft with slow cat like licks. He moaned softly as her tongue returned to his tip and she wriggled into his slit, determined to get every last drop of him she could.  His hand tightened in her hair and she knew what he wanted now. She pulled her head back a little, licking her lips once again before opening wide as he smiled and shoved his cock into her hot, wet, hungry mouth, grunting in pleasure when she closed her lips round him and began to suck happily. 

She was moaning in pleasure as his thick cock, now slippery and glistening from her saliva slipped back and forth between her lips, rubbing her strong tongue against the sensitive underside of his shaft. She bobbed her head taking him as far as she could into her throat on the down stroke and swirling her tongue around his tip on the up. Her fingers were still pistoning into her dripping pussy and the taste of his precum was filling her mouth…making her wetter still.  His head was thrown back, his fingers digging into her scalp as he held her head and felt her move on him.  The wet heat of her mouth, her caressing tongue and her sounds of pleasure were more than enough to bring him to climax and realising she was almost there too he took her head between both hands and started to pump his cock into her willing eager mouth. His hips thrust hard and fast and he soon felt his balls tighten and knew he was about to cum. 

Pulling her head back so that his cock slipped from between her lips he smiled at her howl of disappointment and quickly wrapping his fingers around his pulsing shaft he started to jerk off over her. He could see her hand working in her pussy, her head was tilted up to him, her eyes wide and little whimpers of need escaped from her open, panting mouth.  He saw her start to shake as her orgasm rolled through her and his balls tightened and within seconds he was spraying her pretty lust filled face with a load of steaming viscous cum. It spurted over her cheeks and chin and into her waiting mouth. As soon as she felt him splash onto her skin she stuck her tongue out wanting to taste him, wanting to swallow as much of his hot creamy cum as she could get into her before he was spent. 

Eventually his hand dropped from her head and he fell back heavily on the bed, his arms dropping to his sides as he say there and panted. She sank down on the floor at his feet and tried to catch her breath as her heart pounded, the taste and smell of his cum filling her mouth and covering her skin. He grinned as she looked up at him. "Hello Darling…I'm home…what's for dinner?!"