 She slammed the front door closed and threw Her bag into the nearest chair before uttering a scream of frustration that She had been keeping pent up inside Her chest all day. She followed it up with a litany of curses that She rained down on the heads of Her boss, Her coworkers, and the asshole who cut Her off in traffic on the drive home. Her rage was building up to exploding point when She felt His arms wrap around Her from behind like a drink of cool water on a hot Summer's day.

At His touch, as the scent of His skin filled her, as His whispered "Rough day?" sent a shiver down Her spine, She felt Her rage melt away instantly.

He always had that effect on Her.

She turned in His arms and wrapped Hers around His waist, burying Her face into His chest and muttering "What was your first clue?" as She revelled in the warm smell of Him. Freshly washed clothes, soft skin, a hint of His favorite body scrub, and that elusive and indefinable scent that She had come to identify with His arousal. This was the smell of being home, in His arms.

He smiled down into Her hair as He kissed it. "Oh just a guess, nothing specific really."

The fact that He bent and picked Her up into His arms didn't take Her by surprise. Nor did being carried into the bedroom. This was all a part of their homecoming ritual, a daily affirmation of their desire, kept in check during the long work day. What did take Her by surprise was what He did next.

The next step would have been being tossed onto the bed, having Her clothes torn off, and having Him ravish Her with every ounce of His strength and desire. She never tired of the way that He couldn't resist Her body or get enough of fucking Her senseless. It was a power that secretly thrilled Her.

But today was different. Instead of tossing, He carried Her to the bed and laid Her down gently with a kiss. Slowly lingering on Her lips, as His hands found the buttons on Her shirt and began to undo them. With gentleness that was unlike His usual fierce passion, He undressed Her sensually, fingertips caressing every inch of Her skin. He unbuckled Her belt, snapping open the front of Her jeans, and sliding them down Her smooth legs. Her eyes closed as She moaned with low longing, as the sensual undressing began to build a fire between Her thighs. Every touch was magnified, every sensation adding to the last as He aroused Her. The feeling of His strong hands removing Her socks and massaging Her instep made Her moan His name with deep need.

By the time He had Her gloriously naked, She could feel that She was already glistening with wetness and ready for Him as He took off His own clothes to match Her naked perfection.

He knelt between Her thighs, and She opened Her eyes to gaze upon Him.

She traced every line of His body with Her gaze, until Her eyes fell upon His hard cock, erect and throbbing with suppressed lust, tip glistening with wetness. The air seemed to catch in Her lungs as He lay down between Her thighs, and the head of His cock pressed up against the soaked folds of Her pussy.

But again, He surprised Her. Instead of penetrating Her, She felt His warm lips close around Her sensitive nipple and give a slow, deep suck. Her fingers tangled in His hair as She gasped His name aloud, feeling the tip of His tongue flicker across Her nipple erotically. He teased Her slowly, even as She felt the head of His cock press up against Her pussy, occasionally slipping just a little into Her as He moved above Her.

Finally She couldn't take the erotic torment He was inflicting on Her body any longer. She wrapped Her legs around Him, and pulled His body against Hers, feeling His cock penetrate and fill Her pussy slowly, perfectly, till He was inside Her where He was meant to be. He groaned with longing as She squeezed Her inner muscles around His shaft, a trick that never failed to drive Him wild. He bit His lip as He strained to stay in control, and for a moment She thought that She had driven Him over the edge as His hands grabbed Her wrists and pinned them to the bed above Her head.

She was wrong again. He pinned Her down and kissed Her lips again lovingly, as His cock throbbed inside Her pussy. Then with a gentleness She never knew he could restrain Himself to, He began to make love to Her. His thrusts were slow, His withdrawal almost taking Him out of Her pussy entirely before He would glide back inside again. Every thrust seemed to find that magic spot inside Her that made Her moan wantonly in ecstasy. God He knew Her body so well!

She bit down on His shoulder, needing to release Her carnal need for Him, frustrated by the gentle lovemaking even as She knew that She had never been this aroused by Him. The hands that could bring Her such deviance and painful pleasure were holding her pinned with unyielding gentleness.

He felt Her body rise beneath Him as Her pleasure build to a deep, crashing orgasm that made Her cry out and writhe beneath Him. He didn't let Her come down from the high, but kept thrusting deeply, sensually riding Her to another climax. He made love to Her body, sensually fucking Her till She was begging Him to take His pleasure from Her body as well.

Her whisper in His ear, Her shuddering and orgasmic plea of "Cum for me", took His last ounce of self control from Him.

His hips arched and He drove deep inside Her, shuddering as He erupted with warmth inside Her pussy, hearing Her victory cry of "Oh yes!" as His hands let Hers go free, and She wrapped Her arms around His chest and held Him through His climax.

When His shivers of pleasure stopped, His head rose up from the crook of Her neck, and He kissed Her lips softly.

She looked up at Him and asked the burning question that was on Her mind.

"What was that about?"

His response was another soft kiss, and four words that said more than anything else ever could.

"Because I love you."