 I did something stupid recently. I had sex with the guy my best friend was seeing. Amy's boyfriend Rob came onto me and I was weak. It started with Rob making passes at me. They seemed innocent enough at first. At parties Rob would sometimes rub up against me. Other times when no one was looking he would touch my ass with his hands.

I should have stopped it right then but I didn't. I guess I was envious of Amy. Rob was good looking and tall and he was physically fit. Just the kind of guy I would be attracted to. I did wonder why Rob was paying attention to me. Amy was blonde, petite and cute. I was curvy with big breasts and I had long brown hair.

One Saturday Amy and I were to go shopping. I went to her apartment to pick her up, but Rob opened the door. He said Amy's mother called and wanted her to come over that morning. Amy left a message that she would only be gone an hour or so. I knew Amy's mother, she never did anything in an hour's time. Two hours was more like it. I decided to stick around either way.

Rob asked if I wanted something to drink. I said yes and Rob poured us two glasses of tea. We both sat down on Amy's leather couch. Rob then hit me with the question.

"Why don't you have a boyfriend, Heather?"

Rob totally caught me by surprise.

"I guess no one is interested in me," I told Rob.

"That's not true, I am interested."

"But you are seeing Amy now," I replied back.

Rob said that Amy and him were going though a rough patch at the moment. With that, Rob put his hand on my thigh. I tried to pull back, but Rob moved closer to me and he kissed me on the mouth. I know I should have got up and left, but I couldn't make myself do it. I opened my mouth to Rob and we tongue kissed. Rob got bolder and he placed a hand on one of my tits.

I could feel my nipples getting harder as Rob massaged each one outside my top. I guess I should have saw it coming. Rob got his hands up under my top and pulled it  up over my head. He then unsnapped my bra and my breasts fell free. You should have seen Rob's eyes get big. Rob stood up and undressed right in front of me. When he dropped his pants and underwear I saw his cock for the first time.

No wonder Amy wanted to be with Rob. His semi-hard cock must have been close to eight inches in length. I could feel my pussy getting damp as I sat there on the couch. Rob came over and he worked my jeans off of me. He looked down and saw my panties were all soaked with juices. He smiled and removed my panties as well. 

I had to have him now. I couldn't control my urges. Rob pulled my legs apart and moved me onto my back. He slid in between my thighs and then took hold on his erection. He slowly moved his cock into place and then he entered me. It nearly took the air out of my lungs. Rob's cock stretched me like no man before or since. I was sopping wet and Rob was able to slide down to the bottom.

He held his cock in place for the longest time. I think he was getting me worked up.

"I know you wanted me Heather, don't deny it."

I would have told Rob anything at that moment. Rob held my ankles up and pushed my legs towards my chest. He then started to push that giant prick into my body as far as he could. I think I might have screamed at that moment. I was being stretched by the biggest cock I had ever seen. I could have cared less if Amy walked in and saw us fucking. I never wanted Rob to pull out of me.

Rob gave me the full length of his prick. I felt him pull almost out and then hold his mushroom at my opening. He looked at my face and then slid all the way into my pussy. He kept doing that until I thought I was going to pass out. His pubic mound was hitting mine each time he entered me. I couldn't tell you how long we did it there on the couch, but Rob said he was getting close to cumming.

I know I should have told him to pull out, but I couldn't bear the thought of his cock not being in me. I held on as Rob arched his back and unloaded inside my pussy. I think we both were making animal noises as I felt Rob's sticky load shoot deep in my belly. I clamped down hard on that big cock of his and milked every drop out of his body.

Rob might have been empty, but he kept sliding his dick into me until I had this giant orgasm. My body shook as Rob controlled me with his cock. When we finally calmed down, Rob pulled out of me and I felt his seed dripping down my ass. I was totally wiped out by all that fucking we did. I somehow made it to the bathroom and let Rob's cum drip into the toilet.

We cleaned up the couch wiping up all our love juices and I decided I had better leave now. Rob and I exchanged phone numbers and I weakly got into my car and drove back to my apartment. Once I got home I collapsed on the bed. I had done something really stupid. I never let a guy fuck me without a rubber on. I had a load of Rob's cum deep in my stomach. I knew it was too late, but I was going to get on the pill as soon as I could. Just in case this happened again with Rob.

That whole evening my pussy ached. I was so raw from that fucking, but I wanted Rob again. I needed him buried inside me. I didn't have long to wait. Early that Saturday evening Rob called me. He wanted to come over and see me. He said it was urgent. I told him to come over. Sure enough he wanted to fuck me again.

We went right to my bed and Rob took me like I was his whore. I ended up mounting Rob's throbbing prick and I rode his cock for well over an hour. Rob got to reach up and squeeze my hard nipples. He pumped his cock into me as I slammed down hard on his rod. I have to say that Rob was all man. I didn't think he could do it, but he shot another load of his cream into my body.

After we finished I thought Rob would spend the night, but he said he had to get back to Amy. I couldn't believe he was going back to her bed and fuck her after he just had me. I was soon to learn that Rob was planning on fucking both of us as much as he could. All that talk of breaking up with Amy soon vanished. One evening after Rob gave me his cock he told me he had to go.

I asked him if he was going to Amy's to fuck her. He didn't reply, he just got dressed. 

"You are never going to leave her, are you Rob?"

"It would hurt her too much if I did that," Rob replied back.

"Why should you break up with her when you can be fucking the two of us," I yelled at him. "If you don't tell her it is over, don't bother contacting me again. We are done."

Rob gave me this evil stare and he walked out of my apartment. It has been almost three weeks and I haven't heard a word from Rob. I guess it is officially over between us. I even got desperate and picked up a guy one night at a club. We ended up fucking, but this guy was no Rob in the cock department. I still want Rob, but I just couldn't share him with my best friend.