 Ethan groaned at the feel of Kat tightening her inner muscles around him, squeezing him tight. Damn, nothing had ever felt this good. He just loved the feel of sinking his cock into her deep and pounding her pussy for all he was worth. 

And looking down between them and actually seeing the thickness of his cock sliding in and out of her, slickly shimmering in the sunlight with her juices, had him almost coming on the spot. Fuck, what a sight. 

One of the things on Kat's kinky little bucket list was having sex in a public place. And Ethan, being Ethan, was happy to fuck her anywhere he could and anyway she wanted it. So, on this warm windswept day, they were alone up on a lookout tower in the middle of the countryside, a few hour's drive north of the city, admiring the riot of colorful autumn foliage for as far as the eye could see. While he had her bent over the railing with her little plaid skirt hiked up over the lushness of her pale ass with his cock slamming into her tight little pussy in an a nice steady rhythm from behind. And he was in heaven. 

Kat moaned. "Oh, fuck, that feels sooo good, Ethan. I just love how you feel inside me, filling me up. I don't think I can ever get enough of you." 

God, he loved it too, almost as much as he loved her. Bending over her back, he pressed a kiss to the back of her head, making sure to turn his head every now and again, just to be sure that they were still alone. Although she wanted to get it on in the great outdoors, having someone find them fucking the hell out of each other like this, would probably make her uncomfortable to say the least, especially with her uber strict upbringing. But seeing as it was just them up here amongst the clouds, he hiked up her sweater too, pushed up her bra, freeing her nice big girls and began to tug on her swollen nipples, while filling his hands with her breasts and squeezing. And the way she was going into a full-body shudder and really beginning to squeal, he knew it wouldn't take long and she'd be coming all over his cock. And just the thought of it had his balls starting to tingle, and his legs beginning to shake like mad. 

Throwing back his head he let out a growl. Good god, he loved fucking his woman - like nothing else it the world. 

Kat was made for him, he could just feel it. Not only did she fit him like a glove, but they were both into kink and thankfully she was every bit as insatiable as he was. He could take her like this ten times a day and by the time he was done, she'd still grin at him and reach for his cock. She was an absolute dream come true for a guy like him, who enjoyed a healthy sex life. 

He'd already eaten her out in the front seat of the car he'd rented for the day. And he knew from the way she squealed that she'd loved every second of it. Legs spread open wide over the seat with her hot little cunt shimmering in the warm afternoon sunlight. He knew he'd never seen anything more beautiful or more erotic than the sight of her pussy, pink slips swollen with arousal, with that alluring little tuft of red curls on top just begging to be plundered by his mouth. And the desperate way he'd eaten into her and fucked her with his tongue had her almost tearing up the seats. And when he worked two fingers inside her, giving her a nice little finger fuck and really started suckling on her clit, she'd shivered from head to toe and began screaming out his name like a madwoman as she filled his mouth with her juices as she came in a rush all over his tongue. 

Every last inch of her was like paradise for him. He could feast on her gorgeous breasts alone for hours on end, loving how her nipples would go from pink to beautifully engorged red as he suckled them, moaning at how they'd swell in his mouth and how amazing they felt pebbling on his tongue. And when he tugged and twisted on them like now, he knew she could feel it like a jolt to her pussy, only making her come that much harder. And he was close now, too, so fucking close. Slamming his eyes shut, he knew he just needed a little more time pumping inside her and he'd come so insanely hard that he'd fill her up to overflowing. 

Suddenly he felt Kat tense and her body still as she looked over the railing and muttered, "Oh, god, Ethan, I can see people down there and I think they're on their way up." 

Undeterred, he chuckled and picked up his pace, really giving it to her, slamming into her mercilessly hard. "Then I guess we'd better get this done." Reaching around, he worked her clit with his finger while he filled her up over and over again, plowing his cock into her wickedly deep. Until finally they were both groaning out loud, her warm juices splashing over his balls while his cock pulsed hard, unloading wave after wave of hot thick cum deep into her pussy. 

Gratefully kissing the back of her head one last time, he quickly pulled down her sweater, dropped her skirt back over her ass and wrestled his cock back into his pants and zipped up. And just in time, too. Suddenly they heard voices and two other couples came around the corner from the top of the staircase, saw them and one woman, said, "Oh, hi. We didn't know anyone else was up here." 

Ethan hugged a blushing Kat to this side and told them, "Oh, it's great up here, and I think you'll get off on the view as much as we did. I've never experienced anything quite like it." 

The other couples nodded and looked around admiring it then, too, completely unaware of what they'd almost stumbled upon. 

Meanwhile, hand in hand, he and Kat laughed all the way back down the long winding staircase. Knowing they'd almost gotten caught only made what they'd done that much hotter, and so much more illicit - which of course he knew was a big turn-on for her. 

Once they got to the car, Ethan helped her inside, but before he turned the key in the ignition, Kat reached for him, cupped his face in her hands, softly moaned and sunk her tongue between his lips. And holy shit, the way she was making love to his mouth was already getting him hard. Tugging her into his arms, they kissed for what felt like forever, and then no big surprise, she slid into his lap and began to grind her bare pussy against his erection, right through his jeans. Insatiable didn't even begin to describe her. He swore he could fuck her non-stop for a week and she'd still want more. What could he say? The woman just loved his cock. 

Somehow without tearing his lips from hers he managed to snake a hand between them, work his fly down, and get his jeans and boxers far enough down to free his aching cock. And then he was groaning, as she sank her sweet little cunt down over his rod and began to ride him, while making hot sweet love to his mouth. Damn, he'd better wind up with her after all this, or he'd be going into withdrawal if she ever left him. 

Ethan was glad now that he'd splurged on an SUV with plenty of head room, considering the way she was happily moaning and bouncing up and down on his dick like it was her own personal pogo stick. His balls tingled like they were on fire as she kissed him almost mindless and fucked his cock to within an inch of its life. 

Damn, he loved his life with her. It was like sex times a million every time they got together. No woman he'd ever been with had ever rocked his world like this. And he knew he had to do all he could to make her his or he'd lose his mind. He loved everything about her. Her looks, her charm, her sweet naiveté, and especially the way she loved to fuck. 

By the time they both came again, they were both panting and out of breath, and he was a sticky mess, but couldn't have cared less, not when it was that good. 

On a whim, they decided to play hooky and checked into a little inn he'd noticed on the side of the road. It was old and quaint and romantic, and just what he wanted for a night away with his sexy little Kat. 

After they'd cleaned up - sharing a shower and going at it yet again - dinner in the dining room was amazing. They shared a fresh delectable Caesar salad that was prepared for them at their table. Then they feasted on the tenderest chateaubriand for two they'd ever tasted, washing it all down with a fantastic bottle of French red. 

Once they were done sharing a few chocolate covered strawberries for dessert, Kat patted her tummy, blew out a breath and told him, "I don't think I've ever felt so full." 

Ethan grinned cocking an eyebrow. "Not even up on the tower this afternoon?" 

Kat laughed and reached across the table for his hand. "Oh, god, Ethan, that was so amazing. I don't think I've ever felt more alive than being up there like that with you. And feeling you filling me up like that with the wind in my hair and everywhere I looked just bursting with color. But when those people came up and almost caught us, I swear I almost died. God, that was close, but still so exciting." 

Smiling at her across the table, no getting around it, she had him completely bewitched. The most beautiful woman he'd ever seen, big blue eyes flashing with excitement, lush full lips smiling and laughing, long red hair that framed her face so perfectly. He wanted this forever, wanted her forever. And he made up his mind that he was going to have her - and nothing was going to stop him. Not her father, or that old fart William, that her dad wanted her to marry, or her church - not even his mother. 

After dinner, they climbed the stairs together hand in hand to their tidy Wedgewood inspired blue and white room. And once he locked the door behind them, Ethan took his time and slowly peeled every last strip of clothing off his lady. And then he trailed a path over her flesh, kissing and licking at her breasts, her ribs, her tummy and finally her pussy till her head fell back on a moan. Her wobbly legs barely able to support her, down on his knees, clutching her ass in his hand, he spread her thighs open wide and lashed his tongue deep into her pussy and made love to her with his mouth until she came so hard she nearly collapsed. 

Once she'd finally stopped trembling, carefully lifting her into his arms, he carried her to the bed and gently set her down in the centre, overwhelmed by how stunning she looked. Her body bathed only by the pale light of the moon, it was like every inch of her was glowing. His gaze never leaving hers, he unbuttoned his shirt and tugged it off, then unzipped his fly and shed his jeans. And when he pushed down his boxers, he smiled at the way her eyes flared and she began to lick at her lips just from the sight of his fully erect cock. She was just such a sexual being that he knew they were meant to be. 

Smiling into his eyes, she reached out her arms, and murmured, "I want you, Ethan." 

Though he was dying to take her and slide into her deep, he didn't crawl into bed with her just yet. Instead, he stood and stroked his cock in his hand, knowing how hot it got her whenever she watched him fisting his cock, and he asked her, "But for how long, Kat?" 

Biting into her lip, she told him the truth. "I'm not sure. But I really am enjoying this time with you. And I wish it never had to end." 

Ethan let go of his cock, got on the bed and kneeled over her. "Then why can't you realize that it doesn't have to? We're both consenting adults, Kat. You want me, and you've got to know by now that I want you more than my next breath. So, why would this ever have to end?" 

Running a fingernail around his lips she told him, "Because my father told me that William's picked out a ring and he's about to ask me to marry him." 

He actually thought his head would actually explode the moment she said that. And the first thing that came out of his mouth was, "Are you fucking with me? Are you trying to tell me that you'd actually consider spending the rest of your life tied down to that old fart, when you could have me? And I know you care for me, Kat. All I have to do is kiss you and you're mine. And when I'm buried inside you, it's like we become one. You have to be able to feel it. So, don't try and tell me you don't want me, and that it's him you want to marry, because I won't believe it." 

Blinking back tears, she whispered, "But he's told me that eventually love could grow between us, and he's promised to treat me well. And he wants to call me his wife, Ethan, and not just screw around with me." 

Ethan sat back on his heels, not even sure if he'd heard her right. "Love can grow? Fuck. I already I love you more than the air I breathe, haven't you figured that out by now? You've become my whole world, Kat. And I just can't let you go. You can't marry him. You just can't. And you've got to know what we've got going on, is way more than just fucking around." 

Looking confused, she said, "But how could I have known when you've never told me how you felt?" 

He held up his hands. "Okay, you're right. It's just that I've never once uttered those three little words to anyone before. And I sure as hell didn't plan on telling you like this. When I finally told you, I wanted it to be romantic, and special, so you'd never forget." 

Still looking confused, she muttered, "Well I doubt I'll ever forget this." 

He reached out and ran his hands over her breasts, smiling at the way she inhaled, just from his touch. "I want you, Kat. You're mine," he told her. He tugged at her nipple, knowing that she'd shift her hips. "And you think old William would know what you need in bed?" Slipping his hand between her thighs, grinning at how wet she was, he pushed a finger inside her and told her, "Every inch of you is mine. This pussy is mine. And no one else is ever going to touch it but me. And we both know how much you love my cock, and wouldn't you miss this with me, if it all had to stop? Wouldn't you miss the way I make you scream as you come? And what if William can't even get it up? What would you do then? Call and beg me to fuck around with you again?" 

"Oh, god, Ethan, you make me crazy," she panted, hips anxiously shifting up to meet his hand, and he could both hear and smell how aroused he was getting her, as he worked his fingers in and out of her. Moaning, she murmured, "All I know is that I love how you make me feel. And I really will miss you when it's over. But you have to understand that I've been promised to him. And William wants to make me his wife, and not just the woman he sleeps with." 

Ethan let go of her, threw back his head and groaned. Oh damn, this was not how he wanted to do this, but he knew he had no choice. 

"Okay. Just so you know this is not how I wanted this to happen. I wanted it to be perfect and romantic with our clothes on when I asked you. And I haven't even got a ring for you. But I can sure as hell get down on one knee." 

And when he kneeled down on the floor beside the bed, Kat looked over the side at him and asked him, "Ethan, what are you doing?" 

"I'm asking you to marry me, Kat. I love you more than I've ever dreamed of loving anyone. And I want you in my life forever. Will you marry me?" 

Her mouth fell open as she stared down at him, and she stammered, "But once our parents get married, we'll be siblings, so how could we ever marry? And besides, my father would never agree, since he promised me to William when I was still in my teens. I just can't back out now." 

Never in a million years did he ever expect his proposal to go down in flames like this. He imagined she'd be all teary eyed and whispering, "Yes, I'd love to marry you, Ethan. And I love you, too." And not giving him a laundry list of why it could never happen. 

Finally, he got off his knees and got back on the bed, took her by the chin and said, "Okay, just tell me one thing, Kat. Do you love me?" 

She tried to avert his gaze, but he wouldn't let her, holding onto her chin. Finally she murmured, "Umm, that's not an easy question to answer." 

"No. It's real simple, Kat. If you love me even half as much as I love you, then I'll do whatever it takes to make you mine. But if you don't feel anything for me, then I guess I'll just have to walk away and let you go." 

Turning and looking at him, she asked, "But, how could we ever really be together, if our parents would never acknowledge us as a couple?" 

Though she still hadn't answered his question, at least she was beginning to think along the same lines that he was - which gave him hope. "All we have to do is go to Vegas, get married and then tell them we're man and wife. And there's not much they can do about it, once we've gone and tied the knot." 

She closed her eyes and murmured, "I don't know. I just don't want to be shunned. My church has been part of me for my whole life. I've grown up there, from the time I was baptised, and I can't just leave it all behind. And if I were to refuse to marry William and sneak off and marry you against my father's wishes, I'd never be able to show my face in there again. And I'm sure my father would never speak again to me if I were ever to shame him like that." 

"Okay, I get that you've always been the obedient daughter, and that you're tight with your church. But are you really willing to sacrifice your future happiness, just to toe the line, like you've always been taught to do? You're a grown woman, Kat, and it's time you made your own decisions. Besides, you think your father would be happy to know that while you're agreeing to accept William's proposal that you've also been like this with me. Just think about today up on that tower, how you felt. You told me you'd never felt more alive. Are you really willing to give this all up just to do as you've always been told? I just can't believe it. It's not who you are." 

When she didn't answer, Ethen heaved a sigh, figuring she'd made up her mind. Reaching down he started to tug on his boxers, and then he found his socks and started pulling those on, too. And when she noticed him getting dressed, Kate asked him, "What are you doing?" 

"I think you need time to think, away from me. And if you decide its William you want, then I won't stand in your way." Then he turned and looked into her eyes and said, "But just know - you'll be giving up a life that I know you'd love, with a man who already loves you more than you could ever imagine, just to go through with what your father wants for you, with some old geezer who could never really make you happy." 

She put her hand on her back. "Ethan, please come back to bed and let's try and talk this out." 

"No, I'm sorry, Kat, I can't. I've told you how I feel, and if you don't feel the same way about me, then maybe you should marry him. But I'm willing to bet, even if you don't wind up with me, that you'll regret it for the rest of your life, especially if you decide to saddle yourself with him. You don't belong with a guy like him anymore than I do. And maybe you don't want me, I don't know. But he's sure as hell not right for you, and I think you know it, too." 

Kat squeezed her eyes shut, but tears still trickled down her cheeks. "But I don't want you to go." 

Though he hated to see her cry, and wanted more than anything to just pull her into his arms and tell her that everything would be okay, he knew he couldn't, because he didn't think it would be anymore. So he murmured, "Come on, get dressed and I'll take you home." 

Finally she nodded and got off the bed and searched the floor for her clothes, while he stood and watched her getting dressed, sniffling and wiping at her eyes. 

God, he couldn't believe that it might be over. Though he loved her right down to his bones, obviously it wasn't enough. 

Aside from the music playing on the radio, the drive home was pretty quiet. Kat would sniffle once in a while and he'd just shake his head, wondering what he could have done differently. But with her rigid upbringing, despite how she'd let herself go with him, when it came to marrying the man her father had picked for her, he had a feeling she'd never change her mind. And she'd just do as she was told, like she'd done her whole life. 
