 Bad News, part two

The Car





After Fred and Percy said good night and went on their way. Vicki and I were left standing there not knowing what to say to each other. I opened the car door for her and helped her in. Then I went around and climbed in on the driver's side and started the engine.

As I looked over at her I asked," Where to?" Vicki looked back at me uneasily as she gave me the name and address of the hotel she was staying in.

Then she suddenly stammered, as if trying to explain herself, "My, my brother and I are attorneys and were here working for a client. But I'm divorced and I feel like a failure, because of it. 

My brother told me he was a gigolo and he was only marrying me for my money. But I though I could change him. I knew he was going to cheat on me. But when I caught him having sex with the house keeper, in our bed! 

Well that was the last straw that's when I finally decided to divorce him, and I did. But it still hurt."

She paused briefly like she was thinking, then she went on to say," My brother told me I need to get over my ex."

Vicki, sighed as she admitted," My brother also told me I need to go and have some fun, and get laid!"

She sucked in her breath deeply. As she exhaled she said with a slight quiver in her voice," I've always had this fantasy about having sex with a big macho man that would use me like some common slut! But I never had the nerve to do it! So that's why I'm dressed like this. 

My brother and Percy agreed to come to Randy's with me to give me some moral support while I searched for my fantasy lover. As soon as you walked in, I knew you were the one. Because my hands started to shake, my heart began to flutter and I could feel my pussy beginning to get wet, that's why I came on to you the way I did."

I was completely dumbfounded by her sudden change of character, and her unexpected self-disclosures'. I didn't know what to say to her! So I pulled over and shut off the engine. As I turned sideways in my seat facing her I blurted out," I'm divorced too and I feel like a freaking failure. Because I couldn't make my marriage work."

Then I lied and said," I don't usually try to pick up whorish looking women in bars."

I though for a moment then I admitted honestly," I started getting a boner the instant I saw you."

Well I guess confession is good for the soul and honesty really is the best policy.

Because after I told her that, Vicki took off her seat belt and crawled on the center console facing me. She put her hands on my shoulders and asked timidly, "Would you hold me?"

As I put my arms around her; she kissed my cheek and rested her head on my shoulder. Then she began weeping as she pleaded softly," Please, don't think badly of me."

I'm not a macho man or tough guy. I'm really a big soft hearted slob that hates to see anyone hurting. So when she started to cry; I tried to kiss away her salty tears and began rubbing her back to comfort her. 

But despite my good intentions, as I held her warm trembling body in my arms, my cock started getting bigger and harder by the second. The next thing I knew she was kissing my cheek. The feel of her warm sobbing breath gently blowing in my ear, was giving me goose bumps and sending erotic chills up and down my spine.

Vicki's breathing was getting heavier and she had shivers going up and down her spine as she cried. Her tender sweet warm wet kisses were getting closer and closer to my lips, and my cock was getting harder and harder as my good intentions went flying out the window.

I brushed my lips across hers as I raked my fingertips up and down her spine, causing her to shudder. When our parted lips gently brushed against each others and finally met.

She darted her tongue into my mouth and I nipped it holding it place with my teeth, while I flicked the tip of mine back and forth across hers, then I began swirling my tongue around hers as she swirled hers back around mine.

My body felt like it was on fire, my pulse was racing, my heart was pounding and my cock was throbbing. As our tongues intertwined and played in each others mouths. I could feel her hips slowly beginning to rock back and forth.

I didn't want to take advantage of her. But she felt so good in my arms with her firm little breasts pressed tightly against my chest. I couldn't help myself and slipped my hand under the back of her red skimpy halter top and moved it over her ribcage, until I had my hand covering her spongy little tittie. As soon as I had my hand on her breast I began caressing it. 

When she felt me squeezing her tit, she shuttered and jerked as a jolt of pure erotic pleasure surged through her slender trembling body.

While I was massaging her breast, I pressed down on the tip of her nipple with the end of thumb and rubbed it back and forth causing it to stiffen, sending ripples of pleasure up and down her spine. 

As Vicki, felt her nipple becoming erect she sucked in her breath and muttered between out lips, "Oh God, that feels so fucking good."

Then Vicki pulled her mouth off mine and whispered between our lips as she exhaled, "Danny, I don't know what's wrong with me. Maybe I really am a whore! But I want you so fucking bad, I can't stand it. 

But please not here, not like this, not like I'm just some common street corner hooker, turning a trick in the front seat of a car, with some unknown John."

She was just sitting there staring into my eyes, as a strange look slowly crept across her face, like she was thinking. Then started, grinning devilishly as she asked in a deep slutty sounding voice," Is there anyone around here?"

"No," I said, and then I added, "There's never anyone around here."

"Good, "She replied. Then she mashed her lips roughly against mine and forced her tongue deep into my mouth, like she was trying to rape it. Then she began moving her head around in small tight circles against my lips, as she searched for my tongue with hers.

While we were kissing deeply and feverishly I could feel her instinctively pumping her hips back and forth like she was fucking. She suddenly pulled her lips off mine and said, "Danny; tell what you're going to do to me. When we get to my hotel room?"

It took me a couple of seconds to catch on to what she wanted, and then I said, "First we're going to strip each other. Then we're gonna take a long hot shower together. After that I'm gonna lick and suck on every inch of your perfect body, making you tingle with desire." 

I guess my words were exciting her because she started going wild, wilder than she was in the parking lot. She was moving her head around brushing her lips against mine, and gasping for breath as she stammered passionately between our lips, "What, what else are you gonna do to me?"

"I'm gonna tease and torture you with my mouth until you beg me to please you, with my tongue." I answered in my deep husky lust filled voice.

I was having fun, knowing that I was turning her on with my words, so I replied trying to sound as macho and manly as I possibly could, "Yeah, Cunt, I'm gonna make you cum like you've never came before. 

But I'm not gonna to stop licking you after you get off. I'm gonna keep eating your cunt and fucking you with the tip of my tongue, like it was a tiny penis until you clamp your legs around my head trying to stop me.

I could feel her trembling and hear her gasping for breath as she asked, "Oh God Danny, are you really going to lick my pussy and stick your tongue in it?" 

Then she placed her hand over mine on her tit and held it there tightly as she brushed her lips across mine and whispered into my mouth, "Pinch my nipple, but not too hard, just hard enough to make it hurt a little."

As I pinched pulled and twisted her nipple she groaned loudly, "Danny, are you really sure, there's no one around here?"

Before I could answer her, she asked, "Does your seat go back?" Instead of answering her I slid my hand between the side of the seat and the car door and lifted the little lever causing my seat to flop backwards. 

As my seat was falling backwards she groaned, "Oh Good God Danny, I can't wait. I need to feel you inside me, now!" Then she reached down and unbuckled my pants. While she was still pulling down my zipper she demanded, "Lift up your fucking hips." 

I did as she commanded. As I lifted my hips up off the seat, she slipped her fingers under the waist bands of my jeans and under shorts and yanked them halfway down my thighs for the second time that night, causing my hard swollen cock to spring straight up.

She was already pulling the crotch of her panties to side, as she climbed over and straddled me.

Vicki, had the wild look of lust in he eyes with a sex crazed expression on her face as she said, "Oh, Good God Danny, you gotta believe me; I never did anything like this before. But I want you so freaking bad, I just can't stand it any longer."

"Okay," was all I could manage to say?

As I gave her my one word answer, she grabbed my dick and rubbed it against her pussy until the swollen head of my manhood slipped between the moist inner lips of womanhood and was nudged firmly against the snug opening of her vagina.

I was losing it and said," When we get to your hotel, I'm gonna suck and nibble on your nipples, while I finger fuck you, making you beg me to stick my dick in you."

I paused for a moment to catch my breath then I said lasciviously," I'm gonna shove my prick in you, and fuck you, like you've never been fucked before, Bitch"

"Oh God, Danny, you're driving me crazy. Nobody's ever talked to me like this before."

While she was saying that she was pressing herself down on the head of my dick, forcing it into the snug moist warm opening of her love canal. As she felt my manhood entering her, she groaned, "Ooh Danny, it feels so good."

I teased," Tell me what feels so good."

She gasped as she replied, "Your dick."

I teased her some more and asked, "where's my dick?"

"It's in my cunt." she groaned,

Vicki's head was tilted back, and she was breathing heavily through her partially opened mouth, as slowly pushed herself further down on my manhood, filling herself up with my dick.

Then she sighed passionately, "Oh, God Danny, your dick feels, so fucking good in me."

Then she demanded in her slutty passion filled voice," Keep telling me what you're going to do to me." As she pleaded with me she was slowly lifting and lowering herself up and down on my dong. 

My cock felt so fucking good inside her snug warm wet hole. I could hardly breathe or speak. My voice was so strained and trembling that I was starting to stutter and stammer myself as I told her," I'm gonna, gonna lay you across the bed with, with your head hanging over the edge, and fuck your face until I shoot my jizz down your throat; just like they do in the porn videos."

She was gasping sputtering and stammering breathlessly repeating her words as she pleaded, "Oh God Danny, you're so fucking perverted, but keep telling me all those filthy things you're going to do to me," 

I tried to sound manly as I replied, but I had such a quiver in my voice, that all I could do was sputter, "After, after that, I'm going to fuck you in the ass."

She gasped, "Oh God No Danny, you're so big, it will hurt." She paused, then she said softly with a scared quiver in her voice," Oh okay, you can do it, but you have to promise to be gentle with me. "

Before I could say anything else, she leaned over putting her head on my chest and wrapped her arms around my neck. Then she began frantically pumping herself up and down on my dick, like a wild woman. 

My cock felt so good inside her tight warm wet cunt. I just couldn't control myself, any longer. So I put my hands on her waist and pulled her further down on my stiff dick, as I lifted my hips driving myself deeper into the depths of her cunt. 

As I held her down, I closed my eyes and gave her those last few short hard strokes. Then I began erupting deep inside her, splattering my sperm against her cervix. As she felt me squirting my warm creamy jizz inside in her, Vicki's gasped," Aah, oh fuck," I'm gonna, I'm gonna come," then her pussy muscles suddenly contracted tightly around my sperm spurting pecker, as she went over the edge and came in yet another violent body shaking orgasm.

After the waves of her intense orgasm finally finished passing through her quivering body, Vicki went limp for a few minutes. Then she stated, "Danny that was absolutely incredible. But I want more, I need more. So pull up your pants and let's go the hotel."

As she lifted herself off my cock, I watched a trickled of our combined juices leak out of her and drip on my groin. 

I was grinning nastily at her as I said, "Wait a minute, not so freaking fast."

"What's the matter? What's wrong?" She asked nervously,

I answered playfully, "First you gotta clean up this mess." Then I pointed at my cock and balls as I lapped my upper lip.

"Oh okay," was all she said? Then she leaned over and greedily licked up the gooey mess, after she was through Vicki, sucked the last few remaining drop of semen out of my haft hard cock.

When she was finished she looked into my eyes and said, "Danny, promise me, you won't hurt me."

I kissed her on the forehead then on the lips as I said," I promise you. I won't hurt you." Then we went to her hotel room and we continued our sexual romp.

We tried to have a relationship. But all we had in common was sex. As good as the sex was. It just wasn't good enough. So we ended up going our own ways.

The End