 Emma rolled off of Jackson they were totally drenched in sweat, usually this would have been a nuisance, but this was the most marvelous feeling she had ever had in all 40 years of her life. Her pussy was throbbing and swollen, she was quite sure if Jackson was to reach over and touch it the combination of pain and pleasure would drive her mad. Yet she had never wanted sex again more in her entire life, she now understood how someone could become addicted to sex. "Oh my god maybe I have crossed that line what if that is all I want to do from now on"  she thought. She rolled over and looked at Jackson lying next to her, his member still semi erect red and wet. She could not resist, she slid down and took it into her mouth, very gently she began to roll her tongue around the throbbing shaft, Jackson moaned and she could feel his cock harden. She started to move her mouth up and down her cunt getting hotter and hotter and just as she was thinking she would mount again him he howled and exploded in her mouth.  Oh dear this was another first and at first she was afraid she would gag but then she realized she actually like the feel and taste in her mouth. Shit she was sure she was done for.

Emma had been a good girl all her life married her college sweetheart at 20 and he was the only man she had ever been with sexually. They had started dating at 18 and she was a virgin. She was crazy about Adam and it only took him six months to get her to let him finger fuck her and two months later they sealed the deal. While she like the attention she was getting from Adam the actual sex was less than exciting. She had never even seen another penis so she thought he was huge and it hurt when he fucked her so he must be hung. She felt guilt about the sex thing and when she went to get the pill at the college clinic she hid them from her roommates. But of course she and Adam where going to get married as soon as they graduated so it could not be to wrong, it wasn't like she was a slut. 

So went the next 20 years of her boring life. Adam had a good job they bought a home had two kids and sex at least twice a week. Adam used sex to manipulate her he would pout, fuss, and force the issue she just thought that was the way it was men liked and had to have sex women did not. As they aged her girlfriends talked about how their husbands where having to get the "little blue pill" she found herself praying that Adam's dick would quit working maybe she would get a break.  She had tried to have some inventive sex play, bought some toys, lotions, and erotica but all Adam wanted was just to fuck. His idea of foreplay was to rub on her tits for a few seconds and then head south. He accused her of being frigid and unfeeling because she was not wet or excited she had believed him. 

Wow she wished he could see her now, frigid my ass. Jackson reached down and pulled her up and kissed her with a passion she did not even know was possible. Honestly all I want to do is stay here and fuck and suck this man for the rest of my life, she thought. How on earth was she ever going to be able to go back home, how was she going to look Adam in the face she was sure that it would show all over her.  She did not love Jackson, they had known each other for several years he was a family friend there had been some attraction but nothing that she had ever thought would be acted upon. Then last night he had stopped by to drop off some crazy hand tool he had borrowed from Adam, he said he was heading out to get something to eat and ask Emma to join him. Adam was out of town and she was alone so she said yes. Innocent enough, but during the meal and the wine she found herself doing some of the crazy things she had always wanted to try with Adam. The restaurant was dimly lit and wine always made her feel warm and relaxed. She slipped her heels off and extended her leg under the table rubbing his leg and working her way up to his crotch. To her surprise he took her foot and gently started to rub working his way up her leg, the room was spinning and she thought she was going to faint. Emma excused herself and went to the ladies room and looking in the mirror she saw her face was glowing and she looked 10 years younger. What the hell I am doing she thought and with that she reached down and slipped her panties off. She walked back to the table with a feeling of euphoria slid into the booth next to Jackson lightly kissed his cheek and slid his hand up her thigh. All of the sudden she was so wet she was afraid that there would be a puddle on the set when she got up, but they had to get out of there fast she had to have him.

The next several hours were a sexual haze she knows he felt her off on the drive back to his house and that she gave him a blowjob (she let the cum spill on to his seat) and by the time they got into the house and to his bed they were both out of all their clothes.  He had screwed in the missionary position, doggie style, and she had ended up on top for the third time. All Emma knew for sure was no matter what happened next sex was never going to be boring or something she dreaded again.