 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Copperbutterfly for her editing to make this a better story.

I had just come in the back of the house when the doorbell rang. I hastily washed my hands at the basin and grabbed the hand towel, drying my hands as I strode to the front door. Although it had been a typically hot day, at least there was a cooling breeze in the air as the early night descended on the broad plains of west Texas.

I opened the door and there, on my walk-around veranda, stood a busty young woman. She was wearing a blue print summer dress, typical farm and ranch attire for ladies of the area. She had a wide-brimmed straw hat on her head, also typical. On her feet she wore well-worn sneakers.

In a strong but musically pleasing voice, she said, "I'm answering the ad in the newspaper for the housekeeper and general helper. Are you Mr. Hodges?"

Pushing the storm door open to let her in, I replied, "Yes, Gene Hodges. Please call me Gene."

I motioned for her to go to the living room, where we both sat on opposite ends of the western sofa. As I turned to gaze at her, I began to develop some new impressions. Her face was not exactly beautiful but she was very pretty. She had a sturdy built but it was difficult to assess just what kind of figure she had. The reason was that her chest sported two watermelons. No, I don't mean softballs, or grapefruit, or cantaloupe, nor musk melons but full-grown watermelons. If I couldn't have seen a generous helping of cleavage, I would have guessed that she had stored her hope chest inside her dress or something but I could see evidence that meant they were real. Or were they fake silicon bags? I couldn't tell for sure.

"So tell me about yourself," I asked her.

"Well, my name is Catherine Lodge but I prefer to be called Cat. I am 28 years old, single, a graduate of Mason High School and I went to Western U for two years studying home economics and farm management. However I had to drop out because of finances. My parents died six years ago and I have been running the family farm, although it has become increasingly difficult to make a living on a small farm."

"Yes, ma'am, it certainly is and I admire you for trying to do that. I assume you were working by yourself ... or did you have help?"

"No, I couldn't afford any help so it was just whatever I could do."

Try as I might, I couldn't keep my eyes from dropping frequently to her impressive cleavage. I would love to know if those jugs were plastic. They were far and away bigger than any I had ever seen. I had to keep reminding myself to look at her face.

"I can appreciate that. It has been something of a struggle to run this place with only two hands but now I've got an opportunity to do a little expansion. That is why I need a housekeeper and helper. Since I'm spending more of my time on external projects, I need someone to help around the house. In short order, our truck farm will be coming in and I want to get back to putting up enough of that to support the farm for the coming year. Are you familiar with canning and freezing procedures?"

"Oh, yes. I've had to help my mom since I was big enough to shell peas and snap beans. We put up our own soup mixes and canned tomatoes, peas, beans, corn, gumbo mix, and both sweet and dill pickles from cucumbers as well as pickled melon squares, pickled okra, and chow chow. We made jellies, jams and preserves, using grapes, strawberries, apples, peaches, and pears. We made applesauce and our own salsa. We also froze a lot of corn on the cob as well as cut corn, broccoli, cauliflower, and okra. We made our own sauerkraut too.

Almost everything we raised, we found a way to can or freeze for future use."

"Well, I can see you are ... well-rounded ... in ... un, the household items, Miss Lodge. I ... uh ... also need someone who will handle the ... uh, laundry and vacuuming and dusting. Any problems with those?"


"No, sir. I can take care of them all, if you'll just give me a chance."

"Uh, Miss Lodge ..."

"Please ... Cat."

"Okay, Cat. Look, to be blunt, I'm a little concerned ..."

"Oh, you mean about these," and her hands went to the massive globes under her dress.

"Yes."

"Well, I do have to admit that they sometimes get in the way when I'm working but I've always found a way to work around them. They won't keep me from getting the job done."

"Well, I ..."

"Look, Mr.... Gene. I know you are curious so let's just be honest with each other, right?" Her fingers were working at the top of her dress and the buttons began to come open. "At a very early age, I found it expedient to become a wet nurse and ever since that time, I have nursed nineteen babies, none of which were my own ... although I have always hoped that I would some day have my own babies to love and raise."

By then, she had pulled those humongous hooters out of her dress and exposed them outside of her dress. The way she fondled them, there was no doubt that they were 100 percent real – silicon did not move and flex like they did! She moved her thumb and index finger to their respective nipples and began to pull on them. Almost instantly drops of white milk appeared at her little buds. I was amazed.

"Are you currently ... uh, nursing any children?"

"Actually at the present time, I am providing mother's milk four times a day to one of the clinics in town. They in turn provide it to mothers of four babies ... mothers who are unable to produce enough milk to support their little ones. I'm sure you know that mother's milk is much better for babies than any formula and especially for babies with any sort of physical problems. So I try to do my part for them. I think it is the least I can do."

"That is very noble, Cat. I admire a woman who would do suck ... er, such a thing. I'm sorry for ... staring at your breasts. It's just that ..."

"Oh, don't worry about it. I know that some men think they are totally gross ... and they are. But I happen to like them."

"So do I, lady! So do I!"

"Oh. So you like my tits?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Well, then, come here and touch them." She scooted down the sofa and met me midway.

I reached out and touched her smooth right breast. It, like her face and arms, was covered with freckles, which lessened its desirability not one whit! So smooth and soft and flexible! 

Argh, the little activity of touching her breast caused more of the milk to ooze from the nipple. Up close it was apparent that there were multiple openings in the bud because the whitish liquid oozed from the top and bottom and both sides as well as the end.

"Cat, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make it leak."

"Oh, that's okay, no way to keep from doing it. But you could help me out by licking it clean."

I was surprised by the request but delightedly so. I gingerly latched onto her nipple and began to lick. That let me scoop up the drops that had already escaped but it also coerced more droplets to appear. After two or three minutes of a losing battle, I looked at her.

"Uh... Cat, I'm sorry but I don't seem to be getting anywhere. Every time I lick more drops just keep coming out."

"Oh? Do you like the taste?"

"No, I love it, but ..."

"Then don't worry about it. Just suck really hard for a while. I'm pretty full and it's almost time to milk them."

"Don't you need to save it all?"


"No, there's always more than enough. Please help me."

She put a hand under each of the big heavy udders and lifted them slightly in offering to me. I lowered my mouth to her tit and began to suck in earnest. Streams of warm milk flooded my mouth. For the next few minutes, I suckled her soft tit, using my hand to squeeze and massage the heavy globe, loving the taste of the most natural of life-giving fluids. One of her hands caressed the side of my face and it seemed like her breathing became rapid and shallow.

Suddenly she backed away, to my disappointment, but she shifted more to face me and lifted the other beauty to my face. With one arm on the sofa back for support, my other hand stopped on her thigh. I was embarrassed and quickly went to move it but her hand grasped my wrist, her leg spread wide and I found my hand guided between her legs. Just like that, my fingers were against the soaking wet gusset of her panties. I moved them aside and began to stroke her very wet lacy lips. My middle finger found her opening and slid into her while my thumb circled her clit. She moaned, her legs opening and closing showing her yearning for more.

A few minutes later, I had sucked several ounces of milk from her left tit and my thumb and fingers – by then, I had three deep in her cunt – had induced her to cum. She leaned back against the arm of the sofa, pulling me part way between her spread legs.

Suddenly she opened her eyes and asked, "Uh, Gene, what about the job?"

"You're hired!" I said with feeling.

"Good. I hope you want to fuck me."

She bunched her skirt around her waist while I was pushing my pants down and scrambling into her saddle. She was so wet and ready that it didn't take much effort to sink my entire penis into her hot pussy. As I started to slowly stroke in and out of her pussy, she guided my head to her left tit, which I eagerly began to suck again. Tired? No fucking way! I forgot all about having been out of the house at dawn, spending the day riding a mowing machine cutting hay for drying. My cock loved the feeling of being in her hot pussy, sliding in and out of her smooth velvet-feeling sheath.

I got lucky, in more ways than one. I soon sprayed her cunt full of my cum but my cock only partially deflated before it came alive again, letting me continue to fuck this sweet woman. It took me a long time to muster up another load of cum, time enough to coax her into three more orgasms and leave her limp and happy under me.

And that's how I came to have the largest titted wife in the state. Oh, didn't I tell you that I proposed and she accepted? Well, that was a few months later, after she came to work for me and ran my house so efficiently and made numerous suggestion for managing the farm portion of the place that I felt I needed to make her a partner, even if I did love her.

Cat was very free with her love to me, both physically and emotionally. She screwed my head off more than once a day on many occasions, only to put it back in place ... for her use the next time.

Cat has continued with the Mother's Milk program with the local clinic, which is actually an extension of our one large hospital. That doesn't mean that she has any less than is needed for our own three babies, all three still in diapers and still nursing ... as am I! I wouldn't miss out on my turn to suckle Cat's tits because it makes her so horny she nearly rapes me afterward. 

With all of that action, she is carrying two gallon jugs on her chest these days, both usually full. You don't believe me? Just come see! No, better not – I'm not the sharing kind of guy and I do guard my beloved fiercely. But just ask me. I'll tell you. Between freezer bags, canning jars, and milk jugs, my wife is an undeniable expert!

The end