 Hey guys, this is my first story so I'd love to hear any feedback/criticism that you have for me! Hope you enjoy it!

*****

Virgin. After three and a half years of college, Brett Freeman was still a virgin. With 15,000 women of the same age gathered in a same place, one would think that it would be relatively easy to get laid. But for Brett, finding some womanly company had been harder than expected.

It wasn't that Brett was unattractive. Far from it. He stood just over six feet tall and weighed around 180 lbs. He wasn't a hulking figure, as he was relatively lean. However, Brett was rather muscular, as he was a multi-sport athlete in high school. While giving up athletics to focus on his academics in college, Brett's regular trips to the gym to run, swim, and lift had blessed him with six-pack abs and a good deal of lean muscle. As far as looks go, Brett's head was topped by short brown hair while his face was speckled with a light dusting of facial hair. No, he didn't turn heads, but he had definitely not been hit with the ugly stick.

Brett had a girlfriend all throughout high school, but they had chosen to abstain from sex until the time was right. Sure, they had fooled around a number of times, but they had never done the deed. Eventually, his choice to go to college out-of-state had created a distance in their relationship. After doing the long-distance relationship thing for two years, they split when she cheated on him, meaning that the time was never right. Brett was crushed and, thus, his dry spell continued.

However, Brett never regretted his college decision, even though it brought an end to his relationship. From the first day of his freshman year, he'd made so many incredible friends, many of whom still hung out their senior year. Like Brett, many of these students came from out-of-state, leading them to bond very quickly while trying to adapt to their new home. It was this group that got Brett through the break-up, spending time with him as he got past his struggles. They frequently went out to the bars together, savoring their remaining time together since college goes by in a flash. Brett enjoyed these trips as it allowed him to enjoy time with his friends while also giving him the opportunity to ogle plenty of scantily-clad college girls. 

And there was a lot to like. Everywhere Brett went on campus, it seemed like a hot girl convention was just letting out for lunch. It was heaven. Except for one thing: Brett was too quiet and shy for his own good. Even before his breakup, Brett was not the most outgoing person in the world. But after it, he had closed himself off even more, only conversing with his closest group of friends from freshman year. This further compounded his problem because no matter how many attractive women he saw while out at the bars or in class, he could never work up the courage to talk to a single one. Because of this, Brett remained a virgin with only one semester left in his college career and it looked as though his steady relationship with internet porn and his right hand would continue.

Little did he know that things were going to change on one chilly December night. Final examinations were on the horizon, signaling the end of nights of fun and drinking for the fall semester. Much like any good college kids, Brett's best friends and former freshman year roommates Robby and Phil wanted to end the semester with a bang. Or more precisely a banger. They had decided to throw one last Christmas pre-game at their house before everyone became too overwhelmed by finals.

As he emerged from the shower, Brett couldn't help but hope that tonight would be the night that his luck would turn around. However, it seemed like he had this thought before every time that he went out with his friends. With any luck, he thought, I'll get drunk enough tonight that I won't have any trouble talking to a girl. Because, in college, the answer to nearly every problem is to drink some more. 

Brett pulled his ugly red and green Christmas sweater, reading "Jingle My Bells", over his head and pulled on a pair of dark blue jeans to complete the process of getting ready. After grabbing his phone, keys, and a bottle of rum, he began walking to the party. 

When he walked in the front door, Robby and Phil immediately came to greet him. There were four or five of their other closest friends sitting around the living room, watching basketball on television before the party kicked into high gear. Brett used this time to consume a good portion of the rum he had brought with him. He had already begun to feel its effects when more guests started to arrive. 

As people started to arrive at the party, things got into full swing. The beer pong table set up downstairs became occupied by guests in an assortment of Christmas sweaters. A cooler of punch, containing enough different varieties of alcohol to kill a large grizzly bear, was placed in the upstairs hallway alongside another beer pong table. And as the alcohol flowed freely, the line for the bathroom got steadily longer.

At this point, hordes of women began to enter the party. Even Phil remarked, "Gentlemen, there is a LOT of talent in this house tonight!" Brett replied with, "Yes, there is and I can't thank you enough for inviting me here tonight." With that, they toasted to a great party and a great night to follow. 

A little while later, Brett moved away from the downstairs beer pong table, going to check the television for the score of the basketball game. "I should grab myself another beer," Brett mused, as he had long since drained his bottle of rum. Reaching the living room, he grabbed another beer from the mini fridge while looking for an unoccupied spot from which to see the television. Upon noticing an attractive blonde standing all alone, Brett moved to stand beside her, introducing himself. 

"Hey, I'm Brett Freeman," he said, extending his hand to the blonde while looking her up and down. She had opted to forgo the ugly Christmas sweater, instead wearing a loose-fitting ruby red blouse that bared her shoulders. Her long blonde hair was adorned with a Christmas wreath. Her hazel eyes burned with the festivity of the night and her ruby red lipstick matched her blouse. She was incredibly pretty, Brett thought, and he had lucked into an opportunity to talk to this beauty.

"Hi, I'm Macy," the blonde replied, "Macy Young." She returned his handshake with pretty smile before taking a sip from her cup. 

"This is some party, huh?" said Brett, to which Macy quickly agreed. 

"It's nice to have a chance to let loose before everything gets crazy," she added. 

He continued by asking, "So how did you get the invite?"

"Oh, my boyfriend was in a fraternity with Phil and Rob," and Brett felt his hopes sink with her response. Of course, this gorgeous woman was already spoken for and wanted nothing more than polite conversation with him. Oh well, he thought, talking to a beautiful girl was never a bad thing. The two conversed for a few more minutes before going their separate ways, Macy to join her boyfriend and Brett to join a friend upstairs as his beer pong partner. 

"Woo!" Brett cheered as his partner sunk his ball in the final remaining cup, winning them their second consecutive game of pong. Deciding to maintain his unblemished record for the night, Brett left the table, heading downstairs to grab himself another beer. As he descended the steps, he saw the front door of the house open. Coming through it, Brett saw, was a group of girls. In the midst of that group was a girl that Brett had long harbored deep feelings for: Becca Oliver. 

Rebecca Oliver, known as Becca to everyone close to her, was another out-of-state student who became part of Brett's friend group during their freshman year. There was not a single person that met Becca that did not like her. She had a bubbly, vivacious personality that drew everyone to her. But perhaps more people were drawn to her because of her God-given good looks. Becca was flat-out gorgeous. Many a guy believed that she was the hottest woman at the university, including Brett. Her mahogany brown hair cascaded down to the small of her back. Her blue eyes sparked recollections of a sparkling ocean or the clearest sky. And her plump, kissable lips were what many guys would call "dick sucking lips".

Then, there were her distinctive feminine assets, which made her very popular among the male population. Her legs seemed to go on for days before leading up to a perfectly-rounded bubble butt. Her most impressive feature may have been her magnificent rack, with a perky pair of 34D tits sitting high on her chest. All of these assets and Becca's incredible personality drew Brett right to her, causing him to become infatuated with her. 

However, Brett always fought his feelings for Becca. When Brett was in a relationship, he could not stand to hurt his girlfriend by going after Becca. Cheating was not in his nature, no matter how attracted he was to the other woman. Thus, he hadn't acted on his feelings at all during freshman year.

Furthermore, once Brett became single, the opportunity for him to become romantically involved with Becca had never arisen. It seemed as though she always had a boyfriend just when Brett felt up to revealing his feelings for her. While she only had a few boyfriends during her college career, the timing was never right for the two of them. All of her boyfriends were the alpha-male/athlete types, the kind of guys you'd expect to have a shot with the most beautiful girl on campus.

Additionally, Brett saw Becca as out of his league, a woman so unattainable that it would be foolish to think otherwise. Making a move romantically could destroy the friendship between Becca and Brett. The two were good friends and Brett would rather keep Becca around than have things become awkward due to her rejecting him. Therefore, Brett kept his interactions with Becca friendly and nothing more. 

Becca's gorgeous blue eyes scanned the living room as she entered the home, looking for any sign of her friends. As several got up to greet her, her full lips, complete with a coating of red-brown lipstick for the night, opened to reveal her radiant smile as she was elated to finally have a night to let go. Her festive sweater, proudly bearing the words "Let's Get Elfed Up", provided evidence enough of her attitude for the night. She gladly accepted a beer from her friends, taking a seat on the couch and engaging herself in the conversation. 

Reaching the bottom of the stairs, Brett continued into the living room and took a look around. There were people everywhere, as the house was quickly becoming crowded. On one couch, he saw Becca sitting with a number of girls. As she noticed him standing there, he greeted her with a quick wave, which she returned with a smile. Remembering why he was here, Brett quickly grabbed another beer from the mini fridge before Phil came up beside him and drew him into conversation about the basketball game on TV. 

After a while, Brett realized that he had had enough to drink for the time being. Any more alcohol in the near future and tonight's fun would be over for him. And with so many people in the house, he decided that a bit of fresh air might do him some good. Thus, he pushed his way through the kitchen and out the back door, moving towards the parking lot behind the house. 

There, he found Robby, Becca, and a couple more of their friends standing in a circle, reminiscing about all the good memories they'd made together. Brett moved in to join their circle, taking a place beside Becca. 

"Brett!" she cried happily before embracing him, pressing her ample chest against his chiseled one. "It's been a while! How have you been?"

"Busy as usual. And you?" he replied as he stepped back, pulling down his sweater to try to hide his body's response to that hug. Man, he thought, I enjoyed that hug way more than I should have. I really need to get laid.

"Same here," Becca responded, "But it's great to finally have a night off!".

"Ain't that the truth!" Brett answered, "And it's good to see everyone again. I'm always over here, but I don't get to see everyone else as much as I'd like to."

"Oh I know! We're all growing up! Who would've thought?" Becca said with a large smile. She continued, "So are you planning on going downtown after the party? It seems like most other people are." 

"Eh, I'm not sure. I've had a lot to drink and I'm beginning to feel kind of tired. I may just head back to my apartment," Brett replied, causing Becca's face to scrunch into a pout. 

"Don't be a party pooper!" Becca cried. "Tonight's the night to let loose! Besides, don't you want to spend the night with me?" she added flirtatiously while batting her eyelashes at Brett.

More than you know, Brett thought. I'd love to spend ALL night with you. Instead, he said, "I guess I'll go out for a drink or two." When she heard this, Becca cried out, "Yay!" and did a little dance in celebration. This brought a big smile to Brett's face, as he found her dance absolutely adorable. 

It was then that Phil came outside, announcing to the group that the party was breaking up as everyone was headed down to the bars. "So where to?" someone asked. "How about Shooter's?" suggested Phil, as it was one of the favorite bars in town. Voices of assent were numerous among everyone, meaning that Shooter's was the move for the night.

Becca looked back up at Brett, expectantly asking, "Coming?" 

I wish I was cumming, Brett thought, choosing not to voice that notion. Instead, he replied, "Yeah, of course," causing Becca's red-brown painted lips to spread in a wide smile. With that, Becca snaked an arm around Brett's waist, pulling him close as they joined their friends on the walk to Shooter's. 

As the group made their way downtown, Brett was quiet, lost in his own thoughts. Becca was still walking by his side, though she no longer had her arm around him and she was in conversation with another one of their friends. Just being close to her had stirred Brett up, one of the reasons he wanted to go back to his apartment. I'll have one beer, he thought, and then I'll go home and relieve myself of these blue balls. Lost in his own thoughts, he languished under the thought that tonight was another night of no female company. 

Soon, they arrived in front of Shooter's, where they waited in line for a short while. Becca, who was at the front of the group, was her usual bubbly self, talking animatedly with the bouncer as the group waited. She was one of the first of their friends into the bar, as she was at the front of the group, and she soon disappeared into the crowd. 

After several more minutes, Brett was allowed into Shooter's and moved towards the bar. He wanted to get and finish his beer as soon as possible so that he could make the quick walk back to his apartment. A little "stress relief" before bed would help him pass out for the night. He quickly paid for his beer and moved towards any empty table, as he couldn't see any of his friends in the crowd. Taking his seat, his empty eyes roamed the crowd, too lost in his thoughts to notice the revelry taking place around him. 

Just as he was finishing his beer and getting ready to leave, Becca slid into the seat next to him, saying, "Well, it looks like someone's having fun. Tell me, Mr. Party Animal, how do you manage to always be the life of the party?"

This elicited a laugh and a smirk from Brett, who responded, "It just comes naturally. You just can't shut me up, no matter how hard you try." This time, it was Becca's turn to laugh, as she ran a hand through her lightly-curled mahogany hair.

"I'll bet I could shut you up," she said suggestively, raising her eyebrows at Brett. Just then, Becca's favorite song ever came over the speakers. "Here, let me show you," she said, as she took Brett's hand and pulled him up from his chair. Becca began to dance, throwing her head back and swinging her long mahogany hair over her shoulder. Still facing Brett, she ran her hands over her flat stomach before moving them through her hair. Turning away, she dropped down to touch her toes, making her round ass stick out in the most perfect way. Moving back to an upright position, Becca quickly shook her ass at Brett in the sexiest way. 

Merry Christmas to me, Brett mused, as he wondered if he'd ever been this turned on in his life. The look on his face was proof enough of his shock, as his wide eyes were glued to Becca's body and his mouth hung slightly open. He couldn't even think to hide his arousal, which was rapidly becoming a problem. 

"Well, looks like I was able to shut you up," Becca giggled. Brett nodded, regaining his bearings enough to close his mouth and wipe the stupid look off his face. "Now it's your turn to show me what you've got," Becca declared.

"Yeah, that's not a good idea. I'm nowhere near as good of a dancer as you are". In truth, Brett wasn't actually that bad of a dancer, but he didn't want her to see his hard cock straining at his jeans. 

But Becca would have none of it. "Come on, Mr. Party Animal. Show me your moves," she said, moving closer to him. 

Finally, Brett relented, telling her, "You'll get to see all of my moves tonight. Right here, right now". 

A huge smile crossed Becca's face as she let out a loud laugh. "Well, the floor's all yours then. Wow me". 

With that, Brett took a step back and began to copy Becca's routine step-for-step. When he finished, Becca was nearly in tears laughing. Brett added, "I may not have looked as great as you doing it, but I can hold my own on the dance floor". 

"Yes, you certainly can. See, isn't this fun? You need to let your fun side out more often," Becca replied, her eyes sparkling at him. "Or maybe you just need to hang out with me more often". 

"Sounds good to me." Brett, gathering up all the courage that he had, continued by saying, "I'm planning on heading back to my apartment soon. If you'd like to hang out some more, you're welcome to come back with me for a while. I know you live further away than I do so we can call you a ride and have a beer that you don't have to pay for." He tried to keep a cool face, but the sound of his heart pounding in his ears evidenced the fear within him that he may have made a huge mistake.

"I'm never one to turn down free beer, no matter how much I've had to drink," Becca said with a smile. "I'm in. Ready whenever you are." 

"Awesome. Let's go," Brett said, gesturing toward the door and allowing Becca to lead the way. As he trailed her, Brett couldn't help but stare at Becca's perfectly round, jean-clad ass. Good lord, he thought, this is the closest I've ever come to going home with a girl. Which is both exciting and sad. But even if he didn't end up sleeping with Becca, he would not regret spending tonight with this beautiful woman. He'd had a much better time than he ever anticipated he would have.

As they reached the door to Brett's apartment, he unlocked the door and allowed Becca to enter first. "Go ahead and take a seat," he said as he gestured to the living room couch before heading to the fridge to grab a beer for Becca. 

"This place is pretty awesome! I wish my digs were this nice," Becca exclaimed as she looked around the apartment. "What? You're not having one?" she asked as she focused on Brett and saw that he only had one beer in hand. 

"I've had a lot to drink tonight. Any more and I might pass out," Brett said regretfully.

"Awww, poor wittle baby. Can't have any more to dwink," Becca teased as she pushed him toward the fridge. Begrudgingly, Brett grabbed a beer for himself and moved toward the couch, where Becca was taking a seat. She giggled triumphantly and her perfect blue eyes lit up as he took a seat next to her, grabbing the remote and turning on the television. 
