 I woke up today knowing that we would meet later for the first time. While dressing for our rendezvous, I took special care to make sure I wore all the items you like; thigh-high stockings and no panties underneath my long black skirt. A sheer black top and a red jacket - I don't want you missing me in the crowd! Black ankle boots with heels, not too high and not too low...just right for standing tall enough to be within kissing range...

After the hot conversation on the phone last night, my pussy is wet with anticipation. I leave the house early, excuses made to cover my tracks. Make 2 quick stops to have alibis...and then I head for the Venetian, where we have decided to meet for lunch. I am so nervous, I miss the entrance ramp to the self-parking garage and have to turn around and enter twice. As the car climbs from floor to floor, I feel my pulse quicken. I park high up on the 6th floor, making one last perfunctory mirror check before heading to the elevators; it's pointless, this is as good as it gets. My red lips glisten, my eyes are bright with desire... makeup, skin and hair are perfection...I am ready for the fun to begin...

I get into the elevator alone, go down 3 floors to the Casino Bridge. As I walk across to the entrance, I see businessmen, they eye me up and down with interest. There is a convention here now and I suppose that's where they're from. It's lunchtime and people mill about. At the entrance I ask for directions to first, the Ladies' Room, and then the Restaurant. In the Ladies' Room I once more gather my resolve and attend to the dripping orifice between my legs... I am so wet and hot now and in need of a good hard fuck. I am craving the feel of your hands on my clit and tits.

There is a short walk through the Casino and across the gaming floor next. I can feel the eyes on me, one Blackjack Dealer grins and winks. Even though this outfit is conservative, I know that when I dress like this, I give off the aroma of a bitch in heat. A hot unescorted woman alone this time of day is the anomaly here...I know they are all wondering where I'm headed, and to whom...

As I round the entrance to the Restaurant, I can see into the bar area and you are there, sipping a glass of wine. We recognize one another immediately, you smile broadly, standing up to meet me and my knees are shaking as I reach to embrace you. I am surprised at how tall and handsome you are in person. I smell the warm maleness of you as we hug and am instantly calmed. You are in control now and I am going to relax and enjoy the ride...

The Hostess seats us in a booth, around the corner from full view of the other patrons. I can't help but notice this and assume it's been planned; after all, you did arrive first and you know what I am wanting from you today. This booth is perfect. We have some privacy but also some exposure. You seem to know intuitively what turns me on. We sit down and I move close to you, I want you to feel my leg against yours underneath the table. At the same time, you do likewise and you turn and look at me fully in the face now and smile. I can see the pupils of your eyes, they twinkle like hot black coals in a raging fire and I know they are mirrored by my own. We are both turned on and we both know it!

Smalltalk begins...we order tea for me and then some crabcakes. I feel your hand underneath the table, concealed by the cloth, you are touching my knee and stroking my thigh through my skirt. Warm hands, I want to raise the hem of that long skirt and feel those hands on my bare skin above the stocking tops...but not yet. I want to wait for a little while, want some suspense to build, want to savor this moment and remember it all for later...want to burn this memory into my mind forever. Tea and crabcakes arrive and at some point I turn to you and we move closer...I can see desire in your eyes and then I see your lips, they are soft and incredibly inviting and our first kiss is like coming home. Your lips tease at mine, I feel the heat passing between us, I know the intense joy of finding compatibility in a new lover...my heart beats like a trip-hammer, I am sure you must be able to hear it pounding away in my breast.

I reach out and touch your hair; silver and silk combined. It shines in the light and feels wonderful in my hand. Your merry eyes darken and twinkle with glee. Between ordering the food and its eventual arrival, we are both growing more bold. Your hand is now up my skirt and you can feel the warm flesh of my inner thighs. My soft pussy hair brushes against your fingers and it is all I can do to restrain myself; I want to spread my legs wide wide apart and have you feel all of me, touch me and stroke me to climax right there at the table. I prop one leg up on the remote chair to give you freer access to my hot wet charms and you instinctively know just how to touch me...our lips and mouths meet erotically and you soak your fingers in my wetness, rubbing me with the right rhythm and cadence to bring me off right there at the table. My head is thrown back and as I cum for the first time with you, I am looking at the ceiling, spinning out of control with sweet pleasure. One hand is caressing my hot nipple and breast up under my sheer shirt and the other is soaked with my pussy juices. You pull your finger from my cunt and suck it deep into your mouth, tasting my essence, and I delight in this as you share the taste with me via mouth and fingers. We are both in a world of our own and there is nothing that can intrude now...

Lunch arrives and we eat in between my orgasms. You have a magic touch and I cannot resist cumming for you. Our tongues dance erotically in each others' mouths...we kiss, suck and hold one another. You speak to me when you stroke me, telling me who is watching us and what we are doing to and for them. Like a Master with a Pet you know just what I want to hear, what I need and how to command me. The food is good but we both know neither of us is tasting that. I order dessert as is my custom, a 'Heaven and Hell' cake. When it arrives we share it in between kisses, licks and strokes. We alternately feed the chocolate to one another and lick it from our fingers. I am afraid that when I stand to get up from this booth, there will be a puddle of my hot pussy juices all over the seat. I am craving your cock and tell you this and you just flash me a glimpse of your underwear, telling me that the head is juicing and has been for the past hour. I cum at the thought...

We continue on like this through another round of iced tea for me and coffee for you. The check arrives and you pay it. We decide to stroll through the casino for awhile and I have to pull my long skirt back down around my ankles before I stand up shakily from the booth. I lean against you to guide me out and we head towards the restrooms. I go to the Ladies' Room and attend to my dripping cunt, wiping the endless moisture and calming down somewhat. Mirror check again and I still look good, look like a woman who has been kissing and cumming for the last hour...

When I emerge from the restroom, you are standing there with your back turned and I realize again how handsome you are. Your clothing is luxurious, the shirt even feels expensive, you are finely groomed and I notice all the little details... shoes black and shined, houndstooth check pants that look like silk blend, a watch with 3 time zones! You are gorgeous and erotic...my mouth waters at the sight of you there in all your tall powerful glory. You turn and your face lights up with delight when you see me...we are in sync today and we both know it...

We stroll about and you lead me down a corridor where the Ballrooms and Convention Halls are located. This casino is huge and there are several large double doorways in this wide corridor. Spying an unlocked door that is just slightly ajar, you take me by the hand and lead me into a darkened huge Ballroom, closing the heavy door behind us. It is clearly set up for a Dinner or Banquet later this evening; tables are all arranged and there are linens and place settings all ready. This encompasses about half of the room and the back portion is empty, save one long unclothed buffet table off to the right. The room is dark but there is enough light from the security lamps overhead to illuminate us as if in candlelight. I am instantly turned on and know exactly what you have in mind for us as you lead me over to an inside wall. My handbag drops from my shoulder to the floor as we become lost in one another's arms, our mouths devouring all we can taste and hold of lips and tongues...my hot needful pussy presses against your cock and I know we are going to make this Ballroom our very own...

I cannot get enough of you now and the orgasms that came before were only sweet torture compared to this all-encompassing needfulness...my breathing is ragged and my heart pounds hard and loud, your hands are everywhere, underneath my shirt and holding both my fully ripened breasts, your mouth moves to suck at them and I am overcome with lust, I cannot resist you and although we may be discovered at any moment, this forbidden act is all I want, all I need. There in the darkness you pull my entire long skirt up around my waist, my shirt is bunched up and I am exposed to you there in the half-light in all my erotic glory...you stoop to kiss my belly and the area below my waist and I swoon with desire for you...as you kiss and love me you speak to me there in the darkness, your voice is soothing and reassuring, you tell me to cum, that I am Your Girl, that I am a Good Girl for you and that you want me to be pleased...your hand and fingers work my hot cunt and rub away repeatedly at my clit until I explode in orgasm, drenching your hand and wrist with my hot juices. At one point, you back me up about 15 feet to the unclothed buffet table and laying me down upon it, you raise my legs and for just the slightest moment your tongue finds my clit and I see stars and cum all over your face.

You pull me off the table, we are too exposed from that angle, lead me back over to our little rear wall area and tell me to place my hands up over my head. As I do so, you begin to tell me that we are on camera, that the security in this place is watching us as we play, and that the security crew is most likely jerking off right now, watching how you bring me to orgasm. I am cumming repeatedly now and I want a taste of your cock, so begging you for it, I get down on my knees and suck the head into my hot wet and eager mouth. I can taste the precum juice, it is delicious and sweet, I WANT MORE, and before I can go much further, you are pulling me up to my feet and telling me to get onto my knees on all fours there on the Ballroom carpet...

I assume the position, my skirt is up over my hips and backside and you see my luscious milky ass there in the darkness, exposed fully to your view and craving your touch. You kneel down on the floor behind me there in the half-light and I feel your warm hands as they grab at my ass and then find my rock-hard clit and open wet cunt. You spank me, slap my ass and then my clit and I am fully aroused and begging for a fucking. You talk to me as you finger me and when I am about to cum, you shove what feels like your whole hand up into my pussy as hard and as deep as it will go and I am reeling with the pleasure and know the sounds I am making could awaken the dead...I am on my forearms and knees there in the darkness, my face pressed into the carpet of this Convention Ballroom, my knees grinding into the floor and my head pushed up against the wall, and for just an instant I have a mental image of what we are doing and I cum and cum...we are nastily erotic and this is a full-blown adventure, this is forbidden lust and the stakes are high...anyone could walk in and intrude at a moment's notice...

I continue to cum and you continue to move me into new and exciting positions...we kiss and suck and touch there in the darkness until I feel faint from the exertion. At one point you are holding my hands behind my back and not letting me touch you or kiss you...my cunt drips with passion and I want to climb you, to ride up against you as you stand there fully clothed before me. I am all woman in this instant and all yours and you tell me that you are my Master and that I am Your Girl and that you will own me now, this pussy belongs to you and I agree, telling you that it is Yours to suck and fuck and feel whenever and wherever you want. I cling to you in full abandonment and succumb to the intense pleasures you have created...I never want this hour to end.

You soothe me, telling me to calm down and as I do, we decide to leave this Ballroom for another venue. I venture out once more to the Ladies' Room and repair makeup and lipstick with a trembling hand. When I emerge you are there waiting for me. We spend the next hour walking the shops and art galleries, alternately touching and then moving apart. I know that I am giving off the scent of my lust and I wonder if the other men in the area can tell what we are doing, what we have done, and what we are about to do...strolling together like an old married couple we talk and laugh and revel in the mutual delight of our discovery of one another. I tell you I am having a wonderful day...your eyes sparkle and mirror the excitement in my own.

Eventually we head for the car as it is growing late and I need to go home. We get into the elevator for the parking garage and I am wondering if you are as disappointed as I am that we are not alone in there...another couple is going to a higher floor, so we don't get any privacy. We get off on the 4th floor and walk to your car. You open the passenger side door for me and I get in, my heart is pounding away again with anticipation. I am wet before you even slide into your seat and close the door on your side. All I want now is your lips on mine, your hands back on my tits and in my hot wet throbbing cunt where they belong, and I am cumming repeatedly as you alternately kiss me deeply until I swoon with lust, and talk to me in a low voice about the show we are giving the passersby there in the garage...you pull my skirt up over my hips and my entire pussy is all exposed...your hot active hand works my clit feverishly over and over, giving me orgasm after orgasm, I am dripping with my lust and my head spins, heart pounds, I moan and cum and fall into your arms as I express my passion. The car next to us starts up angrily and I hear it moving away...you tell me that the driver got a good long look at all we are doing...and this makes me even hotter for you, you are the Fuck Master now and in charge of my passion, my lust and my total fulfillment.

Finally I can take no more, it is growing late and you drive me up to the 6th floor to my car. Parting is sweet sorrow, we are both still lustful and in need. I want to devour you, to taste all of you... I finally get out and we walk to my car, where I kiss you again, feeling all of you there pressed up against me, savoring and burning the memory of you into the depths of my very soul... and you admonish me to go home, to be a Good Wife, and that you will call me later on...my mind reels with all we have done, all we will do, and all that lies before us just waiting to be discovered and enjoyed...

As I start the ignition and drive away towards home, I sigh, smiling to myself...it's true...I have found my Fuck Master at last!