 I almost got thrown out of the basketball game tonight. That ref was a real jerk. I don't know if he thought he was overseeing baseball, because his calls were coming from way left field. I don't know why you kept shaking your head at me too. I should have the ref's job.

"You couldn't Lover. You would be to big of a distraction for anyone playing. I think you are good right on the side lines." 

"I know," I said giggling.

"Besides, you are worse than the coach anyway. I think the guys are gonna ask me to stop bringing you to the games soon."

"Ha, very funny D. They can't ban me anyway. If I can't go, their star player can't go," I said brushing up to you as I coupled your balls in my hands. "Why are you so jumpy," I asked rolling my head back with laughter.

"Lover, stop it, not here. There are people around. Innocent children who have already been exposed to your bad girl mouth."

"Oh, they haven't seen anything yet. This was my good day. Bad soon coming."

"Oh really," you laughed. "When is that?"

"You don't want to know. I could pants you right now and straddle you in front of all these people. I am dangerous in a skirt, don't tempt me."

"Why do you always do this to me? Now I am all hard and we haven't made it to the car yet for some private time," you said as you grabbed a firm handfull of my ass.

"We don't have to wait for the car, I saw a little spot behind the stairwell in the back of the gym. Let's go!" I took your hand and pulled you racing away. You can't resist me.

"Slow down Lover."

"How long do you think we have until security comes?"

"I don't know."

"Well, drop you bag. We have some business to attend to, and I need all of you available to me." I bent over inf ront of you and slipped off my panties, giving you a nice view of what you would be fucking soon. "Put this in your bag for me, will you hun?"

Stuttering, "Yes, ma'am."

When you went down to the bag, I put my leg on your shoulder. You halfway unzipped the bag before your concentration was lost. You stuffed my panties into the opening and brought my pussy closer to your face. You began to lick and suck on my cunt. You stick your finger inside me and moan as your mouth still covered my pussy. I felt the vibrations.

"You are so wet for me Lover. You are a bad bad girl."

"You bring it out of me. I was innocent until I met you and then you turned me into a freak."

"Don't blame that on me. I am just as 'innocent' as you," you laughed. You rose up from sucking on my pussy and kissed me hard and deep. 

I tasted my juices on your lips, your tongue. Mmmm. Your mouth devoured mine. You pulled your pants down slightly, only to expose your throbbing dick. You raised me up and I immediately wrapped my legs around your waist. You found my opening and slid your cock into it. Only you had this power over me that made my body shiver with excitement as you enter me. 

With one hand on my upper back, and one hand on my lower back, you worked your dick inside me. You turned me around to where my back was now on the wall, and you pushed your cock in and out of me. Further and further into me. I grabbed at you and pulled your head back. I wanted my lips on your lips. I wrestle my tongue in a powerful struggle for control with yours. Neither one in dominance, both just to strong. I scratched at your shirt, at your back and you just hit your dick into my back wall harder and harder. Faster and harder. Faster and faster. My back was getting bruised and I didn't care.

"Fuck Me," I exclaimed loudly. 

You placed a hand over my mouth to silence me. "Shh Lover. Do you really want to get caught now? We are doing so good." You moaned as you said those words to me.

I didn't want to get caught, but then again, it added to the excitement if we did. Could you imagine the security guards face catching us, knowing we are there every weekend. I lost myself back into your dick. I tried to hold in my moans of pleasure. You feel so good pushing yourself deeper and harder inside me. My clit was being smashed in with each push. I wrapped my legs tighter around your waist. You moved faster and harder and deeper. Faster harder deeper. Faster and deeper, faster and deeper, faster and faster and faster....."Oh Shit"

"I'm cumming Lover."

"Don't stop, please don't stop. I'm cumming too. Oh fuck."

I spoke to soon. I came and my body submitted to you. You hit me two more good times before your legs wiggled and your body jiggled as you came inside me. You turned me around from the wall this time and let me down gently.

"Let's get out of here Lover," you said as your hand ran a trail from my lips, down my neck, over my breast, down my stomach and back to my cunt. "This is my drug." 

With your other hand, you pulled me in and kissed me deep.

Copyright ©2006 foreignLover79