 This story is a follow-up to my first story, "A Cumming-of-Age Story". Thus, it would be helpful to read the first story, but it's not completely necessary to understand what's going on. Regardless, I hope you enjoy this story and I'd love to hear any feedback you have for me! Thank you!

*

Brett Freeman walked into the steakhouse with his mother, father, and older brother, Sam. He was basking in his glory, as he was now officially a college graduate. His two-hour commencement ceremony had just ended, so Brett and his family were looking to celebrate by making their way to a local steakhouse for dinner. In addition, they hoped that this trip would cure the problem of their growling stomachs. Thus, his mom went to confirm their reservation with the server as Brett took a look around the front of the restaurant.

Standing just over six feet tall, Brett was able to see over most of the people crowding the waiting area. Man, this place is packed, he thought. I guess it makes sense, what better way to celebrate graduation than with a steak dinner after eating ramen noodles for four years. "Looks like everyone had the same idea," his father said, echoing his own thoughts. 

Brett, for one, was looking forward to gorging on steak tonight. It was the least he deserved for getting through four years of college. Furthermore, since Brett was relatively lean, he could afford to enjoy one night of good food. Soon, his thoughts were interrupted when the server called out, "Freeman! Party of four!" and his family proceeded to push their way through the waiting crowd so that they could follow the server to their table. 

As he followed the server and his family to their assigned table, Brett considered what a special night tonight really was. Trips to a fancy steakhouse like this were a luxury that he could normally never afford. However, since his parents were buying, he was going to order the best filet that the restaurant had to offer and savor his first night as a college graduate. 

However, tonight was somewhat bittersweet. It would be his last night in town for several months, as Brett was returning home for the summer before returning in the fall for a year of graduate school. While he looked forward to returning for another year of college football and heavy alcohol consumption, he knew that next year would not be the same. All of his friends, including his best friends Robby and Phil, would be graduating and going their separate ways. Even more importantly, Brett would be losing the girl of his dreams, Becca Oliver, as she was looking for a job and would most likely walk out of his life forever. 

Ever since their first night together right before winter break, Brett hadn't been able to stop thinking about Becca. Not only did he lose his virginity that chilly December night, but he had lost it to the most perfect girl that he had ever met. Even with the large amount of alcohol that he had consumed that night, Brett could remember every detail of that first encounter with surprising clarity. The way her 34D chest heaved inside the confines of her red lace bra as she had pleasured him. How the light shone off her mahogany brown hair while it was clenched in his fist as he fucked her from behind. It was truly a night that Brett would never forget.

But that had not been their only time together. After that encounter, they had hooked up several more times, each time just as enjoyable as the first. One night following winter break, Brett had spent the night at Becca's apartment, thoroughly enjoying their time together. The morning after, they fornicated extensively in her shower. From that steamy encounter, the image of Becca on her knees sucking his cock while fingering her own tight pussy was forever seared into his brain. Additionally, he could still feel how hard his cock became when Becca pretended to drop the soap while standing in front of him, thrusting her perfectly round ass into his dick until he grabbed her by the hips and guided himself into her sopping wet hole. Then, there was last week, when Brett arrived at her apartment to find her sitting on her couch in only her underwear, looking at him with a dirty smile. Needless to say, things got hot and heavy pretty quickly and, soon, Becca was laying with her back on the countertop while Brett fucked her with everything he had. These memories had been playing in a seemingly-constant loop in his mind ever since. However, he was soon broken out of his reverie as his family had arrived at their table and began to sit down. 

After sitting down, Brett checked his phone. He had been texting Becca during the commencement ceremony, as they had both been bored beyond belief. She had asked him what he was doing after the ceremony. He had replied, "Going to dinner with the family. You?" before she responded that she was doing the same. However, at that moment, they began to call graduates on stage so their conversation was cut short and Brett had not heard from her since. He hoped to hear from her soon, as he wanted to meet up with her at some point tonight once his parents and brother returned to their hotel. Brett's feelings for Becca had grown into something real since they had hooked up and he knew he would regret not getting to see her one last time, regardless of whether they slept together or not. He decided to text her and see what her plans were for the rest of the night.

Just as he began to text Becca, he received a message from her, saying, "I see you," followed by a smiley face emoji. Quickly looking around, he located her several tables away slightly to the right of him. She shot him a quick wink, causing him to break out in a wide smile. 

He quickly replied, "That's not creepy at all. Good to know that you're stalking me."

Immediately, she replied with, "Stalking you? I was here first," causing Brett to nod his head at her and concede that maybe she was correct. 

Then, Brett asked her what she was planning to do later, to which she responded, "Hopefully you." He felt his dick start to stiffen at her implication and was relieved that no one could see his growing erection from his seated position. He sent a quick wink back her way, causing her full red lips to part in a smile and her blue eyes to sparkle mischievously. After that, they both began to settle back into conversation with their respective families. 

Throughout dinner, Becca continued to sneak glances at Brett, watching him interact excitedly with his brother and parents. She couldn't help but think how cute he looked right now. Scratch that, she knew he looked cute all the time. Her feelings for him had intensified since they had started spending time together and she was sure that she did not want their time together to end. Tonight, she resolved to surprise him and show him just how much she cared for him. To get the night of surprises underway, she pulled out her phone and sent Brett a picture that she had taken prior to the commencement ceremony. Becca was sure that he would enjoy the picture, as it was of her posing in only the black lace thong that she had worn tonight, one hand running through her long brown hair while the other rested on her hip. Her huge tits were pushed out deliciously and her face wore a naughty smile, showcasing just how much she wanted him. And so, with a smile so much like the one she wore in the picture, Becca hit "Send" and quickly looked around, hoping to catch Brett's reaction. 

Still conversing with his family as they awaited the arrival of their meal, Brett could feel another set of eyes on him. He turned to his right to see Becca smiling innocently at him. He didn't understand what she wanted until she inconspicuously raised her phone in front of her. Oh, that's right, Brett thought, my phone's still on silent from the ceremony. He reached into his pocket and pulled out of his phone, quickly opening Becca's message. His eyes nearly fell out of his head as he ogled her in all her glory. My god, how did I get so damn lucky to get an incredible woman like this? Whatever the reason, he reflected, she was into him and the growing hardness in his pants evidenced exactly how that made him feel. Now, more than ever, Brett was determined to make his last night with Becca the greatest night of both of their lives. 

Suddenly, Brett had an incredible idea, one that would definitely spice this night up. Becca had gotten things started with a bang and now Brett was determined to take it to the next level. He quickly rose from his chair, trying to conceal his hardness, and walked toward the men's restroom. Upon entering, Brett checked the restroom for any other inhabitants and, after finding none, quickly pulled out his phone to text Becca. He opened the bathroom door and stepped outside to await her reply. 

Becca was just wondering what was taking their food so long when she heard her phone buzz. I guess it's crowded so the wait is understandable, she mused as she pulled her phone out. This latest message from Brett read, "Meet me by the bathroom." She pondered why he wanted to meet her there before excusing herself and making her way over to the restrooms. 

"Man, she looks like a goddess," Brett said to himself as he watched Becca walk towards him. She was truly a vision of loveliness tonight, as she was still wearing the little black dress that she had worn under her graduation gown earlier. The dress covered her shoulders, but showcased the tops of her giant tits and a generous amount of cleavage to boot. It stopped a little bit above her knee, showing off her smooth, powerful thighs. As she walked toward him wearing her usual bright smile, her long brown hair swung from side to side. At last, she pulled even with Brett outside the men's restroom. Becca questioned him, "So what's up?" before he planted a quick kiss on her lips, grabbed her hand, and pulled her into the bathroom. 

"This is unexpected," Becca giggled, "You naughty boy. Why are we in here?"

"Because I couldn't wait to get my hands on you." With that, Brett started to kiss Becca as he pulled her into the last stall and locked the door. He pressed her into the stall door as his tongue began to wrestle with hers. 

Becca was enjoying this greatly. She felt so naughty, being here in the men's bathroom, pressed up against the stall door while Brett kissed her so intensely. She could begin to feel her pussy stir as the electricity of their kiss gave her the most pleasurable feelings. These feelings only intensified when Brett broke their kiss and began to make his way down her neck. 

Brett licked and sucked his way toward the tops of Becca's incredible boobs, eliciting small mewls of pleasure from her, as his lips felt like they were leaving trails of fire down her skin. There's nowhere I'd rather be right now, he thought, as his khaki pants concealed his rapidly-hardening dick pressing against her smooth thigh. Desiring to continue his mouth's descent, Brett pulled the top of Becca's dress down while she pulled her arms up and through the short sleeves of the dress. He pulled her dress down, getting his first live view of her bra-clad tits for the night. "Fuck, I love your tits," Brett breathed as they came into view and, with fervor, he made it his mission to kiss every part of them that was exposed. 

"Ugghhh, you know exactly what I like," Becca groaned as Brett continued to worship the soft skin of her chest. She had no idea how she was going to head back to the table and sit with her parents, as her panties were getting steadily wetter. And this wetness wasn't going away anytime soon, as he pulled the cups of her lacy black bra downward so that they bunched around the bottom of her rack and exposed her hard nipples to the open air. The contact with the cool air of the restroom caused them to tighten even more and Becca could feel Brett's cock harden against her leg at the sight of them. She began to feel lightheaded knowing that this cock, one that she wanted so badly right now, would perfectly fill up her tight pussy later tonight. Brett began to grope her tits roughly, further increasing the sensations in her spinning head, rock-hard nipples, and soaking pussy. 

Then, Becca's head fell back and hit the stall door with a "Holy shit!" as both of Brett's hands locked onto her nipples, tugging on them firmly. Ohmygod, I'm in heaven right now, Becca thought to herself. Her nipples were normally incredibly sensitive, but Brett's rough handling of her boobs was driving her to another level. A whimper of "YESSSSS," escaped her lips when Brett replaced his hands on her nipples with his mouth, nipping and sucking at her tender flesh fervently. Her breathing became ragged, coming in gasps, whenever he would bite gently down on her nipples. She felt so damn good right now and she was convinced that she would love to stay in this moment forever. 

Brett alternated between Becca's nipples, giving each the loving attention it deserved. Her gigantic breasts were just one of the many things that Brett loved about Becca, but he was determined to show her just how much he loved her. As he manipulated her nipples, he stared up at her, her face contorted in absolute pleasure. Here was his goddess, a woman of striking beauty both inside and out, one who deserved the utmost respect, moaning lewdly like a common whore as he roughly played with her. How he had gotten the attention of this magnificent woman, he would never know, but he was forever grateful that he had. Especially as he stood here, sucking on her huge boobs while she expressed her enjoyment loudly. I would do anything she asked me to, he thought, and if tonight is our last night together ever, I'm going to make sure she remembers me forever. 

"No, god, don't stop," Becca whined as Brett pulled his mouth off her nipple with a lewd pop. However, her disappointment was short-lived, as he moved to his knees with a smile. Soon, he was pulling up the hem of her dress and tugging down her black lacy boyshort panties. He quickly stashed her soaked panties in the pocket of his khakis and began to move his mouth towards her pussy. 

It wasn't until Brett rid her of her panties that Becca realized how badly her pussy ached for relief. God, I need him so bad, she mused to herself. After their past few encounters, she had learned that Brett knew how to please her, be it with his mouth, his fingers, or his dick. Right now, she needed him to do what he did best. And so, as she felt his warm breath on her hole for the first time tonight, a high-pitched squeal escaped from her open mouth. "Oh yes. I need you so bad, baby!"

Those words were music to Brett's ears. He wanted nothing more than to please Becca right now, to make her feel so damn good that she would always long for this night after they went their separate ways. Answering her cry, Brett gave her what she wanted as he started to gently run the end of his tongue up the length of her outer lips before ending with a quick lick of her clit. He repeated this path over and over, but moved slowly to tease Becca. He could tell she was desperate for relief due to the frequent loud groans escaping her full lips, but he wanted her to completely surrender and beg for more. 

"UGH YES! More. More More!" Becca practically screamed as Brett continued his agonizingly slow tonguing of her pussy. She was so on edge right now. She never thought something like this would be happening right now. Yet, here she was, leaning against a stall door in the men's bathroom with her dress and bra pulled down, exposing her giant boobs and hard nipples while Brett kneeled before her, teasing her pussy with slow light licks. Her head was practically spinning with the naughtiness of the situation and her desire for relief. So much so, in fact, that she didn't even realize just how loud she shrieked as Brett inserted two fingers into her tight hole and began to tongue her clit. 

Soon, his fingers were pumping steadily in and out of Becca's cunt, stretching her in such pleasurable ways. And it was evident, as she moaned her satisfaction to the world with little regard for who could hear, that Becca was really enjoying herself. Brett hoped that her cries would be forever seared in his brain, as he would cherish the fact that he had given this incredible woman more pleasure than he had ever thought possible. She was the woman of his dreams, the one who had always seemed so unattainable. A regular guy like me doesn't deserve an absolute goddess like this, he thought. But, she was here, with him tonight, and he wanted her to look back on this night as fondly as he would. With that, his fingers and tongue accelerated to a near-blinding pace, striving to make Becca feel better than she had ever felt in her life. 

Becca was absolutely delirious with pleasure. Brett had learned exactly what she enjoyed during their time together and, right now, he was putting all he had learned to good use. She had lost all ability to think straight as her pussy gushed all over his fingers and into his mouth. Which is why she didn't completely grasp what was happening as she heard the restroom door open and the sound of footsteps crossing the tiled floor. 

As soon as Brett heard these sounds, he quickly straightened up and placed his hand over Becca's mouth, muffling the ecstatic cries that had been flowing from it just seconds before. She was shocked by his quick reaction, as his powerful hand effectively silenced her. However, this only got her more excited. Becca loved when he took control. And so, she only got wetter when Brett clamped her mouth shut. 

He leaned in to her ear and spoke in a quiet tone. His warm breath, which had seconds before been tickling her tight hole, now gently caressed her neck, sending goosebumps up Becca's spine. "Ssssshhh. It looks like we have company."

Becca nearly came on-the-spot, the hotness of the entire situation sending electricity straight to her pussy. She had never thought of herself as an exhibitionist, but, right now, Becca got off on knowing that they could get caught in this precarious situation at any moment. 

So Brett stood there, pressing a half-naked Becca against the stall door, one hand plunging deep into her pussy while the other firmly covered her mouth, trying to muffle the whimpers and moans that escaped from between her gorgeous lips. But he was pretty sure that whoever had entered the bathroom could still hear what was going on in the furthest stall. He didn't really care what they heard or thought, though. Not while he had Becca like this. And he was pretty sure from her body's reactions that Becca didn't really care about who might be listening in either. 

It was then that an incredibly dirty idea popped into Brett's head. It's time to take this to the next level, he thought to himself, and I'm going to need both hands for that. With that, Brett removed his hand from Becca's cunt, ceasing his fingering for the moment. His hand went to the pocket of his khakis, retrieving the panties that he had taken from her not too long ago. He balled them up and, removing his hand for a split second, shoved them into Becca's mouth. 

All of this happened so fast that Becca couldn't even react. Her head was still spinning from Brett's manipulation of her body and, so, it was with some surprise that she found her lacy undergarments filling her mouth. Not that she disliked it, rather the exact opposite. If she thought that she was turned on before, Becca didn't even know how to describe the yearning her body felt right now. She was quickly approaching the verge of orgasm, especially as Brett's right hand found its way to her pussy once again. And her orgasm's approach was only sped up as Brett again leaned in, whispering in her ear, "You better not let those fall out, my little slut." 

Ohmygod, I'm his, Becca thought. In that moment, she knew she would do whatever he said. She loved how he took control of the situation and how he absolutely oozed confidence in this moment. From their first night together, she had grown to trust him so much, so that she knew he would take care of her and make her feel like a queen. Now, her body was right on the edge and his actions were taking her so much closer to fulfillment. 
