 I play the guitar. Quite well, too, although I'll never be a star. I lack that little extra that makes star quality in a musician. I suppose I'm fortunate that's not the direction I want my career to go. But that doesn't mean I don't like the occasional gigs I do, generally as a fill-in when some guitarist falls ill and they need an emergency.

I had one recently. It wasn't a school day so I had no problems with a late night, and I finished up backstage of one of the local clubs getting made up to look like Jax, the band's second guitarist. He had come down with gastro and was sending his time staggering from sink to toilet, ejecting things from both ends. 

Max, the band's soloist, warned me about the groupies. The band was starting to get a bit of publicity and the groupies were gathering. 

"Some of them will be all over you, offering you everything, and I mean everything. Just remember to make sure that they're of a legal age before you accept it."

Somewhat easier for me than for the real band members. Being a local I knew most of the girls and how old they were. I also figured that, since I was being made up to look like Jax, the girl's wouldn't know who I really was and I just might have a chance to pitch a little woo at girls who would normally ignore me.

We went on stage and we played our gig. I wasn't too bad, fitting in quite nicely with the rest of the band. Being second guitar, any mistakes I made were easily glossed over.

The fun started afterwards, in the dressing room. About a dozen girls were there, trying to meet the band. Like I said, I knew most of them and how old they were. I muttered a couple of warnings when a couple of cuties made a play for Max, looking twenty and being five years short of that. Max muttered rude words about teenage tramps but zeroed in on a young lady that I assured him was of age.

I was delighted when several of the girls made a play for me, or Jax, anyway. Two of them I chased away. Not only underage but looking it. Cheryl, on the other hand was a different kettle of fish.

Cheryl was eighteen and a cheerleader, stacked and athletic. I didn't object when she cut me out of the pack and steered me to a place of relative privacy.

Cheryl was wearing a short skirt and a loose top, and I figured that I should be able to get in a little groping here. It was funny. I'd asked Cheryl out a couple of weeks ago and she'd looked at me as though I was a dog-turd and ignored me. Now she was coming on to me.

As soon as we had a little privacy she started kissing me, and I was quite willing to kiss her back. A few kisses and my hand seemed to wander up and close over her breast, and she didn't protest. Encouraged, my hand slipped under her top and slipped her bra off her breasts. Now I was able to play with both breasts, enjoying the naked feel of them under my palms.

Cheryl was eager, pressing against me, enjoying the kissing and touching. So eager that I was quite willing to chance my arm. I dropped one hand down and, lifting her skirt, my hand settled on her pussy, gently massaging it through her panties. And she didn't protest. I just couldn't believe it.

I mean here was I, fill-in second guitarist, kissing a cheerleader, one hand playing with her naked breasts and the other hand playing with her pussy. It was obvious what my next step would be.

I eased a finger under the crotch of her panties and moved then to the side, away from her pussy, so I was now playing with and dipping into a naked pussy. And still Cheryl didn't seem to mind.

What would you do? I mean you're a healthy young man and you've got a hot and happy cheerleader playing touchy feely with you. Literally, as Cheryl's hand was pressing against my crotch, feeling my erection.

I unzipped, eased her lips apart a little, and pressed forward. I gave her time to object, to say sorry, but that's as far as I go, but she didn't. She pushed forward against me and I just sank straight into her, her tight wet passage closing around me. Hands on her bottom I pulled her even closer, penetrating her all the way and pinning her to the wall.

That's all, she wrote. I had a cheerleader riding my cock and enjoying it. What more could I want? I swayed against her, driving in hard, and Cheryl responded, pushing eagerly back against me. It suddenly dawned on me that, while we were relatively private, there were a number of people about and other groupies might pop up at any time.

With this little incentive I started driving in harder and harder. Cheryl responded and we had a fine little thing going there, getting hotter and faster as we went. I think Cheryl must have been aware of the possibility of being caught as well, and she didn't mind me moving things along quickly. 

I was pounding her pussy hard while she responded, and the heat we were generating was increasing rapidly, getting ready to set fire to both of us. 

Cheryl was lucky. I was thinking I couldn't last much longer when she sank her teeth into my neck and seemed to just wrap herself around me, muffled shrieking coming from where her face was buried in my neck. That little stunt was all it took to push me over the edge, and if my head had been free I'd probably have sunk my teeth into Cheryl's breasts to hide my own yell. As it was I managed to swallow it, giving off a strangled groan.

Then Cheryl was pulling away, smiling and waving. She shot through while I moved back into the dressing room to finish cleaning up.

- - -

The fun started at school lunchbreak on Monday. I'd just got my lunch and was heading towards a table where a couple of my mates were when I passed a table where Cheryl was sitting with a couple of other cheerleaders.

By an odd chance they were discussing the band I'd been with and one of the girls piped up that she'd heard that Jax had been sick and hadn't made the gig.

Cheryl had promptly said that couldn't be right. She'd been there and she'd seen Jax there, playing.

The chance was too good to refuse.

"Excuse me, Cheryl," I said, smiling innocently. "Marie was right. Jax was out of action with gastro. I actually filled in for him. I do that sort of thing occasionally."

Nodding to the girls I went on my way, smiling. I didn't even turn to see why Cheryl was suddenly so quiet.

I made it fairly easy for her. After I'd eaten I shook off my mates and went wandering towards a more secluded area of the school. It wasn't all that long before Cheryl popped up.

"Um, I need to talk to you, Andy," she said.

"Mmm?" I said helpfully.

I could see her struggling to ask if it had been me who had been with her on Saturday after the show, but not knowing how to phrase it. I mean, flat out asking if I was the one who bonked her after the show is so crude. A girl should know who she's with, after all.

"Um, was that true what you said about Jax," she finally asked.

"About him being sick?" I asked. "It's true. He had gastro and was unable to play either before or after the show."

A quick glance around had shown that we were totally alone and unlikely to be interrupted. I decided to push it along a little and see how Cheryl reacted. While she was still dithering and trying to work out what to say I acted.

"Jax certainly wasn't doing anything like this," I told her as I lifted the front of her school dress and rested my hand against her pussy. Cheryl promptly squawked and slapped my hand away.

I just grinned at her. 

"He didn't do anything like this, either," I said, reaching over and squeezing her breast.

There was another squawk and another slap at my hand.

"Was there anything else you wanted to know?" I asked.

There certainly was. She wanted to know if I was going to say anything, because if I did she'd be a laughing stock and her reputation would be mud.

I decided to stop teasing her and let her know the full extent of her personal disaster.

"In answer to the questions you're not asking, yes, it was me. Yes, I enjoyed it very much and would love to do it again. No, I'm not going to tell anyone. Yes, there will be a couple of conditions."

She got the message and jumped right to the salient point.

"What are the conditions?"

I knew what she was expecting the conditions to be, but a rapist I am not.

"While I thoroughly enjoyed what happened after the show I feel I missed out on something. I didn't actually see your naked breasts or your naked pussy. I want to see them. In exchange, I won't say anything about your little adventure after the show. 

And no, I am not going to demand a replay of that quite delightful episode. Saturday you were willing. Today you're not, so it's a no go area."

"I wouldn't have been willing on Saturday if I'd known it was you," Cheryl pointed out rather bitterly.

"Why not? You didn't know any of the band members or who they really were. You just wanted a member of the band and you got one so stop whining.

Now, how about my conditions?"

"Do you really expect me to strip for you?" Cheryl demanded.

"Not really," I said, laughing at her. "Panties off and undoing your blouse and bra will suffice. We're in a nice lonely spot, you may notice. Why not get it over with and stop worrying about it?"

Cheryl gave me an angry look, but I noticed that she was also looking around and realising that we were really quite secluded. Then she suddenly reached up her dress and pulled her panties off and stuck them in her pocket. A few buttons flicked and her blouse gaped open and Cheryl then pushed her bra up off her breasts.

And quite spectacular breasts they were, I thought. They looked as good as they had felt. I reached over and slowly lifted the front of Cheryl's dress, giving her time to object and change her mind. She didn't and I had an amazing view of her breasts and pussy, gleaming in the sunlight.

And the fact that Cheryl was showing herself off to me was exciting her. Her nipples were crinkling and standing proud while I watched. 

"Turn-about is fair play," I told her, and unzipped. It was the work of a moment to have my erection out where Cheryl could appreciate it.

Cheryl was blushing faintly, but I noticed that she was looking. She would have been hard pressed not to look, was my guess. After all, she had close acquaintance with it and must have wondered what it looked like.

I'd had to let Cheryl's dress drop into place when I unzipped, but now I lifted it again. I was interested to notice a gleam of moisture along her slit.

"OK," I said. "A deal is a deal. My lips are zipped regarding Saturday. You can now put your panties on knowing your little secret is safe, or you can just stand there while I get reacquainted with your body."

Cheryl was suddenly all, "What? What? What are you talking about? You said I didn't have to."

I'd tucked the hem of her dress into her belt, leaving her nicely exposed. I reached out and traced a line from nipple to nipple. And I moved closer, so we were standing almost touching.

"You don't have to," I said. "I'm just saying that if you don't put your panties on I'll be putting you on. On my cock, that is."

My hands were now cupping her bottom, massaging her cheeks as I drew her even closer to me. My erection was now pressing against her tummy.

Her hands were now on my chest, pushing at me, but only lightly. I reached up and caught one and dragged it down until it rested on my erection.

"It would be against my principles to force you," I said. "You'll have to show you're willing."

Cheryl was staring at me, eyes wide. (Her hand, by the way, was still holding my cock.) "You said I don't have to," she muttered.

I didn't say anything, but just relaxed, while Cheryl slowly pulled my cock down until it was pressing between her legs. She rubbed herself against it for a moment or two, then said something rude and directed it between her lips.

My hands reached up and cupped her breasts while Cheryl adjusted herself so that I started sliding into her. Once started I gave a little push and let nature take its course. Right up into Cheryl being the proper course it seemed.

Then once again we were swaying together, slowly picking up speed as we moved. And once again we both seemed to suddenly realise that while we were alone right now, this was a public place and others could come at any time.

That's when we both picked up speed quite dramatically. I pounded Cheryl's lovely little pussy while she danced enthusiastically on the end of my cock. We went at it hard and fast, enthusiasm and desperation helping us power towards out respective climaxes. 

Hard and fast is just as much fun as slow and easy. The only trouble is that it's over a lot faster. So it was this time. It seemed to me that I'd only just started working on Cheryl's delectable little body when she was gasping and giving me another bite on the neck. Same place, damn it.

Cheryl shuddered and came and then she suddenly pulled off me, just as I was coming. Two fingers lightly pointed by heaving erection away from her as I ejaculated hard. Cheryl laughed at the look on my face.

We tidied ourselves up and started strolling back to the more occupied parts of the school.

"We're all square, are we?" asked Cheryl, wanting reassurance. 

"We are," I said. "There is one minor point."

"What's that?" she asked, a little hint of suspicion in her voice.

"I just wanted to point out that I won't object if you drop by my place after school sometime in the near future so that I can strip you naked and make love to you slowly and thoroughly, trying a number of different positions, until you are well and truly screwed."

Cheryl giggled but didn't say anything. A man can hope, can't he?