 There were a lot of things I was dreading about my son's freshman year at High School. Most of them had something to do with being a "band parent", and the stigma attached to those fanatical parent boosters of their children's musical endeavors. I had already seen what they could be like at the middle school level, and I knew the high school's boosters were even more over the top. Still, since I had taken early retirement at age 50 and my sideline consulting business wasn't filling all my time, I decided to get involved. Whatever I had imagined band parents to be, it was not Linda Kowalski, the president of the band parents organization. Tall, slim to the point of being wiry, with short blonde hair and pale blue eyes, Linda held the state franchise for parental involvement. The energy she put into it was unfathomable. What was amazing was the quiet and unassuming way in which she accomplished all this, because Linda was a very quiet woman. She almost seemed shy.

I first met Linda at the beginning of the marching band rehearsals that started before the school year began. She was organizing sign-up for the coming year, strong-arming the newcomers like me into getting involved in the band boosters. She was alone at the table and it was pretty busy, so I volunteered right then to sit next to her and help with the sign-ups. Once all the parents had dropped their kids off for the first day of practice, things were quiet, so we chatted a bit and got to know each other. I liked her.

As we chatted and shared little details about our lives, it turned out we had many of the same interests. It also came out that we lived fairly close to each other. There was a city park between our homes, and we both liked to jog on the track there to get our exercise. The only reason we'd never seen each other there was simply a matter of timing. I usually got my run done before 6:00 AM. Linda said she did her running after she dropped her daughter, Abby, at school. Somehow, and I'm not sure except that I liked Linda's company, she ended up talking me into changing my exercise schedule. The next morning, after dropping my son off at band practice, I met Linda at the track. It became a pleasant routine. We would jog and talk almost daily for the next couple of weeks. We were developing a nice friendship, which was fine by me. I enjoyed her company. 

The first day of classes, I dropped my son at the school door and hurried home to slip into my jogging shorts and a t-shirt, eager to see my friend Linda again. Sure enough she was there when I arrived, just beginning her stretching and warm-up. I joined her on the track and we talked as we stretched. She complained to me that her husband was going to be out of town the next two weeks on business. "It's getting old," she said. "Sometimes I feel like I've raised my girls on my own, he's gone so much." 

"I've been there, Linda," I said sympathetically. "Getting downsized was actually a blessing."

"Oh well, I guess we do what we have to do," she sighed as she got to her feet. "Let's run." After our usual 4 miles, we slowed to a walk and back into those conversations I increasingly looked forward to as part of my morning routine. The talk was innocuous, still mostly a get acquainted time. Linda was easy to talk to most days, and today was no different. After we'd cooled and walked back to where we'd started, she looked at her watch. "Dang it," she spat. "I'm going to be late for a meeting if I don't get going."

"See you tomorrow, then?" I asked, much the same as I did every day. 

"How about lunch later?" she asked. "With Abby in school I'm on my own, and . . . well, today I'd like a little company."

"Sure." I said. "I've only got a little business to cover today. I can meet you about 12:30. But where?"

"Do you like sushi?" she asked with a hopeful look in her eyes. "I'm the only one in the house who likes it."

"Same here," I chuckled. "They don't know what they're missing."

"Yamamoto's at 12:30, then," Linda smiled. "See you there." She walked quickly across the track and toward her house and I stumbled back home for a shower.

The morning went slower than usual. The business that I had to handle was quickly covered with a phone call and a couple of emails and I was left to wait for the clock to inch its way toward the time to go. Linda was already seated at a table when I got there. She smiled at waved me over as I came in the door. She was wearing a grey skirt and a powder-blue sweater. I liked the color on her because it matched her eyes. Linda had put on a little extra makeup and was wearing a little string of pearls with matching earrings. I think it was the first time I'd seen her dressed so nicely. "You look very nice," I said, now wondering if I should have dressed nicer than the jeans and polo shirt I'd thrown on after my shower. Funny how even a small compliment can be taken in such a big way. Linda lit up into a smile and almost blushed. "Thanks," was all she said.

I really had no expectations about lunch. As far as I was concerned it was just lunch with a friend, and that's what it was. Linda seemed awfully glad for the company, and I'll have to admit that eating sushi with a friend was a welcome change for me as well. We sat and talked long after our meal was finished and our checks had been paid, and would have kept on talking except Linda's PDA beeped in her purse.

"Oh my," she chuckled. "Did you realize school's going to be out in a half hour?"

"Time flies when it's spent with someone you enjoy talking to, doesn't it?" I mused. 

"Sure does," she sighed. "Thanks for meeting me here. I really needed it, I guess."

"Not a problem," I assured her. "Just let me know when you need it again."

"I will," she said with a wink. "But for now we'd better go get our kids."

We walked out to the parking lot behind the restaurant. There were no other cars there but ours. Linda turned toward me, and I expected the usual goodbye, but instead she suddenly wrapped her arms around me and kissed me on the lips. I was startled, but almost without thinking, I responded. Our tongues met and wrestled as the kiss escalated toward feverish levels, and then I felt Linda's hands grasping my buttocks, pulling me toward her as my rapidly engorging cock pressed against her flat stomach. 

It was over almost as quickly as it started. Linda pulled herself away from me, looking nervously around the parking lot. It was still empty. "Race you to school," she giggled as she stepped toward her minivan, leaving me standing there wondering where this would lead.

I spent the rest of the day in a daze. Fortunately I didn't have to do a lot of work, so my mind was free to wander on the meaning of Linda's kiss and the unexpected direction my friendship with her had taken. My friendship with her hadn't started because of any physical attraction that I was aware of. On the other hand, there was something sexy about Linda -- a combination of intelligence and humor, a smile that started with her eyes and lit up her entire face. I liked her the moment I met her, not so much because of her physical features but because of the kind of person she was. Just to mentally check if I'd missed anything, I found myself cataloging her physical features. She was tall and lean, with a runner's physique. She wasn't busty at all. I would guess about an A cup from what I know about women's bra sizes. All-in-all, not the sort of woman I usually find myself ogling. Not to say she wasn't pretty. Linda had very pleasant features. She did appear to have a nice ass. A man has to notice such a thing when a woman in spandex running shorts does stretching exercises in front of him, but I'm like most men, I see women's rears when they go by and note the ones that are nice looking. "If I were going to have an affair," I thought to myself, "I could see it happening with someone like Linda."

Then my mind started to consider the possibilities. I'd had a couple of affairs years before, but I hadn't been with another woman in over ten years, and never - neither before nor after marriage -- had I been with a blonde woman. My imagination started me down the path, wondering if she was truly a blonde. Her eyebrows were pale, so I guessed she was. Then I wondered what her pubic hair was like. That led me to muse about what her pussy looked like, whether her inner lips and clit were prominent or shy, light or dark. I wondered if her nipples were large or small, light or dark. I was getting more curious about her naked body all the time.

Needless to say, I was distracted enough that my wife noticed it at dinner. I just mumbled something about "being off my feed" and retreated to the bedroom to read a book while she watched TV for the evening. I had turned out the light and rolled on my side to face the wall when she came to bed. I guess she assumed I was asleep, but my mind wasn't letting me rest. All night long, I kept replaying the kiss in my brain, wondering where it would lead me next.

The next morning, I dropped my son off at school, then came home to change into my running clothes and headed for the park. I was just starting to stretch and get warmed up when Linda came to the track. She smiled and greeted me as if nothing was different. I tried to be that natural, and I guess I succeeded, but I was feeling very awkward about things.

Nothing was said at all as we ran our regular distances, and then walked through our cool-down laps. As we returned to the spot where we'd left our things, the tension of it all was getting to me. Linda turned to pick up the sweatshirt she had discarded for the run, and then turned back toward me. "It's going to be a gorgeous afternoon," she said brightly. "What do you say to a picnic lunch?"

"OK."

"Say, over there?" She pointed toward a couple of picnic tables at the edge of the woods bordering the park. "You grab some KFC and I'll bring some homemade coleslaw and some drinks. By the way, I like white meat. Extra crispy."

"Sound good to me"

"See you about 12:30 then," she said with a wave. Then she was walking away toward her house.

I headed home, hurried through my work and took a shower just in time to drive by the KFC for some chicken and biscuit meals before I went to the park. When I pulled up to the parking area close to the picnic tables, I noticed that Linda's SUV was the only car there. Linda was sitting on the farthest picnic table with a cooler beside her. She was wearing denim shorts and a white sleeveless blouse that buttoned down the front. As I got closer, I noticed that it was unbuttoned much lower than her usual propriety allowed.

"Right on time," she said with a grin as I approached. "I have a surprise for you."

"You're full of those lately," I said.

"I think you'll like this one," she giggled. Then, reaching behind her, she brought out a blanket. "Ta-da! I also found us a nice secluded place to spread this out. Bring the cooler and follow me."

She didn't wait for my answer; she just bounded off the picnic table and scampered off down a trail toward the woods. My stomach tightened with nerves at about the same time my cock started to twitch at the sight of the rump that had made itself the object of fantasy last night. As I rounded a bend in the trail, I saw Linda waiting, half hidden in a clump of bushes.

"Through here," she said as she motioned to me. "I found a clearing back off the trail."

I followed her closely. What little trail existed was narrow and low branches hung over it. Obviously not many people explored this side path. Linda and I went back a good 50 yards from the main route, until she suddenly cut through an even smaller opening next to a fallen tree. Suddenly we were in a fair sized clearing that had been left when the tree fell. Linda went to work spreading the blanket immediately. When she had done that, she sat down on the edge of the blanket and pulled off her sneakers and socks. I put the cooler and the chicken on the blanket, then sat close to her and did the same. 

We ate our lunch and talked and I was feeling relaxed in her presence again. Linda really was a person I could talk to easily. When all the chicken was gone, she set the boxes aside and turned toward me.

"Now for dessert," she said with a grin as she walked toward me on her knees and pushed me onto my back on the blanket. Her lips met mine in a kiss every bit as searing and passionate as the one the day before. This time I didn't resist. I wrapped my arms around her and rolled us onto our sides. The kiss deepened and continued as we pulled each other closer. Linda threw a leg up over my hip, an invitation for me to slide a thigh between hers. No sooner had I done that, than she began to grind her pussy against my leg. 

Taking my clue from her actions, I rolled her onto her back, and lay beside her while my hand went to the buttons on her blouse. Her breathing quickened as I unbuttoned her shirt and exposed a white satin bra with a front clasp. When all the buttons were undone, I reached for the clasp between the cups and popped it open. I used my hand to push the cups out of the way. I could tell as I moved them aside that they were heavily padded. Linda, it turned out, barely had breasts at all, but her nipples were large, dark and puffy.

"I hope you're not disappointed," she said, biting her lip. "I'm so small."

I didn't answer. I merely leaned down and took one of her amazing nipples in my mouth. It hardened instantly. I began to suck on it, alternately swirling my tongue around it and sucking hard on it. Everything I did to her nipples seemed to make Linda moan louder and squirm more. When I bit gently on the stiffened bud, she threw her head back and groaned, "Yes!" Had I made her climax just from nipple play?

In order to give the other nipple some attention, I moved between her slender thighs. She spread wide and wrapped her legs around my hips, grinding her mound against my cock through our clothes like we were a high school couple in a parked car. Just like a male half of such a couple, I started to move to the next phase. Sliding down and trailing kisses down her belly, I moved to the next target -- the snap of her shorts. There was no resistance as I fumbled with the button and the zipper. In fact, she lifted her hips and pushed her shorts down for me, baring panties that matched the bra that was now hanging loosely from her slim shoulders.

"I have to taste you," I whispered as I hooked my fingers in the waistband of her panties and pulled them down. My cock twitched when I realized it was a thong. It was also soaking wet, as was the dense mat of long blonde curls that covered her mound. I finished sliding her shorts and panties down her long legs and off and then placed my hands on her inner thighs and spread her legs open. The wonderful smell that emanated from her soaking pussy was nearly overwhelming. My head was almost spinning as I slid my tongue along her wet slit, starting from her hole and then upward between her meaty inner lips and across her clitoral hood. I felt her hands on the back of my head, pulling me closer. 

I ate her with gusto, but also teasingly. I wanted her to reach a high plateau and let her orgasm build strength before I let her have her release. When I felt that she was getting too close, I would concentrate on another spot. Several times I could hear her growl with frustration, but she knew what I was doing. I brought a hand up and slipped a finger inside her just enough to find that crinkled bit of vaginal lining that marked her G spot. Her moans of approval grew louder. Again I backed off slightly to let the force build. As her arousal grew even greater, she started to pinch and pull her own nipples, sometimes quite forcefully. When I decided the time was right to finally let her climax, I withdrew my finger from her pussy. Another growl of frustration met my ears, but I didn't give her time to ask for my finger back. Instead, I sucked her clit and inner lips all into my mouth and flicked my tongue over her swollen nubbin as I worked that pussy-slick index finger into her anus. Once it was in to about the second knuckle, Linda exploded. Her back arched and her hips lifted several inches as her arms flew out to her sides to clutch the blanket. A long loud moan escaped her lips as I hung on for dear life and rode out her climax with my head pinned between her thighs. As she began to go limp after her orgasm, I pulled my finger from her back door.

"You're the first man that's ever been there," she panted. "God, what you do to me. I hope you brought a condom. I've got to have you inside me." I hadn't planned that far ahead, unfortunately, and apologized that I hadn't brought any "supplies". Linda looked very disappointed.

"Dummy," she said with a laugh as she punched my arm. "Well, there's always next time. For now, though, I want to repay the favor."

I didn't have to wonder what she meant. In a flash, her long fingers were attacking the button fly of my Levis and she was tugging at the waistband. I lifted my hips and helped her slide my jeans and boxer shorts down my legs until I could kick them off one foot. She didn't give me time to take them completely off. Her cool hand cupped my balls as she wrapped her fingers around the base of my cock and lowered her mouth to the head. "Nice!" was all she said before engulfing me.

Linda's mouth was warm, wet and extremely active. If she had just concentrated on the head of my cock, I wouldn't have lasted any time at all, but she was everywhere. One moment, she'd be trying to deep throat me, then she'd only be flicking her tongue around the head. Next she would drop down and lick at my balls while jacking me off with her hand. Just when that began to feel too wonderful, she'd hold my cock so it pointed straight up in the air and gave the shaft long licks with her tongue. She was moaning around my cock almost as much as she had been when I was eating her. All I could do was lie back and watch while trying not to cum too soon, which was a grave danger despite her obvious talent for prolonging a man's pleasure.

Every once in a while, Linda would turn her head and look at me with glassy eyes and whisper, "It's been so long . . . so fucking long," before she would resume her oral tour of my genitals. It seemed to last forever, like so many perfect moments do, but eventually my balls were drawing up tight like they do when I'm getting close, and I knew that my climax was inevitable.

"I'm getting close," I said. "Really close."

"Mmmph," was all I heard, but suddenly Linda's mouth motions changed. She concentrated solely on the head of my cock, applying a little suction and swirling her tongue madly around and around the crown of my glans until I couldn't take any more. With a grunt, I began to unload my sperm in her mouth. She moaned and I could feel her swallowing it as it poured from me. There are times when I can tell I'm pumping a big load because I can feel it flowing up my cock. This was one of those times. I'd been aroused off and on since lunch the day before and had been rock hard since the kissing had begun and all the way through bringing Linda to climax, so I know I had built up quite a helping of jism, but Linda seemed to enjoy drinking it more than any woman I've ever been sucked by (not that I'd experienced that many).

As my climax ended, Linda held me in her mouth, gently sucking to catch every drop that she could. When I finally became too sensitive to let her continue, I pulled her away from my now deflating cock, which she let slip from her mouth with a slight pop.

"Wow," she said as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "That was tasty."

"I'm glad you liked it," I chuckled.

"Like it?" she laughed. "I loved it. I actually came again just from feeling you spurt in my mouth!"

She lay her head on my chest for a moment, then scooted up to kiss me deeply again. I could taste myself in her mouth. It was a new flavor for me, but I found it exciting. I could probably have started over again if she hadn't suddenly pushed me away.
