 I have to admit that for a long period of my life I was prejudiced against overweight women. I used to think the acronym "BBW" was ridiculous, but now I realize how completely wrong I was. For most of my adult life I had gravitated toward average and athletic women when it came to sexual attraction, as that is what the media bombards our brains with as the ideal of femininity. That all changed for me after meeting a woman online. Her name was Kate, and she's changed the way I look at women.

Kate had replied to an ad I had on a singles website and we began chatting online. She was in a loveless marriage and had not had sex in over 3 years. We talked about everything under the sun, but our chats eventually lead to cybersex. We finally decided to meet in person to see if we had chemistry away from the computer terminal. 

We had exchanged pictures, but shortly before we were to meet Kate confided that the pictures she had sent me were taken several years ago and that she had gained weight since then. I told her that it didn't matter to me (since that was the politically correct response) and that I wanted to go ahead with our scheduled meeting. I told myself that if she were really fat, then I would make up some excuse and leave early without hurting her feelings.

We agreed to meet in a local lounge for a drink after work. I got there first and found a booth in the corner. Since I had never seen her in person, I was a little concerned that I wouldn't recognize her when she arrived. When she walked in the door, I was shocked, she hadn't gained a little weight, she had gained A LOT of weight. Now I'm almost 6 feet tall and weigh close to 200 lbs, but she dwarfed me. She stood 5' 10" tall, and must have weighed almost 300 pounds. I thought to myself, there's no way this is going to work out, but I was going to be polite and act in a gentlemanly manner.

She came over to the table, and we hugged, and I could feel her massive (44EE) jugs press against my chest. We sat down next to each other in the corner booth and ordered some drinks. We chatted about mundane things and drank our drinks, and then ordered another round. As I began sipping my second gin and tonic, I began to notice how soft and creamy smooth the skin of her enormous cleavage seemed to me. Without realizing it, and much to my surprise, I could feel my cock begin to stir. 

We continued to chat, and I placed my hand on her thigh. She immediately grabbed my hand, and pulled it between her legs. She wasn't wearing any panties, and she placed my hand so that my fingers were touching her slit. She was already moist, and I slid one finger then two right into her pussy while we were sitting at the table. As there were a number of people around, Kate was struggling to maintain her composure as I worked my fingers in and out her her pussy while my thumb stroked her clit. She reached over with her left hand and grabbed my cock, and in no time it was rising to the occasion. 

She leaned over and said "let's get out of here", and nibbled on my earlobe before she pulled away.

We stood up, my erection stretching the front of my pants, and leading the way toward the door. As we reached the door, I opened it and stepped aside so that Kate could precede me through the door. As I began to move through the door, Kate stopped shortly and I bumped into her from behind, my cock pressing up between her massive ass cheeks, and Kate gave out a soft moan. I walked her toward her car, and when we reached it I saw that it was a Cadillac Escalade. 

It was parked in a dark corner of the parking lot, and before I knew it Kate had opened the back door and was pulling me in with her. As soon as I had closed the door, Kate was fumbling with my belt and had my pants down around my ankles in no time at all. She grabbed my now throbbing member and took it into her mouth with gusto. 

Most of the women I had been with before had always been slightly tentative in the cock-sucking arena, but not Kate, she took to it like a pro. She was slurping and slobbering all over my cock, and I could feel her tongue slashing around my shaft and the head as she bobbed up and down with increasing enthusiasm. My hands were stroking her gargantuan globes over her dress, squeezing one at a time with both of my hands. 

I unzipped her dress and pulled it down, exposing the biggest set of tits I had ever seen in my entire life. Her areolas were only slightly smaller than my entire hand, and her nipples were at least ¾ of an inch long. When I squeezed her nipples, she lifted her mouth off my cock and let out a cry of pure pleasure.

She turned around on the back seat, pulled up her dress and shouted "fuck me, fuck me now!" 

I was staring at such a huge ass, I thought my 7" dick would be lost inside her massive pussy, but at this point there was no turning back. I knelt with one foot on the floor of the Escalade, and a bent knee on the seat and slid up right behind her. She reached back between her titanic thighs, grabbed my cock and pulled it toward her baby-hole. 

I put one hand one each of her enormous hips and drove my prick home with one long smooth stroke. To my amazement, her pussy was incredibly tight, and it was only due to her lubrication and the time she had spent slobbering on my dick that I was able to slip it inside of her. As soon as I hit bottom, she shivered with the first of her many orgasms. I could feel her juices running over my balls as I began to thrust my hips. 

She was more than a match for me, slamming that huge ass back as I plunged forward. The whole SUV was shaking and she was screaming for me to fuck her harder and harder. I grabbed her hair with my left hand, and slapped her ass with my right as I fucked her as hard as I've ever fucked a woman in my life, but she just kept screaming for more. 

Although we were in a public parking lot, with the sun not quite set completely yet, and I was fucking a woman who outweighed me by almost a hundred pounds, my cock had never been this hard in my entire life!

There was something so completely decadent about what we were doing that my libido was acting in a way it never had in the past. My balls were about to explode, and I shouted that I was cumming, and just then Kate's interior muscles squeezed even harder upon my dick and I had the most intense orgasm of my life. I could feel myself shooting stream after stream of cum deep inside of this mammoth woman. 

Just as the first stream of my cum hit the back wall of her pussy, Kate came again with a giant wail that sent shivers through both of our bodies. I was drenched in sweat and my cock was stuck inside Kate's pussy as her muscles held me tight. Eventually, she loosed her muscles and my cock slipped out as my cum overflowed out of her pussy and down her leg. She asked me zip her up, and she straightened her dress. 

I was sitting in the backseat with my pants around my ankles, still trying to recover when she got out of the backseat, jumped into the front and began driving away. 

"I have another surprise for you" she said with a wink.

Within a couple of minutes, we were pulling into a driveway of a house. She hit a button in her Escalade, and the garage door slid up and we drove in. She explained that her husband was away for the week and that we had the house to ourselves. We got out of the SUV and headed into the house. She reached back, and unzipped her dress, letting it fall to the floor in front of me. She turned around and kissed me deeply, then began unbuttoning my shirt as I stepped out of my pants. 

We were now both completely naked, standing in her living room kissing. I tried to put my arms around her, but they barely reached. I squeezed her colossal flanks as my cock began to stiffen. Kate pulled back, and giggled, then grabbed me by the shaft and lead me across the room. We got to the sliding glass doors leading to her backyard, and she opened it and we stepped out into the open air. 

She continued to lead me by my prick when she hit the lights and I could see a pool and Jacuzzi. She pulled me over to the Jacuzzi and we hopped in. The water level rose quite a bit, but by now I barely noticed. We were in the water, and I was standing between her legs as she let them float outward on the water. We kissed for a while, then I began attacking her breasts with my mouth.

I have always been a breast man, and this was like the Super Bowl of boobs. I played with them, sucked them, squeezed them, and kissed them as they floated on the top of the hot bubbly water. Kate was playing with her self as I concentrated on her tits, then without warning she shifted position of her hips and my cock slipped right into her pussy. 

She locked her thick legs around my back and pulled me against her as far as I could go. It felt as though the tip of my dick was pressing against her cervix as she massaged my shaft with her interior muscles. She eased her grip and we began thrusting against each other. The water was lapping up and out of the Jacuzzi with the rhythm of our motions. Her arms were on the edge of the cement, while her legs were locked around the small of my back. I stood in the Jacuzzi, slamming my cock in and out of her tight pussy as my hands squeezed those gargantuan tits. 

I was getting close to another orgasm when Kate told me she wanted to see me cum this time. She released her legs from around my back and slipped out of the Jacuzzi.She walked over to a chaise lounge that was lying next to a small glass table. On the table there was a tube of sun screen, which Kate began to liberally apply to her massive mammaries. 

She laid down on the lounge chair and motioned for me to move close. As I began to move between her legs, she grabbed my dick again and pulled me toward her face. I was now straddling Kate and the lounge chair, while she laid beneath me. She squeezed some more sun screen from the tube and slathered it all over my cock. She held her tits up, and I slid my dick between them. She squeezed her boobs tight around my cock as I began thrusting back and forth. 

Her tits were so large that they encased my entire dick. I would get a peak at the head of my cock as I finished each of my forward thrusts. Kate leaned her head forward so that she could lick the tip of my dick as it came toward her with each stroke. This was driving me wild, and I could feel my balls tighten with my impending explosion. Two more strokes and I was sending streams of cum across her lips, onto her tongue, and all over those enormous fun bags. I never knew how exciting it could be to fuck a big woman.

Since that time, Kate and I get together whenever our schedules allow and continue to have incredible sex. I have a new appreciation for big women, and find myself drawn to them now. In my experience BBW are far more enthusiastic and giving when it comes to sex, and I know I'll never go back to those beanpole women again.