 When it comes to going out with my buddies, I have always been the consummate "wing man". In every group of women there always seems to be one or two who stand out (purely from a physical standpoint). Those are the women that my pals go for, while I entertain their friends for the rest of the night. 

This one night I was with one of my friends at a club, and we noticed two girls sitting at a table across the room. My buddy started making eye contact with one of them, and brought me along when he approached her to make his "move". I was there to distract her friend while my buddy was giving his girl his best lines. 

After a few minutes my friend and Tracy left the table to go dance. I was left to chat with Tracy's friend, Tina. Although we didn't notice it when we first saw them from across the floor, it became obvious when we got to the table that Tina was a "little person". 

It was also apparent that Tina had consumed a couple of drinks before I got to the table. She was all smiles and cheer, initially, laughing at every stupid little joke I made. While our friends were off on the dance floor I ordered Tina another drink, and we got to talking a little more. I don't know if it was the booze or my innate ability to get people to open up to me, but before long Tina was telling me her life story. 

While we were talking, I noticed that despite her short stature, Tina was actually well proportioned. She had a B-Cup, but on her tiny frame it made her tits appear to be larger than average. As she continued to pour out her life story, I found myself staring at her cleavage, and feeling a little bit of a stirring in my pants. I wasn't sure if I actually found Tina attractive, or the thought of the novelty of having sex with such a tiny woman. 

In any event, Tina was bemoaning the fact that she was 26 years old, and had only had sex with two men in her entire life: one was the boy who she gave her virginity to, and that was a one-night stand; and the other was a guy she dated for about a year but who had dumped her a couple years before. For clarification, I had to ask, and Tina confirmed that she hadn't had sex in close to two years. 

Just about then my buddy Mike and Tracy returned, and he informed me that we would be taking the girls home. Mike had driven that night, so I was kinda stuck, but wasn't really minding it as much this time because I was strangely attracted to Tina. 

Mike drove us back to his place, but not before stopping off at the liquor store to pick up some more alcohol. When we got to his apartment, Mike turned on some jazz music and fixed the girls some drinks. Tina and I went out onto the deck to give Mike and Tracy some privacy. We were sitting on some chairs next to each other, when out of the blue, I just leaned over and kissed her. Somewhat to my surprise, Tina kissed me back. 

I turned my chair so that I could face her more easily and we began kissing in earnest. Our tongues were probing each other's mouths, while my hand caressed her thigh. After several minutes of this, I remembered that Mike and Tracy were just on the other side of the sliding glass door, and I was wondering if they had been watching. I broke my kiss with Tina, and turned to look, and noticed that Mike and Tracy were nowhere in sight. It was obvious to me that Mike had already gotten Tracy into his bedroom. 

Mike lived in a one-bedroom apartment, so that left Tina and I with either the living room couch or the floor. I took Tina by the hand and walked her back into the living room. I sat down on the couch and pulled Tina down next to me so that we could continue what I figured would be nothing more than a prolonged make-out session. 

As we continued to kiss, I had my hand on Tina's thigh, and before I knew it Tina was pulling my hand up higher, under her skirt to her underwear. She helped me pull her panties to the side and I slide one finger into her dripping wet snatch. 

Tina moaned with pleasure and began stroking my cock over my pants. As I continued to finger her pussy, she worked to release my stiffening prick from my pants. Once it sprang free it seemed enormous next to her tiny hands. 

She was stroking my cock with one hand while she unbuttoned her blouse with her other hand. She was struggling to multi-task as I was bringing her close to an orgasm as I stroked her clit with my thumb. She finally got her blouse undone, and unsnapped her bra. I leaned down and took one of her protruding nipples into my mouth, causing her to orgasm with a series of convulsions. 

I pulled my sopping wet fingers from her pussy, drawing a line up her stomach and across her breasts, to her chin. I placed my fingers to Tina's lips and she sucked them in, licking up what was left of her juices. 

My cock was completely swollen by this point and sticking straight up out of my pants. Tina leaned over and began stroking it with both of her tiny hands in order to get a grip fully around my shaft. At first she just licked the pre-cum from the tip of my cock, but after a while she began to lick around the shaft. I couldn't take much more, so I stripped out of my clothes completely and laid back on the couch to give her better access. 

Tina laid across my legs and fondled my balls as she took the head of my cock into her mouth. Being as small as she was, I didn't think she could get any more into her mouth. I'm not overly large, but my cock that night was at least 7 inches. To my surprise, she slowly worked my entire cock into her mouth. 

I could feel the head pressing against the back of her throat as she circled my shaft with her tongue. It was amazing! I couldn't hold back, and without warning I shot my load down her throat. She didn't skip a beat, she took it all without spilling a drop and licked my shaft clean. 

When she finished she looked at me with a glint in her eye and said "now it's my turn". She crawled up my body, across my chest, and placed her pussy right on my face. It was as if she were riding my face as I plunged my tongue as far into her snatch as it would go. Her pussy wrapped tightly around my tongue as I explored her by plunging my tongue in an out before flicking it across her clit. When I hit her clit with my tongue her body tensed and she grabbed the top of my head with her little hands. 

I continued to lap at her clit, and with each stroke of my tongue her body would tense and her tiny thighs would clench the sides of my face. I grabbed her ass in my hands and pulled her completely down onto my mouth and sucked her clit in between my lips. I sucked on her clit and flicked it with the tip of my tongue. This sent her over the edge, and Tina drenched my mouth and my goatee with her love juices. She seemed to be spent and she collapsed onto my chest. 

Her warm breath on my neck and her scent still caught in my goatee stirred my manhood again and soon it was poking Tina in the calf as she laid on my chest. 

"Mmm" she moaned as she reached down and grabbed my cock, "I see you're ready for round two" she said. 

She adjusted her body slight and slid down so that the tip of my cock was pressed against her pussy lips. I could feel that she was wet, but I wasn't sure if my cock could fit into her tight pussy. I just wasn't sure that it would be physically possible based on her stature. 

"Are you sure you can do this?" I asked. 

"I certainly hope so" was her reply. 

Slowly she inched herself down as the head of my cock slipped into her slit. Once the head was in, Tina stopped and took a few deep breaths, allowing her muscles to relax a bit more. She was poised on her toes with the head of my cock inside of her pussy as she began to descend some more, taking my length into her, inch by inch. 

Finally, she had my full 7 inches inside of her, as she rested her pelvis on top of mine. Her head was thrown back, and her eyes were closed as she seemed to be enjoying the feeling of her pussy being fully stuffed with man-meat. Her breasts fit perfectly into my hands, as they were the size of baseballs. Although her areolas were small, her nipples were hard and fully erect, extending at least half an inch. Slowly she began to slide up and down my shaft by bending and straightening her legs at her knees. 


I grabbed her ass cheeks in my hands and helped her by lifting her up and down as she bounced on my prick. She was so light that I moved my hands to her thighs and was able to lift her body fully so that it seemed as though she were floating on my cock. I spun her around so that her back was to me as I continued to thrust into her tight, wet, pussy. I let her legs down so that she could control the pace again as I watched her round ass bounce with each thrust from my cock. 

Her breath was coming faster, and Tina began to moan louder and louder as she picked up the pace of her movements. As she leaned forward, I stroked her asshole with my index finger, and with that touch she came in gushes, covering my balls with her juices. She continued her gyrations as I continued to massage her asshole. I could feel my balls begin to tighten and just as I was about to cum, I slipped one finger into her ass and Tina came again just as I loosed my load of jizz into her little love hole. 

Tina collapsed forward between my legs as my cock slipped out of her tight pussy with a "plop". My cum was dripping out of her pussy and streaming down her legs while my softening manhood was coated with a mixture of our orgasmic fluids. 

After a minute or so, Tina turned around and crawled up into my arms as we lay on the couch. I wrapped my arms around her, cupping her round ass in my hands. We kissed for a while and then fell asleep on my buddy's couch as we listened to the headboard of the bed banging against the bedroom wall.