 I had my eye on the neighbor's daughter. Her name is Tanya and I knew she was nineteen years old. Tanya had a slinky body with black hair down to her shoulders. I could tell she wasn't into wearing a bra much. I could easily see her pointed nipples pressing out from the shirts she wore.

I was outside one day when Tanya came pulling into their driveway. She smiled and waved to me. I waved back and went about my business. A few minutes later Tanya came out of the house and walked over to me.

"Can you give me a hand with something? My Dad isn't around to help."

I said sure and I followed her into her house. We walked into the living room when Tanya turned around towards me. She started to pull up on the shirt she was wearing. She didn't have a bra on and I was now staring at her ripe nipples. I must have lost it right then.

"I see you looking at my body all the time," Tanya told me.

She was right about that. Tanya didn't waste another second. She began to wiggle out of the shorts she had on. I could see her small, dark pubic patch between her legs. Tanya walked over to the dining room table. She got up on top and then spread her legs wide for me. I knew I should have turned around and left but my dick told me otherwise. 

I undressed and threw my clothes into a pile on the floor. My cock was already twitching.

"I knew you had a big one," she told me.

My cock is around eight inches long and fat. I walked over to the table. I took hold of my prick and I started rubbing my head against her gash. That got Tanya worked up. A few minutes of that and I slowly began to push forward. Tanya began to moan as I fed her my shaft. Damn was she tight. I finally got my cock entirely inside her wet hole. 

I stroked my dick in and out of Tanya's tight pussy. I could tell she wanted my cock in the worst way. I had her place her hands around my neck. I lifted her up from the table. My cock was totally inside Tanya now. I gave her long strokes with my dick. She managed to take every inch of me. 

"Fuck me hard Sam!" She cried out.

I wanted to give her the best fucking that she would ever get from a man. I did walk both of us over to the sofa. I sat down with Tanya seated on my lap. Tanya began to ride up and down on my fleshy pole. I brought my ass up and filled her belly with cock. I hadn't had a young, tight pussy like that in many years.

I did my best to control myself. I am guessing we managed to fuck for close to an hour. I did finally get the urge to blow my load. I probably should have pulled out. I knew I was too far gone by then. I grunted and then shot my sticky load into Tanya. I looked directly at her face. Tanya's eyes went wide when she felt my hot cum invade her body.

She tightened her pussy muscles around my pole. That made me shoot even more of my seed into her body. We kept going for a few minutes more until I started getting soft. Tanya did stand up and pull herself free. She knelt in front of me and took my cock in her hand. She lowered her face and licked up our love juices.

She sucked cock just like a pro. Tanya wrapped her lips around my spent shaft. I did manage to shoot a few more strands of cum into her mouth. Tanya swallowed all of it. Tanya got up and went to the bathroom. She soon came back and sat on the sofa. 

"You really came a lot. I can still feel it inside me."

Tanya said her father was coming home soon. We quickly got dressed and exchanged phone numbers. Tanya said that she hoped we could hook up again sometime soon. I went back to my house. I could hardly believe what had happened. I only hoped that Tanya's Dad never caught wind of what we had done. I knew he would have my head.

Later that night I received a text message. It was from Tanya.

"Can you talk on the phone now?"

I texted back that I could talk. Tanya soon rang my number. She was excited. That much I was sure of. She said she was on her bed and fingering her pussy. She still had my cum inside her and it was leaking out. She said that she collected it on her fingers and was tasting it. My cock was getting hard from this kind of talk.

Tanya said that she wished that she could have me right now. She had never felt a cock as large as mine before. I told her that I wanted her again. I wanted to make her pussy all mine. During our talk Tanya said she had more orgasms. Was it possible she could see me tomorrow. I told her to drop by my house when she was free.

Sure enough, around ten am the doorbell rang. There stood Tanya. She had on the same outfit as yesterday. A shirt with no bra and a pair of tight fitting shorts. We went directly to my bed. I pulled her clothes off. I stripped out of my clothing. I pulled Tanya's legs apart and I licked her pussy. You should have heard the noises that she made.

I buried my tongue deep between her folds. Tanya placed her hands on my head. She urged me to make her completely wet. I also slid a finger inside her pussy. After that, she was ready for a good fucking. I climbed up over her body. I took hold of her ankles and lifted her legs up. My mushroom found her opening and I slipped inside her. 

She cried out again. Tanya urged me to fuck her as hard as I could. I did just that. I pounded her fresh quim with my fat prick. I stirred my dick around in order to stretch her pussy. I knew right then I was going to have her repeatedly in my bed. I surprised myself that morning. After cumming yesterday, I still had more to give.

I lowered my face to her hard nipples. I went from one to another chewing on each one. Tanya screamed out from all that attention. It got me right to the edge as well. I poured more seed into Tanya's body. I squirted a few times deep into her belly. By the time we finished Tanya was shaking. She held me close to her as we kissed right at the end of our lovemaking.

"Please tell me you will want me again," she pleaded.

I said that I will give her cock whenever she wanted it. That's where it stands right now. We have had sex a few more times. I do worry that we will get caught. I just can't give up having fresh pussy like Tanya's. I know she needs me as well. I think she might have fallen in love. That's a bad thing but I haven't said anything because I need her wet pussy wrapped around my cock.