 This is the third, and likely final, installment in the "Cumming-of-Age Story" series. I hope you all enjoy it and I'd love to hear any feedback that you have for me! Thanks!

*****

Entering the party, Brett Freeman was walking tall, feeling like he was on top of the world. A month ago, he had graduated college and, now, he was back in his hometown for the summer before going off to graduate school. After that, he already had a job waiting for him, easing that pressure off his shoulders. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, he was dating the most perfect girl, Becca Oliver. Not only would they be living together while he finished school and she worked full-time, but she was coming to visit later this week after he hadn't seen her since graduation. Brett had really missed her and he couldn't wait to see her once again. 

It had weird only talking to Becca over the phone, especially since they had each left for home right after getting together. Brett wanted to spend time with Becca, talk to her, see how they would interact now that they were boyfriend and girlfriend. Sure, they had known each other for some time before getting together, but things may be different now that they were in a relationship. 

Despite this uncertainty, life was going well for him right now and his confidence was at an all-time high. This was plain to see as he walked through the door into his friend's party. He was drawn up to his full 6'1", his muscular chest pushed out slightly. Both his short brown hair and his facial hair were neatly trimmed. Brett was not the same shy, skinny kid that he had been in high school. Needless to say, his four years in college had done him well. 

Brett's best friend from home, Jason, had decided to throw a party with his buddies while his parents were out of town. With no other plans for the night, Brett decided that it was the move since he would get to see the friends that he hadn't seen in a long time. The party had started off as just a small gathering, but small parties hardly ever stay small. As their friends began to invite more people, it had evolved into a decent-sized house party. Crossing the threshold into the house, Brett took note of how many more people there were than he expected. Oh well, he supposed, I'm sure it will still be a good time as long as there's beer. With that, he went to fetch himself a drink to start the night off right.

Three beers later, Brett was among the group of people gathered around the beer pong table, watching Jason and Gabe, another friend, run the table. They had won the last five games that they had played and were well on their way to winning the sixth in a row. While they played, they shot the shit with Brett, each talking about their own plans now that they were graduated adults. 

"So, do you think you're gonna come back home next year?" Gabe asked Brett as he drilled another cup. "Heating up!"

"I'm not totally sure," Brett replied. "I've got a job offer waiting back here if I want it. Need to tell them by the end of the month if I plan to accept. Still trying to figure it out." With that, he drained the last sip of his beer, meaning that it was time for another.

Jason, looking incredibly nonchalant as he prepared for his next shot, answered back, "Must be nice. That's a good problem to have. I wish I had a job waiting for me." Then, he released his ball, which landed with a satisfying plop in another red plastic cup. "Send 'em back!" he roared with delight as he and Gabe high-fived. "Oh well. I'll just have to enjoy living life right now." 

"Speaking of enjoying life, I need to grab another beer," Brett said with a laugh. "That's my biggest problem right now.' So he left them to business and walked toward the fridge, thinking how what he had told them wasn't exactly true. Actually, his biggest problem at the moment was that he hadn't seen Becca in almost a month and he missed her dearly, one part of him especially. Only two more days until she's here, he thought, opening the minifridge door to get another beer to distract himself. 

Bending down, Brett quickly grabbed himself a cold one from the minifridge. Straightening up, he was faced with a long, smooth pair of legs topped off by a pair of high waisted jean shorts so tight that they could have been painted on. Further up, he was greeted by a glittering belly button piercing, which was bared by a low cut white crop top. The top showed a deep cleavage and showcased a large set of round, perky boobs beneath. Blonde hair descended around an angelic face and, as he straightened up, Brett realized that he was face-to-face with Kacie Jacobson. 

It was widely accepted among the male population of Brett's high school that Kacie Jacobson was the hottest girl in the school back in the day. She was the kind of girl who only dated college guys and, every once in a while, one of the high school jocks. So much so that it was popular among the guys to call her "Kacie Jack Off Son" because if you were even remotely interested in getting with her, there's no way she'd go for it and you better go jack off, son. 

And word around town was that, with the guys she did hook up with, she didn't have any inhibitions. Rumors of her slutty antics seemed to be the thing of legend among the men in Brett's hometown. Of course, those were all just unsubstantiated rumors. Still, Brett couldn't help but imagine himself fucking Kacie from behind in the high school locker room showers, as one of the most popular jocks from his grade claimed he had. With some difficulty, he pulled himself back to the present, remembering that the sexy girl he was thinking of stood in front of him right now. 

"Thanks for grabbing me one," Kacie said as she took his out of his hands. He hastily opened the fridge and extracted another, straightening up to face her one more. A large, mischievous grin graced her face while she winked one slightly-glazed green eye at him. "I'm Kacie."

Oh, believe me, I know who you are, Brett thought to himself. I used to dream about talking to you, but you never even knew I existed. Thankfully, he didn't vocalize those thoughts and decided to introduce himself as though they hadn't gone to the same school from seventh to twelfth grade. "Brett," he said with a friendly smile.

While they stood off to the side of the minifridge talking, Brett couldn't help but think that Kacie had more than friendly conversation on her mind. She seemed to be standing unusually close to him, close enough that he could clearly smell her flowery perfume. Also, she had definitely caught him getting an eyeful of her cleavage several times in the short time they had been talking without giving him a mouthful about it. Rather, each time it happened, her grin seemed to get a little bit bigger, as though she was definitely enjoying the attention Brett was giving her. Then, there was the fact that she seemed to be giggling a little too loudly at everything he said. I must be imagining it, Brett contemplated. There's no way. It's gotta be the alcohol talking. 

He could tell that Kacie was buzzing somewhat. Her glazed green eyes and occasional slurred word tipped him off. Not to mention that she was pressed up against him, her chest squished up against his arm while she told him about the wild shit that she had been done in her sorority at college. "And then, there was this one pregame where my little and I finished an entire bottle of 190-proof grain alcohol. We were so fucked up!" She continued with a grin, "But we still went out that night!"

Brett replied, "Damn, that sounds like a pretty fun night!" For as little as she was, that seemed to be quite the impressive feat. However, he really doubted that story because of how drunk she was acting now. 

"Oh, you better believe it was! You'll never believe what happened next!" She continued, "My little and I found a random guy, took him home, and had a three-way! It was amazing!" Right then, Brett nearly spit a mouthful of beer all over her, as he couldn't believe she was telling him this crazy story. This girl is fucking crazy, he thought disbelievingly. Maybe all of the stories about her are really true. 

At the look on his face, Kacie let out a cackle and dropped her half full beer, spilling it all over the floor, though she didn't seem to notice. As she laughed, she pushed her ample tits up against him again, her cleavage catching Brett's eye once more. Those are certainly nice, he considered. Gotta be at least large C cups. 

After a few moments, she caught her breath and said, "Yeah, we've gotten up to some wild stuff!" She gave him a quick wink before asking, "Wait, where's my beer? How about you give me a sip of yours?"

Yep, she's definitely hammered, he thought to himself, but she's still all over me. It was at that moment that Brett realized that Kacie's hand was rubbing up and down the front of his shorts, where a hard-on was quickly developing. Shit, he wondered, when did that happen? He couldn't deny that he was very turned on right now. This hot, crazy girl who he'd fantasized about all through school appeared to be into him. The alcohol making his mind hazy quickly forced him to think about all the depraved things that he would do to this beauty. However, he was drawn back to reality when she asked, "So what do you say we go upstairs and get wild?"

Brett found himself in a bedroom upstairs, his pants around his ankles and feeling incredible. His hand was clenched in Kacie's platinum blonde hair, creating a makeshift ponytail that he was using to saw his dick between her plump lips. He was finally living out his longtime fantasy: he was fucking the face of the hottest girl from his high school while her green eyes stared up at him lustfully. As he pounded his cock in and out of her mouth, spittle dripped down her chin and onto her tits, which bounced wonderfully with each thrust after being freed from Kacie's crop top. It was as if Brett was living a dream, one that he never wanted to end. At the same time, he knew he probably wouldn't last much longer going like this and he desperately wanted to get his dick in this hot girl. Thus, after savoring his final few pumps into her warm, wet mouth, Brett lifted Kacie up and carried her over to the king-sized bed, dropping her onto it and taking in the view. 

A buzzing in his pocket awoke him from this fantasy, breaking his reverie and bringing his attention back to the situation in front of him. In his slightly-inebriated state, it took Brett a moment to realize that he'd received a text message and, with a pang of guilt, he guessed that it was from Becca. Though he was beyond horny at this point, Becca was everything that he'd ever dreamed of in a girlfriend and there's no way that he would jeopardize their relationship. And this girl doesn't even hold a candle to Becca, he quickly considered. Therefore, he felt no regret when he replied to Kacie, "Sorry, but I've got a girlfriend."

"Oh, what she doesn't know won't hurt her," Kacie replied with a flirty grin. 

Still, Brett's mind was made up so an answer came to his lips quickly. "Yeah, I don't think I can do that to her. I'm sorry." 

She shrugged her shoulders at his reply. "It's all good. I respect that. If you're ever single, feel free to hit me up." Pulling out his phone to check his text messages, Brett was surprised when it was snatched from his hand. After winking at him and putting her number in his phone, Kacie planted a kiss on his cheek and walked away, moving toward the pong table. 

Looking at his messages, Brett was amused to find that the text was not from Becca, but rather from Jason. It simply read, "GET SOME!!", which drew a chuckle from him as he stood near the fridge by himself. Though he wasn't left alone for long because Kacie's vacated spot was soon filled by both Jason and Gabe, who looked at him incredulously. 

"What the hell did you do?" Gabe questioned him. "You were gonna make it with Kacie Jacobson and, then, she just walks away! We saw the whole thing." 

Brett couldn't help but smirk a little at Gabe's words, as he seemed way too upset for something that didn't concern him. "Well, I actually have a girlfriend and I really don't care to mess things up with her. And why do you care at all?"

Scoffing loudly, Jason replied, "You are such a liar. You never mentioned anything about a girlfriend earlier. And I seriously doubt she's anywhere near as hot as Kacie, if she even exists!"

Gabe continued, "Yeah, he's exactly right. And we care because guys like us never get girls like that! It's your duty as a guy to hit that for all of us!"

They couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of that thought, with Brett replying once they had all regained their breath. "Becca, my girlfriend, is actually coming to visit in a couple days."

"Of course she is, buddy," Gabe answered with a snarky roll of his eyes. "Now, let's go drink some more until we forget about this whole damn thing."

Three days later, Brett was in his car, excitedly waiting at the airport to pick up Becca. It was a gorgeously sunny afternoon, the perfect representation of how he was feeling inside right now. He had gotten off of work a couple hours ago, since he had only been working part-time this summer, and had been counting down the minutes until he got to see her again. This would be the first chance they got to spend time together as a real couple and there was so much he wanted to show her about his life back home. All of these thoughts raced through his mind, clouding his attention, so that Brett was startled when his phone began to ring. 

Upon answering, he heard Becca's voice coming through the other end, saying, "Hey there, baby! I'm waiting at door six!"

"Awesome! Be right there, Bec!" Brett replied enthusiastically. He quickly shifted his car into gear and began weaving his way through the usual airport traffic to get to door six. Approaching the curb near the door, he spotted Becca waiting there, looking just as beautiful as ever while she was flanked by her luggage. She was wearing a light pink jacket over a white tank top while her long legs were encased in a pair of tight yoga pants. Her long brown was pulled back into a ponytail and her blue eyes sparkled excitedly, searching the traffic for any sign of Brett.

Never having seen his car before, Becca didn't know what to look for to find him. Suddenly, a silver sedan pulled up in front of her and the driver rolled the window down, asking her, "Need a ride, good-looking?" Seeing Brett grinning back at her, Becca couldn't help but smile. 

"Only if I can ride you. I mean with you," she answered with a wink and a laugh. Brett guffawed loudly at that, putting the car into park so that he could give her a quick hug and put her luggage in the trunk. They both got in the car, chatting about her flight, his shift at work earlier, and just generally catching up after not seeing each other for the past month. 

After ten minutes or so, Becca asked, "So how much longer until we get to your house?" Brett found the question a little peculiar, as it seemed like they had both been enjoying the conversation. He really just enjoyed being with her again and hoped things hadn't changed between them over the past month. No, she's acting too eager for that to be the case, he thought. 

"About ten to fifteen minutes," Brett replied slowly. "Why?"

"Oh good," Becca answered. "That means I have time to try something. Have you ever gotten road head?" Brett's eyes nearly popped out of his head at these words and quickly shook his head. She let out a small giggle at his reaction, saying, "Well, I've never given it so this will be a first for both of us."

Becca reached over, unzipping his shorts and quickly extracting his cock from the slit in his boxers. She gave it a few gentle strokes to get it hard, marveling at it as it grew in her hand. "Boy, I really have missed you," she said as she gave Brett a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"Ugh god, I've missed you too." Brett enjoyed the heavenly sensations that he felt as Becca tugged on his cock. However, he almost drove off the road as he felt her lips descend and close around his cock. Shit, there is no way in hell we make it home alive if she keeps going like this, he reflected. Soon, her ponytail was bobbing in time with her head in his lap. Her saliva coated his dick and dripped down onto his balls while Becca gave him the sloppiest, most enthusiastic blowjob ever, as she wanted to make him cum before they got back to his house. Needless to say, Brett was having enormous difficulty focusing on the road while Becca went to work on him.

After several minutes, he realized with some surprise that they were turning onto the street that led into his development. What the hell, he questioned, what happened to the drive? He couldn't recall getting here at all. All that he could think about was the feeling of Becca's warm mouth on his impossibly-hard shaft. Then, as they drew ever closer to Brett's house, Becca began to swirl her tongue around the head of his cock, drawing a series of sharp expletives from his mouth. That move pushed him to the edge of explosion and, thankfully, he pulled into his driveway.

"FUUUCCKKK!" he yelled as he finished parking his car. Brett put his hands in her hair, holding her down while he thrusted upward into her mouth. Becca felt his dick swell in her mouth, knowing that she had brought him the ultimate pleasure, which made her burst with pride. His dick exploded, shooting jet after jet of cum deep into Becca's throat. She swallowed them all, sucking him dry. His balls almost hurt from how hard he had cum, leaving him feeling exhausted. He put his head back on the headrest, trying to regain any mental capability while Becca made sure that he cleaned every last drop from his cock. 

They both straightened up, with Brett smiling lazily at Becca and saying, "God, that was incredible." Then, he continued, "Now let's go get you settled so I can return the favor." He grabbed her luggage and unlocked the front door, leading her inside so that he could show her to her room and enjoy each other some more before his parents got home. 

Late that night, Becca sat in bed thinking while Brett brushed his teeth. Brett's parents didn't mind them sleeping in the same room, as they were both responsible young adults who could make their own decisions. After being away from him from so long, she couldn't wait to snuggle up to Brett for the night. She was just happy to spend time with him, even if neither was awake to enjoy it. Today was absolutely perfect, she thought to herself. 

After Brett took her inside and put her luggage in his room, the two of them were all over each other, releasing the feelings that had been pent up for the past month. She recalled how he had thrown her on his bed and fucked her like a man possessed, within an inch of her life as he made her cum three times on his perfect cock. She felt her cheeks heat and a blush began to spread up her chest. Without thinking, her hand slowly moved down to her pussy, rubbing herself lightly through her shorts. She longed to feel Brett inside her again, like earlier when she had screamed her head off, her voice echoing throughout the thankfully-empty house. 

And the rest of the day, though much less sweaty, had been no less enjoyable. First, they had freshened themselves up before his parents had gotten home from work. Once they were home, they all sat down for dinner. She had been so nervous because it was her first time meeting his parents and she desperately wanted them to like her. Sensing her anxiety at the situation, Brett had been so sweet during dinner, grabbing her hand under the table in an effort to comfort her. Of course, she really had no reason to worry, as his mom and dad seemed like two of the sweetest people she had ever met. They had seemed to embrace her from the very beginning and was incredibly grateful to them for welcoming her into their home. After a while, Brett's parents had left them alone, leaving them to sit on the couch, watch a movie, and eat their way through a tub of ice cream. Once the movie had ended, the pair had gone up to bed since Brett had to work in the morning. If this had been the first day of her trip, Becca couldn't wait to see what the next two weeks held in store for her. 
