 ATB is playing in my car as I drive along an all too familiar road, the rain barely drizzling outside. This has always been my favorite drive in Bangkok. For sleepless nights, for a stressful mind; driving towards the airport always gave me a sense of freedom. Today, however, I have a whole new reason to fight the Bangkok traffic and get on the highway.

It's been eight months. Eight whole months of you being away, of me burying my head into work and school, both of us having to do what's needed right now. But not now, not today, not for the next few weeks. I let out a happy sigh as I glance towards the airport, wondering if the flickering lights in the sky belonged to the plane you are on.

I continue to drive and hum with the music, forgetting that I have just gotten off a 12 hour shift. None of that mattered right now. As I approach the airport, I take a quick glance at my phone to see that your plane has landed about fifteen minutes earlier. Perfect.

I switch my music off and anticipate that familiar ring tone.

"Baby, got my bags. I'll be out the door in a few."

I tell you that I'm about to pull up in front of the gate, and I can already see you walking towards the exit. I take a quick look in the rear view mirror, mentally tell myself to calm down... and quickly step out of the car. You're looking down at your phone, seeming a little worried or stressed out, I'm not sure. As you put the phone away in your coat pocket and look up, I can no longer try to hide the excitement. I quickly walk towards you, grinning. Hell, almost running into your arms. I barely give you one second to gather yourself or even look at me properly. I need this. I need everything that you are right now.

Your scent, your warmth, the way I can feel your heartbeat through your chest, as you let out a soft sigh and wrap your arms around me. You tell me that we need to get going since this isn't the place we can park for longer than a few minutes, and I had completely forgotten about it. I put my hand in my jeans pocket to find the car keys, as I feel you swiftly drape an arm around my waist, and plant your lips on mine as soon as I looked up at you. I freeze, right there. You knew what this would do to me. As I feel you drink me in, oblivious to anyone else around us, your fingers on my back digging into my skin through my t-shirt, groaning into my mouth. And me? I'm not even breathing right now. Time has stopped, and all I want to feel is you.

"Time to go." You say, as you spin me around and grab your luggage, one hand in the back pocket of my jeans as we walk towards the car. All your bags in the trunk, we quickly get in and I smile at you.

"I really hope we don't run into too many red lights in the city" I say to you as I bite my lower lip and begin to step on the acceleration.

"I think you'll change your mind in just a minute" You say, as you reach over to undo my jeans button and zipper.

"What do you think you're doing?! I won't be able..." I say, panicking that this will be a recipe for disaster.

"Relax; I'm not going to, not when we're moving. But I will, if we come to a stop at any red light. For now, I just need to feel you. You don't know how much I've missed this." And you slide your hand in, just over the light cotton fabric of my panties. The fabric just thin enough to feel your fingers and also enough for you to feel how your touch gets me wet. You push me into the seat, running your finger in circles around what can now only be described as my desires that have been building up for you; we get lost in the moment until we're brought back harshly by the policeman's whistle as he urges us to move along. 

I can see that time hasn't changed a thing about you, and I find myself with a slight smirk before I turn the steering wheel to get into the faster lane, driving out of the airport. Even though my hands are cold and my fingers are trembling, I tighten my grip around the steering wheel as I feel you deliberately push two of your fingers just over my clit, enough for me to yelp slightly and sigh. I don't look at you, just at the road, and I see we're about 200 meters away from the first red light.

The car comes to slow halt and I tense up in anticipation. I feel your fingers lift from my clit and move my panties to the side, one finger teasing me as you reach over and kiss me, your tongue moving inside my mouth as quickly as your finger pushes inside me. The dual sensations cause a short, sharp moan to escape my lips and my face is immediately flushed. And you know exactly what you're doing to me.The seconds quickly tick down and you swiftly pull your finger out of me and bite on my lip softly. 

"Drive." Your voice isn't the same anymore. And I knew this wasn't going to be a short night. It seemed like my breathing had only just returned to normal when I saw another red light coming up. Did I subconsciously take the road with the most red lights? Did I really crave him so much that I would willingly subject myself to what I knew was teasing the whole way?

You notice that the seconds are barely in the double digits and I think I might get away with a light tease. Instead, you quickly push aside my panties and shove one finger deep inside me. I'm left stunned, out of breath, and immensely turned on. I just want you. 

"Please." I turn to look at you, lips parted, panting... pleading you with my eyes "I can't drive like this. Can we not do this now?" I have barely finished my sentence when you push your thumb under the fabric, squeezing my clit between your fingers before pulling out again, a second before it was time to move.

I begin driving again earnestly, trying to focus on the road and my hands gripping the steering wheel tightly. It becomes a game. I don't want you to know how much you're turning me on, leaving me breathless with each touch. Leaving me wanting you more and more. There's a green light at the next intersection but it starts changing to yellow as we get closer. 

I hear your guttural voice say "Slow down." I slowly bring the car to a halt and you look back, an impish grin coming across your face. "Eyes ahead my love."

You push two fingers into me and I am caught off guard by the suddenness, it seems I never know what to expect from you. And then the realization comes of why you still have that grin across your face. A car slowly pulls up alongside with an older married couple. They look over and smile and I try my hardest not to let it show my wanton lust across my face. 

"That's a cute couple, we'll be like them someday" Your ability to keep calm is impressive but eventually the stimulation is too much and a single moan escapes my lips as I close my eyes and arch my back. The woman looks over and smiles, knowingly. You start thrusting your fingers inside me and I'm forced to let off another animalistic moan. God I've missed this, I just want to ride your fingers here and forget where we are. The thirst, the hunger. The desire that I have for you. I could throw all of my modesty out the window right now and not care.

I'm too afraid to look at the car next to us when the light turns green, I just want to get out of there as fast as I could and I step on the pedal before you can even withdraw your fingers from me.

We're just a few meters from the apartment but the constant stimulation of your fingers inside me makes it feel like hours. Every nerve in my body is tingling, every inch of my flesh is on fire. All I know right now is that your fingers inside me is what I have been craving. All those nights on the phone, wishing it was your skin against mine, I was just happy you were finally here. 

I see the entrance to the garage coming up and ease off the pedal, you finally withdraw your fingers and lick me off of them. "You still taste just as sweet my love." You kiss me and I taste myself on your lips, the taste of you mixed with me is intoxicating. I park the car and we slowly get out, forgoing the bags, you come around to the other side, helping me out of the car. You pull me into you and I can barely hold myself up on my feet, finding no energy in my knees. I've missed being able to hold you and your pawing at me tells me you felt the same way. Your hands slide down my sides and onto my ass, picking me up easily as I kick my door shut and wrap both legs around you. We get to the elevator that way, my eyes not leaving yours for a second. The doors to the elevator open and we get in, your lips hungrily wrapping over mine. My fingers in your hair as you reach over and push the button to our apartment, before you push me back towards the wall and the doors slowly shut.

******* To Be Continued *******

*Collaboration with ChicagoMMA*