 Katherine was usually impatient, and today was no exception. She sighed loudly as the light turned yellow and the car in front of her slowed to stop. "We both could have made it through," she muttered under her breath. She glanced to her left and saw the man in the car beside her smiling and shaking his head slightly. She noted his handsome profile and found herself wishing she could see more than the right side of his face. The light turned green while she was thinking, and it took an impatient beep from the car's horn behind her to break her reverie. When she looked to her left again, the handsome man was gone.

The line at the bank drive through was not too bad as Katherine pulled in behind the car in front of her. It looked familiar. Ah, the man at the light. She noticed he sat up straight and wore his hair neat. She saw him glance in the rear view mirror and smiled involuntarily. She could tell by the way his eyes narrowed and his brows rose he was smiling back. Katherine raised her index finger in acknowledgment of his attention then glanced away. She could feel the heat rising. She really wanted to see the rest of his face, especially his smile. Damn small rear view mirrors!

The mystery man finished his transaction and drove away with a wave. Katherine was a little disappointed, but chalked it up to just another pleasant moment and took her turn at the window. When the teller handed her the envelope, Katherine noticed a slip of paper peeking out of the flap. The teller smiled and said the gentleman who was in line before her had asked to have the note added to her envelope. She thanked the teller and pulled away from the window to read the note:

Meet me in the park around the corner? Joe

Katherine checked her reflection in the mirror. She had left the house in almost no make up and her shoulder length brown hair was pulled back in a loose clip. She was wearing jeans and her Steelers jersey. She would rather have been better prepared to meet someone, but she didn't want to miss this opportunity. There was something about the sparkle in this man's eyes that warranted further investigation. She put on a little clear lip gloss and ran her fingers through her hair. Then she drove in the direction of the park.

When Katherine approached the park she could see Joe's car in the nearby lot, but he was not in it. She parked a few spaces down and looked around. No sign of him. She was feeling a little nervous when there was a tap on her window. She jumped and turned, and there he stood. The sun was behind him and made her squint a little, but she could make out a tall man with light hair, maybe blond, maybe gray, cut neat. When she looked into his blue eyes she felt like she could see into him. He looked almost familiar, but Katherine was certain if she had ever looked him in the face before she would have remembered those eyes. When he motioned for her to roll down her window, she fumbled with the controls. When she was finally able to get the window down, Joe smiled at her and introduced himself.

"I'm not usually one to pass notes at the bank drive through, but I knew it was my best chance to meet you," he said.

"I'm glad you did it. It's been a long time since I got a note from a man while waiting in the drive through line," Katherine smiled. 

When Joe raised an eyebrow at her, she gave a short laugh and said "okay, so it's the only time I've gotten a note from a man at the bank drive through." She hoped he couldn't see how she was blushing. She could feel the heat creeping up her neck to her cheeks.

"What happens next?" Katherine asked.

Now it was Joe's turn to be caught off guard.

"I didn't plan too far ahead since I didn't know if you would meet me or not," he said. "Want to go for a walk?" 

Katherine considered this for a moment. The park was certainly public, it was the middle of the afternoon, and there were lots of people milling around. She decided it was low risk and agreed to Joe's suggestion. She tucked her phone and keys in her pocket and got out of her car. When she stood, she noticed that Joe was taller than her by an inch or two. She tried to be nonchalant about checking him out, but it was impossible for her not to smile as she looked him up and down. 

"Like what you see, ma'am?" Joe hadn't missed her attention and Katherine blushed furiously at being caught.

Joe laughed softly while she stammered. "Don't worry, I was checking you out too. You just didn't notice," he teased.

Katherine's mind raced for a witty comeback. She never struggled for a reply unless she was distracted. Joe was distracting the hell out of her.

"So are we going to walk, or just stand here and admire each other?" she asked finally.

Joe smiled at the reply. He would have stood here all day and all night admiring Katherine's ample breasts, curvy hips, pouty lips. But he took her hand and lead her toward the walking path.

"Let's walk, then," he said and took her hand. 

They walked in silence for a few minutes before Joe spoke again.

"You know my name, may I have yours?"

"You can call me Kate," she responded. Why had she said that? If she had been looking for an alias, she had not found a very good one. And, she hated being called Kate. 

"So Kate, tell me about you," Joe said to her. "I can see you cheer for the wrong team, so tell me something else," he smiled.

"Wrong team? You must be a Bears fan," Katherine teased back.

In the Chicago area, it was hard to find a football fan who didn't bleed blue and orange. But Katherine had been a Steelers fan all of her life, and a move to Chicago had not changed her loyalty. She was used to the taunting. It had followed her everywhere she had lived. She had thought of moving to Pittsburgh just to be around her own kind, but a trip to the steel city in January one year had convinced her she was not cut out for Pittsburgh winters. Chicago's were harsh enough.

"So there's no way I can get you out of that black jersey? Even if I tell you I think you would look incredible in Bear's blue?" Joe teased.

'You might be able to get me out of my jersey, but there would be a fight if you tried to put me in blue," Katherine tried to sound tough, but her smile betrayed her.

This was turning into a very pleasant...what to even call it? Katherine didn't care. She was having a good time. She noticed they were still holding hands and was glad. She liked the way Joe squeezed her hand when he talked, rubbed his thumb in circles. Katherine found herself wanting to keep him talking so he wouldn't stop playing with her hand. She was trying to listen to what he was saying, but her mind wandered. 

"What would his lips feel like?" she wondered to herself. She wanted to feel his naked chest pressed against hers. He was rubbing the inside of her wrist as he talked now. Katherine knew she should really try to listen so she could keep up her side of the conversation, but it was impossible.

"Kate, what do you think?" Joe asked, a little loudly. Had he said it more than once? She blushed furiously and looked down at he feet.

"I'm sorry, I, um, well, I...I wasn't paying attention to what you said," she stammered. She was so embarrassed to be caught!

"I know," Joe was smiling that smile at her again. "What has you so distracted?" 

Could he see what was in her mind? It sure felt that way. Katherine decided to tell him.

"If you must know, I was wondering if you kiss as well as you talk," she said, in what she hoped was a playful, teasing voice. 

"Would you like to find out, or just keep wondering?" Joe teased back. He wasn't going to cut her any slack.

"I think I would like to find out," Katherine said. 

She stopped walking. So did Joe. He pulled her by the hand gently and took her behind a big tree next to the path. There were very few people in the area. Katherine was scared for just a moment, until she felt Joe take both of her hands and put them on his shoulders. He held her that way and kissed her. His lips were warm and soft. Katherine felt his tongue against hers. When she relaxed her mouth, he sucked her bottom lip gently into his mouth and brushed it with his teeth. Not a nibble, but a hint of one. She breathed in sharply when he pulled back.

"The perfect first kiss leaves you wanting a second. Did I succeed?" Joe let go of her hands and put his hands on her hips.

Succeed? Katherine had never wanted a kiss more than she wanted one right now. Her heart was fluttering in her chest and she felt breathless. The rest of her body had responded too. She whispered "yes" as she moved her hands from his shoulders to his neck. She thought he would kiss her again right there, but he pulled back and smiled.

"Where and when would you like that next kiss, Kate?" Joe asked her.

"Here and now Joe," she answered with a smile. "I don't want to wait."

"Do you always get what you want, Kate?" Joe asked her. His voice was serious, but there was a smile in his eyes.

"More times than not," she replied. "So do I get that kiss now?" 

Katherine's impatience was starting to show. Joe thought it might work to his advantage.

"What if I said we find someplace a little more private, so I can kiss you like I want to?" he asked. 

"How private are we taking?" Katherine asked.

"Let's walk back to my car," Joe said. "I think I can show you there." 

There was that smile again. The one Katherine was already melting a little over. She was certain Joe knew what he was doing to her. She felt vulnerable in a way she had never felt before. But she wasn't scared.

When they got to the parking lot Joe opened the passenger side door and waited until she was seated and closed the door. He got in on the driver's side and put the keys in the ignition. He turned the key to turn on the stereo; Bob Seger Night Moves, one of Katherine's favorites. She smiled and started to tell him this, but he took her by the chin and pulled her face close to his.

"Here's the one I want you to remember Kate," he said. She closed her eyes and waited. She felt his breath so close.

"Open your eyes Kate, I want to see your eyes when I kiss you," Joe whispered. 

Katherine opened her eyes in surprise. No man had ever asked her to do that before, and she wasn't even sure she could. But she wanted this kiss to be perfect for Joe too, so she concentrated on his blue eyes.

From the second his lips touched hers, Katherine knew would remember this kiss always. When she started to close her eyes, Joe pulled back, leaving just the faintest bit of contact. When she opened her eyes, he kissed her deeply. She could see the smile in his eyes and found herself smiling too. Their tongues danced and darted. When Joe would nibble her bottom lip Katherine would wait until he stopped then nibble back. 

It wasn't long before their hands joined in. Joe had one hand on her face, pulling her closer to him. Katherine had a hand on his thigh, squeezing gently. She moved her hand up his thigh until she got to his crotch. She was startled by the size of the bulge in his pants. Her eyes must have gotten big because Joe put his hand over hers and held it there.

"That's for you, when ever you want it Kate," he said.

Katherine wanted. Oh, how she wanted. But not here. Should she invite him home with her? No, that wasn't going to happen. Suggest a hotel? Joe could see her trying to decide the best course of action. He figured she wouldn't ask him to her place, and he was right. Was she wondering if he could take her to his house?

"Want to come home with me?" Joe asked.

"Do you mind if I follow you there?" Katherine asked him. She didn't want to leave her car at the park.

Joe handed her a business card, with his phone number and address. "In case I lose you on the way," he said.

Katherine smiled. "Oh, trust me, you won't lose me. I can keep up." 

Now it was Joe's turn to smile. He had no doubt she would keep up. He watched Kate get out of his car and get into hers. When he heard her start the engine he backed up and waited for her to follow. She waved him on and pulled in behind him.

Joe was a cautious driver, but he drove a little faster than usual. He was as anxious to get home as he had ever been. Kate was right behind him until they were just a few blocks from his place, then she disappeared from view.

"Damn it," thought Joe. He hoped she was familiar with the area. He reached beside him and turned up the volume on his phone in case she called, lost. He slowed down and kept an eye on his rear view mirror the rest of the way home. It wasn't until he was a few houses down that he saw Kate's car in his driveway.

"What took you so damned long?" Kate smiled at him as she got out of her car.

Joe noticed how long her legs were and how she swung her hips slightly when she walked. Was she doing that just for his benefit? He didn't care; it was sexy as hell. Her ass filled out her jeans so nicely he barely noticed she was in that damned Steelers jersey. She would be out of it soon enough.

Once they were inside, Katherine glanced around, making sure there was not a detectable woman's touch. She didn't see any framed family photos. There were no throw pillows on the furniture. Everything was neat and in its place. She decided it passed he initial sniff test.

"May I use your bathroom? Katherine asked. 

Of course she was still checking him out, and of course Joe knew it. He pointed her in the right direction and watched her walk away. There was that swing again. Joe almost called her on it, but decided to let it go. There would be more teasing later. He wanted to let her satisfy her curiosity about him in her own way. She wasn't gone long and she appeared to be content with her findings when she walked back in the room.

"Find everything okay?" Joe asked.

"Yes, I think so," Katherine replied. "I'd love to see the rest of the place." 

When they got to the bedroom Joe stopped. "I only allow Bears gear in the bedroom, so if you want to see it, well, that jersey's going to have to go," he told her as seriously as he could. 

Before Joe could finish his sentence Katherine slipped off her jersey and stuffed a corner of it in her back pocket. She put her other hand in the other pocket and let Joe have a moment to admire the view. She was wearing a black bra. Her 40DD's were peeking over the tops of cups.

"May I go in now?" she asked as innocently as she could.

"Well, you know that black bra of yours could be construed as Steelers colors too," Joe responded. He was enjoying teasing her.

"Then my panties aren't going to pass inspection either," Katherine said as she reached behind her back to unclasp her bra.

Katherine removed her bra and tucked a strap into her other back pocket. Did she say something about panties? Joe had missed it. Kate's breasts were a shade lighter than the rest of her, a remnant of her summer tan. Joe wondered what color bikini she had worn. He wondered if she had taken it off in the sun? Did those big brown nipples get sunburned? How he would have loved to be there to rub her down with suntan lotion. Or other things.

"Panties, black, deal breaker?" Katherine repeated herself after allowing Joe to ogle her a minute or two. 

Katherine reached for the buttons on her jeans and undid the top one. Joe could see the waistband of her black boy shorts. There were yellow smiley faces around the waistband.

"You can wear them in, but there will be a penalty assessed," Joe said as he opened the door and motioned her inside.

"I'd rather start without penalties, if you don't mind," Katherine retorted. "You already have home field advantage."

She kicked off her boots then slid her jeans and those damned cute panties off in one motion.

"There isn't a penalty for being completely naked, I hope?" she asked.

"Oh, no. And I'm not sure home field advantage will count for much," Joe replied. 

"Then let the game begin!" Katherine said as she walked into the bedroom.

It was a very manly room. Dark green bed covers on a big, unmade bed. Two books on the night stand, but Katherine couldn't make out the titles. She could smell fabric softener (from the sheets, she was betting) and a faint whiff of cologne. Nothing girly here at all.

Joe had been standing behind her, admiring the view of Kate's naked ass. He walked up behind her and put his hands on her hips, pulled her back and moved his hands up her body. He cupped her full breasts and rolled her nipples with his fingers. They were as big as the end of his thumb and hard. Kate stepped back and leaned into him. She was a little shorter without her boots, but still tall enough Joe could kiss her neck without having to bend over too far.

Katherine reached up and put her hands on the back of Joe's neck. She moaned softly and pulled him closer. She could feel his erection at the small of her back, and the rough denim fabric of his jeans on her ass. As much as she wanted him naked, she wanted this embrace to last a little longer. She wrapped her fingers in his hair and leaned back to encourage him to continue. It worked. He let go of her breasts and rubbed her belly in slow circles. His hands caressed and kneaded her hips.

"Mmm, you are so soft Kate," Joe whispered in her ear. He kissed her neck and licked her earlobe while his hands continued to explore her.

Katherine wanted to feel Joe's naked body against hers. She turned to face him and began unbuttoning his shirt. When she was finished with the last button she pushed his shirt off his shoulders and scratched down his back as she pulled it off his shoulders. Joe shuddered at the sensation.

"May I?" Katherine asked as she reached for the zipper on Joe's jeans. She may be naked in a stranger's bedroom, but she was not about to forget her manners.

Joe stepped back just far enough for Kate to be able to manipulate the zipper. 

"Anything I can do to help?" Joe asked as he allowed her to finish undressing him.

"Yes. You can help me have an orgasm or three," Kate winked at him and smiled.

She already had one hand wrapped around Joe's thick cock and was stroking slowly. Before Joe could respond Kate told him she had a little secret.

"I'm already ahead by one," she said. "In the driveway. Waiting on your slow-driving ass to get here!" She squeezed his cock a little harder when she said the last part.

"So that was the big hurry," Joe replied. "Good, then you should be okay with the next one being really, really, really, slow."

"Damn it!" Katherine thought to herself. 

This was not what she had planned. Her nipples were on fire and she could feel her pussy all hot and wet, juice starting to run down her inner thighs. She was going to have to rethink her strategy. Joe had the most amazing cock she had ever seen and she wanted it badly. She could barely wrap her hands around it. She glanced down as she stroked him. She estimated about eight inches. She gave a great blow job, but this was going to be a challenge. Katherine loved a challenge.

"Now, may I have a taste?" she asked when she noticed a big clear drop of precum forming.

"Not the way you want," Joe said. He took his thumb and wiped the head of his cock, then brought the liquid to Kate's lips. He pushed her bottom lip down gently with his thumb and rubbed. 

"There, now you can taste," he said.

Katherine licked her lips eagerly. Oh, the taste; slightly salty, a little bitter, always sweet to her. Joe was obviously satisfied with her response, because he put his thumb back to her lips and let her have another taste. When he was satisfied she had gotten it all, Joe pushed her back and climbed in bed beside her. They wrapped arms and legs around each other, More kisses, each one more passionate than the one before. They started with necks and ears, moved to lips, stayed there awhile. Joe kisses were slow, soft, and teasing. He would put his hands in her hair and pull her close, only to pull back when she responded in kind.
