 Chapter Three—Dr. Doctor

David Doctor, Ph.D. reminded Tessa of James Earl Jones. Big and tall and black, with a very authoritative voice. He was also very kind.

"Dr. Doctor?" Tessa inquired as the large man entered.

"There's no need to call me Dr., Miss Truman. I'm not a medical doctor, merely a Ph.D. despite the unfortunate surname. Pleased to meet you." He proffered his hand. He had such a kind, warm smile. Firm, friendly handshake.

"You too." And Tessa meant that. It had been quite a whirlwind morning, especially for a woman who'd been trying for so long to deny or hide the fact that she was a nymphomaniac. She just couldn't face it. But this morning it didn't seem so important to deny or hide her suspicions. It just seemed almost heavenly.

"My degree is in genetics, Miss Truman."

"So Dr. Williams told me."

"However, as one of the principles of the FNS Bank, it is also my responsibility to, ah, interview our employees."

"I understand," Tessa assured him.

"So, if you would be so kind as to merely touch me. Just for a moment."

"Certainly." Tessa placed her hand on Dr. David Doctor's fine tweed trousers. The immensity of his subsequent erection caused her to gasp, draw her hand back.

"Don't be frightened, Miss Truman."

"Tessa," Tessa whispered. "I'm not." Just impressed she thought, unzipping Dr. Doctor's pants for him.

"It might be less painful this first time if you turned around, leaned over the table a bit."

"Ah, God!" Tessa exclaimed, as Dr. Doctor entered her.

"I'm ... sorry ..."

"Don't ... be ..."

"It's always been ... more of an ... embarrassment ... to me than ..."

When it came, the ejaculation was as big as the Doctor. Tessa noticed Dr. Doctor carried a slightly larger vial. 

"Tessa, who didn't smoke, felt like lighting up a cigarette afterwards. She also felt like thanking him. Instead she asked, "Why is Mary Beth so, um,"

"Bitchy?" Dr. Doctor supplied.

"Exactly."

"Well," Dr. Doctor contemplated how to phrase it, "Larry and Donny are off limits—you must always remember that, all right?"

"Sure."

"They're genetically unfit for our purposes here at the institute, bank, that is. They have a combined I.Q. of, well, it doesn't matter, but they are definitely taboo, particularly to you. Also, they are mutes. One of the reasons they're working here."

"I understand," Tessa assured him, although the mute part confused her somewhat.

"And, well Mary Beth was not so very long ago caught sandwiched between Larry and Donny in the storage room. We consider her somewhat contaminated as a result."

"Oh. I see."

"Incidentally, we'll need to attain some background information on your husband or boyfriend. I'm assuming you're monogamous at this point?"

"Certainly." And Tess had been, too, for four long years, right up to the point she couldn't take it any longer and had seduced the 18 year old newspaper boy. She hadn't even really managed it, since Simon had come bursting through the door shortly after the unfortunate and adorable boy had entered her and moved in and out. Just twice. Even that being enough for the sex-starved Tessa to come.

And then Simon had to come in and nearly ruin the best orgasm she'd had in four years.

It was an embarrassingly painful memory.

What would you like to know?" Tessa inquired, then supplied, "I'm not married but I have been living, faithfully, with one man for four years. He's positively heterosexual, somewhat staunch and boring, and a junior bank executive." Tessa was rather surprised she'd blurted out such information. "Anything else you would like to know?"

"That will do nicely," Dr. Doctor smiled. For some reason Tessa loved that spaced-tooth smile. It was so reassuring.

"You may get dressed now, Miss Truman. Ah, Tessa."

"Thank you." And she meant it. She was longing to touch him again. Just one more time.

"I'll try to visit you later. Possibly this afternoon." Dr. Doctor said, perhaps guessing her thoughts.

"I'd like that." Tessa donned her black outfit.