 Chapter Fifteen—The Ladies Room

Two days later Tess walked into an FNS Bank's ladies room stall to discover Donny there waiting for her. He clamped his hand over Tess's mouth to stifle the scream, as Larry entered the stall and began tearing her clothes off. The boys had been deprived of this much-anticipated sandwich act in the gymnasium and were determined now to get their just desserts. 

Donny and Larry had just penetrated Tess in unison when she bit Donny's hand and let out the loudest "HELP!" she could muster before Donny slapped her.

It was loud enough for Dr. Doctor, who had been passing the ladies room, to hear and barge in to the rescue.

"You're fired, you maggots!" Dr. Doctor wrapped a trembling and grateful Tessa in his huge and soft suit coat.

"But before you go, boys, there will be the obligatory lay-off ceremony." Dr. Doctor was improvising but already had a plan in mind. "You'll love it, believe me."

Dr. Doctor marched the twins to the gymnasium where he instructed Mary Beth to meet them. Once there the doctor had her strap on the Best Man and enter Donny who was at the same time being forced to enter Larry. Mary Bet was having the sado-masochistic bisexual time of her life, as were Drs. Johnson, Smith and Williams from the Viewing Room above. The screams the twins might have emitted had they been capable of doing so would have been incredible. 

Dr. Doctor tried to comfort Tessa in his office.

"I'm ruined, now," Tess sobbed.

"What do you mean, dear?"

"You know, contaminated, by those...twin teenage mutants."

"Nonsense." Dr. Doctor suppressed a laugh.

"But you said Mary Beth was considered contaminated after she'd let them sandwich her."

The Doctor didn't suppress his laughter this time. "You're not contaminated, darling, believe me. I just threw that out on the spur of the moment when you inquired about her bitchiness, afraid if I told you of Mary Beth's true quirks, shall we say, you'd leave."

"I'd never leave you."

"The feeling is mutual."

Knowing the other FNS Bank Doctors would be preoccupied viewing the gymnasium scene taking place, Tess and Dr. Doctor then took full advantage of their privacy on his plushly carpeted office floor.

----------------------

The following day Dr. Doctor unwisely left a message with Mary Beth Wonton that he was taking a two week leave of absence to visit his parents. He intended to inform them of his plans to marry Tessa Truman.

Mary Beth Wonton, being her usual bitchy self, destroyed the note and informed Tessa that she had "no idea where Dr. Doctor had gone off to this time."

Tessa, broken hearted and totally confused, decided maybe it was time to leave FNS Bank. And most certainly time to leave Simon.

Chapter Sixteen—Resignations

"What! Wh wh wh what!" Dr. Smith sputtered, "is this?"

"My resignation," Tess admitted.

"No!"

"You can't do that!"

"I would ask that you reconsider," Dr. Johnson implored her.

"Yes, my dear. Please. Before you arrived it was awful, really." Dr. Williams added.

"Yes," Dr. Smith said, "before you it was nothing but Last Tango's butter scene, over and over again, day in and day out, nothing but..."

"That will do, Dr. Smith." Dr. Johnson's English reserve forbade him to tolerate any sort of begging on his part or that of his firm's partners. He also did not wish to reveal any inner secrets of FNS Bank to Tessa Truman or anyone else.

"I hope you will reconsider during the next two weeks, Ms. Truman." Dr. Johnson exited her office, indicating the other doctors should do the same, which they did.

---------------------------

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Simon demanded.

"Packing." Tess continued doing so.

"What the hell for?"

"I'm leaving." Tess slammed shut the last of her walking suit cases and drug them to the front door, under Simon's somewhat stupefied glare.

"Why, for fuck's sake?" Simon finally mustered.

"It's simple, Simon. I detest you."

"Oh yeah! And where in the hell did you learn a word like that? From those big fat financiers?"

"They're not financiers, Simon. They are owners of a sperm bank and also market paraphernalia."

The light finally dawned upon Simon.

"Why you..." sputtering, "whore, you, you..."

"Nymphomaniac is probably the word you're searching for. Funny, it used to roll off your tongue so easily."

Chapter Seventeen—The End; The Beginning.

As Tessa walked away from Simon's apartment and life, four walking suitcases trailing behind her, Dr. Doctor pulled up along side her in his black Jaguar.

"I've been looking all over for you, dear. They told me at FNS that you resigned."

"That's right. I did." She longed to ask him where he'd been, what was happening.

"I've been visiting my parents—Miss Wonton was supposed to have told you that—I was telling them about you."

"Wonderful."

"Yes. Yes, you are. I want to marry you, Tess."

"Oh, David..." Tessa began to crumble under the urgent need. Dr. Doctor, recognizing the need, had parked his Jaguar and held Tess closely. The impact with his enormous erection helped her. The good doctor then grabbed his cell phone and ordered the FNS chauffer to come around with an additional driver. "Soon, darling," he soothed Tessa.

When the stretch limousine arrived, Dr. Doctor had the spare driver take his car with Tessa's luggage in back to his home. The doctor and Tessa then fairly tumbled into the back of the limousine.

"Where to?" Asked the driver.

"Anywhere," the doctor replied, "for about an hour," looking at Tessa, "make it two." He rolled up the privacy window then and planted Tessa upon his released erection. She screamed with ecstasy. 

"You're all I'm ever going to need," Tessa assured Dr. Doctor.

"You know, I really wouldn't mind if you kept your job at FNS. If you want to, that is."

"Oh, you really are a darling, Doctor." And Tessa came again. And again...