 Author's Note: True story, names have been changed. Also my first story, so please by kind. Constructive criticism welcome.

**********

The party had been nice. Nothing too crazy or loud nor boring. Yet I still left early. It was missing something: Men. For some reason it had felt like a tiresome bachelorette party. I was on my way home even if I didn't feel like going home just yet. So when I went by the fancy 5-Star-Hotel I decided to take a breezer. I went past the concierge desk directly toward the lounge & bar. Not many people were around, slow jazzy music was playing in the background. It looked really fancy, not like something I would stay at, me being a first year college student and all.

I sat on an empty bar stool and put my purse before me. I knew I would need it in a second. The barkeeper came strolling towards me and asked what I wanted to drink. When I ordered a cocktail, he asked for my ID. But I was prepared. I checked my purse and offered my awesome fake ID I had been using for two months now. It was a work of art. He looked at it for a second and said he would be right back with my drink. Oh it felt great being fake 21. 

I took out my phone and started checking my messages and news and whatnot. The cocktail arrived. The barkeeper smiled at me, it seemed he was admiring my cleavage while trying to be all secretive about it. He failed. He was interested, that much was obvious. He was in his late 20s. Not my type. Too young, way too young. I took a sip of my drink. It was nice. Only three people were in the lounge this time of night and they all seemed busy with their own stuff. I had lounge music, a nice drink and peace. 

I was engrossed in my Facebook feed and all the weird stuff happening in other people's lives when I heard someone clear his throat right next to me. I looked up and saw him. He stood a few feet away, smiling at me, not lecherously, more a little embarrassed. He was in his mid to late 50s so I guessed. Nice suit, golden watch, almost bald, some grey patches on the side, piercing blue eyes behind some fancy rimless glasses and a little overweight. 

I smiled back at him with a surprised look on my face.

"Oh I'm sorry, Miss, I was just wondering if I might join you for a drink and some interesting conversation?"

Oh yes, he was nervous. He spoke very stilted and overly formal. I nodded, "Of course, take a seat." He seemed nice enough.

He sat on the barstool right next to me and his smile wouldn't leave his face. It seemed genuine; he was elated for some reason. Maybe because here was a young girl that didn't turn him down? Probably.

Though for me this wasn't anything unusual. I liked older men, but only the gentleman type. I appreciated their manners, experience and skills in life as well as the bedroom. College guys and guys my age in general seemed to be mainly thinking about themselves - at least in my experience. Sex always ended with them cumming too soon which left me to my own devices. Older skilled men on the other hand were all about experiencing every inch my body and teasing me until I exploded into a bunch of rainbows. I was soo into that one.

"My name is Andrew, and yours, Miss?"

"Call me Nikki. Can I call you Andy?"

He beamed. "Of course, I would like that very much."

We toasted with our glasses and drank.

"May I ask what a beautiful young woman like yourself is doing here that time of night?"

He called me a "Woman", not "Girl". I liked that.

"I was just heading home from a party and needed a little quiet me time. The drink is nice too."

"I apologize if I ruined your me time."

"Not all all, I like a good talk with interesting people now and then." I gave him a big smile. He seemed great so far. A total gentleman, good with words (and his tongue too I'm sure). He was no model but that wasn't what this was all about for me.

He smiled back. "You just called me interesting. No one has called me that for quite a while."

"Not even your wife? I doubt that."

"I'm divorced. 5 years now." 

"I'm sorry to hear that, Andy."

He beamed at hearing his nickname. "It's ok, it's for the best."

I got hornier the longer we talked. I wasn't into talking for hours right now. I needed some action. That damn overly feminine party had left me leaving unsatisfied. So I decided to go for it.

"Does that mean you haven't been with a woman for a while?"

He stared at me in mock shock. "You are quite the curious young woman, aren't you?"

"Sorry if I'm being blunt, but I'm really just curious."

"That's fine, I will answer your question. Let's just say that I am not as active as I would like to be. There aren't many women out there that are attracted to an old guy like me."

I shook my head. "I don't believe that for a second. You're polite, interesting, a real gentleman. Every woman would be lucky to have you. And anyway, age is just a number, right?!"

Seconds passed. He looked at me with his experienced steely blue eyes, his smile faded somewhat and he seemed more nervous when he asked: "You too? Would you be lucky to have me?"

I gave him my best mischievous grin, leaned closer and said with a wink: "Oh, I sooo would have you."

His beaming smile returned. It really lit up his face and made his wrinkles disappear. "Well, as it turns out I have a room at this hotel. Maybe we could go up and continue our conversation in a more intimate setting?"

I thought it over for a few seconds. He seemed nice, not dangerous, just a bit nervous, a real gentleman. Oh what the hell. I needed it and he was my type, so I said: "I would like that."

Ten minutes had passed since we started talking and now we were on our way to his hotel room. I felt a little dirty but also excited.

His room was huge, it was more like a suite. Then I noticed that I hadn't asked anything about him at all. Guess I really was horny.

"So what do you do, Andy, that you can afford this suite?"

"I'm in Import and Export. It's boring stuff really. You want another drink?" I nodded.

He seemed very secretive all of a sudden. Maybe I should have felt alarmed, but he was probably just eager to get into my panties.

We toasted once more and drank.

"So what you wanna talk about?" I asked innocently.

"I wanna talk about how beautiful and sexy you are. You look like the young goddess of love Aphrodite. I want to see and admire every inch of your fabulous body."

I felt flattered and got hornier every second. The alcohol helped. "So that means you want to see me naked. Is that, what you are saying, Andy?" I couldn't stop grinning.

"Yes that's exactly what it means."

Without saying another word, I put my purse down on the table and walked towards Andrew. He stood, his drink still in hand. I took it off him and placed it on the table beside my purse. Then I took his hand and lead him to the bed. I pushed him slightly with both hands until he sat down on the edge. I then walked a few steps backward away from him and stopped. There he was, all riled up and horny, his blue eyes full of lust. 

I felt sexy stripping in front of him. I kept smiling and started to unbutton my top. There already had been quite a bit of cleavage, but now I was about to set them both free completely. I wasn't wearing a bra, simply because I usually don't. My C cups were very perky, so much so that I had been asked before if they were fake. Well, they were not. Mother nature just really liked me.

Once I was done with opening my simple white cotton top which was more like a tiny tight jacked due to the front buttons, I let it fall to the floor. 

Andrew stared at my chest. He seemed very appreciative. "Those are the most perfect breasts I have ever seen in all my 57 years on this earth." Pause. "Can I touch them?"

I smiled and nodded, then slowly walked towards the older man sitting there on the edge of the king-sized bed. I stopped when my breasts were right in front of his face.

His hands came up and he cupped them slowly and very cautious. When I didn't object, he squeezed them more firmly, started to almost massage and maul them with his old scrappy hands. When he pinched my already erect nipples and rolled them between his thumb and forefinger, I couldn't help but close my eyes and moan. It felt so good.

Suddenly I felt his wet lips on my nipples. He was kissing them, nibbling them, yes even biting them slightly. It drove me wild.

From this point on he called the shots. I had lead him over the starting line, now it was his turn. Full of confidence, all nervousness forgotten, he roamed my tits with his hands and mouth. Then he abruptly stopped and stood up. He was only slightly taller than myself. He looked me in the eyes and said: "Do you mind I get a bit rougher from now on? Can I call you names?"

This change of attitude came a little sudden, but I didn't mind it. "Sure no problem, just don't use the c-word, I hate that one."

He grinned. "Noted, no c-word."

With one swift movement he pulled down my skirt and panties, let me step out of them and kept staring at me. I know I'm good looking, even if that may sound a little egocentric. My 5'6 trimmed tanned figure, the blonde long hair and the C-cup tits... well let's just say no one ever complained about my appearance - clothed or nude.

I was standing before him completely naked except for my heels. I felt like some adult model or something. It was awesome.

"This is too good to be true. You're flawless. This is my lucky day." Andrew whispered more to himself than anyone else.

He then undressed in like three seconds. I had never seen anything like that in my entire life. One second he was fully dressed, the next he was nude. As I guessed earlier he was slightly overweight, not sure if because of beer or just the lack of exercise. He wasn't hairy at all, almost bald to a point which I appreciated. He all in all may not have looked like a model or an attractive guy at that but he made up with his nice character and a well sized fat rock-hard cock that kept twitching impatiently. 

"Suck my cock!" he ordered. I looked at him. He was excited and nervous, his face took on a nice shade of red. He didn't do this often or hadn't done it in quite a while. He liked to think he was in control, so I played along. I knelt before him and took his hard member in my hand. I kept stroking it slowly up and down. He seemed to like my touch. He didn't close his eyes, instead he kept looking down on me and seemed to enjoy what he saw: a hot nude blonde teenager working on his old man dick.

"You're so fucking hot...!" is all he said.

I kept stroking, faster and faster. Then I stopped. I leaned down and kissed and licked the head, poked his peehole with my tongue. It tasted salty, but clean. I teased him a while before taking just the tip in my mouth. 

"Oh fuck yes, that feels soo good!" he almost screamed.

He wasn't huge but quite thick and a little wrinkly. I kept going down on his shaft, sliding his dick deeper and deeper into my mouth until my nose pressed against his fat belly and his cockhead poked my throat. I was good at this. I kept still for a bit, enjoying the feeling of old thick cock filling my mouth. Only then did I start in earnest. I bobbed up and down, going up until only his tip was still in my mouth and down until I bottomed up. And I kept increasing my speed while my tongue played with the underside of his dick, massaging all those sensitive spots. 

"Fuck yes, you're such a good little cocksucker!" I felt his cock twitching in my mouth, he was close... too close. So I stopped and his well lubricated hard yet still wrinkly old cock left my mouth with a loud 'plop'.

"Lie down, it's my turn!" I heard him say. I obeyed, knowing exactly what was about to happen. The old man was about to show his skills. Oh, I loved this part.

I lay down on my back and spread my legs. Andrew pushed me up the bed more and more until my head almost made contact with the headboard. He then lay on the bed as well, his head between my legs. He started kissing the insides of my upper thighs. They were very slow little kisses and licks, there was no urgency or hesitation in any of his actions. He just took his time and I liked it. He closed in on my most sensitive part but then he kept kissing down the other thigh not quite making it to my soft spot. He repeated that twice. Every time I thought he would finally touch my special place with his lips he changed course. It was exhilarating and frustrating at the same time. I started wincing and jerking my legs a little. I tried to push him towards the place I wanted him to go, but he still took his time. I was close to beg when his lips finally closed in on my glistening and by now overly wet pussy. I felt his mouth on my lips... soft kisses left and right. Then came the tongue. He licked right up my slit from my pucker to almost my clit which was already standing on attention while parting my lips further and further with every lick. By now I was squirming on the bed, my hands on his almost bald head, trying to push him deeper to where I needed him to go. 

And then my body shook. His tongue had finally found my clit and a jolt of electricity raced through my limbs. I wasn't quite there yet but close. So he kept working my clit, licking my slit, kissing my lips, it was all a blur. He didn't use his fingers though, but for a reason as I was soon to discover. 

And then my mind went blank, all thoughts washed aside as I came like a fucking madwoman. I screamed, my hips bucked into his face, my body shook, my limbs went numb. I kept breathing hard, my face flushed, my body sweating while I tried to come down from my orgasmic high. But old man Andrew wouldn't let me take a break. Even after I came hard, he kept on licking my slit and kissing my swollen pussy lips. He kept away from my clit for now knowing that would maybe be a bit much. Because of his ongoing ministrations it took me quite a while to come down from my bliss and kept the almost-there feeling going for a while.

I was still breathing hard, my tits heaving up and down, when Andrew exclaimed loudly: "I wanna fuck that tight young pussy of yours!"

I smiled and asked: "You got a rubber?" 

"Well no... damn. I didn't plan on doing this... well.. you know..."

"It's OK", I interrupted, "I do, they're in my purse."

"Of course you do." was all he said while walking to the desk to get a condom. 

What did he mean by "of course"? Maybe he thought of me like some kind of needy slut that gets taken few times a day and is always prepared. I didn't like the idea of he thinking of me like that. I had them in my purse because I had been at a party not 60 minutes ago, hoping to get some action when it turned out to be empty of men which is the reason he got lucky tonight. But I didn't say all that, there was no time anyway.

Within seconds he had put on the condom and was back at the bed.

Without saying another word or any kind of teasing or foreplay he climbed on the bed, lined his cock up to my entrance and pushed forward. I was already well lubricated or in other words sopping wet from my previous activities, but not stretched like I would have had he been using his fingers before. I was still really tight which made his sudden intrusion even more intense. It didn't hurt as much, it was just very much all at once and it made me cum almost on the spot.

Once he was inside up to the hilt he kept pumping away at me slowly. He withdrew until only the tip was still inside me and pushed forward in one big stroke until his old flappy balls slapped against my asscheeks. He continued doing so very slowly for a while which gave me time to get used to his size which was slightly above average. Then he started to increase his speed, all while staying completely quiet. He seemed to be concentrated on what he was doing. I loved this feeling. His cock was big and rock-hard, his fat belly scraped about my tummy with every movement, his red face was close to mine, his steely blue eyes locked with mine. I locked my arms around his neck and kept him close, lifted my head and kissed him. It was our first kiss I realized. He seemed shocked or at least surprised but eagerly kissed me back. While he was pumping away at me with increasing speed and power, our tongues did their own dancing. I was in heaven. That old man knew what he was doing. He may have been a little out of practice, but all seemed to have come back to him in an instant and I appreciated that.

After a while I couldn't keep my head up and slumped back down on the bed, looking him in the eyes while he kept working away at me. He stared at me with it felt like wonder or he just still couldn't believe his luck. I liked that look, it made me feel special. All of a sudden my vision blurred, I could feel the wave coming from far away, about to wash all over me. The orgasm was intense and I moaned and writhed in ecstasy. He came with me. The moment he felt my pussy contract around his dick he couldn't hold it any longer and came... and came... and came. I felt his cock twitch at least 7 or 8 times before that heavy and sweaty old man collapsed on top of me. 

He rolled off me, his limp wrinkly dick plopped free from my well used pussy, the rubber full to the hilt with old man cum. We kept laying there for a few minutes, getting back our breath.

"I'm gonna take a shower." he suddenly said while getting up and disappearing into the bathroom. I was about to ask him if I should join him but he was already gone. I heard the water running and a thought crossed my mind: Maybe I should just join him unannounced? A grin kept growing on my face while thinking about it. I was about to get up the bed when the water stopped running and Andrew came back into the room, wrapped in a towel. He started dressing while watching my nude self draped across the bed like I'm doing some playmate shoot.

He grinned. "You were awesome! I didn't have so much fun in a long time, so thank you for that, Nikki." Why was he already getting dressed? The night was young. Or maybe he just wanted a quickie, I could also understand that, he wasn't the youngest after all.

"When I approached you back in the bar, I wasn't sure you would go for me. You looked like way out of my league, but I thought 'Oh what the hell!' and went for it. I'm glad I did."

"So am I, Andy." I replied smiling.

"How old are you anyway? You look awfully young."

"I'm 19."

"So I just fucked a gorgeous 19 year old. I'm not gonna forget that night for quite a while."

He had finished dressing. He was back in his suit and fancy shoes. He went to the door when I asked: "Where are you going?"

"I'm going down to the bar for about 15 minutes. So that should give you enough time."

"Time for what?" I asked.

"To leave." was all he said. "So how much is it for an hour? 300, 400?"

I just stared at him, I couldn't compute what he was talking about.

"OK, you're right, the way you look, you're probably high-end. 600 an hour, huh?"

I just looked at him and somehow managed a smile.

"I knew it. You're not cheap, but worth every penny. You are honestly one of the hottest whores I ever seen. Maybe I will see you again when I'm back in town."

He opened his wallet and counted six 100 hundred dollar bills and left them on the desk right beside my purse.

He took a last look at me, smiled and said: "15 minutes, then you're gone, OK? Bye." He left the suite and closed the door.

I was still in shock. I hadn't said a single word even if I wanted to. I wanted to tell him that I am not a hooker. That I am just here for a fun one night stand. Soon shock turned into fury. Who the hell did that fat old man think he is? Calling me a hooker, a prostitute? ME?! What gave him that idea? Did I say or do something? Was it my fault? NO! He was an old ugly fat man and I was a beautiful young blonde. The idea that I would fuck him only because I wanted to and because I liked it probably never crossed his mind. His self-esteem was so low that for him I could only be in it for the money.
