 The bar was structured such that in order to get to the bar itself, one had to walk past all the booths and tables first. So when the door to Harry's Bar opened, and the woman in the black dress walked in, all eyes were on her by the time she got to the bar.

The woman was luscious. She looked to be about twenty-five, slender and toned. Her legs traveled up and up from her four-inch heels, past the hem of her dress and did not seem to end until her armpits. She had a succulent ass that was hugged closely by the dress, and her narrow waist gradually tapered up to full breasts the size of melons. Her hair was long, black and gleaming, and her eyes were a stormy blue with long black lashes. Her body screamed come-and-get-me.

A whole host of men were already getting to their feet, preparing to jockey for her attentions. But she walked with a purpose that gave them all pause. She slid onto a bar stool next to a man already seated there, nonchalantly pulled out a cigarette and asked, "Got a light?"

The man had been nursing a drink. He was moderately attractive, but seemingly way out of her league. He looked startled, fumbled around in his pockets for a few moments, and then regretfully shook his head no. She had just asked, "So what's a guy like you doing all by himself on a Friday night?" when one of the would-be pursuers flipped out a Zippo and held the flame up to her cigarette, which was still in her hand.

"Allow me," he said. He was one of those men who had been a stud in high school and college, with a buffed-to-the-max body and a gorgeous face. He was well dressed and had a silky smooth voice. The man on the bar stool next to the woman was about to accept defeat and slink away quietly, when the woman spoke.

"Excuse me," she said in a venomous tone. "Can't you see I'm trying to carry on a conversation?" She then turned back to the man on the other side, who was frozen in his tracks, half on and half off the stool. He offered a weakly triumphant smile to the other man, who stamped away, obviously upset. 

Another, equally attractive man from the same crowd approached her, and said, "Hey, baby, this guy's a loser. Why don't you come hang out with us?" He took a swig of his drink and smiled suggestively. He held out his own lighter.

She let him light her cigarette, and took a deep drag, forming a column of ash on the end. Leaning closer to him, she lowered her lashes, and he grinned, sensing victory. She then shocked him by tapping the column of ash into his drink, dropping the rest of the cigarette in whole, and watching as it fizzed out. "Get lost," she said in a sultry tone.

The man at the bar was stunned. "I'm Lisa," she smiled at him.

"John," he said in an unsteady voice, and offered her his hand. She took it, and held it a bit longer than necessary. 

"So, John," she purred. "What do you say we disappear?" She looked at the men she had spurned a moment before and their friends, who were still staring. "I'd like to get to know you better, if you don't mind."

He managed to say that he didn't mind at all, and would she like to go back to his place? The two exited Harry's Bar, climbed into John's small Ford and drove off toward his nearby house. No sooner had they entered the front door, than Lisa slammed the door, slid the bolt home and turned to John with a wanton look on her face.

"John, I have wanted you since I saw you. I have to have you, now."

His eyes widened and he pulled her toward the bedroom. "Let's get, uh, more comfortable," he suggested.

They almost didn't make it. She pounced on him halfway there, kissing him feverishly. He managed to drag her along with him to the bedroom as she unbuttoned his shirt. Lisa's dress seemed to be one smooth continuous piece of material; it was hard to find a grip on it to try to tug it off of her.

By the time they'd reached his room with its king-sized bed, she had his shirt entirely unbuttoned and halfway off. John broke away from her long enough to tug the remaining sleeve down his arm and let the shirt fall heedlessly to the floor. She reached for him again, but he stopped her. 

John pushed Lisa, fully clothed, back onto the bed. He fell next to her and began to feel her up through her dress. His hands began exploring her upper body through the thin stretch material. Lisa's body felt perfect-there were no signs of any figure flaws. It felt like she was not wearing underwear, either.

"Let me help you," she said seductively. She reached down and pulled the dress over her head in one fluid movement.

Her body took John's breath away. He had been wrong about the underwear; she was wearing an ultra-thin bra and a garter belt to hold up her black stockings. No panties. He took a moment to drink in this incredible woman before him.

The sheer material of her bra held her breasts up high, although they were obviously firm and needed no help. Her nipples pushed at the fabric, straining to stand up. Her stomach was flat and well toned, with just a hint of her ribcage visible. Lisa's hips flared outward, accentuating her small waist and ending in her long legs. The garter belt fit low around her hips but did not hide her mound, which was perfectly shaved and smooth. She still wore heels.

The bra fastened in the front, and she undid it with a flick of her fingers. Her lush tits sprang forth, the nipples free at last. John paused for a minute, then stepped forward, bent and took one of her nipples in his mouth.

Lisa moaned, and that was all the encouragement he needed. He continued to suck and lick, feeling the nub grow in his mouth. She reached down and undid his pants, while he kicked off his shoes. Soon he was naked, his face still buried in her fabulous chest.

Her hands caressed his upper body, then traveled south until they encountered his manhood. It was by now standing at full attention, and she began to fondle his shaft with one hand and gently grasp his balls with the other. He sighed in satisfaction. Pulling away from her, he took her tits in his hands and squeezed the silky flesh gently. Never taking his hands from her magnificent globes, he kissed his way down her body. When he reached just below her garter belt, he saw something that made him even harder-there was a drop of moisture traveling down her inner thigh. It could only have come from one place. 

He made her lie back down on the bed and spread her legs. He then dove face first into her smooth pussy.

Lisa screamed as John fiercely began to assail her clit with his tongue. He licked her sweet juices, which had now begun to flow copiously. Experimentally, he ran his tongue along her pussy lips. When she began to shudder in pre-orgasmic tremors, John suddenly plunged his middle finger into her now-soaking wet cunt.

The effect was immediate. Lisa came in a shuddering convulsion, the walls of her pussy clamping down on his finger. Her moans were now very loud. He didn't stop there; he began to finger her mercilessly, pressing down on her g-spot with every stroke. Very soon she was coming again, coating his hand with her liquids.

He took advantage of her temporary post-orgasmic paralysis to strip her of the garter belt, stockings and shoes. When John was finished, Lisa was tugging at him, trying to make him travel upward. "I need you inside me now," she said insistently, tugging on his cock. "Fuck me, John!"

But instead, he continued upward and straddled her chest. He rubbed his pre-cum all over her cleavage and proceeded to fuck her gorgeous tits. Her nipples were so hard, John wondered if they might fall off. Using his thumb and index finger, he rolled her nipples back and forth. After a few moments of this, to his surprise, she came again, although less violently. He reached back, dipped his finger into her pussy and licked it thoughtfully. "Tasty," he grinned.

He stopped well before he was going to come, and moved still higher. Before she could protest, he pushed his rock-hard cock into her moaning mouth. She began to suck hard immediately. Her tongue licked up and down his shaft, hitting all the good spots. She massaged his heavy balls as he pushed himself down her throat, burying all seven inches of himself to the hilt. Feeling her lips touching the base of his pole was very stimulating, and he started to pump his hips in and out.

Lisa knew exactly what to do with her tongue, and soon he was fucking her mouth with abandon, feeling the head go down her throat with each stroke. She never gagged once, and soon he was coming in long spurts straight into her stomach. He groaned loudly, "Lisa," as he came. She smiled broadly as she licked the last of his juice from him as he withdrew from her mouth. 

Before he could lose his hard-on, she began to squeeze and stroke him again. He was sure that he was finished, but was astonished to see that within a few moments he was ready to go again. Lisa pushed him onto his back, and then promptly impaled herself on his thick cock.

The sensation was so intense that John thought he was going to explode. Lisa's hot, wet cunt engulfed every square inch of John's cock. She was impossibly tight and she was practically steaming. She began to ride him like a demented jockey, her tits bouncing appealingly. He reached up and grabbed them, kneading them around with one hand and reaching to play with her clit with the other hand.

"Oh yes, John," she panted. "Fuck me good with your big thick cock. Make sure you cum deep inside me."

John took hold of her hips and began to push her down onto his thrusting shaft, meeting each stroke with an upward one of his own. Then he got her on her hands and knees, taking her doggy-style. His hips banged against hers with abandon, eliciting delighted squeals from Lisa as his cock head hit her g-spot at each thrust. She came, shrieking, her cunt walls threatening to suck his pole right off. When he sensed himself about to cum, he flipped her over again and had her put her ankles across his shoulders, for deep penetration. He felt himself sinking all the way into her juicy pussy, making audible squishing noises. 

John started pumping harder than ever, dimly wondering if she would end up with bruises. Her nails raked down his back, and he could feel one of them drawing blood. He found himself not caring. Lisa screamed, "Fuck me! Yes! This is so gooooooood..." Gasping, she came again, shaking forcefully under him, and he cried out, spraying his cum deep into her cunt, which was threatening to flood him out with its juices.

"So good," she murmured again in the afterglow, after he had rolled off her in exhaustion. Still twitching, she scooted over next to him, and he held her for a short period.

She smiled sleepily at him. Reaching over into his night table drawer, she retrieved two small boxes. Opening them, Lisa pulled out two rings. Holding his left hand, she slid the larger on his ring finger and the smaller on her own. "That was fun, babe," she purred. "Thanks for playing my favorite game."

"It is easy," he grinned, "when you have the most gorgeous wife in the world."

"I even got to blow off those guys in the bar!"

"And you got to just blow me," John grinned, hugging his wife. Life with Lisa was full of surprises. He couldn't wait to see what game his sexy other half wanted to play next!