 I met her in a bar.

It was a buddy of mine's birthday, and our crew had a corner booth in this joint downtown, drinking pints of beer. I was sitting with my back to the wall, as usual, so I could scope out the action, and I caught her looking my way. She was leaning over the brass rail of the bar, wearing tight blue jeans that showed off a real nice ass and black pumps that accentuated her curvy legs. She looked over her shoulder, sipping a martini, and when I caught her looking, she didn't look away. She had oval hazel eyes, a nice mix of green and brown, with a light of mischief, and her pretty face was framed by wavy brown hair down to her shoulders. She was sucking on that straw with rouged lips.

Just my type.

It was me who broke eye contact. While she was watching, I took the opportunity to stand up and offer a toast to my friend. That way she could hear my booming baritone and check me out at full height. I'm a big dude, 6'2" and 250 pounds of solid muscle from years of pumping iron. Some girls are intimidated by my size, others like it.

One thing I've learned is to play it cool and let women come to me. At the very least, I'll wait for a sign of interest, a subtle invitation, before I come up to one.

This one seemed to like what she saw.

I didn't make my move right away. After all, I was there for my buddy. We were drinking and I had my arm around him, telling stories to get all the boys laughing.

The brunette kept glancing over at me, but when she turned back to the bar, I'd steal glances at her body. The shape her waist, her hips and her ass was really something. Goddamn, I wanted her.

Then some guy came up to talk to her, and for a second I got worried that I had waited too long. He was an older guy in his thirties who was dressed business casual after office hours. I watched the body language, and she didn't seem too interested. She stayed facing the bar, not turning towards the guy, but she kept talking to him. I told myself she was stringing him along to run a jealousy triangle. I did it myself all the time, because it worked.

Goddamn, I wanted to fuck her.

After a while, the guy excused himself and went to the bathroom, so I took a deep breath in and out and walked over.

"How you doin'?" I said with a smile.

She returned the smile and kind of looked me up and down with a hint of amusement.

"Oh, you know, another night," she said noncommittally, feigning boredom.

"You here by yourself on a Friday night?"

"How do you know I'm not here with my boyfriend?" she said, arching her eyebrows.

"Because your boyfriend wouldn't be hanging back like that while another guy was talking to his woman," I said, and nodded to the front of the bar, where Business Casual was lingering around his friends uncertainly, standing while they sat on stools.

She smiled and waved at him.

The guy smiled back, but with a desperation that turned it into a grimace.

"I don't think he's coming back," I said.

"I guess I am here by myself," she said and sipped her drink.

"Well, not anymore," I said and nodded to the bartender. He was Latino, so I said, "Let me have a llave, bro."

"A what?" she said.

"He knows."

The bartender twisted off the cap of a cold Beck's and put it in front of me. I nodded my thanks and slipped him a tip.

"See that key?" I said to her, pointing at the label of the beer. "Key is llave in Spanish."

"Ah," she said. "You speak Spanish?"

"Just the dirty words," I grinned, leaning into the bar and taking a sip.

She looked me up and down again like she was appraising me. She was a solid girl, not some floozy, not no ditz, and not some pushover who fell for any line of bullshit.

I wondered if she was getting back at me for playing hard to get and ignoring her before.

"So where's your friends tonight?" I asked.

Now she turned to face me with her cleavage showing out of a low-cut wine red blouse that matched her lips, and she looked at me directly with those hazel eyes.

"My friends? Those cockblockers only get in the way. That's why I like to go out alone these days."

I looked back into those hazel eyes and we both held the sexual tension.

"I'm Tony," I said.

"Sandra."

We shook hands. Her hand was small, soft and warm, but her grip was firm.

"Pleasure," I said with a smile and squeezed her hand in both of mine.

Sandra's full lips curled up slowly into a slow smile that seemed to try to resist. Those lips made certain images flash in my mind, and right at that moment I could've sworn that she blushed ever so slightly.

"Jeez, you look like the cat who ate the canary," she said.

I shrugged. "Well, not yet, but I will."

Sandra took her hand back and picked up her drink to take a sip. Then she looked at me again, as if considering me.

"So tell me, Tony, are you always this self-assured? Or is it just an act, with the alcohol helping?"

I smiled again and put my hand on the small of her back. "Well, I guess you're going to find out, ain't you, Sandra?"

She didn't respond at first, sipping her drink, but right then I knew that I had her number. I had found my range with this girl - well, this young woman, to be exact.

We were standing there at the bar, and she kind of looked up at me, flicked up her eyebrows, and looked at me with a new softness in her hazel eyes, and I just looked back, but I felt calm now. We were comfortable.

Her drink was almost empty.

"You want another one?" I asked. "What is that?"

"No, that's okay," she said with a serious tone all of a sudden, and she pushed away from the bar. "I think I've had enough."

For a second my heart fell, like maybe she had just been flirting. Yet she wasn't going anywhere.

So I took my shot.

"Oh, yeah?" I said. "Then let's get out of here instead."

It came out like a challenge.

Sandra's gaze turned downright sultry. "Let's go."

"Gimme a minute."

I went over and said good night to my friends and shook hands with the birthday boy. I found the bartender and settled the whole tab. Then I offered Sandra the arm of my leather jacket, and she happily slipped her arm into mine. We walked past Business Casual and his friends.

Sandra smiled and said, "Bye."

I just winked at the guy, whose face looked like he'd been chewing lemons.

Out in the night, Sandra said, "I live around the corner."

I wondered if she came to that bar to pick up guys regularly, but I definitely wasn't going to ask her that.

She lived in a small walk-up bachelorette above a grocery store. We barely spoke as we walked. Then I let her walk up the steps ahead of her so I could check out her body. The flow of her hips and legs was rivery. She was slim and curvy at the same time. Sandra knew I was staring, and she turned back with an openly flirtatious grin.

"You like what you see, do you?"

"From the moment I laid eyes on you," I said.

She opened the door to her apartment. 

The place was small but neat, with leather furniture in a square around a carpet.

Sandra dropped her purse into a chair and then stood to face me with her hip cocked and her hands on her hips.

"So, Mr. Confident," she said, "now that you made it up here, what exactly do you intend to do about it?"

I took off my leather jacket and tossed it on the sofa.

Then I walked up to her and put my hand in her hair and we started making out heatedly, like all our pent-up desire spilled out into hot, wet, greedy kisses, our tongues swirling and flirting. Our mouths fit real well, so we could suck each other's lips and tongues. Finally I put my hands on her body, groping and gripping her waist under her shirt, her hips, her luscious ass over her tight jeans. She had her small, warm hands roaming over my back, and she moaned with an exhale of pleasure. She had a weakness, a real physical need for sex, and not the soft and gentle sort. No, this broad needed to get fucked hard and rough - which is probably why she gave me the eye in the first place. 

I was hard and rubbing up against her through our clothes. She broke the kiss for just a moment to peel my shirt off and her eyes widened with a slight smile as she looked at my chest and touched it. Then we were back to making out with abandon. Sandra slit her hand down to my crotch and felt my size, and then both her hands scrambled to undo my belt and unzip my pants. Then her warm hands were on my cock and it was my turn to groan with weakness, with need.

Our mouths departed with regret, but then Sandra sat down on her sofa and without hesitating took my cock deep into her mouth.

"Aw my Lord," I said as my breathing became jagged and my head rolled up towards the ceiling. 

Sandra's mouth engulfed and virtually gripped my dick, and she tightened her lips on the way out. The feeling was incredible. Right away I knew that she was a truly talented cocksucker. Most women are mediocre at best. They suck sock as if they don't really want to, as if they're only doing it to please you, and so they're half-hearted. 

Sandra didn't have to be asked, and she clearly enjoyed it. Enjoyed it, hell, I could see that she loved to suck cock. She was hungry for it, taking it deep with a passion, taking my cock deeper every time.

She pulled my pants and boxers down to my ankles for better access.

In a minute, she swallowed my cock all the way to the root - an incredible sight - with the tip pushing into her throat. Yet it still seemed like she wanted more.

Then she pulled the cock all the way out, took a quick breath, and took it all the way in again, with her lips tight around my dick the whole time. Sandra deepthroated me over and over, building up a good steady rhythm. At the same time, she cupped my balls and massaged them gently. 

God, it felt so good. It was one of the best blowjobs I'd ever gotten. Definitely in the top three.

"That's it, baby, suck that dick," I said. 

"That feels so fucking good."

I put my hands in her hair and she seemed to welcome it. The next thing I knew I was fucking her mouth like it was a pussy, and she looked up at me with a gleaming shine in her eyes.

"You like it when I fuck you in the mouth, baby?"

She kind of nodded with her eyes and continued to suck my dick.

It was amazing watching her full lips work up and down my shaft as it slid in and out.

Then she took it all the way down her throat and reached with her tongue for my balls.

"Oh my God," I said, as my eyes blurred from the pleasure.

After that she had to come up for breath and said with a naughty smile, "You like that, Tony?"

Just hearing her say my name like that turned me on like crazy.

I wanted to fuck her, and I couldn't wait.

I pulled her up and kissed her aggressively. She bit my lips a little, and then I was peeling her clothes off in a rush.

In a few seconds, she stood before me naked - slim, curvaceous and tanned, with her gorgeous tits out for me to squeeze and suck. She was fucking perfect.

I reached between her legs and found her soaking wet down there. I looked her in the eye and she was almost sheepish about it for a second.

I couldn't resist.

I pushed her down on the sofa and almost dove between her legs. I wanted to taste her pussy, her essence. That's one thing about me, I just love to eat young pussy. It's different if a broad is over thirty, but fresh young pussy is a true delicacy. Sandra was shaved smooth except for a tiny patch above the clit. Her juice was abundant and she tasted sweet and tangy. Delicious. Her hands were playing with my hair, holding her to her. I stuck my tongue into her opening at the bottom of the slit to get that nectar straight from the source. Sandra arched her back and moaned like crazy. "Oh, fuck," she moaned, "keep fucking doing that."

I ate her pussy with a passion for a few minutes, and then just as my cock started to soften a little, she said, "Climb on top of me. Fuck me in the mouth while you're doing that."

"Nah, you get on top of me," I said.

I laid back and she climbed on so eagerly that she almost kneed me in the head. We got into sixty-nine, and then we both went to town. God, eating her pussy while she was sucking my dick was divine. 

Neither one of us held back.

She sucked my cock until it was rock-hard again, and then she pulled it out of her mouth and started licking my balls and then my taint, everything moist now. I gripped her gorgeous ass in my palms and worked my tongue on her slit, her pussy lips, her hole, her thighs, and finally I pulled her down a little lower and ran my tongue over her smooth asshole.

Sandra kicked up into another gear altogether. She moaned loudly with her cock in my mouth and then pulled it out to say, "Oh, God, yes! That feels so good!"

I ate out her juicy booty and worked my tongue on her tight hole.

Inside, I was ecstatic, because on top of everything else, this gorgeous fuck-slut had a horny ass.

She had her hands on my taint and my balls, and she was sucking on me so hard that I felt the feeling change and cross over into that realm that approached orgasm.

"I need to fuck you," I said.

"Fuck me then. Fuck me, Tony."

She got off me, and I grabbed her and put her on her knees on the sofa, and stabbed my dick into her sopping wet cunt.

We both moaned in unison and slowed down for a second. Her pussy was hot and tight, and the next thing I knew, she gave me a little squeeze, almost like the way you squeeze a lover's hand in reassurance.

She looked incredible, with her beautiful curvy ass sticking up in the air and her back arched. I grabbed her waist and started pounding on her. She was so wet, I didn't need a slow build-up. I couldn't believe my luck that night. Her pussy was a perfect fit. It gripped my dick with the perfect pressure, and she squeeze every time I thrust deep inside her. She was moaning like crazy.

"Fuck me, Tony. Fuck my tight little pussy. Shit, that feels so good. Feels so fucking good. Fuck my little pussy."

"You like it when I fuck you like this?" I said, pulling her onto my dick roughly by her slim waist just above her ass.

"I love it," she groaned. She was fucking me back with each stroke.

"Yeah? You love it when I fuck you like a little bitch?"

I grabbed a handful of her hair at the back of her head in my first and pulled her head back as I banged away without any restraint whatsoever.

"I fucking love it," she screamed, and groaned as I thrust into her cervix. "I love how your big dick feels inside me."

"You're a horny little fucking slut, ain't you? You NEED to get fucked like this, don't you?"

"Yes, I'm a horny fucking little slut, Tony, fuck me. Fuck me like I deserve."

I gripped and slapped her ass.

"Who's fucking slut are you?" I demanded.

"I'm your fucking slut."

"Who's your boss?"

"You're my boss, Tony."

I bent my knees and spread my legs more and fucked her as hard as I possibly could. My dick was as hard as I remember it being, but I had the right angle, and despite the incredible friction of her warm wet cunt, I felt like I could last forever. I was so fucking horned up that I was too hard to come now.

Now I must confess, I'm a leg man, which means I'm really an ass man, and staring down at Sandra's gorgeous booty, I was stuck with a moment of crystal clear consciousness. I realized that this was one of the best moments of my life, now and forever, because fucking this amazing girl doggy style was one of the most pleasurable experiences of my life, and right then in that moment of clarity, I knew that this moment encapsulated my young life perfectly. I was halfway into my twenties and this is what my life was all about. This is why I made money, and developed my physique, and dressed sharp, and drove a slick car - all so I could attract girls like Sandra, although she was in a league of her own, an original.

"You got a great fucking ass, baby," I said, and I gripped it as I drove her back on those soft and firm mounds of flesh.

"You like it?" she said.

I answered by licking my thumb and then pushing it slowly inside her ass.

"Oh God," she groaned, and for a moment I feared that I had gone too far, but then she yelled out, "Oh, fuck, yes."

I fucked her with a steady aggressive rhythm while finger-fucking her ass with my thumb.

"Fuck, I'm going to come," she said, and as I pumped in and out, her pussy tightened up and she was screaming out her orgasm with complete unabashed joy, throwing her head up and down and side to side, with her wavy curls flying above the sofa.

Her pussy tightened up and her ass gripped down around my thumb as she came. I had to stop for a moment, otherwise I would have come too. It would've been good to come together, but I wasn't done yet.

After her orgasm subsided, she said, "Don't stop. Keep fucking me."

I kept pumping her, but I pulled my thumb out of her ass, and she reached back as if it was missing. She pulled her ass open to reveal more of her slick asshole to the open air, and then in a smoky, sultry tone, Sandra said, "Fuck my ass."

"With pleasure."

I pulled out of her pussy and pressed the tip of my dick against her ass.

Sandra moaned loudly as it popped inside without much resistance, and then I pushed it steadily all the way in.

She gripped the leather sofa with her hands and threw her head back. She looked like some feral creature, naked and wild. She made noises like it hurt, but the kind of hurt she liked - no, loved.

As I drove myself deeper inside her booty, that feeling of clarity returned and broadened. I was completely turned on, and yet I was calm at the same time - in complete control. Her ass was so tight around my dick that I could feel every inch of her flesh. In all the way, I stopped and just stood there. It was the strangest thing, I could feel a pulse in my cock or in her ass, I couldn't tell, as she gripped me with this airtight sheath. I took a few deep breaths, almost with a sense of Zen mindlessness, and then the animal instinct took over and I began to pump in and out, and she began to moan and thrash around on the sofa.

"Fuck me," she called out. "Fuck my ass, you macho fucker."

"I'll fuck you, you little ass slut," I muttered and then I fucked her ass as hard as I could.

Sandra was damn near wailing on the sofa, and after a few minutes, I knew I couldn't last much longer.

She must have sensed it, because as I punished her ass, she reached back to rub her pussy, and suddenly she was hollering uncontrollably. It was a stronger orgasm than before, plus I felt her warm juices squirting rhythmically against my thighs, once, twice, three big gushes, and Sandra's yell hit one long high note that hung in the night air before it ended. That's when I let go and shot rope after rope of cum deep in her ass. I've never done heroin, but as I felt a floating euphoria follow my orgasm, I imagined that's what it felt like.

For a few moments, I could barely see straight.

We were both covered it sweat. I kept my cock inside her while my hardness broke, and we stayed like that for a minute or two, while our jagged breathing recovered and regularized.

"Oh my God, what a fuck," Sandra finally said.

I laughed and pulled out and collapsed on the sofa and she sat against me. She kind of looked at me like, What the fuck was that? I nodded in agreement and took one deep breath after another. My heart was racing.

"Jesus fucking Christ," I said and ran a hand through my wet hair.

"I know, right?" she said. "That was..."

"Something else."

"That was a workout, to say the least," she said. 

"Sexercise?"

Sandra looked at me and said, "Where the hell did you come from? I mean, when I went out tonight, I was just hoping to hook up with some generically hot guy who could last longer than a few minutes. I didn't expect a giant Neanderthal fuck who pounds me in every hole like it's going out of style. I'll be sore for a week, you fucker."
