 Amy had not been in college long, but was often unhappy. She was doing fine with her studies, but less than pleased with her social life. She had left a boring small town full of young guys that didn't care anything about treating a woman right. After some very disappointing attempts at relationships, she had looked forward to college as a means of meeting new (and hopefully better) people. 

Yet somehow, the time she'd spent at school still wasn't living up to her expectations. Despite her attractive body and charming smile, she still couldn't seem to find the right kind of guy. Still lonely, and still hurting from previous guys cheating on her, lying to her, etc., she felt like something meaningful would never happen. 

Her older friend, Marie, was no stranger to the frustrations Amy was going through, and felt for her friend. A great deal of their conversations consisted of Amy getting advice from her wiser friend. 

"Am I being too picky?", Amy would often ask. "Maybe I should just give up and settle for the next guy who shows an interest." 

"Nonsense. You just need to be a little more patient. You've got a lot to offer-- you'll find your nice guy yet." 

"That's easy for your to say", complained Amy. "You've got Mike in your life. Sometimes I think you found the last good guy around." 

"Tell you what", Marie encouraged one evening on the phone, "Next Friday, why don't we go out for a night on the town. Mike has to work late that night, so you and I can go hang out at Lou's club for a while, and he can join us there later. We'll have some fun and maybe get you to meet some good guys." 

"Alright, Marie, I won't give up just yet. But I'm going to rely on your guidance this time. Don't let me make my usual mistakes and wind up with the wrong guy again." 

**************************

As she promised, Marie picked up Amy on Friday. Lou's was a low-key restaurant/club/bar owned and run by an old friend of Marie's. The music tended to be a little quieter than many typical clubs, so it was a more suitable place for conversation and getting to know new people. There was often a regular crowd, so the place was busy, but not overly full. 

Marie and Amy ordered some food and relaxed for a while. They traded some funny stories from recent events in their lives and just enjoyed catching up as friends do. 

After a bit, Marie asked, "So what do you think, Amy? Any guys here catch your interest?" 

"Gee, I'm not sure. I don't really see a lot of unattached guys in here tonight. Most of the good looking ones seem to be here with someone." 

"What about that quiet guy sitting by himself in that booth near the back?" Marie indicated a dark haired guy quietly hanging out alone. He had a good sized build, was a little on the rounder side, and appeared to be a few years older than Marie. 

"Hmmm... to be honest, I didn't even notice him until you said something. He looks shy. Either that or he's antisocial." Amy giggled. "What makes you think I should talk to him?" 

"Well for one, the quiet shy guys will often surprise you, Amy. But the real reason I pointed him out is he's been checking you out." 

"Get out! You are making that up!" 

"No, I'm serious. He's been doing a good job of only looking your way when you can't see. But he obviously didn't count on me keeping an eye on him." Marie smiled. 

"Well he is kinda cute. I guess it wouldn't hurt to go talk with him a little. What about you? I don't want to abandon you here." 

"Oh don't worry about me, I'll be fine. Plus Mike should be showing up before much longer anyway. You go have fun, girl." 

Amy screwed up her courage, took a deep breath, and slowly walked over to the booth with the dark haired guy. He was reading a newspaper and didn't notice Amy until she spoke. "I was wondering if you'd like a little company?" 

Looking up with a slightly startled expression, he recovered his wits enough to reply, "Oh sure! That would be nice." Then he broke into a somewhat silly grin. 

Amy slid into the seat opposite him. "What's so funny?" 

"Oh, sorry." He blushed a little. "It's rather unusual for a pretty woman to offer to sit with me, is all. But I'm very glad you did. I'm Doug. Can I get you a drink or something?" 

"Nice to meet you, Doug. I'm Amy. And you really don't need to get me anything." 

"Are you sure? I think it's the least I can do if you are going to keep me company. Not even one drink?" 

Amy hesitated for a second, then figured she'd level with him. "Well, to be honest with you Doug, I'm too young to be drinking in here. Lou, the owner, let's my friend Marie bring me here to hang out on the condition that I don't drink and get him in any trouble. So I appreciate your offer, but you see why I can't take you up on it." 

"Oh, that's fine, Amy. I certainly wouldn't want to cause any troubles. Thanks for being honest with me. How about a soft drink?" 

"Okay, an iced tea sounds good." 

Doug asked a passing waitress for a iced tea, then got a contemplative look on his face. 

"Everything okay?", inquired Amy. "You look like something is wrong." 

"Oh, sorry. I just realized if you aren't old enough to drink, you must be a lot younger than I thought." 

"I'm 19. Is that a problem?" 

"No, no... I just.. well, I guess I feel like kinda a silly old fool here talking to someone your age." 

"What do you mean? I don't care that you are a couple years older than me." 

"Well, it's more than just a couple", Doug said bashfully. "I tend to look younger than I am. Heck, if I shaved off my goatee I'd have a hard time even getting allowed in a place like this." 

"Oh, don't do that-- your beard looks great!" Amy blurted the words before she realized what she was saying, then looked down and blushed severely. 

Doug beamed at the compliment. "Thank you. I guess this age thing really isn't that big a deal when I think about it. At least I'm not quite old enough to have been your father." 

Amy laughed. "It doesn't bother me at all. If other people have a problem with it, to hell with them." Doug grinned at Amy's carefree attitude. 

Doug and Amy made some small talk for a while. The conversation went really well-- they shared interests in music and movies, and before long, Doug found himself opening up to this great woman despite his usual tendency to be shy. 

Amy was enjoying herself as well, and glanced over at Marie. Mike had arrived and the two were talking together and smiling. Amy shot a smile at Marie to let her know things were going well, and Marie grinned back. 

Doug invited Amy to dance, and they joined the other couples out on the dance floor. Amy was really have a fantastic time being close to Doug, and even worked in some teasing bump-and-grind moves to help show her enthusiasm. Doug couldn't believe his luck at this incredible woman giving him so much attention. 

Amy and Doug returned back to their booth after a bit, and Amy made sure to sit on the same side as Doug this time. Doug put his arm around her, and Amy cuddled up, feeling really safe and comfortable. She was in the middle of laughing at a funny story about one of Doug's friends, when Marie walked up. 

"Sorry to interrupt, but Mike just got an important call from work. He needs to bring his company car back, and I'm going to follow him out and give him a ride from there. Unfortunately, I guess that means you'll have to come with us now, Amy." 

Amy's disappointment at cutting the evening short was apparent on her face. Doug offered, "Amy, I understand if you need to go. But if you would like to stay for a while more, I'd be more than happy to offer you a ride home later." 

"Oh I couldn't ask you to do that, Doug." 

"You didn't ask-- I offered. It's really no trouble. Besides, if it means I get so spend longer here with you tonight, how could I not offer?" 

Amy broke out in a big smile. "Ah, thanks Doug. You are sweet. Just let me walk Marie out, and I'll be right back." 

As they walked towards the door, Marie looked at Amy. "You sure about this, hon? I don't like just leaving you here." 

"Marie, it's fine. I can take care of myself. And I really have a good feeling about him. I'll call you when I get home so you know everything is okay, alright?" 

"You better! I don't want to be up all night worrying about you." 

"You just don't want anything distracting you from your evening with Mike", Amy teased. 

"Shut up, you brat!" Marie smiled and gave Amy a friendly punch on the shoulder. "You just don't forget to call." 

**************************

A couple of hours later, after more talking, laughing, and dancing, the crowd in the club started to thin out, and Doug decided they should probably be heading out themselves. 

"Are you ready to depart, m'lady?", he jokingly asked. 

"Only if you escort me out", Amy played along. She hooked her arm through his and they headed out to Doug's car. A snowstorm had rolled in and there was already a couple inches on the ground. 

Doug drove slowly and carefully to Amy's place. By the time they pulled up her driveway, the snow was coming down even harder, and it was pretty late. Amy had to suppress a yawn as she called Marie to let her know she'd gotten home safely. 

"I'm glad to hear from you, Amy. The roads were already getting bad when Mike and I got home, and it's near white-out conditions outside here now. The weather report said the storm is moving in your direction, so you'll be getting the same before you know it." 

"Okay, thanks for letting me know, Marie. You have a great night now. I'll call you tomorrow." Amy turned to Doug. "Marie says even worse weather is heading this way. I dont' want you driving in it, Doug. Why don't you just stay at my place tonight?" 

"Well, I'll admit that might be safest. Thank you for the offer. Are you really sure you want me sleeping here, though? I mean, we did just meet tonight and all. I could always find a motel back in town if the snow gets too bad." 

"Nonsense! I want to know you are safe. I've got plenty of room in my apartment. Let's just get in and out of this snow already." 

Amy led Doug into the townhouse, and they shed their coats. "Can I get you anything, Doug?" 

"Thanks, but I think I'm good. You don't have to play the hostess. I already feel like I'm putting you out staying over here unexpectedly. I know it's pretty late, so I'll get comfy on the couch over there and let you go upstairs." 

"Doug, there's a nice spare room up there. I insist that you use it. It's way more comfortable than that old sofa, and... um... well I'd just prefer you upstairs in case I get scared by the storm." 

Amy showed Doug his guest room, and headed over to her room. "I'll be across the hall if you need anything. Just make yourself at home." 

Doug undressed for bed, deciding he'd just sleep in his t-shirt and boxers. He went to shut his door, and couldn't help noticing Amy's door was open part way. He decided to tiptoe out in the hall for a moment and then make a decision what to do from there. 

Meanwhile, Amy had removed her sweater, unbuttoned her jeans, and was struggling with her zipper. For some reason it was jammed, and she wondered if asking Doug for help would be too weird. "I guess I dont' have much choice" she thought to herself. She opened her door, only to find Doug standing in the hall. 

A little shocked to be caught there by Amy, Doug tripped over his words a little. "Oh, hi.. I was on my way to the bathroom, and you caught me... ha, ha." The fact that Amy was in just a bra distracted him intensely. 

"Doug, this is going to sound so stupid... but my zipper is stuck. Could you give me a hand?" Amy tried furiously not to blush at the embarrassing request. 

Recovering from his embarrassment at being caught in the hall, Doug cracked a smile. "I didn't expect a pretty girl was going to ask me to unzip her jeans tonight." 

"I guess it's your lucky night", Amy joked back. Suddenly remembering she was just in her bra, she felt an even deeper wave of embarrassment. "Oh, crap! I'm sorry-- I should cover up!" 

"Amy, it's cool. Honestly, I'm quite enjoying what I see." 

Amy's face turned even more red. "Can you please just help with this before I die of embarrassment?" 

Doug slowly placed one hand on the waist of Amy's jeans, admiring the smooth skin of her tummy. He placed the other hand on the zipper, a bit hesitantly as he realized where he was touching her. 

Amy thought "I can't belive I asked him to help with a zipper", then shuddered a little as Doug's fingers touched her. 

Doug gave a little tug up, then slowly slid the zipper down. His hands lingered just a second longer than they really should, then he moved them away before becoming too obvious. 

"Thanks" Amy mumbled, too embarrassed to look Doug in the face. 

"My pleasure" grinned Doug. After an uncomfortable moment, Doug turned back towards his room. "I should let you finish undressing in private." 

Amy didn't know what to say, and stood there frozen for a moment watching Doug return to his room. As she turned back to her bedroom, she realized there had appeared to be a bulge in the front of Doug's shorts. She shook her head a little to clear it of the confusion brought on by all the embarrassment, then finished removing her jeans and sat on the edge of her bed. 

Doug quickly returned to his room, figuring he'd only say or do something stupid if he didn't. He closed the door, clicked off the lights, and climbed into bed. He accidentally failed to shut the door tight, and in the dark didn't notice it swing partially open. 

Thinking back to touching Amy's body, Doug's mind raced as he imagined how incredible it would have been to take things further with her. He knew it was too soon to try to make that kind of move. But try as he might, he couldn't get the fantasy out of his mind. Doug decided that if he didn't help his body finish the reactions that were already building, he'd never get to sleep. 

Doug slipped off his clothes, figuring if he was quiet, Amy would never suspect what he was doing. His cock has already started to respond when he touched Amy's jeans, and now it took almost no time to grow to full length. With some slow deliberate strokes, Doug closed his eyes and gave into his desires. 

Meanwhile, Amy had recovered from her racing emotions, and realized that the big t-shirts she liked to sleep in were all still in her spare bedroom where Doug was. "Damn!" she thought. Glancing out her door, the hallway was dark, and she saw Doug's door was open part-way, but the room was dark as well. "Doug, are you awake?" she whispered. When Doug made no response, she figured he must have dozed off already. "Maybe I can get a shirt out his room quietly without waking him up." 

Wearing only her bra and panties, Amy tiptoed into the room, and started to move towards the shelves where she keep her extra folded shirts. The street light out front cast just enough light through the window that she could make out where she was headed. Glancing to the bed she could also see the outline of Doug's body. When the motion of his hand caught her eye, she froze. 

"Oh my gosh!" she screamed to herself in her mind. Amy tried to look away, but she couldn't pull her eyes off Doug's rigid cock, and his hand slowly stroking. She couldn't help thinking how good what he was doing must feel. A tingling sensation coursed through Amy's body and her knees felt weak. 

Amy leaned back on the doorframe for support, but the wood gave a slight creak. Blinded by panic, Amy froze again, unable to move. 

Doug's hand also stopped, and his eyes opened as he instinctively searched for the source of the sound. There stood Amy at the doorway, unmoving, her eyes locked on his hard cock. Doug didn't even dare breathe; he was scared and turned on at the same time. Blinking his eyes to make sure they weren't fooling him, he managed to whisper "Amy?" 

"Um... yes. I'm so sorry. I... I just needed to get a shirt, and I... um.... thought you were asleep." Amy stammered out the words, but couldn't move her eyes from Doug's cock. 

Doug tried to mumble a response, but didn't know what to do or say. He suddenly became aware of how horny he felt with Amy staring at him, and then realized she hadn't run away. Composing himself, he meekly suggested, "You... you can stay if you want."  

Amy felt more tingling as she became incredibly turned on, but couldn't move or answer. Doug began slowly moving his hand again, waiting to see how Amy responded. She gasped a little at his movement, but otherwise remained silent. 

Finally, she moved her gaze to Doug's face, and their eyes locked. Overcoming her shock, Amy began moving to the side of the bed, and Doug slowly sat up. 

Almost trance-like, Amy muttered, "I just came in to get some clothes." Doug sat on the edge of the low bed. Amy's gaze moved back down to his hard cock and then she slowly kneeled, bringing her face almost level with his. Doug placed his hands on her shoulders, and Amy trembled a bit at his touch. Then she tipped her head back to look at his face again, and Doug leaned forward to place a soft kiss on her lips. 

The touch of Doug's lips to hers triggered something within Amy, and she crushed her mouth to his. As Doug's arms wrapped around her back and pulled her close, Amy slid her hands up his thighs, and then gently grasped his cock. Excitement coursed through her body, and Doug moaned slightly at Amy's touch. 

Doug quickly unfastened Amy's bra, and they broke the kiss. Doug began sliding the bra down Amy's arms, then he moved his hands to her exposed perky breasts. Amy gasped at his touch, and began slowly stroking Doug's cock. Doug's fingers gently pinched Amy's nipples, and her body felt as if it was on fire. They kissed again, and this time Doug placed one hand on the back of Amy's head as their tongues intertwined. 

Amy then pulled her face away, flashed a cute smile at Doug, and suddenly bent forward and lapped her tongue at the tip of Doug's cock. She then lowered her head and wrapped her lips around his cock head. Doug groaned at the incredible feeling of her mouth on him. 

Amy lifted her mouth for a moment. "I've wanted to do this all night to you." Resuming her oral attention, Doug moaned at the combination of her touch and the sexiness of what she just revealed. He suddenly felt an overwhelming urge to return some of those amazing sensations to Amy. 

Gently lifting Amy's shoulders, Doug helped Amy back to her feet. He slowly placed his fingers on the waistband of her panties and began tugging them off. Doug gasped at the sight of Amy's trimmed pussy right at his face level. Just as Amy began to step out of her panties, Doug placed his hands on her ass and pulled her briskly to his face. His tongue snaked between the folds of her pussy lips. The warm wetness of her pussy tasted amazing, and Amy had to place her hand on top of Doug's head to balance herself from the feel of his tongue sliding over her clit. 

Realizing the difficulty of trying to maintain balance in this position, Doug began to lie back on the bed, and Amy quickly climbed on top of him, her legs straddling his face. Her mouth sought out Doug's cock once again as he buried his tongue inside her pussy. The sensations made her feel incredibly wet and naughty. Doug moved his tongue to Amy's clit and began slow deliberate licks of her most sensitive spot. 

As Doug moved his hands onto Amy's firm ass, the feeling of his tongue flicking her clit made her moan in ecstasy. Doug loved the feelings produced on his cock, both from the direct pleasure and the knowledge that he was adding to Amy's excitement. 

They continued to slurp and lick at each other in an ever increasing pace. Doug squeezed Amy's ass as she wrapped a hand around the portion of his shaft not already inside her mouth. The licking, sucking, groans, and moans steadily increased in speed and volume. Amy's body began to tremble as Doug's tongue brought her to the edge of orgasm. Doug could barely prevent bucking his hips at each movement of Amy's mouth. 
