 Copyright 2011 Del Edwards

She was dressed quite differently than she had been just a few minutes ago when he followed her home after their usual Sunday brunch. She liked to dress up as if she was going to church...heels, hose and a dress or blouse and skirt. They had walked to her car and she now stood between the car itself and the open driver's door partially concealing her from others who might be in the parking lot. She had taken the black leather collar from her purse. That was his cue to step closer to her so she could buckle it around his neck. His hands were busy unbuttoning her blouse. Their behavior had become routine in the last five weeks of the Sunday meetings. She eased onto the seat and bent forward hunching her shoulders so her blouse gaped open and he could see she was wearing a shelf bra...her nipples were clearly visible. "Follow me home like a little lost puppy and I'll give you an opportunity to have me," she said stroking his crotch to confirm the beginning of an erection.

Since the first time they met for brunch, Barbara's "collar rule" was in effect. That meant he had surrendered to her and he must obey all of her commands without complaint or comment. She had told him to get undressed on the patio while she changed in her bedroom. 

Several minutes later she exited the house to join him. She wasn't wearing much and her walk was slow and exaggerated. He immediately understood why. In addition to black heels and thigh-high stockings she wore only a pair of black spiked dog collars just above the stocking tops. He was enjoying the view of her naked and nearly perfect body noticing her breasts barely bounced due to her slow, waddling walk. "Wanna lap dance," she asked with a grin.

"Not while you're wearing those things," he responded.

"Okay, let's trade some pain," she suggested. She carefully closed on him and interlaced her fingers behind his neck. "Pinch my tits," she ordered. The sound she made was something between a groan and a growl when he dug his thumbnails into her nipples. He felt the sting of the spikes when she pulled herself firmly into him. She was working her thighs, driving the spikes deeper into him. He retaliated by increasing the pressure on her nipples and pulling hard until she gasped, breathing fast and shallow, issuing a sorrowful moan. Holding herself against him she challenged, "If you can figure a way to screw me without getting spiked, I'll let cha." She took two waddle-like steps back, turned away from him, bent over and said, "Same problem fuckin' me from behind, huh?' She smiled mischievously and added, "Probably get blooded eatin' my pussy too," pointing at the fresh blood spots on his thighs.

Barbara moved closer to him and slipped her left index finger behind his ballsack. Her thumb curled to meet it so his balls were in the palm of her hand. "Don't worry, I'll send you on your way well drained," she continued and spit on the first two fingers of her right hand and began to massage the underside of the head of his half-hard cock. She smiled and added, "Want me to jerk you off or leave a ring of lipstick around the base of your dick?" 

A week ago she had used black leather cuffs on his wrists and ankles to chain him spread eagle on her bed and then jacked him off. "The lipstick thing sounds like fun," he said. Three minutes later she had folded a large towel and placed it under his head as he lay on the small grassy portion of her back yard. She was kneeling on a second folded towel. Leaning forward slowly like a cat about to pounce, she took just the head of his hard, hot rod in her mouth and tongue-fluttered it until he moaned. Then she shifted to a slow, teasing head bob, swallowing a little more of him with each stroke of her lips and tongue. When fatigue and cramping began to settle into her arms and shoulders, she went back to the tongue flutter and used the ample supply of her saliva as lubricant to stroke his shaft. He erupted with a long grunt in less than thirty seconds. Continuing the tongue flutter she let his cum leak out of her mouth and run down his shaft until he protested. Then she rocked back onto her heels and smiled as she surveyed the mixture of lipstick, cum and spit pooled around the base of his softening cock. 

The sharp pain in her upper calves told her she had spiked herself. Going into a high kneeling position she unbuckled the collars and tossed them aside. Leaning back, she caught herself with her hands and arms, shifted into a sitting position, lowered herself onto her elbows. Spreading her legs wide she ordered, "Kiss and lick my clit till I scream." Eleven minutes later she screamed and the neighbors thought about calling 911 but decided to wait until they heard it again before fore they called.