 In the year following our trip to Jamaica Barbara B. and I took a camping trip to the Outer Banks of North Carolina. Again we dropped off Herbert, her son, with his grandma; she lived in North Carolina.

We had decided to camp on the beach. Even though it was late summer the part of the beach we camped on was very empty and we saw no other cars in the parking lot from where we hiked in. We sunned in the nude, swam in the nude, and made love outdoors and saw not a soul. On the evening before we were to depart to pick up Herbert, continue our vacation and drive back to Michigan we decided to do some laundry. The park had a combined laundry and shower facility so we gathered up our clothes and towels and headed for it. It was towards dusk and no one was around.

We were putting our clothes into two washing machines when Barbara had the frisky idea that we should put everything we had except our bath towels into the machines and then go take a shower in the men's shower room. She was feeling very daring and had always wanted to get caught in the men's shower room. So that's what we did, but absolutely nothing happened except that we showered each other up and got all that more aroused.

Still wrapped in only bath towels we transferred our clothes to two dryers and waited, but not for long. The sight of Barbara's beautiful brown body wrapped in only a white towel got me excited. We started kissing at first and before you know it I was fucking Barb standing in front of one of the dryers which she was sitting back on in order to take my cock up inside of her. The heat and rhythms of the dryer plus the methodical thrusting of my cock soon had both of us quivering through a great pair of orgasms.

"Bravo," we heard at the moment of climax. Barbara and I looked towards the door where that had come from. There stood a tall, very white, red headed man and his short Asian wife wrapped in bath towels like Barbara and I had been. Their hair was wet so I assumed that they had just been in the shower like Barb and I had been. Given our circumstances of standing there in flagrante I stupidly asked, "Have you been showering? We didn't hear the water running."

Then Barbara joined me in dumb remarks by self-consciously asking the couple, "Do you need to use the laundry?"

Jerry responded wittily, "No...Loan and I are just fine watching the show." Loan dropped her towel first, and then Jerry did. Loan walked straight up to us butt naked, rested her hand on my bare ass, and said, "You have good form. Give woman much pleasure." And then she caressed Barbara's hip and said, "You still very warm and hot." Then she moved her hand to Barbara's belly and said, "Jerry could make much hotter." Her hand cupped Barbara's smooth, brown belly.

Barbara and I just stood there still joined and not having a clue how to react to a couple who weren't shocked catching us in the middle of having intercourse and a woman who felt no shame at touching our naked bodies. I felt my cock stiffen inside of Barbara's vagina and I heard Barbara let out a little moan.

Loan pointed back to Jerry who was coming across the laundry room towards us and said pointing down at Jerry's crotch. "You find much pleasure from my husband, Jerry. He pleasure you many, many times, beautiful brown girl." She stroked Barbara's naked hip again which caused Barbara to shudder; her nipples also got very hard and erect. She was looking at Jerry.

It was then I noticed Jerry's cock. Jerry's groin was covered with a tangle of bright red pubic hair, his balls were huge and tight up against his cock, and his cock was thin, but very long. His cock must have been eight inches long and was tipped with an enormous mushroom cap of a head and by the way that it swung back and forth as he walked he wasn't even erect. I could only imagine how large his cock would get when aroused. 

Loan asked as she began to stroke Barbara's hip, "You likey??" She slid her hand across Barbara's belly and down to where we were joined together. "You wet...you full...you likey!!" Without warning Loan wriggled her finger vigorously against Barbara's swollen clit and Barbara moaned out loud. Quickly Loan's fingers encircled my cock and slid it out and drew me back from the edge of the dryer.

Just that quick Jerry was in front of Barbara and his fingers took up where Loan's had stopped, continuing to vibrate Barbara's clit. She helplessly moaned, quivered, and rocked back with another orgasm. Just that quick Jerry's cock found its mark and entered my wife's pussy. For a moment Barbara looked at me with a pained look, like what should she do, and then quickly succumbed to the pleasure Jerry's fingers, lips, and cock coaxed out of her. As I watched, Jerry kissed Barbara's face, neck and ears, caressed her torso, her breasts and her butt with his hands, and slowly entered and withdrew from Barbara's wet, engorged pussy. My wife was soon kissing Jerry on the mouth and was locking her legs around his waist.

Loan knelt in front of me and not skipping a beat went from sliding her hand up and down the slippery shaft of my cock to engulfing it with her mouth and tongue. Now I was moaning along with Barbara, as I leaned against the laundry machines and my legs grew weak. I watched for a little while as my Barbara yielded to Jerry's thrusting hips and then I blacked out from the swirling tongue and sucking lips that Loan was working my cock with. She continued right through my orgasm swallowing every last bit of semen that squirted out of me.

When I opened my eyes my Barbara was gone!!! I panicked. 

Loan said, "She OK. I take you to her. We walked outside of the laundry room and there in the parking lot was a gorgeous self-contained motor home. As we approached the motor home I could hear Barbara's voice calling out, "Oh G-o-o-o-o-o-od!!! Jerry!!! Oh, G-o-o-o-o-o-d! Ohmigod...Jerry...no,no,no...ye-e-e-s...ohmigod, ohmigod, ohmigod," followed by a long, loud moan building to a scream as if Barbara were being split open by Jerry's cock.

I rushed to open the door and rescue Barbara. It sounded as if Jerry were hurting Barbara.

Loan said, "Go, go! See for yourself. She OK. She makey fuck-fuck with Jerry"

I entered the motor home and walked towards the sounds of Barbara grunting and moaning. From the sounds I could tell she was engaged in sex. My Barbara was fucking a total stranger. Then I came to the entrance to the bedroom Jerry and Barbara were in. 

My Barbara wasn't just having intercourse with a stranger. She was FUCKING him for all she was worth. As I watched Barbara had her legs spread wide and up in the air so that Jerry was being offered a most intimate view of Barbara's pink labial folds and the deep hollow of her wide open vagina. As he once again entered her pussy with what now looked like a long, erect cock of some 12", Barbara thrust her belly up to meet his and grabbed frantically at Jerry's hips, as if she couldn't get enough of his cock inside of her and couldn't get it quickly enough. As his very long cock penetrated her deeper she began with the moaning, and then the ohmigods and then more moaning. My wife's body was glistening with perspiration, her breasts, her butt and her hips were quivering with orgasmic shudders and she was soon locked all around Jerry as if he were her god of sex. Despite all of our years together she was giving herself completely to this red-headed man who was fucking the living daylights out of her.

Loan pulled me away before Barbara reached another climax, but as we walked to the bedroom in another part of the motor home I heard Barbara screaming out again. Loan kept me occupied with sex all night but always I heard Barbara's sometimes helpless, sometimes animalistic, sometimes begging, sometimes wild utterances and cries as Jerry fucked her good.

The next morning Barbara woke me up in Loan's bed and naked we left Loan and Jerry's motor home after hugs and goodbyes, picked up our clothes from the laundry room and walked naked back to our tent to pack up. It was then that Barbara related her experience.

"Mark, when we were discovered having intercourse in a public place I was terrified at first but also aroused that someone was watching us have sex and wasn't shocked. In fact they thought we were quite good. And when Loan caressed my naked skin with her hands I felt a shudder flow through me that was clearly sexual. And then when she fingered me I came and like that Jerry was inside of me.

"At first I felt that this stranger was about to rape me and I was frightened. But that long penis of his with that huge, engorged knob on the end began to have its effects on my insides. I quickly succumbed to his thrusts and became his whore. I'm sorry, dear, I became his whore. He fucked me like we've never fucked before.

"Mark, we have made love so many times and I've had my experiences at the Hungry Duck, but what Jerry did to me was beyond anything my body and mind had experienced. I became a woman craving his dick. I couldn't get enough of the length of the shaft of his cock slowly sliding against my pussy lips and the walls of my vagina and the thickness of his knob probing my insides.

"All night long I couldn't stop myself. The knob on his dick just made me creamier as in and out and in and out it slid. The walls of my pussy squeezed and slipperiness lubricated me so I could take his long penis with the large head deeper and deeper inside of me. My vagina softened around his beautiful penis and moved against every bump and knob of that thing hanging between Jerry's legs. Finally he broke through my cervix and I actually felt his thrusts inside my womb. That was a whole new level of intercourse for me. I had the desperate urge to have him leave seed in my womb. I opened my legs wider, I thrust my hips tighter against him, and I pressed my body tight against him just so that wonderful dick of his would penetrate me deeper.

"Several times Jerry lifted my hips way up and penetrated me both anally and vaginally. With three fingers he worked my vagina and my g-spot while at the same time sliding that deliciously knobbed dick up my anus. Mark, I opened my legs and offered him my openings as open as I could. I wanted to be penetrated and keep the continuous waves of orgasms coursing through my vagina, my clitoris, my anus, and the rest of my body.

"After hours of penetration and pleasure Jerry cleaned me up with his tongue and kissed me all over with his lips. His tongue teased my nipples and then he suckled each gently. Then he kissed my neck, my face and lastly my mouth and tongue oh so gently. Then turning me over slowly on to my face his kisses and tongue trailed down my back and down to the crease of my butt. He slowly opened my cheeks up and his tongue swirled down between them and then stopped at my anus. He then swirled his tongue around my anus and then I felt his tongue slowly penetrate and rim my anus. Then he massaged my shoulders, my back and my butt and ran his thumb down the crease of my butt and slowly slid his thumb deep in my anus while placing kisses all over my back and my butt.

"He then moved on to my vagina. He slipped his other thumb inside of me and again while gently massaging my opening he rained kisses onto my back and my butt and massaged my back and my butt. Lastly he turned me slowly over onto my back again and his tongue worked in and out of the folds of my pussy while his hands massaged my thighs and hips.

"We then spooned and fell asleep together. I was still quite wet so Jerry easily penetrated me again and we slept joined like that. The length of Jerry's dick prevented it from slipping out. When I woke this morning I looked down and still saw the shaft of his pink dick trailing out of me. We didn't repeat what we did the night before but instead Jerry slowly slid out of me, kissed me and we walked down the hall to find you and Loan.

"Makes me horny just thinking about it." 

We stopped packing and proceeded to fuck with abandon on the beach, oblivious to anyone who might be passing by. Barbara was absolutely ravenous about me penetrating her as deep as my cock could go. But I wasn't Jerry and didn't have either his length or the huge knobbed head on my cock. Still we kept having fun and this event lessened Barbara's inhibitions even further. However every year she would head down to her mom's place in North Carolina and spend a week there. I knew that Jerry and Loan were giving Barbara what I couldn't and had days not just one night to drive her sexually mad. She always came back energized, loving, and refreshed.