 Let me know that you think

A synopsis

Barbara's story: Barbara, a recently divorced redhead, experiences a sexual awakening with her sexually adventurous married friends, Jim and Janine. Her experiences with them change her from an insecure, bitter divorcee to a woman with a renewed passion for life and all it has to offer, especially sex. Through Jim and Janine's coaching, Barbara discovers and experiences sides of herself she never imagined. Her journey leaves her fully in charge of her sexuality in all its forms and flavors. Having left her sexually unfullfilling lifestyle behind, she undertakes a journey of self-exploration and development and becomes a renewed woman

"Damn him, I hate that bastard," Barbara fired. The divorce was finalized, but the ink and the pain were still fresh. "Give me another margarita." she said

Janine helped herself to another and poured Barbara's second. "Time to let go, Barbara.” Janine hated seeing her friend like this. But it had been this way and worse since she and Rick separated, got back together, and separated again for good. Getting back together rarely seemed to work out. It was over now though. Easy for Janine to say. She was happily married to a man who was devoted to her and with whom life was interesting, especially their sex lives. Jim went out of his way to keep things interesting and Janine did, too. Boredom killed Barbara's marriage and suffocated her soul she thought. She just couldn't say that. But, she knew it was true. Barbara began complaining about Rick a year ago

Then they started arguing about money and finances. They stopped enjoying each other's company. They stopped having sex. That continued a slow, steady, painful slide that had been excruciating to watch and to hear about. So much bitterness, anger, guilt, and worry

Janine felt for her friend. Maybe she could lift her spirits. Maybe she could accomplish something else

"Oh, that's a good margarita, even if I say so myself.”

"Yeah, it is good, thanks. I'm sorry to burden you with my problems." 

"That's life sometimes," replied Janine, matter of factly, joining her on the sofa. "We lost interest in each other, stopped caring. That’s what happened and then it was all down hill." 

"Well, you've still got friends." Janine and her husband, Jim, lived in the same cul-de-sac as Barbara and Rick. They had a pool and invited friends and neighbors over. Barb did like to swim and sometimes they did, like today. She wouldn't stay in the sun long her lite complexion made her burn easily. That was one thing you dealt with being a red head

Lately, Barbara came over mostly for consolation. Dried off, they shared margaritas. 

"Look at the bright side your attractive and single. You get to start over." This didn't cheer up Barbara who was feeling undesirable, unattractive, and miserable to boot. 

"I hate the dating scene I am just not comfortable with it," she complained twisting her hair around her fingers

"You're just feeling insecure right now that's all." She thought Barbara was actually quite beautiful and exotic with her shoulder length red hair, freckles, and milky white complexion. Truth be told too she was also jealous of Barbara's voluptuous figure. Barbara was generously shaped with curves in all the right places. Barb breasts were larger than her own. They were well rounded and large. Her's were less than a handful she ruminated, but you have to work with what you’ve got and Jim really liked hers. She liked the way Barbara's breasts strained the fabric of her bikini top threatening literally to bust out. Barb's thighs were well rounded and proportional to her body and she had a crease beneath her buttocks that her suit complemented. Voluptuous and feminine, Janine thought enviously, and she doesn't even know it

Janine, on the other hand, was slim and her curves were smaller not as dramatic as Barbara's, but she was no less appealing to the eye. She thought her best features was her long tanned legs and she showed them off every chance she got. Her breasts were small, pert, and upturned and they jiggled pleasantly when she walked. Barbara secretly envied Janine's heart shaped ass

"Jim said he finds you attractive." 

"What?" she replied at once shocked, flattered, but disbelieving, 

"He did?" she asked doubtfully

"Yes, several times I caught him checking you out." Janine reported with a mystifying smile. "I saw him eyeing your breasts and ass when he thought I wasn't looking." she said her smile mischievously widening, 

"I asked him about it. You know, if he found you attractive. He said he did."

"Gosh, I don't know what to say." Barbara was flabbergasted, sure she had had her fantasies even while she was still married. But this, this was something different

"Don't say anything silly, just accept it. You are still attractive to men." Feeling better now, Barbara relaxed with a sigh. The thought that Jim found her attractive stuck in her mind lie a seed waiting to blossom

"And women," Janine added, in a moment of confession. 

"Huh?" said Barb. Janine having experienced sex with women found herself attracted to Barbara. 

"Well, its not only men that can find you attractive, silly." Barbara felt a blush come on that warmed her face and chest. She was almost dry now, but felt a little chill sweep through her bikini clad body. Goose pimples raised on her arms. It was more than just the chill of the semi-damp cloth. Janine moved a little closer, looked into Barb's eyes. "I think you're an attractive woman too, Barbara." 

"Thanks," replied weakly she felt self-conscious and somewhat uncomfortable at Janine's surprising revelation. Yet, something stirred within her. It was a strange, titilating sensation, not unpleasant, not at all. Was she becoming aroused? Janine moved closer her hand brushed Barbara's cheek. Realizing what was happening heat flooded into Barbara's face. 

"I was jealous when I saw Jim checking you out. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized I was jealous of how gooood you looked." she said drawing it out. 

"I was jealous of how much more you've got than I do. Of how big your breasts are and of how sexy you look in your bikini." 

"But you look so much better than I do. I was jealous of you." Barbara declared with genuine surprise and upended her margarita. Maybe that would relax her. Janine smiled

Reel her in and she’ll be mine. 

"I got over that because I realized that I was attracted to you, too." Barbara's head began to swim with Janine's revelation and the alcohol she had consumed. Janine now moved closer her small breast brushing Barbara's shoulder. 

"I've always thought that you were more attractive than me!" Barbara replied and giggled nervously not knowing what to say next. What should she do? What could she do? Her best friend for 5 years was coming on to her 

"Have you ever been with another woman?" asked Janine. She gazed into Barbara’s eyes

"No." 

"Have you ever thought about it?" 

"Well, yes, sometimes, but I ..." Janine moved closer still pressing gently but insistently into Barbara's space. 

"Barbara, I've been with other women and its not like being with a man at all. Women know how to touch other women. Its a woman's thing - to know that - you know." Janine's hand caressed Barb's forearm and her goose pimples subsided. Her racing heart did not

Janine knew the critical moment was coming when Barbara might bolt. She leaned forward and kissed Barbara's jaw and intertwined her fingers with Barb's. Barb let out a sigh and felt a familiar twinge between her legs. She was getting aroused. This can’t be happening

No, its wrong. It had been so long since she had gotten off proper. Sure she had her vibrator at home and had a collection of things she did to please herself, some very naughty she thought. But, it wasn't the same as being with somebody. She'd been alone too long. Her body responded to Janine's attentions, but her tentative mind refused to follow

"I don't know..." But Barbara's body knew and her stiffening nipples told Janine so as they pushed against the fabric of her straining top. Janine noticed and Barbara noticed Janine noticing. Janine placed her hand along side Barbara's face and drew Barb's lips to hers. 

"I know." Their lips pressed together and Janine felt Barb's resistance melt away with a sigh as she slipped her hand up into Barb's red hair and felt its cool dampness. Unlocking their lips, Barbara, looked flushed. She didn't resist as Janine took her hand and led her from the sofa saying with a reassuring smile, "Come on, it'll be fun." Together, they walked down the hallway to the bedroom. Barbara's heart raced. She was afraid and excited

"What about Jim?" 

"Oh, He won't be back until after six. We've got all afternoon." A smiling picture of Jim and Janine hung on the wall. They embraced at the foot of the bed. Their bodies pressed together and Janine's pert breasts pressed into Barbara's. Their hands wandered caressing each other's skin and curves, soft and delicate. Heat and passion began building between them. 

"Time to loose these," said Janine and she unhooked her top letting it fall exposing her pert, upturned breasts with erect nipples at proud attention. She undid Barbara's top enjoying her friend's milky, freckled complexion and the nervous, naive expression on her face

It didn't fall. Her top clung to her large breasts. Janine took the fabric and began to uncover her breasts. Her breathing quickened. Barbara's breasts were milky white and speckled generously with freckles. She had large, pink areolas which were very sensitive. They were erect and aching for attention, too. She had always had sensitive breasts. There were times when she was able to orgasm just by playing with her breasts. Her top dropped to the floor and Janine moved closer until there breasts were pressing together. Janine's hard brown nipples burned into Barbara's sensitive areolas. Janine's tongue sought Barb's and they played together ducking, diving, caressing, and sucking each other. Janine rubbed her breasts into Barbara's sensitive flesh. Barbara moaned

An experienced lover, Janine was going to torture her friend's obviously sensitive breasts

Nobody with nipples that big didn't have sensitive breasts. She had often fantasized about Barbara's breasts. She'd seen them several times when they changed together. Janine took a handful of Barb's hair and pulled her head back. Her warm mouth left Barbara’s and kissed down her jaw line to her neck. She pressed her lips into Barb's flesh

Under the pressure and heat, Barb backed up into the wall as Janine continued her oral assault, her tongue probing, pressing into her flesh, alternating with her lips, sucking

"Ohh, yess." Her knees weakened. Janine's hands sought her forearms and then her wrists and she grasped them and forced them up and out leaving Barbara's titts hanging pendulously, open to Janine's wanton attentions. Barbara’s face was flushed. Her breaths rapid and short under Janine's assault. Barbara's pleasure box was awake and it demanded attention

Kissing down her throat, Janine pressed harder in response to Barb's moans and sighs

"Are you enjoying this or should I stop?" She playfully asked. Smiling and yet serious Barbara responded, "Please, don't stop. Please." Janine smiled and continued. You're all mine now and she smiled inwardly thinking of the future surprises and pleasures that awaited Barbara. This was just the beginning. She had started the tape hadn't she? Yes. Jim was going to enjoy watching this

Barbara orgasmed once as a man played with her titts. She enjoyed teasing her breasts when she masturbated. Sometimes, she would get off just stimulating them. Those sometimes had been when she fantasized about Jim

Now, though she wasn't in control. Her back was pressed up against the wall and Jim’s wife was stroking the outline of her breasts with her fingers. Barb's areolas were becoming erect, They ached with pleasure. Barbara's nipples took some time to become fully erect, but when they did the were a hot line to her pussy. Barb was anxious for Janine's touch. Desperate for it. A sigh escaped her lips. Janine hands encircled her breasts from below not touching her areolas. Janine squeezed Barbara's breasts. Barb gasped. And Janine squeezed her again and then again harder. 

"Uhhh.” Barbara didn't think it was possible, but her nipples got even harder and ached even more for Janine's touch. Janine caressed the tips of Barbara’s nipples nudging them back and forth eliciting breathless moans from her. She took her finger tips and placed them on the flesh around Barbara's areolas and squeezed. Barbara tried to press into her areolas into Janine's hands but Janine wouldn't let her. She wouldn't give her that yet

Janine lifted Barbara's breast cupping it in her hand. Barbara's breast spilled over her delicate fingers. 

"Would you like me to suck your nipples?" 

"Yes. Oh, please. Yes." Janine kissed Barbara's areolas and her tongue traced their edges. Barb moaned as she felt the warmth of Janine's tongue on her nipples. Incredible tension was building between her legs as Janine ravished her. Janine's warm mouth slipped over her areola and she sucked it hard into her mouth. Her fingers found her other nipple and squeezed it, rolling it between her fingers. She pinched her nipples. Electric pleasure surged to Barbara’s already wet pussy. Barbara grabbed her

"Ohh, God! I’m gonna cum!” Janine hungrily sucked her and twisted her other nipple roughly. Moisture flowed into Barbara’s pussy and the waves of pleasure coursed through her. Barbara jerked spasmodically clutching Janine. She luxuriated in her orgasm

"Oh, thank you!” The tension gradually waned and eased its grip on her and, in turn, she eased her grip on Janine who was holding her up. 

"How was that?” A sheen of perspiration visible on her face, Barb said, "Mmmm, that felt so good. I'm so wet." Grateful, her lips sought Janine's with passion. 

"We're just getting started." Janine said and pulled their hips close and ground them together. Barbara cupped Janine's petite ass and squeezed it

"Let's get into bed." Janine rolled down Barb's bikini bottoms revealing the white skin beneath and the flaming mound of Barbara's orange pubic hair. Janine pushed her bottom down revealing her heart shaped ass and the blond thatch that housed her wet pussy. The skin beneath Janine’s bikini was white. She had not begun nude sun bathing. She would remedy that soon

"You straddle me," said Janine. Barb did. Her legs wide and ass in the air made her pussy gape open. Barbara looked like a goddess of fertility hovering over Janine. She leaned forward and made her pendulous breasts brush against Janine's. They kissed and their tongues entwined in pleasurable explorations. Silk on silk. Janine's hand followed the generous contours of her friend and now, lover. Barbara offered her areolas to Janine's warm mouth and she sucked them in. Janine's hands snaked inside Barb's splayed legs caressing her inner thighs. Barbara moaned responsively, her orgasmic potential still not reached. Janine cupped her hand over Barbara's wet pussy

Barbara pressed into her, rubbing herself back and forth pleasing on Janine's palm. Heat and moisture radiated from Barbara's pussy. Sighs and moans escaped her mouth

"Mmm, that's good, but let me show you something better," said Janine. Janine knew a thing or two about eating pussy, things she learned from her first woman lover, Molly. Barbara was about to be the recipient of that knowledge. Molly had brought Janine to shattering orgasm time after time leaving her quivering with satisfaction. Now, she would do that to Barbara. Janine thought what fun they all three could have together

The possibilities excited her. Janine guided Barbara over onto her back. Trailing her hands across her body and down her legs to her feet. Between Barb's legs, she lifted them by their heels. She looked at Barbara's breasts spreading out onto her chest and lolling to the sides. Her nipples were swollen, red, and erect. She gazed at the gentle swell above Barbara's orange mound. She slid her hands up and down Barbara's legs. She kissed the top on her foot, calf, behind her knee, and inner thigh. Barbara bent her knees and spread her legs wide as Janine brought her hands in between them and stroked her skin moving towards her wet, eager pussy

Could she have another orgasm? Janine rubbed her face and lips in the soft skin of Barbara's legs. She planted warm kisses up and down Barb's sensitive inner thighs. She pressed her warm mouth into that inner flesh and a moan escaped Barbara's lips and she writhed in pleasure. Her breaths were coming quicker. Janine encircled Barbara's lower body with her arms. She pushed Barbara's legs up and apart with her shoulders exposing her pussy to her lustful intentions. Barbara pussy was vulnerable, spread open, and another moan and shiver of anticipation came from her. Janine tightened her grip and placed the flat of one hand over the top of Barbara's pussy

Barbara's hip undulated. 

"Ohh, my god, I'm so wet." Janine turned her wanton and skillful attention to Barbara's hot, wet pussy. She pressed down on Barbara's clitoris with her fingers and held it firmly. Then she let up

Barbara response was immediate, as blood rushed back into her clitoris

"Ohhh, ohhh, yeah, eewww, yeah." Janine spread Barbara's pink outer pussy lips exposing her flushed, red inner ones. Janine began licking at the bottom of her pussy probing up and down her friend’s cleft. She sucked Barb's outer lips into her mouth and bathed them with her tongue exploring every crack and crevice of Barbara’s lips. Barbara was in heaven. Warmth flowed into her as Janine sucked her and ate her pussy with the expertise only skilled lover had

Again, Janine pressed down on Barbara's clitoris holding it longer, pushing harder this time. She tongue fucked Barbara’s pussy. 

"Ohh, Ohh. It feels so good. Don’t stop. Don’t stop.” Barbara was writhing now, going mad from pleasure, another powerful orgasm was building within her. Her legs and buttocks tensed as Janine's tongue stoked her desire and stroked her pussy. Her moans became louder, higher pitched, and more insistent. Janine eased her toward the edge of her orgasm and then let her comeback from it and eased her toward it again making Barbara crazy with lust for her cum. Janine released the pressure of her hand and warmth again surged into Barbara's vagina. 

"Ohh, yess, yesss , don't stop, please." Barbara pleaded. She bucked her hips seeking more contact with Janine's warm, wet tongue. Janine tightened of her hold on Barbara's waist as she prepared to take her over the edge. Barbara was trapped in Janine's prison of pleasure and she ached to cum. She was exposed to Janine's trained, purposeful mouth, and tongue. Janine, using her upper hand, pulled back the loose skin hiding Barbara's pleasure button. It was time

Janine began circling Barbara's clit with her tongue. Barbara's contractions and undulations increased. She thrashed. Her moans grew louder still. The pressure building within her was an excruciating. It was a torment of pleasure denied. Finally, Janine, knowing she was going to push her friend over the edge, slid the back of her tongue over Barbara's clit and held on tight for the ride. 

"Ohhhh, my God!! What are you doing?!" Barbara began to uncontrollably gyrate and buck with this new, all encompassing warm sensation on her clit. She spasmed uncontrollably against the silky warmth of Janine's tongue. 

"You gonna make me cum!! Ohhhhh, yeeaaah!!" Barbara bucked wildly and Janine kept holding her tongue on Barbara's clitty. Orgasm after orgasm rolled through Barbara. Powerful convulsions wracked her body. Her pussy clutched and relaxed and clutched again wanting to pull something in, grasping for something that wasn't there. Her legs and buttocks went taught and she twisted slipping off Janine's tongue. Janine watched as Barbara blissed out with her orgasms and she stroked her own wet pussy, slipping two, then three fingers into her wetness, fucking herself like mad as she watched Barbara's writhing and cumming. Janine's needed to cum. The fingers she plunged into her pussy were bringing her close, but she held back. She knew how she wanted to get off. She wanted Barbara to fuck her and she had just the tool for that
