 Janine took the tape out of the VCR and labeled it Janine/Barbara - Barbara's Initiation.

Her husband was going to like this. She had a treat in store for him. She wouldn't tell Barbara about the tape recording just yet. She'd save that for later.

The next day, she started with her usual morning jog. Jim had gone to work. It was early and she knew Barbara would sleep late especially this morning. She stretched working out the kinks in her hamstrings from last night's activities. She was sore from the Stretcher, but not as sore as she'd been after Mike's first visit. Mike was her inspiration for buying, the Stretcher, her favorite dildo.

She stretched and felt her silky jogging shorts on caress her skin. The shorts snuggled up to her heart ass. It was, by any means, a nice fit. Two miles today would be good. She loved jogging. She could be alone in the moment with in her thoughts or without. She began her run in the early light. Invariably, men going to work in the neighborhood stared, some unabashedly, as she passed. She was flattered, smiled, and waved in return. To some she could say, "I fucked your wife." Other's wives would be jealous if they knew and some did. Hitting her pace she reminisced about yesterday's fun.

She relived Barbara fucking her with her big black dildo, the Stretcher. It was almost as good as the real thing. Jim's gamble, bringing home a blacks with blonde's video one evening, had paid off. He had waited for her to go through her reactions shock, disgust, anger, acceptance, and finally a begrudging curiosity that had transformed into horny passion. After he had plugged the video in, he asked if she'd like to fuck a black stud. Shocked again, at first she didn't say anything, couldn't say anything, as her mind processed the possibility. Sitting there naked with Jim, her mind began to play with the idea. A black guy on the video pounded a big titted blonde's pussy and she yelped with each deep thrust. Why did they always have to have big titts? Janine got wet watching other people fuck. She loved it. She loved to watch and to be watched, too. She was an exhibitionist and a voyeur. She worked her oiled hand up and down Jim's cock. It throbbed in her hand and he groaned. He began to feel precum working its way up his shaft. Janine's mind whirled and her pussy came alive with the thought of being fucked by a black stud, especially with her husband watching. She wanted to ride Jim's cock during the next scene. She wante4d to be filled by him while she fantasized. She loved being on top, being in control. 

"Yeah, I think I'd like that, but who?" I know just the man. Mike, he's been with the company for two years and I've gotten to know him. Class guy. I even showed him some of your pictures. You what?!" She was outraged at first and then secretly turned on by the thought of him, and other men, looking at pictures of her naked. She knew later he'd probably masturbate while thinking about fucking her. That turned her on.

"Who else did you show it too?"

"A couple of other guys on my crew. You're quite popular now." Janine frowned, doing her best to look cross with him, but this really excited her. Who had seen her pictures? He was always bringing 'the guys' over. She remembered wandering eyes. Stares held too long. That wetted her pussy even more. Those man had seen her naked!

"Mike said you were a hot looking woman and that I, I was a lucky bastard. Emphasis on bastard." Janine laughed and stroked his glistening cock harder. Jim's tool was fully erect. Its purple head throbbed under Janine's stroking hand. Jim groaned. He exhaled and tension built within him. He flexed his powerfully muscled legs. 

"Stop. I can't last much longer." Jim's cock twitched like a jerking crane. The black stud on the screen grunted and shot his load on his partner's asshole as she spread her cheeks. His cum splashed against her asshole and ran down the cleft of her well fucked pussy. He groaned and stroked squirt after squirt of cum out of his long, thick, black tool. "Yeah." As it geysered out, Janine watched raptly and she ground her pussy into the material of the sofa.

She imagined what it would be like getting pounded by THAT much cock. Jim was no slouch. His tool could almost match the one on the screen. Her pussy juices flowed. What would it be like getting her pussy pounded by a cock that big? 

"God, that was fucking hot," Jim gasped looking at his oiled up, throbbing erection. 

"He had a lot of cum Jim, let's see what you've got."

"I can feel," Jim said, taking his balls in his hand and squeezing them, "that I've got a lot of cum in here." 

"Mmmm, good." she said and gave his balls a gentle squeeze. His cock twitched. He stroked his cock back and forth and let it slap against his belly.

"I'd love to see you get fucked by a black stud!" On the screen, a black guy came up behind a blonde and ran his hand up her short dress revealing her white cotton panties. She feigned surprise and he slid his hand between her legs and roughly caressed her pussy through the soft material of her panties. The blond gasped and bent over exposing more of herself to his grasping and exploring hand. He slapped her ass hard. The blonde looked back shocked. That wasn't in the script! Janine straddled Jim and poised her blonde thatch over Jim's big hard cock. Jim could hold his own with a black man, but he wasn't a black man. Janine watched the video in the mirror behind them. Jim's hands wandered over her torso and squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples. The naked blonde on the screen was vigorously sucking her partner's dick now. Janine had never seen a real black dick, let alone sucked one. She wondered what it would be like and thrust herself eagerly up and down Jim's shaft imagining herself sucking and fucking one black dicks. More than one! God, I'm a slut. Jim groaned. His wife's tight pussy clenched him. She rode him like a jockey towards the finish line.

Janine pivoted, Jim still inside her, they both faced the screen as the stud held the blondes legs wide apart and brought the big head of his cock to her pussy's opening. "Oh yeah! Please fuck me. I'm so wet!," she said, apparently not acting. He spread her legs farther apart and eased his big dick into her tight pussy. She yelped loudly. Her eyes burned at him. He went slow and steady until he was buried to the hilt inside her. She squirmed beneath him. Her pussy was wrapped tightly around his black shaft. He was so big she moaned and sighed. She was being stretched to her limit by his length and girth.

Rhythmically, he began fucking her, slowly at first, then faster and harder. Her large tits bobbed with each powerful thrust. Waves of flesh. She moaned in the grasp of desire. Janine closed her eyes and saw herself laying down, her legs spread wide, a big black stud's cock poised at the entrance of her soaking pussy. She imagined him taking her, filling her completely and more, stretching her to her limit, and then fucking her so hard she orgasmed over and over on his thick tool as he continued to ram it home powerfully. Fuck! She slammed up and down on her husband's penis.

Sensing her excitement, Jim increased his thrusting into Janine's soaking pussy. She came out of her revelry hotter and wetter. Jim picked her up and drove his ram home while she held herself up on the coffee table. Janine cried out in surprise as Jim's cock spread her pussy with its, not inconsiderable girth, and he plunged deeper and deeper inside her.

"Awww!, Ohhh! Fuck me! Fuck my pussy hard!" Jim had a sizeable tool and he knew damn well how to use it. And he did.

"Doggie style on the floor." He pushed the coffee table roughly out of the way. Janine got on her knees, lowered her shoulders, and spread her legs to accept him. She was turned on by his taking command. The blonde on the screen was REALLY getting her pussy pounded now and was crying out with each deep thrust. Janine and Jim watched them intently their own lust filled desires peaking rapidly. They matched their pace to the couple on the screen's.

Whack!, Jim's hand slapped Janine's ass hard. She yelped and looked back in surprise and pain. Whack! his hand met her other cheek. Janine's clit snapped to attention. Jim wet his thumb in his mouth and fingered Janine's asshole. Janine gasped and then cooed. His finger swirled around the rosebud of her ass and her pressed in. 

"Ohh," she moaned with his penetration Jim had fucked her ass before and she learned to love it. He always told her so in advance so she could prepare herself. But, he hadn't done that today.

Jim slid his cock into her pussy in a powerful stroke that stuffed her completely and stroked like a mighty piston.

"Ohh, yeah. That's good. Don't stop. Ohh, yeah." Encouraged on, Jim pounded his wife's wet, pussy harder and harder still. His balls swung and hit her pussy jarring her clit with each thrust. Jim pounded his wife's pussy like a jack hammer. Both women moaned and cried out loudly heightening their arousal and their partner's even more. Both couples plunged head long towards explosive orgasms.

Janine watched the couple on the screen and she imagined she was getting fucked by the stud. She moaned with each penetrating stroke of Jim's hard cock and grunted when he slapped against her. Jim imagined he was fucking the hot blonde on the screen making her moan with pleasure. Finally, the stud on the screen pulled out and jizm jetted out of his cock onto the blonde's chest and belly. Stroking his cock, he squirted stream after stream of white jizz until the last squirt fell on his partner's well fucked pussy. She rubbed his cum on her pussy, belly, and tits. There was no acting, she enjoyed that fuck.

"I'm cumming!" Jim cried and let fly his cum buried to the hilt in his wife's tight pussy. That was too much for Janine. Her orgasm overtook her.

"Ohh, your going to make me cum!! AHHH!!" Burst after burst of Jim's cum flew out of him filling her grasping and clutching pussy until she couldn't hold anymore. Jizz flowed out of Janine as her pussy gripped her husband powerfully again and again squeezing every last drop from his pulsing manhood. They collapsed on the floor, sweaty, sated, and exhausted. Jim pulled her close and spoke in her ear.

"When Mike comes over I'm going to.."

"Ohh, my God! I don't know about that." She wriggled away giggling. Jim smiled. Fulfilled and tired, he looked at his deflating cock and went to join her in the shower.

Janine legs pumped out her rhythm, sweat poured from her face. Jim had fucked her good that day. Taking a risk sometimes it pays off.

But, that was nothing compared to the Saturday afternoon when Mike came over. With Jim's help, Janine had prepared herself that morning. She dressed in a short, white wrap around skirt that emphasized her long, tan legs. She wore one of her and Jim's favorites, her blue thong, and a loose button up shirt with no bra. She wouldn't need one that afternoon. Her tits felt and looked good, free within her shirt. Her nipples were semi-erect from the fabric's touching them and with anticipation of fulfilling a long desired, secret fantasy. One, she had never told Jim about. Mike arrived dressed in white pants and dark blue shirt that bulged with his muscles. 

"I brought some veggies for the grill and some Zinfandel for dinner." 

"Great, come on in Mike. We'll grill them up with the steaks and chicken." Janine came to the door and immediately she approved of the man. She'd seen him before, but they had not met until then. Her eyes were drawn to his powerful looking legs and his tight ass. She did not attempt to hide her stare.

She smiled and took the wine. She looked Mike up and down unashamedly her eyes drinking in his wide shoulders, slim waist, and powerful looking legs. Was there a hint of a bulge there straining at the white fabric of his pleated pants? She was sure there was and she pulled her eyes away to Mike's face. 

"Hi, Mike." she smiled, enjoying her temptress role. 

"Wow, you look fantastic." He took in the pleasant view she afforded. He couldn't stop himself from eyeballing her log tan legs and her hips which were swathed tightly with her white skirt. 

"You like?"

"Yes, indeed! You look even better in person." Janine smiled with the complement. "I hope you two know how to treat a lady."

"We sure do." they said in unison. "And we sure will." added Jim. He gave Janine's ass a playfully spank and squeeze. Janine looked back surprised and smiled. Her pussy wetted with the touch. 

"I'm going to have a margarita. Anyone want one?" Alcohol made sex more enjoyable for her.

"I'll just have ice water. Me too." 

"Suit yourselves, let's relax in the living room." 

"Thanks so much for this man, Jim. Your wife is so beautiful. She's hot. I've been burning up on the way over." He too had been anticipating this and now the day was here. He had stroked himself off to fantasies of this and got off powerfully especially while Janine watched. She gobbled up freshly stroked cum. Jim's cum was sweet. She loved its taste. 

"This is gonna be fun. Janine's great and she loves to fuck." 

"Hey, you talking about me." Janine slid into the room and squeezed in between the two of them on the sofa handing them their drinks. Janine drank deeply from her margarita.

"Aahhh." Mike eyed her legs and she rested them on the coffee table before him. 

"Mike," Janine said looking at him over the rim of her half finished drink, "did Jim tell you I want to suck your cock?" With a smile Mike replied, "Yeah, yeah. He did. I think we might be able to do that." He laughed and they relaxed warming to each other's company. 

"I want to watch her do it. I want watch her suck your cock, Mike." Mike could only smile and nod, pleased beyond words with his luck.

Janine finished her drink tilting her head back and licking her lips. Jim slipped and arm around her shoulder. 

"Mmm, that was good but I know something better." She slid her hand between Mikes legs up to his cock and felt the semi hard large bulge there. She squeezed it and rubbed it back and forth. 

"I've never sucked a black man's cock before." she said innocently looking Mike in the eye. 

"That's O.K. Its just like a white man's cock only bigger." They all burst out laughing. They laughed so hard tears came to their eyes. Janine busied herself undoing Mike's fly. She slipped her hand inside and felt his wad. God! Was that his cock? So fucking big already?

"Mmm, that feels good." said Mike. He stretched out, flexed his powerful legs and let Janine's hand caress and stroke his cock through his pants. Jim slipped and hand inside Janine's shirt and fondled her breast. Mike did the same and his large hand wrapped around her other. Their big hands covered her breasts. 

"Let me make that easier." Janine held her arms up as Jim pulled her shirt over her head. Janine's breasts bounced and her jiggled. The whiteness of her breasts contrasted with the brown of her tanned skin. She looked sexy. Blonde hair fell free onto her shoulders. She stroked both Jim and Mike's cocks feeling them grow beneath the pressure of her touch. 

"Lose your clothes guys."

"All but your underwear, Mike." Dutifully, they stripped and Janine watched their muscles flex as they took off their shirts and dropped their pants. Delighted, she could she was in for a manhandling by two well muscled men. The two men towered over her. She caressed their arms and chests and tweaked and rubbed their cocks as they undressed. Mike stripped to his high cut jockeys and the material bulged around what was clearly a very big cock. 

"Ohh yeah." Janine said and lewdly ran her hand between Mike's legs. She cupped his growing bulge in her hand and shook it feeling it massiveness. What if it was too big? Could she take it? Could she take it all? Would he fuck her like the studs in the video? She quivered with desire, lust, and fearful anticipation. Jim undid her skirt and it dropped away revealing Janine's fit, heart shaped ass. Her thong made her ass cheeks that much more beautiful. 

"You gotta check this out. Turn around and show Mike your ass, Janine." She did bending over from the waist as Jim caressed and squeezed the flesh of her buttocks in front of Mike. Mike gaped and joined in grabbing, stroking, and squeezing. One thing Mike appreciated was a nice ass and Janine definitely had one. Still bent over Janine moved.

Her mouth sought Jim's bouncing prick. She captured it greedily in her mouth and sucked him hard like he liked it. Jim moaned as his wife warm, skilled mouth sucked him in. Jim loved how she sucked dick. Mike was in for a treat. Mike watched and his hand stroked up and down Janine's long tan legs to her ass which he squeezed and pinched roughly getting a muffled, "mmmpff, oowwweeee." from Janine.

She bent farther forward exposing herself more. Mike enjoyed the view. Blonde pubic hairs peaked from behind the bulge her tight thong contained. Mike enjoyed this too and muttered approvingly.

He drew his hand back and slapped her ass hard. Whack! Jim had told him of Janine's love for being spanked. Mike was only too happy to oblige.

Like a naughty girl caught doing wrong, Janine looked back shocked, guilty, surpised, and turned on even more! This earned her another harder slap from Mike's powerful, big hand.

"Oww!" she managed to choke out. Jim's cock was filling her mouth. Her pussy was getting so wet. Mike's cock was getting so hard it thrummed with power.

Mike slid his hand between Janine's legs enjoying the warmth he found there, the silkiness of her thong, and definitely the view. Janine humped his hand. 

"Aww, yeah, that's good." said Mike taking her by the waist, "but now I think its time you sucked my cock!" With a wet slurp, Jim's cock slid from her mouth. Immediately, Jim's cock stiffened and twitched in anticipation and excitement of watching his wife suck his friend's big, black dick. He thought he just might cum, way to soon, and squeezed the base of his thick rod and the below its head and gained precious control. He had plans and cumming too soon would ruin them. He'd keep himself in check like Janine had those times when she had kept him from cumming for hours. She worked his cock masterfully once Molly had shown her how. He would never forget that day, not ever. No fucking way.

Janine kneeled between Mike's muscular legs, resting her arms on his thighs. Her head approached his bulge. 

"Rub your face in it." Jim said, squirting mineral oil into his hand and on his cock. He stroked it up and down. Obediently, Janine pressed her face into Mike's briefs up against his bulging cock. He smelled good. She rubbed her face in it and pressed her lips to the outline of his bulging manhood and traced its size and shape with her lips. She breathed him in. It was getting her so hot and the hotter she got the more she wanted to suck it and be fucked by it. She wetted the material with her tongue. She pulled at him with her lips and mouthed his cock again. She worshipped his penis. This phallus that would bring her pleasure and pain. Her breathing increased and her pussy ached. She knew she was going to be fucked like she'd never been fucked before and she could hardly wait! What am I in for? Mike lifted his hips as she slid his briefs down. His big black cock stood proud, unleashed.

Jim was awed by his size. 

"Ohh yeah," said Janine gazing at him. She fingered her pussy. Her hand moved to the base of his cock and Mike watched her lean forward and place her lips at the bottom of Mike's shaft. She moved her head up and then down her puckered lips sucking the sensitive underside of Mike's enormous penis. Jim slid his fist slowly up and down his oiled shaft. This was it! She was sucking Mike's cock. Jim watched intently and pleasure coursed through him with each stroke of his hand and each dip of his wife's head. 
