 Author's Notes: This is an erotic fantasy written by Lyssabyss. I should have stated this previously, but the language I am using is Turkish, (though I do not follow the structure religiously.) 

**** 

Since stepping into this new world it seemed as if time flew by with the onslaught of new sensations and knowledge. Every day was filled with discovery, excitement and even twinges of guilt or fear. I had written my letter to my father and knew that at least another month would pass before he would receive it. It left me feeling gloomy and nearly alone if it weren't for the company of Oro and Jora. 

Even with Oro's urging, I still found it quite awkward to address her as Bekçi, my guardian, perhaps because of what happened between us, and the connection that still thrives. Jora had continued my training and I was slowly improving, though I could still not best her. 

Oro was gone more often with his new duties which had him overseeing the training of new warriors, and acting as a council member to King Mazhar. This time apart would have afforded me more intimacy with Jora if not for the prying eyes of servants lingering about the villa. 

My fingers traced over the images within a leather bound book, and I was overcome with the urge to leave these walls and explore, I snapped the book shut and stood from my wooden bench. The smell of the garden flora was appealing but did nothing to sate my curiosity to explore what lay beyond. 

Jora eyed me cautiously, "What has you in a mood?" She walked over to me, slapping an offending brush limb along the way. 

"I am bored." I huffed, shuffling from the garden walls towards the atrium. 

"Only boring people become bored, Zee." Jora laughed, following me out of the sun. "You normally love to read, why are you so restless? Have you received a visit from the Lady in Red?" 

I rolled my eyes, "No, she came and went a week or more ago. I-I just feel like I need some air." 

"You were just outside." Jora chuckled, "The air is warm, and good, your skin is becoming more used to it." 

I rubbed my arms which were no longer as pale, though I was still a far cry away from the beauty of Jora's skin. "I have no purpose here." I confessed. 

"How did you fill your time in Lamoria?" Jora asked, following me towards the shallow pool. 

"I helped my mother in our shop, she was a seamstress. When I was not mending clothes, or helping around the home, I was out by the water, swimming, or fishing or playing with friends. Here, I have only him, and only you." I lamented, starting to strip from my clothes in a trail towards the pool. 

I young servant boy entered with fresh linens, and his eyes went wide at the sight of my nudity. Jora hissed at him like a dangerous feline, which made him scuttle off taking the linens with him. Jora stood dutifully at the pools edge, as I made my way into the tepid water. 

Jora sighed softly and said, "Life here, is not what you sought, but it is what you have. Of all the men who could have found you, it is better that it was Oro. He is a strong man, devote and in a position for great power." She braced her hands on her hips and continued, "Having us is not such a bad thing." 

I dunked the whole of my body underwater, unbinding my braid to let my hair scatter freely. I resurfaced, wiping water from my lashes and whispered, "No, it is not, but still I feel trapped. Left inside this stone cage, waiting for the wolf to return for an evening feast." 

Jora chortled at the imagery, and then her voice took a flirtatious tone, "How could one resist such a delicious sight." 

I felt heat run between my legs, and I wanted to drag her into this pool with me, until her clothes clung to her athletic form, and she was panting for my touch. I stood in the shallow pool, the water coming to my waist, and kept my eyes connected to hers as water dripped from me. "How do you?" I mused. 

I saw Jora's breath visibly catch and then shudder out of her, her eyes glimpsed around the atrium before she divulged, "The cost is too great if I do not." 

I walked to the edge of the pool, taking an equally hushed tone, "If only I were alone with you." I rest a hand on her exposed toes. "Even just a moment." 

Jora took a step back, out of reach, "You are never alone, Esyld. I am honor bound to remain at your side as your Bekçi, until I am no longer needed, or your Eş is present. What happened between us before was a mistake, I overstepped my place." 

Her words dashed cool water on the flames of my excitement, and I snapped, "Maybe it was a mistake, but at the time, you wanted it, as did I." 

"Keep your voice down." Jora growled, inching closer to me. "You are Majohr Oro's Eş, it is time you embrace that truth." 

I felt hurt as I said, "I never imagined hearing that from you." 

"I do not wish to say it; this is hard for me also." Jora choked, "I see what passes between you both, and it is clear where your future leads, I will only muddy that path." 

"A path that will take me further from you?" I said feeling a stinging urge to cry. 

"It will not lead to me, true, but as we are it will not take you away from me either. Is that not worth our discipline?" Jora insisted, coming to sit at the edge of the pool, crossing her legs before the water's edge. 

Our eyes met, mine swirling with emotion and I sucked in a deep breath. "How do you propose I embrace my position as Oro's Eş?" 

Jora tapped her fingers on her thighs and said "Continue as you are with him, your love for one another will grow naturally and leave me to my duties as your Bekçi. He feels your hesitation, because of me, if you want his trust you cannot-." 

"I have to give him reason to trust me?" I barked, wading backwards into the pool with my hands on the tiled floor. 

"You withhold from him, Esyld, he can feel it and he does not trust that duality." Her face was somewhat stern as she continued, "It is obvious that you feel for him, that you enjoy his attention, so why do you hold back?" 

I allowed myself to sink to the bottom of the shallow pool, letting the water dull my senses. Even as my lungs protested, I willed myself not to resurface. Admitting what I felt would be accepting too much of what had happened. Oro had asked for my devotion, I resisted him along the way, but each piece I allowed him tested my dominion, and slowly allowed me to feel comfort in submission to him. It was frightening, sickening, exciting and very pleasurable. 

My chest ached in his absence and I felt a strong attachment to him, but surely it was not for loving him. Could I love Oro? If so, love was not what I imagined it would be. I felt a pain linger under breast, and I squeezed my eyes shut tightly. What is happening to me? 

Strong arms pulled me above the water, and I drew in a shuddering gasp of air. My mind cleared once more, as I looked up at Jora who had me firmly by the arms. The look on her face was intimidating and she growled, "Your bath is over." She started to drag me out of the pool, and I stumbled as we reached the steps. 

"I was lost in thought, nothing more." I tried to reassure her. "You can let go now." I stood naked in the warm air of the atrium. 

She was dripping wet from the waist down, and she seemed genuinely displeased. "Majohr Oro should be home soon, I am going to get changed, please try not to get into any trouble while I am away. It would make me look very bad as your Bekçi." She grumbled and slopped her way out of the atrium. 

I growled in frustration, picking up a linen wrap, and my strewn clothes, making my way back to my chambers. I opened the wooden shutters, to allow the warm sun to trickle in and dry my moist skin. I wrenched the water from my hair, and twisted it up into a bun, tucking the end of my blonde locks into itself. I sat in front of the window, on a wooden stool, letting the light shine down on my face. I closed my eyes, as the heat irritated them, and allowed myself to relax in the warmth. 

I grabbed for the drop spindle that lay on top of the desk in front of me, and resumed weaving the Kashmir wool together into a fine long string. It was very calming, and helped to pass the time. I heard commotion below, and a thunderous laugh from Oro filter up the stairway. My heart leapt knowing that he was home, and I set my hard work back on the table and went towards the stairs. 

I had completely forgotten that I was still only wrapped in linen, but was reminded as Oro walked up the stairs and his eyes became piqued with lust. "Good evening, eş. Just return from a bath?" 

I smiled coyly, "Perhaps." I stepped backward towards the bedroom, not wanting to instigate a chase my turning my back to him. But the submission of my movement was enough to flame his desire, and he bounded the rest of the way up the stairs, making me yip in excitement as I stumbled back into our chambers. 

Before long Oro was pressing my body against the door frame, and was nibbling at my neck, making me mewl my pleasure into the hallway. "H-how was your day?" I stammered. 

"Long." Oro moaned as he ground his hips against mine. "I missed you, did you miss me?" There was vulnerability in his voice that made my heart flutter. 

"Yes." I whispered, taking the lobe of his ear into my mouth, and biting gently. He growled his pleasure against my throat, and I handed myself over to the bliss of my exposed neck. 

He was fumbling at his leathers with one hand, and used his other to make sure my lips were exposed beneath the cover of my thin linen wrap. His touch made me moan, and grind against his fingers, as if we had not been intimate in weeks. 

The young servant boy from earlier had made his way up the stairs, and I caught his stare as he watched Oro fish beneath my shift. He stopped in a moment of discomfort holding sheets for the bed, before turning around abruptly and running back down the stairs. 

I let out a startling laugh, and Oro pulled back in confusion, I chortled, "Poor boy." 

Oro's girth was now sinking back down over the top of his leathers, and I felt a measure of regret that I had dampened his arousal. So I chimed in to explain the situation, "Earlier, Danyal, the servant boy, was going about his chores, and he caught me naked entering the bathing pool, and just now, he has again caught me in a compromising position." 

Oro grunted and with a smirk said, "I am beginning to think you like that attention." Oro rubbed a hand over my linen wrap to fondle my breasts. 

"He is a boy. I simply feel bad that I make him so uncomfortable." I replied, rubbing a hand up Oro's strong arms. 

"His discomfort is not one of pain, Eş." Oro purred, slipping his mouth to my neck, his cock beginning to harden by my thigh. 

I dashed the thought from my mind, as it generally felt unpleasant, given the nature of our current contact. "Do you believe we need servants?" I probed. 

"Why?" Oro asked, my distraction once more affecting his demanding cock. 

"It would be nice to take over responsibilities to occupy my time." I said softly, feeling a bit self conscious. 

Oro was surprised at my confession, and smiled, "I apologize, I thought by having them it would allow you more time to yourself." 

"I appreciate the gesture, but I am not often idle, and if you cannot take me with you, and I am not permitted to leave, then I would make better use of my time here." I stated, running underneath his shirt to the rippled expanse of his stomach. 

"You would want to come with me?" Oro softly encouraged, continuing to rub at the sides of my breasts. 

"Occasionally, yes, I should learn more about the people of Barbos if I expect to live here." I thought a moment, "I have counted at least four servants on these grounds. It would be nice to have at least one to stay and help with the goats and gardening, but the rest I can manage." 

"You and those damned goats." Oro laughed. "I thought you were having a laugh when you first asked for them." Oro unpinned me from the door, and took my hand leading me into our bed chamber. 

I smirked, "You may laugh now, but when you enjoy the warm blanket in the cold months, and the cheese and milk, you will be grateful we have them." I sat on the stool, by the window, and ran my fingers over my handiwork. 

"Is this what you want?" Oro probed, looking me over. 

"When I was a young girl, I dreamt that I would have a warm home, full of love, a garden and animals to care for. Though, the scenery has changed, my dreams have not." I said, trying to withhold any sadness from my voice. 

"I will do my best to provide those things for you." Oro said with a tender smile. "I want this also." Oro fidgeted with his hands, and shuffled his feet in almost a timid way. "You may choose who will stay to help you." 

I nodded, and immediately answered, "Adalet, she is hard working, and kind." 

Oro seemed interested by my choice, "She is also a bit simple, and does not speak very much common." 

"True, but she will help teach me the native tongue. As to her simple nature, it does not cloud her mind in the least." I reasserted my choice. 

"Very well." Oro smiled, "Poor Danyal will be heartbroken, Eş." 

I scoffed at his joke, and poked my tongue out at him, to which his smiled widened. "Careful, I may try to catch that tongue of yours..." 

I cocked an eyebrow at him, "You may try little barbarian." 

The room vibrated with Oro's laughter, "I have heard I am not so little, Eş, or do you disagree?" His voice dripped with desire. 

"Perhaps I should view another to compare?" I laughed and moments later a small cry burst from my throat as Oro darted across the room to swoop me up against his chest. 

"Let me refresh your memory, Eş." Oro growled playfully, his cock pressed firmly against my lower belly. He backed our bodies up until I was pressed against the edge of the table, and he strained against me, heat rolling off of his skin. 

"Gods." I moaned lustfully. I leaned back against the table, elbows along the wooden edge, and Oro traced my slit with his throbbing head, running it up and down the length of me, becoming an infuriating tease. 

He gripped the lower part of his veined shaft, and angled it to separate my folds, repeating the motion from before, using his crown to spread my juice across the both of us. My eyes fluttered closed, relying on my other senses to absorb the pleasure that assailed me. 

My musk of arousal clung between us, spurred on by the deliberate caress of his manhood, the slickness of our combined desire, and as I took his mouth to mine, the sweat upon his lips. I moaned happily against him, and tried to buck my hips to receive him. 

He growled against my lips, and pulled me up, flipping me over abruptly so that for a moment I was disoriented as he bent me over the table. Kashmir fibers pressed against my breasts and forearms, my body automatically arching to present my moist lips to receive Oro. 

Without preamble Oro sank into me, driving the air from my lungs as I took a moment to accommodate him, Oro moaned contentedly. "Does this satisfy you?" He said, working his length slowly out of me. 

"Yes." I cried as my inner walls clutched at him, to keep him within me. At my admission, Oro drove back into me, and began his slow upward plunge in and out of me. I lay my head between my two hands, the soft fibers cushioning me, as with each thrust Oro jostled my body. 

The sounds from my lips sprouted unbidden in the heat of our mating, and I panted loudly with each splitting stroke. I could feel the weight of his sack patting my sensitive netherlips, and it sent pleasure to my tingling nub. I moaned against the Kashmir wool, and even bunched some into my fists, as my hips connected with the edge of the table, the pain of which faded deliciously into pleasure. 

"Is this what you want, Eş?" He growled, bending over my back, slowing his pace to stroke me fully with each pass. 

"Gods! Yes!" I hissed, my face pinching with my need for release. 

I felt Oro's arm circle around my hips, and his hand covered my mound, using my copious amount of lubricant to wet his fingers, as he took the liberty to circle my clitoris. His pace could not hold, as his excitement forced him to pump faster into its target. "Do you want my seed, Eş?" Oro moaned, "Hmm?" The slapping of his virile manhood against me drove me further towards the edge of climax. 

The thought did not scare me as it had before, being claimed so fully by this dominating man, it was even now quite exciting, the risk and sensation of it. I let go of the shackles of the life behind me, and accepted this moment for what it was, "Yes." I moaned quietly, pressing my mouth against the wool as I allowed my release to ring through my body. 

His seed felt incredibly hot against our joined bodies, as with each pulse of his cock he emptied himself into me. A residual quiver of my hushed climax ran through me, my legs were shaky, only being braced up by his strong thighs, hips, and his manhood inside of me. 

As he withdrew, his potent seed was uncorked and spilled out over my lips, dripping off the cleft of my mound, splattering on the floor between my legs. Oro slowly stumbled back towards the bed and flopped backwards, enjoying the remainder of his high. I carefully straightened up, brushing off any clinging fibers, and shakily made my own way to the bed, lying down beside Oro. 

"King Mazhar and the council would like to meet you." Oro said releasing a breath and rubbing my thigh. 

"Is that a common practice?" I questioned. 

"No, but I think our connection interests them, they have seen your positive influence on me." Oro said with a toothy grin. 

"My positive influence, hmm?" I laughed, "I did not realize you could be so easily swayed, Oro." 

"Oh yes, of course, when I am at the mercy of a goddess." Oro flirted. 

My cheeks burned scarlet, and I hid my smile behind my hand, "You have a gifted tongue Oro, it must please you greatly." 

"More important that it please you." Oro cooed, wagging his eyebrows at me, deepening my blush. 

I sat up carefully, trying to prevent our remaining juices from dripping onto the bedding. "I think you like to test my sensibility, to see how you might better unravel me. Is this a game, or genuine?" I inquired. 

Oro sat up, and caressed a hand down my back, "With you, I will always be genuine." I felt the weight of his statement, knew he believed his words and his devotion to me. I could see now the shift in our relationship, it was not the love I had experienced from my mother and father, but the warmth of his affection was the very same. 

My heart beat wildly, and in a breathy voice I dared to ask, "Are you putting the care of your heart, in my hands?" 

With Oro's long pause, doubt and embarrasement flourished and I stood quickly, "Nevermind, forget I spoke." My voice trembled as I peered out the window. 

"No. Not no, I mean wait!" Oro blurted. "Allow me a moment." Oro cleared his throat, and tapped his hands nervously on the tops of his knees, "You asked if I put the care of my heart in your hands, the answer is, yes. From the beginning, when I took you, when I made you mine, through all of the mistakes and cruelty I forced upon you, I felt equally at your mercy. I cannot apologize for what brought us together, I only regret the harm I caused that split us further from one another." 

My chest thumped loudly, blood pulsing through my ears, and I felt the world narrowing in on this one moment. I felt breathless under the weight of expectation, "I-I am not sure-." 

"Please, let me finish." Oro whispered tenderly. "I do not ask that you feel the same way, I do not think it would be so easy. You said once, that I always have what I want...Esyld, I want nothing more from you than the return of your trust and to feel your love for me, but this is not something that can be forced, nor would I try." Oro stood walking towards me as I now faced him, and rubbed his hands down my arms, "Until then I will enjoy your company, and I hope that you will take joy in mine." 
