 Note: The first installment of Barcelona beauties describes all the characters and how the story began. 


2: Carmen


Over the next two weeks, Vesna made nocturnal visits to my room every other night. We were discrete about it and if anyone knew (except Kiraz, of course) nothing was said about it, at least not in my presence. Kiraz, for her part, continued to show off for me on the patio. On the two mornings a week we had the place to ourselves, Kiraz laid out completely naked for me while I painted or drew her nude figure. Twice she got so worked up that she masturbated in front of me. She asked me to lick and fuck her once. Since Vesna mainly wanted to suck my cock and swallow my come, I couldn't complain.

I was also getting to know Carmen. We attended the same program and had art in common. We frequented walked to the institute together and met in the café for lunch. I enjoyed her vivacious company and discretely (I thought) admired her cleavage. 

Carmen was impetuous and one evening I came back to the house to find that Carmen had gone on a shopping spree at the Boqueria, the Eiffel tower of produce markets. She had bought all kinds of produce and several large fish. When I came into the kitchen she exclaimed, "Chingale! Claude. I bought this fish and don't even know how to cook it." 

As a Seattle boy I knew all about cooking fish. Had I been wearing long sleeves, I would have rolled them up. At any rate, I got to work preparing the fish. A few months ago I had admired the fish in the market too and had learned the Catalan names for the local seafood but at that time my only kitchen was the hotplate in my studio. Now I got to work turning monkfish into skewers for the grill, wrapping the monkish in bacon strips, layered between pieces of red bell pepper. I prepared a garlic and parsley butter for the lluç (or hake) as I had enjoyed it in local restaurants. 

Carmen made Mexican sopa de arroz, a salad with goat cheese, and steamed a whole pot full of artichokes. I prepared Catalan pa amb tomàquet—crusty bread smeared with the insides of local tomatoes and drizzled with olive oil to go with the meal. Carmen and I were drinking wine, laughing and joking as we cooked and really having a good time. Carmen was fun to be around and a real beauty too. 

When the others came home, everyone remarked on the wonderful smells and we had to kick them out of the kitchen until we were ready to serve the feast. The meal set a new standard for the house and the appreciative students praised Carmen and I with nearly every bite. 

Afterwards, no one would let us touch the dishes but pushed us out to the patio to relax after all our work. There was a rattan couch under the portico and Carmen and I sat down, facing each other. Carmen drew her feet under her and sighed with pleasure, her breasts heaving, her whole body flushed with wine and the heat of the kitchen. 

Suddenly Carmen grabbed me and kissed me full on the lips. I held her to me and felt her breasts against my chest. Carmen breathed wine in my face, her face glowing, "come up to my room, Claude" she insisted. For a second I thought of Vesna, but she had clearly told me that she didn't want a boyfriend and encouraged my activities with Kiraz, oohing and ahing over my paintings of the petite exhibitionist. My conscience clear, I let Carmen lead me by the hand up the back stairs, to avoid the gaze of the roommates.

Once in her room, Carmen faced me and said, "I haven't had sex in six months. I don't want a boyfriend but will you please just fuck me." 

"Of course I will" I assented, "you don't need to ask me twice." 

Carmen pushed me onto her bed and tore at my clothes until I lay there naked, my cock pointing to the ceiling. Carmen unhooked her skirt and let it fall to the ground then pulled her blouse over her head. She was wearing a sexy black bra and panty set, looking like a hot 60s Bond girl. 

Carmen turned around and pulled her panties down over her round ass, while slowly swaying her hips for my benefit. Last, she turned around and unfastened her bra, pushing her breasts together then letting them swing free. They were full and firm with big red nipples, and she quickly brought them down on my face for my tongue to explore. 

Carmen reached back to stroke my cock while urging me "lick them, suck them, bite them." As I attacked Carmen's breasts she eased her wet pussy down on my cock and started bouncing energetically, urging me to fuck her, to bite her, to lick her, the whole time. This was impossibly hot. I grabbed Carmen's ass and pulled her even harder against me. I realized we were being really loud but I didn't care and Carmen didn't seem worried either. 

We were entirely present in the moment, in the confrontation of our flesh, in a ragged rhythm that brought us into unison. Carmen came with a yell. I was about to blow too when she said, "don't come in me. Come on my tits!" I pulled out and knelt over Carmen as she laid back against the pillows and pushed her breasts together, flicking her engorged nipples with her fingers. "Blow your cum on me! Drench my tits!" Carmen urged and I blew, spattering her luscious breasts as she moaned through what seemed to be another little orgasm while she rubbed my cum all over her breasts. 

Coming back to earth, Carmen told me, "Claude, I really needed that. Now I need to shower and get some sleep, but don't worry. We'll do this again." 

"Sure Carmen," I agreed, feeling like taking a shower and collapsing myself. 

"Come here," she said, and gave me a long tender kiss. I put on my clothes, which smelled of sweat, barbecue and fish, and quietly went down the back stairs and into my apartment. I reflected on my good luck. It was only the fourth week in September and I had already become lovers with three of my housemates. As I showered and thought about Carmen my cock began to harden, but damn, it was sore from that pounding. 

I dried off and climbed naked under the single sheet when I heard a tap at the door. "Come in" I said, suddenly anticipating that Vesna had discovered that she actually was jealous and did want a boyfriend after all. 

"That was so hot!" she exclaimed as she entered. "You two nearly knocked the place down." 

"So it was that obvious? I rejoined. 

"The others were in the kitchen banging dishes around so they didn't notice until near the end. But Kiraz saw you two slip away. She came and got me and we listened outside the door the whole time." This was pretty exciting to contemplate. 

"So you just listened?" I asked.

"Well we couldn't see in but...oh...I know what you mean. Well Kiraz fingered herself and I'm pretty sure she came. I wanted to come in there and lick all that cum off Carmen's boobs but I chickened out. I don't know if she would have appreciated that."

With these new images in my mind, my cock began to rise again, sore or not. "Do you have anything left for me" Vesna asked sweetly. I looked at her, and felt that pang of tenderness I knew I would have to guard against. 

"Vesna, you're the best non-girlfriend a guy could ask for." As Vesna sucked the head of my cock and gently stroked my shaft and balls, I alternated thinking about Carmen's awesome body, and thinking about Kiraz fingering herself at the door, and looking down on Vesna's supple body in real time as her head moved up and down on my cock. 

As I got harder and started moaning, Vesna looked me straight in the eye. I spurted into her mouth. Vesna's body shook in a powerful orgasm as she whimpered and swallowed my load. I pulled her to me and while I'm usually not one of those guys who falls asleep immediately after sex, that night I was out when my head hit the pillow. I woke up in the morning with Vesna's body entwined with mine. As I traced a finger across her delicate collar bone I thought to myself: I could definitely get used to this.