 Marie cursed as she struggled to get in through her front door. Her bags of shopping somehow conspiring against her, one of them snagging on the frame, ripping open and spilling its contents onto the doorstep. It had been a bad day for her, but nothing more than was expected at the end of a bad week. 

The message light flashed on her answer phone as she entered the kitchen, the display showed 4 new messages. Unceremoniously Marie dumped the bags on the kitchen work surface and reluctantly played back the tape, dreading what she would hear. A sickness set in her stomach as the machine rewound then started,

'You have 4 new messages, first new message' it stated, and then HIS voice spoke

'Hi babe, its me, again. Look, I'm really sorry, I love you more than anything, it was a stupid mistake. C'mon, it's been a week now, at least acknowledge my calls, and let's talk. She was nothing to me. We got carried away, please Marie, I'm begging you, just call me, please'

'No way', she said out loud, even though there was no one to hear. 

'No fucking way' she said again, enjoying the desperateness in HIS voice. He was gone for good as far as she was concerned. 

'Cheating little fucker' she thought to herself as the machine continued to play back. 

The next message was also HIM, so she skipped it, quickly moving on to message three, her Mum, confirming details for the visit on Sunday, and finally, message four, her best friend Kate,

'Hi hon, how are you? Me and the girls are heading out tonight for a few drinks. We'd love to see you if you're feeling up to it, call me'. This brought a smile to Marie's face, but a night out was not what she needed right now. Picking up the phone she called Kate, but got straight to her answer service,

'Hi Kate its Marie, thanks for the invite, but I'm just gonna curl up in front of the TV tonight. Maybe we can do lunch tomorrow? Have a good one tonight, give my love to the girls and I'll call you tomorrow, I'm unplugging the phone tonight, that Bastards been calling again. Take care hon', and as she hung up, she leant down and pulled the phone wire form its socket. It was gonna be a quiet night in, just her, a good video and a bottle of wine.

After preparing and eating dinner, Marie went up stairs, took a long hot bath and dressed in her pyjamas, then came back down, opened her newly purchased wine and sat down on the sofa. As she took poured her first glass, she reflected on the last seven days. Coming early last Friday afternoon to find her boyfriend screwing some 18-year-old hussy.

'Bastard' she thought to herself again, turning the TV on the see what was showing. Nothing took her fancy, so she leaned forward and grabbed a video. It was the blank one that she used to record all her favourite shows during the week. Deciding that she'd catch up with them all, she inserted it into the player, sat back and pressed play.

The shows ran for 2 hours, by which time the bottle of wine she'd started was almost finished. As the credits on her last show started to roll, the screen flickered, and on the screen came a familiar face, it was HIM, and he was naked.

Slightly sleepy from the wine and a long hard week, it took Marie a while to focus, but it soon became clear that this wasn't one of the videos she and HIM had made, it was HIM and HER!!

He was lying on their bed, naked with his cock hard and erect, with HER kneeling in front of him, HER mouth engulfing HIS penis. Marie suddenly found herself too drunk to be shocked or sickened, instead she was curious. Curious to see what SHE had, what SHE did that was better than her, what it was that led HIM to cheat.

As the images continued on the screen, Marie found herself becoming aroused, her nipples becoming hard. She reached up, under her PJ top and gently stroked herself, her thumb and forefinger idly pinching her nipples. She watched on the screen as SHE laid on her back with HER legs spread, and HIM going down on HER. Marie thought back to the days when HE went down on her, how his tongue always knew where to tease, probe and excite. Marie's other hand slipped down between her legs, gently pressing on and into her pussy through her PJ bottoms. Her legs started to spread a little wider. She closed her eyes, listening only to the heavy breathing and moaning coming from the TV set. She started to massage her clit through her PJs, enjoying the smooth sensation of the soft material rubbing against her, she could feel herself getting wetter, remembering how long it had been since her last sexual satisfaction.

As her hand slipped inside her bottoms, and fingers made contact with her wet hole, her fantasy was interrupted by a knock on the door. HIS voice followed,

'Marie, honey. Please speak to me, I know you're there, I can see the light of the TV, lets just talk this through'. Marie paused for a second, she thought to herself, however much she hated HIM, right now, HE was all she wanted. 

She switched off the TV and composed herself, approaching the door nervously, feeling incredibly horny. Opening it, HE stood there, looking scruffy. Ripped jeans, tatty t-shirt and old battered All Stars.

'Oh Marie' he started 'thank you, look lets ta….' Before HE had a chance to finish she pulled HIM inside, reached up to HIS head and pulled HIS face to her level and kissed HIM deeply. He responded in kind, not quite sure what she was up to. HE thought she hated HIM, but was more than happy to go along wit her wishes.

Marie hurried HIM over to the sofa, and sat down, pulling HIM on top of her, so that HE straddled her. She reached up and pushed HIS t-shirt off over HIS head. She could feel HIS heat, as HE leant down and started to kiss her neck. Her pussy was aching for HIM. She didn't want the foreplay, she'd done that before HE arrived. She unbuckled HIS belt and pushed him off her. HE stood before her and dropped HIS trousers and underwear, HIS cock stood out, right in front of her. She couldn't resist taking HIM in to her mouth. Sucking hard on HIM, sliding her lips as far as long HIS penis as she could manage, before drawing back and doing it again. She felt HIS hands on the back of her head, they slid down to around her neck exciting her even further.

She released HIS cock from her mouth and leant back on the sofa, pulling off her top, then her bottoms, before spreading her legs, her soft hot wet pussy fully exposed. HE kneeled down before her, knowing exactly what she wanted, what they'd done hundreds of times before. HE placed the tip of HIS tongue against her clit and waves of excitement shot through her. HE continued to caress her clitoris, alternating between circular motions and flicking it. She gasped as HE worked HIS magic. 

'Fuck me' she cried, 

'I want you to fuck me hard'. She didn't want to make love, she wanted to be screwed. Screwed by this bastard that had cheated on her – she didn't know why, but she wanted HIM inside her. HE rose up a little, positioning HIS thick cock against her well lubricated pussy and entered her. She could feel every inch of it sliding into her, pushing her wet lips aside.

HE started to pump into her. HIS hands holding her hips, pulling her towards HIM as HE powered into her pussy. She loved the feeling of being screwed, feeling HIS cock pounding in and out of her. Every time HE buried HIMself into her up t o the hilt, she felt HIS pubic bone press against her clit. HE pushed deep into her, making short stabs. Keeping HIMself pressed hard up against her, gyrating against her. Her breathing became heavier as HE built her orgasm. She felt HIM harden inside her, she knew HE was close. The waves of ecstasy started to flow though her body, she felt her pussy start to spasm, gripping HIS cock as unloaded deep into her. She gasped as her orgasm took a full hold of her body, her legs involuntarily wrapping themselves around HIM. Her thighs gripping onto HIS waist, forcing every last inch of HIS cock deep inside her. Her head spinning, feeling light.

She relaxed her grip of HIM, dropping her legs to the ground, lying back on the sofa feeling totally satisfied. It was the best orgasm she'd ever had. Total ecstasy washed over her. HE pulled out from her. Sitting back on the floor.

After a few minutes, she got up and left the room. She sat in the bathroom, confused as to how the man she once loved, but now hated so much had just given her the best orgasm ever. Was it the frustration? Was there still something there? Who knows, but now the lust had passed, she was back to hating HIM. Returning to the living room, she found HIM dressed.

'So, are we like, OK?' HE asked hopefully

'No' she replied, 'I want you out', and opened the door for HIM

'But' HE protested 'what the hell happened just then?'

'Goodbye' she replied. HIS further protests and questions were ignored, so eventually HE stood up, headed for the door and left the house.

As she shut the door behind HIM, she smirked to herself, reached for her mobile and started a new message,

'Give it another week, maybe we'll say goodbye again x' she typed, scanned down for HIS number and pressed send.