 I turned south at Amarillo and rode the highway at 75 mph plus. It had been a long hot trip but I had enjoyed every minute of it—especially the anticipation of what awaited me at the end of the road. 240 miles to go. She was waiting for me at the end of this last stretch. She had never met me, but we'd swapped pictures of the inter-net a couple times. She was hot beyond my wildest dreams... slim, blonde, with an ass that men would fight for. And that long silky blonde hair made me wonder what colors I would find with my tongue in other places. Swirling, soft, wanna-wrap-yourself-up-in strands of satin that can drive a man crazy... or even worse... make a man ride a motorcycle across 1800 miles of summer desert to see it in the flesh. I was driven. I had to meet this woman. Long, slim, wrap-around-you-twice kind of legs with an open invitation at their conjunction. A conjunction that I'd seen in pictures only... pictures of dildos and vibrators disappearing inside and I had stroked myself looking at them. I'd even organized them and put them in a PowerPoint presentation so I wouldn't have to use one hand on the mouse to switch from picture to picture.

And finally, I was getting close. The hot sultry wind of west Texas rippled through my moustache as I thought of other delights soon to embrace that same moustache. I had a plan that I wanted to act out with her, but it was wild and crazy, and might even get me injured. Not by her husband though, he wanted me to come down for a visit so he could watch his wife getting it thoroughly from another man... a larger man... a favor I hoped to return someday, but by the horses. I love horses. I don't know much about them, having only been riding a few times, but I loved the experience of it... the throbbing of the muscles of a strong and hearty creature between my thighs, taking me off the beaten path. But the strength of the horses... they are so powerful... capable of sending you streaking down the trail at speeds higher than almost any other kind of conveyance, but also with the strength and unpredictability that can sending you sailing over their heads to land in a heap against a tree trunk with a broken neck. You have to respect that strength.

I stopped in town, Big Spring, and called for directions to get to their place. A sweaty, sultry voice answered in a twang. Moments later I was back on board my chrome and steel steed cruising those last few miles... a mere few minutes. As I putted up the driveway, a slender figure in short, short cutoffs and a halter top ran out to meet me. She looked even better than in the pictures, and the fact that she was wearing a grin bigger than the state of Texas--a grin just for me—made it all worth the grueling days of riding in the heat. I parked the bike and stepped off, immediately ripping off the sweaty helmet and goggles and open my arms wide. She stepped inside them, ignoring my stink, or perhaps enjoying it, and wrapped her arms around me.

"Where's your husband?" I asked, engulfing her in my arms, having expected him to meet me also.

"He's still at work," she replied with a seductive smile.

"Where are your horses?" I asked.

"I'll show you... why?"

"Let's take a ride. That's all I've looked forward to the last couple of days on the road."

She looked disappointed.

"The horses are all you've looked forward to?"

"Yes, but, I think you'll understand soon enough."

She led me to the stable and saddled up a black and white mare for herself, and pointed to two other mares.

"Which one would you like to ride?" she asked, pointing toward two other mares.

"This one," I replied, pointing to the black and white. We don't need two horses."

A seductive smile flashed across her face for a minute, but then disappeared just as quickly, and I know it faded because she was not sure what I had in mind, ut she lead the mare out of the stable and bridled her. I slipped my left foot into the stirrup and mounted the mare then reached down to her extending my hand. She took my hand and started to mount up behind me, but I stoped her in mid mount and shook my head. 

"Face me--in front." Her eyes displayed an expression of intrigue, wondering what I was up to, and she complied, straddling my hips facing me. I give the mare a gentle kick of the heels to start her walking and we set off down the trail.

I stared into her face... her silken hair, big, bold eyes, full lips, and lovely shape. As we gently loped forward, her hips bounced on my groin with every clop of the mares hooves. She was starting to suspect what I was after. I took her small face in my two hands and kissed her deeply, probingly, searchingly, and thrust my tongue in time with the rhythm of the ride. She responded by melting into my mouth, matching the mare's rhythm. I think she then fully realized which mare this stallion wanted to ride.

I kicked a bit more into the mare's sides and she perked up the pace, accentuating the bouncing of her mistresses' inner spaces on my thighs, and our kiss deepened—became feverish, intense. I hoped the horse knew the way, because I was no longer watching where we were going, but was mesmerized by the pounding of the hooves, matched only by the throbbing in my groin. I looked down, between kisses, at the soft downy thighs presented just at the outskirts of those short cut-offs and began to go a little crazy. I took her arms from around my neck and raised them over her head. She was an experienced rider, and had no qualms about riding with no hands. I hooked my thumbs under her halter top and raised it over her head. Her succulent breasts bounced in time with the hoofbeats, and I leaned over to take one ripe, pert, pink nipple between my lips and sucked gently. It got so hard, so fast that I knew that she'd never done this kind of thing before, and that it must be tremendously exciting to her having an almost total stranger suck her nipples while she was riding backwards down a dirt trail, bouncing up and down on his crotch.

My mouth returned to hers and drank in her lips, as she bit and sucked on mine. I entwined my hands in her flowing hair. Reaching down, she took my belt buckle in one hand and popped it open. Then she slowly drew down the zipper of my jeans. I was so hard and sensitized that I could feel each tiny prong pop open. Then she reached into my briefs and took out my hard appreciation of her. She stroked it, lightly and languidly, and the feeling of the sweating, jolting mare beneath us amplified the pleasure.

Placing my hands beneath her arm pits, I lifted her up and she knew what I wanted. She slid the Daisy Duke cut-offs down each leg and off, tossing them playfully over my shoulder to land crumpled alongside the path. I stared at her mound... shaved clean, and I could see glistening droplets of her innermost musk adorning her lips. I wanted to taste them, but I knew that would be far too dangerous aboard a trotting mare.

Placing a hand behind each of her lovely, svelte cheeks, I raised her into position above my rock-hard head, which sparkled brightly in the sun with a drop of pre-come, and lowered her swollen lips onto it. A jolt in the road slammed her down onto me and a soft cry escaped her lips.

I am so hard it almost hurts, and I sunk into her to the hilt. Eight and a half inches buried deeply with one jolt of the mare's hooves, and I felt totally engulfed in the sun, the sweat, the motion, and her. I could smell the musky smell of the mare rising up to my nostrils, but it was mixed with the muskiness of this wonderfully wild and wet woman, who was impaled on my cock, bouncing with each step of the horse. Her breasts pressed against me and my cock reached up inside her, feeling the wetness, the softness, the hotness, and she started to bounce up and down on it in double time to the rhythm of the hooves.

Both my arms wrapped around her, held her close, and pressed her down as I felt the motion of the trot, and kicked a bit harder into the sides of the black and white. This woman was getting wetter and more slippery by the moment, and I reached down to massage her clit as we bounced and fucked down the road.

"My neighbors," she groans, between sobs of breath, "They'll see us."

"Fuck 'em" I replied, with a strong upward stab.

"Oh God, yes, fuck 'em," she replied and bounced harder up and down on my shaft.

The mare increased her speed with another gentle prod of my boot heel, and the bouncing increased proportionately. The mesquites flashed by in my peripheral vision, becoming blurred with the speed and the passion. There was no longer any need for the two of use to move... the mare was doing it all for us now. And this wonderful woman was getting so wet that we were sliding almost without friction, almost as though there was an invisible fluid lining between us, and I glanced down to see a puddle forming just above my cock, making my reddish pubic patch shimmer in the sun, and it's all from her moaning excretions. I couldn't take much more. Her moans and sobs were harmonizing with every thump of the mare's hooves. I gripped her even more tightly to me and ground my crotch harder against her. I could tell she was starting to come, as her sobs became somewhat uncontrolled and her wetness began to literally drip out over my upper thighs. I kicked again and the mare began to gallop. We were dodging along a narrow trail, narrowly missing low hanging boughs and getting completely out of control.

My cocks stiffened and throbbed with an oncoming orgasm as I felt her inner muscles tighten, and I knew she was ready to come like she'd never come before. I relished the thought that I'd been able to give her an experience she'd never had before... fucking on a galloping mare... and she began to buck wildly, uncontrollably, up and down on my glistening shaft. I could feel my come pulsing at the gate, wanting to rise up and into her, accepting no other alternative, and it's wonderful knowing that that was exactly what she wanted and needed. My cock throbbed again and started to spurt, and she cried out in ecstasy, her own orgasm taking over her completely. Her thighs suddenly clamped around me with the force of a vice, but I not only didn't mind, I loved it—welcomed it. I drowned myself in it, and with a cry, I spurted stream after stream of hot white come into her wetness as spasms shook her body head to toe.

We begin to relax and I reined in the mare to slow along with our receding lust. I kissed her intensely and continued reining in as both we and the mare began to enjoy the reduced pace. We headed back to her place, still enjoined for a time. Just at the last curve in the trail before her house, we halted, she regrouped her halter-top, and we stopped to pick up her cutoffs alongside the path. She swung back up behind me and was readjusting and zipping them up as we rounded the last corner back into her driveway. Her husband was standing expectantly in the driveway, having seen the bright red motorcycle parked there. He waved in greeting and as we rode up, said,

"I see McTeach finally made it,.. hope I didn't miss anything."