 "You're killing me! Now I know you've had too much to drink."

"I'm serious, Shauna, he's a fucking animal." Cheryl, slurring her words, continued. "I can't take it anymore."

"You've been married for 12 years, Sis! When did you figure this out?"

"And he's too fucking big."

"What? He's the same size as when you got married."

"I'm talking about his cock. Really, I can't do it anymore. All he wants to do is fuck, and he hates me because I won't let him every day."

"I don't want to talk about this!"

"Oh I forgot! Sweet little Shauna doesn't even think about such things."

"Come on, Cheryl, don't be mean. You're just angry. Why don't you stay down here tonight."

"You know I'm taking night classes just to avoid him, don't you?"

"Don't be silly! You've always wanted an MBA."

"Fuck it, it doesn't matter. Can I stay here?"

"Sure. I'll go upstairs and tell John."

"Tell him he can wank it tonight!"

"I'll just tell him you fell asleep."

Living in a duplex with your sister has benefits, but it has costs too. Shauna slowly climbed the stairs, told John that his wife fell asleep, then slowly descended back to her door. She waited outside in hopes that Cheryl had actually fallen asleep. When she entered, Shauna found that her wish was granted.

In the morning, Cheryl had no memory of the previous night's discussion. Shauna did nothing to change that.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

John answered on the third ring. "Yeah."

"Hey John – It's Shauna – is Cheryl there?"

"Nope. She's at class, like usual."

"Sorry – I forgot. I just needed her opinion."

"Anything I can help with?"

"Thanks – maybe. Can you keep a secret?"

"Sure can."

"Great – come on down. I'll leave the door unlocked."

John grabbed a beer, walked down the stairs, and entered his sister-in-laws house. "Shauna! I'm here."

Shauna replied from her bedroom. "Great! Stay out there, ok?"

"Fine. What do you need?"

"A non-judgmental opinion!"

"And you were asking your sister? You must be crazy!"

"Whatever." Shauna continued to call from her bedroom. "I'm meeting a guy I know later, and I want *more* out of our friendship."

"Its about time! Have you even had a boyfriend in the last two years."

"Don't be an asshole, John. It's complicated, and I want some help."

"OK – what's the problem?"

"He's married."

"What the fuck, Shauna? When did you become a home wrecker?"

"I'm not, and I don't want to be."

"Sounds like it to me."

"Whatever. Just help me with this: how do I approach him?"

"He has no idea?"

"Not a clue."

"I can't believe I'm asking this, but do you think he's going to be into it?"

"Not sure, that's why I'm nervous."

"Just tell him. He's a guy – be direct. But I don't think you should do it."

"Why not?"

"I think you're too nice – I don't think you would feel good about yourself."

Shauna responded as she entered the room. "That might be the nicest thing you've ever said to me." But John barely heard her words, and himself was struck speechless by her appearance.

Shauna emerged from her bedroom wearing a skintight, long-sleeved vinyl dress as black her shoulder-length hair. It's zipper, spanning the full distance from top to bottom, was open to within inches of her navel. The dress itself barely covered her ass, but beneath it only her thighs were visible: she was covered from knee to toe by high heel boots.

"So you think I should just tell him."

"Goddam Shauna, you look so ..."

"So ... what?"

"Different. So different, so out of character."

"Is that all?"

John, finally pulling his eyes from her outfit, noticed her bright red lip. "No, you look amazing."

"What should I say to him?"

"I don't think you'll have to say anything."

Shauna, stepping closer now, asked again. "What should I say, John?"

"Fuck if I know. Tell him you want him."

"Should I mention his wife?"

"He's not going to give a shit. Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Yes. Should I mention his wife?"

"Yeah. Tell him you won't fuck up his life. Tell him you'll keep it secret."

"I can keep secrets. You can too, right?"

John nodded in the affirmative, while continuing to stare at Shauna.

"OK. I think I have it. Wish me luck."

"You're not going to need luck, kid. You're gorgeous."

"Thanks, now listen. I want you, and I'll keep it secret."

"Yeah, that's right. It'll blow him away."

"John, I want you, and I'll keep it secret." 

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The look on John's face went from confused, to perplexed, to very, very serious. "I'm giving you one second to change your mind." Shauna stepped closer and stared deep into John's eyes.

When he was sure she wasn't backing away, John grabbed a handful of Shauna's hair. "You want to be treated the way you look?" He whispered into her ear.

"Yes."

A brief smile was shared before John pushed her knees. "Take it out."

Shauna undid his belt, unsnapped his jeans, pulled down his zipper, than pulled his pants and underwear down to his knees. John's cock, thick and long, but still growing, sprung forward.

"Fuck." Shawna whispered.

"Oh yeah, I'm gonna fuck you."

Quickly Shauna pulled his pants further down. "Get undressed. Right now. John – right now." John let go of her hair, pulled his shirt from his body, kicked his shoes off, and stepped out of his jeans and underpants. 

Shauna stared for a second, then took him in both of her hands. She moved as if she wanted to stretch him, with one hand pulling toward the head and the other pushing toward the base. She looked up and smiled as she felt him grow, her body slowly rocking so that his head just tapped lightly against her lips.

She kept this going long enough for fluid to emerge from John's cock, and for it to form little ropes between her lips and his head. And while he liked this, he wanted more. And in truth, Shauna was waiting for him to take charge. Which, with a handful of hair, he did.

"That's right, suck it. Show me what a hot little slut you are." Shauna needed no convincing, but his words excited her.

"Oh fuck, if I knew you were this good a cocksucker I would have taken you sooner." Shauna, motivated by his words, worked him faster and faster. When he swelled, she prepared to swallow. But that wasn't John's plan. 

Shauna's head was pulled back just before a rope of cum hit her nose, a second hit her chin, and a third her breasts. The power of his ejaculate was immense, and it excited her. "Lay back." She reached for her zipper as she did, but John stopped her. "Leave it on. I like it. I'm going to fuck you in it."

John took Shauna's boots in his hands, lifted her legs to the sky, then separated them. John stared between her legs. "Seriously, Shauna? Shaved? No panties? And, fuck, I can *smell* how wet you are." She gasped as he ran his semi-erect cock across her pussy lips. "Soon."

John wasted no time. He fell to his knees, grabbed Shauna's ass with both hands, and lifted her pussy to his face. John's fingers dug powerfully into her ass, and his tongue split her lips and entered her body. John was not graceful, but he was eager. He tormented Shauna's clit. She received almost constant stimulation by either his tongue or nose. He was relentless.

Her orgasm built quickly. When unleashed her hips thrust higher in the air. But John wouldn't stop, and a second orgasm hit, and then a third, and a fourth. Shauna could no longer take it and was striking John on the shoulders. "Stop! Stop! Too much. I can't take it ..." John stopped licking her when the fifth struck, but extended the orgasm with his thumb.

Shauna lay panting as John moved into position. His cock, now hard again, rest against her pussy lips. "I bet you don't feel like a slut, do you?"

Not knowing how to answer, Shauna simply looked up at him.

"But don't worry, I'm gonna fuck you like one." And with that he pushed his head into her. Shauna's response was all he needed.

"Big, huh?"

Shauna groaned.

"You're so fucking tight." John kept repeating these words as he worked his way into her. "So fucking tight." 

But if Shauna was in any real pain, she didn't show it. Instead, she started whispering for more. "Come on, come on, come on."

When John's movements stopped, Shauna opened her eyes to see him. He was looking down, inspecting how perfectly their bodies fit together. When finally he looked at her, he was struck by the magnitude of the moment. 

His cum soaked sister-in-law, impaled on his cock, begged him with her eyes. He would not disappoint her. He shifted his weight forward and began to take her. His thrusts were short and slow at first, but quickly became rapid and deep.

When Shauna started moaning, John almost violently grabbed a breast. The combination of pain and pleasure was too much, and Shauna exploded on his cock. John didn't pause. Instead, he threw his arm under her leg and lifted it toward her chest.

Now unimpeded, John fucked Shauna as hard, as fast, and as deep as he could. Shauna's orgasms struck repeatedly, but what excited John most were the gasps, the grunts, the hints of pain.

When he was close, he lifted her other leg, pressed all of his weight down, and forced his cock as deep into her body as possible. Shauna felt the pressure of his release, and John continued to pump his cum into her with short deep thrusts.

Afterward, the two lay there, bathed in sweat and sex, but neither spoke. John pulled away just slightly, looked at Shauna, and then kissed her passionately. It was their first kiss as lovers.

"Cheryl will be home soon. John, you need to leave." He didn't say a word, he just pulled from her, and stared at her as he got dressed. Shauna, still on the floor, watched him dress as she brought her fingers from her swollen pussy to her mouth.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"John and I are on similar schedules." Shauna thought to her self. "We both start work almost two hours after Cheryl. And Cheryl is in class four nights a week."

These were happy thoughts. Shauna took Cheryl's biggest problem away, this will almost certainly save her marriage. And that's what sisters are for.