 Dear Readers - You will get much more out of this story if you read parts 1 & 2 first. ~ox

+++++++++++++++++++++++

"I'm sure you're wrong, Cheryl."

"Fuck you, Shauna! Why are you taking his side?"

"Wow! I'm not taking anyone's side. I'm just saying that you might not want to accuse John of having an affair without a lot of proof. It's just that that is a hard thing to recover from if you're wrong."

"But I'm not. I can just feel it."

"OK, OK. Tell me why you think he's cheating on you."

Cheryl sat back down, picked up her glass of wine, took a sip, and began to explain. "His mood has changed so much, and he isn't as interested in sex as he used to be."

Shauna incorporated the information and asked the most relevant question: "Has he turned you away?"

"No, never, but he used to want it every day."

"We talked about that. You don't think it's because he now knows when he'll get to make love to you?"

"No, I don't! And that's weird too, because now he really is gentle with me. He used to be so aggressive."

Shauna held her silence long enough to make her point. "So, he is more loving and you think he's cheating?"

Cheryl, slightly angered by this, responded loudly. "Yes, I do!"

"OK. Is he going out a lot? You know, spending a lot of money?"

"No."

"Is he drinking heavily?"

"No, actually, he's kind of stopped drinking."

"Is he ignoring you?"

Cheryl was beginning to feel doubt. "No, he isn't. We've been communicating pretty well."

The phone rang before Shauna could speak, and Cheryl listened to the one sided conversation. "Hi. Oh hey, John. Yep, she's right here. Soon, I guess, we're just talking. Really? OK, I'll tell her. Bye."

"Cheryl, that was John. He made dinner for you and hoped you'd be coming home soon." The two looked at each other, but said nothing. Cheryl felt a little silly as she left, and Shauna felt satisfied. And she had been: the dampness of John's sperm in her panties was a delicious reminder.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

"I know - I know, but I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important. OK, thanks, just knock on the back door." 

Shauna hung up the phone. John hadn't been to her office since he helped move some furniture during the early days of her practice. And while it was dangerous to meet outside the house, she needed to confess Cheryl's concerns. For whatever reason, she couldn't get the words out this morning when they met, so she had to do it now.

John arrived within 20 minutes, and Shauna was happy to let him in. As he entered, he scanned the sparsely decorated room. A thin, tan desk faced the locked door. Two oversized chairs sat in a corner, separated by a small round coffee table. A large oval table was the centerpiece of the office, and around it were six heavily padded chairs. 

The room looked like Shauna - unnecessarily drab. Now familiar with her beauty, John was disappointed to see her at her conservative best. Her body was hidden beneath a mostly shapeless dark brown business suit. Both buttons on the jacket were fastened, and the skirt fell to her knees. Even the blouse underneath lacked the color of her spirit.

And while her face was still beautiful, it too was hidden. Her hair was pulled back, dark rimmed glasses sat on her nose, and she wore no make-up. John had been familiar with this version of Shauna for almost as long as he knew her, but he didn't like being reminded of it. It seemed, to him, to be a cage she chose to be locked in.

"No clients today?"

"Keep your voice down, OK? I don't want Mary to know you're here." And Mary would know - an outstanding assistant, Mary seemed to know everything that happened at the practice.

"Sure - no problem. But really, no clients?"

"I had a couple of cancellations, that's all. I'll be seeing a couple in an hour and a half."

John cut to the chase. "What did you need to talk about?"

Shauna didn't answer immediately, instead she stared at her lover. As a property manager, he covered a lot of territory, and he looked good doing it. His tan khakis fit perfectly, and his button down white shirt was just tight enough to show off his powerful frame. Shauna moved towards him and smiled.

He smiled back. "What do you need, Shauna?"

"How many properties do you manage?"

"Enough of them, what do you want?"

"Ever show any to Cheryl?"

"Sure, why ..."

"Did you fuck her in any?"

"What ..."

"I'd let you fuck me, you know?" Shauna was very close now, and barely whispering. "I'd let you fuck me in any house you wanted."

John loved seeing this side of Shauna. "Is this why you called? You want to go on the road with me?"

She smiled, but did not answer. Instead, she kissed his neck and rubbed his cock through his pants. 

"This morning wasn't enough for you, was it girl?" Shauna smiled and shook her head. "Well, I don't have that much time, babe. If you want me now it'll be hard and fast."

John didn't wait for a response, and instead moved Shauna to the center of the room, and pushed her head down on the oval table. "This is where you save marriages, right?" Shauna shook her head, and smiled at the absurdity of the situation.

John lifted her skirt and smiled. Now there's my girl, he thought. The flash of color that Shauna wore today was in the form of a red thong. He pushed her legs apart slightly, pulled the thong to the side with his right thumb, and drove his tongue into her. 

The rapid movement took her by surprise, but Shauna was able to remain quiet. When an orgasm struck, she bit down on her hand. After her second, John stood, and Shauna prepared herself.

John made her wait, and when she thought he was going to take her, he bent over her and whispered. "I'm going to make you scream." She half feared that, but couldn't deny the excitement. She gasped slightly when John inserted his head, and impatiently waited as he repeatedly pulled it out and pushed it back in. When she pushed back on him, he pulled back too.

Shauna was going crazy, and John was loving the power. But he had made a promise. The next time she pushed back, he powered forward. Her thighs struck the table with tremendous force while his cock struck her cervix. She grunted, but didn't scream. She did, however, draw blood as she bit down on her hand.

He fucked her like his cock was a weapon, like he wanted to rip her body in half, like destruction was his only purpose. The pain is what she sought, and with it brought pleasure. She found heaven after tasting hell. Her love was undeniable.

When John grew close, he pulled out, flipped Shauna on the table, and entered her again. She expected this. She knew, even if John didn't, what he was driven to do. She smiled as he flooded her uterus, the deep pressure of his release ensuring another orgasm of her own.

John separated her legs and held them high. He liked the look of his cock in Shauna's pussy. Seeing her tight little body stretched to accommodate him made him happy, and he knew that her muscles would fight back against him as he softened. He liked that too - it felt like her body was trying to hold on to his cock. Shauna was holding on, of course, their bodies forming a seal to preserve the proof of their love.

"John, you have to go."

"I know." And with that he pulled out slowly, watching as he spilled onto the floor. He felt powerful.

Shauna looked him in the eyes. "I didn't plan that - you just drive me crazy. But we do have to talk."

"Sure - what do you want?" Shauna paused as they gathered themselves and fixed their clothing. She walked behind her desk and gathered some paper towels, and then came back to clean the floor.

When she stood she said. "Kiss me, OK?" And John did, happily, and with the tenderness and honesty of words too dangerous to speak.

"You need to do two things for me."

John smiled. "Of course, what do you need."

"I need you to take me around to some of your properties, OK?"

"Sure. I have a half dozen or so that aren't rented right now. You can bring a different outfit for each"

Shauna smiled broadly at that. "That sounds like so much fun!"

"The other thing?" John asked.

"You have to be extra nice to Cheryl."

"I already am. Did she say something."

"Yeah, she thinks you're having an affair."