 I was on the road headed to Connecticut to meet Helen, my cum loving secretary friend whom you may know from another one of my stories. We'd planned to go on a sexed-up Caribbean cruise together after living in different cities for a year and I was driving across the country to meet her. En route to her house, I stopped in various cities to visit friends and see the sites.

In Chicago, I ended up hunkered down in a strip club with some old college buddies. It was your typical drinking and drooling scene until "Nina" came on stage to perform. She was a little older but it didn't show in her fresh face or firm bouncing body, it was the sensual knowing manner in which she carried herself that revealed her maturity. She knew just how to tease and gesture, gyrate and strut, and when she began stripping, the money flew onto the stage in large increments. Having her ass in my face as she winked at me back through her legs as she licked her lips made me so horny I almost drove to Helen's that night. Nina was by far the hottest entertainer present I'd ever seen on a stage.

The next morning, with a hangover in tow, I got in my car and drove through Indiana in a blur. When I crossed the border into Ohio, I had to stop for more coffee and clear the fog in my mind. Driving past the interchange to Toledo, I suddenly realized that the reason why Nina had such an effect on me was that she reminded me of Dawn. 

On a whim, I decided to call Dawn because she lived in Ohio and we'd flirted with the idea of meeting at some point. I'd met Dawn and her "husband" Lee on the Internet. Although they weren't married yet, I knew that they shared a sacred love together that most married couples cannot even imagine. They were popular on their Literotica Amateur Pictures Thread and we had gotten to know each other through e-mail correspondence and periodic phone calls. I'd read all of their stories, seen all of their pictures, and heard all of their audio files. A few times, they even let me listen to them make love—to listen to Dawn slurp and suck on Lee and to hear her cum with the sound of Lee slamming into her in the background. However, despite the incredible sexuality and eroticism of their many and varied exploits, I especially enjoyed talking to them about life and relationships. Dawn's sensual voice had a unique ability to comfort me when I was struggling and it certainly was an added bonus when... 

...She would tell me what she was wearing and that she was playing with herself as we spoke.

For the next few miles, images of Dawn flashed through my mind. Her 5' 7" feminine frame carrying a fit 120 pounds of unadulterated womanly flesh. Her cascading shoulder length blonde hair. Her deep electric eyes and her sculpted cheeks. Her "cock-kissing" lips and her "oh-I'm-gonna-cum" voice. Her "looking-back-at-you-to-tease-you" shoulders and her perfectly pert, hard-nippled breasts. Her voluptuously tight stomach and her cream glistened love-hole. Her "spank-me-when-I've-been-bad" ass and her "oh-so-very-sweet" thighs. Her slender calves and her "locked-around-my-neck" ankles. But most of all, it was her intelligently endearing demeanor and nurturing charm that intoxicated my imagination and desire. 

Dawn drove men crazy, even if it was just a response to a thread that included the words "...cock kisses...nice long, slow sucks...listen to one of my audios, close your eyes and know it's from me to you..." I can only imagine how many flash-floods of cum Dawn had been responsible for 'downloading' over the years via the Internet. I'd certainly contributed my fair share. Her posts on her picture thread were always personal and sexy and each and every man who surfed through Dawn's pictures owed a major debt of gratitude to Lee for sharing his masterful photography—the pictures of Dawn keep getting better and better.

With my cock stirring in my shorts, I dialed Dawn and was happy when her cheerful voice answered—"Hello?"

"Yes, um Miss... I was wondering if there was any possibility that I might redeem my coupon for "The Ultimate Oral Sex" today." I joked and then paused to hear her response.

"Who is this?" She giggled.

"Dawn, it's me Paul...." I laughed

I quickly explained my situation and asked Dawn if she and Lee wanted to really meet in person. I actually didn't think she'd agree to it and she said she'd have to think about it and call Lee. I hung up and waited for Dawn to call back and when she did, she told me that she had been able to convince Lee to meet for a drink that night at a hotel bar. She gave me the hotel phone number to call and make a reservation and told me that even if nothing happened that it would be nice to put a living image to the persona behind the words and voices. I agreed but became nervous after hearing her hang up. 

With my mind racing, I devised a basic plan to prepare for the evening. I need to find someplace to buy gifts for both Lee and Dawn, shave my cock, and get some condoms just in case. Driving a little faster, I gave myself the time to take care of these errands and felt both excited and nervous as I waited for Lee and Dawn to arrive. I had their faces and bodies etched in my memory so I knew that I would recognize them.

I was a little surprised when I saw Dawn walk into the bar by herself. She was smiling brilliantly, dressed the infamous short leather skirt she'd described to me and a white blouse and white stockings. Heads turned and it made me a little proud when she strutted up to me and gave me an affectionate hug. She sat down and told me that Lee had called her to say he would be a few minutes late because of an accident on the highway. We chatted for a while although I don't remember about what because her illuminated blue eyes hypnotized me. I couldn't believe that I was finally in the presence of this woman, this bombshell, a lady in the truest sense.

Lee arrived shortly thereafter and knocked me from my daze. I stood up to shake his hand and say hello before he greeted Dawn with a kiss. It was a long provocative kiss that suggested the depth of their relationship. Watching Dawn and Lee kiss so lovingly made me jealous but who was I to complain. I was hoping to see and experience a lot more in the hours ahead. 

Lee sat down and the three of us quickly fell into conversation. Overwhelmed by my nerves, I found myself rambling about my life—a past relationship with a woman who reminded me of Dawn without the long-term sexual energy or prowess. I also gushed about their relationship.

"You're both so lucky. I know I don't need to tell you that because you know it but I can't help myself. You're two beautiful people in a phenomenal relationship. I'm jealous that you've found one another so you can explore dimensions that help us become our human best."

Lee started laughing at me in a friendly way. "You've been on the road way too long Paul." Dawn looked at him and seemed to blush a little. "Yeah, but he's right about us isn't he Lee? You're so sweet to say it Paul." She moved her hand toward me in a kind gesture.

"I miss that about being involved with a beautiful woman..." I continued with a smile. "Being able to discover new parts of myself in love and feel like I'm gaining a better understanding of my life and potential."

"Paul, you are right. I've become much more complete with Dawn in my life. It's so funny to think back over the years and to remember how I thought about her in high school."

I lit a cigarette and listened as they told old stories about one another. There was lots of laughter and plenty of heart-felt glances exchanged between them. Putting this conversation in the context of the many pictures I'd seen bolstered my faith in the possibility of my finding an all-consuming love like theirs. 

Music began playing in the background and some other couples began to dance. We watched for a moment and then I blurted out, "Would you like to dance?"

"Well, I'm flattered Paul but I don't dance much myself. However, Dawn here might like a turn around the dance floor." Lee joked. Dawn squeezed his shoulder and stood up to take my arm. It was nice to hold her in my arms and sway to the music. We twirled and spun for a bit and even grinded our bodies together briefly before returning to the table—Dawn certainly could move her body erotically. Before sitting down, I announced, "I have some things for you both in my room. Nothing big, I'd just like to show you a little gratitude for all the things you've done for me."

"What's this, some sort of ploy to have your way with me Paul?" Lee joked again as he got up and led the way into the hotel lobby. I hadn't realized what a bear of a man Lee was until I was walking by his side with Dawn between us. Of course, I did want to have my way with Dawn but I also knew that Lee would cut off my precious balls if he didn't like me.

As we rode the elevator up to my room Dawn broke the silence by saying, "If you wanted me in your room, all you had to do was ask honey." I had to smile and Lee added, "I think she likes you, you may get lucky after all." He put a hand on my shoulder and added, "You're alright Paul. Pretty insightful and I actually do appreciate what you said earlier."

We entered my room and I asked them to sit as I got the packages together. When I turned, Dawn was in Lee's lap whispering as they shared a cigarette. I handed them each a box wrapped up with bows and sat across from them. "It's not much like I said."

"Feels like Christmas in August to me." Lee said as he opened his gift and Dawn watched. It was a book by a Michigan writer whose work included the topics of sexual antics and the outdoors. I thought this was perfect given Lee's status as an outdoorsman and as Dawn's finance. Dawn opened her gift next. I was worried it was too personal but I couldn't resist because her beauty overwhelmed me. It was a bigger box containing a red silk babydoll nightie with furry white trim. I thought its elegance would reflect Dawn's classy erotic splendor and I also knew it wasn't short enough to cover her glorious ass.

When Dawn didn't say anything, I grew nervous and handed them both another box. These final gifts were for both of them. Dawn's box contained a strap-on multi-speed butterfly clit stimulator as well as a string of clear plastic sex-beads. I put the wireless remote control in a box for Lee who said, "I wonder if this will work from my house to yours baby."

I laughed, still watching for Dawn's response. She looked into Lee's eyes and said, "Honey, I think I may have to open this big package so we can give Paul a little show as a gift." She reached down and fondled Lee. Unzipping his jeans, she looked at me and licked her lips. Then she turned to give Lee's cock a workout. She bent down and licked his semi-hard cock to life. 

Using her glistening tongue and wet lips, Dawn sucked lovingly on her lover's growing erection. She swallowed it down into her open throat and then came up for air before furiously bobbing up and down on it. 

A glassy look took over her eyes as her mouth caused Lee to throw his head back in pleasure. She beckoned me closer with a slight gesture and pulled away from Lee with a loud sloppy kiss of his cock. Standing up, Dawn hugged me tightly and then kissed me on the cheek, leaving a trace of precum there. She squeezed the growing bulge in my pants before returning to Lee who reached into a pocket for his digital camera. 

He took a few pictures as Dawn began to undress and then handed me the camera. I sat down in amazement as Dawn's glorious body was revealed. I lit a cigarette and sat down on the coffee table mesmerized by this goddess. Dawn playfully flaunted her body as she went back to work on Lee, making eye contact with both of us as she wrapped her luscious lips and swirled her tongue around his cock. She moaned and sucked as Lee grimaced with pleasure, her back arching and ass swaying as she milked Lee with her mouth. I studied her striking form as she undulated in this erotic motion and took some pictures for posterity. It was hard not to ravish her ass as she rocked back and forth.

I took some close-up shots of her sucking artistically and then set the camera down. As I watched the intense scene unfold, Dawn extended her hand back to me and placed my hand on her ass. I made eye contact with Lee who nodded his head in approval and then ran my fingers through Dawn's succulent pussy lips. The tender folds of her cunt were glistening in excitement and I leaned in for a closer view. I kissed her asscheeks and rubbed her clit, taking in the slick texture of her flesh and her cock-hardening scent. Having her delectable ass in my face was worth savoring and I did.

I was still a little timid at this point but as Dawn's body started pushing back at me and her head bobbed more aggressively, I inserted a finger into her and massaged her steamy inner walls. She moaned on Lee's cock, humming in response and Lee moved his hands to her head to mouth-fuck her harder. In the growing frenzy, I extended a second finger into Dawn's slit, trying to find the sweet spot inside her.

It was beautiful to watch this wanton bombshell writhe on my fingers as she loved her man with a lip-locked blow-job. I grabbed the camera with my free hand and took some more pictures. With each flash Dawn groaned and slid her mouth across Lee's slick throbbing cock into a new position. It was such an erotic display to watch and photograph that I had to move behind Dawn to lick her asshole. Her sensitive hole puckered against my tongue as I let go of the camera and caressed her thighs while fingering her faster.

The concentrated feelings in her pussy caused a clenching action that I tried to intensify with a hard tonguing of her ass. I wanted Dawn to orgasm with Lee's cock in her mouth and then I wanted her to suck my cock and let me fuck her ass. Lee was pumping hard into Dawn's mouth. I couldn't see what was happening but I could certainly hear it all. His gasping groans grew louder and came faster along with Dawn's gulping slurps. Her juices were flooding my fingers as she sucked and bucked.

Suddenly, the passion exploded through the chain of our bodies and Lee held Dawn's head down and yelled, "Oh baby! Suck it! Swallow me!" Dawn moaned loudly in response and shook her hips to work against my fingers and tongue. I sucked her ass and drove my fingers deeper with a stroking motion until she pulled her mouth from Lee's cock and cried out.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! MMmmm... Yes, that's so good." She was on her knees, her head against Lee's cum-coated cock, undulating in ecstasy with my fingers still in her. She pulled away from me and slowly her body calmed as Lee stroked her hair.

Dawn moved to curl up against Lee and looked at me. "You touched me in just the right places honey. Come here." She patted a spot on the sofa next to her and I sat down. She raised a thigh over my leg, opening herself to be played with. Lee had his hands wrapped around her, cupping her tits and I simply palmed her pussy. Dawn laid there satiated for a while, feeling our hands caress her until Lee moved to get up. 

With his semi-hard cock dangling proudly, Lee picked up the camera and reviewed the pictures in the viewer before sitting down in the chair across from us. 

"Are you feeling like a naughty slut tonight Dawn? You look like it in these pictures." He said.

"Oh, you know I am honey. Didn't you like the blow-job I just gave you?" She teased.

"The load of cream in your stomach and on your lips is your answer baby. Let me take some pictures now." 

Dawn began to unfasten my belt and released my aching cock. Lee snapped a couple of pictures and stripped before joining us on the couch to take some pictures of Dawn shining my cockhead with her tongue. My shaft felt like a lightning rod as Dawn ran her electrifying tongue back and forth across it. She laid her head in my lap and presented her ass to Lee. He did what he had done a million times and pushed into her waiting pussy. When he was all the way inside her, she propped herself back up a little to suck my balls and then deep-throated me. It was better than I could have ever imagined to be there with this dream-girl and have her mouth my cock and it only got better after that.

Lee began to ramrod Dawn's hungry pussy doggie-style as she sealed her lips around my shaft and moaned incoherently. I caressed and massaged her back and her body pistoned back and forth between Lee and I. Her mouth gasped on my cock each time Lee filled her to the hilt until he grabbed her hips and jackhammered. This caused her to lift her mouth from my cock and then nestle her face in my chest. I held her through repeated thrusts as she groaned and cried out. When she lifted her face to me, the look in her eyes was devilish and I kissed her parted lips. Her tongue extended into my mouth and I sucked on it as she shook from her lover's efforts. 

When Dawn pulled back again, Lee pulled out and laid on the floor. Dawn quickly grabbed my hand and knelt down to mount Lee's swollen cock. She sat down on it and began to grind as their eyes held a adoring gaze. 

"Oh, honey you always fill me just right. MMmm... So good honey." She said as she reached our for me. "Get behind me honey. Play with my tits Paul." Her hands covered mine as I rubbed her hard nipples with my palms. My cock was against her lower back, getting unbelievably harder as she rode Lee and leaned back against me.

Dawn began bouncing wildly with all her energy and Lee grunted under her. Her hard riding went on and on until she collapsed forward and kissed him with some messy tongue stretching.

"Oh gawd Lee! Honey, you're so big in me. Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!" She shook her hips on him. "It's time baby. I want it back there too."

I felt like I was hallucinating as Dawn ran a fingernail across her asshole. I knelt down behind Dawn and stared at the point of her union with Lee. Taking my cock in hand, I positioned myself to join their grinding bodies. My hands were all over Dawn as I maneuvered her into a position so that her body was fully extended laid out Lee with her thighs parted outside his. I crouched over Dawn and pressed my cockhead against Dawn's ass-ring and pushed forward until it was inside her. Inching forward I held myself in her as I laid on her back. 

Laying on her back with my arms holding me up, Dawn was now sandwiched between us and both of her holes were filled with hard cock. Her ass felt divine clenching on me. Below us Lee was exerting himself under all the flesh but was engrossed by the tongue kissing Dawn initiated. I flexed my cock in Dawn's ass while kissing and licking her neck from behind. 

With this wanton woman between us, Lee bucked up forcefully causing our bodies to jolt together. Dawn groaned, "Ah, honey, I'm so full. Mmu...uhh! A little more."

I repositioned myself to take some weight off Lee wanting to really work Dawn into a sexual frenzy. I could feel Lee's cock stretching his woman through her inner walls and began pumping her sumptuous ass. Her ass-ring caused searing pleasure to surge up my shaft with each thrust and I pistoned even harder. 

Grabbing her hips, I felt the intensity escalate as our bodies moved in a fusion of short jerks. Deep guttural groans echoed from inside Dawn and Lee growled for release. I rammed Dawn's ass as hard as I could and felt Lee fuck harder up into her juicing cunt.

"Oh Dawn! I'm gonna cum." I wailed as I jacked her asshole.

Dawn was shaking and softly moaning, "Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh... It feels so good." Her body began to quiver and she lost it in a series of convulsions. My cock was shooting ropes into her tight ass as Lee held his cock deep. I felt Dawn clench her ass muscles on me, squeezing every last drop from my balls. 

After regaining my senses, I pulled out of Dawn and saw that my cum was oozing from her sweet hole. Lee was still hard and began to urge his woman on with upward thrusts. Dawn answered his penetrations with an erotic corkscrewing action as she pulled on her nipples.
