 Elise sat in the coffee shop with exposed brick walls and overstuffed chairs with her laptop open in front of her. She'd been grading papers for hours - her mug of chamomile tea long empty - and her eyes were blurry from staring at the screen. When she finished scoring the last test for the online class she taught she looked up and realized the place had emptied out. There was one person behind the counter, the cute kid with the brown eyes who gave her a sweet smile along with her tea.

She recognized him as a former classmate of her twin daughters. Actually, he sang at the graduation ceremony, with bare feet and an acoustic guitar. Elise thought he was soulful and talented and said as much to the twins. She called him doll baby, which reduced her girls to giggles. "Mom is a perv," one of them said.

She saw that he was a pretty boy but she never lingered on the thought. He was like the diamond necklace in the front window of the jewelry store - gorgeous to look at but she knew she would never own it. In fact, she'd watched him in a restaurant once, enjoying the way he tore into his food aggressively, the way his jaw moved. He was dining with another kid about his age, 19 or 20, and she fantasized they were lovers. It was a nice thought, the barista with his lean but toned physique, his longish hair tied up in a way that managed to look masculine. 

Elise had a list of fantasies she could summon up at her will. She loved being 40 - the confidence, her devil-may-care attitude. There was nothing left to prove so she did as she pleased. She got up early to run because she wanted the high not because she needed to mold herself into a particular shape. If her ass was firmer for her efforts, that was fine, but it wasn't her aim. She had a casual confidence and easy sensuality. Her hair was loose, curls spilling over her shoulders and down her back, and she twirled at a strand that framed her face.

Men didn't notice her the way they did when she was the twin's age. She'd searched her own name on the internet and found a rating of her skills as a teacher and more than one student made the comment, "easy on the eyes". On her last trip to the city a young guy in a suit bought a bouquet from a street vendor and chased her down the block before she slipped into a cab. The Dean of her department at the small college where she worked hinted that he wanted to take her to dinner. Maybe men still noticed her.

"I hate to throw you out, but I have to lock up now." It was doll baby with his tight jeans and his sheepish smile.

Elise started to pack her computer into her bag and gather up her belongings.

"Not a problem. I didn't realize the time. Let me get out of your hair so you can go home. You probably have a hot date to get to."

"Not at all. I could look at you all night," he said.

"Excuse me?" Elise asked, eyes wide.

"I'm embarrassing myself," he said. He dropped his head and rubbed his eyes with his thumbs. Eyes closed and cheeks flushed, he said, "I remember what you wore on the day of my graduation..."

"Are you kidding me? 

"I'm not. It was red dress and cowgirl boots - the same pair you have on tonight."

Elise shook her head. "Wow. I'm flattered. What else did you think about me?"

"I imagined you holding my head and shoving it between your legs."

She watched the blood rush into his face once again. What a bold little boy! 

Maybe it was because she was disoriented from the screen or a bit punch drunk due to the late hour or maybe she just wanted to see if she still had it in her. Maybe it was because she felt his arousal and she knew she could get away with anything. She said, "I just grab you by the hair...?"

He nodded.

"Like this?" She slid her fingers under the hair at the nape of his neck and tightened her grip. When she brought his face down she lifted her dress with the other hand and placed him over her slit. Sheer black panties but he could smell her essence and he moaned. It felt good to be on her feet with him beneath. 

"Get on your knees," Elise said and he did as he was told. 

"Take these off." She nodded towards the panties. He reached hungrily toward her hips to pull them down.

"With your teeth. Please." She was aching to be touched but she was not impolite. 

"Yes, ma'am," he mumbled. 

He bit down at the waist band and struggled, tugging one side an inch and then the other. He tried to curl his tongue under the fabric like a hook and managed to shimmy the garment down to her knees. She pulled them off but left her boots on.

"Do you want to move away from the window?" he asked.

It was true that the room was lit and outside it was dark. They were framed perfectly in the front window but only from the waist up. She sat back onto a table to position her pussy just so with her back facing the window. It was late and she didn't see anyone on the other side but anyone passing by would see.

"No, stay where you are."

She slid the toe of her boot between his legs and even through the leather she felt his erection. It sent a wonderful jolt through her, feeling his desire.

When he touched her with his tongue her arousal surprised her. "Oh, this is so wrong," she thought. 

It didn't take much. His tongue traveled once from her opening to her clit. Here she pressed his face down hard and he sucked her little pearl with his hot mouth. Her orgasm was strong and unexpected. No one ever made her come that fast; she didn't even know she had it in her! Elise held him with both hands and moved against his hot tongue, milking the moment for all it was worth. 

If he wanted something for himself he did not ask for it. He stood before her with a question in her eyes. She'd hardly touched him and not because she didn't want to, it was just that she liked this feeling of suspense. If moved her hand toward him he quivered. "Really?" she thought. "Do I have some sort of super-power?"

"Show me how you do it when you're alone. I just want to watch." She'd never, in all her days, watched a man masturbate. Maybe as an innuendo in a movie, but never up-close. "Give me a show," she said and crossed her legs. Her position felt very powerful, the way a man must feel when he is given a lap dance. She was a lioness and he was her willing prey. His torso was soft, with a line of hair trailing into his pants. His bicep flexed when he gripped his cock and his eyes rolled back in his head. The sound of his breathing was sexy. He leaned into her, his head against his shoulder and enough distance between their bodies to accommodate his member and the motion of his hand. She kept her eyes on his cock and watched it grow thicker and redder.

"Where should I come?"

"As if!" she replied. "I don't remember telling you that you could come." His hand stopped and held his erection, a trickle of pre-come moistening the tip. "I didn't tell you to stop either!" He groaned and brought his grip down the shaft. 

"Where do you want to come?"

"On your breasts. If you would allow it." 

She held his gaze, half-smiling, amazed by his arousal and obedience. Elise lowered herself onto her knees and he moved his hand slowly, purposefully staving off his orgasm. His cock looked ripe and she was hungry for it. Her tongue reached for the head and he exploded into her, thick strands of come into her mouth before she could even get the thing into her mouth. She enveloped him with her mouth, one greedy suck up and down before he gently pressed her forehead away. So much come for her! In the past she would have spit it away but he was so beautiful, the sound of his breathing and his taste was sweet and she swallowed. They stayed in this position a moment. He closed his eyes and sighed and she watched him with a tender feeling in her chest. None of this was familiar; these hot, quick, effortless orgasms. Sometime soon she wanted to have him again and really linger. 

He pulled his jeans up and zipped them, that ridiculous strand of hair falling once more over his eye. "Can I see you again?" he asked.

She was on her feet now, reaching for her bag. 

"I'll think about it and let you know," she said. As she walked out of the room she felt her and his eyes on her, every step. She knew that she wanted him but just for now she could keep him wondering.