 Betty Jo had lived on a farm all her life, all 19 years of it. She grew up with four older brothers and had the typical father who was overprotective of his baby girl. Understandably so. She loved being treated like a princess but she could also haul her own weight around. She had no problem loading up trailers with bales of hay or helping a mare birth. But all this male overprotectiveness had her wishing there was some testosterone around that would take advantage of her womanliness. Over the past few months, her brother's had moved away, buying their own farms, and her father had lost a lot of his get up and go. So Betty Jo's parents had decided to hire on a farm hand to help out with the daily chores and lighten the load for her father. She still had to do plenty of work of course. But that was ok, it meant she got to spend lots of time with the hired help.

His name was Clint. He was 22 and had moved here from the west coast, looking for adventure he'd said. Daddy had found him at the local grocery store, standing out front and looking for whatever work he could find. Betty Jo had fallen for him instantly. He was built and didn't mind working hard. He respected her and was kind whenever they spoke. But he always had this look in his eye when he worked with her. He was always watching her body out of the corner of his eye and would suddenly to turn to readjust himself when she'd meet his eye. Every time she watched him work, the sweat rolling down him, she got this tingling between her legs that she just couldn't explain and heat would rush over her body. There had been something between them the past few times they'd spent the day together. Betty Jo had finally decided it was time to see if there could be more.

She woke up early in the morning, slipped on her skimpiest denim shorts and a halter top, and pulled her hair back in pigtails. She never bothered with makeup and so didn't put any on this morning. Her parents slept in now that they had an extra pair of hands to help around the property. Betty Jo grabbed an apple and headed out to the barn. Today she and Clint were supposed to be repairing and mucking some of the stalls. As she headed to the barn, she could already see Clint in the loft sweeping out the old hay before they laid down some new today. He glanced up when Betty Jo came into his line of vision and waved. He smiled and waved back, then went back to sweeping. As she finished her apple, she threw the core into the yard and climbed up the ladder to join Clint in the loft.

"Hey, BJ," he said as she topped the ladder.

"Hey Clint, how's the work coming?" He stopped for a minute to take a breath then turned to face her. His eyes bugged out as he looked her over, lingering on her tits barely being held in by her halter top.

"Um, it's, uh, it's going good."

"Do you need a hand?"

"Uh, yeah, that'd be great. Thanks." Betty Jo grabbed a pitchfork and started throwing hay over the side. Clint watched her for a few before coming to stand next to her.

"You know, there's a better way to use that. You'll get more hay on it. Let me show you." He leaned forward and place his hands on hers. Moving together they speared a good portion of hay and carefully threw it out the loft door. Again, they speared some hay and threw it into the ever-growing pile on the ground. Each time they moved, Betty Jo's ass glided against Clint's crotch, causing a wonderful sensation. She turned to throw out more hay, grinding her ass against him harder. She watched over her shoulder as he grimaced and shifted away from her. He stood up and turned away.

"Clint, are you ok?"

"I'm fine," he stammered, working at his crotch. She walked around him and saw his hands down his pants. He blushed a deep red as she smiled at him.

"Do you need some help there, cowboy?" Clint's jaw dropped as Betty Jo took a step towards him and started unbuttoning his jeans. He didn't try to stop her as she pushed his jeans and briefs down, his cock springing out and almost slapping her in the face. She stared at it with wonder before gently stroking it with her cool fingers. He gasped, watching her long fingers glide over his cock. He'd been watching her for so long it was a wonder he didn't blow a load right then and there. Clint's eyes widened as Betty Jo leaned closer, her soft lips brushing across the tip.

"Betty Jo, you best be careful," he moaned, trying to slide himself out of her grip. On her knees, her bright blue eyes met his before a sly smile spread across her velvet lips. 

"Oh come on Clint. I just wanna know what you taste like." Her pink tongue slipped out and lightly circled the tip of his cock. He threw his head back, stifling a moan. He didn't want to encourage her but he sure didn't want her to stop. She watched him closely as she slowly pushed his cock past her lips. Her moan resonated through him as he gripped her hair. Clint pushed deeper and felt himself tap the back of her throat. He glanced down to see her gag and push against him. Slowly, he pulled his cock out. 

"You sure do have something to be proud of there, cowboy," she said licking her lips. Clint pushed her mouth back to his cock, forcing himself into her mouth. She gripped his thighs, trying to gain some control over his motions. But he ignored her and began thrusting. 

Eventually, she became accustomed to the hard cock fucking her throat. Betty Jo ran her tongue along his cock as he thrusted. Clint let out a moan, watching her carefully. He slowed his pace down and enjoyed the feel of her mouth on him before pulling out. Betty Jo laid back in the pile of hay. Clint didn't hesitate before settling on top of her. He kissed her deeply, letting his hands roam over her curves. She arched against him, her legs scissoring as she felt herself grow wet. Clint freed her huge tits and quickly cupped one, feeling its weight in his hand. He bent lower and sucked her nipple into his mouth. Betty Jo arched hard, letting out a loud moan that echoed through the rafters. Clint quieted her with a deep kiss as he unbuttoned her shorts and slid them down. He moaned when his fingers brushed the smooth flesh of her pussy. She was so wet that his fingers slid right in. Betty Jo spred her legs, giving him full access. She watched his fingers slide in and out, causing her to get even more wet. Her body writhed and squirmed under his touch. He pushed another finger in, then another, stretching her out. 

"Oh fuck! I need your cock. I want you to deep in me." Clint growled and flipped her onto her stomach, pulling her ass up and kicking her knees apart. She gasped at his roughness but didn't complain. He positioned himself behind her, the tip of his cock pressing gently against her opening. Betty Jo squirmed and whimpered, begging for him to enter her. Clint grabbed her hair, pulling gently, and then slammed into her. She let out a scream of pleasure as he sheathed himself in her wetness. Clint gripped her hips and began slowly thrusting into her, watching her gorgeous tits sway with each push. 

He reached under and tweaked her clit, beginning to rub it in time with his thrusts. He wanted to feel her pussy milk him for his cum. Betty Jo bit her lip, trying to stay quiet. She didn't know if her daddy was up yet or not. But his cock just felt so good in her. Clint couldn't control himself. His thrusts got more powerful and closer together, he was pounding away in her.

"Oh don't stop! Please cowboy, don't stop. I'm gonna cum!" He growled and gripped her hips harder. His breathing grew heavier until he slammed into her and came hard. Clint kept himself in her until he was done and then slowly slid out of her, watching his cum spill down her thighs. Betty Jo flipped back over and stared between her legs. She used her fingers to wipe some off her thighs and slowly sucked them clean, watching Clint's eyes grow full of lust again. She ran her fingers through her cum-filled pussy, pushing it deep. 

Suddenly, they heard footsteps approaching from below.

"Betty Jo? Clint? Y'all up there?" Her father's voice permeated the erotic bubble they'd surrounded themselves in for the past hour. Betty Jo smiled at Clint knowingly as he quickly pulled his pants up. 

"Yeah, Daddy. We were just getting started on our chores." Betty Jo started fondling her tits as Clint watched, his cock already straining against his jeans. She spread her legs so he could get a glimpse of his cum still dripping out of her pussy.

"Well alright then. Y'all come on down for lunch when you're done," her father said.

"Yes, Daddy," Betty Jo replied as Clint knelt between her legs and slid his fingers into her once more, sucking one of her tits into his mouth. She stifled a moan until she heard her father retreat back to the house. Clint kissed his way up from her tits to her neck before kissing her deeply.

"Something tells me those chores won't be getting done today," he said as he unzipped his pants again and plunged his cock into her.