 The club lights flickered and flashed, lighting her face randomly. Her smiles, her laughter, it was like watching a flip-book as they flashed in front of his face. And every now and then, he would catch her glancing at him. They had flirted off and on, more on lately. Texting each other, chatting online, hanging out at the same club "on accident," all part of the veiled dance of courtship between the two. 

 But nobody could know about them. No, their intimate moments, their playful teasing, all of it kept hidden from their friends. They had never actually even kissed, but on the phone, on their computers, they had kissed, hugged, caressed, explored each other's bodies, and given each other earth-shattering orgasms. In person, they had done nothing more than hug, and even then they kept the contact brief. They didn't even dare to sit next to each other, lest they slip and expose their passion for one another.

The evening passed as it usually did: drinks, dinner, dancing among the group of friends. As the group laughed, he excused himself to go to the bar and get another round. Beers, cocktails, and of course a whiskey sour for her. He knew exactly how she liked her drinks. He knew everything there was to know about her, except how her skin felt and how beautiful her body truly was. He realized he had to go to the bathroom, and decided he would rather do that now instead of with an armful of drinks. He headed to the bathroom, spending several minutes waiting for others to finish before his turn.

 He stepped out of the bathroom, looking down and not even seeing who it was as he crashed into another person. All he saw was a cascade of chestnut hair, long, falling to the ground. "Oh, I'm sorry," he uttered as he extended his hand to help the young lady to her feet. She looked up. The woman he loved from across the table. The woman he knew better than he knew himself. She smiled softly, taking his hand and getting back to her feet. The hallway was small and cramped, pushing the two against one another. The contact became electric between them as people jostled the two, pressing their bodies against one another. 

 His back pressed against a door, and as her eyes locked with his, he felt her hand slide past his body and grasp the door handle. She turned it, and he almost tumbled into the small room. "I used to work here," she explained. "I know what this room is for." He turned, looking around the space. Just a few feet on each side, soft lighting, and a large couch dominating one wall. "Benny the owner used to sleep here when his wife would kick him out of the house. He doesn't use it anymore, but he left it all set up." He heard a lock snick into place as she pushed off the door, moving closer to him.

 His heart raced as her hands reached out to caress his chest. Oh, God, he whispered, I want this. His lips brushed against her long, soft hair as a small whimper escaped her throat. Her hands wrapped gently, slowly around his waist, savoring every moment of this secret caress. He heard her breathing deepen as her head turned to his, cocking to one side as her eyes closed and she brought her lips to his. 

 Her hand slid up his body, running her fingers through his dark brown hair as she pulled his lips to hers. His arms wrapped around her neck as he felt her body against his for the first time in more than a friendly embrace. Instantly he felt his stomach go cold as the blood rushed from his core to his face, his hands, and his growing erection. His kisses became more passionate as the moments passed, his hands began to rub across her body, stroking her hair as his hands moved down her back to her firm ass. Oh, he had dreamt of this, done this to her in his dreams, online, over the phone, but here she was. This was no dream, his hands were caressing her body and he loved it. 

 Her lips moved off his as he began to suck her neck. She held his head close to her, the feel of his lips on her body causing her breasts to swell and her sacred spot to moisten. She had also been waiting for this moment for a long time. The two had made love several times on the phone, ordering each other to cum and obeying the instructions of the other. Tonight, she knew, there would be no orders, no fantasies, no frustrated orgasms alone in an empty room. No, tonight she would feel him inside her, she would take him willingly, she would cum when he made her cum, and she would make him cum. Tonight the fantasy would become reality.

 She pushed him down on the couch and lay down on top of him. His hands pressed her breasts through the thin blouse as she unbuttoned his shirt and began kissing his chest. His fingers pinched her nipples, causing her to gasp as her hands struggled to hold herself up and open his clothing. Finally he pulled his hands back to finish opening his shirt and belt, letting her hands open his pants as he began unbuttoning her blouse. Almost tearing the top off of her, she sat upright as he pulled it off, reaching behind to unhook her bra. She ground her pussy against his crotch as he unclasped the bra and she tossed it aside. In a moment she fell forward, pressing her naked chest to his and taking his face in her hands. Her lips pressed once more on his, their tongues caressing and exploring each other's mouths as their hands flew up and down, pinching and rubbing the naked flesh they had desired for so long.

 He rolled onto his side, pressing her against he back of the wide couch as he slowed his pace. I want to enjoy this, he thought to himself as the two lovers stared deeply into each other's eyes. His fingers played lightly on her breast as her hands pushed into his open slacks, stroking the hard shaft through his underwear. They both kicked off their shoes as he began to push her tight pants down off her hips. She removed her hand from his body long enough to undo help before returning to his body and letting him continue to undress her. After a moment and some shifting, she was down to her thong underwear, the growing patch of wetness evident as he gazed on her pale, mostly naked body. He began pushing his own pants down as she quickly jumped to her knees on the sofa, her hands pushing his aside. 

 "Let me," she purred as she gripped his pants and underwear. He watched as her face turned to look at his body and he felt his clothes fall to the floor. His erect cock sprang up and he felt her soft hand wrap around it as she sat upright. He stepped out of the pants on the floor as she led him by the cock to stand in front of her. She sat on the couch, leaning forward as her hand stroked lightly on his hard cock. Her grip became firmer, dragging the tight skin across the blood-filled dick as her breath blew hot on the shaft. He felt her hand shift and her lips press on the side of his cock, a shudder of breath escaping his lips in a slow moan. They had both dreamt of this for the month or so that they had been secret lovers and now, as her lips slid against his body, he knew she would at last be his.

 Her lips slid along the shaft of his cock, arriving at the head and rubbing across the sensitive tip. Her tongue snaked out and licked the tiny slit, the smallest bit of pre-cum allowing her to slide easily as the salty, thick fluid spread across her tongue. She took the head into her mouth, eliciting a small groan from him as her tongue swirled around the head. She looked up at his closed eyes and took a deep breath as she pushed down on his shaft. She felt his cock slide into her mouth, her wet lips making the trip smooth as the head of his dick rubbed the back of her tongue. She relaxed her throat as she pushed down to take all of his cock in her mouth. The head pushed against the back of her throat as she sucked in hard and began to drag her head off of his cock. The groans elicited from his mouth made her smile as she knew he had wanted this for some time. She felt his hands gripping her chestnut hair, resting as she moved up and down slowly but knowing at any moment he might take control.

 He looked down to see her head raising off his cock, seeing her face as his cock slid out of her mouth, Her tits, her firm nipples, just visible past her hand and mouth. Oh, the sight of it! Nothing he had ever imagined could have prepared him for this moment. The feel of her lips on his cock, the sight of his cock sliding into her mouth, the knowledge that they had both fantasized about this very moment for so long. 

 Her pace increased, shallower strokes on his cock as he felt one hand tighten around the base of his cock, her other hand gripping his ass. His hands squeezed and tugged lightly at her hair as he fought the urge to take control and fuck her mouth. His balls began to tighten as a tingling sensation enveloped his cock. He knew he was close to cumming in her mouth, but he didn't what to just yet. He began slowly pulling her mouth onto his cock, began fucking her face. He knew she liked being controlled like this, and felt her other hand grip his ass. She squeezed his ass cheeks as he began pumping in and out of her mouth. He pulled back, popping his cock out of her mouth and pushing the shaft against her lips. He pulled her head along the shaft, her tongue reaching out to lick his balls as he groaned in pleasure. He felt her fingers press between his ass cheeks, pulling to expose his tight asshole. Her fingers caressed across the opening, hot and dry, teasing, pressing lightly but not quite enough to enter. He relaxed his body and felt her fingertip push in, causing his hips to jerk slightly before relaxing. She pulled her finger from his ass as he turned her head and slammed his cock back onto her mouth. He let go with one hand and grabbed her wrist, raising her hand to his mouth. He sucked her fingers before putting her hand back. Almost instantly, he felt her finger enter his asshole, pressing down on his prostate and causing a spasm as his cum shot from his cock.

 Her mouth struggled to hold the flood of cum as it filled her mouth, his cock continuing to pump in and out of her face as he gasped and groaned. Her free hand moved to her mouth to catch the semen as it spilled from her lips. His hips slowed their pumping as she leaned back, rolling her mouth across the head of his softening cock and pulling the last drops of cum from his body. She smiled as she stood and brought her lips to his, running her fingers through his hair as her cum-soaked tongue entered his mouth. The taste of his cum on her tongue excited him, causing his cock to twitch back to life once again.

 He wrapped his arms around her body, lowering her to the sofa and kneeling between her legs. With a devilish grin, he pulled her panties off and pushed her thighs open, pulling her ass to the edge of the cushion and licking his lips hungrily. The scent of her wet pussy filled his nostrils, the raw essence of her pulling his mouth to her lips. He breathed the slightly-metallic aroma of her sex in before darting his tongue lightly along the lips. She sighed as his tongue dragged slowly along the soft skin, which fell open as his tongue pushed in deeper. He swirled his tongue around the hooded clit, taking his fingers and pulling the covering back to expose the small button. He took it into his mouth, feeling her pulse through the swelling clit quicken as she pressed her hands to her thighs. 

 She pulled her legs back, resting her feet on his shoulders as she opened herself even more to him. His tongue began to slide up and down against her inner lips, pushing against her wet opening before sucking her clit back into his mouth. She felt his teeth grip the tender button lightly, holding it in place as his tongue pressed against her, rolling her side-to-side and flicking up and down. Her body shuddered under his tongue, her orgasm building quickly as she moved her hands to grip his hair. Her hips rolled against his face as his fingers slid into her hot pussy. One, then two, twisting and hooking as he pushed them in and out. He released her clit from his teeth but kept the pressure from his tongue firmly in place. Her body shuddered again as she pulled his face deeper into her, his chin now pressing against her opening as his fingers slid in and out in time with his tongue pressing on her clit. She moaned her delight as he pressed against her, wrapping his arm around her leg to pull at her pussy lips. He pulled his fingers out of her and replaced them with his tongue as he slid one finger to her asshole. 

 He looked up, pulled his tongue out of her pussy and whispered, "My turn," as he pushed his finger forcefully into her ass. She jumped at the intense feeling of his finger entering her tight ass, her body relaxing and sinking down on the finger as he grinned. She brought one hand to pinch and fondle her nipple as she pulled his face back to her pussy, placing his tongue once more on her clit. She began rolling her hips against his tongue, grinding her pussy as he fingered her ass and sucked furiously on her. Within moments, her body shook with a violent orgasm, her gasps and moans filling his ears as she pushed his mouth to drink her cum. 

She lowered her legs shakily, resting on the sofa as he leaned his head against her stomach. Her fingers stroked his head as they basked in the afterglow of incredible orgasms, sweating and panting as they rested momentarily. 

 Slowly he raised his head, pressing his body up to bring his lips to hers. She took his face in her hands, guiding his lips as she wrapped her legs around his waist. She felt his semi-erect penis against her ass and knew there was more in store for both of them. Her body tingled with anticipation of finally, after so long, so many nights of fantasizing, knowing the sensation of him inside her.

 His kisses became more forceful, his breath hot on her cheek as his hands gripped her tits. He felt her nipples, firm under his fingers and began pinching and rolling them in his hands. He broke the kiss, dragging his tongue down past her chin and between her breasts. The feel of his face buried between her large breasts made him smile as he felt her breath rush and her heart race. He slid his tongue up and around one breast, swirling around as he drew his mouth to her firm nipple. He took the nipple in his mouth, pressing it with his tongue as she moaned in pleasure. Her heels dug into his back as he arched upward, pulling her nipple between his teeth and sucking her deeper into his mouth. He released her breast gently, letting his tongue linger as his lips broke the seal he had formed. He moved his mouth to her other breast, leaving her nipple wet and hardening in the cool air as his mouth closed around her. Her fingernails raked across his back as she groaned in pleasure. His mouth worked to suck her nipples firmly as his hands gripped her, squeezing her tits almost painfully. Her teeth bared, gritted as the mixture of pleasure and pain caused her pussy to ache for him to enter her. 

 As though he had done it a thousand times before, his back shifted and he pushed himself completely inside her. She hissed through her teeth as she felt him slide in, her cunt gripping his cock as he filled and stretched her pussy completely. He rested a moment inside her, feeling her pussy grip and her hips roll as he pressed his balls against her ass. Slowly he pulled his cock from inside her, she whimpered as his head slid back from deep within her to rest just inside her lips. With a deep breath he pushed himself inside her again, eliciting a soft groan from her as her arms wrapped around his body. He pulled back again and sat a moment as they both looked down to see his cock barely inside her. She looked up, grinning, and saw his own eyes half closed as he grunted and slammed his cock deep into her. 

 She jumped and moaned form the force of the blow, feeling his hips crash against her body as he filled her more than she could've imagined. He began thrusting deep and hard into her, causing her to moan as their bodies slapped against one another. Sweat ran down his chest as he struggled to fuck her without summing. She would always tease that he wouldn't last five minutes. He glanced at a clock on a nearby table, determined to make sure he lasted at least six. He leaned down, hips rolling to pump slowly into her as he whispered, "It's 11:29... You say five minutes, huh?" With that, he pumped sharply, making her whimper as he slammed himself into her. 

 "Oh..." she moaned before looking up into his blue eyes. A smile spread on her lips as she whispered, "Fuck me, babe. Lets see what you got! Because I promise, you'll cum in five minutes!"

 Resting his cock inside her, they both looked at the digital readout on the clock, waiting for the numbers to change to 11:30. The instant the numbers changed, he began slamming his cock into her again. Grunting as he fucked her, her hips rolled as she dug her nails into his back and her heels into his ass. She was determined to have his cum inside her cunt before that clock read 11:35, and she fucked his cock to make him cum and prove her right. Grunting and groaning, her voice urging him on. "Yes, fuck my cunt! Fuck me," she whispered, pumping her hips upward against his as he pushed his cock in and out of her body.

 The feel of her gripping his cock, rolling her hips, scratching his back, he wasn't sure he could last six minutes. He slowed his pace, fucking gently as he licked her neck and kissed her lips. He had wanted this for so long, and there was no way he was going to stop, even if he did cum, until they both collapsed in a heap on the couch. He felt her cunt pulling on his cock, milking him, and he knew if he didn't do something he would surely cum in her long before the five-minute deadline was reached. He pulled his cock out, pushing the head against her clit and making her moan as he rested. He pushed the head against her ass hole, threatening to enter her ass before sliding back into her cunt. The heat from her pussy relaxed his body as he moaned and felt himself sink into her. He pressed his body against hers, resting and pumping lightly as he willed the clock to go faster. 

 11:34

 He was so close to cumming, he felt the urge to fuck her hard building in his body, the numbing in his cock telling him he was about to cum as he lifted his body from hers. He gripped the couch in his hands, Focusing on the feel of the worn leather in his hands rather than the smooth cunt griping his cock tightly. Pulling his cock almost completely out, he stared into her face, watching her expression as he slid slowly back into her. Her eyes closed as he pushed in, a smile spreading on her face as he gently pressed his balls on her ass. He pulled back, making her mouth open as she opened her eyes to look into his, then he pushed in more forcefully. Her eyes closed again as she moaned, the feel of him filling her completely, firmly. His fucking picked up the pace as he began pumping harder and harder inside her, his balls squeezing as his orgasm built. Her moans filled his ears as she felt his body press on her clit over and over, her own fingers rubbing her clit to bring her orgasm in time with his. 

 11:35

 Just one more minute, and he could claim victory. He pushed side to side, his cock stretching her cunt to the limit as he changed his angle and speed at random. She gasped, her orgasm so close as she felt his cock begin to twitch inside her. She rolled her hips once more, milking his cock and causing him to gasp and hold her leg tightly as his cock slid in and out of her cunt. His sweat dripped onto her belly as he grunted with the effort of fucking her, struggling to prevent his cock from erupting inside her quite yet. So close, so close.

 11:36 

 Almost on cue, his cock went cold as his balls began to empty inside her body. The feel of his thick cum shooting into her pussy pushed her own orgasm out and her juices flowed freely down her ass on to the sofa. His cock continued to spasm as her cunt gripped reflexively, soaking up all of his cum inside her body as her own juices flooded out. Exhausted, he rested his body against hers, panting as his cum dribbled out of his softening cock. He remained inside her as she squeezed him lightly. Their lips met once more and they shared a passionate kiss as they both glanced at the clock.
