 "Right on time," I thought as I watched Diane's black luxury sedan pull into the parking lot. She parked the car and got out, checking her reflection in the window tint. Diane was indeed a beautiful woman. I thanked my lucky stars for the millionth time as I watched her straighten her skirt, touch up her lipstick and make her way to our room. Diane was dressed to the nines in a black, short skirt that hugged her hips in just the right way. Her blouse was satin, maroon in color and perfectly accentuated her perfect breasts, pert little nipples poking out appropriately. On her feet was a very sexy pair of ankle strap heels, also maroon in color, which looked to be at least four inches tall. Diane was indeed a strikingly beautiful woman! 

My cock started to stir as I looked at her. I loved how her hair bounced just so with each step she took. She took purposeful, confident strides as she walked closer and closer. She was a vision of sexiness and femininity but at the same time broadcast an attitude that said "Don't fuck with me!," to all who might be watching. Diane checked her watch and took a breath, and then she knocked on the door.

"Come in," I said softly from my position to the left of the swing. Diane walked into the dark room, her eyes adjusting to the flickering candlelight that was the only illumination. I stepped behind her quickly and shut the door with my boot while wrapping my arms around my Diane. "My Diane," I liked the sound of that. I pulled her hips toward me grinding my rapidly hardening cock into the crease between her lovely ass cheeks. With one hand I pressed her against me and with my other I parted her hair, baring a spot on her neck for me to nibble and bite. Diane moaned and surrendered to my touch, giving herself willingly to me for my hands and mouth to explore. I nibbled and bit at her neck and earlobe, all the while working my hands up her sides until I found her breasts. I cupped them and lifted up, feeling the heft before feeling my way to her nipples. I began pinching and gently twisting her rock hard nipples thru the fabric of her sheer blouse. Diane wasn't wearing any underwear and her body was responding to my efforts in a most delicious way. She softly moaned as I worked her nipples, pinching, twisting, and then starting all over again. 

My cock was about to burst out of my jeans now and I needed some release. Pulling Diane away from me I turned her around and looked into her eyes. What I found there was pure, unbridled, lust. Diane looked as if she would devour me in an instant! Pulling her close to me again I opened my mouth and slowly licked her lips. Slipping my tongue into her mouth I kissed her deeply, my tongue exploring each exciting area of her sexy mouth. With my hands I reached around and unzipped her skirt, pulling it off of her hips and sliding it to the floor. Breaking our kiss, I pushed her down on the bed, her hair splaying out and framing her face in the candle glow. I unbuttoned her blouse being careful with the satin material and discarded it on the nightstand. I paused, taking this vision I had created in. Diane was gazing back at me, a demure smile on her lips, dressed in only her garters and heels, waiting on me to make the next move. Deciding how to proceed I stripped off my shirt and unbuckled my jeans. I kicked my way out of my boots and shimmied out of my underwear until I was standing in front of her buck naked. 

My cock was rock hard now, and throbbing with each beat of my pounding heart. I wanted her desperately, but I was determined to take my time. Kneeling down before her I moved between her legs. Lifting Diane's legs into the air I spread them and inspected my target. She smelled sweet and musky, a woman anxious for her man. I thought again to myself how lucky I was to be that man. With my fingers I gently spread her open and began planting small kisses on either side of her sex. I kissed one side then the other, working my way closer and closer to her lips. Starting at the bottom of Diane's slit; I forced my tongue into her. With long, slow, broad strokes I licked between her legs, pausing at random to rapidly flick my tongue back and forth across her clit. I could feel Diane squirming and bucking beneath me but I held her fast. Increasing the tempo of my licks I started driving my tongue deeper and deeper into her with each stroke, reaching as far inside of my Diane as I could. Her stomach heaving, I could tell that she was getting close and I was determined to rapidly push her over the edge. With that I started flicking her clit back and forth furiously, pressing my tongue as hard against her as I could. Diane squealed and climaxed, hard, drenching my face with her juices. I kept at it as long as I could as she was thrashing and bucking, attempting to dislodge me from my task at hand. Slowly, I relented, flicking less and less, reducing the pressure I was putting on her gorgeous pussy. Then, I stopped. Backing away I crawled up next to Diane, her body sweaty, her eyes closed, her chest heaving. Pulling her chin toward me I parted her lips and kissed her again, deep, long, and wet. Note to self, "Self, you have a good woman here."