 I watched as she slowly came back down to earth. The color returned to her face, her chest ceased its heaving, and her heart returned to a normal pace. "Time for round two," I grinned wickedly to myself. I had given my lover a tremendous orgasm, but I still had a rock hard, throbbing cock aching for release. Straddling her, I inched my way forward, my cock swaying obscenely to and fro in front of her face. I grinned at her and she smiled a huge smile, and then opened her mouth and pulled me toward her. In the flickering candle light I watched as inch after inch of my hardon slipped between her painted lips. She sucked me in with gusto, yet making sure not to catch me on her teeth. Now it was my turn to moan as Diane's velvety soft mouth closed around my dick like a warm, moist, inviting glove. Sucking me in and then pushing me back out again she alternated between taking me deep and sucking just on my head. I could feel my orgasm starting in my toes. I tried to hold on but it was no use as Diane's efforts started to produce her desired effect. I felt that familiar tingling and then I erupted, shooting spurt after spurt of my hot cum down her throat. I gasped as Diane moaned around my cock while pumping me for more. Exhausted I rolled over on my back with Diane still coaxing more cum out of my deflating cock. Now she was kneeling over me, her hair softly caressing my legs as she worked me up and down. To my shock, I began to get hard again.

Diane looked up at me and grinned, her lipstick a mess, her hair going every direction, and gripping my now hard cock in both hands. With that she threw a leg over me and leaned forward, her hair hanging in her face. Reaching forward she took my face in her hands and held my gaze for a moment. Then she forced her tongue into my mouth and kissed me hard. Holding the kiss, I felt her lower herself onto my pole. My eyes widened as I felt her slip my cock deep into her pussy until I was buried to the hilt. Diane started moving up and down on my dick and I steadied her with my hands, or tried to. She took my hands off of her bouncing hips and placed them both squarely on her breasts. I took my cue and began pinching and twisting her nipples, occasionally pulling her down to my hungry mouth. 

Diane reached up and pulled her hair away from her face; throwing her head back she bit her lip and let her hair cascade down over her shoulders. Pulling my left hand off of her nipple she slowly sucked my middle finger into her mouth. Running her tongue up and down my finger she looked down at me and smiled. Then Diane closed her eyes and gasped. Her face contorted, Diane screamed out my name and came again. I pinched her nipples hard and held her fast as she bucked and ground herself on my cock. Collapsing on top of me she laid her head on my shoulder and shuddered, trying to collect her breath. Rolling her over onto her back I slipped out of her and got up. Rolling a condom over my still rock hard dick, I glanced at Diane and at then at the tube of lube on the nightstand. 

"Let me do that baby!" Diane cooed as she took the tube from my hand. Squeezing a generous amount onto my dick Diane proceeded to work her hand up and down my shaft until she had me coated from top to bottom. "Are you going to put that where I think you are going to put that?"

"Yes I am!" I grinned wickedly.

Diane pulled herself up onto all fours and raised her delectable ass in the air. Looking back at me she smiled broadly and licked her lips. I positioned my head at her hole and smeared a good amount of lube around the opening. Pushing just a little I watched as the head started into her. Diane threw her head back and moaned, her hips pushing back against me. I set up a good pace, slipping deep into her ass and Diane pushing back against me, trying to get me ass far into her as she could. Harder and harder she rode me, as my second orgasm of the night began in my toes and rushed up through my dick until I came again. I felt my stomach contract and then what felt like the force of a freight train came blasting up out of my dick! Diane sensed this and screamed as her orgasm tore through her setting all her senses on fire! Exhausted, she collapsed onto the bed and I held her, breathing hard, chest heaving, feeling like I had just run a marathon. I moved her hair out of her eyes and kissed her again, tenderly this time, enjoying the smoothness, the texture of her lovely lips. Rolling her off of my again limp cock I slipped in behind her, snuggling up against her divine bottom. I put my arms around my Diane and held her close wondering for the million and first time what I had done to deserve to find such a fantastic woman.