 "What do you think of her?" I asked Diane as I pointed out the brunette dancing by herself on the edge of the floor a few feet away. 

"Hmmm, she is cute," Diane agreed "I will see if she wants to dance." 

With that Diane got up and wound her way thru the crowd working her way onto the elevated dance floor. I took another sip of my beer and watched the scene begin to unfold in front of me. Diane looked hot as usual dressed in her tightest jeans and her spike heeled boots. She had on a dark blue silky top that barely covered her delicious breasts and tied around her neck like a bikini. "God she is sexy!" I thought to myself as I watched her start to bump and grind to the hip hop beat that had just come on the sound system. It never failed to amaze me how in a "honky tonk" like this place the floor would be jammed with women, mostly beautiful ones, dancing with each other when they played this crap. Oh well, I guess it served our purposes for the evening. Snapping back to reality I saw that Diane had managed to get next to the Brunette and was dancing with her. Diane was moving with the beat of the music, getting herself closer, then backing off, then moving in closer still to her partner. Diane held her arms high and tossed her head in time to the beat, her hair flying about, a sultry look on her face. Her new friend reached out and put her hands on Diane's sides, feeling up and then down her torso while bumping and grinding in time with my beautiful wife. Slowly Diane brought her arms down onto the shoulders of the Brunette and looked at her poutingly. The Brunette smiled a wicked smile back at her and allowed her hands to slip down ever so slightly until she had a hold on Diane's incredibly sexy ass. I swallowed hard and shifted uncomfortably as I now had a raging hardon. Fortunately for me it was dark in here and no one would notice. 

Just as I was wondering how this could get any better a ballad came on and the girls moved right into a slow dance step. The Brunette led and Diane followed her around the floor, spinning and turning at all the right times. I looked around to see if anybody else was watching the show and nobody indicated anything out of the ordinary. I finished my beer and the song ended. Regaining my composure I watched as Diane led her new friend over to our table. 

"This is Susan," Diane introduced, and the Brunette extended her hand to me. 

Taking it I squeezed gently and took stock of her. She was about the same height as Diane, with long, dark wavy hair and high cheekbones. Her eyes lit when she smiled, just like Diane's I noted to myself, and her body was shaped well. From her grip I surmised that she knew what the inside of a gym looked like. Susan was dressed in a long sleeved top, red in color that matched her lips. It was low cut and showed off her breasts nicely while the sleeves had a wide mouth and hung past her hands. Jeans were Rockies or Cruel Girl or some other brand of killer cowgirl apparel. All in all a very attractive lady. My baby had picked well. 

I offered to get everyone a drink and set off to the bar. Returning with three beers we chatted for a while and Diane and I danced the next song or two and then Susan and I danced the next. Everyone was feeling relaxed when Diane, as planned, announced she had to go to the bathroom. Before Susan could say anything Diane set off toward the powder room. 

"Diane finds you quite attractive" I grinned leaning over the table so Susan could hear me over the sound system. 

"Really!" Susan feigned surprise. "I find her quite attractive as well, and you're not exactly chopped liver yourself! "Well now," Susan continued "you two have quite a little system going here don't you?" Susan raised her eyebrow with a smirk. 

"Yeah, I guess you could say that." I replied. "So? Would you like to come back to our house with us or not?" Now it was my turn to raise my eyebrow and grin. 

"Sure, you two are fun." Susan smiled. 

"Perfect timing my dear" I said as Diane walked back up and put her arms around me from behind. "We are all just about to leave." Diane smiled a wicked smile of her own and accepted my arm around her shoulder. In my other arm I had Susan and the three of us made our way out to the truck.