 Diane got up from the bed and went over to her closet. She looked over the rows and rows of shoes she had lined up completely covering one side of the walk-in. 

"Hmm," Diane thought to herself, "He loves those. I think that pair will do nicely." 

She selected a pair of black patent leather sandals that sported a 5 inch heel. Diane sat at her dressing table and crossed her legs. Glancing over at me she smiled mischievously and placed her hands on her ankle. Diane slowly ran her fingers up both sides of her leg, feeling the smoothness and the curves. I was watching intently while absent mindedly playing with my rapidly hardening cock. She looked at me again and licked her lips, her tongue moistening first her top lip and then her bottom. Grinning she picked up a shoe and slipped her foot into it, the soft leather feeling cool against her skin and tight as she pulled the strap around her ankle and buckled it. Crossing her legs the opposite way she picked up her other shoe and looked at me, slowly running the tip of her tongue from the back bottom of the stiletto heel up to the top. 

I was breathing heavier now, my face flushed and my cock hard and standing at attention. Diane was such a sexy woman and I was the lucky guy to have won her heart. Damn she was turning me on! Diane was enjoying putting on her little show for me and she smiled at me wickedly as she finished buckling the strap on her other ankle. Standing up Diane strode purposefully across the room and released the strapon from the chair back where I had left it. Walking back to the "toy chest" she retrieved the two attachments that provided her with as much stimulation, or more, as the dildo itself provided its target. Slipping first the anal plug onto the bottom strap and then the vaginal one she daintily stepped thru one leg of the harness. Grabbing the tube of lube Diane liberally applied slippery stuff to the two plugs. Looking at me she closed her eyes and slowly inserted the anal plug into her ass, her lips parting slightly as she enjoyed the penetration. That done she slipped the vaginal plug between her lips and pushed it into place. I heard her catch her breath as she got both plugs situated and pulled the straps of the harness tight, firmly positioning her "cock" against her pubic mound. Diane stood up straight now, six full feet of goddess, her hands on her hips, a wicked grin on her lips.

"Come here now baby," she commanded. 

Getting up off the bed I walked to her, my aching cock swaying obscenely back and forth in front of me. 

"Give me your hands Lover."

I reached out and Diane snapped the handcuffs over each wrist, locking them tight. Leading me over to the chair Diane proceeded to bend me over the chair back and tie my hands to the front of the seat the way I had done her. Next she walked around behind me and slid a leg inside mine. Spreading first one leg and then the other she tied my ankles to the chair legs with rope she had retrieved from the toy chest. Satisfied that she had me secured Diane stepped back and admired her work. Walking in front of me Diane held the tip of the dildo in front of my mouth. 

"Ready for this baby?" she asked looking down at me. 

I grinned and nodded my head. 

"Good! Because you are getting it ready or not!" she laughed. 

Walking around behind me Diane slipped a condom over the head of the dildo and rolled it down into place. Next she squeezed a generous amount of lube onto the head of her "cock" and put her hand over it. Diane started sliding her hand up and down the shaft as if masturbating. She was watching me all the while and watching my cock drip copious amounts of pre-cum. Walking around behind me Diane positioned the head of her dildo against my opening. I felt the pressure on my hole as Diane pushed forward, gently but firmly forcing the head of her dildo into my ass. I gasped as I felt the cool, hard phallus slip into me. Diane watched as she pushed the head into me. Pausing to enjoy the wave of pleasure that had washed over her, she took my hips in her hands and pulled her mound toward me, watching as inch after inch of the dildo disappeared into me. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" was all I could say as I felt the dildo stretching me open. 

I relished the "full" feeling as Diane pushed more and more of the 8" cock into me. Looking down, she gasped as the balls of the dildo reached my ass. She had the entire length of the shaft buried in my ass. Diane paused for a moment enjoying the sight, and then she started moving back, pulling the cock from me before pushing it back in. She started slow at first, gently but firmly, leaving no doubt as to who was in charge. Holding my hips tight, Diane set about pushing the dildo into me until her balls slapped at my ass and then pulling nearly all the way out, stopping just before the head popped out. 

"OH! DIANE! OH!" I gasped as she fucked me, working the dildo in and out of my ass, sending waves of pleasure thru me. 

I could feel her building up as well, her climax approaching as the plugs on her harness worked their magic on her clit and in her ass as well. 

"OH BABY! I'M GOING TO CUM!" she screamed as her orgasm hit her like a tidal wave. "OHHHHHH!" Diane cried out as she drove the dildo into me with urgency. 

Just then my own orgasm started from deep within me. I felt it rushing to the surface as I flushed hot until my cock shuddered and erupted shooting spurt after spurt of my hot cum all over the chair back. Again and again I came, sweating and hot, until I felt my heartbeat start to slow. Diane slowed her relentless thrusting and leaned over my back, resting her head and body against mine. 

"Oh god baby" was all I could say as she slowly stood up and pulled the dildo from me. 

Stripping off the condom she deposited it in the trash and set about untying my legs and hands. I stood up and took a deep breath studying Diane's face as she unlocked the handcuffs from my arm. 

"I love you so much baby" I whispered. 

Saying nothing Diane wrapped her arms around me and pulled me close to her. Slipping her tongue into my mouth she kissed me long and wet. 

"Me too Barry, me too."