 Barry never ceases to amaze me. After all the time we have been together, the extent of his love for me is overwhelming at times. Susan, Stephen and Melissa. All first experiences for me that Barry has been adventurous enough to indulge me in. I would say that is the best way to describe our relationship, firsts, and a lot of them.

As I lay here in our sleeping car contemplating, the train speeds on thru the night, careening toward its next destination. I gaze at my husband and wonder what it is I have done in this life to deserve him. Barry caters to my every whim and I to his. Resting my head on his sleeping chest, I listen to his deep, even breaths, I find myself flashing back to other firsts we have shared together over the years, each and every one erotic and exciting.

It was a Friday afternoon when he flew in from Houston. I could not wait to see him as it had been days since we had been together. I arrived at the airport just in time. Walking down the concourse in my tightest jeans and a form fitting shirt, braless I might add, I spotted Barry right away. My heart jumped, my nipples got hard as rocks and I felt a familiar wetness beginning in my g-string.

In my fantasies I would have taken him to the nearest bathroom and given him the most intense blowjob he had ever experienced, but...I knew there would be plenty of time for that. After a moment or two of tongue wrestling in front of the masses we made our way to our car.

Barry hadn't had a decent meal since he departed so we made our way to our favorite hang out for a sandwich and a few drinks. On the drive Barry told me how stressful his trip had been and how he hadn't slept well since he'd left. Neither of us gets a good night's sleep when we are not entwined together beneath the sheets.

I took it upon myself to help relieve Barry of some of his travel tension, and slowly made my way to the crotch of his jeans as he drove. It did not take a minute of stroking before I felt the familiar hardness beginning to bulge. Barry looked at me with an evil grin. 

"Just exactly what is it you are doing my lady?"

With an equally wicked smile I proceeded to unzip his Wranglers.

My mouth was watering. All I wanted to do was plunge his perfectly rock hard cock between my lips. I nuzzled at his navel for a moment before I started wrapping my lips around Barry's throbbing head. I could feel every pulse in his erection as I slowly sucked him into submission. With one hand on the wheel and one hand full of my hair, Barry began to moan as I fucked him with my mouth.

I could feel his hips beginning to shudder when I took him deep down my throat. My own pleasure was brimming. Barry's gentle hand was pushing down on the back of my head as my mouth plunged over his throbbing cock. I had longed for the taste of his delicious cum passing my lips and I was about to achieve my reward. While squirming in his seat Barry moaned, "OH DIANE! OH BABY!"

Barry's release was what I had dreamed of all day. I was thrilled at the warmth of it as it trickled down my throat; I was thrilled at the feel of him as he crossed my tongue. I couldn't let one drop go to waste. I sucked until all of his contents had been consumed. I felt fulfilled and so did he. The tension...vacant from his face but what had returned was the beautiful smile that I had missed so much. I kissed his neck and rubbed my hands through his hair before finding his sweet tongue dancing with mine at a stop light. I couldn't have asked for anything more.... Barry was home.

We had a late afternoon snack and a few beers, but we were feeling a little naughty. Before we headed home Barry pulled into the parking lot of an establishment that I had never visited. Not knowing exactly what to expect, I reapplied my lipstick and waited for him to open my door.

I could hear the thump of the music as we paid the cover charge. Inside it seemed dark, my eyes taking a minute to adjust from the effect of the outside sunlight. Soon I could make out the outlines of several beautiful women dancing on various stages. My heart began to pound in anticipation. Part of me felt awkward, part of me embraced the voyeurism. I stood transfixed, watching the women as they danced, so seductively, it seemed that all of them were dancing just for me. Barry took my hand and we made our way to the next vacant table.