 The club was alive with excitement. I had never been to a strip club and Barry knew that. He was as protective as he was aroused by the thought of me gazing upon these bare women. I made my way to the table with him in hot pursuit.. I could feel his hands upon my ass as we took a seat.

Almost involuntarily, I tried to avert my eyes from the nakedness that was so easily displayed before me. Finally I mustered up my courage and looked around. I found one beautiful girl after another. My gaze went to Barry and I could sense that he was enjoying every moment of my astonishment. The scene was almost surreal, the music, the lights, the bumping and grinding that my eyes had tried to avoid for the past several moments all combined to form an erotic assault on my senses. 

We sat down and had several drinks. Then the barmaid came around with small shots served in test tubes, my one and only weakness.......well maybe my ten and only weakness. Barry ordered one for me and I shortly thereafter ordered several more. I was ready for a pole dance myself! Barry headed off to the mens room.

Upon his return I was watching a lap-dance in progress another table away. It was hard to avert my gaze from the obvious pleasure that was taking place before my eyes. I smiled at Barry as he took his place at our table. I was alive with excitement. I wanted to straddle him right then and there. So...I did.

I plunged my tongue between his lips and reached my fingers down where my mouth had parked just an hour before. I felt like I was on fire. The idea of Barry and I in the nearest broom closet......Whew. I would have gladly invited it. I was aching to feel him working his cock in and out of my wet pussy. 

The music changed to a softer beat and a pretty girl made her way to our table. She began running her hands through my hair, nuzzling my neck and whispering into my ear. All the while she was waving her gorgeous ass across Barry's lap. I had a feeling they were up to something.

Another R&B song came on and she asked me to sit just so in my chair. My baby had bought me my first lap-dance! Dressed in a white lace bra and g-string she began to work her way up and down. Heels, garter...the works. I was in awe. As she ground herself onto me I couldn't help but glance over at Barry and see the immense pleasure in his eyes as he watched my soft fingers writhe up and down her slender body.

The dancer worked her pert little nipples as close to my mouth as possible. How I wanted to have one flicking back and forth across my tongue. I couldn't keep my hands off of her.

As the song came to an end I had an incredible urge to hit the ladies room so I could pleasure myself for a few minutes. I decided it was time for Barry and me to head home instead.

On our way to the car we made several pit stops to grope each other. Barry leaned my body up against our car and ground his hard-on against me. I knew there was no way we were going to make it back to the house. Barry sensed that I was ready to get down to business.

The parking lot was not exactly well lit but there was a security guard making the rounds. He seemed to ignore us as we jumped into the backseat of the car. In what seemed to be a matter of seconds, Barry had my jeans and G-string completely off and his face buried in my wet snatch.

I had my hands on either side of his head as he sunk his soft tongue inside of me, his nose rubbing back and forth across my button. My hips were moving erratically, grinding myself harder as he licked me with abandon. I could feel myself about to explode.

With that, Barry looked up at me and grinned. He made his way up to my hungry mouth as he lowered his jeans. We exchanged passionate kisses and sucked on each others lips, our tongues swirling with each other's. Barry positioned his huge hard cock against my slit. Then he was inside me; it was a welcome intrusion! I moaned as he entered me, inch by inch until his balls were pressed against my ass.

Slowly but deliberately, Barry pounded me deeper and deeper until my back arched and my own orgasm raced through every part of my body. 

"Oh Baby! Barry!" I gasped. I could feel the sweat begin to break out on his back as he fired off his second round since he landed several hours ago. He was speechless.....and so was I.

We lay like that for a moment, giggling and spooning, knowing that we should regain our composure in this seedy, yet public of public places. So we jumped back into our clothes as quickly as we had shed them.

As we made our way out of the backseat to switch into driving mode, the security guard we had noticed prior to our fuck-fest was sitting at his station staring into a monitor. It would appear that the camera in question had been pointed directly at our vehicle the entire time!

He wore a sly grin as we made our way out of the lot. "Ah....have a good evening! And......PLEASE....CUM AGAIN SOON!"