 Diane looked up at the video screen mounted high on the wall of the bar and frowned. She glanced down thru the reading glasses perched on the end of her nose and selected "4" on her keypad – fold. She had a four of hearts and a five of hearts in her hand, and the bet that was coming around was over a thousand bucks. The flop came down and revealed a six, eight, and seven, all hearts. "Jeepers!" Diane groused. 

I studied my wife from my vantage point just out of the entrance to the bathroom. She was sitting on her stool, legs crossed. Diane looked stunning again, as usual. She was wearing her hair pulled back, a clip holding it in place on the back of her head. Her top consisted of a blouse that scooped low in front revealing her ample cleavage and a light sweater on top of that. She was wearing a well-traveled pair of blue jeans, slightly frayed and wide at the cuff, almost bell bottom shaped. They fit her curves perfectly, showing off her delicious ass. On her feet she wore her newest pair of heels, a pair that I had picked out by the way, that had a groovy, retro look to them. They were black leather ankle straps on top of a slightly clunky heel and they looked like they were right out of 1978. My cock started to harden just gazing at her.

I wasn't the only one who thought my wife was lovely. I picked out at least three more guys playing hold'em who were checking her out either surreptitiously or outright. And there sat my Diane, beautifully oblivious to the casual lust that was sitting all around her. That was one of the qualities that attracted me to her so in the first place. She was beautiful but she didn't realize it. That was okay by me. 

Walking across the room I approached Diane from behind and slid up behind her. I slipped my arms around her waist and pulled her against me, my now fully erect cock pressing against the small of her back. Leaning over I nibbled on a spot right where her shoulder ends and her neck begins. Working my way up her neck I nibbled and sucked pausing to exhale my warm breath on her earlobe. Then I nibbled on her some more and slipped my tongue into her ear. Diane, now squirming and protesting my efforts, shrugged me off of her.

"Stop it!" Diane exclaimed laughing. "I'm trying to win a hand here!" 

"Sheesh! Sorry!" I feigned indignation at this affront to my advances.

"Oh puuuuuuuulease!" Diane rolled her eyes. "You stop acting that way or I shall give you a sound spanking when I get you home!"

"Promises, promises." I retorted. "Anyway how are you getting along there Beautiful?"

"Well I would have been doing fine had you not accosted me causing me to miss my turn!" Diane narrowed her eyes at me. "I think you will indeed get a spanking tonight my love, and then I am going to break out, the toy!" 

"Oh no!" I recoiled in mock horror.

"Oh yes!" Diane grinned at me.  "Well in that case..." my voice trailed off and I shuffled back behind my wife. I pressed my erection against Diane again, more urgently this time and pulled her close to me. I breathed in her scent and closed my eyes. Resting my head briefly on her shoulder I held her, feeling her heartbeat, enjoying her curves, her presence, her very being. Looking up I watched as Diane worked the other players at her table. She was holding pocket kings, the flop was queen, nine, king. The bets came around and Diane raised, just a bit, convincing everyone to follow suit. The turn revealed a six. Diane raised aggressively now, half the pot. 

"Here kitty, kitty, kitty" I whispered. 

Diane shot me a look and returned her attention to the other players. Several folded leaving my wife and a few others. Now the river came down. A queen! Diane watched as the others raised or checked until it was her turn. Diane checked her watch and looked at me, smiling. Then she selected "3" on her game box –bet other. Then she pushed "7" –all in. I watched as all the remaining players went all in. The betting ended and the cards were revealed. Diane had a full house, kings and queens. The room was filled with the moans and grumblings of the other players as each and every one of them lost all his money to my lovely better half. Diane turned and took my head in her hands pulling my lips to hers. I opened my mouth and she buried her tongue inside. I sucked on her tongue and hugged her tightly. "Good job baby!" I congratulated. "That will teach them."

Diane reached up and pulled the clip away from her head allowing her hair to cascade down over her shoulders. She shook it once and smiled at me just as one of her defeated players walked past. "Lucky bastard!" the man shot at me under his breath as he walked by. I grinned at Diane eyebrows raised. Diane laughed with me and took my hand.

"Let's go home Barry." Diane smiled.

I put my arm around my wife and we walked out to the truck. I opened her door and she climbed inside and then I made my way around to the driver's side and climbed up into the big dodge. I pulled out of the lot and merged into the early evening traffic pointing my truck for the house. Diane unbuckled her seatbelt and proceeded to discard her jacket and next her blouse. I watched, mouth agape, as Diane deftly unsnapped her bra allowing her gorgeous "girls" to swing free. The cool night air caused her nipples to harden and extend immediately. Next she shimmied out of her jeans and lastly off came her panties. My beautiful wife was now naked as the day she arrived except for her thigh highs and heels. She gave me a coy smile and then arched her back, lifting her breasts up with both hands and allowing them to fall slowly thru her hands. Diane looked at me and closed her eyes, slowly circling her nipples with her fingers. Her nipples got even harder as she circled and then pinched and twisted each one.


Watching this little display had my cock rock hard again and aching for my wife's touch. Observing my obvious discomfort Diane crawled across the seat and unbuckled my belt, unzipped my jeans and pulled out my throbbing erection. She took my cock in her hand and looked up at me grinning before feeding me into her warm, moist mouth. Diane took me deep into her throat and pulled off before doing it again. Up and down she bobbed her head pausing every so often to swirl her tongue around the head and lick up the bottom side of my shaft. My cock slick with her saliva Diane started sliding her hand up and down my shaft and sucking me into her mouth after each stroke.

"Oh Diane!" I groaned as I felt myself getting harder and hotter with each stroke. "I'm going to cum baby if you don't stop that!" I warned. 

Diane brought me right to the brink and then stopped. I gasped and fought to regain my composure, not to mention keeping my eyes on the road! Diane looked at me mischievously. "You need to pull this thing over before I mount you right now!" 

"What?! Here!? Now!?" I exclaimed incredulously. 

But Diane had already climbed into the back seat. Laying back she closed her eyes and began rubbing and pinching her nipples with her left hand and rubbing on her engorged clit with her right. "Oh yessss..." Diane moaned as she pleasured herself. Watching my wife masturbate completely removed any hesitation that I might have had left. I pulled the truck off the highway and whipped the dodge into a rest area.  

Jumping into the back seat I started shedding clothes as rapidly as possible. I stripped down to my socks and lifted my very horny wife on top of me as I lay down on the back seat. Diane positioned the head of my cock at her entrance and slowly sat down on top of me. We both moaned simultaneously as inch after inch of my hard member disappeared into Diane. She was sopping wet so I had no trouble sliding into her balls deep. Diane started moving her hips up and down squeezing me with her pussy as she slid me in and out of her. 

I reached up and started pinching and twisting her nipples while Diane arched her back and thrust her chest out, throwing her head back and running her hands thru her hair. I started pumping harder now, driving my hot cock into her with urgency. Diane leaned over and wrapped her arms around me, planting hot, passionate kisses on my neck and lips. I held Diane's hips now, pulling her down onto my cock as I thrust up into her at the same time. I could feel Diane start to build her orgasm and I knew I wasn't far behind. I kept thrusting into her taking care to grind her pelvis against mine so as to force her clit against me. Diane started gasping and moaning and then her orgasm hit her.

"Oh Barry! Oh Barry! Oh God! Yes! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!" Diane shuddered and climaxed powerfully, holding onto me as spasm after spasm coursed thru her body. I held off as long as I could and then I exploded shooting spurt after spurt of my hot cum deep into my wife. Again and again I came, gasping and calling out Diane's name as my hot cock erupted inside her. Finally I finished and I quit thrusting as Diane collapsed on top of me. 

Spent, I let my arms fall to my sides and Diane lay on top of me exhausted. "Oh baby I so love you!" I whispered into Diane's ear. 

"Me too baby, me too." Diane agreed. She rolled off of me and collected her things as I found my jeans and shirt. We dressed and climbed into the front seat of the truck and prepared to depart for the house. I backed out of the space between two big rigs and started thru the parking lot. Just then the CB radio crackled.

"Man that was hot! You two know how to entertain a driver!" Diane and I looked at each other sheepishly as the radio was filled with the laughter of several truckers.