 Thank you for stopping by and checking out my story. It's the final part of this series, although I may pick up with these characters again later. 

The game Overwatch figures into this tale, and although I usually try to avoid pinning my stories down to a specific time, this particular story is set around September to December 2017, and by the time it got published, some of the characters, abilities and powers have already changed, but the meta is correct for the period in which this takes place. 

This chapter features some light BDSM elements, so if that's not your thing, you may want to skip through that part if you're interested in the characters or the story. 

I hope you've enjoyed meeting these characters, and sharing in their adventures. Please remember to vote and send me a message or leave a comment! 

************************ 

"I will watch over you!" Mercy thundered and rushed into the fray, her gun blazing. 

"Rez me!" Max heard Tempest yell at Brooke over his headset. 

"This is not your time!" With the change in Mercy's ultimate from Resurrect to Valkyrie, Brooke was even better as a healer than before. She swooped in and used her first ult charge on her sister. Immediately, D.Va called her mech before the other team could kill her. Again. 

The other team was rushing in, trying to take advantage of the triple kill they got from the Zarya/Junkrat ultimate combo. Fortunately, Max managed to duck behind the payload and wasn't making an appearance on the Kill Cam. 

"I've got you in my sights!" Max (as Soldier) jumped on top of the payload, activated his tactical visor and poured it on. He didn't kill anyone, but blunted the other team's charge as they ducked for cover. 

"Let's get you back in the fight!" Mercy's second ult charge brought Sombra (Terra) back. 

"EMP activated!" the hacker stopped the other team from using their own ults or abilities. 

"I'm on my way back," Serafina's voice rang out in Max's headphones along with the crack! of Widowmaker's sniper rifle. 

"Got their Orisa," Bryan said calmly. Like Terra, he was unflappable, whether winning or losing. He was also a crack shot, and his headshots decimated the other team with startling efficiency. "Junkrat's down. . . They're bunching up at the last turn to make their stand." 

"We've got two minutes to get to the end. Plenty of time," Terra said. "They're all on the left side; get 'em, Stormy!" 

"Activating self-destruct sequence!" From his perch on the moving payload, Max watched Tempest launch her Meka into the air and then bail out. 

The kill feed showed she got Zarya, Soldier, Moira and Torbjörn. Orisa and Lucio ran out of the spawn room and made a run for the payload to put the match into overtime, but they were cut down quickly by Bryan and Max. 

"Victory!" Athena announced as the payload crossed line on the ground which marked the other team's progress. 

They all breathed a sigh of relief as the computer tabulated their points. With a quadruple kill, Tempest's D.Va was the Play of the Game. 

"Did that get you to plat, Max?" Brooke asked. 

Max watched the counter rise. "Yes! 2506! Thanks for slumming with me." 

The girls were solid high gold players who had made a serious climb into mid-platinum the previous season. It helped that they had been playing computer games together since they were six years old and were often in the same room. Max was a mid-gold at best, but his time with the girls had taught him a thing or two, and their teamwork carried him to wins he would not have managed on his own (despite the matchmaking algorithm's attempts to keep their five-stack down). 

"I'm out, sisses; work in six hours," Bryan said in his characteristic quiet drawl. "Good night, Max." 

"Good night, Bee," Serafina replied. "Tell Em thanks for letting us borrow you tonight!" 

The other girls wished their brother off, then they signed out, leaving Max and Tempest alone in the voice channel again. It was almost midnight. 

"So can you come down after finals?" Max asked. He was ostensibly the group leader, but didn't bother to queue up. 

After the wedding, the girls went back to school and Max went home to work remotely for his company. For the four weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas, Max was in Orlando working a course for two different colleges. It was too far for him to drive, but the hotel was close to the schools and downtown. The instructors had a car, but if he wanted to go anywhere else, there were tons of Uber drivers willing to take him pretty much anywhere (for a fee). 

"I can if you want," Tempest replied. "My last final is on the twelfth, but I have to work on the thirteenth. I can fly down on Thursday." 

"Of course I want you to come see me. I can book a plane ticket for you tonight." 

"You're not paying for my plane ticket, Max." Her tone wasn't dismissive, but nor was she giving him the option. "How long do you want me to stay?" 

"I'm here until the twenty-second, then I'm flying home. You are welcome to stay until then." He paused for a moment. "I don't suppose you want to come home with me for Christmas." 

"And get three loads of guilt from my mothers?" Tempest giggled. "No, thanks." 

"Do they give Kaylee any grief for being away at Christmas?" 

"I don't think guilt works on the Navy. I could drive up the day after, though. Classes don't start until the eighth." 

"I'd like that," Max began scrolling through his calendar. "Depending on when you get here, I can either pick you up, or you can use the hotel's airport shuttle." 

"I'll book my flight tonight." 

"I miss you, Tempest," he said softly. 

"You miss my tits." 

"I miss them, too." 

"They miss you, Max. So does my pussy." 

"I think you know how to take care of that," Max replied, his pulse racing. 

"It's not the same," she pouted. "You're real." 

"Well, your little friend will have to do until you come down here." 

"I'll be cumming down to see you," she snickered. "And then I'll be going down." 

"You're an evil woman, Tempest." 

"I'm your evil woman." 

"I'm going to go take a cold shower." 

"Well, I'm going up to my room and wear out my vibrator." 

"Good night, Max. Don't go blind." 

"Good night, Tempest." 

************* 

Max set his laptop bag down on the desk. He could smell Tempest's lotion the second he walked through the door. 

Glancing in the direction of the bedroom, he saw a suspicious lump under the covers. 

There was slight movement and soft moaning. 

He walked over to the door and leaned against the frame. 

Tempest lay there in the darkness, her eyes closed. Max could tell she was diddling herself in middle of the hotel's king sized bed. 

"You're late," her voice was hoarse with excitement. 

"I am never late," Max replied with a smile. Since he started seeing Tempest, he studied up on his nerd references. "I arrive precisely when I mean to." 

In response, Tempest threw one of the pillows towards him. It didn't land anywhere close to him, but it was the thought that counted. 

"I've missed you," she whispered. 

"I'm here now," Max said gently. He sat on the edge of the bed, watching Tempest's hand working beneath the sheet. He patted her on the leg. "Sit up." 

"I'm close," she moaned, her hand moving faster. 

Max patted her again, a little harder. "Sit up." 

He stood as Tempest regretfully stopped her masturbation. The sheet fell away and his eyes went to her heavy breasts, and their pink, erect nipples. She was naked under the covers. 

"Come here," Max beckoned. She dutifully maneuvered in front of him. 

Tempest moaned as he caressed her breasts. She let out a sharp squeal when he pinched her nipples. 

"Take it out." Her hands went to his belt and his pants fell to the floor. She pushed his boxers down and his cock sprung up to her face. "In your mouth. No hands." 

It was all he could do to resist pushing his cock forward, or putting his hands to the back of her head and forcing himself down her throat. 

Her lips formed a seal around the head and her tongue ran across the underside within her mouth. 

She sucked on him enthusiastically. Her hands were behind her back. Max brushed her hair out of her face. 

Their eyes locked. 

Her big brown eyes bored into him. Her nostrils flared as she breathed with his cock in her mouth. Her cheeks bulged as she worked him over. 

"You are so beautiful," he said, and she blushed at his compliment. "You're my perfect little cocksucker." 

She started to suck faster in response. 

Max's eyes rolled back in his head. He gripped her shoulders to steady herself. 

His toes started to tingle. 

"I'm going to cum in your mouth," he breathed. "Take it all." 

Tempest's eyes never left his. Her mouth moved back and forth along the length of his cock, taking as much as she could. 

Her breasts jiggled as she brought him to the edge. 

"Fuck!" Max gasped through clenched teeth. He couldn't hold it anymore and his orgasm overtook him. 

Without missing a beat, Tempest swallowed it all. Her mouth never leaving his cock. 

She let him down slowly, until the room stopped spinning. 

He stood there for a long moment, his cock still in her mouth. She looked up expectantly at him, a twinkle in her eye. 

Max pulled back. He leaned over to cup her magnificent breasts. 

Their lips met, and they kissed eagerly. 

She started to pull him down to her, but Max stepped back. 

"Get dressed," he said to her surprise. "We're meeting Tamara and the new guy for dinner in a few minutes." 

"What about—?" 

"We only have a few minutes." 

"You can't leave me like this!" she pouted. 

"I'll make it up to you later," he laughed at her obvious frustration. Max pulled her to her feet, and pressed her against the wall next to the nightstand. "And we have to go." 

Tempest tried to grind her pussy against his leg, but Max stepped back, leaving her visibly frustrated. 

He smacked her across the backside once for good measure. "Get dressed." 

A short while later, they were in the elevator headed down to the lobby. 

"I can't believe you did that to me," she said softly. Max couldn't tell if she was frustrated, aroused or angry. Maybe all three. 

Max took her hand and sucked her index and middle fingers into his mouth. They tasted of her pussy. She moaned as he nibbled on them. 

"I'm going to fuck your brains out tonight, sweetheart," he whispered. "And you're going to take it." 

"Yes, my lord," she replied softly, her body shuddering with pleasure. 

He took her hand in his and led her out to the lobby where his co-workers were waiting. 

They went to dinner at a local seafood restaurant near the hotel. Max and the other two instructors were on expense accounts. Tempest tried to grab the check away from Max, but snatched it out of her grasp. 

The "new guy", Paul, was a database programmer who requested a transfer out to the field for the travel. The company had teamed him up with Max and Tamara, who were among the most senior of the field instructors. He was quiet, but friendly. 

The threesome tried not to talk too much shop, but Tempest didn't seem to mind. 

Her hand rested on his thigh as they sat on the bench in the booth. 

They drove back to the hotel after dinner. The new guy was going to prepare for his next lesson. Max and Tamara could teach them in their sleep. 

As soon as they were through the door to his room, Max pressed Tempest up against the wall. She tried to put her arms around him, but he pinned her wrists above her head. She struggled for a moment, but he was stronger. 

"I've missed holding you," he whispered. 

"Take me," Tempest's eyes clouded over with lust. "Make me yours." 

"You are mine." She tilted her head back submissively as Max kissed her. He wedged his knee between her legs and pushed them apart. She started to grind against him, but he pressed her harder against the wall until she couldn't move. "And I am yours." 

Max released her wrists and scooped her up in his arms. 

He carried her back to the bedroom. A soft glow came through from behind the curtains from the lights in the parking lot. 

Setting her down on the bed, Max began undressing Tempest. She tugged at his clothes. 

"I need you inside me," she whispered in his ear. "Make love to me." 

They fell into one anothers's arms. 

Tempest's body felt so soft beneath him. Her legs were spread. The head of his cock brushed against her labia, which were slick with anticipation. 

She rolled her hips, trying to take him inside her. 

"I have something for you," Max bit her earlobe gently. "Stay here." 

Sighing with disappointment when he withdrew, Tempest watched him flip on one of the soft reading lights above the bed and hunt around in the closet for some things. 

Her eyes widened when Max reached for her hands. He held two long silk scarves, which he tied around her wrists. 

Secure enough to hold, but not so tight to be uncomfortable, just as he had read about from a couple of bondage sites and message boards. 

"Is this what you want?" 

"Yes, Max. I want this." 

"Tell me what you want me to do." 

"I want you to tie me down and fuck the shit out of me." 

"I have something else for you. Something for you to wear when we're together." Max reached over to the drawer on the nightstand and drew out a small velvet pouch. 

The Victorian style black lace choker fit perfectly around Tempest's neck. 

"I want you wear this all week when we're together." 

"Yes, my lord," she breathed, her voice trembling. 

Looking into her big brown eyes, Max saw them flash with love and desire. 

As he pressed her back into the bed, she reflexively spread her arms for him. Max took the other end of the scarves, and tied them to the corners of the headboard. There was a little bit of give, but she was spread-eagled and at his mercy. 

She was able to lift her head enough for Max to put a pillow under her, but fell back, awaiting him. 

Max surveyed his lover. Her body was splayed out for him. Her breasts fell slightly to the sides. Her neatly trimmed pussy glistened in the soft light. 

"What's your safe word?" 

"Orange," she recited her trigger which they had worked out in prior conversations. 

"Say it again." 

"Orange." 

"Say it three times." 

"Orange, orange, orange." 

Groping her breasts, Max made her squeal with delight. She yelped in surprise when he smacked her across the backside. Tempest had a fit of laughter when he tickled her. 

The scarves held her down, although he could release her with a quick pull on the slipknot. 

Laying on top of her, Max's body pressed against Tempest's. Her skin was so soft. He could feel the heat radiating from between her legs. 

Max took his cock in his hand and rubbed the head against her clitoris. 

"Take me, my lord," she whispered, her eyes hooded over with pleasure. 

"Not yet, my lady," he said with a sly smile. "You haven't earned it." 

Tempest closed her eyes for a moment and broke character. "Don't call me 'my lady', Max. Not now. Not like this. Call me your slut. Call me your whore. Take me. Tell me I'm a dirty bitch. Fuck my cunt. I'm yours." 

"I'll never hurt you," he promised. 

"I know, Max. 

"I just don't want to . . . you know . . . use you." 

"You can, Max," her gaze softened at his hesitance. "I want you do to whatever you want to me." 

"I love you, Tempest." 

"I love you, too, Max. Now stop being nice to me. I want to get fucked!" 

They both giggled for a moment. Max kissed her, hard and passionately. She pulled against her bonds and gasped with frustration. 

She spread her legs and started to move her hips in a way that would get Max inside her. 

He pulled back. 

That look was back in her eyes. 

Max clutched her breasts and squeezed them, harder than he meant, but when Tempest's mouth fell open, he did it again. And harder. 

He wanted to thrust his cock forward into her, but didn't. 

She let out a disappointed sigh as Max pulled the head of his cock back from her labia. He straddled her chest and lay his cock between her breasts. 

Taking her tits in his hands, Max squeezed them together around his tumescence and began to slowly thrust forward, making the head pop out from between them. 

Tempest lifted her head and tried to take him in her mouth. Max lifted up and pushed forward, just between her lips. 

He pulled back and then pushed forward again. She eagerly let him fuck her mouth. 

Their eyes met. 

Max pulled out of her mouth and began to rub his cock across her lips and chin. 

"Feel that, Tempest? Do you feel my dick on your face? 

"Yes, my lord," her voice was so soft, he could barely hear her. 

So he slapped it against her. Once on each cheek. 

"Yes, my lord!" Tempest's eyes flared for a moment of defiance and anger, but it went away when she tugged on the scarves to no avail. 

"This is the most important thing in your world: my cock." The words didn't come naturally to him. But Max was trying. Because he could tell that Tempest liked it. 

And if he'd admit it to himself, he liked it, too. 

"I like being between your lips, just like this." 

Max closed his eyes and began to rock back and forth. Tempest made slurping sounds as his cock worked into her mouth. 

"That feels so good," he whispered, making Tempest smile as best she could while she was tied down and had a cockhead between her lips. "I'm going to fuck you now. I'm going to fuck your brains out." 

"Please," she moaned for a little extra effect as Max mounted her. 

His cock filled her up. She arched her back, pressing her chest into his. 

She pulled against the scarves ever time he thrust into her. 

With every stroke, Tempest cried out, her voice echoing off the walls. Max had requested a room at the end of the hallway, knowing that there was no one on the other side of the wall to hear her screaming. 

"Please fuck me . . . harder." 

Max was happy to oblige his lover. 

Varying his pace, Max lifted Tempest's legs so she was nearly bent in half. Her ass was lifted off the bed. 

Her pussy made a glorious squishing sound. 

The scarves strained as Tempest tensed, but they held. Her eyes were closed. Teeth clenched. 

Max felt her entire body start to quiver beneath him. 

"Keep . . . fucking . . .me," Tempest gasped. She threw herself back into the pillow. Her eyes rolled back into her head. 

Pushing deep inside her, Max felt her pussy start to spasm around him. He reached down and gave one of her tits a rough squeeze. 

"I'm cum . . . cumming . . .Nooooooo!" she wailed as Max pulled out of her. 

She tried to wrap her legs around him and pull him back inside, but Max slapped her across the face. 

Not enough to move her. Not enough to leave a mark or a bruise. Just enough to get her attention. 

A flare of surprise and anger flashed in her eyes. Tempest tried in vain to reach for him, but the scarves were tight. 

"What the fuck are—?" 

Max slapped her again. Once across the cheek. Once across the chest. Her nipples, which were already erect, seemed to crinkle up even tighter. 

"Shut up," he growled. 

"Fuck—" 

Smack! 

"Max—" 

Smack! 

Tempest's eyes welled up with tears. Confusion. Anger. Hurt. 

Max put on the most stern face he could muster. 

Her body was shaking beneath him. Coming down from the orgasm he had built up. Then denied her. 

They seemed to be locked in a silent battle of wills. Each of them struggling against their general nature. 

Tempest's naturally headstrong aggression. 

Max's quiet and even temperament. 

"Did I give you permission to cum?" 

"You—" 

