 Frank sat at his desk keying in numbers into his computer. It was 8:00 in the morning on April 15th, and he was exhausted.  He hadn't been home in 3 days and the only sleep he has had in that time span was 30-minute catnaps here and there. Frank was a CPA (certified public accountant) and a CFP (certified financial planner), with a very successful tax and consulting practice specializing in divorce. He found that niche by accident, in that he helped a friend maneuver through the legal property valuation quagmire, resulting in a huge property settlement savings and resolving all the ensuing tax problems. His clients' attorney referred him new clients, as did the opposing lawyer, and his business took off.

Most of his friends thought that by having a lot of separated or divorced clients that his sex life would be one worthy of envy, with all those lonely women. In actuality, it was just the opposite. Most of the women he dealt with, as first time clients, were recently burned in some way by men and were pretty bitter toward the entire group. Those that he had for a long time were more interested in their financial well being than anything else. Frank wasn't that concerned with hitting on his clients either, since getting his rocks off was not worth the complications that could result.

This tax return was his last one to be completed. He would extend all the others since they didn't provide him with their tax information until recently. They'd get over it, he thought. He just couldn't get them done and meet with all the clients he had scheduled for today to go over their returns. He clicked on the 'print' icon and sat back to rest as the pages spewed out of his printer. He closed his eyes and thought about the next week he was taking off to spend at his lake house, fishing, sailing and mostly sleeping in his hammock under the big shade trees.

He assembled the return and put it in the pile with all the others, when he heard the door open to the office suite. This was his first year in this suite, and realized that he needed to hire a full time receptionist / office manager rather than use the temp agency. By the time he got one trained and up to speed, they would move on and he was back to square one. And so the last day of tax season was underway.

His meetings with the clients that were due refunds went smoothly. The clients that owed money were a little more difficult. Frank called these meetings the 'shoot the messenger' meetings because they all felt that it was his fault they owed tax rather than the fact that they either did some bonehead transaction without consulting him or, heaven forbid, they had a good year and made a lot of money. Explaining the reasons to them always took extra time, which of course, he billed them for.

The last meeting of the day was for the people he had finished that morning. They were two women who formed a partnership to operate a small beauty salon, complete with a masseuse. Leah was the primary contact as she contributed most of the start up money. She was a tiny woman, standing five foot nothing, in her mid-forties with a dynamite figure. Her specialty was giving the massages, which enabled her to retain a toned hour glass build, but would step in and do hair if needed.  Ann, her partner, was in her early thirties. She was pretty, but was so shy and demure; getting to know her was difficult. She was quite taller than Leah at 5'8", with straight jet-black hair and the biggest blue eyes that, if she would look you in the eye, could mesmerize you. Her figure was fit, but you could tell she was always fighting a weight problem. Ann was the hair stylist, and had attracted quite a following.

Ann divorced her husband of 3 years about a year previous. The particulars were never given, but she hinted that he was 'too physical' with her. It got so bad during her separation period that she had to get a restraining order to prevent him from coming near her. He ignored it and made the mistake of barging in on her while she was entertaining an off-duty policeman. He's in jail on a myriad of charges for the next 7 years.

Leah's divorce was amicable. They decided that they just couldn't live with each other. She and her ex were both reared in a strict environment and married young for the primary reason so they could have sex. They were taught that you didn't have sex until after the "I do's".  She said that she has since rebelled and found men to be quite enjoyable as long as they lived elsewhere.

Their tax return was anything but straightforward, and as such, Frank had to bill them accordingly. After explaining to them what everything meant and why they owed the government that amount of money, he presented them with the invoice. He always waited until the end of the meeting for two reasons, one is that they tended to focus on what they owed him rather than what he was telling them and, two, the meeting was over and they would be leaving soon.

He handed them their statements and was relieved they didn't put up a stink. They merely looked at each other, then Frank, then each other again, and nodded.

"We appreciate your getting our taxes done so quickly and helping us understand what our situation is…but, well, our cash flow is pretty limited right now, and with our taxes due, we don't have the money to pay your bill.

"I see." He paused a second, then asked, "When do you think you will have the cash?"

Ann piped in, "We're not sure. It's been slow since the spring break rush. Can you work with us?"

Frank not in the mood to be an asshole and he did like these ladies as clients, said, "I think so. What did you have in mind?"

Leah replied, "Would you be open to a barter system?"

Rubbing his hand over his short hair, "I don't have much need for a hair stylist, if you haven't noticed."

"What about some massages? After a busy few months, you must be wound as tight as a clock."

"You know, I've never had a massage before. I guess the idea of some guy rubbing his hands over my body just didn't appeal to me."

Ann teased, "She's not 'some guy', if you haven't noticed."

Frank laughed, "Yes that is true. Well, I am going away tomorrow for a week so when would you be able to fit me in?"

"Why not tonight? Get yourself relaxed and rejuvenated before you go so you're not spending the first few days trying to achieve what I can do for you in an hour. Just come by the shop when you're done here."

"Actually, you two are my last appointment. I'll tell you what, let me just clean up some here and I'll be by in about 30 minutes. Ok?"

They all agreed and the ladies left the office. Frank stood by his window, looking out at nothing in particular, and thinking about what it would be like to have Leah's hands rubbing his body. At that moment, he saw them walking across the parking lot and he watched their asses sway with each step. Nice, very nice, was his last thought as he turned his attention to getting his office cleaned up.

The two women talked as they exited the building. Ann turned to Leah, "How many massages do you think you'll have to give him before we're even?"

"If I have my way, we'll be getting all the tax and accounting work we need, without spending a penny. You remember that conversation we had about him before? You follow my lead and he'll be like putty in our hands."

Both of them had noticed his eyes wander from their faces and knew he found them attractive. They rode back to their shop in silence but with slight mischievous grins on their faces and thoughts of how they could turn his appreciation for them to their favor.

As Frank neared the salon door, he observed that the glass on the storefront was tinted, so much so that a person walking by would not be able to see inside at all. He figured that this was so the customers would not have passersby gawking at them while they had their hair done and that people would have to come inside to see if they were busy, giving them a chance to make some type of sale.

They greeted him with toothy smiles. Frank noticed that they had both changed cloths. Leah had put on a tight tank top t-shirt that made it clearly evident that she did not have a bra on and a pair of 'Daisy Duke' shorts that would have embarrassed even Uncle Jessie. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and was walking around in her bare feet. He knew she liked to wear provocative clothing and assumed this was just her working outfit. He did wonder how he would be able to relax though. Ann had donned shorts as well, but they were no where near as short as Leah's. She too had on a tank t-shirt, but hers was a pale blue and the outline of a bra was unmistakable.

Leah escorted him into her little room in the back of the store. She took his arm and held it close to her body, 'accidentally' pressing her tits into his arm. She handed him a towel and told him to undress completely, wrap the towel around his waist and lay down on the massage table face down. She closed the door and he could hear mumbling from the other side, but couldn't understand what was said.

Leah went over to where Ann was sweeping up and said in a hushed voice, "Are you ready for this?"

"I think so." Ann was a bit hesitant.

"Ok. When you hear my signal, you come in and catch us. Do the indignant act and we'll have him."

"I got it. Are you sure this is going to work? I mean…."

"Don't worry, it'll work. Just do what I told you."

"But isn't this….blackmail?"

"Blackmail is such a dirty word. Let's just call it 'professional influence'. We don't want money from him, just his professional services."

Ann sighed, wondering if she could pull it off. Leah turned and headed back to her room. As she made her way to the door, she went over the plan in her head one more time.

She was going to "seduce" Frank by giving him an extremely seductive massage; not only with her hands, but letting her body do some of the work too. More specifically, she was going to rub her tits against him. She figured no man would be able to resist such temptation. And when he touched her, she would groan loud enough for Ann to hear on the other side of the door. Ann would rush in and catch him groping Leah. With a threat of sexual assault looming, they would be able to extort his professional services, which would be getting more and more expensive as their business grew. And besides, it might be fun to have his hands feeling her up.

She knocked and waited. "Come in." She went in, closed the door and when she turned to look at him lying on his stomach, she observed his remarkable physique. She knew he had a nice body, but whenever she saw him, he was usually dressed in a suit. But now, he was lying there, naked except for a towel. She felt herself getting aroused and noticed her nipples were getting erect. Perfect, she thought, they would definitely help in her plan.

"Are you ready for the best massage in town?"

Jokingly, Frank replied, "I thought you were giving me the massage?"

"Oh you're bad. You'll pay for that one." They both laughed as she oiled up her hands.

She started at his feet, rubbing the soles of his feet, before moving up to work on his calves and hamstrings. She slid her hands underneath the towel to tantalize him by rubbing very close to his ass and even his balls. As she worked him over, she noticed that his muscles were tightening up the closer she got to his ass. He was getting excited already. She eased the towel up to just below his butt cheek and saw his cock.

When Frank lay down on the table, his cock was pointing at his feet. He didn't think any thing of it since the towel covered him. But when her hands approached his ass and operated on the hamstrings, even going between his legs getting very close to his nuts, he felt the stirrings of a potentially uncomfortable erection. With the towel moving up, he knew she could see it and he couldn't stop it from growing.

Leah left the towel raised up as she moved to do his back and shoulders. She made sure she stood right in front of his face as she kneaded each muscle group so that he would be looking directly at her crotch. She wondered if he could smell her arousal. If he could, that would make her plan work so much easier.

Frank was getting very uncomfortable with each passing minute. Her hands on his body was making him hard and now with her standing directly in front of him, her pungent pussy filling his nostrils, it was just too much to take. He desperately needed to adjust himself or get his mind off this sexy creature in his line of sight.

"You can turn over now. I need to do your chest now." She knew that she was getting him worked up and when he saw her erect nipples within inches of his face, he wouldn't be able to contain his lust. While he turned, she moved to the head of the table.


Frank slowly turned over, taking as much time as possible in hope that his erection would subside some. But when he lay on his back and looked up, she was leaning over him, lightly massaging his chest, but letting her fingers linger over his nipples. However much his erection diminished, it returned with abandon. No towel was going to contain it now. It stood up straight, poking through the towel wrapped around his waist. Her large tits were right above him. If he lifted his head slightly, he would be able to kiss them. Her rigid nipples were visible through her tight shirt, and he longed to touch them.

Leah's attention was on what her hands were doing and nothing else. She squeezed his chest muscles and couldn't help herself from playing with his nipples. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw some movement and when she looked to see what is was, she stopped everything she was doing and stared, motionless, at a huge dick pointing at her ceiling. She did not expect him to be that large, or that thick. She slowly reached down his body for that huge missile. It had to be around 8 inches long.

When her hands moved over his stomach, she had to lean over further in order to reach it, and in doing so, pressed her chest into his face. She felt the pressure on her breasts, but she was concentrating completely on that flagpole of a cock. She didn't even notice his hands moving over her. Not until he pulled her t-shirt up over them, did she realize what he had done. When his lips suckled on her, she gasped, but not loud enough for Ann to hear on the other side of the door. She held herself still while he licked and sucked on her nipples. She stretched her arm out to touch his manhood, but he was too tall and her arms were too short, so she reluctantly lifted her chest off his face and sidled around the table. Her "plan" would be taking a new avenue. She had never had a cock that size and she wasn't about to waste this opportunity. She would figure out something else to get the financial work their business needed.

Before she could take hold of his staff, he said, "Take off your shirt." She grinned at him and turned to face him, lifting the shirt slowly over her head. She gave a sultry shoulder shimmy so that her tits jiggled. Seeing his eyes bulge only excited her more. She turned back toward the table, bent over and kissed the big purple head before her. Frank moaned softly and lifted his hips slightly. She pushed him back down and continued to kiss up and down his the shaft. Frank put his hands behind his head and watched her smother his member with her kisses.

"That feels sooooo good, Leah! Don't stop."

But that's exactly what she did…she stopped. She stopped kissing it so that she could take it in her mouth.  She held the sizeable head in her mouth, bathing it with her tongue. Leah stabbed at the snake's eye with her tongue tip, lapping up each droplet of pre-cum oozing out.

Frank cried out, "Oh gawd, yes!"

At that, Ann opened the door. "What are you…?" She stopped in mid-sentence because what she found was not what she had expected to see. She thought she would find Frank "molesting" Leah, not Leah blowing him.  Then she noticed his size. She too was awestruck.

Leah and Frank both looked up as Ann entered the room. Frank was a bit more startled than Leah and attempted to cover up, but Leah didn't move away. She gave Ann a "change of plans" look, hoping Ann would understand and just leave. Fortunately, Ann did get it, but rather than turn and walk out, she stepped toward them, her eyes riveted to his massive hard-on. Leah gave Frank's cock a long lick as she watched Ann approach, wondering whether she would say something or do something. But Ann remained silent; instead she reached out to cup his big, taut ball sac.

Finally, she looked at Frank, whose embarrassment was waning, and stuttered, "You…You're so….big." She said the word "big" with a lusty smile. She squeezed his balls gently and asked, "Do you mind if I….?" and squeezed them again.

Frank was now seeing how this could pan out and replied happily, "Please! That is if Leah doesn't mind. Leah?"

Giving his cock a wet sloppy suck on the head again, "Mmm, no. I don't mind." She resumed sucking it but with more gusto than before.

With them both working on him, he leaned up onto his elbows to watch them. He asked Ann, "Why don't you take off your shirt and let me see what you've been hiding?"

Ann looked at him with a look of indignation, but quickly realized what she was doing, and released her grip on him. "Sorry. It's been a while since I've had any male contact. Be patient with me, please."

Frank understood, remembering her abusive marriage, responded, "Its okay. Do only what you're comfortable with."

She pulled her shirt off and let it fall to the floor. She didn't expect to be doing anything remotely close to this, so she didn't wear one of her lacy bras and the one she did wear hid more than it revealed. She reached behind her back, unhooking it and letting it fall too, right next to her shirt. Ann was a little self-conscious about her body and half-heartedly attempted to cover up. Frank reached for her, pulling her arms gently away from her chest. When he touched her firm tit, his cock lurched out of excitement, which Leah felt in her mouth.

"Can I suck them, Ann?"

Her shyness was fading fast as she presented her right breast to him. As he suckled on her one tit, he pinched and played with her left. Ann ran her fingers across his chest, playing with his nipples as well. Ann grew more and more excited from not only what he was doing to her, but also from what Leah was doing to him. She became fixated on his huge cock and visions of how she used to suck cock before her exe became cruel. Frank pulled the other tit to his mouth and sucked on it too.

Leah thought that having Ann there would have created some problems, but in reality, she was enjoying it immensely. It was obvious to her that Frank was turned-on because his cock had gotten harder, which she didn't think was possible, and was leaking pre-cum constantly. And the sound of Ann whimpering made her remember how she had gone wild that night they got drunk and succumbed to their bi-curiousness.

Unable to stand it any longer, Ann pulled herself away from Frank's gifted lips and tongue and made her way down to his exceptional cock. She stroked the base and his balls to start, looking for some opening where Leah was not engaged. Leah removed her hand from his cock, creating an opening for Ann's lips. Ann kissed and licked his shaft while playing with his balls and Leah sucked on his mushroom head, able only to take a portion of his dick into her mouth.

Frank moaned as the two of them orally gratified him. "Ooooh damn, you two are good at this!" He stroked their hair softly; trying to hold off the orgasm he knew was imminent. Ann kissed her way up his shaft toward Leah's lips. They each took a side of the enormous purple head, licking it with greater and greater fervor.

Leah sensed Ann moving up and knew that there was enough for the two of them. When she felt Ann's tongue brush against hers, her own enthusiasm increased. They both would purposely bring their tongues together around his cock, amplifying their own pleasure. Leah knew what Ann liked and reached over and pinched her nipple, which Ann reacted to predictably. They both covered half of his cock head with their mouths, their lips touching the others and their tongues whipping around furiously.
