 Just a little reminiscence on the first blowjob that I gave.

"Give it a try."

"Seriously, I really don't know... there are people walking upstairs and they could come down and we really could get in a fuckton of trouble. I don't get off on the "getting caught" thrill."

"Neither do I. C'mon. Just a--"

He knew I wanted it just as much as he did.

He was holding the zipper to his slightly faded jeans. Coercing, cajoling. Looking very lusty, and, damnit, isn't this what I had been waiting for? I'd imagined this so many times in my fantasies—slowly slipping up and down on him, moaning, groaning, saying my name. He pulled me to him, and kissed me hard on the mouth as I leaned in. Breaking away, I shot him a playful warning look. We weren't exactly dating... we knew we were absolutely infatuated though. We'd only actually been together physically for 4 days, but mentally, over the internets, it'd been at least a year. I was still catching up a bit—there was almost a sense of internets lag between my mind and his presence, occasionally, because I literally could not believe that he was actually here... in front of me, something I'd been waiting for forever.

"You're pathetic. Fine, okay, I will--" I teased, nipping him lightly on the nose.

With an eye roll that seemed to convey ecstatic joy, he quickly pulled himself out. It was an odd sight—in order to preserve some time, his jeans were still buttoned. He was almost fully aroused... Oddly enough, I was too. We'd had these discussions, many times. I've always wondered what it'd be like to give such immeasurable pleasure to a person... the way my buttons worked, the more I gave, the more I felt.

It was... wow.

Not to feed this guy's ego, but to a virgin's eyes, this guy was big. I really couldn't see how this junk actually fits in people.

"So I just..." I looked at him uncertainly, still standing up, looking down questioningly.

"Just take it in your mouth...do what you've always done to that pseudo-cock of yours." I found it entertaining that he referenced to the numerous times we'd cybered, with him often jacking off to my oddly sensuous ministrations to my dildo. 

He leaned in, kissing me more forcefully this time, as I wrapped my hand around his member. It was warm, and had the most peculiar feeling to it. Firm, yet almost squishy. I almost laughed--squishy isn't such a sensual term.

As I slowly pumped my hand up and down his shaft, he moaned and breathed hard into my ear. His hands wrapped around my waist, making their way up to my breasts.

"Why," he murmured, breaking the kiss, "did you wear capris?" He sounded almost tortured as I picked up the pace. His hands plucked at the belt loops of my binding attire--I hadn't thought this far ahead. Hell, I thought we were already lucky that'd we gotten this much time alone. My parents, my relatives, my friends--all upstairs--probably were wondering were the sinful couple was, were on high alert every time he fucking looked at me. They also had a hard time believing he was here, and the fact that I was an senior in high school. Fuckin' eh. And it was really hard to concentrate and enjoy this moment, because I nearly jumped every time I heard the boards upstairs squeak.

"I wasn't thinkin-!" My pitch went up a notch as his hand swiftly pulled down the neckline of my shirt and push-up bra, grasping my nipple in his mouth. My jaw hung open in disbelief as he sucked and lightly bit the tip of my breast. A shiver of intense feeling ran down from my neck to my crotch, almost like a lightening bolt.

Steps. On the stairwell.

"Shit! Fold the laundry, and zip up your fly!"

We immediately separated and made small talk about the basement spiders with the intruder, one of my mum's friends. Whether she suspected anything or not is up to grabs, but chances are she wouldn't have cared much. I folded towels as steadily as I could as she took up a basket of laundry. Adrenaline raced through my veins, making it hard to think straight.

"Christ... that was way too close." I muttered as she closed the door.

He got that shitty grin again on his face, the one that amused me so much, and walked over behind me, grinding himself into my ass. I could feel the handjob I'd been giving him was working. 

"You know, I do have to fold the laundry." I teased, running my finger up his length.

"Yeah, we do." He grimaced as I gave him a swift stroke. He bent down to pick up a shirt.

"Wait... don't. I'll do it. Your hands are all grody." Laughing, he stepped a few feet back into the corner. He took out his cock further from his jeans, and began pumping it himself.

"Well then... let's see if you can fold the laundry with me, jacking off, right in front of you. How long can you resist?" He teased, stroking it faster. I gawked at him, slightly. I more fully realized his size, and started to imagine myself on him, tying him or me to the bedpost and fucking him like crazy. I tried to fold a few more. I tried. I could just hear him moaning and... oh goddamnit. I could feel my lubrication trickling down my thigh. He was driving me crazy and knew it.

I finished the last bit, walked over and grabbed him. My hand slipped around a bit on his precum that has dripped on the shaft--I purposely avoided the top of his cock, saving the most sensitive part for later. His uncut tip glistened with more beads of arousal as I pumped faster.

"Tell me when you're about to cum, so it won't get everywhere."

"You won't have to worry about the mess if it's in your mouth." He half-whispered, half-moaned to me in my ear. I stood there, debating for a moment, and then, still standing, bent down and took the crown into my mouth.

Hearing his slow moan egged me on more as my tongue traced the engorged top of his cock. I realized that the taste wasn't any different than that of my own skin, and painstakingly took him further into the warm crevice. His hand wrapped around my head, pushing me farther and farther as I felt his tip hit my throat and slide down. I kept on taking him in until his circumference wouldn't fit into my mouth--my near lack of gag reflex was one thing I'd teased him about while we were apart, and it drove him crazy.

"That's it...Uh, that's... that's good." I know that he'd been waiting for this for a long time--we'd talked about it countless times, and how eager and how curious I was about giving a blowjob. His head leaned back, and I started to build up a rhythm as I slid up and down his cock.

I felt his hand guiding me in the right directions, and a few times he hit just the spot in my throat which provoked a gag in me. I'm sure that in any other situation, we would've just laughed, but the only thing coming from him was the occasional moan and encouragement. After a bit, he stopped.

"Get on your knees." He said breathlessly.

"Whyfore?"

"I want to see your eyes. I want to see you look up at me. You're beautiful." His hands slid around the back of my head, tangling in my soft curls. He'd always loved my eyes and their deep shade of emerald.

Blushing more, if that was possible, I slid down onto my knees, locking eyes with him the whole way as I once again took him into the hilt. I had a feeling that if I had been wearing a sundress or any other form of accessible attire, I wouldn't be giving him a blowjob--we might have just ended up fucking against the dryer. Which, at the moment, I would've been all for--excluding the fact that I wasn't on birth control at the moment, and he probably didn't have condom on him. Thinking about it now, those capris might have just saved me from a potentially complicated situation. Didn't stop me from fantasizing, though.

Realizing the short amount of time we were running on and my novice to the area, he decided to help a bit. Wrapping his hand around his cock, he stroked himself as I took his top into my mouth. My tongue flicked across his swollen crown as he built up the pace, grinning and breathing hard as he looked at me.

"Yeah... just like that. Keep going."

Judging by his moans, I knew he was getting closer. I started sensually sucking him, increasing the suction as he pumped faster and faster. I couldn't believe that I was actually here, finally acting out some of my most erotic fantasies. I haven't had a lot of experience, and this was a literal goldmine for my imagination.

Suddenly, he groaned and jerked forward, whispering, "I'm... gonna cum." A burst of liquid hit my tongue as I leaned forward, trying to take him in. I sucked him as he burst two or three more spurts as he gasped for air, squeezing the last bit of cum out into my mouth. A little bit escaped out of my mouth and onto my lip as I stood up, to see his incredibly satisfied face.

"That was... wow." He got this big, goofy smile on his face. I grinned back, feeling my panties sticking to me. Was a bit annoying, I assure.

"You'd never cummed in someone's mouth before?"

"No, it was just play before sex. Here, you've still got a bit on your lip."

He went to wipe it away, but I leaned in and kissed him hard, exchanging what was left of him in my mouth with him.

"You know..." I whispered into his ear, "You don't taste bad, at all. You taste just... kinda neutral... I don't see why girls say it tastes horrid. You should try it sometime." I gave him a seductive grin as he just smiled back, basking in his afterglow. 

"Eh. It smells like chlorine." He just smiled said, as we walked up the steps from the basement. We'd been gone a while, and if we stayed any longer for my turn, we'd most likely would have gotten caught. We were both disappointed that it couldn't have gone further...

"Don't forget the laundry. You don't want them to think that we were up to something, do you?" Even though I was 18, my parents would still gasp at the idea that I might have been the slightest bit sexually deviant with a guy nonetheless a year older than me.

"Yeah. Just a sec." He went and grabbed the laundry basket, then followed me upstairs.

Sometimes I laugh when I see those clothes that I folded in that basement. Good times. :)