 Well, the date was a flop. Nothing had gone right. I didn't even get a goodnight kiss, just a little peck on the cheek. Thinking back on it, it's probably just as well since I didn't know much about kissing. In fact, I didn't know much about anything except science and math. I had been counting on Naomi to lead me down the path, but she seemed just as mystified as I was. Naomi was a good friend and had been for the last six years. We were classmates and study buddies. We were due to graduate high school in two weeks. I had thought this would be the perfect time to get to know each other a lot better.

Naomi was in all my classes. I was a math/science major and took college level classes. She did too, which was unusual for a girl in North Dakota. We had both been accepted at Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo, California because of our outstanding academic achievements.

Naomi was pretty. Not cheerleader or movie star pretty, but pretty nonetheless. She had nice feminine curves. Not the kind that you see in Playboy, but nice, nonetheless. She was smart and friendly and I liked her a lot. She had straight brown hair, grey eyes and she stood five foot three. I wanted to get to know her as a girlfriend, but I didn't have much of a clue as to how to get started. 

Since my family owned a farm where I worked every day after school and since I had been studying hard at classes that were mostly devoid of females, I never got to know any of them except Naomi.

I called her the day after the flop expecting to be ridiculed and turned down. 

"Hi Naomi," I mumbled.

"Jeff? I'm so happy you called. I was just about to call you," she answered.

"After last night, I didn't think you would want to talk to me again."

"Don't be silly! I had a great time. Would you like to take me out again this weekend?"

"Of course! That's what I was calling about," I lied. "Let's go to another movie."

"Okay, but this time, let's sit in the back row."

My heart did a triple gainer. I knew this was a good sign. Living on a farm, I knew all about sex as it pertained to animals, but I didn't know a thing about people. I had heard that it was a lot better than jacking off, but nobody bothered to tell me how it was different. I was totally ignorant.

Friday evening, I went to Naomi's house to make plans for the weekend. I had only been on that one date. Here I was, eighteen years old with no idea about the opposite sex.

"So Naomi, where do we want to start this weekend?" I asked as we settled onto her sofa.

"I thought we might go to dinner and then a movie. We could just let the evening flow along from there."

She looked so damned beautiful sitting there with her legs folded up. I knew that I had to press the action a little.

"Where are your parents?" I inquired.

"Oh, they went into town."

"Aren't they worried about you?"

"No, I asked them about that and they said that since I'm eighteen now and since they trust you, they wouldn't worry."

She unfolded her legs and scooted over next to me. I put my arm around her shoulders and looked down at her. Did I mention that I'm six foot four? She kind of snuggled up to me. Then she looked up at me and drew my head down to her lips. They were soft and warm and I didn't want to ever stop. Finally she broke the kiss and sat back looking at me.

"I thought you had some experience at this," she said. "I was counting on you to teach me."

I owned up. "I don't have any experience with any girls except you. I was kind of counting on you to teach me."

She giggled and said, "Aren't we the pair? Neither one of us knows what we're doing."

"Why don't we compare notes on what we do know? Maybe we'll learn enough to get started," I suggested.

"Okay, what do you know about girls?"

"Nothing, really. I have always considered girls to be sort of ethereal and mysterious. They move a lot more smoothly than men do. I can't believe that they go to the bathroom. They're not as strong as men. They are smart. I guess that's about it."

"No, I mean what do you know about them sexually?"

I turned beet red. "I've never thought about them sexually. I don't know anything except what I've learned in school about body parts and cyclic functions."

"No, no! You still don't get it. What about they way they feel and the emotions that boys generate in them?"

"I haven't given that much thought. I know I really liked it when you kissed me. It made me warm. I want to do it again."

"So do I. Let's do it again and then I'll tell you all I know about boys."

I rolled toward her and wrapped both my arms around her. Once again our lips met. I could feel her licking my lips. It felt good, so I licked her lips. Our tongues met. She sucked mine into her mouth and rubbed it with hers. God! What a sensation! I was holding her so tight I thought I might break her. I broke the kiss and sat there huffing and puffing.

"What happened?" I whispered.

"One of my girlfriends told how to do that. It's the first time I tried it. Do you want to do it again?"

"Hell, yes!"

This time I had my arms around her and I pulled her over on top of me. She felt so good there in my arms with our tongues lashing each other. I felt my cock start to rise. She was rubbing against it. I closed my eyes and squeezed her.

"Jeff, you're squashing me," she gasped.

"I'm sorry; I guess I just got carried away."

"That's okay. It felt really nice until you squished me. I guess that's something we'll have to learn too."

She rolled over onto the sofa. "Okay, I'll tell you what I know about boys. Remember that until you kissed me, no one had ever kissed me before. All I know is what my girlfriends tell me. I know that boys will do almost anything to get your panties off. Mama told me not to let 'em. I know they'll try to feel me up. Most of them will tell big lies to get what they want. Mama told me when I find the right one, I'll know and then I can give it up."

I pondered her statements. "Well, I've heard that we're supposed to feel you girls up, but I don't know what parts to feel. It all looks good to me. I know the part about getting your panties off and I know that what follows is supposed to feel really good, but I'm not sure how to go about it. I've had urges to feel you, but I'm basically chicken. I figured you might slap the shit out of me."

She smiled shyly at me. "I've been waiting for you to feel me up. I'm not going to slap you. You are a good honest man. I know you're not here just to get into my panties."

She grabbed my hands and placed them on her breasts. I didn't know quite what to do so I squeezed them gently. She moaned. I kissed her again and continued to rub her breasts.

She suddenly slipped off her blouse and bra. I was astounded. These were my first real titties!

"Kiss them and suck on the nipples," she ordered.

I kissed her breasts and sucked a nipple into my mouth. I was having a great time. I switched to the other nipple. She was moaning and starting to sway gently on the sofa. I heard a car coming up the gravel driveway.

She jumped up and put on her bra and blouse just as the front door opened. She sat back down beside me. "Hi mama, hi daddy," she said in a normal tone. How did she do that?

"Pick me up at five o'clock tomorrow," she smiled as I left the house.

Clearly, there was a lot to learn about the female of the species. I was astounded at how much I didn't know about them. They had always just sort of been there in the background. Now it appeared that one of them was stepping from the background and standing directly in front of me.

"Dad, can you tell me all about women?" I asked after dinner.

"Nope. Nobody can. There is not a man on this earth who knows all about women. Some fools claim they know, but they are just as much in the dark as the rest of us. Don't try to figure them out, son, just accept them as enigmas and let it go at that."

"But what about mom? You know all about mom don't you?"

"Nope. We've been married for twenty five years and she still does strange things that I don't understand. Believe me, boy, you'll be a lot happier if you just accept them and don't try to figure them out."

I wasn't satisfied with the answer I got from my dad, but experience in the years hence has shown him to be one hundred per cent correct. I went to bed thinking about Naomi and how suddenly she had turned into the aggressor. I was also thinking about her nipples and how good they tasted. I wondered if she would let me taste them again. My dick was hard. I went to sleep.

I drove to Naomi's house arriving precisely at five o'clock. Her mother opened the door for me.

"Come in and sit down. Naomi will be ready in just a minute."

I sat on the same sofa where I had sucked Naomi's nipples. I felt warm and happy. I was still feeling warm and happy when she appeared thirty minutes later. She said not a word about being late. She was never late for class. I surmised that she had a different work ethic for dates.

I took her to Enrico's, a Mexican joint, where we enjoyed a five course meal. When the meal was over, I leaned across the tabled and kissed her lightly on the lips.

I held her hand as we entered the theater. She led me to a balcony seat way up in the back.

"We can barely see the movies from here," I complained.

"Yeah, great isn't it?"

I felt like shark bait. We sat down with our drinks and popcorn. I put my arm around her. The lights went down. I could feel her hand on my thigh edging upward toward my hardening cock. She found my stiff member and grasped it. My free hand was at her breast gently kneading it. She hadn't worn a bra, so I assumed she wanted to be squeezed. I leaned over and kissed her as her hand tightened on my cock.

"Feel my panties," she said.

I ran my hand in between her legs and came to her soft cotton panties. They were damp.

"Rub my pussy," she sighed.

I gently rubbed her folds, feeling them as I went. She was soft and damp. She squirmed in the seat and moaned softly into me ear. Her hand was sliding up and down my cock.

"Jeff, let's go to the lake," she whispered.

The movie wasn't half over, but we got up and left the theater. She slid over next to me in the car and wrapped her fingers around my cock again. I knew the exact spot on the lake she wanted to go to. My family owned some farmland on the lake shore. I opened the locked gate and drove in. Once we were over the hill, nobody could see us from the road.

"Here we are." I announced.

She wasn't interested. "Is it always this hard?" She gave my cock a little tug.

"Lately it's only hard when I'm around you," I replied.

"That's so sweet! Can I see it?"

I got out of the car and dropped my pants. She hooked her fingers under the band on my boxers and slowly skinned them from me. My cock flopped out and smacked against my belly.

"That's so cool! Can I touch it?"

"Sure, go ahead," I said unsure about where this was going.

"Ooo, it's soft and hard at the same time. I like it!"

She leaned over and kissed it. Then she put it back in my boxers and pulled my pants up. She held her dress up and pulled her panties off. "Look!" she grinned.

Her pussy was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. "Can I touch it?"

"Just don't put your fingers in me."

I held her pussy in my hand and squeezed it. I felt her twitch. I rubbed her gently, not knowing how much she could take. My fingers were wet. I raised them to my nose and got my first whiff of pussy juice. I smelled so good; I just had to taste it. I licked my fingers as she pulled her panties on and dropped her dress.

She was smiling broadly. "Mama said you would taste it."

"What? You told your mother about this?"

"Actually, she told me. I never would have dreamed this up. It's fun, isn't it? I really liked your cock."

"I think you've got the most beautiful pussy in the world," I stated.

She giggled and blushed. "I think we better go home before we get carried away."

We got in the car. "Where do you want to go?" I asked.

"We better go home and cool off. Could we have a picnic next Saturday at the lake?"

"Of course. I'll pick you up about ten. Bring a swim suit."

"Why? Don't you skinny dip?" she giggled.

"Sounds good to me. No swim suits. I can't wait."

I pulled into her driveway and we went to the porch. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me hard while rubbing her body against my still throbbing cock.

"Saturday, sweetheart," I said as I got into my car.

Saturday at ten o'clock sharp, I knocked on her door. Her mother let me in. "Have a seat Jeff. I'll tell her you're here." She giggled and went upstairs.

Naomi's father came into the living room. "So you like my daughter, eh?"

"Yes sir. I like her a lot."

"You're not going to hurt her are you? I don't want any playboys around here."

"Actually, sir, your daughter is the only girl I've ever dated. If things keep going the way they are, she may be my first and last. I just am not sure yet."

"I like honesty in a young man. I'm sure that whatever you do will be fine with us."

Did I hear him right? Had he just given me permission to make love to Naomi? Naomi came down the stairs in a bright yellow sundress. She was a knockout. How would I ever be able to keep my hands off her? Her father looked at me, nodded and smiled.

We picked up the picnic basket and headed for the car. When we got in, she wrapped her arms around me and kissed me hotly. Wow!

I drove to the lake, past the spot where we had felt each other up and on into a little grove of trees. We spread the blanket on the ground and got out the basket and a cooler. She sat on the blanket. "Come here," she commanded.

I sat down beside her and held her into my arms. She returned my embrace with an intensity I had not yet witnessed. We lay down. I kissed her, a long wet, tongue-filled kiss that left us both panting.

"How do you feel about me, Jeff?" she asked.

"I'm not sure, but I think I'm falling in love with you."

I saw a tear in the corner of her eye. "I was hoping you would say something like that. I've been in love with you for five years. Why else would I take all those math classes? I love you Jeff."

My heart was pounding. I was sweating. My vision was blurred. I couldn't speak. Suddenly my future was clear. In it were Naomi and a flock of little Jeffs and Naomis. 

"My mom knew right away that you were in love with me. She told daddy. I thought he would have a fit, but all he said was, 'It's about time.' What do we do now?"

"I have to buy you a ring. I have to tell my folks. I want you so bad I'm about to have a heart attack."

"Wait until I get you insured," she giggled as she shucked her dress. She was nude underneath. "Let's go skinny dipping," she laughed.

I got out of my clothes and followed her to the lake. By the time I got there she was waist deep in the water. When my butt hit the water, my cock performed that classical maneuver known as 'turtling'. I swam over to her and for the first time held her nude body in my arms. She reached between us and pulled on my cock which sprang to life. I picked her up and kissed her, our tongues intertwining. 

"When we get back to the blanket, we should make love," she whispered.

"Good idea. You lead the way."

Fifteen more minutes of the cold lake water was all she could take. She burst out of the water and scampered through the grove to our blanket. I came out of the trees just as she got dry. She flipped the towel to me. I dried off and lay down beside her. I could smell the fragrance of her excited pussy. My cock had completely recovered.

"I think I get to lick your pussy first," I said.

"Okay Jeff."

I parted her legs and once again worshipped at the temple of Naomi. I kissed the insides of her thighs. I didn't really know what I was doing, but she tasted great, so I pressed on. When my lips touched her pussy, her hips bucked off the blanket. I lapped up the delectable juices that were leaking from her. My tongue ripped a path all the way to her clit. I looked at the little hooded bud and licked it too. She groaned loudly and gripped my head, pulling me into her. I sucked the hard little bud into my mouth as far as I could and tongued it.

"Let's do it now Jeff. I can't take any more. Come on. Fuck me."

I had never heard her use that word before. It sounded urgent and sexy. I lay on top of her. Her hands wrapped around my manhood, pulling it toward her center. She rubbed the end of it in her pussy juice and placed it at her entrance. "Come on Jeff, do it!" she moaned.

I pressed forward and felt her pussy lips on my cock. She wrapped her legs around my butt and jerked me forward. I slipped into her well lubricated cunt. I felt her cherry pop as I slid on in.

She sobbed. I stopped. "It's okay. It just hurt a little when you popped me. Don't stop. I'm not gonna die."

I thrust deeper into her. I found that I couldn't stop thrusting in and out. Her hips were returning my thrusts. I had never felt anything this wonderful in my life. Soon I was stroking full length into and out of her. She was wriggling and moaning.

"Oh, yes Jeff, Harder, faster, faster, ooohhhh I'm gonna cum!"

She was twitching uncontrollably. I felt her juice slosh around my dick as I drove into her. Suddenly she went limp. I thought I had killed her. Then I felt her wiggle a little as she came to. "Do it some more Jeff! Please fuck me some more!"

I resumed my stroking. It wasn't long until I felt my own orgasm building in me. "I'm gonna cum," I grunted.

"Do it in me. Let's start a family now!"

I couldn't have pulled out of her anyway. I was locked into the full 'breed' position. I slammed as far into her as I could and shot wad after wad into her. "Leave it in! Don't pull it out. It feels so good and warm and gooey!"

We spent the rest of the day swimming and fucking and fucking and swimming. 

As it turned out, I did impregnate her that day. We were married that summer and went to college together on the west coast. We both graduated with engineering degrees. It was harder for her because she was pregnant most of the time. By the time I got a good job, we had three kids. Every now and then I reminisce about those days of basic training with my darling Naomi and smile at my good fortune.