 Chapter 2: Who?

A Promise Was Kept

September 2015

Jace and I boarded the flight when it was called, and settled in for the evening flight to LA. The flight attendants had my profile so they kept the drinks coming. After we were at cruising altitude Jace filled me in on more than a decade of his "Life is Hell with Cindy."

I knew that Cindy's family had some association with religion, but I never heard the details. It turned out that Cindy's great-great-grandfather Elijah was a preacher who could not keep a church; it seemed he was not the type of involved minister a congregation needed. Finally he was "called" to start a religious supply and publishing outfit in one of the Carolina's. The brand had grown into a significant family business; every legitimate direct descendant of that preacher and his first wife had a job from the time they were 16. They also employed a good percentage of the local community, which was also very christian. In fact, the community was nicknamed Christian Hollow. Cindy had a full-time job waiting for her every summer; she needed to earn in order to return to school in the fall.

"Why did she take the job if she had so many problems with her family?"

"Money. As a direct descendant she was paid a year's wages for each summer's work, plus she had stock in the company. The stock was valuable, like six figures. But the stock was restricted and would be lost if she didn't work every year."

"Well, at the end of the semester you told me you were not intending to marry her. If you were apart all summer, what got you back together?"

"I was weak. I mean, in terms of the sex, she was a dream, as you know she only said 'yes' or 'yes please' regardless of what I asked. Actually, I take that back, she refused to consider anything with another woman. 'Been there, done that, did the drama, got over it,' she said. But otherwise, she was golden. I also knew she was naturally faithful, she was wired that way. She was only promiscuous in proximity of 'her man' and with his blessing. After you I never blessed anybody else. It took me about a week to work out the general plan. I figured that we could sneak a few dates in during the summer, and in three months I would have my hot little Cindy warming my bed again every night... we were going to shack up at school. But it would not be St. Andrews."

I knew the problem, because she was wealthy while he was not, living together was against policy and virtually impossible. On the other hand, with her grades and money, getting a school that fit would be easy. 

"How about her meds and her condition?"

"We had that covered. She had a 100-day supply when she left campus and a scrip for the next school; the medical center was very understanding."

"So what happened?"

Jace's telling the tales of woe that beset the couple that summer took our flight to the the Texas-New Mexico border. The couple followed the plan but only to a degree, and during summers they were bedeviled at every turn. Part of it was geographical, there were a lot of miles between them. She had obligations 6 days a week. Calling her by phone was impossible. So summer was a bust. They wound up finishing their last two years at a college in New York, near Jace's home in Vermont. Cindy returned to her home each summer. As graduation approached things were going to have to change.

Over the summer Cindy had not lost her enthusiasm in the bedroom, but her meds kept her in control. While she and Jace were shacking up she was, by nature, faithful and fun. With no studly roommate like me to help poor Jace in the bedroom that means she plum wore him out. This was part of their deal, at the new college Jace had nobody he could trust so he said that while he appreciated the uninhibited sex, he could not marry a girl who spread her legs so freely with others. Such behavior was fine for college girlfriend, but not for a wife. He insisted she change if she had expectations of marriage.

Well, you know what they say, sometimes you get what you want - to your own great regret.

Cindy became a one-man woman at all times. When they were at school she still studied like a fiend and was a living sex doll on Wednesdays and over the weekends. (They arranged for class-free Wednesday afternoons. Meds were adjusted.) Jace kept up with her demands - barely.

Towards the end of their senior year, Cindy and Jace had a serious talk about their future. Jace was thinking marriage. Cindy was thinking marriage. But there was a hitch. To keep her ever-more-valuable stock she had to work in the family business. The job paid well, much better than the best Jace and her could do elsewhere, but it meant living in a community where being seen going to church on Sunday was a virtual requirement. Cindy's 'church on Sunday' with the family took four hours on a routine week, plus there was choir practice and other activities during the week. Jace wrestled with this, but he told himself the money was good, and the bedroom life was great, so after much discussion a date was set and a ring was purchased. They were looking at a one-year engagement. Jace got an okay job nearby and avoided the family Sunday mornings by joining another church - the one with the shortest Sunday service. Jace's parents got an inheritance and bought him a home in an ideal location. Cindy returned to her family home until the wedding, but she found time to be intimate with Jace on Friday nights and Saturdays. This was allowed because they were engaged, and Cindy made some promises to her family.

What Jace did not realize was the influence Cindy's mother and sisters had on her at home. That next year, living at home before marriage, they changed Cindy by installing (or maybe re-installing, since it reflected her childhood) a self-image of a married woman, an image he could not predict.

Then on the Monday before their Saturday wedding, Cindy and her mother presented Jace with a prenup. They explained that the most valuable asset coming into the marriage was the family stock, which was restricted and so had to be protected. Jace thought that the house was pretty valuable too, until 'Mom' explained that the stock had a "stated value" that was 50% more than what the house cost.

Jace was unhappy, but they said he should talk to a lawyer. Their only requirement was that it be signed before the wedding. Cindy said that, since his parents would arrive Thursday, that if the document was signed she would stay with him Wednesday night and "help with cleaning the house." Her mother was okay with this.

Jace took the prenup to the local lawyer (there were only 2) who told him that it was pretty standard in the Hollow, he had seen dozens like it. One clause was a heavy penalty for cheating; if Cindy cheated she would lose the stock; since it was restricted the equivalent of it's "liquidated value" would be paid to Jace. Jace did not understand the term "liquidated value" but did not ask, he assumed it was the same as the "stated value" mentioned by Cindy's mother. There was a corresponding clause relating to Jace cheating or otherwise damaging Cindy's public reputation as an exemplary wife; any such acts would cost him the house even if Cindy forgave him. The lawyer said all other clauses were "traditional" in all ways. The lawyer also convinced him that the family would accept no changes. Frustrated with no options and no time, Jace signed. The lawyer notarized at no extra cost.

Jace did not realize honest lawyers never provide services for free.

The honeymoon was 2 weeks in Bermuda. Cindy was the perfect bride on honeymoon, doing all Jace asked for a bliss-filled bonding period. Then the couple got home and Cindy dropped her bombs. Cindy explained that since returning to the family she had 'been born again' in her own way. She stressed to Jace that it was not to the same extent of her mother and sisters, but still there would be some adjustments. Now, as a married woman, she could make her own decisions about drugs. She would stay on the ones to help her maintain control; her family saw how these made good changes that brought her back to the church, so they had to be a blessing. Jace was not going to argue about that.

When it came to sex, as a married christian woman "of the Hollow," Cindy said she was obligated to procreate, so she would stop using all birth control. In addition, she had come to see that sex for procreation was a sacred duty between spouses. To that end she would only have vaginal sex, and that only in one of those positions where they, as 'sanctified lovers' could kiss and gaze lovingly into one another's eyes as they coupled, as an aid to procreation.

From his education Jace recognized this as something borrowed from Islam, but he knew better than to say that.

These changes were not what Jace thought he signed up for, but he was wrong. Long story short, thanks to the prenup it was exactly what he signed up for.

"Why not just divorce the bitch?" I asked.

"The prenup! Divorcing her in that community would damage her reputation, so I would lose the house my folks bought, along with everything I had saved plus my pension. The prenup is binding, I would not get the 50/50 split of a divorce - like that really happens anyways."

"How is the sex?"

"It is not! A clause in the prenup makes me responsible for the support and education of all children from the marriage until they are 25. Decisions about their education are her's to make. Since she is fertile, I really can't afford to have sex with her."

"Not even on 'safe' days?"

"Without birth control her cycle is wildly erratic. I used to take the risk, because I was young, horny, stupid and in love. But the more I thought about that risk, along with the reduced reward due to her restrictions - she pretty much just lies there - made me give it up completely. She is NOT happy about that, but things are not going to change. Those drugs give her a will of iron."

When I knew her, Cindy NEVER just laid there. 

"It is kind of ironic really," he commented. "She used to do everything but missionary. Now it is almost the only thing she will do."

"How about bondage? We got her to do missionary that way."

"Bondage missionary she will do, but not blindfolded because of the 'loving gaze' thing, is the only kink she will indulge. But even that does not help much unless she struggles."

"How about during her period? That is safe."

"Of course it is, so she refuses - she says she learned she can't procreate then, so she refuses to have "unfruitful" sex. She tacks a couple of no-sex days on the end of her period, just to be sure. The drugs really have put her in control, she has a will of iron and her family for backup. Bottom line is I have not had sex with my wife in 5 years."

I agreed that things sounded very bad for poor Jace. But sometimes, one man's misfortune can be turned to something better, if he has a friend who is in the right position.

I asked about the possibility of an affair. In his community, it was simply not possible because everybody knew him. He started working for the family firm, the higher pay was impossible to turn down. In theory he could cheat while on the road, except that his sales calls were all clients or suppliers with a similar outlook. In addition, they all gossiped endlessly, they seemed to treat "being watchful" as a religious obligation. So the only people he spent time with were off limits. He got a promotion two years ago. A recent retirement gave Jace a new territory. Starting this quarter his package of accounts had him going to SoCal about 6 times a year, usually for more than a week at a time. They said it was because the family trusted him doing missionary work selling their faith products among the godless heathens in the land of megachurches.

We were over the Grand Canyon State when Jace finally asked about me. He knew I was raised by a single mother, so college was a financial stretch. I graduated with a mountain of debt. A few months after graduation Mom married for the first time, to a nice guy, and we were welcomed into a large family. The interesting thing was that my new stepfather's sister was married to a guy who owned a film company in LA. They produced commercial, training and educational films, most were 10 to 100 minutes long. I applied for a job based on my education in English and the Film Arts, and after a short talk Uncle Abe hired me on the spot as an assistant copywriter - about 4 grades higher than I deserved. I had done well so now I was a full producer. Despite all expectations to the contrary, my extensive coursework in English, Arts and Film History (6 classes in film alone) had paid off. I was well compensated.

Just before college graduation I got married. My wife and I moved to the East Coast where I wrote copy, mostly ads, until I met Abe and he hired me. We had two children quickly.

In both SoCal and Christian Hollow, the family connection had paid off big for us former roomies. Uncle Abe was especially comforted to know I would never jump ship, as so many producers did. Jace's wife's family felt the same about him. After all, they had his nuts in a box. Which was in a safe. In a vault. In their house. Guarded by a large, mean dog.

I told him right off that I didn't know any big film stars, but every bit player in Southern California made sure I had their contact info in my Rolodex. I had people to make sure of it. I had a few entertaining war stories which I shared. For instance, we don't do XXX movies, but sometimes those folks come to us for commercial purposes, like films to arrange financing. (The film industry is 95% about raising money, 5% spending it making magic, then 50% arguing with your onscreen talent.) Once I had to cast a few comic bits using second tier adult actresses, who naturally assumed I cast films the usual way - on the couch. I had to convince each one that they did not have to show me their bare boobs. They were hard to convince, because they "knew the others were doing it." After debating all morning with topless porn starlets, I gave up after lunch, and let them get topless for me. The problem was, once they were topless they didn't want to stop there. I saw all varieties of pierced and tattooed pussy that afternoon. The next day I got smart and brought my partner - but that didn't work either because they assumed I wanted to see their lesbian skills, so they all wanted to undress her too! Jace thought that was pretty funny.

So did she. She didn't let them because something else would be next. She did, however, require extensive oral service from me all night and all the next weekend because she was "unaccountably in that type of mood."

When we landed at LAX Jace made a quick trip to the rest room and I sent a quick text to my home.

My driver met us at the airport. Thirty minutes after getting our bags we pulled up at my house.

-

A Relaxing Evening

The house seemed to be empty when we arrived. I explained that, as a family business, sometimes long hours were required.

Jace replied, "I know it brother."

I did the host thing. "So, what is your pleasure? We can go out for dinner. But to tell the truth, after a travel day I like to take a shower, then do the hot tub or the sauna. I can nuke something from the freezer, or maybe do a pizza. Take out or home made. Any ideas?"

"Wow, you have both a sauna and a hot tub?"

"Also a pool, an exercise pool, and a first class exercise room; jogging in LA is not always a good idea but slimness is an absolute requirement."

"You know, the shower, a pizza, and the hot tub all sound good. I don't feel like going out, and the day has taken a lot out of me. The only problem is my shortage of swimwear."

I had to tell him the truth. "Jace, this is Cali, I believe Arnold the Governater banned swimsuits in hot tubs. Besides, after our weekly DPs with Cindy, you and I don't have any secrets, do we?"

"No, I guess not. Damn, I do miss the good old days. But what about your wife coming home?" Jace asked. "I'm sure she does not want to meet Mr. Pasty-flesh naked.

"Not an issue," I said truthfully, "she is not coming home tonight."

I showed him to his room with an en suite bathroom, then grabbed a gourmet pizza and programmed the combo oven to defrost and then do the convection oven thing. When I heard his shower running I went to the upstairs office where my lover was waiting in front of the screens showing the video feed.

"What do you think? Are you really up for this?" I asked. Finding Jace meant either moving fast on something we had been talking about for ten years, and been actively seeking for two years, or taking a pass, possibly for life. It was an ideal setup. Decision time was here.

"So far, yes. I agree, it is the wildest luck you had running into him, there could be no better choice. But you still need to feel him out for your special kinks. This is a big step."

"Yeah, about that, if it is a go I was thinking of fitting him into the 'pillow case' scenario tonight, and doing introductions at a later date. Oral then Cowgirl? Showing the poor guy a good time can't hurt. Sound good?"

"Ummm... that is sly... and HOT. I am wet already. But stay flexible. Heck, I will wear the pillow case if it makes sense."

Yeah, that would work too, except I wanted to see her eyes when his cock slipped into her. I went to take my own shower.

-

Jace and I were done about the same time, so we made our way to the kitchen, grabbed the pizza, some glasses of better scotch (Blue for guests), then trooped out to the hot tub. In no time at all we were very relaxed.

"Man, this is the way to end a day like I had," Jace said.

"I hear you. But I have to say, what's missing is a little female companionship," I replied.

"Well, that might work for you, once your wife gets home. But I have to put such thoughts out of my mind. Hmmm... If only you looked better..." Jace mused.

"Hey hey, none of that. You might go that way but I never have."

"Yeah... well, that was a long time ago... high school. Really, after those 4 good years with Cindy, I doubt it would work with a guy. Not that I have a chance. In Christian Hollow they are very watchful of such things, they have a fire ring in the center of town with a stake set up as an express lane for the damned. Salem stole the idea."

"Look, no offense, those times with Cindy were great. Some of my fondest memories. I understand things never stay the same but... wouldn't it be great to do some of those things again?" I asked, dangling the bait.

"No offense taken... I kinda wish Cindy had not changed, even if it required other guys. I hear you, but those times are lost to me."

"I can see why you might think that way. But you know, I might be able to help with that. I mean, you shared Cindy with me, and we all got off on it. What if some arrangements could be made, arrangements that would provide you some similar comforts, albeit in a different setting, and with some strings attached."

"That does not seem likely, for reasons I have mentioned. If my wife had the slightest hint..."

"Well, let us think on that. What about somebody your wife and your company do not know about? I imagine invoking the prenup requires proof, not suspicions. One can't look for proof without knowing there is a need to look, and then one has to know where to look, and finally one must have the power to look... So tell me, does Cindy know where you are right now?"

"Well, no, not as such. But I will have to tell her when I file my expense report."

"This is a town where reality can be crafted at will for any script desired... that is my business. You wife does not have subpoena powers, does she?"

"Well, in the Hollow she can come pretty close. But now that you mention it... I take you point. You know, the truth is that at home I live in a fishbowl, where everybody knows me and gossip spreads like wildfire. Life there puts one in a 'big brother' state of mind. But here, I can see that things are the opposite. I mean, I am under the stars, naked, and nobody knows it but you. Heck, if we were surrounded by high-rise buildings with people looking out the windows, I would still be anonymous. Damn, that is very uplifting."
