 Chapter 4: Two On One - Like Old Times

Sharing A Shower

The shower attached to our playroom is large, with 5 stations for showering. The center station includes a couple of plastic hand grips on ropes descending from the ceiling. Deni took hold of the grips and stood in the middle of the shower. Jace entered the shower with her, trying to take it all in. I stayed behind to unroll and stretch out a triple-width futon pad we had in the playroom.

As they walked into the glass-walled shower, Jace was totally focused on my wife, so I took a moment to focus on Jace's butt. Unlike Jace, I have never been with a guy, but I admit to being a little curious. Looking at his ass, I stiffened as I wondered what would happen on our next visit. One of Deni's greatest fantasies, in fact a driving fantasy for bringing a man into our bed, is to be fucked by a guy who is in turn being fucked in the ass by another guy. That was likely to come up next time. Since she got a strap-on a few years ago, anal sex was a two-way street between us, so I was okay with doing something. I knew that when the time came, she would have preferences. I wondered who would she prefer in the middle of that arrangement, getting fucked, and fucking her: him or me? Did I have a preference? Would she want to rim the guy in the middle before we started, or would she want the other guy to do it? What hole would she pick to be fucked in? These were all questions to consider, questions that might well be answered in a couple of months when Jace visited here again. After a moment I put the questions out of my mind and joined the other two in the shower.

Deni was in position, holding the grips. She is tall (5 foot 11) and stretched out like this she looks magnificent. Jace was not sure of what to do. I started turning on the water taps, which are on automated settings (with instant-on heaters) for the correct temperature as soon as they are turned on. Cali is so very non-wasteful of clean water and dirty energy.

There is something about a woman's body posed in extension, vulnerable, with her arms over her head, as Deni was posed. I think it makes her much more attractive and desirable. Maybe part of it is the total lack of defense in the posture, with the arms extended they cannot hinder any action. Plus, nothing is covered, she is totally exposed. Her breasts stand proud on her chest, her pussy is completely out in the open and the prominence of her mound is evident. Her mouth is there for the plundering by the man's lips should he desire. If such a woman is within reach there is an almost overwhelming urge to put ones hands on her, to feel and caress everywhere, especially the intimate places, or in ways you might expect her to object to. Finally, I think it is the pose that allows any woman's most beautiful features to catch the eye.

For me, a large part of this is the exposure of the underarms. As a culture, we are conditioned to associate this region of the body with shame, we cover it with ointments and even touching it is "weird" according to one commercial for an underarm product. But not all cultures have such an anti-natural bias, and I think there is a natural primitive urge that remains. When a woman exposes her armpit so openly to a man, she says she is completely vulnerable and available to him. The man, in turn, wrestles with social conditioning versus the more primal urges to lick and kiss and smell and give loving bites to every part of her, including that part of her that society denies.

When Deni took hold of the grips she was posed with her legs spread and her muscles in relaxed tension; it was how we installed them some years ago. At this setting their was no real strain, her feet were flat and her arms were supporting only themselves. But the look was compelling. I loved to caress her when she was like this. Also, as it was a multi-person shower, the pose conveyed an implicit invitation for any and all present to explore her body with their hands; she would not object and she would not interfere. We went one step further - the ropes holding the hand grips also carried hoses, so when activated, a sheet of water could run down her arms and body. Water is a release agent, it frees inhibitions. In this case, the arrangement also kept Deni's hair dry, which was something she insisted on, given the constraints of the world outside our shower room.

Besides the hoses on the hand-grip there were conventional shower heads - shoulder height sprays and rainfalls on the ceiling - plus hand-held units.

Despite living here for five years I was the only man who had been with Deni in this shower - until today. (There had been a few other women joining her, before and after hot tub or sunbathing sessions; they looked, but did not touch.) Now Jace was with her, and his conditioned inhibitions were at odds with his desires. Deni had to urge him on.

"Look at me Jace, we all know what you want to do to me. Go ahead, why else would I be posed like this with you? We designed this shower with those desires in mind."

She turned to me. "Elliot, position 2." I pushed the button, the height of the grips was adjustable via a motor; there were presets for Deni. Position 2 raised the ropes slightly, so to keep her grip she had to rise from a flat-footed relaxed pose to lifting up slightly on her toes. Her arms were now holding some of her body weight bringing muscles into tension, and her heels were off the ground, like wearing high heels, doing the same for her legs. Her arms, torso and especially her legs were more attractive with her muscles taut. Jace could see what she was doing to make herself more attractive to him.

Deni urged him on. "I know what you want to do with your hands. Go ahead, I would love for that to happen. My husband won't mind... soon he will join in. But you get first crack so go ahead, do what you wish."

Finally he did. Jace stepped up close, raised both his hands to her arms, and then drew them down her sides, caressing her arms, underarms, torso, hips and finally her thighs. Deni moaned for the length of the long body caress. "That was nice Jace, but you want more, don't you? Go ahead, why do you think I am strung up like this?" This further emboldened Jace, his next move was to step close, so close his erect cock was pressed against my wife's belly. She sighed at the contact and encouraged to do more. He took her head in both hands. Cradling it like a treasure, he pressed his mouth to her in a deep, passionate kiss that reprised what they had done, and what they had felt, roughly 14 years ago when they were 18 years old and dating.

This was the romantic kiss that encompassed the one worry I had about this plan for bringing my wife together with her former lover. I felt my stomach drop in fear, I will admit the strength of my emotional reaction caught me a little off guard; they were really kissing like it meant something. I had to wonder, how much was passionate lust of the moment, and how much was sincere affection, buried in a box years ago, when she picked Jace as her ideal partner for the games, and for their private games, which went all the way. Had I opened Pandora's box? There were no clues while they were in the embrace.

When they finally parted Deni and Jace were both a little breathless, looking at each other with these intense, almost giddy smiles. They were clearly sharing memories of past feeling, past intimacies, and my heart almost stopped. But after a few breaths I got a sign from both of them. Jace's hands went to her nipples, twisting and pulling playfully; I knew her nubs felt very good, but I also knew that the abrupt move signaled lust, it was not the soft caress that would herald a spark of love. At the same time my wife glanced at me again with a big, sincere 'thank you' smile that said I had brought her exactly what she had long dreamed about, the perfect two-legged sex toy with the good working parts and all the extra bells and whistles. Then she gasped a little, and gave another moan of lust in reaction to what Jace was doing to her nipples.

The gasp and moan were both sounds she made during masturbation, they were her naked and sincere responses to physical sensation. Again, raw lust instead of rediscovered love. All was good.

Moments later she spoke to me again. "Back to 1, and start the water please... hoses and handhelds."

The first phrase was my cue to return the ropes to their original position, now that she had Jace's attention she did not need the strain of holding herself up, but she did not want to let go of the grips, she knew I liked her like that. I turned on the water hoses running down the ropes to the grips, creating sheets of water running down her arms, immediately covering my wife's body (but not her hair) with a continuous film of warm running water. Finally I sent water to the handheld shower massagers that we could each use. These each had their own 'on/off' levers. Each of the water sources had 'instant on' heater elements set at the correct temperatures, so the water was always hot, but not too hot, as soon as it started.

I came over to Jace and handed him a hand unit. I pointed out the two 'on' buttons, blue was just water, red was a spray of body wash and water, making a cleansing foam. The body wash was from Japan, made from seaweed or something; it did not dry the skin. It was expensive, but worth it for my wife's priceless body. To start I stepped behind Deni and went to her arms with the foam, so it flowed down the sides of her body, making her slick to the hand.

As I was doing this, Jace and Deni were having a conversation while looking at each other; I gather that he wanted to do something but was not sure if it was allowed. Deni reassured him - out loud - that she was completely open to his desires, and that she knew what his naughty desires were. "Go on Jace, I know you want to pet the kitty... kitty remembers nice people." That was what it took, Jace's hand moved down to her pussy, where her cupped her. "That's it, this kitty still likes you. Remember when we dated? That first time in the commons, you were so surprised to find out kitty was hairless? I had just started shaving it again, you were the first person in college to touch me completely bare. But you really liked it... and it liked you." She got this real excited smile, a smile that said he could do more. "You can put your fingers in me Jace, you know this kitty won't bite you." So, while still cupping her, Jace began to move his fingers so they parted Deni's nether lips and touched her sensitive pink flesh inside. She shivered with pleasure. "Oh fuck yes, that's it, your fingers have a good memory."

He played some more as he gave her another kiss. With their hands occupied they could not embrace, but I could see how torsos and necks pushed them together as their mouths sought each other.

Deni drew back. "Oh Jace, that does feel so good to have you touch me there. Feel free... maybe you could start to wash me there?" she said in a very eager, inviting voice. "I am sure my husband won't mind if you do."

I was not in a position to see his exact moves, but her moans which followed made it clear things were going quite well indeed. With the foam and the water, her pussy got very slippery and she loved being fingered down there.

Meanwhile, I was foaming her back up nicely. I started to work lower, at her bottom, and began using my own fingers around, and then inside the tight rim. She gave my finger a squeeze inside, she also liked that a lot.

"Oh, you are both fingering my naughty, hungry holes. In a few hours both holes will be stretched open and filled with your cum... the idea is getting me crazy. Jace, can you feel Elliot's fingers moving in my dirty hole? We have to get me all clean for later, before the DP - so you can stick your tongues in me first. Oh FUCK! That feels so good! I love it so much! Both of you boys... you naughty boys... taking such liberties with poor little me. OHHHHYESSS!"

We both had our fingers inside her for that as she writhed between us in climax; his eye caught mine and suddenly it was like old times again for Jace and me and a female to play with. Just like that he slipped out of 'my wife's old boyfriend' and back into 'the guy who joined me doing Cindy every way we thought of' mode.

Of course, we never did Cindy in the shower quite like this.

Jace liked her pussy, but he also liked her tits, and after a few more minutes in the fun box he moved his attentions up. I knew how good they felt all soapy and warm and soft. In the meantime I was running my hands over her back and sides, spreading the slick foam. She was twisting with pure pleasure under my touch, soaking up the loving of 4 hands enjoying her foam-slick body.

Once Deni's torso and legs were covered in foam we set aside the handhelds and spent time running our hands over her slick body, moving continuously. Repeatedly. Not just the hot spots (which did get some extra attention), but all over - hitting every spot. We rotated around her, so both of us slipped fingers into her pussy, and her ass, moving together, "shaking hands" was our name for it, and the naughty act surely did her no harm. We played with her tits from both the front and back, and even both at once, from the sides - she also liked that. We each took her head in our hands and took hot, deep kisses from her while the other pressed his cock into her crack while he watched. Some of the kisses were passionate and some amounted to fucking her mouth with a tongue. She yielded to all. Then we were eating her lips like a pussy, adding teeth just right, bruising them a little so they swelled. She hung there in ecstasy, letting us have our way with her body in every way we pleased.

Eventually Jace and I shifted into our old pattern we used on Cindy. We stopped rotating. First we worked the torso above the navel, Jace took her right side while I took her left, so both of us were soaping Deni's tits or fingering her wide open pussy or rubbing her back at the same time. She made it clear four hands was a marked improvement over the two she usually enjoyed. Then, when we dropped below the navel, he worked the front while I worked the back. We each worked until we had three fingers in each of her openings, rinsing her out, telling her she would be so good to eat. Plus we rubbed her thighs and calves, which gave her new energy. When we finally got to her feet my wife was still covered in the slick foam in some places but she was very, very relaxed from two sets of hands.

-

Deni's thoughts:

Once I was covered with foam my two lovers spent a good deal of time just running their hands over my slippery body everywhere. This was almost a vertical massage, except they kept switching focus to the good parts every few minutes. In between the naughty bits they covered every inch of me below the neck with their hands, giving me the simple but extensive contact that was what I craved. It was a delightful experience, an unimaginable fantasy wish come true which went on and on. When they had pleasured me to complete relaxation above and below they started to rinse me off. The body wash did not rinse easily, which meant more hands-on-bare-skin contact. Once the foam was off, lips and tongues were brought to bear, "to make sure." They took the liberty to spend extra time on my breasts, making sure that they were absolutely clean, well pleasured and standing up so tall they almost hurt. Then they did the same with the naughty parts below, both front and back, where I would receive their release when they finally surrendered. They worked together very well, when Elliot was using his mouth on my pussy he reached back and spread my ass cheeks wide, to make it easy for the Jace to rim my ass so good and deep. It was pure indulgence, I felt SO pleasured. They both took the time to tease me plenty before they worked their tongues deep into my tight holes.

As we were all finishing up, I got the distinct impression that Jace would have liked to suck my toes, one-by-one. That would have been nice, another fond memory revisited, but we did have a schedule to keep. Definitely next time. I had a brief thought of spending some time alone with him, maybe overnight in his bed. But I couldn't spring that on my husband. I would have months to work on that for next time.

-

Sharing A Timer-Bang

Deni's Thoughts Continue

For the next bit, I wanted to experience something a bit of "less loving and more extreme fucking," like a gang-bang would be, except it would be with just my current and my former lovers. Elliot and I once read a story where 3 guys fucked a girl used a timer to switch off, so the girl, who was blindfolded, felt like she was being gang-banged by more guys. As a side-effect, the guys lasted longer, so the girl got off much more then she would in a normal fuck-til-you-cum gang bang. We called it a timer-bang. A big part of this fantasy for me was that I would not see who was having their pleasure inside my pussy. 

Blindfolds are usually part of the gang-bang head trip, but we have found they never work as well as one expects. So Elliot and I have gone the next step: opaque contact lens. In our business we can get all kinds of weird stuff. Mine are an unreal purple color. While they are a bother to put in and take off because you can't see, but they are comfortable to wear, do not slip off accidentally at the wrong time, and one can even fall asleep in them. While I was at the sink putting them in the guys washed their equipment for my lips; it never takes too long.

Jace was surprised to see me with purple eyes. As Elliot led me into the play room he explained my blindness to Jace, how the mystery contributed to the head trip. He got me to the futon and I assumed the position.

The futon is oversized - it can sleep 3 and is double thick - and was covered with a sheet. Another sheet and a blanket hung nearby. The plan was to stay here, all three of us, until Jace had to get ready to leave. We would sleep together between the end of the timer-bang and the start of the DP.

Elliot set the timer for three minute intervals, plus he set the wake-up alarm for the sleep period. Basically, I was going to stay there and let the guys do it all to pleasure me. The one undecided issue was whether I would stay 'blind' with the contacts during the DP.

-

Elliot

I explained the timer-bang game to Jace. "Deni has always fantasized about a gang-bang with about a half-dozen guys, all friendly but greedy in how they fucked her one after another. With six we could vary the order and really mess her mind. We thought about it for the bachelor party, but that went a different way - which was just as well. She never worked up the courage to try it before we were married with club members - it seemed a bit crude for friends. Since then we have never found anybody else we trust enough to join us. But she figured that, if there are two or three guys who alternate short fucks, it will feel the same as her imagined naughty half-dozen. So that is the plan. After some initial play, we were going to take turns fucking my wife. This will be missionary position, straight fucking not making love, she wants us to be 'more selfish' for ourselves in what we were doing; her thrill comes from our energetic action and our selfish indifference, so she does not feel compelled to do anything but take it and feel good. She will be driven to climax again and again."

"Won't she be able to tell us apart?"

"She thinks she won't the first couple of times, and after that she won't care. I will toss roll a die to see who went first, you call 'odds or evens' in the air. After that there is no talking until the end."

"How long do we go?"

"I set each 'turn' to last three minutes. If somebody has a climax or gets her off they can finish what they are doing then slap the timer, which resets it. This is a series of wind sprints, if we go longer than three minutes we will slow down at the end, but, a shorter period will not get us going."
