 The day had been long and exhausting. I arrived home, wanting nothing more than a long soak in the tub. After feeding the dogs and letting them out, I walked into my bathroom, and there he stood. The man I had been thinking about -- no, dreaming about it. He was standing naked in my bathroom, tub filled with steaming, scented water, candles burning, and sexy music playing softly in the background. Without a word, he reached out and began to slowly undress me. He helped me into the tub, and climbed in with me.

We sat for awhile, drinking wine; he was cradling me against him, between his legs. I could feel his already powerful erection pressing against my back. I leaned into him and closed my eyes, sighing contently. After a while, he picked up the rose scented soap and began to lather my breasts. It felt heavenly, his hands slippery with soap, teasing my nipples until they stood up and cried out to be sucked, licked, and bitten. 

He tested the heaviness of each breast, lifting and caressing. He kept teasing my nipples until I did not think I could stand it any longer. Then suddenly his hands were gone. They had slide down my sides, along my hips, where he caught hold of me and turned me to face him. Lie back and relax, he said. I did as he told me, and again he picked up the scented soap and gathered handfuls of lather. But he did not move back to my breasts, he moved further down, to my sweet, aching pussy. He was washing me with gentle, loving movements.

Why does he want me so clean, I wondered -- then I caught my breath -- could it be, dare I dream that he might be thinking, might be planning....but no, I could not hope it. Soon enough, my thoughts were retuned to what his hands were doing. His movements became more urgent, moving harder, rubbing, then teasing my pussy lips open, with just the right amount of pressure, easing into my softness, causing me to cry out in pleasure. One finger, two, three, in and out, steady, not faster, not slower, harder, softer -- but always just right. I cried out again and again and he made me cum -- no longer sure where I was, but it did not matter. All that mattered was his hand on my pussy, and waves of pleasure he sent crashing through me. I fell back, exhausted, very pleased, and mildly embarrassed. I could never get used to so thoroughly letting go of myself while being pleasured.

I must have drifted off, because I heard him say, Oh, I am not finished with you yet and when I opened my eyes I could see the truth in that statement. He was standing over me in the tub, his cock rock hard, and demanding attention, it seemed to me. I sat up and took him in my mouth. All the way in, to the very back of my throat. At the same time I caressed his balls with one hand, while holding his cock with the other. Slowly at first, I sucked him. I slid my mouth down his shaft, taking in the entire length, rubbing the soft underside of his cock with my tongue. Moving faster now, his hands buried in my hair, urging me to keep loving him with my mouth. Suddenly I slowed, moving along his cock until the tip of it was almost touching my lips, I gently breathed on him, warm loving breath, flicking my tongue around the head of his cock, and hearing his sharp intake of breath, once more plunged my mouth all the way down, engulfing him in the softness and warmth of my mouth. Again I began moving faster, and as I did, began gently stroking his asshole. He seemed to like it, so I gently slipped one finger inside, and as I did, he moaned, pulled my head roughly to him and spurted what seemed like gallons of cum inside my mouth. Smiling to myself, I swallowed -- secretly pleased that I had this power over him. He sank back down into the water, and we lay there together for a few moments.

When he moved again, it was to help me out of the tub. We dried each other off, exchanging deep kisses, little nibbles and licks, and caresses. He then led me to the bed, laid me face down, and began to rub massage lotion onto my back. As he moved to my ass, he seemed to spend more time there then totally necessary, massaging, dipping his fingers into my crack, down between my legs. I was beginning to feel the familiar warmth start from what seemed the middle of my body, and my breath was coming short, when suddenly his hands were gone. When I felt them again, he was rubbing my feet. He continued working up my legs, until he reached my upper thighs and took me by the hips and turned me over. He was kneeling between my legs and just looking. I realized he was gazing at my pussy, and I heard him whisper, It is beautiful. For one wild moment I thought I must stop him that he could not really be going to make my fantasy come true, that I could not stand it if he did. But then he slid down the bed, lowered his head and kissed the very center of my being. I could immediately feel his teeth. Sucking, licking, and nibbling, all in perfect harmony with how my body was feeling. Everything I needed, he gave me. The sensation was nearly overwhelming, and when I thought I could not stand it anymore, that is when he began to get really serious about his work. He expertly licked and sucked my clit until I was grinding my hips against his face, begging him to eat me, suck me, lick me, and fuck me. I felt such intense pleasure and emptiness all at once. Then I felt him more, and the emptiness was no more, as he rammed his hard throbbing cock home into my warm, tight, and welcoming pussy. I cried out as he slammed into me again and again, feeling his balls slap my ass. I loved the feeling of being taken with such force, such abandonment, such passion. To think that I could make him feel this way, lose himself like this, and want so badly -- it was heaven.

We moved together, faster, now slower, looking into each other's eyes and smiling, kissing, teasing, coming almost apart, sliding back together. I tightened my pussy muscles around his cock, which answer with pulsing of its own. Suddenly he could hold back no longer, and began to move into me faster and faster, seemingly unaware now that I was there. I moved with him, and we came together in a blinding orgasm that shook the entire room.

We came back to ourselves slowly, he drifting off into sleep, and me lying awake smiling, caressing his back, our legs tangled together. As I lay there, I began to plan our next encounter...