 Part one of a three part story


As soon as I entered Shop Rite, I heard a female voice calling me," Hey Meat, I'm over here Honey. Come here; for a minute, I want to talk to you, and ask you for a big favor."

I looked around to see who was calling me. Then I saw her, it was, Rosemarie Esposito! Christ I got so excited just by seeing her and hearing her voice that my heart started pounding and my penis began to twitch. 

God only knows, I've had a huge crush on Rosemarie and a wicked case of hot pants for her, from the first time I ever saw her, and that was on our first day in kindergarten. What more do I need to say; she's always been my heart throb and the main object of most of my adolescent masturbation fantasies.

Unfortunately for me, she's always been way out of my league. She's wasn't only, the most beautiful, most popular, and the smartest girl in school. All the cool guys were hot for her, too. To make matters worse, she comes from a very well to do, strict Roman Catholic, Italian family.

I'm an English Irish Catholic guy, from the wrong side of town and my only; claim to fame was I had biggest dick in school. Beside's that everybody though that I was a thug, because of where I lived.

Her cousin Wally and I are life long friends. Wally and his girl friend Janie, tried to fix me up with her one Friday night, and the four of us went out for pizza. I was so nervous about going out with her; that I started stuttering, when I tried to talk to her. 

Needless to say; I made a complete asshole out of myself, and blow any chances I may have ever had with her.

Nothing went right that night. Rosemarie had just broken up with some guy and she was sobbing and whining about him all evening with, Janie. To make matters worse, she had just gotten her period. Consequently, my date with my dream girl Rosemarie Esposito went right down the drain. 

Now there she was standing in the check out isle calling and waving, for me to come over to her. 

I couldn't help myself, and I rushed right over to her, like a big fool. I could hear myself muttering," Sure Rosemarie, I'll do anything for you! I'll be glad to do you a favor," and I didn't even know, what the she wanted! 

Rosemarie is a tall full figured beautiful girl. She had, her jet black pulled back into a long pony tail, her big brown bedroom eyes were sparkling, and she was wearing that gloss lipstick, that made her full lips look moist, and oh so kissable. 

She had her sunglasses perched up on top of her head, with a pair of large gold hoop earrings, in her ears, with a string of big white beads around her neck. She was wearing a short black low cut cotton summer dress that clung nicely to her perfect curves. 

I looked her over from head to toe admiring her beauty. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra, because I could clearly make out the out line of her large full perky breasts, the big bumpy areolas that surrounded her gumdrop sized nipples.

As my eyes traveled downward over her body; I could see the indentation of her navel, the waist band of her panties, and her puffy mound of Venus, was clearly visible pressing against the front of her clinging dress. The short skirt of her dress only came haft way down, her well toned, tanned thighs, and she was wearing a pair of pink flip flops on her feet.

I just stood there; gawking at her, with my tongue hanging out, like a dog on a hot summer's day. God the effect this girl has on me is unbelievable. What more can I say? She's always been my dream girl.

Rosemarie was smiling at me as she took my hand in hers and said sweetly, "Meat, I've been trying to get up the courage to call you, and tell you how sorry I am, that our date didn't work out better."

Christ my heart jumped when she took my hand in hers. I instinctively wrapped my fingers around her soft warm hand and held it, like a teenager. 

She didn't seem to mind that I was holding her hand, she just continued on, with what she was saying, "Meat, I really need to ask you, for a big favor now. I was only planning on getting a few things, so I walked to the store. But as you can see; I got a little carried away! Now I need a ride home. I'll tell you what, if you give me a lift, I'll make breakfast for us."

I smiled as I said, "Sure I'll be happy to give you a ride home."

Rosemarie looked at me strangely as she said, "Meat, I thought you stuttered!"

I tried to sound cool as I said "I do when I'm around pretty girls, like you." After saying that; I got such a rumbling in my gut, that I was afraid, I was going to fart.

Rosemarie smiled as she asked, "Do you really think I'm pretty?"

I knew she was fishing for a compliment so I said, "Yea, Rosemarie, I think you're very pretty."

Rosemarie eyes were sparkling as she said," You're so sweet. I'm really sorry our date didn't go better, maybe the next time, things will be different. That's if, you ever want to go out with me again."

My heart jumped when I heard her say that. I wanted to say something to impress her, but I couldn't think of anything witty, to say. 

Just like always; I though to myself, when I'm around her, I just can't find the right words to say.

Rosemarie gently pulled her hand from mine, so she could pay for her groceries. I bagged them for her, and loaded the bags into her shopping cart. As we walked out of the store; I followed alone behind her, like a puppy dog, pushing her shopping cart. What I was really doing, was watching her lovely hips swaying from side to side and admiring her ass, as she walked. 

Rosemarie lived on the third floor of an old three family house in the city point area of New Haven. As I lugged her groceries up the steep narrow hallway stairs. I couldn't stop myself from peeking up under her skirt and admiring the backs of her long beautiful legs and the shapely round craves of her buns, under the sexy black lacy panties, she was wearing

Her apartment was tiny. I guess you could say it was cozy. As I tried to help her, put away her groceries. We kept bumping into each other and rubbing against each other. As our bodies touched, Rosemarie would blush and smile at me. And I'd get a thrill that would shoot right down to the end of my cock, than I'd grin back at her like a fool. 

I quickly discovered that Rosemarie is one of those; affectionate, friendly, feely touchy people, and that she never stops talking. 

I was trying to get to the icebox, to put her milk away, as she was going into the pantry. 

We were so close, that her breasts pressed hard against my chest, as she brushed past me, causing her nipples to become erect. Good God Almighty, I froze as her hard gumdrop sized nipples, scraped across my chest. She was so close; I could feel her body heat and smell the sweet scent of her perfume.

Christ, I got such a trill that I started having trouble breathing, and I think my heart stopped beating for a moment. I wanted to wrap my arms around her, pull her against me, and kiss her. 

But I didn't have the courage. 

Rosemarie was only inches away from me, when she looked into my eyes and said, with a slight quiver in her voice," Oh God Honey; Please believe me, I'm not a whore. 

"I know'' I said softly as I pulled her against me; to comfort her, I kissed her on the forehead and whispered," Rosemarie, I know you're not a whore." 

As I rubbed her back to reassure her, our bodies sorted of melted together.

While I held her in my arms Rosemarie stood up on her tip toes, and wrapped her arms around my neck, draping her soft warm body against mine, and we innately began pushing our hips, back and fourth against each others. 

I wanted to hold her like this forever, and never let her go. Then Rosemarie suddenly pushed herself away from me, and placed her hands on my chest, holding me at arms length. 

She still had tears in her eyes as she asked," What's wrong with me, am I really a slut, and I just don't know it?" 

I was shocked by the way she suddenly pulled away from me, but I managed to say," No Honey you're not a slut." Then I asked," Rosemarie, where are you getting the crazy idea that you're a slut? 

She replied," My Mother says that good Italian Catholic girls, like me, shouldn't like sex, and that good Catholic only have intercourse after they are married to make our husbands happy once in a while and to have children! 

Mommy also says that only whores like having sex and doing those other filthy dirty things that men like to do!" 

"Oh God No Rosemarie," I replied, Then I sucked in my breath, as I exhaled slowly, I went on to tell her," Sex isn't dirty, it's a normal physical desire and..." I couldn't help myself and started to laugh. 

Rosemarie looked at me like I was nuts, as she asked, "What else were you going to say?"

I did my best to stop laughing as I said, "Rosemarie everybody likes sex and its fun." I figured I better not say anymore or I'd get myself into trouble.

That seemed to comfort her, but there was still a slight tremble in her voice, as she said, "Thanks Honey." Then Rosemarie made us breakfast. We didn't say much while we ate. But I could tell that something else was bothering her; that she needed to talk about.

I helped her clear off the table and the stove. Rosemarie went into the pantry to wash the dishes. I picked up the dish towel, off the oven door and followed her into the tiny pantry.

I couldn't help brushing against her. As I moved around behind her my still semi erect penis brushed across her ass. The warmth and softness of her shapely butt against my manhood made it twitch, and my breath got catch in my throat 

Rosemarie jumped with a start, as she felt my cock rubbing across her butt. I just looked at her with a sheepish grin on my face and a chuckle in my voice as I coyly said," it's kind of cozy in here." Then I started drying the dishes. 

Rosemarie had a surprised look on her face, as she seen me drying the dishes and said, "Meat you're really are a special guy, thank you."

As she washed the dishes, the front of her little black dress got soaked. Now I could clearly see her large bumpy areolas and her stiff swollen nipples, through the thin fabric of her wet dress.

I couldn't help myself; I couldn't take my eyes off her tits. Rosemarie caught me staring at them and said angrily," go ahead, I know, that's all you want." 

She was also looking right down at the front of my pants. I had a wicked boner that was making the front of my jeans; stand out like a huge circus tent.

"Huh what, did you say Rosemarie?" I asked,

Rosemarie was trembling with rage as she said loudly, "go ahead feel them, that's all you want from me, is to get in my pants. You think I'm a whore! Don't you? That's all you men want from me is too..." Then she paused for a moment, sucked in her breath and sniffled as said angrily," That's all you men want to do is, Fuck Me!" Then she took my hands and placed over her tits. 

Christ only knows that I wanted to have her softball size boobs in my hands, for so long. 

I just couldn't help myself. I instinctively squeezed her soft squishy natural tits and rubbed my thumbs back and forth across her nipples. 

Rosemarie's sensitive nipples responded instantly and got hard; causing her to gasp for breath, wrap her arms around my neck as she instinctively thrust her hips forward against mine. 

I put my arms around her, kissed the top of her head, as I ran my hands down over her rubbery shapely ass cheeks and pulled her hips forward until they were tightly pressed against my mine. We began humping against each other like a couple of horny teenagers in a dark corner.

Rosemarie buried her face against my chest and burst into tears. Than she suddenly pulled away from me and ran into her bedroom, wailing through her tears," I'm nothing but a fucking whore! Meat all I ever think about is what it would be like to have you... do it, to me!"

I was dumb founded. I stood there for a moment wondering; now what the hell, did I do? I was going to leave; but instead, I turned around and like the big asshole that I am, when I'm around her, and hurried into the bedroom after her. 

She was laying face down on her bed with arms wrapped around a pillow whimpering, I could see her beautiful body convulsing as she sobbed. She had one leg pulled up to the pillow that she was clutching and clinging to. Her other legs was out straight. 

I felt perverted; as I looked down at her laying there, crying her heart out. But I couldn't take my eyes off her. The skirt of her little black dress was bunched up around her waist. 

The back of her lacy black panties had slide into the crack between her butt cheeks and the crotch of her panties was pulled tightly against her vagina. The crotch of her panties was, so wet that I could see the slit in the middle of her plump outer pussy lips.

I could also see the soft fine hairs on the backs of her legs and creamy moist flesh of her inner thighs. I had all I could do to keep from jumping on the bed, and kissing, and licking her ass, and the backs of her thighs. I wanted to, roll her over and eat her pussy so bad...but I didn't.

Instead I went over to her and sat down beside her and said, "Rosemarie, tell me what's going on?" 

She blurted out, "Meat I'm so scared. I don't know what to do. Ralph keeps calling me. He says," I'm his bitch and he's going to pimp me off. I told him not to call me anymore and I hang up on him. But, Meat, he just keeps calling me! " 

I rubbed her back and massaged her shoulders. My Irish temper was soaring, but somehow or other I managed to keep my voice under control as I said in the softest voice I could muster up, "Rosemarie, tell me the whole story!"

She rolled over, sat up, and put her head on shoulder, as she asked. "What do you want to know?" 

"Tell me everything about him, from the beginning." I said. 

Rosemarie said," I met him in a chat room. I felt sorry for him, he said his wife ran off with some black guy and she won't let him see their kids. We chatted for a while, and he asked if we could talk on the phone, I agree, and we discovered that we lived near each other. He asked if we could meet for a drink; I agreed to meet him.

I went to; this cocktail lounge, in a motel, down by the river, to meet him. When I saw him, he didn't look anything like his picture. He was a repulsive; mean looking man, he was much older then he said he was. Ralph had red pot marks on his face, and he was haft bald. He had body odor and bad breath, with yellow rotten looking teeth.

I was going to leave, but he saw me come into the bar. He rushed right over to me and started telling me how happy he was that I came, and how pretty I am and what a beautiful shape I have. 

I didn't know what to do; I wanted to run out of there. I tried to make an excuse to leave. But he insisted that I at least stay and have one drink with him. I reluctantly agreed to have one glass of wine with him. 

He found a table in the corner for us and went to the bar to get us our drinks. Meat, I'm not used to drinking, so it doesn't take much to get me drunk. But I think he put something in my wine.

As I sipped on my wine, I started getting warm and began to feel light headed. Ralph was telling me how happy he was to be with me. Then I felt his filthy hand under my skirt, on my thigh just above my knee. I put my hand over his to take it off my leg.  

Then everything started getting real fuzzy and out of focus. I could feel him sliding his dirty hand further up the inside of my leg. I tried to stop him, but I couldn't. I was getting so dizzy, and confused that nothing seemed real. 

Then I felt his hand was on my vagina. He must have pulled the crotch of my panties to the side, because I felt him pushing his finger going into me. I didn't want him to do that, but I just couldn't stop him.

Nothing seemed real. He voice sounded like he was far, far away. I could hear him saying something, about my cunt, being so freaking tight, that he couldn't wait to get me into the room and fuck the shit out of me.

He was so discussing, I tried to get up and leave. But I couldn't move and the room was spinning around wildly, as I felt him lifting me up. While he was walking me towards the door; He kept telling me how beautiful I am and what a great piece of ass I was going to be, and how much I was going to like the way, he was going fuck me!

The next thing I knew. I was alone and naked on top of a bed; in some dirty motel room. I had a big ugly red hickey on my neck and my pussy and anus were sore. I had dry sperm all over my vagina and the insides of my thighs."

"Holy Shit," I exclaimed, as I interrupted her, and when on to say," The bastard date raped you!" Then I though for a moment and asked," Rosemarie, were you checked for sexually transmitted diseases, and to see if he got you pregnant?"

Rosemarie nodded her head as she answered, "Yes, yes to both, I called Janie and she went to the doctors with me and I was checked for diseases and given the morning after pill. 

The doctor also put me on birth control pills. My test results came back negative, and I got my period on the night we went out! I was so happy I cried all night. I'm really sorry about our date. "

"Please go on, and tell me the rest of what happened?" I asked, 

"Okay, "she said, and started telling me the rest of what happened that night. 

"So I knew that bastard had his way with me. I felt sooo dirty, and used. Then I got angry at myself for being so stupid. I started to cry; as I got dressed, and I cried all the way home. 

As soon as I got home, I called Ralph, but I got his voice mail. So I left him a message telling him that I never wanted to see or hear from him again. 

Oh please believe me Honey; I would never have had sex with him willingly. 

I couldn't stop him."

I nodded my head in agreement with her, and told her to go on, and she did,

"Meat now he keeps calling me, and telling me, that I wanted him to fuck me, and what happened was entirely all my fault. Honey he keeps saying I'm his bitch whore, and that he's going to pimp me off. If I don't do what he says, he'll show my naked pictures to my patents. 

Oh God Meat, I'm so afraid of him meat, what am I going to do?"

When she told me what happened; my Irish temper instantly reached the boiling point, and I could feel the little hairs on the back of my neck stand up.

I kissed her on the forehead as I said with angry tremble in my voice, "don't worry about it Rosemarie, I'll take care of that prick. Give me his phone number." 

She had a worried expression on her face as she said." Please Honey, don't do anything stupid. He might hurt you and I don't want you to get into trouble, because of me."

I repeated sternly, "Just give me his phone number, I'm a big boy, and I can take care of myself." 

She reluctantly gave me his phone number. Then she looked in the mirror over her bureau, when she seen herself, she sighed," Oh My God Honey, look at me, I'm a mess!" 

I couldn't help myself and giggled when I looked at her! She looked like a raccoon, with her eye makeup smeared all around her big red blood shot eyes. 

Rosemarie, said," Meat don't laugh at me; I'm going to wash my face."

End of Part One 

To be continued in part two

Well folks I hope you all enjoying my story so far. Please give me a five stars vote and leave me a little note telling me what you liked about the story or did not like about the story. 

That is besides grammar punctuation and spelling. I stink at that stuff. I just do not understand it! However, I do proof my stories repeatedly trying to fine my many mistakes. I use the tools on my Microsoft Work processor trying to correct