 He took my hand and led me with silent steps towards the bathroom. He dropped my hand as he paused and turned around. He leaned back against the door and smiled at me. I smiled back at him and stepped forwards. He laid his hand on my shoulders and slid them softly down my arms. His fingers sought mine and interlaced. He pulled me towards him and kissed me hotly. I slipped my tongue into his mouth and pressed my body against his, moaning softly into his mouth. I longed to taste him - the sweet nectar of his skin.

His hands broke free of mine and slid the thin straps of my jammys down across my shoulders. I trembled at his light touch and felt my breath catch in my throat. He abruptly broke our kiss and moved his lips to the place where my neck met my shoulder and kissed from my shoulder to my earlobe. He nipped at my earlobe and then whispered 'I want you, Lai.' I tilted back my head and whispered 'I want you too.'

He trailed one fingertip across my collarbone while his eyes locked into mine. He continued trailing his fingertip down my sternum, between my breasts, across my belly button, and along the length of my waistband. His deep eyes penetrated mine and I felt my very soul quake. I wanted to look away but I remained spellbound.

He closed his eyes and tilted his head to the side, leaning forward. His lips met mine and as I felt his tongue invade my mouth his hand slipped underneath my waistband. He expertly parted my cunt lips and drove his index finger deep within me. I gasped against his hot mouth and felt my knees grow weak. He growled low in the back of his throat and I knew I was his. He withdrew his finger, glistening, from my cunt and lifted to his mouth. He parted his lips and put his finger inside, sucking it clean. Then he reached behind him and opened the bathroom door.

The bathtub was enormous and the frothy bubbles spilled forth. The lights were off and candles burned around the perimeter, casting shadows on the tiled walls. I stood barefooted on the white carpeting. He stood before me and removed his shirt and then stepped out of his pants. He told me to lift my arms and as I did so, he pulled off my shirt, revealing my hardened pink nipples. He took one and pinched it between his thumb and his forefinger. 'Turn around.' he said.

I turned and faced the wall. I heard his soft steps behind me. He pulled my jammy bottoms off my body and told me to step out of them. I did so and he put his knee between my legs and spread them further apart. I heard him kneel and he began again to rise as he was kissing the back of my legs, my thighs, and then nipped my ass. I moaned softly and he silenced me. He kissed up the length of my spine. He stood behind me and pressed himself against me. I felt him hard against my ass. Then he stepped back and I felt the sting as his hand met my ass with surprising force. 'Into the bath with you then.' he growled. 

I stepped naked into the water. I felt the steam rise around my and my cunt grow wet in anticipation. I knelt in the water as he stood next to the tub, his hard cock jutting out before him. I licked my red lips and leaned forward, taking the purplish crown into my hot, wet, waiting mouth. I swirled my tongue around the tip and cupped his sac with my free hand. He grunted. I buried his cock in my mouth, taking him all in until my nose was buried in the tangle of hair there. I breathed in his intoxicating scent. He grabbed my hair with one hand and urged me to suck harder. I obliged.

He stepped back and his cock slid out of my mouth with a soft pop. He put his hand on my shoulder and stepped into the water. He laid down and settled back then crooked his finger at me. I crawled on top of him, careful to keep my cunt just barely on the tip of his cock. I met his lips and kissed him deeply. His hands swum through the water and he splayed his fingers across each of my ass cheeks and raised his hips all at once. I moaned as I felt him penetrate me fully. 'Oh yes...' I whispered into his mouth.

He removed his hands from my ass as his hips begin to keep rhythm with mine. His fingers found my nipples and pinched them as his cock thrust in and out of my cunt. I leaned forward and sucked on his neck until I felt a welt rising beneath my tongue. 'Fuck me baby...' he cried out. I intensified my efforts. The water ebbed and flowed around us as his cock mercilessly pounded my cunt over and over again. I screamed out in pleasure as I felt my back arch involuntarily.

I felt his cock slide in and out of my cunt repeatedly as he moaned out my name. I felt myself begin to cum and I screamed out his name as my muscles milked him repeatedly as I crested over the edge. My orgasm was enough to set him off and he kissed me deeply as he exploded in waves deep within me.