 It's pleasant, dim; there are candles and the scent of jasmine hangs in the air. The tub is massive, claw footed. Its brass feet are still, but they seem to move, ever so slightly in the flickering light. I think for a moment that the tub will wrench itself and its fixtures away from where it stands and leave the room. It does not of course, and you bring me to it, and hold my arms as I step over the side. My right foot breaks the surface, through the bubbles that float as clouds, into the warm fragrant water. My left foot follows, and I inhale deeply, enjoying the fragrance.

I kneel. You touch my brows, and I close my eyes. I feel you smooth my hair, twist it, and begin pinning it up, to keep it out of the way. This takes awhile, I have a lot of very thick, wavy hair.

I am always tense. I carry my tension in my shoulders, neck and upper back. You begin with oil at the base of my skull where it is always the worst, and stroke down with your thumbs. You use just the right amount of pressure and move all the tightness from my neck to my shoulders, where you use your entire hands, kneading all of it away. I am beginning to relax… finally.

There are bubbles, but they are not enough. You dip a natural sponge into the water, wetting it, then squeeze some gel onto it. I can feel the coldness of the gel as it touches my back, but it quickly warms and spreads into a warm thick lather. You work it in circles on my back, it is hypnotic, and I feel further lulled, quiet, content to feel only that circling, gentle scrubbing on my upper back.

I feel the lather creeping down in large soft drips, and you spread it further down my back. I move my legs out from beneath me, one at a time and clasp them with my arms, leaning my head down and against my knees.

I feel so cared for at this moment.

You break it finally by pulling me gently by my shoulders back up and you guide me as I recline now against the sloping back of the tub. My knees go under the water, and I push my feet out in front of me. You pick up my right ankle, soap my foot and leg, up to the thigh, and then do the left one. My hands and arms are next. You cannot reach my belly; it is under the water, so you squeeze lather from the sponge onto my chest.

You do not touch me with the sponge here, and use your hands to spread the leather gently to my breasts. My nipples harden almost immediately at this, and a shudder starts through me. I start to ache now as you take my breasts in your hands and slide your fingers in… and to my nipples. You take them between your fingers and thumbs now, begin to pull gently and twist, just a little, very gently. I begin to pant a little and make small noises of enjoyment.

You stop abruptly; sit me up so than I am clasping my legs again and begin pulling pins from my hair. When they are out, you smooth it down, then start the water running. There is a hand held shower attachment and you use this now to wet my hair. I close my eyes and feel the water running over me, down my face; I feel my hair flow out with the water, lengthening and touching my arms. You shut off the water now, and shampoo my head; your hands feel so good in my hair, massaging my scalp. But the ache is there between my legs and it won't go away now. I arch forward a bit, and I can feel my nipples touch my legs, and I move so that I can feel them drag on myself a bit, and wonder if you notice. If you do, you don't say anything.

You start the water again and rinse my hair now, then tell me to stand up. I turn and lean my hands against the wall behind the tub, facing it. You just let the water keep running this time and direct the flow into the tub. You reach around and use the still soapy sponge on my stomach, my hips, then on my ass. I spread a bit further for you, and you use your fingers now, delving further until you touch my asshole, which makes me inhale sharply. I feel so vulnerable now, but you don't take it further, even though I know you want to. You move your attention to the front now, soaping me, sliding your fingers down. You spread me and rub my clit. I arch to you wanting more, moaning.

But now you have the handheld shower head and are letting it rinse the soap from my cheeks, then you bring it around to the front and hold my lips apart, directing the shower right on me. This with the pressure of your hand is almost too much and I want to fuck, right now. I am so excited now I barely notice what you are doing in the background. I just know that somehow the water is off, it is draining away, and you are standing in the tub behind me, drawing yourself close to me, I can feel your mouth on my neck, the tip of your tongue. You have my breast in your left hand while you are rubbing my clit with your right.

I am pushing back against you with my ass. I feel how hard you are between my cheeks. I want you inside me now. You have moved your hands to my hips now, urging me to bend further, and I do… and I feel the first penetration, the first slide of your shaft into me and it’s soo soooooo good. We are in motion now, and with every thrust of you now, I am making noise, soft little groans first, but they get louder. I feel your excitement as you move slowly at first, then faster, and you are making noises too. I don't hear myself anymore, I am only paying attention to the sounds you make, and you sound like you are loving it so much… loving the fuck, as I do.

I am gripping you and squeezing you with my walls, as I know how to do, and I can tell you are responding to this. You are pumping harder, faster. I reach down to rub now because we both want to cum. You are waiting for me; waiting… pumping… nothing exists… I am suspended on you. It hits me then, the heat is flooding through me and I twitch, pulsing… around you, half groaning and half screaming. You feel me go over then, and you are cumming too, filling me.

I feel deep satisfaction then, and I want to laugh because I feel so good. The bath was useless, because we are both soup, sweat beading down us, sticky, disgusting. I want to kiss you now, and run a new tub of water. I want to lie back against you in the water and say nothing and wait until the candles burn all the way out.