 ~~~Please leave me feedback! I hope you enjoy and keep an eye out for the next chapter!~~~

*

Sara ended up dozing for a little while. She woke up to something poking her in the back. She reached behind her and discovered that it was Nate's erection poking her. It felt hot and smooth in her hand. Sara smiled to herself and began to stroke it lightly. She wasn't sure if he was awake or not but he put his arm around her and moved closer to her. She moved her hand and let him grind himself into her ass. She still had her clothes on but Nate had taken his pants off. After a moment Nate pulled away from her and then rolled her over to face him. 

He looked down at Sara and started to stroke his fingers up and down her sides sliding his hand up her shirt. He pulled her shirt up and over her head and tossed it to the floor. He gazed down at her and examined the bra that he bought. It looked much better on her than it had in the display. The bra held her breasts up and the cleavage was round and soft and inviting. He could see her nipples straining against the lacy fabric. He smoothed his hand down the soft skin of her stomach giving her goose bumps all over. He pulled at her skirt forcing her to lift her hips so it could slide down. He unzipped the skirt and pulled it down, over her legs and off. It joined the shirt on the floor. He was sitting up next to her as she lay on the bed. Nate gazed down at her in the lingerie he had picked out. 

Sara almost covered herself when her took her clothes away but forced herself to lay still. 

"How did you know my size?" Sara asked him. He pulled his eyes up her body until he was looking her in the face. 

"I have a good eye," Nate replied. Sara laughed. 

"Do you like your new clothes?" Nate asked quietly. Sara nodded and couldn't stop feeling self conscience. She started to move her hands to cover herself a little but Nate grabbed her hands and held them at her sides. 

"I want to look at you. I didn't get a good look last time at the bar," he said with a wicked grin. Sara blushed and Nate laughed. 

"Red really is your color," he said. Nate stood up on the bed and walked carefully to her feet. He nudged her legs apart and dropped to his knees between them. 

"I don't think I can take much more of that," she said to him. Nate looked up at her but didn't say anything. He unhooked the garters and rolled down the stockings. Nate trailed his fingers along her smooth bare legs. He lifted her hips again and took off the garter belt and then the panties. Nate leaned over her and unhooked the bra, sliding the straps down her arms. 

Sara lay there naked below him unsure of what she should do. She bit her lip and decided to follow her impulses and reached her hands toward him. She unbuttoned his shirt as slowly as he had undressed her. He had taken his pants off earlier and he wasn't wearing underwear so it didn't take her long to get him naked. She ran her nails lightly along his skin as she unbuttoned him and slid the shirt off his shoulders and dropped it to the floor to join her clothes.

Nate watched Sara as she finished undressing him. She seemed to be unsure but trying not to show it and it just turned him on even more. When her hand dropped down to brushed his cock it twitched. Somehow, and he wasn't even sure how, he ended up on his back with Sara over him. She was smiling and he wondered if maybe he had been mistaken about the shyness. He pulled her up to straddle him and his erection was pressed between their bodies. He could feel the heat of her on his cock as she sat astride him and he imagined that she could feel it pulsing against her. She leaned down to kiss him light and he caught her head in his hands to prolong the kiss. She tried to pull away but he changed the angle of the kiss and deepened it. His tongue snaked into her mouth and explored, sliding across hers. He ran his hands up her sides and over her back. He stopped above her waist and avoided brushing too close to her breasts. 

"Please touch me," she begged with a moan. The sound of her voice sent a new surge of blood to his penis and he was sure that he could not possibly get any harder. He couldn't think of any reason not to obey her. Nate flipped them over so she was pinned under him and explored her body.

Sara felt as if she would pop soon if he kept teasing her. His hands were going everywhere but where she wanted them to. His light touches on innocent body parts were exciting her and arousing her. She wanted his hands every where, stroking her. She begged him to touch her and to her surprise he did. Sara ended up on her back under him as his hands roamed where ever they wanted, and everywhere she wanted them to. His hands drifted across her tight nipples, sending electric waves directly to her already wet pussy. Her breasts filled his large hands and her nipples poked at his palms as he cupped them. She could feel his cock pressing against her and she wanted him inside her. His teasing had sent her to the brink and she was about to fall. With one hand Sara reached down and guided him into her. When he understood what she was doing he took over. 

He could feel her nipples poking his palms as he cupped her perfect tits. He was glad she was ready for him because he couldn't have waited much longer. She guided him into her and Nate took over, thrusting into her slowly, filling her, before pulling all the way out. He kept a steady rhythm, increasing the tempo gradually until he was pistoning into her as fast as he could, as hard as he could. Nate gripped her hips, lifting her off the bed to thrust deeper into her. 

Her body moved with his without conscious effort. Sara was moaning and crying out with every thrust. She believed she had lost control of her body and loved every minute of it. 

His movements became more erratic. He could feel her tightening around him and could here her cries of ecstasy and it pushed him over the edge. He pumped into her until he was empty and her body finally stopped shaking. 

She lay under him trying to catch her breath. Her eyes were closed and she couldn't summon the energy to open them. The bed shifted and she could feel the weight of him move to the mattress instead of being on top of her. She could here him breathing and could smell the sex in the air. Their combined juices were slowly leaking down her skin, making her shiver. Sara knew she should go to the bathroom and clean herself up instead of letting the sheets become soiled but she couldn't make herself move. Sara began to doze off again but Nate leaned over her and shook her shoulder. 

"No going to sleep this time. We have lots more to do."

Sara just made a noncommittal noise and he shook her again. 

"I'm serious. You can't sleep yet. Wake up, Sara."

"I don't want to be awake."

"You can sleep later."

"Why can't I sleep now?"

"Because we have things to do."

Sara finally opened her eyes and looked at him.

"We just finished doing things," she said. Nate laughed. 

"I don't mean that. At least not yet. Come downstairs and let's get something to eat while we talk about it."

Sara sat, naked, at the kitchen counter as Nate puttered around. She smiled while she watched him. He was naked too. 

"Aren't you afraid you might catch on something?" she asked. 

"I have this down to a science," he said over his shoulder. Sara laughed. A few minutes later Nate sat a plate down in front of her. It had an omelet and hash browns that were cooked perfectly.

"Wow, you are a wiz in the kitchen," Sara commented as she ate. Nate grinned and shoveled food into his mouth. 

"Sorry my manners aren't the best. I am ravenous after the work out you gave me," he said a moment later. Sara blushed and didn't respond. 

After they were both done eating Nate leaned back in his chair and looked at Sara. "I guess you want to know what I wanted to talk about," he said. 

"It would be nice," Sara replied.

"I want you," Nate stated. Sara looked at him for a second before responding.

"I thought you wanted to talk," she said.

"That's what I want to talk about. I want you. I want what we have been doing and a lot more. What do you think of that?"

"I think I don't know what to say. What do you want?"

"I want it all," he said simply, crossing his arms in front of his chest.

"What the hell does that mean?" Sara said, exasperated.

"It means that I have been watching you for over a month. I saw you in the bar. I liked what I saw. I wanted you and it was the hardest thing I have ever done, waiting that month before approaching you," Nate told her without taking his eyes off her. Sara had no idea what to say but it didn't matter because he went on. "I wasn't even going to do what I did in the bar. I had planned on going up to you and flirting with you and asking you out properly. That night I just stop myself. Nobody has ever affected me that way. I couldn't control it. And after I had you I wanted more. You were so amazing that night. All I want is to get to know you better, have amazing sex with you, and spend my time with you. Is that creepy enough for you?" Sara laughed. 

"That is in fact the creepiest thing anyone has ever said to me. But it's also the nicest thing too. To think I had a stalker and never knew." It was Nate's turn to laugh.

"Stalker is a little strong don't you think?" he asked.

"You followed me around for a month and then fucked me in a bar bathroom. What would you call it?"

"That's it, I think you need to be quiet now," he said with a glint in his eye. Sara thought she knew what that look meant. 

"Well I don't want to be quiet," she teased. Nate didn't say anything, he just looked at her like a lion watches his prey. Then he pounced. Sara was laughing as Nate stopped with his legs on either side of hers and his face inches away. He slowly leaned in, his eyes never leaving hers, until his lips were only a breath away. Sara leaned toward him, but he backed away slightly. Sara laughed and tried again and once again he moved back. So she sat back in her chair and crossed her arms across her naked chest. It was Nate's turn to laugh and then he leaned in and kissed her. It was a quick teasing kiss but it left Sara wanting more. Her nipples were responding to his closeness and she left her hands over them to cover herself. Nate pried her hands away and tugged her out of the chair. 

"I think we should get some rest," he said. Sara looked at him and didn't say anything for a moment. 

"I'm not tired," she said finally. Nate shrugged and let her go, turning to go to the stairs. Sara just watched him walking away and wasn't sure what to do. When Nate reached the stairs he beckoned to her without looking. 

"Are you coming?" he asked.

"Well not right now but if you do it right I might," she replied. Nate turned and looked at her and laughed. 

"Well let's get going then. I have to get up in the morning."

Sara followed him up the stairs and they fell into bed again. Nate did everything right and Sara fell to sleep sated.