 ~~~I know there isn't that much sex in this one but it is important to the story. The next chapter will more than make up for it, I promise. Hope you enjoy, and please vote or leave me feedback.~~~

The next week at work Sara ate lunch with Kim and some of the other girls. She and Kim were becoming fast friends. They talked about their night out and Sara was invited to join them again that weekend. Sara was happy that she was making friends. It had been lonely with nobody to talk to except Marion. She was surprised too that her life seemed to be working out. She had a job she enjoyed and that paid well, she liked her apartment, she had friends, and an amazing lover. Nate had made it clear to her that he wanted her for more than just the weekend. She had ended up spending the whole weekend there, mostly naked. Sara smiled at the thoughts of the things they had done, and she was surprised at how often he could get it up. Kim noticed her mood and wanted to know what had caused it but didn't pry. On Thursday Sara called Marion and told her what had happened.

"YOU WENT HOME WITH HIM!!!!!!" Marion screeched over the phone. Sara held the phone away from her ear and cringed. Marion's voice seemed to get higher every time they talked. 

"Yes, I went home with him. And he didn't kill me so it was a good thing. Besides I was unable to think due to extreme horniness."

"Oh that's a crap excuse," Marion told her in a calmer voice. Sara knew she wasn't really mad at her, just jealous and worried.

"Look, do you want to hear about it or not?" Sara asked.

"I want to hear about it, but that was stupid."

"Shut up or I won't tell you."

"OK. I'm done now. What did you do?"

"Everything."

"Wow, that's descriptive," Marion said sarcastically.

"I'm not done yet. Be quiet. He went shopping and bought me a sexy outfit and then met me at a bar and took me home. He made love to me so many times I lost count. It was outstanding. I have never had such good sex. And he made me food and talked to me and let me sleep and let me play in his tub. He was such a good lover. He made sure I had a good time. And he told me he wanted more than just sex," Sara told her wistfully. Then she paused and said, "The only thing is that I haven't heard from him all week."

"Well there you go. You put out on the first date and he never calls," Marion laughed. 

"That's not funny. If you are so worried about him then do a background check. I have his full name and birthday. I saw his license. Will that make you happy?"

"Yes, actually it will. He didn't give you his number?"

"No. But I didn't ask him for it either. I was in a sexual haze." Marion laughed again and wrote down his name and birthday and decided to do a search on him the next day at work. 

"Speaking of work, I have to get some sleep. We can talk about the details more next time. I'll call you when I have the results. Have a good weekend," Marion said before she hung up. Sara said goodbye and then lay back on her bed wondering why Nate hadn't called. She didn't want to get worked up over it so she took a long shower and turned on a movie to distract her self. 

The next night Sara went out with the girls from work again. Kim walked next to her on the way to the bar. She put her arm through Sara's and decided it was a good time to ask her about her mood lately.

"Why were you in such a good mood this week?" she asked bluntly. Sara looked at her for a second unsure of how to respond.

"What do you mean?"

"Well you were smiling more than usual and just seemed to be more relaxed and generally happier."

"How would you know, you just met me. Maybe I am always like that."

"No you aren't. In fact you have been different for about two weeks. That's why I invited you out with us. Before you just had some sort of vibe coming off you that stopped people from approaching you. There was nothing wrong with you; just nobody knew what to say to you. And then you seemed different. Haven't you noticed more people talking to you? More people are saying hi in the halls or at lunch. You are more approachable. And you have a much better wardrobe lately. You didn't look bad before but you look great now," Kim added that last part almost as an after thought. Sara thought about what she had said while they were walking. She hadn't noticed the increase of attention but now that it was pointed out to her she realized it was true. 

"I guess I am just happy lately. I told you about the guy I met in a bar a few weeks ago right?" Sara asked. When Kim nodded Sara continued, "Well I saw him again last weekend. Maybe he is responsible party." Kim laughed. 

"Well I hope he keeps up the good work."

They arrived at the bar and all of them headed to the counter to order their drinks. Sara felt as if someone was watching her but she shook off the feeling and concentrated on the conversation. As the girls paid for their drinks and found a table in the crowed bar, their conversation turned to sex. 

"When was the last time you got laid?" Danielle asked the group.

"This isn't fair. Nancy is married. She gets it all the time," Mary complained.

"You don't know much about marriage if you think that. I'm lucky to get it more than twice a week," Nancy said in defense.

"Wow, then I do get more sex than you. I got laid last night. And will get some tonight too," Mary laughed.

"Well that's what happens when you have a boyfriend who doesn't live with you but spends the night half the week. Why does he even have an apartment? He keeps all his stuff at yours," Christy said to Mary.

"He likes his own space," Mary said. She paused for a moment and went on, "And I like being able to tell him to go home sometimes." The girls laughed and then Danielle pointed to Kim. 

"Ok, it's your turn," she said.

"I haven't had sex in about a month," Kim said.

"Why not?" Sara and Christy asked together.

"She went through a bad breakup," Mary whispered to them. 

"You don't have to whisper Mary. I know I got dumped," Kim said with a grin. "Honestly, I don't care that much. It was just convenient to keep around for heavy lifting." The girls laughed.

"Hey you can have mine if you want. I'm thinking about moving on. There is a cute guy in payroll that I have my eye on," Danielle said. Kim looked at Sara and raised an eyebrow. Sara's first thought was that she wanted to learn how to do that. Then Kim pointed to her.

"How about you Sara? When did you get laid last?" she asked. Sara grinned at her and cocked her head as if thinking. 

"Hmmm. Well if I remember correctly, it would have been last weekend."

"That doesn't sound like it would make you that happy," Kim said, referring to their earlier conversation. The other girls didn't know what she meant but they eagerly waited for the answer.

"When I said last weekend I meant that it lasted all weekend," Sara said, emphasizing the word all. The girls all laughed and then began drilling her for details. They finished their drinks and ordered a second round before Sara was done describing her fun weekend. At one point she could have sworn that someone was watching her but as she looked around she didn't see anyone. Kim and Mary dragged her to the dance floor and she soon forgot about it. 

"I have to pee," Sara said to Kim while they danced. The music was loud and Kim didn't hear her. She tried again, this time leaning close in to Kim's ear. 

"I have to pee," she said, louder. This time Kim nodded and waved at her to go ahead. Sara made her way through the crowd and into the ladies' room. She did her business and as the toilet flushed the lights went out. 

"Hello?" she called out into the darkness.

"Is someone there? I can't see anything," she said. Nobody answered but Sara could here someone in the room with her. 

"Look I can hear you. Now answer me. Turn on the light," she ordered, getting angry. Still the lights stayed out. Sara unlatched the door and pushed it open to confront the person and find the switch. She hadn't moved from the stall though and a person was suddenly blocking her way.

"Excuse me, get out of my way. This isn't funny," she said to the dark shape. The shape moved forward, forcing her farther into the stall. Sara caught a whiff of cologne and realized who it was. She smiled to herself and wondered what he was going to do.

"Nate, I am here with friends. I can't just disappear on them, they might come looking for me." Nate didn't answer, just moved closer to her. Sara couldn't back up any farther or she would be standing in the toilet. Nate's arms came up and stroked her arms. Goosebumps rose on her skin and she could feel his body pressed against hers. Her body reacted the same way it always did with him and she was instantly wet. She felt him lean closer to her and then felt his breath on her neck. He began to kiss her pulse lightly, then moved lower to kiss her collarbone. Sara had worn a low cut shirt that night and was grateful for it. 

She closed her eyes, even though in the dark it made no difference, and let Nate kiss her until she felt limp. He finally made his way up to her mouth where he picked up the pace. His kisses were hot and furious. His tongue snaked into her mouth to assault hers, his teeth nipping at her lips. Sara brought her hands to his head and fisted her fingers in his hair to hold him in place. Her body cried out for more. After the week with no contact she was on fire.

Nate pulled back from her though she tried to hold him in place. Nate chuckled at her and pulled the edge of her shirt down to expose her bra. It was the bra he had bought for her. He ran his hands over her breasts and flicked his thumbs across the already hard nipples. Sara arched her back for him and silently begged for more. Nate reached into the cups of the bra and lifted her breasts free. Again he played his fingers over the sensitive nipples and they hardened even more. Sara wasn't sure if she could wait much longer for him to take a nipple into his mouth when he did just that. He flicked his tongue across one nipple and over to the other. She tightened her grip on his hair and let out a soft moan. The familiar wetness between her legs was rushing and she was sure there would be a puddle below her soon. 

Just before Sara lost all control and tried to take of his pants, Nate pulled away. Sara let go out of surprise and looked at him in the darkness. It had been long for her eyes to adjust and she could see a little. Nate smiled at her and pulled her to him. She could feel him against her stomach, hard and jutting out as much as his pants would allow. She tried to reach down to feel him but he held her hands up above his waist.

"You are here with friends," he reminded her, repeating what she had said to him at the beginning of this little tryst. "If you don't get back out there they might come looking for you." 

Sara was stunned and couldn't think of what to say. Nate kissed her and whispered in her ear, "Find me before you leave. I'll take you back to my house." 

Sara nodded and he left the room, flicking the lights on as he went. Sara squinted at the sudden light and moved to the mirror to make sure everything was in place. After patting down her hair and washing her hands, she patted her face with a damp paper towel cool herself off. She left the bathroom and made her way back to her friends. 

"Took you long enough," Kim said when she joined them at the table. 

"Sorry," was all she said, trying not to blush.

"Did something go wrong? You have a little in there or something?" Mary asked. Sara just shook her head and downed the drink that was in front of her. A loud song came on and the girls forgot about teasing Sara and they all went to dance. 

An hour and a half, and three more rounds, later, the girls went their separate ways. Sara had looked around the bar for Nate but hadn't been able to spot him. She didn't know whether to go back in and look some more or to just go home. Then someone gripped her arm from behind and spun her around to face him, dipping her backward and kissing her deeply.