 This is a short little addition to my series. Hopefully I will get a better chapter up soon. Hope you enjoy and I love feedback.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sara woke up alone. Nate had left in the middle of the night without a word. She dragged herself out of bed and took a hot shower, getting ready for work. She brushed out her hair and daydreamed about getting it cut short. Ever since meeting Nate she had been more conscious of her appearance and actually enjoyed looking better. She had always been plain but now she was more confident and that was what people noticed. And Sara had discovered the fun of dressing up with sexy lingerie under her plain work clothes. It made her feel sexy all day long even though no one else could see them. Before Sara left for work she took a look at herself in the mirror. Instead of seeing all the negative aspects like she used to, now she could see the positive ones. She had put her hair up and liked the way it looked. She decided to find a salon and get a haircut. One of the girls at work would know a good place.

During lunch Sara asked Kim if she knew a good salon and Kim grinned. 

"My sister owns a salon here in town. What are you looking to get?"

"I want to get a haircut. And I was thinking about maybe a wax."

"Hold on, let me see what I can do for you," Kim said, pulling out her phone.

"I don't need anything right now, just the number," Sara said as Kim was dialing. Kim just shushed her and began talking on the phone. Sara just sat there and listened. When Kim hung up she said, "Well this is your lucky day. My sister has no appointments this afternoon. This is usually her slow day anyway. So I told her that you might be stopping by. She said she would take great care of you."

"Thanks. I'm not used to getting an appointment that fast," Sara said, laughing. They finished lunch and Sara went back to work, waiting for the day to end. The more she thought about the haircut she wanted the slower time seemed to go. Just before it was time to go Sara was daydreaming about her haircut and how it would look with one of the sexy nightgowns that Nate had bought her. She had gotten to the part where Nate was taking the nightgown off of her when she looked at the clock and noticed it was time to clock out. She waved to Kim and set off to the salon.

A few hours later Sara was unlocking her door. She loved her hair and the way it swished across the back of her neck. It was just long enough that she could put it in a small ponytail. Or two small pigtails. She smiled at that thought. She was picturing Nate behind her, holding the pigtails like reins and she tripped over a box in the middle of the living room floor. Sara pulled it to the couch and opened it. She smiled as she pulled out a new bra and panty set. 

"Nate must have stopped by," she said to herself. The bra was forest green with black stitching around the edges. It was a shelf bra and the partial cup came up to just below her nipples, giving her support, but giving free access to anyone wanting a feel. The panties were a matching green g-string with black strings. Sara was slightly surprised that it wasn't crotchless, but there was so little of it that it didn't really matter. Under the lingerie there was a dress. The skirt was black, ankle length, but there was a thigh-high slit on both sides. The top was the same green as the lingerie and had a corseted top. There was also a very long shawl that was black lace. Sara stood up and stripped right there in the living room then pulled on the new clothes. They fit perfectly and she loved the feel of the dress brushing across her bare nipples. The shawl fell long enough to hide the slits in the skirt. She went to her room to look at herself in the mirror. The skirt wasn't very tight and the air moving around as she walked felt wonderful on the skin not covered by the g-string. She was glad she had gotten the wax at the salon. 

Sara heard the front door open and shut and waited. Nate came into the room behind her and put his arms around her. 

"Do you like the dress?" he asked.

"Of course. It's beautiful. But when am I ever going to have some place to wear it?"

"Tonight. I thought we could go to dinner."

Sara looked at him in the mirror. His hands moved across the fabric of the top and he loosened the corset tie just a little so that he could fold down the edge of the dress, exposing her nipples. They were hard nubs from rubbing on the fabric and from Nate's nearness. He lightly cupped her breasts and watched her in the mirror. She could feel him pressed against her ass.

"Dinner sounds fun," Sara said. Nate just nodded and let one hand run down her side to the slit in the skirt. His hand moved inside the skirt and he ran a finger across the edge of the panties.

"Feels smooth," Nate said as he dipped his finger under the fabric. Sara leaned back against him, but he pulled his hand away. 

"Finish getting ready. We don't want to be late," he said and left the room. 

Sara put on some thigh-high stockings and tall, high heeled boots that Nate liked. The boots made her sway as she walked. Nate grinned at her as she came out of the room. As Sara walked past him he ran his hand across her ass.

Their table was a booth in the back of the restaurant. It had high sides around it and there were not many people so Sara and Nate felt like they were almost alone. 

Throughout dinner Nate occasionally "accidently" brushed his hand or arm across Sara's chest, but nothing else. Sara was thinking that he was being oddly well behaved and she wondered what was going on. When dessert came, Nate's hand went to her thigh. After stroking her thigh for a moment, he moved his hand over and slipped it under the skirt through the slit. The skirt was loose enough that he had free access and it was not immediately obvious what he was doing. Nate continued to eat his dessert while his fingers rubbed the fabric of her panties. Sara tried to keep her face from showing what was going on. The waiter stopped by to refill their water glasses and Nate never stopped his fingers. He worked his way under the fabric and began to rub Sara's clit. When the waiter asked how they liked their dessert, Nate answered him as he slipped his fingers lower and into her. The suspense of the evening and the feel of the sexy underwear had made her wet and he slid two fingers in easily. Sara looked down at her plate as he started to work his fingers in and out of her. The waiter moved on to his other tables and Nate curled his fingers inside her, rubbing her g-spot. She was getting wetter with every movement. He pulled his fingers out of her and ran them up over her clit before pulling his hand out from under her skirt. Sara sat still for a moment, fighting between calming down from the edge of orgasm and the frustration that Nate had stopped. She looked at him and watched as he dipped his finger into the topping of his cake. He offered her his finger and Sara smiled and licked the frosting, tasting herself on his finger. He took another swipe at his frosting with his second finger and licked it clean. He raised his hand to signal for the check. 

"Just wait until we get back to my place," he said.