 As we walked into the college Presbyterian Center, Bill headed straight for the recreation room. “Come on,” Bill begged. “Let’s get in a quick game of ping pong.” 

“Okay, I’ll give you another chance at me,” I teased, knowing that our games were never quick. Bill was a much better offensive player than I was, but I could return the most incredible shots. Between his offense and my defense, our games generally lasted quite some time, and provided excellent hand-eye coordination and even aerobic exercise. We were both sophomores in one of the best engineering schools in the country, and had become fast friends during the last semester. 

After I squeaked by on the first game, while he ‘warmed up’ his aggressive shots, he mentioned to me that his roommate was moving out at the end of the semester. “Yeah, Tom’s graduating,” he said. “Are you interested in rooming together?”

My brows arched immediately. “Actually, I’d love to live here.” You see … the Presbyterian Center had three bedrooms. Two rooms shared one bathroom with a long double sink, single toilet, and a double shower stall, while the other bedroom had it’s own bathroom with a home-style sink, toilet, and tub. With two students per room, the center generally had four men and two women rooming there. The six members actively cared for the center and helped run different activities throughout each semester. A minister had an office near the front door and worked during business hours to manage the center’s finances, maintenance, and general schedule of events. It was a great opportunity, but hard to come by. Once someone got into one of the six billets, they usually stayed till graduation.

“Well, I’ll get you an application and we’ll see if we can get you in.” Bill said as he started the next game, trying to catch me off guard.

~ * ~

Two months later, at the start of the next semester, I was moved into the Presbyterian Center. It was a lot more peaceful than the rowdy dorms had been, and I enjoyed the facilities for study and recreation, not to mention getting to know my new friend better, and meeting others. The two girls living there were Susan and Beth, and both were very nice. I mention them here because they both enter into the story at hand.

Susan was a senior and had been living at the center for a while. She was a fun person to talk with, and I enjoyed her insights on the center’s activities, as well as other events at the university. In addition, she was one of those girls I could get very personal with and not feel I was being ‘evaluated.’ It was ok for me to be me.

Beth was a sophomore and, like me, was a new resident of the Presbyterian Center. She was a petite girl at 5’ 3” with small pert breasts that jiggled beneath the skimpy T-shirts she liked to wear. I guess she figured she was small enough she didn’t need a bra. At least, it didn’t seem she wore one. I wondered how the minister would accept her attire, which included a baby blue pair of short shorts that I found myself guilty of staring at on more than one occasion, especially when she sat on the couch to read or study. But the minister never said anything that I know of. All in all, we were a pretty easygoing bunch.

One morning I came back from an early class and headed for my room to drop my things off. As I passed the guys’ bathroom, accessible from a short hallway leading to our two rooms, I saw a handwritten sign on the door that read “Women,” and I heard the shower going. I didn’t have a need at the moment, but I put my things in my room and made my way to the minister’s office. He explained that the girl’s bathroom was having plumbing problems and should be fixed later in the day. We had public restrooms downstairs, so it certainly wasn’t a problem while Susan took a shower. 

After a little study in the upstairs study room, I got up to relieve myself and headed for the stairs. Before I got there, however, I saw Susan walking out of the residence area, dressed and hosting a towel wrapped around her damp hair as she headed for the minister’s office. We exchanged greetings and I made my way to the regular bathroom instead of going downstairs. It still had the “Women” sign on it, and I figured Susan forgot to remove it. There was no sound inside, so I walked on in. 

The door opened outward and automatically shut. I was two steps into the bathroom before I froze as the sound of the toilet flushing reached my ears and Beth’s totally nude body turned toward me. The door shut behind me and Beth froze as well, facing me with only 4 feet between us. My jaw dropped as I gasped, and both of her hands went straight for her breasts. They were scrumptious breasts, but the soft mound of blond pubic hair framed by her hourglass hips seemed a more tantalizing sight to me. Yet they remained uncovered and my eyes were glued to that inviting apex. 

“Slow down,” I heard her say. And I realized I was beginning to hyperventilate. I looked up to her and opened my mouth to explain, “I’ve … got to go.” She lowered her hands and took three steps into the shower, closing the curtain behind her. I reached the toilet in two strides and whipped out my penis to urinate. I guess I didn’t realize how bad I had to go until I got there. A deep sigh escaped my lips as release melted into ecstasy, but I was also semi hard at the sight of a nude woman, and I had to work a little to get the last vestiges of urine squeezed out of my shaft. 

As the final drops escaped my shrinking cock, I quickly relaxed facing the toilet. All was quiet … even the shower. I looked to the shower curtain, and found Beth’s head emerged and watching my profile. Now it was my turn for self-consciousness. My cock reversed the shrinking process against my will and began to pump up before her very eyes. 

I stood up straight, and let my hands dangle to the side, leaving my member fully exposed. It was only fair, was it not? We were even. She could take her shower, and I would leave the bathroom to her privacy, both of us having experienced a short thrill. But she didn’t pull her head back. Instead she pulled the curtain aside and stepped back into the open with one arm covering both breasts. I turned from my profile to face her directly. Our eyes met, and her arm relaxed to her side like the other. I could feel blood pumping through my organ, as it stood rigid, pointing directly at her.

Neither of us uttered a sound, as we stood frozen. It was as if we needed someone to tell us what to do. Each refused to budge, unable to advance or depart. Suddenly we heard Susan’s voice outside the door. I bolted for the shower, brushing past Beth as she recovered her breasts with her hands and answered in a slightly shaky voice, “I’m just getting started.” 

Susan pulled the door into the hall and poked her head in while Beth turned to step in the shower. “Just making sure we still needed the sign. How long do you need?” Susan asked. 

“Oh, my body really aches. I’d like to take a nice long hot shower,” Beth responded.

“I don’t blame you. They have the better shower anyway. Shouldn’t be a problem,” Susan said as she looked around. “Boy, I wish we had as much room in our bathroom.”

“Yeah,” Beth giggled as she turned on the showerhead in the stall opposite my hiding place. She yelled to Susan above the sound of the shower, “We could really spread out in here.” 

From my vantage point, Beth’s small breast was visible while her arm reached in to turn on the shower. Then she disappeared beyond the shower curtain as I waited, breathless. I heard the door close and the sound of its lock before Beth came back to test the water with her hands and step into the area between the two stalls, just inches from my clothed body. She faced me and we regained eye contact immediately. 

A grin played on her lips and I felt her hands lift my polo shirt from its base. I raised my arms and let her pull the shirt completely off. She tossed it just outside the half-closed shower curtain. My member was still sticking straight out past my briefs and unzipped jeans, and she brushed it with her tummy as she unbuttoned my jeans and let them fall to the floor. She then pulled my briefs away from my body to force my erection through the hole so she could push the briefs down. This turned out to be more difficult than she thought, and I reached behind the elastic to press my member down so she could pull the briefs past it. I stepped out of the pants and briefs, which were getting wet from the water running along the floor from the other side. She picked them up and tossed them outside the double stall as well.

Again we faced one another, now both totally naked, and only a few inches apart. I raised my fingers to her soft mounds and delicately fingered her pointed nipples. She looked up at me with longing in her eyes as she grabbed my shaft, wrapping her fingers around it and squeezing. 

After a moment of toying with one another, Beth took my hands and moved them to her hips. She placed her hands on my shoulders, and then jumped up, wrapping her legs around my torso, and her arms around my neck. She brushed past my hard shaft, and almost pinned it between us, but it managed to spring back into its natural hardened position. I was quite surprised, but I instinctively wrapped my arms around her lower back, already wet from the flowing shower behind her as steam filled the stalls. As she situated herself above my member, I brought my hands under her sweet butt for more stability. Her pliable cheeks felt wonderful beneath my fingers. Her nipples dug into my chest, and we were face to face like never before.

She planted a kiss on my lips and I felt her tongue immediately begin an exploration of my mouth. The bulbous head of my shaft brushed the crack in her rear, and my hands pulled her lower cheeks apart. She kissed me furiously as I maneuvered her lower body outward enough to position my shaft below her natural entrance. I was concerned about her readiness until I felt how hot and swollen her folds were as my shaft began to work its way in. I felt wetness, but figured that could be from the shower. Nevertheless, there seemed to be lubrication between us as I gradually entered her womb with relative ease. She was tight, oh so tight around my shaft, but continued inexorably moving down on me like the flow of lava down the side of a volcano.

I was gasping for breath as she kept my mouth occupied with her own. Her passion was that of a freight train through a tunnel. There was no stopping her as she lifted herself on my hips and dropped down further, totally encompassing my manhood. “I’m so full,” she gasped. I was unsteady and hit the wall hard with my shoulder. The noise scared us both, and we were afraid someone could hear us from outside the bathroom. 

For a moment we hesitated while my member throbbed within her sheath. We waited and listened. Soon there was a loud knock on the door, and Susan calling, “Are you alright Beth!”

I stepped toward center between the two stalls as we heard the latch on the door with Susan’s attempt to open it. Beth yelled back over the top of the shower curtain. “I’m fine! Just dropped the shampoo bottle!”

“Oh, ok!” Susan yelled back.

Beth was giggling as I continued forward until the shower was spraying us mercilessly. She clamped her mouth on mine again and started pumping up and down on my shaft. Her small size seemed to work in her favor as she used her arms on my shoulders and legs on my hips to achieve a rapid vertical piston movement, impaling herself at will. I leaned back and met her rhythm by lifting with my hands and moving my hip as much as I could. 

As I felt my balls tighten, I started to tell her, “I’m …” but she threw her head back and clamped down hard, squeezing my member within. I haphazardly leaned into her chest and grabbed a nipple in my mouth even as I shot my first load. But my natural climactic reaction was to lean back as well and I ended up pulling her nipple with my teeth. She screamed as I let go and concentrated on the remaining spurts of seed within her womb. Suddenly we were panting, listening, waiting again for the consequence of our explosive noise. With a loud knock on the door, I stopped breathing just so I could hear. 

“Beth! What’s going on in there?” Susan yelled.

“Are you OK?” the minister’s voice was clearly distinguishable.

“There’s a roach in here!” Beth screamed as the door latch was jiggled again. Silence followed as I hugged Beth’s body close to my chest. “It went down the drain,” she hollered once more. That seemed to do the trick. There was no response at all and we hoped they left. But even as my cock receded, my heart began to pound against my chest with the fear of being discovered. 

Beth’s legs finally relaxed and dangled in front of me. I let her down easy until she got her footing. Before I could let go, she wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling me down to her, and giving me a nice long hug. Then she kissed me all over my face. I was beginning to think she was ready for another round. 

I took the bar of soap off the built-in shelf and lathered it in my hands. She eyed me curiously as I knelt down and began washing her feet, working the lather between her toes and around one lifted foot at a time as she held my head. As I rubbed and scrubbed my way up her ankles, to her calves, around her knees, and up her thighs, she began to moan. I made sure there was lots of lathered soap rubbed all over her legs, her pubic area, her buttocks, and her torso as I continued my journey upward. 

The nipples of her pert breasts remained hard as I ran my soapy hands around them more than necessary for a good cleaning. I kissed her fingers and began soaping her hands, arms, and shoulders. As I messaged the soap around her neck, I graduated to her ears and paid delicate attention to each crevice. When I finished, she handed me a bottle of shampoo, and I lathered her long hair. It felt wonderful to run my fingers through her slick hair and along her scalp. I decided her pubic hair needed the same attention, but I soon found myself fondling her erect clit. 

Beth gradually moved under the full force of the shower and began rinsing off. I stuck to her like a hungry puppy sucking his mother’s tit, and was soon sitting between her legs with my tongue rolling between her folds and around her sweet jewel. As hot water continuously poured down her body and over my head, I concentrated on jabbing my tongue in and out of her sweet cunt, still dripping a little of my cum in combination with her fresh juices. My hands steadied her ass as she stood with her legs spread wide. I felt her body start to tremble, pursed my lips around her clit and hung on as she shook within my grasp. She moaned and whimpered, but stifled the scream that surely would have brought another volley of concern to the door.

I’m certain Beth would have fallen had I not held her up. When her shaking subsided, I relaxed my hold, but kept her steady. Slowly I gave responsibility for her balance back to her legs. I stood up before her, reached around, and turned off the shower. The ensuing hug was gentle but firm. What began as fast and furious was now tame. With lust satisfied, and no longer playing a part, we just held on to one another. It was one of the sweetest moments in my life, and the secret bond of a very special relationship I could never put into words.

~ end ~

I’ve heard that a ‘goose’ in the shower is good clean fun, but it can’t compare to what Beth and I shared. I hoped you enjoyed our special encounter. It was a once in a lifetime experience. Feel free to vote as you feel best. Positive feedback is appreciated. Thank you.