 Stepping out of my clothes, I release my hair from its confines. Sighing contently as I shake the soreness from my head. Turning the taps on to emit a steaming spray…I step into the shower. I slowly begin to lather up my hair. Washing and rinsing it carefully, letting my mind wander. Thinking about how much fun we've had together. Thinking that we've been great together…not just sexually…we are compatible in most every way. 

Smiling contently, I reach for the body puff and body wash. The scent of vanilla wafts through out the bathroom. The soft scent soothes the stress of the day away. Stepping out of the shower, I reach for two large, fluffy towels. I wrap the first one around my head to keep my hair from dripping…I towel myself off quickly for the air feels slightly chilly due to the temperature difference from the shower. Pulling on one of your over sized t-shirts; I hop upon the counter and begin to towel dry my hair. Dropping the towel on the counter beside me, I reach for my hairbrush. I begin to make slow, steady strokes through my damp and tangled hair. I sit and do this mindless task while my eyes stare off, out the window. I'm not paying attention as I feel the hairbrush removed from my hands. I feel the same steady strokes running though my hair. Being brought out of my reverie by a soft kiss placed upon my neck. 

I smile and look up into your eyes. I stretch my back and crane my neck up so that my lips were touching the base of your neck. I pull you in close to me with my hands; I wrap my legs around you …pulling you oh so close. I smell your intoxicating scent of you…drinking it in. I nuzzle into your neck, feeling so content as you stroke my back. I feel my body's response to the closeness of you. Moaning softly, I wiggle on the counter trying to get closer and closer. I can feel the intense heat of your body through both of our t-shirts. 

When you take a step closer towards me, I murmur "Baby, I want you so badly. I want you here, NOW!"

I smile at the slight shock that washes over your face.

"Baby, I cannot help it…you're so warm. You smell so good and you drive me wild with desire!"

You can sense the urgency in my voice and the burning desire in my eyes. You move in closer pressing yourself against the warm moist heat of me. Gasping in surprise, I kiss you passionately. Swirling my hot tongue softy with yours. Engaging in mock lovemaking. Moaning deeply in my throat, I reach down and tug your t-shirt up over your body and toss it onto the floor. I slide my hands down your chest and around to your back…lightly tracing my nails over your skin. I smile as it makes you shiver. I feel my head reel as we kiss. I've lost all sense of time and place. The passion mounting between us, the sexual tension crackling in the air, waiting to be released in orgasmic bliss is all that I am aware of. I feel your fingers trace the outline of my erect nipples though the thin fabric of the t-shirt. I gasp as you pinch one slightly. I bite my lower lip as you trace a path with your mouth down my neck, through the fabric of the t-shirt, down to a throbbing nipple. I gasp in pure delight as you take it into your mouth through the fabric. I let my head fall back as your other hand teases the other nipple. I try as I might to control the orgasm that slowly washes over me. I moan deeply in my throat and pull your head closer to me…my body flushes with every wave of pleasure that washes over me. I hear you chuckle softly and hear you whisper, "This only the beginning." I can only blush at what is to come. 

Sighing contently, I begin to float back down to the soft kisses raining down upon my face. I pull you to me for a close hug and wrap my legs back around you, pulling you as close as the counter will allow. I nuzzle your neck and gently bite you there as the fire of desire overtakes me again. I reach down to discover you've already removed the rest of your clothing. Through my fog filled brain, I didn't even notice…moving my hands back up, I pull your head closer to mine. I part my lips with my tongue only to lick the outline of yours before kissing you deeply. I begin to trace my hands down the contours of your chest…lightly tangling my fingers in your chest hair…down to your tummy and even lower. I smile when you gasp as I take you into my hands. I laugh softly at the growl that escapes your throat…the sound empowers me to become bolder. I begin to stroke you softly at first and then firmer as I become surer of myself. Hearing you moan and gasp makes my blood run hotter. As I stroke you, I lean in and kiss you, our tongues playfully battling. I gasp in surprise as you place your hands over mine…ceasing my assault on you. 

You growl softly in my ear, "It's not time for me to cum…it's your turn."

I open my mouth to say that I had already, but before I can say a word, I am silenced with a kiss. A kiss that is so passionate, so full of fire that melts my resolve and stops any protest that I may have. You grin devilishly as you pin my arms behind me, holding them in place with one of yours. With a puzzled look in my eyes, I look up at you. I see the mischievous twinkle in your eyes; I know you're up to something rather impish. I bite my lower lip when your lips descend upon mine. 

Feeling the passion well up deep inside of me, I sigh contently as I allow the sensations to over take me. Your free hand tangles in my hair, pulling my lips closer, my tongue deeper and my breath quicker. With our lips locked in a passionate tangle, your hand slowly descends down my body. Taking your time to caress a flushed, cheek, a heaving breast and a quivering thigh. Stepping in closer, you part my legs even farther…causing the hem of my t-shirt to rise…dropping your hand down to my knee, you slowly slide your hand up my smoothly shaven thigh up even further just stopping before reaching the hot tender flesh that holds the key to my pleasure. Breaking our kiss to look upon my upturned face. Through partially lowered lashes, I see the fire smoldering in your eyes. Freeing my hands, you pull me closer to you, towards the edge of the counter…catching me off guard; I grasp your shoulders for support. Smiling slightly at my vulnerable moment, you take full advantage of it. Tangling a hand in my damp hair you descend upon my lips, kissing me so deeply, so passionately, almost as if you have this uncontrollable hunger for me. Breaking the kiss you leave me panting for more.

"Close your eyes, Baby. No peeking."

I wrinkle up my brow but do as I am instructed. Closing my eyes forces me to rely on my other senses. Feeling your heat leave me, I reach out only to find you gone. I let out a puzzled sound only to feel your hands running up my calves. Jumping slightly in surprise and I am reminded gently to keep my eyes closed. My breath comes out in shallow bursts. I feel your hands sliding over my thighs and even closer to my most wanton part. Gasping in shear delight, I feel you brush against me. Moaning deeply as you rub me counter clockwise, up and down and finally clockwise. I reach out to pull you closer and find you still beyond my reach. Parting my lips I murmur, "Baby…I want…"

I hear your throaty reply, "Yes?"

Blushing bright red, I hear you speak again. "What do you want?"

Biting my lower lip, I reply, "You're going to make me say it, aren't you?"

"Hearing what you want makes me excited."

Biting my tongue…still keeping my eyes closed, I release my tongue and say, "Baby…I want…you to…taste me…to make me…cum with that magical mouth of yours."

I continue to blush, but I hear you groan deep inside of your throat. Feeling your hands upon mine, I open my eyes. I see you looking up at me with such love in your eyes. You growl at me softly to close my eyes and not to move an inch. I hear you leave the room and then return a few minutes later. I feel your soft warm lips against mine. I give into the gentle pressure of your lips and tongue. 

You break the kiss to whisper softly in my ear, "Do you trust me?"

Nodding my head, I whisper, "Always."

"Then lean back."

To my surprise and delight, I found that you had brought me a pillow and placed it behind me.

"No peeking." I hear you whisper it again to me. With my curiosity piqued, you kiss my foot, nibble and lick your way up my calf and gently scrape your five o'clock shadow across my inner thigh. You cause such exquisite pleasure of every inch of my skin that is softly scraped by your stubble. Just when I think that I cannot take the torture any longer I feel a warm breath against my most secret part…gasping I reach down to tangle my fingers in your hair. 

Against my will, my eyes fly open at the searing contact of your mouth, lips and tongue upon me. I didn't think that you could make me hotter, yet it seemed as though I caught fire as you gently explored me with a gentle tongue. With each lick, each nibble, each breath you breathe upon me, I feel myself being pushed towards the brink. With my fingers tangled in your hair, I urge you closer, wanting you to taste me fully. I feel myself reaching the point of no return and then you stop. Letting out a frustrated plea, I feel you mouth leave me. Leaving me so close without any relief. 

I hear you chuckle and whisper, "Your torment will be over shortly. Now close your eyes again, Baby. I'm not done with pleasing you."

Closing my eyes again, I let my mind drift into a pleasurable state. I breathe deeply and soothe the savage beast inside of me that is dying to break out and attack. I feel your breath against my inner thigh and then the coolness of your mouth against me. I murmur a curious sound as I feel you lick me. And then I realize that you have something cool in your mouth. Gasping out loud, I feel the ice cube against me. Cooling me down to a shocked state of being. 

Feeling you lift your head and lowering it back down to me, I gasp again at the searing contact of your lips and tongue against me. I knew then that you had something warm in your mouth. You chuckle softly at my jumping and squirming on the counter. 

Reaching down, I pull you to your feet and whisper in your ear, "I cannot stand it any longer. I want you inside of me. I want you to be inside of me when we cum. I don't want to leave you behind."

"Are you sure? I want to make you completely happy."

"Yes, baby, I'm sure. I want us together when we reach complete and utter bliss."

With the words barely out of my mouth when you hold me close as you slowly enter me. I open my eyes wide and bite my lower lip. Feeling you fill me completely is what I was craving. Looking deep in your eyes, I wrap my arms around you, pulling you closer to me and kissing you with all the passion that has filled my body. Hooking my legs around you, pulling you deeper inside of me, I moan loudly in your ear. 

"Baby, I cannot please the both of us if you just hold me in tight. Ahh…that's it." You say as I loosen my legs from around you.

You stand back up and unhook my right leg from around you and placing it between us, against your chest. I moan loudly as you thrust deeper inside of me. Seeing and hearing the pleasure slowly boiling inside of me, you start to slowly thrust. You make sure that each thrust is as deep as you can go before you pick up the pace. With each thrust you push me closer and closer to the point of no return. I open my eyes wide as I feel the small ripples of my orgasm starting to overtake me. You notice my reaction, lean up over me, dropping my leg and thrusting deeper and faster. Pushing me into the whirlwind orgasm that over takes me. I catch sight of your face, sweating, twisting into a face full of pleasure as your orgasm over takes you. I push myself up from the counter and give you a passionate kiss. Floating back down to the counter and ever so slowly back down into my body, I smile at your innocent face. Purring softly, I whisper, "Next time, I get to brush YOUR hair."