 Steve and I walked to the bathroom, naked, hand in hand, going into the bathroom we locked the door behind us. My candles were still alight in the room and it smelt of a mixture of lavender and mint. The room seemed very romantic.

I turned on the shower, getting the water just right, not too hot and not too cold. I stepped into the shower, Steve following, standing so close behind me, I could feel his huge cock resting against my arse. I knew that he was getting hard again already.

I turned around to face him, looking into those gorgeous eyes for a few minutes, taking his cock in my hand and simply holding it, letting the luke-warm water flow over it. I could feel it getting bigger and harder in my hand, loving the feeling of him growing at my touch.

I knelt in front of him and took his now rock hard cock to my lips, my tongue flicking over the tip, tasting his pre cum once again. Running my tongue up and down his whole length, tasting every inch of this big cock in front of my face. His hips thrusting forward, trying to fuck my face, I took the tip into my mouth and started to suck him gently. With a thrust he pushed his whole cock deep into my throat, taking me by surprise, but I managed to keep sucking and licking this delicious large cock.

Steve took my hand and very gently pulled me to my feet in front of him, turning me around so that I was standing facing away from him. He pulled me tight to him and held me in his arms for a few minutes, then he’s large tanned hands were cupping my large round, pale breasts. The contrast in colour was really sexy. One hand stayed there, pulling and twisting my nipples the other hand slid down between my legs, two long fingers sliding quickly in and out of my wet pussy as I moaned softly. It felt amazing and I could feel the beginnings of another orgasm growing inside my body. He slid another finger into me, filling my pussy. His other hand left my tits and slid down to my arse, squeezing and stroking gently, I could feel his little finger tracing its way around my arse then, something I wasn’t expecting, he very gently eased his little finger into my arse. It felt amazing and as he fingered my arse and pussy at the same time I came hard, moaning so loudly as I did, his fingers getting covered in my juices.

Pulling his fingers out of me his hands moved quickly to my hips. He told me to spread my legs and lean forward a little, which I did. I could feel him placing his large, rock hard, throbbing cock between my legs, placing it at the entrance of my dripping wet pussy. He began to very gently slide the end in, I gasped as it entered me, my pussy felt so full and this was only the tip inside me. He kept it there still for a moment allowing my pussy to get used to the feeling, then he pushed it in further, about half way in. My pussy was so wet that it slid in easily, then very gently he pushed in the rest all nine inches of his hot throbbing cock was inside my pussy now.

I clenched my pussy around his cock tightly and he let out a long moan, he started to very slowly slide his cock in and out of my pussy now, pulling it almost all the way out and then very gently all the way back in. we were both breathing so heavily and moaning loudly. Then he pulled all the way out and with one thrust pushed his whole length all the way back into my pussy, making me gasp, with pleasure and surprise.

He started to move in and out of me faster now, as I pushed back against him, his hand slid round to the front of me and he gently played with my hard clit, his fingers tickling and gently rubbing it, teasing it. His speed increased with every thrust my pussy now stretched wide open took his length easily. Squeezing my muscles tight around him every now and then, each time he let out a long moan. I reached behind me and gently pulled and massaged his balls, feeling them tighten in my hand. 

Suddenly I felt him shoot his hot sticky cum explode deep inside my pussy as he kept thrusting in and out fast and hard, yet another orgasm washing over me, my body shaking, my pussy spasming around his cock, milking it of his cum. He kept his cock inside me for a few minutes longer, then he pulled out of me, leaving his hot cum inside me.

We washed each other off then got out of the shower, walking to my room again both wrapped in big fluffy towels. Drying each other off, then we laid on my bed naked cuddling together until we both fell asleep.