 Started out another chilly spring morning. I was home alone and had nothing to do. I decided a long hot bath was in order. I went to the bathroom and turned on the faucets to get just the right temperature. I add a little bubble bath and wait for the tub to fill up.

When the water is ready I take off my robe. I did not have on anything underneath. I stand in front of the mirror admiring my 5'5 frame. I take my hand and slide it across my milky white 38dd breasts. My nipples harden. I then slide my hand down to my shaven pussy. I slowly start rubbing my swollen clit. I am getting pretty wet by this point as the juices run down my thigh.

I then decided to take my play to the tub. I slowly sink my electrified body into the hot steaming water. The warm water on my naked pussy feels heavenly. I slowly glide my hand to my clit again. I start rubbing my swollen love button. The combination of the warm water and my fingers is making me so hot.

I then take my other hand and insert first one finger then a second finger. I start going faster and faster while I am rubbing my clit. The sensations running through my body are making me close to cumming. 

I do not realize that you are watching me. Your hard cock in your hand, stroking it. Watching me pleasure myself. It turns you on in ways you never imagined before. Part of you wants me to notice you. The need to fuck me is so great now. But by being silent you are getting harder and harder. You can not believe at how much this turns you on. You are stroking you cock so fast now and it feels so good that you let out a moan. 

I hear a noise. I look to my right and I see you looking at me. You have your very hard cock in your hand stroking it while watching me. When you notice that I see you, you stop stroking your seven and half inch cock and come over to me. I take your cock in my mouth. Savoring the taste. Making sure that it hits the back of my throat. I start licking the head and down the sides. Faster and then slower again. Your hand is on the back of my head to keep me in place. You are on the brink of cumming. I hear you moaning in pleasure as you feel my hot breath on your swollen cock. You look at me with a possesed look on your face. I look up at you and smile with that half smile you love so much. I stop sucking on that delicious cock of yours. You are about to protest, but you see what I am about to do. 

I step out of the steaming hot water and lean over the sink. I look back at you and say, "Fuck me. Fuck me now .Fuck me hard" You don't wait for another invitation You put your hands on my hips and plunge your cock deep inside me. Slowly gliding in and out. I beg you to fuck me harder. And you oblige. You start fucking me so hard that I am having to hold on the sink to keep from moving. I am screaming in pleasure as that rock hard cock plunges deep into my dripping wet pussy.

You start getting faster and faster. Plunging into me as hard as you can. I am moaning now. Moaning so loud we are sure the neighbors can hear. I can feel your body tensing up. I know that you are about to cum. You are fucking me so hard now. I am getting so close. Every part of my body is tingling with sensations. I start screaming again in utter pleasure. My release stronger than it has ever been, I am clutching the sink as my body spasms. You are still fucking me with wild abandon. I can feel another orgasm about to hit me. Faster and faster you plunge into me. And at the same time, I feel your balls contract. And you moan. Spilling your seed deep inside me. My body starts trembling again as I cum again. You are holding on to me tight and you spill the last of your cum inside me.

We just stand there for a few minutes trying to catch our breath .I turn around and we look into each others eyes and smile. You kiss me deeply, passionately . We then look at each other with a big satisfied smile on our face. And I know that this will be something that we arrange often.