 Kara was looking down, trying to dig her credit card out of her purse, so she didn't notice how close she was until she ran straight into... Batman. 

"Oh, shit!" she said, giggling. "I'm sorry! I'd say I didn't see you, but you're about as big as a house... I wasn't looking where I was going." 

"I don't think I'm as big as a house..." Mike said, chuckling, turning around to see his assailant. 

His eyes widened as he took in the gorgeous woman standing behind him. 

"Nice to meet you, Wonder Woman."

Kara laughed. Mike shook his head -- he knew that deep, throaty sound... he looked closer at her face. 

"Kara?" he asked. 

"Mike?" she replied. They both laughed.

""I, er, didn't recognize you with black hair!" he said, staring intently at her. 

She giggled. "Isn't that kind of the point of a costume? To look like someone else? I didn't know that was you behind your mask... and cape... and tight black suit." 

"You make a damn fine Wonder Woman," he said, appreciatively. "That costume fits you like a glove! And that's a great wig. But, I think I like your real hair better." 

She laughed, and playfully slapped his arm. "Well, I couldn't run around with red hair. That's not Wonder Woman! What are you doing here, anyway? I thought you were headed to the conference in California?"

He shrugged. "Boss changed her mind at the last minute and sent Kevin. So I figured, what the hell? I'm going to find some fun." 

She looked at him quizzically. "And you thought showing up to the bar as the Caped Crusader sounded fun?"

He smiled. "Well, you never know who you'll run into at a Halloween party. Or, should I say, who will run into you?"

"Sorry. I wasn't paying attention. I'm glad it was you, though, and not some wierdo, thinking I was hitting on him."

His voice dropped into his best Batman imitation. "Kara, I AM weird. And, I DO think you're hitting on me."

They were all weird. They worked for a tech company. Weird was a pre-requisite for getting hired. But Mike was the hottest IT guy she'd ever seen... 

She had casually flirted with him at the office, and he had reciprocated, but very rarely instigated conversation. She wasn't sure he actually liked her, so she didn't pursue him. 

She was supposed to meet some girlfriends, but she hadn't seen any in the two minutes she'd been here... she supposed she should look around for them some more, but being this close to him was too enticing. Normally, she would have made up an excuse to leave, so she wouldn't be embarrassed. What if he wasn't interested in her? Maybe he was just a nice guy, and didn't want her to feel dorky when she awkwardly flirted with him? But there was something about being in a costume that just released her inhibitions... like whatever actions happened weren't really her fault. 

"So, isn't this lasso supposed to make you tell the truth?" Mike asked, slowly pulling the golden rope so that her hips inched closer to his. 

"Yes, in fact, it is." She replied tartly. 

"Good," he said, unfastening it from her hip, "then I'm going to find out how you really feel about me." 

"Aww, come on, Mike. That's probably not such a good idea... I see you all the time at work! What if you don't like what I have to say?"

He grabbed her hands and began binding her wrists together, while he said, "First of all, I don't know who Mike is. Most people call me Batman, but gorgeous women may call me Bruce. Second, I don't see you 'all the time' -- it probably just feels that way because you're so tuned into my whereabouts."

She snorted. 'Yeah, you WISH," she mumbled -- embarrassed by the truth. 

He continued. "The Hall of Justice is huge and I'm usually at the Bat Cave. Third, I'm pretty sure I already know the answers to the questions I'm about to ask, I just want confirmation from your truth lasso." 

Outwardly she rolled her eyes at him. Inwardly, she was grinning from ear to ear. Obviously he had the same feeling of freedom in a costume, and she loved that he was taking control of the situation. She was a little nervous with her hands tied together, but they were in a public place -- how bad could it be? 

"Well, Bruce, I suppose you can call me Diana. And now that you have me all trussed up, and unable to lie, what do you want to know?"

He smiled slowly at her. "This is a little too public. I don't want any of the other Super Heroes to hear. Come with me." And with that, he turned around and walked towards the back. And with a tug of the rope, she followed dutifully behind. Too bad his cape was long -- it was a great costume, but the black draped fabric hid his nicely-shaped ass. She watched him walk around their work all the time, and she was a little disappointed by her blocked view tonight. 

There were a few deserted pinball machines in the back corner of the bar, and behind one of them was a stairway. There was a door blocking them from actually going upstairs, presumably to some sort of office, but the banister and rails were exposed. He pulled her hands above her head and quickly tied them above her, lashing her to the banister. 

"Mike..." she started. 

"Bruce," he corrected her. 

"Bruuuuce," she said a little sarcastically, "this seems a little extreme." 

"Good, " he replied. "Because I am extremely serious about this. Now, first question. Do you check out my ass when I walk away from you at the Hall of Justice?"

She giggled nervously. "I, um, well, since I can't lie, then... yes." 

"Good," he said, looking her straight in the eyes. "Because I check yours out, too." 

"Second question," he continued. "When you knew it was me you ran into tonight, were you more surprised or excited?"

She sighed. Shit, he was really not pulling any punches. Of course, she could lie, not like the cheap gold rope was really a truth lasso, but it was fun, and exciting, to just tell him exactly how she felt. 

"I was excited. First, I had a feeling that Kevin, um, Kevlar, was going to be sent to, err... Atlantis. So I wasn't really all that surprised to know you didn't go to the, um... " She was having a hard time sticking to their superhero scenario. "To the Super Summit. And second..." She couldn't help but smile. "Yes, I'm excited to see you. Outside of work." 

He smiled back. God, his dimples were so adorable, even under the mask. 

"I was excited to see you, too. When I decided to come out tonight, I was hoping I'd run into you." 

"Really, Bruce? Is this what you imagined? Me, tied to a banister, in the back of a bar?"

He chuckled. "Not exactly. I would have expected you'd be more of a Cat Woman than Wonder Woman, but I'm not complaining. And what I imagined... what I hoped for, was for this..." and with that he leaned down and kissed her. Once. Twice. They both sighed when he stopped. 

"That's a pretty mild imagination you have there" she teased. 

"Just testing the waters, Diana. Now, last question... have you thought about this? About kissing me? Do you WANT me to kiss you?" His lips were inches from hers. Her breathing was shallow. She knew she wouldn't have moved away from him, even if she hadn't been tied there. 

"Yes," she said, her lips brushing his. "I want you to kiss me. Like you mean it." 

He put one hand on her waist, and pulled her into him. His other hand ran up the length of her spine until his fingers gently rested on the back of her neck. She sighed gently as his lips touched hers. 

His lower hand snaked around her waist as his lips pressed into hers. Gently his lips worked her full lower lip. She was shaking, slightly, and he pulled her closer. 

Their mouths re-positioned, and her lips were working his lower lip, and then her upper teeth dragged slowly across his lip, biting him ever so gently. He groaned, and surrendered to moment. He gently started to taste her, first licking her lips, then just inside her mouth, until his tongue came into contact with hers. She sucked on it lightly, making him a little weak in the knees. 

Her tongue was in his mouth, running the length of the top, and then dancing with his. Her chest was pressed into him, her breathing was shallow, and he knew they should to stop, but he didn't want to. 

One of his hand smoved down and the other hand moved up until both were in the middle of her back, pressing her into him, as he continued to taste and explore her mouth. She moaned as he dug his fingers into her back. Her knees buckled a little -- it was a good thing she was tied to the banister or she might have fallen down. 

He ran one hand down her back, gently skimming her ass, and then down along her thigh. When he got to the back of her knee, he pulled it slightly up, and she let him. He held it tight to his waist, and she wrapped her leg slightly around him. He ran his hand back up the back of her thigh, towards her hip. She moaned into him as he dug his fingers into her hip. 

He pushed down on her thigh until both her feet were on the ground. He continued to kiss her, his tongue pulling against hers, while his hand pushed just under her short dress, towards her panties. She squealed a second as his fingertips reached the edge of her underwear, but since his mouth was covering hers, only he could hear it. He drifted his hands across the front, and when he felt her push herself towards him, he knew she was wanting this as much he was. He pushed his hand down against her mound, and he felt her moan into his mouth. 

She would never had admitted it, but she'd been immediately attracted to him. From the first time he walked into the office, she noticed his dimples. And his ass. And she had dreamed about getting her hands on him. Now here she was, unable to touch him. And it was unbelievably hot. 

He couldn't help but smile as he snaked his fingers under the edge of her panties, and glided straight towards her cleft. He was rewarded with a slick slide -- God, she was wet! As soon as his fingertips grazed down past her clit, he felt her moan, and push her hips toward him. He pushed his fingers further, and they slipped right inside her. He crooked his fingers right up against her g-spot and she immediately groaned. 

While she ground into his fingers, he gently pressed his thumb against her clit. She gasped and he kissed her deeper. As his fingers danced inside her and across her, her back arched and she pressed her body closer to him. 

Kara wanted to touch him, but her hands were bound together and above her. And her legs were barely holding her up against his talented fingers' assault. The only thing she could really move was her mouth, and her tongue. She sucked on his until he moaned. 

He pressed harder against her, and she started to shake. Her breath was ragged and shallow, and he held her up as she quivered against him. He kissed her lips once more and then pulled slightly away, as he pulled his hand from under her skirt. 

"Diana," he said, looking straight in her eyes, and licking his fingers. "You are fucking delicious."

With his other hand, he reached above her and untied her hands from the banister. She was a little light-headed... had that really just happened? She let Mike tie her to the stairway and then finger-fuck her in the back of the bar? 

No.... Kara didn't do that. Diana, on the other hand... Diana had let Bruce do that. And Bruce -- he was nasty. In all the best ways. 

Ding-ding-da-ding. Ding-ding-da-ding. 

He chucked. "I guess that's the Bat Phone," he said, pulling his cell from some hidden pocket. "Yeah? Uh.... Sure. Not a problem. That's um, something I can take care of Monday." 

She was grateful to have minute to collect herself. She smoothed down her skirt and her wig. She was sure her make-up was a mess, but no time to deal with that at the moment. 

"So? The Penguin's causing problems in Gotham again? The Joker escaped Arkham Prison?" she said, raising her eyebrows in question. 

He laughed. "Yeah, something like that." 

"Well, then, I'll leave you to it. My girls just sent me a message -- they're waiting at the club across the street. I guess I'm in the wrong place." 

"I would say, Diana, you were in exactly the right place. At the right time." 

She laughed. "You may be right, Bruce. Well, um, thanks for the, ah, 'truth session'? Maybe I'll run into you in the Hall Of Justice?" 

He laughed. "I look forward to next time." 

She smiled and said, "I do, too. I hear the Bat Cave has lots of toys..." 

And as she walked away, she knew that he was checking out her ass.