 I blink my eyes several times as I wake up from a full night of sleep. It takes some time for me to orient myself when I realize I am not in my own bed. It takes a moment, but then I remember I am in bed with Sally in her travel trailer. I spent the night after we made love in her coach. Her hand is wrapped around my hard shaft.

"Good morning Rob."

"Morning Sally. Your hand feels good, I like how you take charge."

"Well, it's not often I get to wake up next to a sexy man with a rock-hard cock. I have to make use of my opportunities."

Just to recap, we are currently at the Morro Dunes RV Park. I drove up yesterday from my home in Pismo Beach. This is the first trip of the season and I like to stay close to home to make sure everything in my trailer survived the winter and is in good working order.

Yesterday, I was outside my trailer soaking up the afternoon sun and enjoying the new stories on Literotica.com when a cute little pup came up to me. She was on a long leash and just as I reached down to pet the terrier, her owner came walking around the corner. That's when I first laid eyes on Sally wearing her blue hospital scrubs. She apologized for the interruption and I told her not worry one bit. I invited Sally to sit down and stay awhile. She introduced me to Dixie, her cute King Charles terrier.

We made small talk and I found out Sally is a registered nurse in Santa Maria who intends to retire soon. I commented that I have been retired just over three years and I highly recommend it. After a few minutes, Sally got up, said it was nice to meet me and that we would probably see each other around the park over the next couple of days. I thought she looked rather sexy in her blue scrubs and invited her to dine with me as I was preparing to barbecue a tri-tip.

Sally accepted my offer and we traded cell phone numbers so I could text her when dinner was ready. When she arrived for dinner, my eyes nearly popped out of their socket. She brought wine coolers and was dressed in denim shorts, baseball cap and a floral bikini top that barely contained her very large and very round tan breasts.

I had to steady myself and concentrate on cooking. I told Sally to make herself at home and to grab a bottle opener from the trailer. She complimented my 25-foot ShadowCruiser and remarked she owned a small Coachman which was perfect for her and Dixie.

We ate the tri-tip and shared lots of personal information about ourselves. When Sally laughed, her tits shook and wiggled within her bikini top. I tried not to stare. Midway through dinner, the temperature began to cool down and Sally asked if I had a sweatshirt she could borrow. I saw her nipples become hard little bullets and press against her bikini top. I imagined my lips wrapped around each delicious berry. Being the gracious host, I lent her my zip-up hoodie, which ended my boob enjoyment for the evening. Or, so I thought.

After dinner, Sally helped me with the dishes while Dixie laid on my bed. When everything was cleaned up and put away, she thanked me for a lovely evening, and we made plans for a bike ride the next day. We hugged good-bye and Sally walked back to her trailer with Dixie trailing behind. Sally said she would return my sweatshirt in the morning.

Sometime around 9:30 PM, my phone chirps and it's a text from Sally asking me if I have two AA batteries. I asked her if I could take them to her in the morning. She said she was desperate for them, so I took them straight away. When I got to her trailer, she was waiting for me wearing only a red thong and waving her vibrator my way. The batteries were for her vibrator. You can only imagine what that led to. And so, here I am in laying on her bed in the morning with her hand wrapped around my cock.

"So, Sally, what do you have in mind? Do you have plans for this cock?"

Sally giggles, "Well, after last night, I plan to be satisfied for the next three days. I can't believe how good it felt to have you deep inside of me, filing me to the bursting point."

"I have to admit your suggestion to try the Amazon position was incredible. I experienced the most profound orgasm ever. At a few points, I thought you might break me in two. I'm not used to having my shaft bent in that position."

"I enjoyed being in control and setting the pace. Oh, by the way, I came so hard I thought I was going to faint. I want more of this lovely cock. This lovely, thick hard cock."

Sally squeezes my shaft to emphasize her point. I let her know I am now fully awake and ready for her next request. I reach around and cup her full breast in my hand. I tug at her ruby red nipple and it becomes erect. Sally gets out of bed and heads into her bathroom.

"Hey, where are you going? I was just getting comfortable with you."

"Be right back, I have a surprise for you."

I look over and see Dixie sleeping soundly on her little bed on the floor. Sally emerges from the bathroom with a wash cloth, some liquid soap and a razor. My curiosity is peaked. She looks incredible, completely nude with her big tits swaying back and forth. I focus my attention on the triangle of light brown pubes covering her mons. I just want to eat her up.

"Rob, will you indulge me this morning? I want to do a little role playing with you."

"Well, that depends on what role you want me to play."

"Don't laugh, I want to shave your balls just like I do for my vasectomy patients. You see, when I shave my patients, I am wearing my scrubs and rubber surgical gloves. I must feign disinterest and remain very clinical. What I really want to do is jack them off with abandon and suck their cocks. I want to make them explode into my mouth and swallow every ounce of jizz. I want to play with their smooth balls and get naked and fuck their brains out."

"Wow Sally, that is quite an admission. But you know my balls are smooth already, I shaved just yesterday morning in the shower."

"I know, I know, I sucked each of your balls last night and it was divine. I just want to shave a man on my terms and really let loose."

I am not one to get in the way of her request. I love her passion.

"So where do you want me?"

"Just lay on your back right here. Lift your bum and let me slide a towel under you."

I comply with her wishes and lay back. I put my hands beneath my head and flex my cock a few times. My erect shaft flails back and forth. Sally grabs me and uses the wash cloth to get my cock and balls wet before dripping some soap over my shaft. She uses one hand to lather up a nice foam and prepares to shave me. Her fingers hold me up by my glans and gently squeeze the spongy tip.

"Good morning Mr. Anthony, I'm nurse Sally Gilmore and I'll be taking care of you this morning. Now Mr. Anthony, do you remember reading the literature regarding shaving yourself before your medical procedure? You were supposed to do this at home. Either you or your wife should have shaved your scrotum before coming in this morning."

"I'm sorry Nurse Sally. I guess I didn't read the fine print."

"There was no fine print. It was typed in big bold letters... please shave your balls at home.

"I don't know what to say, I guess I just didn't read those instructions."

"Well, by not reading those instructions, you are delaying your procedure for several hours. Now, I must use my valuable time to shave you. You know I have several duties to perform to get ready for your procedure, and shaving you is not one of them."

"I apologize Nurse Sally."

"If you didn't have this beautiful huge thick hard cock for me to play with, I would have the male orderly shave you. You can thank your lucky stars that you have a beautiful huge thick hard cock."

"I'm glad you like my cock Nurse Sally, but where is your uniform? You have really nice boobs. May I touch them?"

"No, you may not. You are here for a medical procedure, not a lap dance." 

With that said, Sally uses the razor to remove the day-old stubble around my shaft. She shaves my shaft from the bottom to the top, using gentle strokes so she doesn't nick the sensitive skin. I spread my legs wide to give Sally access to my balls. She grabs the loose skin of my scrotum and stretches my nether region for a clean, close shave. Sally takes her time, fondling my balls and stroking my shaft as the razor glides over my skin. She is meticulous and I am now smooth to the touch. 

"You do a really good job Nurse Sally. I love the way your boobs wiggle when you move. May I touch them now?"

"No Mr. Anthony, my tits are off-limits."

Sally cleans my cock and balls with the wash cloth and announces that she is satisfied with her completed work. She steps back to admire her work as I pump my hard cock and anticipate her next move.

"Mr. Anthony, your cock is still so hard. What should we do about that? Some of my patients get to have a happy ending. Would you like a happy ending?"

"A happy ending Nurse Sally? What is that?"

"Well let me show you."

Sally slaps my hand away from my cock and grips the shaft with a tight fist. She begins a slow rhythm of pumping my cock up and down. She wraps her hand around my full length and uses long tight strokes while squeezing her fingers around me. A bit of pre-cum leaks out. Sally swipes the liquid onto her finger and tastes it.

"Mmmm, that tastes good Mr. Anthony. I hope you have a large load of cum for me this morning."

Sally reaches down and grabs my balls. She squeezes them as she pulls down on my sack and rolls each ball through her fingers. She grabs my shaft again, bends over and licks the tip of my cock and then swirls her tongue around my glans. My cock throbs within her grip. With each stroke of my cock my climax gets closer and closer. My senses begin to boil over and my balls are ready to explode.

I warn Sally that I am on the verge of cumming and she twists my shaft as she pumps faster. This little maneuver sends me over the edge. My cock throbs and I let loose with a torrent of jizz. I erupt with a series of convulsions that rack my body. I blast one, two, three ropes of cum into the air which covers her fingers and pools on my stomach. A fourth spurt dribbles down her fingers as she continues to masturbate me to completion. My happy ending.

"Oh, my gawd Rob, that's a lot of cum. Do you always cum this much in the morning? Talk about a happy ending."

I can only lie there with a silly grin. Sally raises her hand to her mouth and cleans each digit with her tongue. She sucks her fingers, savoring each one. After she licks all the sperm from her hands, Sally moves down to the strands of cum on my stomach. She slurps up all my jizz with several strokes of her tongue. She swallows all the remnants of my orgasm.

"Wow Sally, that was incredible. I'll role-play with you any day of the week. What got you thinking about doing this?"

"Well, your cock for one thing. Last night when I got my first taste, I knew I wanted more. When I told you about bathing and shaving patients, I realized I just needed to fulfill a fantasy. Thank you for indulging me."

"No, thank you. Now let me return the favor. You need to begin the day with a nice orgasm too."

"You don't need to. I'm ready for breakfast and to spend the day with you. I'm sure you'll make me very happy today."

"Sorry, but I insist and besides I want a little feast to get my morning started. I won't let Nurse Sally deny me."

I remain stretched out on my back and motion for Sally to climb over me and plant her luscious cunt on my face. Her silky-smooth lips are inches from my face. I take a deep breath and inhale her sweet fragrance. I slide my fingers over the small triangle of light brown hair adorning her mons. The downy soft pubes feel good. I pull Sally's puffy lips down to my face. I lick her slit from bottom to top. She tastes delicious.

Sally squirms and grinds her quim onto my mouth. My tongue darts into her gash as I lick and suck all around. I feel her clitoris emerge from its hood and flick the tiny bud. A sweet wetness forms between her labia. Sally comes alive and gets wetter. I lick from the bottom of her slit all the way to her clit.

"Geez Rob, my clit is throbbing, it feels so good. I'm so close baby, I'm going to cum." 

Sally places a hand on top of my head and pulls my face into her cunt. I concentrate on her clit, hoping to take her over the edge. Her inner lips are moist and tasty. I slide my tongue along her pink slit and suck on her pink pearl.

Sally cries out again, her body spasms and releases sweet juice. Girl cum drips down my chin while my lips remain pressed to her clit. Her pussy mashes down onto my face and her thighs squeeze my head as she rides through another climax. My tongue continues to lick her slick slit until her pussy becomes too sensitive and she falls to the side. Her rapid breath testament to another glorious orgasm.

I wrap my arms around Sally and hold her tight. Her stiff nipples press into my chest and I feel the beat of her heart against my chest as she slowly regains her composure. We kiss softly and whisper our thanks for the morning wake-up call. It's a bright start to our day.

Sally pulls the bed covers over us as our bodies meld together. We are momentarily satisfied and content to lay together while we plan our next move. Dixie barks and looks our way wondering what all the commotion was about.

"Well Mr. Anthony, I suspect we should get dressed and think about breakfast."