 David and Trinity finished dinner and are casually talking in Trinity's cozy living room by the fireplace. 

"Damn boy, I am so glad to finally see you"! Trinity says. 

"I know, all those times chatting and here we are." David responds. 

David and Trinity met on an African American dating website during David's third tour in Iraq. 

They chatted on the regular becoming very interested in each other. 

David was back visiting Trinity in her luxurious 4 bed room Victorian home, deeply nested in the pinewoods of Georgia. 

Trinity leans back in her contemporary sofa, sipping red wine and gazes at David thinking the choice he brought was excellent. 

The wine was a smooth Cabernet Sauvignon imported from Italy. 

It was the small innovative things he did that intrigued her. 

The rich deep red wine began taking its affect. An extremely seductive sensation took control and her pussy began tingling and throbbing. 

David leans forward in the love seat and Trinity sees the results of eight long months of Middle East isolation. 

David, a baldheaded brother with dimples complemented by a million dollar smile, has a Georgia pecan complexion just like the ones commonly found in Trinity's back yard. 

The man worked out vigorously and was in phenomenal shape. His chest and arms were massive and ideally proportioned with the rest of his body. 

She notices his fraternity chest brand imprinted perfectly under his linen shirt. 

She's turned on imagining her tongue tracing it from end to end, tasting and glazing the sexy Greek symbol. His lips, so structured and sensual, could perfectly vacuum seal her velvet kitty lips then massage and cuddle her swollen clit with his long broad tongue. 

The sensation would be spectacular until she gush her succulent syrup down his throat, a fitting after dinner dessert. David takes a sip and smiles...asking "what are you looking at?" 

Oh nothing...just thinking what I would do if you were just a little closer." 

Trinity responds. Now curled up in her sofa, she's methodically stokes her left breast, circling the nipple with her middle finger. 

Trinity, a voluptuous, top notch, thick chick with an innocent round angel face and jet black hair, was eccentrically beautiful. 

Her tittilicious chocolate mountains, bigger than coconuts, were her best asset and David couldn't wait to explore every sweet inch. 

They lusciously protruded, stretching her white blouse to its maximum. 

"Oh really?" David responds to her earlier statement. 

He stands and Trinity clearly sees the bulge in his pants. 

A chill runs down her spine and she could feel her nipples, begging to be stroked and sucked, gradually sprout as he approaches.

Trinity lies down on her sofa while David crawls between her legs and they begin kissing passionately. 

Her lips were soft and inviting while he tastes the wine on them. 

Trinity slips her hands under David's shirt and feels the full masculinity of his back. 

It was commanding as she sensed its power in every crevice. 

She instinctively wraps her thick sexy legs around his waist and digs her bare heals in his butt, forcing him to grind her. 

"Damn this nigga is hiding a fucking missile" she thinks, her breath taken as her panties instantly became creamy soaked while his brick hard dick intensely rubbing between her pussy's hemisphere. 

"Let me see those pretty ass titties" David asked, kissing her neck. 

They momentarily stop and David sits up and watches the show as Trinity begins slowly unbuttoning her shirt. 

Overzealous he can't take it. He snatches her shirt blouse open, revealing her black bra struggling to contain her tits as they spill over the top lining. 

She feels his vibe and there was no doubt her breasts were driving him insane. 

"Hold on baby, I got something for you." Trinity replies. She rise and stands in front of him and unfastens her bra clasps from the back. 

David's balls jump as he watches her tits naturally fall from captivity. Her tits were rich milk chocolate with dark chocolate nipples. 

Her areolas are bigger than silver dollars and puffed from her nipples trying hard to jump off the top. 

She cups her tits underneath, David sees her fingertips disappear in her softness and his dick damn near cracks it becomes so hard. 

Trinity kneels between David's legs and begins unfastening his pants. 

He watches in a trance as she puts in work. 

It didn't take her long to find his dick, tracing along the shaft as it ran parallel along his right leg. 

She struggles a bit to surface it. His dick gracefully pops out and slightly leans like the Leaning Tower of Pisa. 

"That's a pretty ass dick baby." Trinity says. She thinks its gigantic, towering over his fully exposed balls like Godzilla over Tokyo. 

She feels it slight twitching with his heart beat, covered in plump veins encircling the shaft aimlessly like current electricity. 

She notices the round; shiny head was flawless with a big hole on top, ideal for sucking his milk gooey nut like a thick ass milkshake. 

David's legs intense as she slowly and methodically jacks his shaft with her right hand. 

He was perfectly circumcised she thought rolling his foreskin up to the dick head like a turtle neck. 

Trinity's panties become completely drenched from satisfaction as she toys with his pleasure. 

She feels David hold his breath every time she gently squeezes his projectile, fingers unable to touch due to its girth. 

She gently lays her head on his right leg and watches closely as she jacks him at different rates of speed for a few minutes. 

She is captivated feeling the muscle thrive in her hand as David controls it, resisting the urge to shower her face. 

David hung on for dear life because he savored the moment to finally cum in her mouth. It was beautiful to see his rugged humongous manhood contrast with the smooth texture of her feminine hand. 

Trinity becomes so exciting by the spectacular visual effects she almost explodes with pleasure herself. 

Now she is on a mission. 

I will be damn if I nut before this nigga she thinks. 

She quickly raises her head over his penis and, with out warning, strikes downward like a king cobra, engulfing the entire dick all the way to the base and grabs the bottom with her lips. 

He struggles and instantly gags attempting to contain the hulking vessel and thinks its head is tongue kissing her tonsils. 

The unsuspected sensation knocks David back in the sofa like a sledge hammer. 

He thrusts his dick further down Trinity's throat from the force, causing her to gage once more and almost nut again. 

Now they were completely one. This is where David wanted to be, his dick finally found its proper home. 

His eyes roll back in his head as he grips the fuck out of Trinity's shoulders, pulling her to his dick. 

She sucks steadily slow and hard, the pain in her shoulders almost unbearable but exquisite at the same time. 

They operate like a well oiled machine for several minutes, acting and reacting to each others sensations, commotions and emotions. The harder he pulls, the slower and harder she sucks, the slower he grinds in her mouth. 

Her sweet wine scented saliva seeps from her gripping intense lips, moisten his dick and balls like baby oil. 

His dick was at her mercy, her tongue wrapping and cuddling it like a newborn baby. 

The sensation was unbearable David thought. One more long satisfying stroke would do it. 

It was almost like Trinity read his mind, giving his dick a long, solid, sucking pull, forcing the foreskin to cover half his dick head. 

"Ooooooohhhhhhh sssshhhhhhiiiiiittttttttttt! David's yell echoes throughout the house after hearing the slurping sound of her tantalizing suck, causing his balls to quiver as he erupts. 

His rigid dick thumps the top of her mouth in response as she slides up to catch the head with her lips in tongue again. 

David's arriving nut was unbearable for Trinity too. 

Now drinking his spurting, warm, dense cum down her throat, her body seizes like a clenched fist. 

Her joy juice shoots from her pussy like a sub nose 38, secreting from both sides of her already marinated panties.