 He lifted the shirt over her shoulder and she shied back not wanted him to see her fully. 

“Turn off the light,” she said softly. He raised an eyebrow and gave a chuckle, then turned and flipped the switch. 

He then turned his attention back to her. Kissing her softly he reached his hand around her back, trying to be slick, to unhook her bra. Her back twitched as he lightly grazed his fingers across the spot where she was most ticklish. 

He smiled, though she couldn’t see. Again he kissed her softly as he began to lay her down. The felt of the pool table was an odd sensation at first. Strangely she liked it. His hand ran down her stomach to her belt buckle.

“Uh-uh,” she said. “It’s my turn to be in control.” She pushed him back and lifted his shirt over his head. Slowly she began to kiss his chest. The small trail of hair that ran beneath his pants had always captivated her. She now focused her attention there as she ran her fingers up and down the path. He breathed in deeply as her cold hand slipped past his boxers and grasped his already hard cock. 

Slowly, ever so slowly, she began to stroke. Leaning against him she kissed his neck up and down. She paused for a moment at his ear lobe and shivers shot through his body. With complete control on her mind she turned him around and laid him down on the pool table. 

“Are you sure you want the light off?” he asked softly. Slightly annoyed she grabbed the hair upon his chin and gave it a tug. “Ok” he said quickly. She climbed onto the pool table and straddled him in the dark. Her breasts pressed against him as she leaned in to kiss him. He could feel how hard her nipples were and it turned him on. 

While kissing him she reached back and started to undo his belt and zipper. Then she delicately slipped her way down before disrobing the man of her love completely. He lay there on the pool table in the complete dark for what seemed an eternity. Quite suddenly the warmth of her soft and supple lips engulfed his throbbing manhood. 

With one hand she gripped the base of his shaft and slowly stroked while she took the rest of him into her mouth. Her other hand she ran over his chest. She had had cold hands all night long and they still hadn’t warmed up. 

It wasn’t long before she could taste his precum in her mouth. She had this amazing ability to know exactly when he was going to blow without hearing a word from him. She also had the torturous ability to stop just before he did so. The warmth of her lips left his cock and he lay wondering where she had gone. For only a moment he wondered if she had changed her mind, only a moment because soon she was unwrapping a condom down his pillar. 

Again she climbed on top of the pool table and straddled him. “You’re sure about this?” he asked. He got his answer but not in words. She was soon placing his cock inside of her wet pussy. Gradually she slid down upon him until he was in as far as he could reach. 

“It’s been a while,” she confessed. “So be gentle.”

A small and slow rocking of her hips began the gentle moan from her lips. Little by little she would extend further and further until she had a steady rhythm that extended to the tip. Her moaning grew louder with each gyration.

When she placed her hands upon his chest for more support she could feel the quick beat of his heart. She took one of his hands in hers and placed it upon her breast. A sensual moan escaped from her as his hand rubbed her small nipple. 

Several minutes past and soon she was once again aware of the fact that he was going to cum. She lifted herself from him and got off the table. He groaned loudly in protest. “I’m not ready yet,” she said in defense. She then commanded him to get off the table. As he stood she pressed her naked body against his. This time she felt the steadiness of his heart beat through the throb in his cock against her. She kissed him deeply and pulled him with her as this time she lay down on the pool table. “Don’t worry,” she whispered into his ear. “I’m close. I just want us to come together.”

She pulled him onto the pool table with her and soon he was once again deep inside her. Neither of them had lost their momentum in the exchange.  He resumed the same rhythm they had before. 

“Harder,” she moaned. Thrusting himself with more passion he still remained at the same pace. “Faster,” she moaned even louder. It was almost time for him to come, if he went faster he feared they wouldn’t come together. “Don’t worry,” she said almost reading his mind. “I’m almost their.”

A strange burning sensation appeared in her back as he began to fuck her harder and faster. It was the felt from the pool table. It was giving her a rug burn. The pain throbbed in time with the pounding of his hips. It was almost more than she could take but somehow it added to the pleasure. 

He threw his head back and moaned loudly as he released inside of her. She dug her nails into his back as her entire body tensed with pleasure. Slowly they both relaxed together. They panting in sync, they hearts in time. 

There was a burn in the center of her back, she could feel it as her shirt passed over it. She smiled in the dark as they both got dressed. A battle wound from sex. That was a new one for her.