 "So what do you do?" my new roommate Claire asked me. We were each unpacking our things and getting settled in while attempting to get to know each other. 

"Umm well I do it all, but I'm mainly here for dancing," I said as I folded my clothes. We were both students at Bay Ridge Academy the top school of the arts in the country.

"Triple threat nice, I'm a singer myself and I play the piano pretty decent." 

"I think I can play jingle bells pretty well on the piano but apart from that nothing else," I joked. 

"Hey jingle bells is all you really need to know," she laughed. 

We joked back and forth as we finished unpacking our things. It took a couple hours, but when we were done Claire suggested we head to the cafeteria. Her brother was a Senior like us apparently so she knew a lot of people....thankfully, and she said we could just join him. I was glad my roommate had an in, without her I'd probably be a lone loser the entire year. I wasn't particularly bad at meeting people and making friends, but that first initial conversation was where I faulted. I could charm the pants off of just about anyone, but I had to get over that first conversation and then I was golden. 

"Hey Claire Bear," a cute boy with red blonde hair greeted Claire. He grabbed her arm and pulled her into his lap which earned him an eye roll.

"Hey Josh, Isabella this is my brother's stupid best friend Josh and Josh this is my new roomie Isabella," Claire introduced us, still perched on Josh's lap. The table was empty except for him, but I assumed that would change quickly so I took a seat. 

"I actually usually go by Izzy or Bella," I nervously looked down at the table and drew figure eights on the table top with my finger. 

"So where is my doofus of a brother?" Claire asked. She slid off Josh's lap and into the seat next to me. 

"Probably sticking his tongue down the throat of this weeks conquest," Josh rolled his eyes. 

"Hey! I resent that.... I stuck my tongue in a much different hole," a male voice said from behind me. 

Claire cringed in disgust and Josh laughed and high fived whoever it was. I didn't react... I had three brothers my self so I'd heard even worse. 

The owner of the voice walked around the table and sat across from Claire and I. From what I'd gathered this was Claire's brother, but I couldn't see the resemblance. Claire was no more than 5'3'', she had medium length light blonde hair, greyish blue eyes, lightly tanned skin, and the face of a model all angles and cheekbones. This guy was at least 6'2'', he had coffee brown hair, light green eyes with flecks of a honey gold, his skin was golden tan, and like his sister he was all cheekbones and angles, but that was their only similarity. Even that was different though... if I didn't know already I would never have guessed they were siblings. I'd never felt so plane in my life sitting with these gorgeous people. I was no slouch in the looks department, but my word their genetics were remarkable. I had long chestnut hair that reached to the middle of my back, light baby blue eyes, porcelain skin, high cheekbones, and full lips. I was 5'7'' with endless legs, a fairly toned butt, a D cup chest, and a small waist. I'd always drawn attention because of my looks, but sitting with Claire and her brother and even Josh... I felt self conscious. My hair was unwashed and thrown in a bun, I was wearing baggy grey sweatpants and a red crop t-shirt, and not a stitch of mascara. 

"Hey there, I'm Caleb and you are?" Claire's brother said bringing me out of my own head and back to earth. 

"I'm Claire's roommate Isabella," I said barely above a whisper. 

"But you can just call her Izzy or Bella," Josh added with a wink in my direction. 

"Well Izzy what are you?" Caleb asked checking me out. 

"Well last I checked I was an eighteen year old girl... but who knows," I shrugged. 

"Crouching tiger hidden penis?" Caleb tried to joke. 

"That doesn't even make sense man," Josh shook his head in disapproval. 

"It was a lame joke," I nodded, "but to actually answer your question, I'm a dancer technically, but I can sing and act as well." 

"Very nice, I'm a dancer too... maybe we can partner," he winked deliberately staring at my chest. 

"Caleb come on, you literally just told us about how you ate some girl out and now you are going to hit on my roomie? Not cool at least use a bottle of mouth wash and wait a week," Claire berated him. 

"A bottle of mouth wash, six packs of tic tacs, and possibly a flamethrower," I agreed. 

"Yeah man you already screwed the pooch on this one, Bells is never going to go near you now," Josh patted his friend on the back. 

"Oh she will," Caleb winked at me. I know I should have a little more self respect, but I got a little excited knowing Caleb wanted me. 

"My word your brother is cocky," I huffed looking at Claire. 

"Oh trust me I know," Claire shot her brother a glare. 

"Oh calm your tits Claire, I'm just flirting there is no harm in that," Caleb rolled his eyes. 

The only harm was the fact that this boy turned me on and I couldn't help it... it was going to be a very long year. The rest of lunch the four of us bull shitted and I caught Caleb more than once checking me out. He didn't even care when I caught him he just gave me this look like he was going to see more later and this was just the appetizer. I didn't understand him... I was like a game to him. Get the new girl into bed and torture/annoy sister in the process.

"Well I'm going to go explore, I'll see you guys later," I excused myself. I wasn't going to explore I knew exactly where I was going I just didn't want any of them tagging along. 

"Oh well I'll see you back at the room," Claire smiled up at me as I stood. 

"It was nice meeting you Josh....Caleb," I nodded and made my way out of the cafeteria. I could feel their eyes on me as I left, but I ignored it. I made a quick pit stop at my room and changed into a sports bra, loose fitting tank top, and spandex. I grabbed my pointe shoes just in case I needed them and headed to the studio. All of this energy... sexual and otherwise, it needed to be worked out. The only way I knew how was by busting my ass in the studio. I danced for what felt like hours. All my frustration and tension I threw into my movements just trying to work it out of me. When I felt like I was going to pass out if I didn't take a break I collapsed on my back on the floor and gasped for air. I was exhausted and I think my blisters had blisters. 

"I thought you were going to dance till you died," an unfamiliar voice chuckled. I strained my neck to see who was talking, but gave up because I didn't have the strength. 

"If you want a conversation you are going to have to stand above me I have energy for nothing else." 

A pair of dark chocolate eyes peered down at me. His hair was a gold blonde with caramel streaks, he had a nice smile, very cut jaw line, and seemed to be very muscled, but not too bulky. His looks were very European looking and I admired them.

"I'm Izzy, if you had the studio reserved I'm sorry I'll crawl out of here in a second," I managed to say as I slowed my breathing. 

"Hey I'm Nick... and no I didn't book the studio, I just noticed you in here.... you're very talented," he smiled that perfect smile again. 

"Oh thanks," I smiled back. I should've been a little creeped he'd been watching me, but I was too exhausted to care. 

"Are you new? I don't think I've seen you before."

"Yeah today is my first day here... quite the sweaty impression right?" I sighed. Usually I was a nervous wreck talking to new people, but with Nick it felt easy. 

"I mean they may not even need a bucket of water to clean the floors in here now... just a mop and the sweat of a pretty girl." 

I rolled my eyes at the cheesy compliment, "I give that like a four out of ten."

"Ouch, I think it at least merits a six," he defended. 

"You get a seven if you help me up," I managed to raise my hand. Nick lifted me easily to my feet and he steadied me as I wobbled a little.

"Whoa sorry I think I got up too fast," I laughed stepping out of his arms. 

"Do we need to wrap you in bubble wrap, make sure you don't cause yourself any injuries on your way to your room?" he teased. 

"Possibly, but if I crawl there I'm close to the ground... less of a fall."

"Very true, but you will look like a doofus," he laughed. 

"Hey first impressions," I shrugged, "and actually I should get back my roommate is probably wondering where I am."

"Mind if I walk you?" he offered me his hand. 

I declined the hand but accepted the company. I grabbed my water bottle and we shut off the lights as we left the studio. It was a short walk back to my room, but Nick joked around and made me laugh. I actually quite liked him, he was funny and pretty cute. When we got to my door I gave him a peck on the cheek before slipping into my room. 

From that night on for the next week I went to the studio every afternoon and worked my ass off. On Saturday when I got back to the room Claire was frantically digging through her closet.

"There you are, where have you been girly?" Claire asked. 

"Studio, I needed to burn some energy." 

"Well us Seniors are having a back to school bonfire out in the woods so you are coming. You need to take a shower first though because your smell actually offends my nostrils," she pinched her nose. 

"Ugh fine only because I know you will pester me until I cave," I rolled my eyes. 

"Awww you know me so well already," she teased. 

I flipped her off and grabbed my towel and toiletries before heading to the shower room down the hall. I showered quickly and cursed myself when I saw I hadn't brought clean clothes. I bundled up my old clothes, grabbed my toiletries, and wrapped the towel tightly around my body. I peeked my head out the door and made sure no one was walking the halls. If I was stealth enough I could sprint to my room without anyone seeing me. Satisfied no one was around I exited the bathroom and scurried to my room trying not to fall. 

"Well that is a sight to behold," Caleb's familiar voice said amused form behind me. 

"Oh fuck," I cursed and turned around to meet his gaze. My breasts were barely contained by the now too small towel I was wrapped in and he definitely noticed. 

"I think you should always greet me like this... naked, wet, in or out of towel I'm not picky," he smirked. 

"What are you doing here?" I huffed. 

"Coming to get Claire and you... there's a party." 

"Well could you be decent and cover your eyes?" I frowned. His eyes traveled up an down my barely covered body. 

"No I don't think I can," he took a step closer to me. I felt butterflies in my stomach, but did my best to ignore him... he would not get to me. 

"Caleb, don't," I managed to say. 

"Don't do what exactly?" he ran his finger from my shoulder to my collarbone. My nipples grew hard and I had goose bumps. 

"Caleb," I said a little breathily, "stop."

"I don't think you want me to... you've got goose bumps Izzy, I know you want me," he smirked. 

I bit my lip as he toyed with where the two ends of the towel met at the top of my left breast. In all honestly I wanted him to carry me back into the bathroom, rip the towel off my body, and take me any way he liked... but I couldn't let that happen. I took a deep breath and tried to calm myself. He moved his hand to cup my cheek and his thumb drew circles on my cheek bone. My grip on the towel faltered a little, but I was able to catch it. My nipples were now barely covered and the towel barely hung on my body. It had been a week of this constant touching and flirting and I could hardly take it anymore. 

"Izzy?" Claire called. Caleb and I were hidden from view by the staircase so I knew she couldn't see us.

"Yeah?" I called back not taking my eyes from Caleb's. 

"Everything okay?"

"Yeah," I managed to break away from Caleb. I covered myself more with the towel and left him there without a word. Claire started laughing her ass off when she saw I had forgotten clean clothes. 

"Oh my gosh you need to remember those always. Caleb is on his way over here can you imagine if he'd seen you... he'd never leave you alone then," she shook her head. 

"Yeah no kidding," I gulped as I got dressed. I pulled on a light grey v-neck long sleeve knit tee. I left it unbuttoned showing off a nice amount of cleavage. I didn't bother wearing a bra at eighteen my chest was nice and perky. I did however put on a hot pink G-string and a pair of daisy dukes. I put on my vans and braided my long hair to the side leaving a few strands to frame my face. I applied a little mascara and then called it good. 

"Seriously all of the guys are going to go crazy over you! We don't usually get a lot of new people in senior year so you are new meat," Claire complimented. 

There was a light knock at the door and then Caleb opened it and poked his head in. "You guys ready?" he asked. 

I avoided eye contact and nodded as Claire said, "yep!"

We grabbed our keys and phones and headed out with Caleb. I internally tried not to freak out and make a complete spaz of myself.

Claire walked a few paces ahead of us and Caleb seemed to be too close for comfort. His hand kept skimming along my hip and occasionally across my butt and I had no doubt that he was doing it on purpose. Needless to say even the smallest touch from him set my entire body on fire and you could plainly see my arousal through the thin material of my shirt. I crossed my arms over my chest which only made Caleb smirk and chuckle. He was so damn infuriating it killed me. When we got to the fire pit in the forest there was at least fifteen to twenty people milling about and I figured Caleb would join a group, but no he stayed right by my side. Claire being a social butterfly immediately found a group of her friends to talk to. 

"Why won't you just leave me alone, you don't even know me," I sighed when Caleb still didn't leave my side. 

"Because I want to get to know you," he said playing with my long braid. 

"Yeah sexually I get it, but your sister is my roommate and only friend here, I am not jeopardizing that for some guy I just met," I whispered angrily. 

"Maybe not tonight," he said cryptically and stalked off.

I wandered over to Claire and she introduced me to her friends Hannah and Rachel. They were drama students and seemed pretty cool from what I could tell so far. I spotted Nick amongst the small crowd of people and waved to him, he grinned and waved back. 

"How do you know Nicholas Kozlov?" Claire questioned me noticing the exchange.

"Um I met him at the studio like a week ago," I shrugged. 

"Well he can't take his eyes off of you," she waggled her eyebrows. Hannah and Rachel giggled in agreement and I just rolled my eyes. 

"Should I go talk to him?" I asked glancing over at him and biting my lip. 

"Umm duh yes, go now," Claire shooed me. 

I nervously made my way over to Nick nearly drawing blood as I bit my lip increasingly hard. 

"Hey Izzy, fancy running into you again so soon," he grinned. 

"My roommate is connected apparently."

"Well I'm glad you are here," he squeezed my shoulder sending shivers down my spine. 

"Nicky how do you know our little Isabella?" Caleb said butting into the conversation and throwing his arm over my shoulders. 

"Hey Caleb," Nick said only slightly annoyed. 

"Don't call me Isabella," I elbowed Caleb in the side. He didn't react at all he just snuggled me closer to his body. While my mind hated it my body loved it and wanted more. 

"So by Caleb's presence I'm guessing your roommate is Claire?" Nick asked. 

I nodded, "yeah she seems pretty cool so far, the only down fall is having to deal with this ass hat." I shot Caleb an annoyed glare to which he only smirked. 

The conversation felt extremely awkward since Caleb wouldn't take the hint and leave. I could tell Nick was feeling uncomfortable which bummed me out and also pissed me off. "Well I'll catch up with you later... just the two of us," Nick smiled sweetly at me before wandering off. 

I tried to pull away from Caleb by twisting my body, but it only made it so we were chest to chest. His hands slid down to rest on my hips and my arms hung lamely at my sides. 

"What the fuck is your problem Caleb?" I growled. 

"I don't like that guy, you can do better," he shrugged. 

"Oh better? Like you?" I rolled my eyes. 

"Well if you say so," he smirked. 

"Caleb your shit is not going to work on me, sure you are attractive and if Claire wasn't my roommate I might even consider you, but that's not the case so back off."

"So you're telling me this doesn't tempt you?" he said grazing my neck with his lips. He kissed my neck moving to my collarbone and up to under my ear. 

"Mmm stop Caleb," I moaned softly. I was extremely turned on, but I was also embarrassed with the entire party around us. People weren't paying much attention to us, but if he continued this they would soon notice. 

"Kiss me and I'll leave you alone... for the night," Caleb whispered in my ear as he kissed my jaw line. 

"Fine," I sighed. I pressed my lips to his lightly at first. He gently bit my bottom lip sucking on it which got me even more excited. One of his hands gripped my hip while the other moved to cup my ass and squeeze. My arms wrapped around his neck and we kissed like we were crazed. I wanted to wrap my legs around his waist and fuck him right here and now, but I managed to control myself... barely. 

"See you later Izz," he whispered pecking me on the lips one more time before leaving me standing there alone completely stunned. No matter how long I stood there my body would not calm down I was extremely turned on and in need of a release. It was either Nick or Caleb... I decided whoever I ran into first would be the one. I was a woman crazed with sexual need and frustration and I needed to take care of it. I wandered around looking for either one of them. "Hey beautiful," Nick greeted me. I ignored the fact that my heart fell a little, I didn't want to think about what that meant about my feelings for Caleb. 

"Hey," I stepped closely to him. I grabbed the beer from his hands taking a long sip, I definitely needed some liquid courage. 

"A ballerina who drinks beer?" he grinned slightly impressed. 

"Hey I do more than ballet and one sip isn't going to kill me," I rolled my eyes laughing. 

"You'll just have to find away to burn it off," he winked playfully. It surprised me and I guessed this wasn't his first beer of the night. I didn't mind though playful Nick was kind of a turn on. 

"Any suggestions?" I giggled biting my lip. 

"I can think of a couple," he said giving me a lustful look. 

"Oh do tell," I said stepping closer to him and gazing up into his eyes. 

He gave me a questioning look as if to ask if I was coming on to him, I nodded. 

"Well I could show you better than I could tell you... maybe we should go somewhere?" he interlaced his fingers with mine. 

"Okay," I squeezed his hand. I let him lead me away from the crowd of people and into the woods. We went a ways back until there was a cluster of trees that would block us from view. We sat next to them and I nervously played with the hem of my shirt not knowing what to do. I was still horny, but a little less now that we were actually here. 

Nick didn't say anything before he pressed his lips to mine he just did it. I could taste the beer we'd drank on his lips as I parted them with my tongue. He massage my tongue with his as one of his hands slid under my top to cup my breast. I moaned as his thumb rubbed my nipple and he gently squeezed my breast. Slowly but surely he worked my top up until he pulled it off of me in one fluid motion. He flung it away from us leaving me in only my shorts. 
