 So this is my first entry. What happens when a coworker is invited to a bbq, unknowing to the host that his daughter and friend have already been talking for a little while.

*****

It started harmlessly, maybe that's how most do. A few texts, that lead to texts with winks and smilies. Leading to talking more about personal things, then joking about the personal things as well. 

I was going to be in the area in a few weeks and let her know that. Her father Jeff, a co-worker, was hosting a cook out. This young nymph of a thing, just recently turned 18, but honestly, she looked an adult when she was 15. Her breasts were Double D's, actual measurements are something I couldn't tell you, but they were nice. I hoped I would find out how nice later on.

We were at a pool, she and I, and others too. Her lithe body already looking amazing, her two piece showing off a wonderful part of skin. Double D's barely contained by the thin brown fabric, blonde brown hair with spices from other colors. Others were of various people, some co workers of mine, some friends of hers, both genders. We tried to show the crowd that we weren't an item.. or I think we did. 

There were times though that she was next to me in the water though, I felt soft hands run across my toned chest, my fingers would slide along her thighs or stomach. Once when I was under water she peeled her suit to the side just to let me take a glance at the perfect slit, shaven just the way I said I liked it. Another time her hand tried to get down the front of my suit, and when that didn't work, up a leg.

I couldn't get out for another five minutes because of that, while she had swam away to laugh and giggle with her friends giving me no more attention than anyone else.

Jeff lit up the grill and we began to get the ribs going. He and I chatted and shot the shit, his wife, a bombshell also was with some of her friends. One could easily see where Sara got her looks from. I went inside to use the bathroom, and while there, curiosity got the better of me. After pissing off a beer, I began to look around the house. It was pretty big and it had been awhile since I was there last.

The main floor held a kitchen and dining room, a large living room with a high vaulted ceiling. A wrap around second story gave entrance to the front door and secondary floor which held some rooms. From some pictures shared, I found the one that was Sara's. I pushed the door open and walked in. A typical eighteen year old girl room. Clean, posters of actors, bands, and shows on the walls, a small tv on a dresser. No dust, I'd guess she just cleaned it before anyone started showing up. 

"Are ya lost?" A humored voice comes from behind and I jump a little, looking to see Sara there. 

"Maybe, do you think you could help me find my way out?" I gave a grin as I leaned back a little onto her bed. The thick throw blanket felt pretty soft under my fingers. Her hips swayed as she walked up to me, her door closing just behind her with a flick of a foot.

"Mmm.. I might help something find a way out." She murmurs, looking up at me, leaning up she kisses me while rubbing the front of my swim suit. My mouth finds hers as a hand slides across her soft back, pulling her close, are lips press and tongues entwine as her fingers undo the strings and then begin pushing my swim trunks down. With another flirtatious grin, she sinks down, rubbing her covered tits against me the whole way down, before she settles, looking right at my cock. With a gentle tongue, she reaches out and licks the tip of the head, brown eyes locked on mine.

"Do you like that?"

I give a small chuckle. How could I not? "Of course baby.. do some more."

My fingers are still supporting myself against the bed, but I know where I want them. She seemed to need no more encouraging as her tongue moves down the shaft, then back up it, flicking the slit of my penis and putting her lips on the head. Her small hands could fit around my cock, but not by much and she began to suck on it.

I was in a kind of bliss as her mouth worked wonders on my manhood, her hand had shifted to my sack, gently massaging my balls at the same time. After a little bit of this I pulled her up and kissed her, tasting some of my precum on her tongue. My hands slide down her shoulders to her back, the other around her waist. Deft fingers undid the top part as she slowly steps backwards, holding out the brown top piece with a grin, before letting it drop to the floor. 

"Is this what you want to see?" She pushes her breasts together, palms running across the skin, fingers plucking nipples making them hard. A small noise escapes my throat as I watch, my cock rock hard. I hold a hand out and she steps up, taking it, kissing the fingers and sucking on the pointer, deep blue eyes stared up at me before she popped the finger out of her mouth and put my hand on her breast. The touch of her skin was electric. A small moan left her lips as my wet finger rubbed her nipple. I pushed the piece of flesh in, pulled on it, rubbed it gently then a little more rough between my thumb and pointer. 

"The other one.." She gasped out as her hand found my cock again, began pulling on the hard piece of flesh. I pulled her closer to me, my mouth on hers as I turned her with me, pressing her to the bed, my lips escaping her mouth. My teeth move to graze her neck, ear and further down. I was happy to hear noises leaving her throat and mouth as my tongue quickly made it to her breasts. Sucking on the flesh, soon the nipple, a low moan, pulling on the other, it erupted to a louder one. My eyes catch her as my fingers dip down, finding the ties to the bottom of her suit I untie it.

"I'm going to fuck you now Sara."

There was no question to it. I'm not sure I would have listened if she had said no at this point. 

Her eyes were full of lust as she looked up at me from where I just pushed her down.

"MMm... Yes.. fuck me. Make me yours." 

I lean down and drag my tongue across her slit, pulling another noise from her chest. I glance up and see she put a pillow on her mouth to muffle her sounds. I grin and my tongue darts back into her nectar pot. The sweetness of her body is incredible. Giving the inside of her thigh a long suck, I work my tongue across the flesh leaving a hickey. Standing up my hands pull her to the edge of her bed, rubbing her slit with my cock head. I feel the heat from her vagina as I watch the pre-cum seeping slowly from my cock head. I start to push my dick inside of her. I know I may want to savor this feeling later, but I'm so close I couldn't wait. Grabbing her legs while moving onto the bed I slide inside with a single movement. Her mouth opens an noiseless gasp. I lean forward and start to fuck her, pushing deep in, her legs wrap around my waist.

Her hands reach up, pulling me close and her she uses my shoulder to muffle herself. I give a harsh whisper almost growl, "Bite me."

Maybe she needed the extra encouragement, I'm not sure, but her teeth sank into my skin making me moan and push harder. Her nails also began to drag down my back leaving thin trails of white. I felt my cock twitch at the same time, it felt even harder than before. Her bed was shaking, almost bouncing it seemed from us. She was raising her hips to meet my thrusts as I shoved her back down into the soft blankets.

I felt her tense up as she started moaning out to me, "Oh godohgodohgod...OOOHHHH FUCK ME HARDER." 

She wasn't worried about keeping quite at this point, and I was more than happy to oblige the order of my little fuck slut. I pushed her legs up to bend her in half as far as she would go, at the same time pulling her legs together to start pounding away at her cunt, drilling into her like a jackhammer. Her moans became cries, then screams of profanities. I loved every second of it knowing this petite little bitch was coming on my cock. I felt her tense up, her pussy gripping my cock. The mixed sensations of tightness was shoving me over the edge. 

"I"m going to cum!"

"Then fucking cum! Cum in me!"

I don't think my cock needed any more motivation than that, and the sperm erupted, pushing inside, forcing out of my cock like a gang of prisoners on a do or die escape attempt. I can't remember if came that hard before, but I know I felt light headed. I moved her legs, then while kissing her I rolled her over so she was on top of me with my cock still inside of her.

"MMmm.. that was amazing sir." She whispered as her head was resting on my shoulder, my pounding heart could be felt, sending vibrations as I tried to calm down.

"Th-" I paused to catch my breath. "Thanks Sara.."

"Mmmhmm.." She wiggled her hips a little, feeling my member hard but starting to soften.

Her eyes were on mine with a grin, "Maybe we should head back now if you're done looking around my room."

"Uhh.. yeah. But I might get lost again later." I say as I watch her slide off of me and put her outfit back on. With a grin a wink, she walks out the door, leaving it open and I hear her steps echo through the hall.