 The Resort

They got dressed and headed out the door.

She was not sure where they were headed, but was just happy to spend time with him. Even though they had just shared the intense revenge, torture fuck, and she felt proud of herself, she found that she wanted more of him.

He opened the door and let her in the car. As she sat down, she looked up and saw him coming in to kiss her. She loved when he did this to her.

They drove for a while, a long while. She was getting hungry. "Sweetie, I'm hungry it's getting close to lunchtime. Are we going to stop and eat?"

He looked at her and smiled. "Yes, I read about a great BBQ place on our way, we'll be there in about an hour. Will you be okay until then?

"Yes," she responded. "Can we talk about where we're going yet?" She was getting very curious. "Can I ask questions?" She smiled at him, hoping a little flirting would work to get him to talk.

He looked at her for a moment. He loved it when she tried to flirt her way around things. Most of the time it would work, but this time it was big, and he wasn't about to spoil the surprise.

"No, questions, I won't give any answers. At least not yet. There are other things we can talk about, I'm sure that will distract you for a little while." He wanted to kiss her concerns away, but driving made that difficult. He reached over with one hand and touched her cheek to try to comfort her, just a bit.

She could not believe the flirt didn't work this time. "Dammit," she thought, "he knows I'm like a cat, the curiosity will kill me." She felt his hand on her cheek, his touch electrified her, and she took his hand and place a soft long kiss on the palm of his hand.

"It's okay honey, I'll be fine, just give me a few minutes to distract myself."

They were on a state highway so the scenery distracted her for now. She felt the car slow down, and looked ahead to find out why. There was a sign up the road that read, Mama Bea's World Famous BBQ.

When she saw the sign, her stomach growled.

He looked over at her, laughed and said, "I've heard this is the best BBQ in this county. Let's eat."

They got out of the car and walked into the restaurant. A voice from the back called out, "Sit anywhere, I'll be right out."

The menus were already on the table between the steak sauce and the generic bottle of BBQ sauce. The kind that is homemade. They looked at the menus and waited for the voice to come out from the back.

"Hi there," came the voice, they looked up and saw an old and wrinkled woman. It was a beautiful old. The when she smiled it took years off of her face, and the smile line spoke to the joy she had had in her life. "Have you decided what you want?"

She started to speak but he gave her that look. "Don't talk." "Damn," she thought, "so much for the pulled pork sandwich that looked so good on the menu."

He looked at her, he knew she understood. 

"You must be Bea." The beautiful old woman smiled and nodded.

"Nice to meet you." Let's have a couple of beers. We'll have two racks of the baby backs, one Maple glazed, and the other your secret ones that you don't have on the menu." He winked at her. She didn't know he called ahead to find out about those. "Oh, and can we get some of the house sauce on the side?"

Bea smiled back, and said, "You've made the perfect choice. You're gonna love these. I promise"

While they waited, he looked into her face to see if he could read what was going on with her. She was nervous he could tell, she was like a cat, the curiosity would kill her. He reached over and took her hand. "I'm going to discuss with you a little bit of what might happen this weekend." He looked into her face can could see the relief in her face and felt her hand relax.

She sat waiting, trying to figure out what was going on. She was tense, and felt unsure. He looked at him and saw his gentle look on his face and he took her hand. Again, the electricity, she didn't think he could see it, but every time he touched in such a gentle way, she could feel her heart melt. He told her he was going to talk to her about the weekend. She felt a sense of relief, she relaxed.

Just as he was getting ready to speak, Bea brought them their beer and some bread to tide them over until their food was ready. "Here, ya go, beer and bread. There is some honey butter and regular butter." She looked at him as though she was going to say something and he looked at her, a knowing look crossed her face and she left them to their bread and beer.

He waited until Bea left, he turned to her and started to speak. "Honey, we're going to a resort for two nights. I have made some plans for us, there are going to be many activities. I've made some assumptions on your part, however, nothing is written in stone, and you can change anything on your part at any time, for any reason. I don't want to get into specifics, because I want you to be as surprised as I am, and what can, might, and/or will happen. Our safety is my biggest concern. We both know our safe words. But our safe words are absolute. Meaning that any activity will stop, until it can be discussed. What we need to do right now, is discuss some additional words, that will ensure we have a fun, happy, and safe time over the next couple of nights. Do you understand so far?"

She looked a little confused, "No, not really. I understand about our safe words, but I'm not sure what you mean about additional words. Are we going someplace where our safety will be a concern?"

He smiled, "No sweetie, our safety is assured. I'm talking about where we will be going mentally and physically between ourselves. We will be experiencing new things, if for any reason you do not feel safe emotionally or physically we need to put in place some words that will help us better understand where we are going in any given activity. With me so far?"

She shook her head, "No honey, I'm not sure what you mean. Do you mean that our safe words won't be enough?"

"Our safe words will always be enough, under all circumstances." He squeezed her hand. "What I'm saying is that we need some additional words that will help us understand better, where we are in a scene. For instance, when I was using ice on you, you could have used your safe word at any time, and I would have stopped. But because it was an activity that we knew would be a possibility, there would be no question about whether or not there would be any grey areas. However, if we had not discussed the possibility before, and if you weren't sure if you wanted to continue you could use a different word that would mean to me, like yellow, that would mean slow down, I'm not sure about this activity. Or if I were not sure, and I had to ask if you are okay, and wanted more and were not ready to stop, there would be a different word, for instance, forward. Does that make more sense?" He was still holding her hand, he wanted her to feel secure, he did not want her to be afraid.

She listened to him, wondering just where would they be going that they would need to add all of these new routines to their play. She was getting a little nervous as she listened to him tell her these things. "Honey, I understand the concept. But I'm getting a little nervous. I don't understand what we might be doing that will change how we play. I thought that the way we were doing this was working just fine. What on earth could we possibly be doing that these things would need to change?" She felt him squeeze her hand.

"Honey, there is no reason for you to be concerned, you know I would never let anything happen to you right?"

She nodded, "But," he would not let her finish. He put his finger to her lip. 

He had to ask, "Do you trust me to take care of you? Do you know that I will not let anything happen to you?"

She nodded again.

"Okay," he replied, "I'm going to ask you to trust me. I'm not going to go into detail, I want it all to be fresh. However, I have chosen my words and I will give them to you now. My word for activity to slow down is, amber, and my word to keep going is. pepper. Let's eat, you can think about your words and tell me when we get into the car. When we get where we're going, you will understand and we will discuss things in more detail. Are you okay with that?"

"Yes, I am okay with that, for now. But you know how I don't like being not being in control, the suspense is killing me." She smiled at him nervously, and placed her hand over his hand in her hand. The electricity was almost overwhelming now; she could feel herself getting moist. "Baby, I'm hungry and horny, and I want to get where we're going. I'll think of the words and tell you when we leave. Can we eat now?"

Just as she said those words, Bea came out with two large plates full of food and a small soup cup full of the house BBQ sauce on the side.

He grinned at her, and gave a knowing glance at Bea. Bea set their plates on the table, "enjoy and take your time, the dinner rush isn't for a couple of hours, and I'll be busy in the back getting ready for it. If you need anything help yourself, or just holler and I'll come running." She winked at him, turned and disappeared into the back of the restaurant.

They began to eat without speaking. He watched her carefully. She had large luscious breasts, and whenever they had BBQ, sauce would always drip onto the top of her breasts, no matter how hard she tried to be careful. 

She started to eat, started with the cornbread, buttering it, setting it on the plate. Then she buttered her corn. She loved BBQ but it always ended up dripping on her breasts and there was no way to stop it. She reached for a rib, and started to take a bite. "This is good," she thought, "but it would be better with some of that sauce on it." She was trying to figure out the best way to do it. She didn't want to dip, that was always the messiest. She decided to use a spoon and see if she could just drizzle enough to taste it, but not to drip. She dipped her spoon in the cup of sauce and drizzled it on the rib in her hand. "So far, so good," she thought, "now if I can eat it without dripping, it'll be great." She almost regretted wearing this tank top, it was deeply low cut. All she wanted to do was turn him on with her cleavage, she knew how he enjoyed looking at it.

He was hungry and wasn't going to stand on any type of ceremony. He grabbed a rib, dipped it in the sauce and began to eat. As he ate, he watched her with a chuckle in his eye. He loved how she went about getting her food ready to eat. Everything in its place, and ready before she would start eating. Then she did it. This is what he was waiting for, she grabbed a rib, and looked at the sauce with some trepidation. He knew she didn't like to eat BBQ away from the house. The low cut tank made it doubly hard on her. He watched her face as she decided on a spoon to dribble BBQ sauce on her rib. As she dribbled the sauce on the rib and a little of the sauce dripped onto the plate. She set the rib down and reached for the green beans, and spooned a generous helping on her plate. He loved how meticulous she was about getting things in their place, but sometimes he just wanted to stick a finger in things and swirl them just to get a rise out of her. When he did this, she would fluster, then look into his face, see his smile and melt into laughter. He was hoping she would feel the same way when he did it this time.

She looked at her plate. "Yes, this is going to be a good meal," she thought. She felt him watching her and she looked up. He was tearing into a rib, sauce on the corner of his mouth, and piece of cornbread in the other hand. She smiled at him. She laughed at how easy it was for him to just go after it, eat like there was no tomorrow, no fear, no cares about who might be watching. "One day I'm gonna do that," she thought, "just not today." She was hungry and wanted to start with the rib, but the sauce was drippy, so she decided to start with the green beans instead.

"Everything okay over there?" he asked. Looking at her with a big grin on his face. 

She looked up after she took the bite of green beans. "Yes, it all looks very good. Is there something I'm not seeing?"

He shook his head, "No sweetie, but for all the preparation, you could be eating already. You really do need to try the ribs, they are as good as I was told."

She snickered at him, "I will, you know me, I'll get to it." With that, she picked up the rib on her plate with both hands and began to take a large bite off of it. Just as she did, sure enough, it happened. A large drop of sauce landed just to the side of her cleavage. She grabbed her napkin to wipe it away, but he stopped her.

He reached over, and gently took her hand to stop her from wiping the sauce from her breast. "Leave it, " he said sternly. "Don't worry about it, leave it there, and continue to eat."

She could tell by the tone of his voice that this was not a suggestion, but a request. She stopped, and continued to eat. She sampled everything on her plate and returned to the rib. She as she took another couple of bites, there were more drops that landed on her breasts. She would start to wipe them, and remembered, he told her not to clean them up.

They had small talk over the meal, they chatted about the decorations in Bea's Place wondering where or when a certain picture was taken, or a nick-knack purchased and placed.

He watched her continue to eat, noticing that she moved on to other foods, then back to the rib, remembering not to wipe. "This is going to be so good." he thought. He had finished eating, she barely noticed that he had a full meal by the time she returned to her one rib. He watched as she finished her rib, greedily looking at the drops on her breast. 

She loved to work her way around her plates in bites, first corn, then beans, bread, then meat. When she was done, she looked at him, then into his eyes. "Uh oh, I know those eyes, something's up," she thought.

"How did you like the food sweetie, did you get enough?" He asked, he had been watching the sauce on her breast and was very excited at this point, but he did not want to rush anything.

"Very good, and yes, it will hold me over until dinner" she responded, "can we get some of this sauce to take home?" She knew the question fell on deaf ears. His mind was not on the food anymore.

"Good, I'm glad you liked it." He stood up, walked over to the door, locked it, and turned the open sign so it read closed. He walked back to the table and sat down. "Honey, I want you to go to the bathroom, take your purse, remove your underwear, and return to the table. Do you understand?"

She wasn't prepared for that, but now she understood why he asked her to wear this skirt. "Yes, I understand." She rose from the table, went to the bathroom. While in there, she used the facilities, made sure that she everything was in order. She removed her underwear and put them in her purse. She left the bathroom and returned to the table. When she arrived he stopped her from sitting.

"Stop, stand at the end of the table." He was getting an erection just thinking about what he wanted to do, but he did not want to rush it. "Lift your skirt, I want to make sure that you followed my directions."

The door was locked, the store sign said closed. He assured her that he would never do anything to hurt or compromise her. She loved him so much, the trust so deep that there were no second thoughts. She lifted her skirt so he could view that she had removed her underwear as he had instructed.

He smiled, he loved her so much, that she would do this for him touched him. He looked into her eyes. "You are doing so well, baby, I am so proud of you. We are going to love this, I promise."

She smiled at him. She loved him. She was a little embarrassed holding her skirt up. But she waited, she knew he would take good care of her. She shivered a bit in anticipation, she had no idea what would happen next.

He saw that she had removed her panties per his instruction. "I want you to come and sit on the edge of the table. Keep the skirt lifted as you do." She moved to the edge of the table, but stopped a little short. He reassured her, "The table is stable, get up and sit down, do not put the skirt down."

As she sat on the table, he leaned over and licked the bbq from her breasts. He felt her shiver. He reached behind her taking the small bowl of the BBQ sauce and moved it to her side. He took her feet and placed them on his knees. He dipped his finger into the BBQ sauce, hovered his finger over the top of her pussy and let a couple of drips fall, just above the hood over her clit. He used his other hand and slid a finger inside her pussy. He heard her moan, that was all he needed. With his finger inside her pussy, but he did not go further. He licked the sauce from his other finger. He removed his finger from her pussy, and looked up into her face. "Honey, I am going to ask you to take a leap of faith with me. I am going to introduce you to a new sensation. Our safe words are absolute here. If I don't hear yours then I will know to continue. If I do, we will stop. Will you trust me with this?"

She looked down, and watched him drip the BBQ sauce on her, she wasn't sure why, and then she felt his finger in her pussy, and she just melted. His touch was electric, she could not resist him. When he licked the sauce and removed his finger and it was as though the breath had been pulled from her. She listened to what he said, she wanted to nod yes, but she also needed to breath. She took a moment, caught her breath, and thought about what he had asked her. He asked her to trust him. She would always trust him. She nodded, and remembered, she had to use her words. "Yes Sir, I trust you."

With her words, he made his move. He dipped his forefinger and middle finger into the BBQ sauce. He made sure that they were covered in sauce. He took his finger with sauce and started at the top of her pussy, and dragged the two fingers down around the mound and over the lips of her labia. He knew what would happen, but she didn't. This would be when he expected her to use her safe word.

She waited, sitting back, relaxing, trusting him, then she felt it, his fingers her pussy, rubbing her clit, and sliding fingers into her pussy. He pulled his fingers away. That is when she felt it. The spices from the BBQ sauce started to tingle. It didn't hurt, but it touched her clit, and it made it jump. There was a heat she was not used to. "Is this what he thought might bring a safe word moment" she thought?

"Sir, may say something?" Even though she felt the sauce getting a little hotter, it was not hot enough to change her mind.

"Yes, you may." he responded. Sort of knowing what it would be, but allowing her, her process.

"Sir, the sauce is spicy, but not in a bad way. I am fine to proceed with this and I will not use my safe word here."

He was thrilled at her words. He wanted to proceed with the BBQ sauce before they left the restaurant. His desire to taste her this way had been in his mind for a long time.

He slipped his fingers into the sauce and continued to push the sauce into her pussy and around her clit for his pleasure. Seeing her on the table with her skirt around her waist was more than he could handle.

As he was doing this, he looked into her eyes, you're going to love this. I promise;

He pushed his fingers with the sauce on his fingers into her pussy. At first, she just moaned from the heat. But with the stroking of the g-spot, she began to move to get her orgasm.

She loved when he played with her pussy. He fingers were a perfect fit. He always knew just what to do. She watched as he reached around her and get more BBQ sauce on his fingers, and put his fingers between her legs and into her pussy. She looked down into his eyes. Her pussy started to tingle more, the same way the sauce tingled in her mouth. It felt good, almost like a little vibrator. Her clit was getting excited, it wanted some attention. His fingers in her pussy felt so good, he was rubbing her spot, and she started to get close and was pushing her body against his hand. "I need to cum," she thought, the tingling was becoming very intense.
