 I'd known Sarah for years. Saying that, I hadn't seen her for the last twenty or so. Back then we'd gone out for some time and then, somehow, we'd drifted apart. Maybe it was my work, who knows, I can't remember now. In those days we were both thinner, younger, and free. Now as I met her again, I didn't look at her figure, I just remembered the insecure, but clever girl, I'd known years ago. I remembered that she'd been very naive, especially sexually. Not that I'd been much better.

It was a party at a friends house, it was summer and it was one of those times where you're surrounded by good friends, sharing a few too many bottles of wine and some good conversation. Sarah was the life and soul of the party, attractive, clever and witty. Before I knew it, it was very late and everyone was talking about going their separate ways. As Sarah lived quite a distance away, and seeing I lived reasonably close, I suggested that she could stay at my place for the night. It wouldn't be a problem as the spare room was vacant. She accepted the offer and we set off over the fields to my place.

During the walk we discussed some of what had happened to us over the years. She'd been in and out of relationships and now had a five year old daughter. Me, well my story wasn't much to tell, too many failed relationships and even a failed marriage behind me. 

Fifteen minutes later we were rounding the corner into the avenue where I lived and I realised that there was a strange car outside the house. We got to the door and I was completely taken aback when it was answered by my brother. Ohh damn, I'd forgotten that he was coming over and that I'd offered to put him up for the night. I knew he was flying out in the morning, but I couldn't remember where to.. or when.

John and Sarah exchanged pleasantries and then John excused himself, saying that he'd have to be away by 4am to catch his flight. As it was now about 3.30 I figured we'd wait till John went then I'd change the spare bed and Sarah would be able to get some sleep. To keep me awake and for the sake of something to do I offered to get us something else to drink. Sarah agreed and we took our wine out to the patio. Now as we sat alone talking quietly I realised that she was really quite a lot larger than I'd thought earlier. She was also very attractive with long flowing strawberry blonde hair, hazel eyes and an amazing set of breasts. I certainly hadn't remembered those from years ago. With her freckles, and even though it's the wrong sex, she reminded me of a lion somehow.

All of a sudden, John stuck his head out and said that he was off. I jumped up and saw him to the door, saying that we'd speak in the next few days. He said goodbye and then wandered down the drive to his car. I turned, locked the door and then went back out to the patio. It was starting to get light as we finished our wine and I said that sleep was definitely calling me. I wandered towards the spare room, trying to remember where I'd put the spare sheets. Just as I was about to rip open all the drawers, Sarah came into the room and made a suggestion. "Look, don't worry about this now, why don't I just curl up next to you in your bed"

"Are you sure" I replied. 

"We're both tired and I've slept with you before" she said. 

"Okay, I don't mind if you don't".

Sarah headed off towards the bathroom. Just as she was about to open the bathroom door when I remembered that I had a spare tooth brush. "There's a spare brush in the cabinet and you should be able to find everything else you need" I said. 

"No need" came the reply, "I've already got everything I need with me". 

"I'll be upstairs using the on-suite" I said as I ascended the stairs.

I stripped to my boxers and washed and brushed. Turning off the light, I entered the bedroom to see that Sarah had beaten me to it. As I pulled back the sheets to get in, I realised that she was wearing one of my shirts and appeared to be already asleep. I gently eased myself into the bed and within minutes I joined her in the land of dreams.

I awoke to feel my boxers being slowly removed, but as is often the case I couldn't figure out whether I was dreaming or not. I stayed quiet and still, realising by now that it was daylight outside and that this wasn't a dream, Sarah was indeed trying to gently remove my boxers. Sarah succeeded in getting my boxers down and then started lightly blowing on my semi sleeping cock. Then the light blows changed to tentative licks. I then realised that the shirt that she'd been wearing had also suffered the same fate as my boxers. My tool was starting to wake. But did I want this? Did I really want this ex, playing with my cock (and my mind)? Then, where the mind stops, nature took over. I was going to get some action whether I wanted it or not. 

"Are you enjoying yourself down there" was all I could think to say. 

"Couldn't resist" came the reply. "I need my ration of cock and cum." 

My eyes went wide, at least they would have if I'd been fully awake. Was this that same naive girl that I remembered from the past? 

Her lips engulfed my semi erect cock and my mind went into hyper-drive. As my erection hardened, she started to work her hands and mouth up and down my cock, sometimes lightly, lovingly, and then sometimes like her whole air supply depended on my cock. The suction was amazing, intoxicating and breathtaking. Then she took it really deep, deep into the depths of her throat. It certainly couldn't be described as tender, but it was the most effective, mind blowing blow job I'd ever had. I came, my cum not even hitting the back of her throat, more like hitting her stomach. I came with an intensity that I hadn't known before. I relaxed, exhausted whilst she continued (now tenderly) to work me with her mouth, trying to draw every last drop from me. 

Eventually she let me go, then started to ascend the bed, manoeuvring herself as she did onto me. I started to feel her weight smothering me. She wasn't the lithe vixen my mind was imagining under the sheets, this was a big girl. The feeling as her head reached the same level as mine was indescribable. Like being enveloped in her. As her hands reached for the sides of my head, I realised that I wasn't in control of this, she was. She was using her weight to dominate my every move. She grinned, then locked her lips to mine, letting me taste myself. Her kisses were like the blow job, intense. She was eating me.

As if she'd had her fill of my lips, she started to move again, further up the bed. As she did, she reached over to the side of the bed and delved into her bag. She moved up and presented one of her tits to my mouth. My god, her nipple was enormous. "Suck it" she commanded. I started to gently suck and worship her nipple and almost immediately she  moved her hand to feed her huge mammary into my mouth. "Bite it, bite my nipple like you want to" I couldn't resist. Her huge, hard nipple was between my teeth and she held the threat of stuffing half of her chest into my mouth. I was in heaven. This wasn't some skinny, bony female like my ex wife, this was all woman and the pleasure was hers for the taking.

Within minutes, she started to moan and then moved to place the other breast for me to suckle. Without further instruction I proceeded to gently bite her other nipple. "Harder" she moaned. I complied, enjoying the sensations, savouring every moment. 

All of a sudden she moved again, up until she sat on my chest, her cunt inches away from my chin. I gazed up to look at her, realising just how large she was, her weight constricting my chest. "Well I've had my breakfast, now you're going to get yours" Before I had chance to think, she moved further, pinning my arms down with her legs and proceeded to sit her cunt onto my face. "Lick me" she said. "And lick me good"

Her cunt was hot, soaking, and very sweet. I couldn't resist even if I'd wanted to. She was bearing her weight on her knees, her shins still pinning my arms down. It was at this point I realised my cock was rock hard again and that I couldn't even wank myself. All I could reach were her arse cheeks, her huge arse cheeks. She shuffled forward a little more and started to grind her clit against my nose. Although her moaning was increasing she managed to say "Do you want to lick my arse" before she again moved until her puckered hole was over my lips. She then revealed what she had reached for earlier. A vibrator. 

"Lick my arsehole you bastard, stick your tongue in there" she said as she brought the vibrator down to play on her clit. I was laid there, my visual senses filled with a vibrator on her clit, the taste of her must on my tongue and the smell of her sex filling my mind. Then her moaning started to increase and all of a sudden, she exclaimed" I'm cumming". She moved back quickly and her pussy started to squirt onto my face. "Drink me" she said and I gladly opened my mouth to accept her sweet juices.

She was still squirting as she started to shuffle backward down the bed. I started to feel cheated as I wanted to drink more of her come. She hovered over my cock as the last of her juices dripped onto my now raging hardon. She reached down and quickly checked I was hard, wiping her juices round my cock as she did. "Now for your treat" she said.

What!

She sank down, still holding my cock and then presenting it to her arsehole. The resistance was incredible, but what with her weight and the lubrication of her pussy juices, eventually my bell end penetrated her outer ring. Then she slowed, then lowered herself again. I pushed up and pushed past her inner ring. It was exquisite, the heat, the tightness, the pressure. She sank fully, I realised that she was no longer using her knees but was now resting her whole weight on my cock and was using her feet for balance. The vibrator was turned on again and pressed to her clit and I was so very deep into her arse. Is there anything better than this feeling I wondered. She then leaned back and slid the vibrator straight into her cunt.

My god, this wasn't a dream, this wasn't sex, this wasn't lovemaking, this was a fantasy come true. Once she had the vibrator inserted, she leaned forward and started to move her arse up and down on my erection. The feeling was incredible. There was no way I could last. "I'm gonna cum in your arse" I moaned. Then it started again. As my cum shot into her arse, she started to gush. But this time it was heavier, faster, and more copious. She shuddered, convulsing and shaking, she then planted her hands on my shoulders. "Fill me you bastard" she said. "I want your cum in my arse". I did my best. String after string of cum shot into her hot bowel, whilst the contractions of her arse tried to milk more.

My erection subsided and again I realised her weight. She rolled forward and again engulfed me with her body. Her lips sought mine and she kissed again. This time tender and loving. My cock retreated and lay there, exhausted and embarrassed. She rolled off me, her ample chest still heaving.

"Where did that come from" I asked

"Some of us big women are sexy and want to be known as such. We all have a place in this world"

I laid back, contented, satisfied and truly converted. I would never look at big girls in the same way again.