 I smiled at the girl at the car rental counter as I picked up the keys to the GT350 I had rented, but I was thinking about getting out of the airport and getting to the Vegas BBW Bash. The Mustang's powerful V8 rocketed the car out of the parking lot and toward the strip where the hotel was hosting the bash.

Besides being excited about seeing Las Vegas for the first time, I was excited about meeting Kelli, a woman who liked reading my BBW stories and who would be at the bash, too. I had gotten in too late to catch her while she was modeling for one of the merchandise vendors, but I was looking forward to seeing her dressed as a pirate wench for the party tonight. I parked the car in the hotel garage, walked down to check in, and then up to my room to take a quick shower before heading out to find the party.

The place was a wonderland if you liked big girls. There were all shapes and sizes of women dressed from conservatively to wildly. It didn't take me long to spot my pirate wench in the foyer outside the party. I saw her red, gauzy skirt and black leotard-like top caressing her tall, curvy frame from across the room, and then when I saw her beautiful features in profile, framed by her blond hair, I knew it was her. I took a minute longer to enjoy looking at her, from her painted toes in sandals to her round bottom and soft tummy up to her voluptuous cleavage.

I walked up behind her, smacked her lightly on her sexy, slightly jiggly bottom and said, "where be me rum, wench?" She turned around with a start that turned into a giggle when she realized who I was.

"You're lucky you got the right pirate wench," she said with a smile. "You might have gotten in trouble smacking somebody else on the bottom like that."

"Or it might have been the start of something beautiful," I teased her with a grin as I held the door of the party room open for her and watched her walk gracefully past. I took her hand as we walked over to the bar and ordered drinks and then we found a place to sit where we could see what was happening at the bar and on the dance floor.

We sat and talked about our respective trips there and how we liked the hotel and then I told her what I had been thinking. "You're even sexier and more beautiful than in your pictures. I'm glad I got to meet you."

She smiled at me and we got up and moved out to the dance floor and we held each other as we swayed to the music. I whispered in her ear "did you do what you were supposed to do?" She blushed a little bit and nodded and then put her head back on my chest. 

"Can I check?" I asked her and she smiled and nodded, so I ran my hand down from where it rested on her back, slowly over her ass and to the hem of her short skirt. We were dancing in a dark corner as I slid my hand down under her skirt and back up her leg. I could feel the heat and moisture from between her legs and then a trickle of moisture on the inside of her thigh as I slid my hand higher. 

I leaned in to kiss her as I teased the skin at the tops of her thighs and she moaned into my mouth as our tongues flitted across each others' lips. I pushed my hand through where her thighs touched and gently rubbed her wet, bald pussy and she sighed into my mouth as her knees buckled slightly. I steadied her with my other hand and looked into her eyes.

"I think that's so hot that you went bare for me," I told her. "I want to lick up some of those juices I can feel."

"I think I need a tour of your room," she said softly, so I took my hand out from under her skirt and put my arm around her waist as we left the party room and walked toward the elevators.

In the elevator, we wrapped our arms around each other and kissed softly and then more deeply and urgently, our tongues playing with each other. I slid my hand down and cupped her round, soft ass and used it to press her thighs harder against mine. She parted her legs slightly to let my leg go in between hers so I could feel the heat of her pussy on my leg.

The elevator doors opened and I led her down the hall to my room, unlocked the door and let her in. Once we were in the room I kissed her again, then led her over to the bed and gently pushed her backwards onto the bed. I lifted her feet up onto the edge of the bed as she kicked her shoes off and then I lifted her skirt up over her thighs.

"Baby, I can't wait any more to taste your sweet pussy," I said as I looked up at her from between her knees with a smile. I lowered my head and ran my tongue up the inside of her thigh, making her shudder. I licked my way up her velvety thigh and then slid my tongue between her pouting pussy lips. She gave a gasp and a little wiggle on the bed as I gently started to lap up her juices.

I had a steady rhythm going in time with the little grunts she was making as I darted my tongue up and down her pussy lips and into her increasingly wetter pussy. Suddenly, I ran my tongue all the way to the top of her pussy and swirled it around her clit. Her back arched, her thighs clamped down on my head and she let out a yell that could have been heard in the lobby. I kept up the swirling motion up on her clit until I could barely keep her still on the bed as she bucked and wiggled. I wrapped my forearms around her thighs and grabbed them with my hands and pressed my tongue against her swelling clit as hard as I could.

She bucked her pussy up against my mouth one final time and I could feel it pulsing on my tongue and the juices flowing out of it as she let out another series of cries and then collapsed on the bed, breathing hard. I was out of breath, too, and lay there with my head cushioned on her soft tummy while she ran her fingers through my short hair.

"Oh, I love being ravaged by a pirate," she said. "Is there anything your wench can do for you?"

"Yes, wench," I said, "I want to get you naked and put some of that pussy juice to good use."

We sat up on the bed while I helped her pull her skirt the rest of the way off and she pulled her blouse over her head. I didn't want to break my eye contact with her magnificent breasts, but I did long enough to pull my shirt off and get rid of the rest of my clothes. My cock was bobbing in front of me and she stroked it gently as I leaned over to kiss her and caress her breasts. She reached behind her and undid her bra and helped me pull it off of her.

I kissed her again and then trailed my tongue across her chest to suck one of her nipples into my mouth. She moaned in pleasure as I felt it plump up in my mouth. She tightened her grip on my cock and I was reminded of what I had wanted to do since I first started talking to her.

"Kelli, baby, I want to fuck you so bad. Get up on your hands and knees for me," I said with a smile. She smiled back and spun around on her hands and knees to present me with her luscious ass and her sopping wet pussy. I knee walked over behind her and rubbed my hand across her ass and then slid a finger into her pussy. She moaned and arched her back toward me, so I rubbed my wet finger on the head of my cock and put it between her waiting pussy lips.

"Oh, yeah, please," she said with a gasp, as I slid my cock the rest of the way into her hot, tight hole and began to stroke in and out. Watching my cock stroking into her hot pussy while her ass quivered and she began to pant rhythmically made me harder than I'd ever been and I enthusiastically increased the rate at which I was fucking her sweet pussy.

Suddenly her panting started to increase and the tone of her gasps got higher and I felt her velvety pussy start to pulse around my cock. She shoved back against me as hard as she could and let out a little scream as I felt her juices dribbling down my balls and my thighs. I tried to stroke into her again and she jumped as my cock tickled her sensitive pussy.

"I'm sorry....." she started to say, but I shushed her and told her to hold still because I had another idea. I pulled my dripping cock out of her pussy and used my fingers to dab up some of her juices and used them to lube her puckered asshole. I positioned my slippery cock against her bottom and pushed gently and slowly as I felt her let me in her back door.

She was so tight back there, but with all the lubrication from her pussy I slid in easily and heard her sigh happily as I began to stroke in and out. Between the visual stimulation of watching my pirate wench squirm on the bed and the physical stimulation from her hot ass, I felt my cum bubbling up from my balls and in only a few more strokes I emptied what felt like a pint of cum into her waiting ass.

My cock shrunk and slipped out of her ass and we both collapsed on the bed. We kissed softly as we cuddled together. I said, "I think we better get in the shower. You've got two holes I haven't cum in yet." She giggled and slid off the bed to lead me into the bathroom.