 I was standing outside the building one day at work. A co-worker of mine named Dan walked over to me.

"Do you like her?" He motioned over to a heavy woman we worked with.

"She's not bad," I said to him.

Dan went on to say that a group of his friends get together once a month and party with some larger women.

"It's a fetish of ours," he said. "Do you want to come along sometime?"

I do admit to liking women with big tits. I had never been with a really fat female before. I was horny at that time. I hadn't been laid in months. I quickly told Dan I would show up at one of his parties. Two weeks later I found myself in this large barn-like building out in the country. Dan was right. Here were a dozen or more white women all on the plump side. 

Most of them were already in a state of undress. As a matter of fact, a couple of them were looking at me and smiling. I didn't have to do a thing. One redhead walked over and said her name was Gwen.

"I'm Matt," I told her.

There were mattresses laid out on the floor. She took me by the hand and led me over to one of them. Gwen stripped out of her large top and her panties. She got onto her back and spread her fat thighs for me. This was it. I stripped out of my clothing and joined her on the mattress. Gwen wanted me to go down on her. I got between her thighs and lowered my face.

Gwen didn't need much lubrication. She was already sopping wet. I began to lick her gash. This made Gwen quite vocal. I ended up pushing two of my fingers into her pussy. Gwen wasn't the only woman getting loud. I heard the cries of a few woman as they were getting excited from having their lovers work on them.

My fingers and mouth were soon coated with Gwen's juices. She needed more than just oral.

"Give me your cock Matt!" She pleaded with me. 

I crawled in between her fleshy thighs. I took hold of my hard cock and I rubbed my head against her pussy lips. Gwen couldn't take it any more. She reached down and guided my cock to her opening. I quickly sunk into her hot quim. My dick made this squishing sound as I pushed into her the whole way. Gwen screamed as she wrapped her fat legs around me. 

I have to admit that this was a totally hot experience for me. Gwen would push back on me every time I entered her. 

"Fuck me harder!" She yelled out.

I would pull out and then slide my bone in the whole way. Our pubic mounds would rub together every time I pushed in. Gwen placed her hands on my waist. It was like she was holding on the best way she could. I did look around to see what was happening. There were fat women mounting their lovers and other couples in the missionary position.

It got loud from fucking noises being made. I pounded Gwen as hard as I could. I lowered my mouth and started to suck on her large nipples. That really got Gwen stirred up. I was getting into a fuck lust myself. I just wanted to drill Gwen with my fat prick. Gwen was gripping me hard with her pussy muscles. I was holding back the best I could. 

I did bring along condoms but everything happened so quickly. Here I was fucking this large woman with my bare cock. Gwen was soon panting like a dog on a summer's day.

"I need you to cum in me Matt," she pleaded.

By this time that's all I wanted to do. We managed to continue for a few minutes longer. I was so close now. My nuts were pinching. I finally lost control. I shot my load of spunk into Gwen's big belly. Gwen's eyes went big when she felt me spray my seed into her pussy. She milked me hard, making sure she got every drop of my cream out of me.

I had a large load saved up for just this occasion. I coated her pussy walls with my white cum for many minutes. Some of my seed was spilling out and running down her crack. This was some of the hottest fucking I had ever experienced. We didn't just stop suddenly. I slowed down and kept stroking Gwen's cum filled pussy. It got to the point where Gwen's body was shaking from the fucking she just took.

I rested my spent cock inside Gwen. We both tried to compose ourselves. When I did pull out my cream came running out. Gwen got to her knees. She brought my cock to her mouth and cleaned off our love juices. We collapsed there on that mattress. We ended things by a long session of touching and kissing. I kissed her erect nipples again. Gwen said she had even more orgasms that way.

I had no idea how long we went at it. It looked like the other couples had orgasmed as well. There were towels available to get cleaned up with. Everyone slowly got dressed and the party seemed to be ending.

"Will I see you here again?" Gwen asked me.

I said that I was a guest. I didn't know if I would back or not. Everyone began shuffling out of the building. Dan saw me and approached me.

"What did you think of our group?" He asked.

"I could do this again," I told him.

He laughed and said we would see about that. It did end up I was invited back. I didn't pair up with Gwen however. Another woman named Cindy approached me. She had long dark hair down the middle of her back. She wasn't as large as Gwen but her tits were huge. We found a mattress and Cindy mounted me. She did most of the work that night. 

She rubbed her pussy against my dick to get me hard. Once I was erect, she lowered herself into my staff. Cindy was like a wild animal. She craved cock in the worst way. I would raise my hips every time Cindy lowered herself. I had my hands on her large ass at first. Later I gripped her big melons with my hands. That got Cindy revved up.

"Pinch my nipples!" She begged me.

I rubbed the palms of my hands against her tits at first. I then used my fingers to pull on her nipples. God, how she squealed. It was more of the same. I used my bare cock on her pussy. I hosed her pussy good with my sticky seed when we came together. Cindy collapsed onto my chest when we finished fucking. 

I did find something out. The various members weren't supposed to hook up away from these parties. That didn't stop lovers from getting together on the side. Cindy and I exchanged phone numbers and now we get together on a regular basis. A couple times a week Cindy is in my bed. I am taking her pussy on a regular schedule. We have even talked about breaking away and just being a couple together.

I never got back with Gwen. I heard from Dan that she was upset that we didn't hook up again to fuck. For me, it all worked out perfectly. I have my big lover Cindy to take care of me on those cold evenings when we fuck.