 Chapter 02 - Gina

So, where was I? Oh yes, reminiscing about the big beautiful women I have encountered in my life.

After Annie moved away, I spent the next couple of years basically celibate. Annie was gone and it seemed that I was always either at school, working or studying. Life had become a bit of a blur and as a result my opportunities for any sexual contact were extremely limited. I did have a couple of dates with fellow students, but they never developed into anything.

It was in my final year at college that things took a turn.

The basement suite that Annie and I had shared was no longer going to be available to me and I had to scramble around to find other accommodations. As luck would have it I spotted an ad on the school bulletin board for a small basement suite only a short walk from the campus. The house was owned by Ted and Gina Walker.

Ted was a long haul trucker and Gina had a home business doing bookkeeping for several of Ted's independent trucker friends. They appeared to be in their early 40's and had two daughters aged 19 and 20 who had recently moved out to live with boyfriends. They had converted the basement, where one of the girls had been living into a suite and I was fortunate enough to be the first to answer the advertisement.

Gina was a knockout. She was Italian with olive skin, long dark hair and dark fiery eyes. She also had lots of curves in all the right places. The day we met to sign the lease Gina was wearing a summer dress that clung to her body. It was cut low so that her ample cleavage was spilling out of the top. I had to work hard at not staring at her boobs while we went over the papers. 

I moved in and had been there for two months when I was invited to a Sunday dinner that I will remember forever.

Sunday was always a day that I didn't work at my part time job and usually spent my time relaxing and doing a bit of studying. I had gone out for a short jog that morning and when I got back to the house, Gina was struggling with a big box she was carrying to the garage. Being a gentleman, and wanting to be near her, I quickly approached and offered to give her a hand. Over the next 45 minutes I carried out seven or eight heavy boxes of books and things that she had packed up while doing a thorough cleaning of the house. 

She was dressed in jeans and a tucked in t-shirt that really showed off her big breasts. Her nipples were noticeable in the cool morning air as they pushed hard against her shirt. Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail and even without makeup she looked really good. We laughed and joked around and she said something about how nice it was to have a strong man around to help.

As I finished putting the last box in the garage and was about to head into my suite, Gina called me over and asked, "Do you have any plans tonight, I am by myself and I was going to make some pasta for dinner and having you over is the least I can do for all the help you have been?"

I told her that I was just going to be finishing off a short midterm paper that was due on Tuesday, but would love some good home cooking. 

She told me to come up any time after five and we could have a glass of wine before dinner.

Her invitation suddenly had made the prospects of what was going to be a boring day look very rosy. At the very least I was going to have a homecooked meal in the company of a sexy lady.

I spent a couple of hours working on my paper, then showered and dressed and headed out to the restaurant where I worked to wangle a good bottle of wine from my manager. He gave me a bottle of Villa Doria Barolo, which was well above my budget, but I thought, "What the hell".

I knocked on Gina's door at 5:05 and my jaw dropped when she opened the door and I saw how beautiful she looked. She had done her hair and makeup and was wearing a white blouse that was tight against her big breasts and had enough buttons undone to show off her cleavage. Her jeans clung to the curves of her wide shapely hips. As she gave me a hug to greet me I could smell the subtle scent of flowers from her perfume and those full breasts sure felt good as she pressed against me.

She smiled brightly and said, "Come on in and make yourself comfortable, I have some wine open on the counter. Pour yourself a glass while I finish the sauce." She looked at the bottle that I had brought and exclaimed, "Good choice mio amico!"

I poured a glass of wine and we chatted in the kitchen as she went about preparing the sauce. I couldn't keep my eyes off her gorgeous body as she moved about. I am sure she saw me checking her out, but she didn't seem to mind and she actually seemed to be moving in ways to show herself off. 

She asked lots of questions. "What was I taking in school?" "What were my aspirations after graduation?" "Did I have a girlfriend?"

I told her about my courses and that I was planning on travelling after I graduated as I was not 100% sure what I wanted to do. I lied and told her that life was too busy for girls right now, but that I did have a "friend" who had moved away a couple of years ago that I still kept in touch with.

The dinner was delicious and we both had a glow on as we neared the bottom of the second bottle of wine.

As we sat on the couch after dinner and Gina started talking about herself. She told me she had been a bit of a "wild child" as a teenager and that at eighteen Ted had knocked her up. They had a quick wedding and the baby was born before she was twenty. She got pregnant quickly again and soon found herself a young mother with two young kids. Needless to say, this wasn't the life she might have planned, but she adapted and raised two beautiful daughters and after taking some courses was able to do alright with her own little book keeping business.

She also told me how her life was a bit lonely, especially now that the girls were away and Ted was always on the road. Now, I am not 100% sure how the conversation drifted to sex, but it did, and Gina started telling me that she was really frustrated in that department. She said that when they were young and first married, she and Ted had a great sex life, but the last few years things haven't been so good. She complained that Ted is away too much and when he is home he says he is tired and doesn't seem too interested in sex at all.

Of course I blurted out, "God Gina, if I was married to you, sex would always be the first thing on my mind, you are gorgeous!"

I can't remember exactly what she replied, but the next thing I knew, we were entangled together on the couch, kissing and groping one another. My hands ran over her lush body, exploring every curve and turn. 

Now while things with Annie were good, and the sex had been great, it sure hadn't prepared me for Gina. She was a tigress and knew what she wanted. While sex with Annie had been sweet and innocent, Gina was like an animal in heat. 

Clothes were thrown off and we were quickly naked. Gina wanted to fuck and wanted it "right now". I stammered something about protection, but she said "don't worry". She guided my rock hard cock into her hot wet pussy and I began fucking her hard and deep. Gina lifted her hips to meet my thrusts as her nails raked my back. "Fuck me, fuck me hard Eddie!" she cried, "Pound me with that young cock!"

She rolled us over and moved on top, riding my cock as her big tits swayed in front of my face. I reached out and cupped them, lifting up to try and capture a fat nipple in my mouth as I thrust my hips up to meet her movements. My lips found their goal and I sucked one of those big hard tips into my mouth and nipped at it with my teeth causing Gina to let out a yelp of pleasure. She ground down on my cock, the lips of her pussy clenching around my flesh.

The sensations were overpowering. This was hot hard uninhibited fucking and I loved it. The room was filled with the sounds and scents of sex. I slid a hand between us and found Gina's extended clit with my fingertip. At my touch she lost control, crying out in pleasure, her hot cunt clenching my cock as the waves of pleasure broke over her body. I felt the gush of her juices over my cock and with a last hard upward thrust I came. Hot jizz exploded from my cock, shooting deep inside and a deep growl of pleasure escaped my throat. Gina fell forward and I wrapped my arms around her, holding her tight as we bathed in the afterglow of incredible sex. We lay still, my cock still inside of her as our bodies slowly recovered from the intense pleasure. Finally my cock softened and slipped from her. She rolled onto her back beside me and as I looked over at her I saw the wicked grin on her lips. 

Nothing was said for several minutes until Gina broke the silence with, "You're a good fuck Eddie, it's going to be great having you downstairs to call on when Ted is out of town." 

And with that she moved to me, kissing my lips and then slowly working her way down my body until my cock was in her mouth and she was breathing new life into it. In no time she had me fully erect and I mounted her. We fucked more slowly this time, the sweet sensations building gradually until we both reached the pinnacle of pleasure once again. It was quite a night and when I finally made my way back to my suite around midnight, my body was spent and very satisfied. 

After that night, fucking Gina became a regular affair. When Ted headed out of town, Gina would call and I was happy to oblige. Gina taught me the art of fucking, using positions that I hadn't thought possible. I especially loved fucking her from behind, pumping her doggy style while I squeezed her dangling breasts and pinched her fat nipples. She was insatiable and every time we got together we did it multiple times. 

One thing that became a turn on for both of us was when Ted would call. Gina brazenly would answer the phone no matter what we were doing. I remember her holding the phone with one hand while she stroked my cock with the other, or the time she carried on a conversation while I was down licking her hot wet pussy. The chance that Ted would maybe catch onto what was happening just added to the excitement of the moment for both of us. 

But all good things must come to an end. As final exams approached, we both sensed that the affair was almost over. We talked about it and knew that after I moved away that things just wouldn't be the same. And so, after one incredible night of fucking, we lay in the bed and agreed that it would be our last. We held each other and then kissed softly before I headed downstairs for the last time.

Gina had been a wonderful teacher, someone I will never forget. She had expanded my perspective on sex and made me anxious to seek more....