 Sandy

As I continue to reminisce about the Big Beautiful Women in my life, I would be remiss if I didn't tell you about Sandy.

After graduating from college, I started working for a small firm in Northern British Columbia. One of the other employees was a lady named Sandy Watson. She acted as receptionist, secretary and office manager, all rolled into one. 

Sandy was around my age, which at the time was twenty three. She was a very quiet girl, seeming almost shy when at the office. She was around five feet six tall and had what one might describe as a heavy build, although it was difficult to tell because she always wore loose fitting clothes. There was little doubt however that her boobs were substantial in size. She had a pretty face with big brown eyes and a pleasant smile. She seldom wore makeup and her brown hair was long and straight and hung all the way down to her ass. One might describe her appearance as almost "hippyish". 

In any event, for the first few months, other than saying "good morning" or talking about things strictly to do with work, I didn't have much contact with Sandy. Little did I know that was going to change in a big way.

Now let me put this story in perspective. This happened quite a few years ago when I was a young buck just starting out in my career. It was in 1979, well before the age of digital cameras and the widespread use of personal computers and the like. My hobby at the time was photography and I had been given a 35 mm Pentax SLR as a graduation present. I had taken some photography courses during college and had also learned to develop my own film. Not to blow my own horn, but I took some pretty good pictures, several of which I had enlarged and had on the wall by my desk at the office. Others in the office, including Sandy, had complimented me on the pictures. I lived in a two bedroom apartment and had converted the second bedroom into a home office and had curtained off a corner to use as my darkroom.

On my days off I spent my time hiking the trails along the river and taking pictures. One Saturday afternoon, I ran into Sandy out on the trail with her Golden Retriever, 'Bowie'. We stopped and chatted and I asked if I could take some pictures of her dog. She was thrilled and said sure. I took a bunch of shots of Bowie and a few of Sandy and Bowie together. I told her I would develop them that night and give them to her at work on Monday. She suggested that I could drop them off Sunday at her place and she would treat me to a beer. She gave me her address and we headed off our separate ways.

That night I developed the photos and several had turned out exceptionally well so I made enlargements of them. One of Sandy and Bowie, with the river in the background was especially good.

Next day I headed over to Sandy's place around 1:00 PM. She was happy to see me and was thrilled with the pictures. We cracked a couple of beers and sat in her living room chatting. It was really the first time I had a conversation with her. We hit it off and by the third beer, we were laughing and joking and having a really good time. She was totally different from what she seemed at work, funny, witty and way more outgoing.

I found out she had been on her own since she was eighteen. She had grown up in the Maritimes in a big family. After graduating high school, she had moved out of her parents' home and gone to work as a secretary for a company in Halifax. That company had downsized and so she had ended up in B.C. She had a couple of live in boyfriends over the last few years, but was currently unattached. 

Both of us were getting a little buzz on and Sandy asked me to stay and have dinner with her. 

She made us a couple of delicious sandwiches and we ate them as we sipped another beer.

Now I must tell you, Sandy was dressed differently than what I was used to seeing. She had on a tie dyed tee shirt and baggy jeans. To say that he boobs were large would be an understatement, for they were huge. Every time she moved they swayed and it didn't take a detective to know that she was braless. Now if you have read any of my previous stories, you will know that I am a self described tit man and I love big soft breasts. It was pretty obvious to Sandy that I was checking them out.

After we ate, Sandy asked if I wanted to do a hit of grass with her. Now I had tried pot a few times in college, and could take it or leave it, but already having a glow from the beer, I was more than willing to take her up on her offer. As we sat on the couch, sharing the doob, I leaned close and gave her a kiss. She didn't pull back and quickly our tongues were playing and my hands were all over those fantastic tits.

In no time I had pulled her tee shirt up and off and had my face buried in the deep cleavage. 

I moved my lips to one thick hard nipple, rolling my tongue around it and sucking it into my mouth. Sandy was moaning softly and her fingers caressed my hair as she guided me from one breast to the other.

I spent a long time enjoying those beautiful big globes of flesh before sliding my lips down to her belly. I moved around and as my tongue swirled in her belly button, I undid her pants and slid them downward. She lifted her hips to help and quickly she was naked. I kissed downward, expecting to encounter silky pubic hair, but was surprised to find that Sandy's mound was as bare as a baby's bottom. I had never been with a woman who shaved her pussy and it really turned me on.

I spread her legs and began pleasuring Sandy with my lips and tongue. My time with Annie several years before had given me lots of practice in the art of cunnilingus and in no time I had Sandy writhing on the couch with her breath coming in short pants. Sliding two fingers inside, I concentrated on her extended clit, teasing it with my tongue and sucking it softly. Sandy's hot juices were absolutely gushing against my face and fingertips. She was crying out, urging me on.

"Fuck yes!" she moaned, "Lick it, suck it; eat my hot cunt!"

Now I had never heard a woman use the "C" word before, and it just added to my excitement. She sure was not the quiet shy lady that I saw at the office every day. I felt her fingers grip my hair as her body shook. I kept ministering to her as she spasamed over and over. Finally she pushed me away, her body going limp and she lay back on the couch coming down from the highs of her multiple orgasms.

I just knelt there, looking at her and smiling, my hand lightly caressing her legs. I had a feeling that there was more to come and I was ready for whatever the evening had in store.

After a few minutes, Sandy looked at me, grinned and said, "Don't you think you are a bit overdressed?"

I realized that while she was naked, I was fully dressed. I quickly remedied that and pulled off my shirt and jeans. Sandy's eyes went to the bulge in my white briefs and she licked her lips as she moved to me.

It was her turn to please, and she did not disappoint. She took my briefs by the waistband and slid them down, letting my hard cock bob free in front of her face. She leaned forward and rolled her tongue around the fat head of my cock, then pushed me back onto the couch and knelt between my legs.

She looked up into my eyes and with a wicked grin said, "Would Ed like his cock sucked?"

Before I could say anything, Sandy's lips engulfed me and began sliding up and down the shaft of my cock. As she sucked me her fingers found my heavy sac and she began massaging my balls. She was a talented cocksucker and her tongue swirled around my flesh as she took me deep into her wonderful mouth. I was moaning and my hips raised as the head of my cock touched the back of her throat. Slowly she pulled her lips up, exerting pressure on the underside of my shaft, making me squirm with pleasure.

I felt her fingers slip lower and as her lips moved on my cock, she began running one fingertip around the rim of my asshole. I tensed a bit as her fingertip pressed inward, and gasped when she pushed it deep inside. I was moaning and totally under her control as she moved her lips and finger in a symbiotic rhythm. I could not hold back and I cried out in ecstasy as my cock exploded. Hot creamy cum shot into Sandy's mouth and down her throat. She moaned around my shaft as she sucked me, milking every drop of cum from my loins.

She continued suckling my cock until I began to soften and then she let it slip from her lips. She looked up at me and winked, running her tongue around her lips to show me she had enjoyed it.

I pulled her up and we kissed deeply, the taste of cum still lingering on her tongue. I held her tight as we savored the pleasures of what had just occurred. I told her how incredible she had been and that I had never had anyone put their finger in my ass before.

Sandy giggled as she said, "Really, I love ass play!"

She told me how her last boyfriend had introduced her to anal sex and how much she enjoyed being fucked in the ass. I blushed as I told her that I had never fucked a woman that way.

She laughed and said, "Well Ed, then you are in for a real treat tonight!"

With that her hand moved to my cock and she began slowly stroking it as we kissed. She slid down and began sucking me again until my cock was nice and hard. Then she got down on the floor on all fours and told me to fuck her.

I moved behind her, my cock slipping easily into her hot pussy and began pumping her with a nice steady rhythm as my hands played with her dangling tits. It felt so good, but my mind was racing as to what was coming next.

I moved one hand away from her breast and brought a fingertip to the pucker of her ass as my cock moved in and out of her dripping wet pussy. She looked back and grinned at me as I pushed my finger into the tightness. Things were really hot for me and I hoped that I could hold back and enjoy this new experience.

"Put it in my ass, Ed!" she exclaimed, "Fuck my ass!"

I needed no further coaxing and pulled my shaft from her pussy and guided the fat head to her dark star. When I hesitated, she pushed back against me, letting me know she wanted my cock in her ass. Slowly I entered her, feeling the tightness of her sphincter as my cock pushed forward. It was a sensation I had never experienced and it felt so good. Soon I was fully into her ass and she was moaning and fingering her clit as I began fucking her. My cock moved in and out, sinking deep into her bowels. My body was flushed and my breath was catching in my throat. I moved faster, gripping her hips as I passed the point of no return. With a loud cry, I came, flooding her with my hot jizz. She too began to whimper and soon her body shook as a flood of pleasure overtook her. My cock was squeezed tight in her ass as she came and I moaned at the sweet bit of pain that mixed with the pleasure. I held her in my arms until my cock slipped from her ass and I rolled onto my back on the floor beside her.

Sandy leaned over me and brought her lips to mine. We kissed again, long and deeply, our naked bodies pressed together. 

That night was just the beginning of a yearlong affair. That affair, these many years later, is still etched vividly in my memory. Once again a big beautiful woman had been my conduit to new ways of experiencing the pleasures of sex....