 Ch.04 - P & J

Over the years I have had the pleasure to experience the 'company' of a number of sexy big beautiful women. If you have been reading my stories, you will know about Annie, Gina and Sandy who were the first three.

Sandy and I had a steamy affair that lasted just over a year until I accepted a job offer in Vancouver. Sandy didn't want to move to the big city, so we amicably parted ways and I was off to new adventures.

Here I was, just 25 years old and single, with a new job and great prospects for my career. For the first year I immersed myself in my job, striving to get ahead. Oh, don't get me wrong, I wasn't all work and no play. I made some friends and enjoyed some good times, especially on the weekends at the downtown clubs. There were some great one night stands at my apartment, but I never got too serious about dating.

While initially I had a small one bedroom apartment in the city's West end, I eventually moved into better accommodations in a converted house in the Kitsalano area near the beaches. The old three story house had been converted into three flats. I had the flat on the main floor. I also was able to use part of the basement as a studio/darkroom for my photography hobby. As time went on, I started a sideline business on Saturdays and Sundays taking doing portrait photos. I advertized by word of mouth and while I didn't get rich doing it, it did enable me to purchase better equipment. 

A few times, I did what I would term "sexy shoots" for women who wanted to surprise their husbands or boyfriends. While there was no full nudity, I did do sessions where the ladies were scantily dressed or wearing sexy lingerie. I got pretty good at those types of shoots and as the word got out, I got more and more requests for them. 

So that brings me to Penny and Joan. Penny was close friends with a lady who I had photographed wearing just sheer panties and bra. She had seen the photos and called me and asked if I could do some pictures of her and her partner together. When she said her partner's name was Joan, I was intrigued and agreed to a session on a Saturday afternoon at the end of the month.

Penny and Joan arrived just after 1:00 pm and I poured them a coffee in my apartment and we discussed what they wanted from the shoot. I should tell you now that Penny and Joan were plus sized ladies in their early forties. Both were about 5' 5" tall and both were very curvy with full breasts and sexy round bottoms. Penny had dark hair and big brown eyes, while Joan was a redhead with striking green eyes.

After showing them some samples of my work, Penny asked if I would be willing to do some more risqué type shots. I told them I was pretty open and would do whatever they wished. I learned that they were a couple, not lesbian, but bisexual, something I hadn't encountered before. They wanted some shots that they could share with friends, but also wanted some private ones just for themselves. I was really anxious to do this shoot as the idea of the private shots was making me horny. This was before the days of digital cameras so they felt more comfortable having me take and process the shots than just doing some themselves and taking them to the drugstore for processing.

We finished our coffees and moved down to the basement studio. I showed them where they could change and I went about setting up my equipment. I heard the ladies giggling as they got ready and I had an inkling that this shoot was going to be very interesting. 

When they came out Penny was in a long see-through white negligee with matching lacy panties. Joan wore a short negligee in emerald green. Their ample breasts were quite visible through the sheer material. Penny's tits were slightly bigger than Joan's and her nipples were dark and very prominent. I could feel myself getting aroused from just being close to so much gorgeous flesh. 

We started the shoot and I first did some solo shots with each of the ladies. Both were very relaxed and eager to move into positions that showed off their charms. Joan was the quieter of the two, while Penny was always making comments, some bordering on vulgar. It was obvious right away that both were very sexual. When I suggested that they might want a few with just the panties on, they had no problem with baring their big tits for my camera. 

Without a doubt, this was the hottest photo session I had ever done and it was getting hotter by the minute. It really heated up when I started posing them together. It seemed that they couldn't keep their hands off one another. At one point, Penny started pinching Joan's nipples to "make them stand up better". When I posed them with Joan behind and Penny in front, Joan slid her hand down to rub Penny's mound over her panties. 

After their tops came off again, I suggested some shots of them pretending to kiss and suck each others' nipples, but there was no pretending, they were really into it. I just let them go and kept snapping away. I think they were getting off on performing for me and pretty soon both were naked on the rug with Penny's face buried between Joan's legs.

"That's hot girls," I said, moving in for some close-ups. 

As I leaned over Joan from behind to get a good shot of Penny's tongue on her mound, Joan's hand was suddenly on the bulge in my jeans giving me a squeeze. It was right then that the photo session ended and it became all about sex.

In no time my clothes were off too and I began running my hands over their bodies while Penny got serious about licking Joan's hot pussy. My cock was rock hard and I was in heaven being with these two luscious women. Joan's fingers were wrapped around my shaft and when I moved around to give her better access she quickly took me into her mouth. 

It was somewhat surreal. It was me and two gorgeous women, both naked with one sucking my cock while her pussy was being licked by the other. To say it was hot was an understatement. Joan certainly knew her way around a cock and her fingertips teased my sac as her talented lips and tongue worked their magic on my rigid shaft.

My eyes roamed over Penny's lush body and lingered on her round bottom that was pushed up high as she ate Joan's pussy. I pulled my cock from Joan's hot mouth and moved around behind Penny, dipping down and kissing the cheeks of her gorgeous ass. She wiggled her bottom as I did and I slid my tongue down through the crease of her ass, over her dark star and down to the sweet wet lips below. I started fucking her with my tongue, tasting her hot wet pussy. I glanced up and saw Joan was grinning, obviously enjoying the view and the way Penny was moaning against her slit.

I moved up, taking my cock in hand and bringing it to Penny's pussy. As I did I heard Joan say, "Yes, fuck her! Give it to her hard!"

With that I thrust into Penny, grabbing her hips as my cock moved in and out. Joan was playing with her nipples as my cock thrust into her partner. The room was filled with the sounds of sex, Penny and Joan moans mingled with my own grunts of pleasure.  

Penny raised her head and looked back at me with a smile. I could see Joan's mound, and it looked so inviting, the wet glistening slit framed by curly red hairs. I pulled my cock from Penny and moved so that I could fuck Joan. I mounted her and as I did I saw Penny move to squat over Joan's face so that Joan could lap at her already dripping slit.

My cock pounded into Joan as I pumped her with a strong steady rhythm. This was hotter than anything I had ever experienced. I pulled out and dropped down to taste that beautiful red pussy. I grabbed her bottom and my tongue was buried deep into her dripping wetness. As I pleasured her this way, I felt Penny's hands on my ass and then her tongue flicking at the puckered rim of my asshole. 

From that point, things became a blur. My cock moved from mouth to mouth, pussy to pussy until as Joan sucked my cock and Penny was licking my balls I passed the point of no return and cried out, "I'm cumming!"

Joan's fingers wrapped around my shaft and she pumped my cock as it shot gushes of hot jizz into her mouth. Penny moved up and pulled my cock from Joan and took the fat head into her mouth as the last spurt of cum shot from me. She suckled me until every drop of cum was drained from my balls; and then she looked up, grinned, licked her lips, winked at me and said, "Guess the photo shoot will be complimentary?" 

I smiled as I lay back feeling very satisfied. The two ladies cuddled their lush bodies into me and we enjoyed the afterglow of the great sex we had just experienced.

The photos I took that day were pretty hot and Penny and Joan were happy, but decided that they wanted a few more explicit ones for their private collection. We had a second great "session" a few weeks later and I was more than happy to act as a "stunt cock" for some of the shots....