 A dim bar, some sultry blues playing in the background. A door swings open and I walk out dressed in a schoolgirl outfit and black leather boots that zipped up the back. My tongue flicking across a bright red cherry lollipop. 

Slowly sucking it into my mouth as I pause in front of you. I look you in the eye and wink as I skip off, my innocent looking ponytail swinging back and forth in time with my hips. I get to the stage and toss the candy aside. I walk up the steps and grab a hold of the cold metal pole in front of me, wrapping my leg around it and slowly singing around in a complete circle.

I reach and grab the pole behind me and slide my way down. The husky female voice in the background singing turns me on and you can see my nipples harden under my flimsy white t-shirt. I raise my body up along the pole, feeling the once cool metal now warming up against my ass as I slide up. Reaching for the rail in front of me, I grab hold and pull myself forward to it. I grab the hair tie holding my ponytail in place and pull it out of my hair, leaning forward over the rail and throwing my head back, allowing my hair to now fall naturally around my shoulders and down my back. 

My pelvis thrust forward with this movement now sits against the rail in front of me. You are directly in my line of sight and I hold your gaze as I see the want and desire hiding behind your eyes. 

The music changes to something slow and sensual. I look around the bar and see all the eyes watching me, I begin to descend the stage and walk through the bar slowly, stroking the cheek of this man or the thigh of another. I finally reach the spot where you are sitting. The look in your eyes would burn me if it were a tangible thing. The way you are looking at me causes my stomach to flutter as I reach over and place my hands on your shoulders. I slide in between your legs, your thighs resting on my hips. I begin to swing my hips back and forth to the music. 

I move into you a bit closer and I can feel the heat radiating from the not so subtle bulge in your jeans. I lean forward and you can feel my hot breath in your ear, "I want you." I whisper as I blow in your ear and pull back. My hands fall from your shoulders and brush your cheek as they fall to your thighs. 

I turn around so my back is now to you and look at everyone in the bar watching me, wishing they were you right now. I move backwards till my ass is resting on your lap and begin to grind. You feel my hands tighten on your thighs as you begin to feel just how wet your hard cock is making me. I close my eyes and shut out the world. It's now just you and I. I feel you move your hands onto my hips and further press my ass onto your needing cock. I let a man slip through my teeth as I am now biting on my lower lip. I know that If I don't stop, right now, I will cum where I stand. 

I move away and turn back around, leaning forward into your shoulder and slowly run my tongue along your ear, blowing on it and sending a shiver down your back before whispering for you to meet me after the bar closes. Softly I kiss your cheek and make my way back to the stage.

Once again the music changes to something more upbeat and rockish and as I pass the bar the bartender already knows what I want and hands me a pitcher of ice water. I carry it up to the stage with me and place it on the floor. 

I start to unzip the back of my skirt and it falls around my ankles in a heap. I step out of it and kick it aside. This reveals a black lace thong which stands in stark contrast of my white t-shirt, which is tied and knotted just below my breasts. I turn my back to the crowd and drop to my knees. I can feel the many sets of eyes burning into my back and I know yours are the most intent. I lean forward on my knees and reach for the pitcher of water, which causes my ass to rise up. I pause long enough to peek over my shoulder and make sure you are getting a good view. I rock back onto my knees again, this time bringing the pitcher of water with me and holding it above my head. Random cheers erupt and I hear someone shout out "That's right baby, get wet!!". 

I lean back as far as I can on my legs, my tits pointing upwards towards the ceiling, and I slowly begin to pour the frigid water over my head, my face, my chest, my stomach. My already hard nipples are now as taut as they can be, almost painfully so. I lift my head upright and let the water that has landed in my mouth fall down my chin and over my chest. I bring my legs out from underneath me and spin around on the wet floor. I instantly find your eyes again and I wink as I lean back to lie flat on the floor.

My t-shirt now completely transparent as I bring my hand up to rest on my breast. I pinch my nipple roughly and this causes my back to lift off the floor and arch as a moan escapes my mouth, only heard by me. I hear the song and know that the end is coming and that my time is over. I slowly begin to stand up, not sure if my legs will hold for as fucking hot as I was. My cunt screaming to be touched and allowed to cum. 

I flip the dripping hair from my face and stand up. I bend over to pick up my skirt and the empty pitcher, giving the crowd one last look at my ass. I can feel something wet dripping down my inner thigh and I am not sure if it's water or if it's the orgasm I just had on stage. I'm quite sure it's a mixture of both. I make my way off the stage and through the crowd. I wink at you as I disappear back behind the door I came out of. 

--------- 

As the music dies and the bar begins to empty, the lights dim and the dancers are making their way out to cars and cabs. You notice that I haven't come out yet and see that the door is slightly ajar, as if inviting you to peek though. You walk back to the door, looking around to make sure no one is watching you, and you slip inside unnoticed by anyone, including myself. 

You begin to close the door behind you and it creaks. You stop becoming motionless, and listen to see if anyone else heard it. I continue packing up my things and you close the door completely. 

I have my back to you, bent over, packing a small trunk. My ass only clad in a thong and my breasts only covered by a sheer bra. I kneel down and grab a sweatshirt and jeans to put on and zip the bag closed. I slip the sweatshirt on and you watch as the fabric covers my breasts and then my stomach. I pick up the jeans and place one foot in, and then the other, having to wiggle a bit to get into them because they are nice and tight. I get them up my legs and over my ass and button them closed. 

You notice how the tight denim accentuates my ass and hugs it tight. You look over at a chair next to you and notice a loose piece of fabric sitting by itself and pick it up. Wrapping the silky material around your fingers, you approach me as I lean down and pick up my bag. 

Placing your hands above my head and lowering them to my face, I gasp just as I catch your reflection in the mirror. You have a crooked grin on your lips as you bring the fabric over my eyes and tie it behind my head. I don't know if I should trust you or not but something in your eyes makes me feel comfortable enough to go along with this. 

I relax.

You see the door in the back of the room and lift my bag to your shoulder. Placing your hand on the small of my back, you guide me out the door and into the crisp, chilly night air. I can feel the heat from your hand on my back in contrast to the cool air on my face and I shiver slightly. You stop and I hear your keys jingle as you unlock the car door. You take my bag off your shoulder and place it in the backseat. Opening the passenger side door you spin me around and place my back against the frame of the car. 

A roaming hand reaching down and grabbing my ass, my nerve endings are on fire as I'm still turned on from the dance I had given you. I sharply inhale as you pin me up against the car. I can feel your hard cock press into my hip. The breath I was holding now coming out as a moan through my lips. You take my arms in your hands and hold them to my sides as your mouth takes command of mine. I can feel your tongue pushing into my mouth and searching out mine. Playing and teasing as if you were a hunter finally taking your prey. 

You release my hands but tell me not to move them. I feel one of your hands reach up the back of my neck and grab a handful of hair, while your other hand seeks out a hardened nipple just begging for attention. You pull my face to yours and bite my bottom lip before you begin to work your way down to my neck. You nibble slightly on my ear and then onto my neck itself. You feel my breathing quicken as I begin to grind my hip against your cock. 

The silence of our little world is shattered as the sound of the last remaining patrons leave the bar and make their way to waiting cars. You slide me into the waiting passenger seat and close the door. Slipping into the drivers seat next to me, you close the door and shut out the rest of the world. I begin to ask about my car and you quickly tell me not to worry about it. I slink back into the seat and do my best to calm down. 

You turn the key and the engine roars to life. You back out of the parking lot and turn onto the road. Once on the road, you reach over and lift my sweatshirt and playfully pinch my nipple, keeping it hard and aching for more. Your teasing assault stops and you continue to drive for another 15 minutes or so. The music on the radio, the sound of the engine, the vibration from the car, the whisper of things to come. It's almost too much and I begin to feel that familiar urgency between my thighs.

I reach my hand out in the darkness and fumble around until I find your throbbing hard on. Jesus, your cock is so hard and ready to come out and play. All of the sudden I feel the car stop and the engine die down. 

You lean over and whisper in my ear "You don't know how long I've been looking forward to this." An involuntarily shaking begins in my knees, but not from fear, instead from anticipation. The heat from your breath on my ear causes what feels like an inferno to stir up in my cunt. Your mouth once again seeking out mine as my hands reach up and grab the back of your head, forcing the kiss even deeper. 

You pull away and I whimper softly. I hear the driver side door open and close. Opening the passenger side door, you reach down and take my hand to help me out. Quickly closing the door, you reach down and grab my ass, using it to guide me up a walkway and through the front door. 

I hear the lock click behind me and we continue on to another room. You sit me down on a silky soft couch and I hear your footsteps walking away from me. Suddenly a soft music fills the room and I hear some rustling in the corner. The smell of sulfur fills the air as you strike a match and a sudden rush of heat hits me and I realize you've started a fire. Moving to the other side of the room you grab my bag, which I did not even realize you had brought in, and unzip the closure. I hear you sorting through the contents until you find what you are looking for. I hear the bag zip back up and I'm going crazy not being able to see what's going on! 

As if you read my mind, you walk over to where I am sitting and I feel the blindfold being removed from my eyes. I blink a few times trying to adjust to the new lighting. I am finally able to focus and see that you are holding the schoolgirl outfit I was wearing earlier in your hands. You ask me to put it on and place it on my lap. In your other hand you are holding the cd that I had used. 

I realize what you want and I stand up to begin to undress. You turn your back and proceed to the stereo, placing the cd in the holder and closing the lid. I slip into the skirt and t-shirt, which is still wet and does nothing to hide my still hard nipples, and while your back is still turned, I remove my thong and toss it to the side. 

You turn back around in time to see me sitting on the couch zipping up my boots. I stand up and pull you to the couch. Pushing you down, I hear the music start. 

No pole, no crowd, no rules. Just you and I, alone, finally. 

I turn playfully and bend over for you to see that I have nothing underneath my short skirt. The look in your eyes takes on a new tinge. One of lust, of desire, of predator. I turn to face you and slowly come to you, slipping my leg in between your knees and spreading your legs apart just enough for me to slide in. I begin to move with the music and I look down to your lap. Your jeans are struggling to contain your growing prick and I kneel down and undo the top button, trying to release some of that pressure. I slide the zipper down, my hand gliding along the outer edge of your cock as I do. I stop there and regain my standing position. 

I turn so that my back is to you once again and sit down on your lap, grinding my ass along your growing cock. I can feel your hands biting into my ass cheeks as the wetness from my pussy starts to spread to your jeans. The overwhelming smell of raw sex fill the air and it's exhilarating. I push my ass against you one last time before turning around, placing a knee over each of your thighs and straddling your lap. I lean in and find your mouth, greedily taking your tongue and teasing it as if it were my life-force. You deepen the kiss and move your hands up to my shoulders, leaning me back so you can lean forward and move your hands to my head. 

You reach up and grab a handful of hair, and with the not so gentle tug you give me, my mouth is pried away from yours as my head is forced back. I groan in delight as your mouth attacks my neck, kissing your way to my shoulder you nip lightly. You lift me from your lap and place me on the floor. 

Your hands ripping away my t shirt and bra, letting them fall around my shoulders. You leave the skirt on me, but lift it so it's resting on my hips. You kneel down and sit in a straddle over me. I begin to wiggle under your weight and the look you shoot me only makes the wanting worse. 

One of your hands darts out and pinches an exposed nipple followed by a not so gentle slap. My head falls back and my eyes close as I soak in the amount of sexual tension in the room. You rise up from straddling me and begin to undress. I watch as you rip your shirt over your well toned shoulders and throw it aside. Your hands returning to slip out of your pants and boxers. 

There you stand, above me, your cock standing out, my mouth watering to feel it between my lips. I reach up to remove my skirt and you demand that I leave it on. My hand moving further south until I come into contact with a heat that so badly needs tending to. I slowly begin to work my hand over my own wetness and I can see that you enjoy watching. 

I smile as I slip a finger into my waiting cunt and cover my digit in my own juices. Slowly removing it, I bring my finger to my mouth and slide it between my lips, licking every drop off. I look up and see you stroking yourself over me. The sight of you doing so causes me to find my protruding clit, applying enough pressure with each stroke to almost instantly make me cum. The look in my eyes was screaming "FUCK ME NOW!!", but with a wave of your hands you make me stop touching myself. 

You tell me to place my arms at my sides and I do as I'm told. You continue to stand over me, just looking. You appear to be taking in the scene in front of you. My hair splayed out on the rug below, my eyes filled with lust and need, my lips which are slightly parted. I lick them slowly before biting my lower lip and sucking it into my mouth. You continue to gaze down my neck to my chest, which is still heaving from the overwhelming need to get off, my exposed tits and the nipples standing straight up of each one, down my stomach and onto my freshly shaven pussy. Your stare stops there and you lick your lips a bit.

I watch as a drop of precum forms on the head of your cock. You avert your gaze and continue to visually travel down my body, along the curve of my hip and over my thighs, down my legs and then you make the trip back up. Thinking about all the things you want to do now that you finally have me alone, stripped, and helpless. The hunger in your eyes drives me over the edge as an orgasm violently rips through me. 

The sight of my body writhing and quivering at your feet before you is almost too much and you look away. My breathing slows and I notice that the music has stopped. How long have I been lying here? I had no idea. You slowly lower your head to look at me once again and extend your hand to me. 

The crackle of the fire and the wind slapping the shutters are the only sounds in the house as you lift me up. You place your free hand behind my knees and carry me into a darkened room. You stealthy move about the dark room and place me down on what I am guessing is your bed. Lighting a candle I look up at a gorgeous wooden four poster bed. You push me back on the bed and lift my leg to your hip as you begin to unzip my boot and slide it off my foot, repeating this process with the other. You drop my boot to the ground and follow it down until you are eye level with my waiting pussy as you part my knees to get a full view. 

Leaning down and biting your way up my inner thigh until your mouth is just inches away from my waiting honey hole. You can see the slickness shining in the pale light that just fills the room as your tongue reaches out and quickly and teasingly flicks over my clit as your mouth moves forward to invade my waiting, wanting, and wet pussy. Your tongue continuing to work my clit as a stray finger finds it's way into the slipping heat that seems to be drawing you in. You quickly slip your finger in, and then a second and just as quickly remove it. You repeat this process just to tease me and I grab hold of the sheets beside me, bunching them up and wrapping my hands around then pulling.

I cry out and am on the verge of giving you the gift your fingers and tongue are so desperately wanting. You can feel my cunt begin to tighten around your fingers and pull them out. You stop and I whimper in want, needing more. You rise from your knees and stand in front of me and your rock hard cock happens to be in the perfect position for my mouth to barely move forward before my tongue sneaks between my lips to lick around the head just before I take your entire length into my waiting mouth. 

I begin to lick along the shaft and work my way to your balls, sucking on one before licking my way over to the other. Tracing small circles with my tongue up the length of your shaft I take all of you back into my mouth and swallow as much of you as I can down my throat. The gagging from the sheer size causing the back of my throat to tighten around your cock. I tighten my grip and begin to suck with more pressure as I feel your hands on the back of my head guiding me to a rhythm that works for you. 

I feel your hips begin to move as you start to fuck my mouth. I hear a throaty growl coming from you just as your cock shoots a hot load of cum down my throat. I begin to suck harder not wanting to miss a drop. I can feel a small line running out of the corner of my mouth and down my chin but I continue to lick and suck making sure that no more is lost.

Your hands fall from my head and your breathing is heavy and shallow. You look down at me as I lick the escaped cum from my lips and chin and smile. We both fall onto the bed, spent and worn out. I lie next to you and place my head on your chest and soon my breathing syncs to yours and we drift off to a peaceful sleep before the real fun begins ... 

---------

I don't know how long we slept for, but when I finally awoke only to find you propped up on your elbow just looking at me. I silly grin crosses my lips and your eyes have a hint of mischief behind them.

Very few words have been spoken up until this point and I'm not quite sure what I'm store for next. You stand up and walk away for a moment and I'm not really sure what to do. I sit on the edge of the bed and decide it would probably be best for me to get dressed and get ready to go back to my car when I notice you walk back in with something in your hands. It's that same piece of black silky cloth from the night before. The smile on your face is still there, yet somehow conveying a new tone. 
