 Ch. 05 - Annie II

It was a blustery late November morning when I got the phone call that Frank Livingstone had passed away. Uncle Frank had been like a second dad to me when I was growing up. Of course, if you have been reading my little stories, you will know that Annie, Frank's daughter was my first love and my first sexual experiences had been with her. Annie had moved to England to further her education and had never come back. While we had kept in touch for a few years our relationship eventually waned because of the distance and our busy lives. Almost ten years had passed since she and I had shared that basement suite during our first year in college. I still had a soft spot in my heart for her and I was hoping that she would make it back for the funeral.

As luck would have it, things were hectic at work and it was touch and go as to whether or not I would even be able to catch a ferry to Vancouver Island to attend the funeral. I worked until six on the night before the service and then caught a late ferry, arriving at my hotel after eleven.

Next morning, I was in the restaurant having breakfast and having a look at the newspaper when I heard a familiar voice say, "Hello stranger."

I looked up and there was Annie. She hadn't changed much at all and still had that beautiful smile that lit up the room. I quickly got up and we hugged, holding one another for a long time. I whispered to her as I gave her a soft kiss on the cheek, "I am so sorry about your dad."

She sat down and joined me for a coffee and as we chatted, the years melted away and that old familiarity was quickly reestablished. When she spoke of her dad, I reached across and held her hand, comforting her in this time of loss. We spent almost an hour, talking and catching up on each other's lives.

Annie was married to a lawyer and had a three year old son. Her husband and son had stayed in England and she had travelled back on her own. While I got the feeling that perhaps the marriage wasn't exactly working out like she would have hoped, I did not press the issue. 

But then it was time for Annie to go, she had to meet the family and get organized for the service. I told her I would see her there and gave her another big hug before she left. I sat then, quietly assessing the feelings I was experiencing. Of all the women who had passed through my life, Annie was the one who I could honestly say I had loved.

I spent the rest of the morning walking around the old hometown, my mind lost in memories of the good times I had enjoyed growing up here. It was funny, but most of those memories included Annie, as we had been childhood friends and our families had been so close. My own parents had passed away several years back and my older brother lived in Eastern Canada and had been unable to make it out for the funeral so I was the sole representative from our family attending. 

The service was in the early afternoon and as I sat and listened to the eulogies, my mind kept drifting back to Annie and our time together in that basement suite so many years ago. We had been young and naive and together had discovered the joys of sex. 

After the service I attended the reception and chatted with many old acquaintances that I had not seen in years. I stayed for what I felt was appropriate and after paying my respects to the other family members, gave Annie another big hug and then headed on my way. Annie had family responsibilities and I did not want to linger or be a distraction. 

I was feeling pretty melancholy, thinking of Frank, but more so thinking about Annie and wanting to be able to spend more time with her than I knew was possible. I decided to have an early dinner and then picked up a bottle of wine and headed back to my hotel room to have a drink and watch TV. 

I had nodded off and was awakened by someone knocking on my door. I got up and looked through the peep hole to see Annie standing there. I opened the door and she hugged me and said, "I didn't want to be alone tonight Eddie."

She came in and I poured her a glass of wine and we sat and talked. I could see that she had been crying and when tears started flowing again, I moved to her and hugged her tight. I held her and rocked her in my arms, gently stroking her hair. It felt wonderful having her in my arms again.

After awhile she stopped sobbing and turned her face toward mine and we kissed. Her lips were so soft and warm and sweet. The kiss became deeper and our tongues met and played together. I pulled back for a moment, looked into Annie's big eyes and asked, "Are you sure about this?"

She smiled and replied, "I've never been surer about anything for a long time."

We kissed, deeply and with more passion. My hands began to slowly roam over Annie's body, re-exploring those lush curves that I had come to know so well those many years before. I felt Annie's fingers at the buttons of my shirt, opening it and sliding her soft hands over my bare chest. Her fingertips teased my nipples as she drew my tongue deep into her warm wet mouth. 

She stood so that I could slide the zipper of her dress down and then let it fall to the floor as she turned back toward me.

She stepped out of the dress and stood there letting me drink in her beauty with my eyes. She wore a sheer black bra and matching panties and her legs were encased with dark stockings held up by a lacy black garter belt. Her body was as I remembered, full breasts with hard thick nipples pressing against the thin material of the bra. She had wide curvy hips with a gorgeous round bottom. I pulled her to me and buried my face into the swell of her belly, my lips caressing the soft smooth flesh.

I moved up, taking her in my arms again and kissing her long and deeply. As I did, my fingers found the clasp of her bra and I undid it. I began kissing her neck, feeling her shiver as my tongue found a sensitive place at the base. I slid the bra from her, letting it fall to the floor as my lips moved downward. I cupped my hands under her heavy breasts and my lips and tongue explored those ample globes of flesh. I took one nipple in my lips, sucking it, drawing it into my mouth. I could hear Annie moan as I suckled her and felt her hand in my hair, guiding me. I spent a long time enjoying her beautiful breasts, kissing, licking, sucking, and nipping.

"Oh Eddie," she moaned, "That feels so good!"

In time, I took her hand and led her to the bed, laying her down while I slipped my shirt completely off. I moved to her, unsnapping the garters from the stockings and ever so slowly sliding the stockings down and off her shapely legs. As the first stocking came off I lifted her leg and brought my lips to her toes, slowly sucking each one as she squirmed on the bed. I repeated with the other leg and then began kissing my way downward, over her calf, along the smooth flesh of her inner thigh and then blowing softly over her mound which was still covered by her silky panties. She moaned as my lips moved away, tongue sliding over the other thigh and I kissed my way back down to her foot, sucking her toes once again. 

I slid my hands down to the waistband of her panties, and ever so slowly pulled them off, revealing the dark triangle between her legs. She raised her bottom to allow me to complete my undressing of her lush body. I tossed the panties aside and slid my hands under her bottom as my lips moved to the treasure between her legs. My tongue moved up and down her already wet slit, tasting that pussy that I had known so well way back when.

I made love to her then with my lips and tongue. She wiggled and squirmed as I found the special places and slowly brought her to heights of pleasure. My lips found her clit and I sucked softly on that extended button of flesh as two of my fingers entered her dripping wet pussy. I felt her nails dig into the flesh of my shoulders and heard her cry out in ecstasy as her body quivered and shook with pleasure. 

I withdrew my fingers and replaced them with my tongue that I pushed into her, savoring the taste of her gushing hot juices. Her hips bucked as a powerful wave of pleasure shot through her body. I slid lower, letting the tip of my tongue wash slowly over the pucker of her anus. As I did, my fingertip sought and found her clit and I lightly flicked at it as my tongue moved between pussy and ass. At my touch, Annie came again, crying out in pleasure as her body shook once more. 

I loved this, giving her so much pleasure with my lips, my tongue and my fingertips. She tasted so good and I could have kept my face buried between her legs all night. I moved my lips to her pulsing clit and gently suckled it, feeling her squirm with pleasure and cry out again.

I kept at it until she grabbed my hair and pulled me away saying, "Enough!"

I smiled and moved up her body, bringing my lips to hers in a long deep kiss. She lay back, her body reviving after multiple orgasms. I watched her and my fingertips played softly with her nipples as she savored the pleasure.

After a bit, her hand came up and slid behind my neck, pulling me down to her and we kissed again. She moved, pushing me over onto my back and then she started kissing my neck and chest. Her hand moved to my crotch, squeezing my cock through the material of my trousers. She lifted up, moving down and unbuckling my belt and sliding my zipper down. She pulled off my pants and socks, leaving only my white briefs covering my body. She smiled and licked her lips as she saw the spot of precum that had seeped through the material. 

She rubbed my erection through the thin cotton and then brought her lips to the bulge, running them up and down the length of my rock hard cock. Her fingers found the waistband and she slid the briefs off, my hard cock springing free. She found it with her soft warm lips and active wet tongue. With her fingers circling the base she slowly licked up the shaft, finding that sensitive spot just under the head and flicking at it with her tongue. I let out a soft moan and her tongue swirled around the fat head, tasting the precum that oozed from the tip. Then her lips engulfed me and she took me in her mouth, sliding down my cock until it was completely in her mouth. She held there a moment and then slowly drew her lips back up.

She let it pop out of her mouth and looked up at me, smiled and said, "Love your cock Eddie!"

She went back to it, sucking me, sliding those wonderful lips up and down my shaft. I moaned and squirmed at her ministrations. And then, with my cock rock hard and throbbing, she pulled off, rolled onto her back and exclaimed, "Fuck me now!"

I moved between her legs, guiding my cock into her hot wetness. She reached out, her hands grasping my hips and pulling me to her. I began fucking her with a slow steady rhythm, savoring each deep thrust. My hands found her big breasts, squeezing them. She tilted her hips, moving against me to match each of my thrusts. Annie's nails raked my back and we moved as one, the sensations bringing us toward a crescendo of pleasure.

I felt her nails dig into my back as a cry escaped her lips and her body shook. I too slipped over the precipice and with a deep thrust I felt the sweet release as my cock exploded inside her. Our bodies clenched together as we enjoyed the powerful waves of sheer ecstasy. My arms wrapped around her and I held her tight, showering her with soft kisses. It was so very good to be in her arms once again.

Afterwards we lay together and talked, discussing what had just happened and our feelings for one another. And then we made love again, slow and unrushed, until, both of us feeling very satisfied, we fell asleep in each other's arms.

When I awoke, I was alone in the bed. I got up and as I headed to the bathroom saw the note on the bureau. As I read it, my eyes welled up with tears, for Annie was gone for good. "Ed," she wrote, "Tonight was beautiful. But you and I both know that I must return to my husband and son. You will always be in my heart but we must move on with our lives. Treasure our time together as I will and do not be sad. My plane leaves for London this afternoon and I am catching the first ferry this morning. Please be happy, Love, Annie."