 Ch. 06 - Cathy

There we were on a five day golf getaway to Las Vegas and the guys were acting like a bunch of old men. None of them wanted to stay out late and have a good time. And so that's how I ended up at the Jimmy Buffett concert all by myself. Our group was staying at the MGM Grand and the concert was in the MGM Garden Arena. As usual it had sold out well in advance, but I managed to score a ticket from a scalper and was set to the join all the other Parrotheads. Now I had been a Buffett fan for a long time and this was going to be the 10th time to see him live. I grabbed my Hawaiian shirt, put on some shorts and was off to a night in Margaritaville.

The crowd was in a party mood and Jimmy put on his usual great show. As luck would have it, my seat was beside a group of ladies who were on a girls' getaway to Vegas. As the show progressed, I got to know them a little and found out they were from Ohio and were celebrating one of the ladies recent divorce. Donna, a blond with striking blue eyes and a great set of tits, and I seemed to hit it off right away. When Jimmy got the crowd up singing "Why Don't We Get Drunk And Screw", she and I were arm in arm and her hand was down squeezing my butt.

After the concert was over, I invited the ladies up to my room for a drink. Three of them took me up on the invitation, while two others were off to play the slots. I was happy that Donna was one of the ones who came. We got to my room and I cracked a bottle of Patron and poured them all a healthy shot. We toasted Jimmy and life in general. After a couple shots, we were all in a very mellow mood. The ladies opened up and I found out that all five were divorcees and that Donna was the most recent member of their group, having her divorce become official just two weeks previously. They had all gone to school together and all lived within a few blocks of each other in a suburb of Columbus.

Now, I don't know if they planned it, or it just happened, but two of the ladies drifted away and I was alone with Donna, which was just fine as far as I was concerned. Like I told you, Donna was blond with big blue eyes and a great curvy body. She had on a pair of shorts and a Buffett tee shirt that clung nicely to her full bosom.

As I went to pour her another shot of tequila, I impulsively leaned down and gave her a kiss. The drinks were quickly forgotten and she slipped her arm around my neck and pulled me closer. The kisses got hotter and deeper and Donna was quickly unbuttoning my shirt and pulling it open. She began kissing my chest and lightly biting my nipples. Needless to say, that made me hot as hell and I started squeezing those big soft breasts of hers. I could feel the hardness of her nipples straining against the material of her tee shirt and bra.

Donna was fumbling with my shorts and being a gentleman, I paused what I had been doing and helped her divest me of all my clothes. Donna pulled off her own shirt and bra and her shorts quickly followed. She dropped to her knees in front of me and took my cock in hand and began stroking the shaft as her lips found the swollen head. She was really into it, and soon my cock was deep in her hot mouth. I grasp her hair and started rocking my hips, fucking her mouth. She moaned around my shaft, sending sweet vibrations through my body. To say that Donna was a talented cocksucker would be an understatement; her lips and tongue were truly magic.

She pulled her lips off my cock and moved up to rub those big tits against my shaft which was wet with saliva and precum. As she did I reached down and began rolling her diamond hard nipples between my fingertips, causing her to let out little yelps of pleasure. She looked up at me with those big blue eyes and smiled, obviously enjoying this as much as I was.

"I want to fuck you!" I exclaimed, brightening that beautiful smile even more.

We moved to the bed and I kneeled between her legs. Her pussy glistened with wetness and I just had to have a taste before I fucked her. I dipped down and began kissing her belly. As I did her fingers found my hair and guided me downward. I let my tongue play in the silky hair of her mound and then spreading the lips with my fingertips I began licking that delicious pussy. 

Donna squirmed and clutched my hair as I ministered to her. Her hot juices literally gushed against my face as I began fucking her with my tongue. In no time Donna lost control, hips bucking as spasms of pleasure shot through her body. Soft wails of pleasure escaped her lips as I lapped at her hot cunt. 

I mounted her then, my hardness slipping into warm wetness. It was a wild ride, Donna meeting every thrust with a tilt of her hips. We went at it like two animals in heat, my cock pounding deep, my hands reaching out squeezing her big breasts.

"That's it Ed," she wailed, "Give it to me! Fuck me hard!"

I pumped hard and fast, feeling my body flush, losing control myself as her fingers gripped my shoulders and her nails dug into my flesh. A deep growl swelled up from my chest and escaped my lips as my cock exploded with spurts of hot jizz. I kept pumping as her flesh squeezed around me, milking my cock of its full load.

I held her then, bringing my lips to hers and kissing her long and very deeply as we basked in the afterglow of the great sex we had just shared. I held her until my cock began to soften and it slipped from her. I rolled on my back beside her, looking over into her eyes and exclaiming, "Wow Donna, that was fantastic!"

She smiled that beautiful smile and then ran the tip of her tongue around her lips. She slid down and began licking my cock and balls. Her tongue felt so very good against my flesh and in no time she had me fully erect once more.

She mounted me and began riding my revived cock. She went nice and slow at first and the way she squeezed me with her muscles was a sensation I had never experienced before. My eyes followed the globes of her breasts as they swayed and jiggled with each movement. I lifted up and caught a tip with my lips and nipped it with my teeth, extracting a moan of satisfaction from her. 

Now this sexy lady must have had one ultra sensitive pussy because in no time she was crying out again as jolts of pleasure overtook her body. I lay back and just enjoyed the ride, feeling her juices gush over my cock as she fucked me. 

I don't know how many times she came, but her eyes were glassy with passion as spasm after spasm of pleasure washed through her. As her pace slowed, she grinned down at me and whispered, "Thank you, I needed that so bad!"

With that she dismounted and moved down to take me in her mouth again. She began sucking me, her warm wet lips sliding up and down my shaft as her fingers massaged my sac. I was so on the edge, and as she slipped a finger into my ass I lost it. Thick hot cream jizz shot into her mouth and she hungrily sucked and swallowed it all. She nursed my cock letting it soften in her mouth and then slid up and snuggled into my arms, kissing me and giving me a taste of the cum that lingered on her tongue.

We lay there for awhile, just enjoying the feel of our bodies cuddled together. We have dozed off for a little while and when I awoke, I needed to use the can. I extracted myself from Donna's arms and quietly moved to the bathroom. I lifted the lid and as I stood in front of the toilet, I felt Donna's body press into my back and her fingers circle my shaft. I tensed and didn't know what to say.

"Relax," she whispered, "and don't worry, I'm not into that water sports stuff, but I do love the feel of a man's cock as he pees!"

And so she held me as I took my piss, pressing into my back and kissing my shoulders. It was a totally new experience for me and one that I filed in my memory under the "like" column. I must admit, Donna was as uninhibited as any woman I had ever been with before.

We went back to the bed and fucked again. Afterwards, we fell asleep in each other's arms. In the morning when I awoke, she was gone. I never saw her again, but she was definitely a lady who I will never forget.

Later that morning, my round of golf was terrible, probably because of my lack of much sleep. When the guys kidded me about not having a good trip, I just smiled!