 Ch. 07 - Tina


Now as you know, I have been very fortunate to have met and bedded a number of great women over the years. One of the most interesting encounters was with Tina McLeod.

Tina and Duncan McLeod were a couple that I had met at a weekend photography seminar. Ralph was in a similar profession to mine so we had a lot in common and hit it off right away. Ralph was probably in his late 50's, while Tina was probably fifteen years younger and closer to my age at the time. Duncan had grown up in Scotland and had immigrated to Canada when he was thirty with his wife and two children. Unfortunately, his wife at the time couldn't adjust to the move and they eventually split with her returning to Glasgow with the kids. Duncan had met Tina about eight years ago and they had married after a short courtship. 

Tina was of Korean descent, although she had been born and raised in Vancouver. She was a five foot tall bundle of energy. She had a bubbly and very outgoing personality, quite in contrast to Duncan's fairly quiet demeanor. Tina had a round face and what one might describe as a chubby body. She had nice full breasts and a cute round bottom. She frequently wore short tight skirts that showed off her ass and her thick but very shapely legs. 

After that seminar weekend, I began socializing occasionally with Tina and Duncan. We met several times for dinner and drinks at various restaurants in Vancouver. As I got to know them, while I couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was, I noticed that they had a "different" relationship. One night when we were out together, a live band was playing and Tina kept getting me up to dance with her. She told me that Duncan wasn't much for dancing and was happy that I was with them. When a slow number came on, Tina pressed her body sensually against mine while we danced.

About three months after we met, Duncan called me and invited me to dinner at their place. While I knew that he was successful, when he told me that they lived in the British Properties, I figured that he was even better off than I had thought. 

When the night came I picked up a good bottle of wine and a bouquet of flowers and headed over to West Vancouver and up into the Properties. Their house was a modern style place with lots of wood and glass. Their view was magnificent, overlooking the water and the City of Vancouver.

Tina answered the door and gave me a big hug as I handed her the bouquet. She looked great! She wore a clingy silk red dress and matching heels. To say it showed off her body would be an understatement.

Duncan poured me a glass of wine and then showed me around the house while Tina did the final preparations for dinner. He told me he had bought it from the original owner, an architect who had designed and built it. The house had an open design, obviously set up for lots of entertaining. The main floor had almost wall to wall glass facing south towards Vancouver. Downstairs there was a wine cellar, a media room and an open games room with sliding doors leading out to the private yard that had a small pool and a big hot tub. They had used a lot of their own photographs for decoration throughout the house.

My jaw dropped when Duncan showed me the bedroom. It was huge with a king sized bed, hidden subtle lighting and more of the great view that I had seen earlier. What struck me the most however were the four enlarged photographs of Tina on one wall. The photos were of Tina in the nude laying in very sensual positions on the bed.

I guess I was staring at them, because I heard Duncan say, "She's quite beautiful, isn't she?"

"Yes, she is."

I stammered, somewhat embarrassed for having been so obviously staring at these intimate photos of his wife.

We headed back to the great room and Tina announced that dinner was served. It was a great meal, with a delicious halibut dish being the main course. The conversation over dinner was light and we shared lots of laughs. There were a number of sexual innuendos in comments made by both Duncan and Tina throughout the meal.

After dinner, Duncan poured us each a glass of cognac and we moved to the couches by the large stone fireplace. I was somewhat surprised that Tina sat on the couch beside me instead of beside her husband.

As we sipped our drinks Duncan asked, "I saw you admiring Tina's pictures in the bedroom, she makes a beautiful subject don't you think?"

"Yes," I replied, turning a bit red, "she certainly does."

"Would you like to do a photo session with her some time?" he asked.

"Who wouldn't?" I answered, with a nervous laugh.

Turning to Tina, Duncan said, "Why don't you show him your charms dear?"

Tina gave a big smile, stood up and quickly divested herself of her dress. Underneath she wore sexy black underwear, so sheer that they she may as well have been nude. She moved in front of me and slowly turned around, letting me get a good look at her wonderful curvy body.

I was speechless, not knowing what to say or what to do. Tina, noticing my discomfort, winked at me and said, "It's OK, Duncan doesn't mind, we have a really open relationship."

Duncan piped in, "Look Ed, I have some health issues and am just not able to satisfy Tina's needs, so I let her play when she wants to!"

I still hadn't said anything, and certainly wasn't about to say no, although I was having mixed emotions about doing anything with Duncan sitting right there. Tina obviously wanted some action as she dropped down on her knees in front of me and began running her hands up and down my thighs. 

Still unsure I looked over at Duncan and he smiled, nodded his assent and said, "Relax, just enjoy."

Tina's hands moved between my legs and she started to rub my very aroused cock through my trousers. She looked up at me and gave me another wink. She unbuckled my belt, unsnapped and unzipped my trousers and slipped a hand inside and began rubbing my cock over my cotton briefs. I think I let out a little moan as she squeezed the hard shaft.

Then she moved back and undid and removed my shoes, then my socks. She whispered, "Raise up" and pulled my trousers down and off. 

Next came my briefs and she grinned as my hard cock sprang free. "It's a nice one, Duncan," she giggled, "Not too big, but just a nice size."

With that she dipped her head and quickly engulfed my cock in her mouth. Her fingertips lightly brushed my heavy balls as her lips slid slowly up and down the shaft. It felt wonderful and although I knew her cuckold husband was just a few feet away; my whole focus was on Tina and watching her as she sucked me. She took my cock deep, her lips against the base while her tongue swirled around the shaft sending tingles of pleasure through my body. Then she pulled her lips up, letting my cock pop from her mouth, holding it in her hand and rolling her hot tongue around the swollen head.

She stood up and slipped off her panties, handing them to me as she turned and wiggled her gorgeous bottom at me. She moved back and lowered herself onto me, guiding my cock into her dripping wet pussy and starting to ride me while facing Duncan. I glanced over and saw that he was smiling and obviously enjoying the view of his wife enjoying another man's cock.

As she rode me she reached back and unsnapped her bra, tossing it off and freeing her big breasts. I slid my hands around and cupped them, feeling her rock hard nipples against my palms. Tina's one hand moved to her pussy and she began playing with her clit as she bounced up and down on my shaft. As she did I could feel her pussy clench around my shaft as little quivers of pleasure overtook her. 

The whole situation was surreal, me fucking Tina while her husband watched. My head was spinning, all sorts of thoughts and emotions running through it. Tina's hot cunt was having its effect on me and I started to let out little groans of pleasure as she rode me.

I felt myself about to lose control and I exclaimed, "Oh God, Tina, I am going to cum!"

With that she moved off of me and dropped down to her knees in front of me again. She took the head of my cock into her mouth and began stroking the shaft with her fingertips. In no time my cock exploded shooting spurt after spurt of hot cum into Tina's hungry mouth. She moaned around my cock as she sucked and swallowed every drop of my thick creamy jizz. She kept sucking until my cock began to soften. 

As my cock slipped from her lips she kissed the tip, looked up at me, winked and said, "Mmmmm, that was so yummy!"

Again I was speechless, unsure of what to say and I heard Duncan ask, "She's quite the girl, isn't she?"

"She most certainly is" I replied, and I leaned down and gave her a soft kiss on the lips.

Later, as the three of us sat naked in the hot tub sipping a drink and talking, I started to feel much more comfortable about the situation. It was apparent that Tina and Duncan had a wide open marriage and that he enjoyed watching his wife with other men. Since it had been my first time having another man present during sex, let alone the woman's husband, I had been pretty taken aback, but Duncan's reaction and acceptance had quickly alleviated those concerns.

While we talked, Tina's hand moved to my cock beneath the water and we were soon heading to the bedroom together. Tina lay on the big bed with her legs spread wide and I quickly was down lapping at her sweet pussy. As I did, I heard Duncan enter the room and the sound of him snapping pictures. By this time, I didn't care, all I wanted was to have another suck and fuck session with this hot lady. And that we did, rolling into one position after another until our bodies, peaked with sexual energy, came together and I pumped a load of my seed into her hot cunt.

Over the next few months I had a number of other hot sessions with Tina and Duncan, including one extremely hot photo session at my basement studio. But, all good things must come to an end, and while we have remained friends, the sexual relationship ended. Tina obviously needed variety and she moved on to another willing playmate. While it would have been nice had it lasted longer, I am still left with many wonderful memories of Tina and her cuckold hubby.