 I love to sit around my apartment complex, at one of the pools, the gym, the mailroom… I love looking for a guy to satisfy me for the night. I like them all, White, Black, Hispanic; you name it and I will fuck it. And despite my larger size (bbw) many men find me attractive and unbelievably not sluttish. Must be my innocent face,

Today I saw the one I have wanted for over a week. He is tall 6'8 and very muscular. He is a stark contrast to my usual sex partners. I made my mind up and decided to seduce him.

I walked toward him and immediately fell over a tree root breaking through the pavement. Assuming my seduction was over I started to leak a few tears when a huge hand reached forward and lifted my chin. He wiped away the small tear and asked if I was alright. With the largest pout in the neighborhood on my face I replied that I was alright but my ankle was in pain. Sure enough we looked down and saw some blood trickling from a small but distinct gash on my foot. 

To my sheer amazement and luck he picked me up and carried me to my apartment. (It never occurred to me that I never told him where I lived.) He took my keys from my still clenched fist and opened the door. He sat me gently on the sofa and went to the kitchen to get some paper towels. As he was away I began to wonder if I would get lucky anyway even after my embarrassing fall. 

He came back with the paper towels and peroxide and a gauze bandage from the first aid kit above the fridge. He cleaned my cut and bandaged it and then asked if it felt better. I replied that it did and I immediately blushed because I realized I had been breathing heavily to fight off tears from the pain. He noticed my flushed face and just nodded. I realized he was about to leave when I made up my mind to try to seduce him anyway. 

I asked him to sit and offered him a drink. Since I was injured he went to the bar and got himself a drink and asked what I wanted. I was planning on replying, "you" but got flustered. Something about this guy was making my usual take-charge attitude and throwing it out the window. 

He did sit, and I was dying to ask him a thousand questions when I realized he looked uncomfortable. "What's wrong?" I asked. He looked down and answered in such a quiet voice I may have imagined the answer entirely. "I want to know why you never let anyone take care of you." I was shocked and slightly pissed. Who was this guy to come and ask me a personal question like that? And then as suddenly as my anger came it went and with it. I realized he had a real interest in me and it was not just to fuck my round fleshy body.

I guess it all came flooding out at once, but the basic gist was that I did not like to depend on people. It was something I had learned when I was young and it did no good to be dependable on anyone but myself. I had just been let down too many times. When I had finished my story I looked over and saw a single tear slipping down his cheek. He gave me the most comforting words ever to come my way. "When you cannot depend on anyone but yourself, you are stronger than the rest of the world." I started bawling and he came over to me and said, that if I was willing; he would take care of me. I took a moment to think about this idea and finally nodded yes. 

He introduced himself as Paul and said that he had been watching me for months when I was outside around the gym and the pool. He took notice of my exploits and always wondered why I wasn't in a steady relationship. I then had to explain to him that I worked full-time and often took extra shifts that were not mine. I had bills to pay and those bills left little time for anything else. 

He just nodded and we sat silently for a while. It was not an uncomfortable silence by any means. I guess I must have dozed off due to my pain or the extra shift I had worked earlier that day. When I woke I was in my bed and covered with a blanket. I was wondering what had happened to Paul when he came in with a tray and sat it down on my chair. I murmured his name and he came over and gave me an award-winning smile. Well, hello sunshine. I asked how long I had been asleep and he said two hours. I looked over at the chair and he had sat down a cup and a tea bag with some fresh cut fruit. Since I know I had none of these things in my house I assumed he had gone and purchased them. When I started to protest he quickly took his very large hand and covered my mouth and then said softly, "You promised to let me take care of you." And I had; so I just sat in bed while he put the water on to boil and came and sat with me. 

We drank tea and talked of insignificant things. I made to get up to clean up the dishes but I was again told to sit still. Paul cleared everything away and then came back and asked me what I wanted now. "You" was what I was thinking but for some reason this time I just wanted to get to know him more. So I said nothing, he asked if I wanted to watch a movie with him at his apartment. "Sure, I'd love to." My reply was obvious.

As I went to get up from my bed my ankle gave way. Paul looked really concerned. He again lifted me up and carried me (a big feat that he made look simple). It was then that I realized my knees were aching from my fall. Paul brought me to the living room and helped me steady myself. As we walked the short distance to his place he told me he lived by himself and that he actually was often lonely. I asked him about his love life and he just said that he does not date often because of his size. 

I could think of nothing but how gorgeous he was at 6 '8 when we arrived at his door. He unlocked it and gestured for me to go inside first. It was completely dark and my eyes instantly hurt when he flicked on the lights. His house was the same shape and size as mine but it was decorated quite tastefully. He was a minimalist obviously but I did notice that his furniture was close to the ground. He noticed me looking and said, " It was the nicest set on sale." I smiled.

Paul showed me around and then asked me to choose any movie I wanted. So I hobbled over to the entertainment center and looked through hundreds of titles. Comedies, horror, drama, foreign, and then on the bottom shelf I saw what I wanted. Porn. So I looked through some of the titles and they were nothing shocking, just sex and more sex. No real theme in this mans collection. So I looked at some of the boxes and chose one called Bigger Is Better. It had all sorts of "bigger" things on it: big women, big boobs, and huge dicks. The overall theme was "big" indeed. 

I had the movie in my hand and was about to slip it in the VCR when Paul came back. He looked at my choice and said, "it's a good one." And he sat down on the couch and patted the seat next to him. I turned on the TV and sat down with him. His size was truly overwhelming on the smaller couches and next to me. I sat snuggled into his arms and watched as women of all sizes and men of all "sizes" performed on the screen. After two scenes Paul asked me what I thought. 

I answered honestly, "The men really turn me on. They all have such different sized cocks and each one is unique in its own way." Paul said he was glad to hear it. When I asked why; he said, "When I said I don't date much because of my size, I meant my cock size." Of course my curiosity was raging and I asked innocently how large it was. He said in a totally unhappy voice, "a full foot". That is indeed far larger than any women can handle in a normal relationship. I called his name and he looked up at me with such longing and fear and sadness that I had to satisfy him and I knew he was going to be the only man I would ever satisfy again. 

I took the remote and turned off the movie. I leaned over and gave Paul the softest kiss on his lips. He responded slightly but lay down across my lap and I sat there stroking his hair. We lay in silence for ten minutes and let my touch soften him and his sadness. The quietest voice broke the silence saying, " I cannot be with you, I don't want to hurt you." I looked into his eyes and told him that I was not going to be hurt and that he should trust me. After all he took care of me and now I would take care of him. He sat up slightly and kissed me far harder than he had the first time. He had a strong desire and was going slow for my benefit and I loved him for it.

I led him to the bedroom (hobbling on my good ankle). He moved me to the bed where we kissed and rubbed each other. I could feel his cock inside of his pants but he would not let me take them off. He stripped my shirt and looked at my full pale breasts and took them in his large hands and rubbed them to harden my pink nipples. He took them in his mouth and sucked hard. He bit my nipples and swiveled them in his mouth. I asked him to get between my legs so we were face to face. He did as I asked and I saw desire written all across his face. He stripped my pants off and rubbed my cunt through the fabric of my panties. 

I was rubbing my soft body against him and feeling all of his size on me. He was still clothed so I unbuttoned his shirt and saw his shaven chest and muscular arms wrap around me again. I was in a heightened state of arousal because of his size. It was truly his 6'8 body that was turning me on in accord with his hands on my cunt. Paul lowered his head to my steamy cunt and pulled my panties down with his teeth. He took my lips in his mouth and sucked hard. I screamed with pleasure and surprise. As he rubbed my fleshy thighs He continued his actions on my pussy and I was dripping juice all over his face. He never once quit his attack on my clit and within a minute I was bucking and moaning. My pussy was drenched with juice and I needed a small break. My body had been touched and groped and licked for an hour. So I asked Paul to take off his pants. For just a second a look of fear crossed his face but he did as I asked and took his pants off slowly as if afraid I might run.

Soon the material fell to the floor I saw the largest fullest cock in front of me. I called to him and he lay beside me on the bed. I kissed him to reassure him and rubbed his chest and lower torso kissing my way down slowly to his dick. I kissed his thighs and his balls and then slowly took his foot long cock into my mouth. I licked my way down from his had to his shaft and then back up. I licked the underside of his dick and felt his hips jump off the bed. Finally I placed his cock head in my mouth and began a slow sucking motion. He was groaning and gasping so I knew he had not had many good blowjobs. I sucked harder and moved two inches down his shaft. He bucked again but I held his torso down with my body and slowly continued my assault on his raging cock. I took another two inches and felt his large veins throbbing against my tongue. I knew I was not going to get more than seven inches down but I kept going slowly inch by inch until I was bobbing my head on seven of his twelve inches. His eyes were glazed over and he was moaning much louder. I knew he needed a release so I continued to suck his cock as far down as I could and then I started clenching and unclenching my throat. I also cupped his balls and then I felt them tighten. I pushed my head further down on his dick and took another inch. I could not breathe but I knew he was cumming straight into my big belly. After a few seconds I started to bring my head up his softening but still long shaft. I licked the top of his cockhead and brought my face up to his. He kissed my mouth and licked his cum off my lips. I glanced at his soft cock and saw that it was at least six inches when soft. He spoke to me then and said, "I love that took what you could of me in your throat." I understood him more fully then. Most women would have spent all their time on his cock head and not given the shaft any attention because they feared its size. 

We cuddled softly together for awhile. I dozed off again but was woken up by arousal. Paul's face was in between my legs and frantically licking up my juice. When I woke up he came to me and gave me a very messy kiss. I cleaned his face with my mouth and then I told him I wanted his cock inside me. His face flashed fear again and he said, "It would hurt you." I told him that I trusted him to go slow and let my body adjust to his size. He nodded slowly and asked which position I wanted. I told him missionary. I wanted to see his face and feel his body on mine. He agreed and said yes. 

He climbed between my legs and I moved my knees far apart to give him room. I felt his cock at my cunt and I spread my pussy lips apart with my hand. He pushed his cockhead into my cunt and I could feel my pussy expand to allow him entry. He moved just two inches in very slowly and I gasped at his fullness. He looked at my face with concern and I told him I needed just a minute to relax my body. After my body had opened up for him, I asked him to move more of his huge cock into me. He slowly did and my eyes bulged at his size. I knew I had only five inches or so inside me and I was fuller than I had ever been. He slowly kept adding his inches into me until he bottomed out at my cervix. I asked him how much he left. "Three and half inches" was his reply. I told him to start thrusting into me slowly. He complied and I felt my body stretch with every thrust. My juices were flowing more rapidly and one of his large hands came down to massage my clit. My body was on fire and I was already sore with his size. I said nothing. I wanted him to have me. He kissed my neck and my breasts and licked sweat off of my forehead. After ten minutes my body was giving out. The pain was almost unbearable but I wanted him to have me. After another two minutes he said, "I need to cum." I gasped out loud as his handiwork on my clit did its job. My pussy clenched tightly on him and my body was floating on air. I pushed my hips down to meet his last three inches and took his foot long cock completely in my clenching cunt. This surprise shook him also and he came inside my pussy drenching me with hot cum. 

He removed his softening cock and my body felt empty without his dick inside me. He cupped my face in his hands and said, "thank you." I asked him what for. And he said, "for letting me have you when I hurt you." I told him that I was fine but he said to me, "I was watching your face, I know you are in pain, you were crying the whole time." And I was, but I had not noticed. But his clever eyes and clever body knew mine seemingly better than I did. I tried to sit up but could not. My body was sore from my waist down. Half of the pain was from a nasty fall and half from the assault of a foot long cock. 

Paul again carried me this time to the bathroom where he ran hot water into his large Jacuzzi tub. He set me gently inside and went to get towels. He joined me for a half hour as we silently soaked and then he used his amazing and very large hands to wipe my body from head to toe. He spent a long time massaging my pussy and relieving the muscle pain. He used those hands to massage my thighs. I was in heaven. I had hurt badly during the sex but afterward my reward was greater. My reward was him.