 All Stephanie wanted to do was go have a drink at a quiet little bar to unwind and let off steam after a long day at work. She had been sitting at the far end of the bar for almost a half hour, sipping on her rum & coke and playing music on the jukebox. She noticed the looks from the 4 men sitting at the other end of the bar when she walked in around 3 that afternoon. She had on her a new sundress that came to just below mid thigh, it was low cut and it caused her cleavage to be very much on display. Everyone could clearly see the tattoo on her right breast, making her less self conscious about her prematurely gray salt n pepper hair. Being 6'1 and a BBW (Big Beautiful Woman) with plenty of curves, full ass & a thick body, she normally didn't get those kinds of looks. The white thigh highs and 2 inch wedge platform sandals she had on completed her outfit nicely, showing off her long and muscular legs. 

She had just played several songs and was sitting down when he walked in, 6'4 in a white dress shirt, a gray and yellow tie, charcoal gray slacks and black dress loafers. He sat down about 4 stools from Stephanie and she couldn't take her eyes off him, he was in good shape with a slight protruding of his abdomen. He had short curly black hair, blue eyes, a thin beard & mustache, glasses, cute smile and a very nice ass. He ordered a drink and looked over at her then smiled, she blushed & turned away, embarrassed she got caught staring. She sat there singing and moving in her seat to the music, trying to calm herself down but not able to stop checking him out in the mirror. After a few minutes, she ordered another drink and went to the ladies room, when she got back she didn't see him. Stephanie cursed herself for not being brave enough to at least walk over and say hi to him or offer to buy him a drink as she sat back down. 

She went to pay the bartender for the drink but he told her that it was already taken care of. She got a confused look on her face and asked who had paid for it when she heard a very sexy voice say "I did, I hope you don't mind." Stephanie turned & smiled immediately when she saw him standing behind her with an incredibly sexy smile on his face. She thanked him for the drink and he asked if he could join her so she calmly and politely patted the stool next to her and said yes. He introduced himself as David and they sat chatting about what they did for a living, discovering they were the same age, 38. The conversation was light, but loaded with plenty of laughing, flirting and sexual innuendo. Stephanie excused herself to go play some more music and David couldn't stop watching her full ass & wide hips shake as she walked. He has always been attracted to big girls and she was absolutely gorgeous to him, totally sexy. Her personality, wicked sense of humor & confidence made her even more desirable, so much so, he was having to shift to hide his arousal. When she returned from the jukebox, he stood without thinking and knew that she saw his erection by the sly smile she gave him as she sat down. 

They ordered another drink and then one of Stephanie's favorite songs came on and so she stood and began dancing right next to him. He turned to watch her, she was slightly gyrating and grinding her hips and ass to the music and smiled at him seductively as she did. He was sitting with his legs open and she moved over and stood between them, rubbing her ass against his crotch as she danced. He put a hand on her hip and closed his eyes, enjoying the smell of her perfume and the feel of her touch. She had her hands on his thighs and began grinding her ass against him harder and then bending over at the waist. He moved his hand to her ass and squeezed it firmly, his erection was now raging & pressing against her. The song ended but David wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her closer against him & nuzzled her neck. Stephanie leaned her head back onto his shoulder and moaned lightly into his ear then nibbled on his earlobe. She felt one of his arms wrap around her tighter and the other one reach around and begin rubbing the back of her thigh through her dress. She turned and they kissed hard, deep and passionately, their tongues intertwining and their arms wrapping around each others bodies. 

They made out for almost 5 minutes when they finally came up for air and realized that they were making a spectacle of themselves. She sat back down and he scooted his stool over so that he was as close to her as he could be and rested his hand on her upper thigh. Stephanie asked if his hand was comfortable and he said yes but it was cold and then he slowly started inching it up under her dress. She drew a sharp, surprised but quiet breath as his hand reached the top of her stocking and was on her bare skin. He carefully pulled her legs open a little wider and slid his hand up to her silky panties, feeling the wet spot over her mound. He gave her a devilish grin and rubbed the wet material against her lips and whispered into her ear, "You're as turned on as I am. Already so wet, I love it, but my fingers are still cold, I need a place to warm them up." Then he slid 2 fingers inside her panties and began running them up and down her slit before inserting them into her core. Stephanie closed her eyes and casually slid her hips forward to give him better access to her pussy and laid her head on his shoulder. 

David moaned slightly at how incredibly hot and wet her cunt was already and began fingering her right there in the bar. Thankfully they were so far away from everyone else's view of what he was doing that he was able to continue without discovery. Stephanie could feel her body start vibrating and knew that she was going to cum soon, so she whispered into his ear, warning him. He told her good, he wanted to feel her cum in front of everyone and used his thumb to begin rubbing her clit through her panties. She grabbed hold of her drink and kept her eyes on the mirror, watching her face and trying to keep her expression normal. David was whispering all sorts of dirty things into her ear and then she let out a gasp as her body tightened. She buried her head down in her arms on the bar to hide what was really happening, her cumming all over David's fingers. David realized what she was doing and began laughing to drown out her moans and make her action less noticeable. Once her orgasm was finished, he kissed her cheek and then excused himself, hiding his wet and sticky hand. He went into the men's room and inhaled her wonderful scent, then began licking and sucking his fingers, savoring the taste of it. He heard someone coming so he quickly turned the water on and began washing his hands then returned to Stephanie at the bar. When he got back, she leaned over and kissed him hard, then whispered into his ear that she wanted him to take her home and fuck her. 

Stephanie followed David to his house and once they got inside the front door, she was all over him like white on rice, her mouth closed down over his. He wrapped his arms around her waist and began running his hands all over her incredible ass. He had been dying to touch it properly since he saw her at the bar and now that he had his chance, he wasted no time. He reached down and pulled her dress up to her hips, then snaked his fingers under the waistband and pulled her panties down. Once they were over her hips, they slid down easily on their own and he was able to grab hold of her bare ass. Stephanie kicked her panties from her ankles and took off his tie and threw it down, then started unbuttoning his shirt. He helped her slide his shirt off then knelt down and began kissing her inner thighs, spreading her legs wider and groping her ass. He thrust his tongue into her neatly groomed slit and ran it up and down several times before concentrating on her hard clit. It was red and swollen and once his tongue began licking it she moaned loudly and began rubbing his head. Stephanie put one hand against the door to brace herself as David began sucking on her clit, taking it into his mouth then letting it slide out. 

He moved a hand down and could feel her juices dripping out onto her thighs, so he slid a couple fingers inside her tight cunt and began fingering it. Stephanie was moaning and telling him how good it felt and how hot he made her. He pulled his middle finger out of her wet pussy and moved it to her puckered hole, smearing her wetness all over it. She moaned loudly and he knew that she was ok with what he wanted to do so he slid it back into her pussy to get it lubed really well. He quickly put it into her ass and began moving it all around as he slid it in as far as he could and then slid a couple fingers from his other hand into her pussy. Stephanie began panting hard and her body started to tense and she screamed "Yes David, God please don't stop I'm gonna cum." He increased his sucking on her clit and the pace of his fingers sliding in and out of her ass and pussy bringing her to orgasm. Stephanie's legs were shaking and her pussy was spasming around his fingers, clenching around them. David moaned and smiled as she screamed and thrashed, her juices running out of her cunt and staining the top of her stockings. He lapped up her sweet nectar as best as he could, then stood and slid the fingers from her pussy into her mouth. She sensuously sucked each digit clean and then pulled his face to hers, kissing him deeply and eagerly. 

She broke the kiss and gently pulled him with her as she walked over and stood in front of the couch and then pushed him down onto it. She knelt down in front of him and got between his legs, she began unbuckling his belt and then opened his pants. His cock was rock hard and straining against his boxer briefs as she began rubbing him through the material. Finally she grabbed hold of his underwear and pulled them and his pants down after he lifted his ass for her. She slid them completely off and then leaned back in and buried her face in his black pubic hair, taking in the smell of his arousal. She took the base of his 6 inch shaft into her hand and began running her tongue across the head, tracing the edges. She swirled her tongue across the opening and licked out the pre-cum that was starting to ooze from the tip. She slid her tongue down and began tracing the underside of his mushroom head, teasing him the way he had done to her. She began running her tongue up and down his shaft, tracing his veins and ridges before placing just the head into her mouth. David groaned loudly at the feel of her soft lips, wet and hot mouth around his cock, running his fingers through her short hair. Stephanie slowly began sliding him deeper into her mouth, then letting him slide out completely, making a pop as it slid out. She was looking at his face, getting turned on at his expression and asked him if her mouth felt good. He hissed yes and his cock jumped as he looked into her eyes and then felt her hand begin massaging his balls. 

Stephanie winked slyly at him and took him into her mouth and throat, managing to take every bit of him in and began sucking gently. She let him slide out completely again but quickly began deep throating him again and this time didn't stop. She had a steady and very intense pace going when he stopped her, helping her to stand and then telling her to straddle him. Stephanie carefully slid her dress up over her head and stood before David in just her white stockings and shoes. He salivated at the sight of her 48D's hanging freely and her beautiful, thick body standing naked in front of him. He took her hand and helped her place her knees on the outside of his legs then grabbed the base of his dick. She began wriggling her hips to get them lined up and when she felt the head at her entrance, she slowly slid herself down his rod. They both moaned loudly, closing their eyes and enjoying the feeling of his cock in her tight pussy, feeling it stretch to adjust to him. Once she was comfortable, Stephanie put a hand on his shoulder and the other on the back of the couch. She slowly began grinding her hips up and down, her pussy clenched tight around him as she started to ride his cock. He leaned his head in and took her right breast into his hand, his tongue tracing over her tattoo. He flicked his tongue across her puckered nipple then closed his mouth around it, sucking like a baby nursing on it's mother. 

Stephanie started moaning loudly and threw her head back, her rhythmic thrusting getting harder. David told her to cum for him, he wanted to hear her as she came all over his cock and then he bit her nipple and slapped her thick ass. That was all it took, her body tensed hard and she began calling his name as her orgasm jolted through her entire body. David had to hold on tight to her hips to help her steady herself as she came violently, her juices gushing out onto his balls. After Stephanie's body calmed down, he kissed her deeply and helped her to stand before rising and taking her hand, leading her down to the bedroom. Once there, he told her to bend over the bed, Stephanie smiled & quickly pressed her chest and arms against the mattress. David grunted at the sight of her gorgeous ass and wet pussy open and on display for him, begging to be touched, kissed and fucked hard. Her heels had her at the perfect level with his cock and he rubbed up and down the crack of her ass a couple times before sliding it down to her hot cunt. He put the head against her opening and then dug his fingers into her hips as he gasped them and slammed into her wetness. He was buried to the hilt and the angle made the sensations even stronger, he could feel the tip of his cock bottoming out he was so deep. 

He slowly started sliding in and out a little, then pulling all the way out and then slamming back in, her body being thrust forward with each entry. David began fucking her hard and fast, telling her how incredible her pussy felt and that he wanted to feel her cum again for him. Stephanie was moaning and playing with a nipple, enjoying the feel of David's forceful fucking. David started smacking her ass hard, leaving bright red handprints on both cheeks and told her to cum now for him. She reached down and began rubbing her clit hard to help send herself over the edge and it worked. Within a minute she was screaming out and spasming as another intense orgasm ripped through her and she flooded him with her juices. David was trying hard not to lose it as her pussy spasmed around his rock hard cock, trying to milk the cum out of him. He was sweating and panting, his concentration was slipping and he knew he was going to cum if he kept it up. Stephanie asked him if he was ready to cum and he couldn't answer, so she told him to pull out then turned to face him. She quickly grabbed his shaft and guided him into her mouth then began sucking on his cock, enjoying the taste of her cum all over it. He pushed the back of her head against him, forcing himself into her throat and told her not to stop. Stephanie took his balls into her hand and continued deep throating him until she felt him tense and scream her name. His cock began shooting a long and steady stream of hot cum into her waiting mouth and down her throat. She greedily swallowed it all, his thick cream was so delicious she wasn't going to waste a drop of it. Finally after a really big load had been released from his balls, he pulled his sensitive cock out of her mouth and looked down at her. 

Stephanie was smiling up at him and licking her lips, then told him that she loved the way his cum tastes, it's better than hers. He pulled her up and then kissed her deeply, gently pushing her backwards onto the bed, his cock still hard. David was always proud of the fact that he could stay hard and was usually ready to go again within a couple minutes after his first orgasm. He crawled up her body and pressed his cock against her wet slit and began sucking on her nipples and massaging her big breasts. Finally he told her to turn over and then helped her get up onto her hands and knees into position. He began kissing Stephanie between her shoulder blades and working his way down her spine to her lovely ass. He began kissing and massaging her tender, large and flabby cheeks, taking his time and paying worship as it deserved. As he was working on her ass, he slid his hand down to her drenched pussy and collected plenty of cum. He spread her cheeks and began slathering it onto her tight little hole then slid his cock into her pussy and began to gently fuck her. He reached his other hand around and began pulling and rubbing her clit, making Stephanie moan loudly. Once he knew she was good and relaxed, he pulled out of her pussy and placed the head of his cock against her asshole. He pressed the head inside, making sure to go slow and gentle so he didn't hurt her. 

He let her hole adjust to the invasion then pressed a little bit more inside, letting her have a moment to adjust after each time until finally he felt his balls against her wet pussy. They were both panting and groaning at the feeling of his cock buried to the hilt in her tight asshole, telling her to let him know when she was ready. Stephanie began to push her ass back against him and told him she was ready, so he began to fuck her. He would pull out until just the tip was inside, then he would thrust back in hard, making her cry out in pleasure. David knew he wasn't going to last long, so he started rubbing her clit feverishly as he started fucking her ass hard and deep. After a few minutes they both screamed they were going to cum and their bodies began shaking and tensing. Their Climaxes rocked their bodies hard, they weren't long but were extremely intense and for the first time in her life, Stephanie actually squirted. They collapsed onto the bed, sweaty and satiated as they panted and tried to catch their breath and then moaned as David slipped out of her ass. They turned and snuggled up together, her head resting on his chest and his hand gently stroking her shoulder. 

Finally, Stephanie got up off the bed and went into the bathroom, cleaning herself up and laughing as she walked into the bedroom, tossing a warm washcloth to David. 

"Ya know, I've ruined more pairs of stockings this way." 

"Yes but baby you looked so damned sexy, I couldn't help myself. Picking you up at that bar today was one of the hottest games we've ever played." 

Stephanie crawled up onto the bed after taking off her shoes and stockings and kissed David deeply as she snuggled back against him. 

"I agree, I'm glad I thought of it. It was so hot when I was dancing for you and felt your cock all hard against my ass. But you impressed the hell out of me when you started fingering me and made me cum like that." 

"Just wait until next time beautiful, I'm going to make you cum several times in public and see if you can be quiet while I'm doing it." 

"Well, if you do that, then you better have a jacket for you lap, because I'll have to return the favor and I don't mean with my hand either" she said with a huge grin on her face.