 My name is Stephanie and I'm a Pharmacology Professor at a local college in Maine. I've been together with my college boyfriend, Eric for over 10 years now, but we haven't married yet. We decided to spice things up by going on a romantic trip to Fort Lauderdale, but it didn't seem to work. Maybe the magic was gone, maybe he didn't find me attractive anymore, or maybe I just wasn't interested in him anymore. 

We were flying back to Maine and got stuck in Baltimore on a flight delay. He had argued with me all day about literally everything on the trip so I needed to blow off some steam. We decided to kill some time by going to the only open restaurant/bar in the whole airport as it was 10pm and everything was closing. 

We met some others on our same flight there and had a few drinks and laughs. One of the men in the group kept starring at me and was smirking in a lustful way. I didn't think I was much to look at, especially after traveling all day. I'm 36 and on the plump side meaning I have big curves. I had my dirty blonde hair up in a bun with a pencil through it, wearing my SUNY Buffalo sweatshirt, my sheer black tights had holes by my inner thighs, and my nude colored flats were killing my feet. 

The stranger smirking across from me was cute. I think he was either Indian or Hispanic, but regardless he was putting off a sexual vibe. I had my legs crossed and was very fidgety for some reason so my foot kept kicking his shins. I kept apologizing everytime. I thought to myself, oh no he probably thinks I was flirting with him! 

He leaned in and whispered, "nice bra."

At first I thought he was being a perv, but then I looked down and saw that my sweatshirt had fallen off my shoulders. On display was the top of my left breast, part of the bra cup, and the straps that dug into my shoulder. 

I looked at the gentleman and mouthed, "thank you." With an embarrassed smile.

Meanwhile, my boyfriend Eric was chatting it up with the other travelers and luckily no one else had noticed. An hour went by and we started to make our way back to the gate as they were starting to board. 

I was zoning out, not paying attention to my surroundings, as the man from the bar had tried getting by me. I smiled and said "Are we meandering in the same space?"

I felt like such a dork saying that, but he replied with a chuckle. "Yes. We are both meandering aimlessly."

I finally introduced myself, "Hi, I'm Stephanie." 

"I'm Kirk," as he gestured for the handshake. 

"So do you live in Maine?" He asked me. 

"Yes I'm a Pharmacist for a local college and teach there as well."

The small banter went back and forth about our careers and where we live. We were both kind of buzzed from the drinks we recently had and Eric was about to pass out as he never paces himself with alcohol. 

"Well I have to get back in line since my zone is next." Kirk started walking back. 

I drunkenly shouted back, "It was nice meeting you!" As my bags slipped and fell to the floor. 

"Here let me help." Kirk came over to grab my bags from the ground. Eric was of no help since he could barely stand. 

"Oh that's sweet, but I have it don't worry." 

Kirk went back in line. I bent over to pick up my purse and I turned back to see where Kirk was in line. I caught him gazing at my huge ass sticking out. My panty line was showing through my thin tights. He looked caught off guard that I caught him. After he shrugged his shoulders, I just rolled my eyes at him with a flirty smile back. 

Eric and I were zone 3 so we were basically the last ones to board. Carrying my bags and Eric's was tough as we made our way towards the back of the plane. It was southwest so we could choose where we sat. 

Then I saw Kirk all the way in the back waving me over. He was motioning for us to sit with him. When we finally got there he stood up and helped Eric into the window seat while I put our bags away in the bins. 

Kirk took his aisle seat back so I had to squeeze by him to get to my middle seat. I lost my balance and fell on to Kirk's lap. 

"Oh wow I'm so sorry Kirk! Are you okay?" 

"No worries, Stephanie. If that's where you want to sit I'm fine with that." He jokingly responded. 

"Haha very funny." I felt his manhood twitch as it was wedged between my asscrack. 

I wiggled my ass back into it a little before I made my way off his lap into my middle seat. He was now grinning ear to ear. Eric was still passed out with his head leaning on the window. This was a short flight so I figured I'd stay awake with Kirk. Our conversation went from our trips to Florida, to careers, but then somehow became more personal. He found out Eric and I were having issues once I vented to him, although I'm sure it was apparent to him as well. The next question he had asked threw me off a little. 

"So what is the craziest sex story you have?"

I giggled. "What?! Really you're going to ask me that?" 

I had to order more adult beverages before answering that one. The flight attendant brought us two whiskey's and we both cheersed before downing the shots. 

"Ok." I began. "I was in a threesome with two older men when I was in college. My boyfriend left me stranded at a bar one night after a fight we had. I was broke and not everyone had cell phones back then. So the only way to get a free ride was from these two truck drivers. I gave them both blowjobs, but then that turned into something more."

Wow I can't believe I told him that story. 

"Ok your turn now!" 

Kirk was still shocked, but continued with his story. "So not sure how I can beat that one, but here it goes. I was flying back from Florida to Maine and met this super hot woman at a layover. She had curves for days that would make any man do anything..."

"Ok ok! Haha. I know what you're doing here," I interrupted. 

"Hey I let you finish your making of a slut story. Now it's my turn."

I shook my head and gestured with my hand for him to continue.

"Thank you. So there I was at the airport bar waiting for the flight to board. She played footsies with me under the table, she bent over to show me her fat ass, and then she sat on my lap on the plane. We exchanged stories for a bit, but then out of the blue she started rubbing my cock while her boyfriend was passed out next to her."

As he said that, I took my right hand and glided it over his crotch. He stopped telling his story immediately and looked at me like he wanted to tear my clothes off right there. 

I put my coat over our laps and grabbed ahold of his growing hard cock. I jerked it up and down. I felt a little precum leak out of his pants. 

"Holy fuck, Stephanie. Jerk me off you fuckin' slut", Kirk whispered in my ear.

I softly responded back, "Oh yeah baby I love your hard dick."

He took his left hand and slid it down the back part of my tights so his fingers were now shoved up my asscrack. My fat ass was pouring over his fingers. 

I turned to him and we kissed. Our tongues were rolling around in each other's mouths. I unzipped his pants to get a better grasp on his veiny erection. I stroked his cock until it was rock hard. 

Kirk turned his whole body towards me and now had his right hand groping my tits. I stopped him for a moment to take off my sweatshirt and his eyes were glued to my massive jugs. I had a tight v neck T-shirt on that displayed major cleavage. His hand went back to groping my breasts while his left hand was filled with clumps of my ass. 

I wanted to talk nastier. "Oh god I'm such a slut! Fucking have your way with me baby!" 

"Holy shit your tits are huge!" How big are they?"

In mid moan I answered, "40F." 

He lifted my shirt up to get a better view of my creamy white tits, which were held up by my tan colored bra. Kirk started mauling my bra off. 

I hadn't noticed since I was in a sexual trance and Kirk was sucking on my huge tits, but the few rows ahead of us were all turned around looking at us with disapproval. The flight attendants were in the front still serving pretzels and drinks so we had a couple minutes to finish. 

Kirk brought his head up to see everyone watching us and just laughed. He noticed the holes in my tights and ripped it open even more and began rubbing the outside of my panties. 

I have thick thighs so he had to force his hands between my plump legs. He pulled my panties aside and slipped two fingers in and out of my pussy as I felt myself start to orgasm. His hands were strong and he knew how to hit the g-spot.

I wanted fuck him so bad, but had to settle for some hand fun. I jerked him off faster and was moaning from him fingering me. 

I needed him to cum before the flight attendants made us stop. From experience, I knew my ass could make any man cum within seconds so I stopped jerking him off. I slid on to his lap and started wobbling my fat ass onto his cock. 

"Come on baby! Cum all over my fat ass!"

His warm erection was wedged deep into my lengthy asscrack as I felt a big hot splash of jizz cover my entire rump. 

"Oh wow! It's so hot and sticky!"

My ass was glued to his cock with his huge load he gave me. I slid off his lap back into my seat. We were both panting out of breath from our release. 

"Fuck Stephanie...I knew you were a slut!" 

I winked at Kirk and tried to catch some sleep before we landed. It was tough since I was sitting in a puddle of his cum which was still oozing out of my plump butt. 

Finally we landed and the smell of our sweat and his spunk was filling the air in the back of the cabin. Eric woke up, but was too intoxicated to realize the sizable cum stain all over the backside of my tights. We all filtered off the plane and headed for baggage claim.

Kirk knew we wouldn't see each other again so he smacked my ass and yelled, "Later sexy!"

Eric asked me what that was about. I just told him Kirk was weird and was glad he was gone. Although, I'm secretly hoping he stalks me on Facebook so he can bend me over next time. 

I guess I'll just have to wait until then...