 It was July 4th weekend and there was a heatwave that hit Maine. I had just gotten out of my pharmacology 101 class that I teach where none of the students were even paying attention due to the unbearable high temperatures. 

Once my class got out I started walking back to my car. I always pass by this construction crew working on the new college library. They always have something to say like, "bend that fat ass over!" or "look at those tits!" I'm sure I partake in their spank bank collection, which kind of turns me on. Knowing that guys jerk off to me turns me on.

I try to dress conservatively for my classes I teach, but it's hard to contain my curves. Today I was wearing a navy blue skirt that fell to my mid thigh. The slit in the back was torn, so it rode up higher than usual. It was fairly tight so the curve of my stomach slightly bulged out making a wide U shape. I had on open toe white sandals with a thick one inch heel. 

My attempt at being patriotic lead me to wear an old half sleeve red blouse. My breasts had grown a few cup sizes since my college days which made it a struggle to pull over my chest. The v neck used to be a cute way to show some skin, but now I just looked slutty with my 3 inch cleavage pouring out. 

As I was heading home, my boyfriend Eric called me with a few things I needed to pick up from the grocery store. It was for the barbecue he throws every year for 4th of July. It was over 100 degrees out and humid as hell so I couldn't wait to get indoors with some AC. 

When I arrived at the store, it was packed and the AC was clearly on the fritz. Everyone looked miserable as we all tried our best not to knock each other over with our shopping carts. 

After going through a few isles, I noticed a man creepily staring at me as I grabbed hamburger buns, hotdog buns, ketchup, etc. He was definitely following me, but I didn't have time to confront him so I continued with my shopping list. 

It felt like I was saying excuse me every time I walked passed someone. This was due to my wide hips and my enormous ass. My skirt was now slightly bunching into my ass crack as I maneuvered my way through the store. 

Finally I had reached the last isle which was the cheese and dairy section. Then I saw that man again except he wasn't staring at me and was actually shopping. 

I had to squeeze by him and another man to get to the slices of cheddar. "Excuse me." I politely said while trying to slide between them sideways pulling my cart behind me. My big butt was grazing the creepers crotch as I wiggled by unsuccessfully getting stuck between their carts. 

"Oh fuck!" I blurted out in frustration.

I was wedged between both men at this point. My ass crack was now perfectly lined up with the creepers awakening penis. It didn't help that I was frantically moving side to side as I worked to unwedge my cart. The smile on this man grew along with his erection. 

"Hey hey calm down Steph." The stranger calmingly gestured with his hands. 

He pushed his cart out of the way so I could get by. I could feel his manhood unplug from my sweaty ass crack as he stepped back and motioned for me to walk passed him. 

"Thanks, but how do you know my name?" I asked. 

He threw his hands up in the air. "Really? We went to pharmacology school together. I sat directly behind you in Pharm 401. Mad Max ring a bell?"

I squinted and then grabbed my glasses, which were hanging from my deep cleavage. I put them on. "Oh yeah! I remember now. You dated my roommate Sarah for like a week, right?"

"There it is. You must have thought I was some crazy stalker huh?"

I giggled, "well yes actually I thought you were going to stuff me in the back of your car."

He devilishly grinned, "You're not in to that anymore?"

"Haha very funny. I think we had enough foreplay just a minute ago." I flirted back while looking down at the outlined erection in his pants.

"That was foreplay huh?" He smirked. 

I needed to shut down the playful banter before he got the wrong idea. "Don't get ahead of yourself now." 

Max glanced over at the items in my cart. "Well those buns look like they could use some meat between them so I'll let you get back to your barbecue."

I snorted as I tried to hold back my laugh. "Why did we call you Mad Max anyways?"

"If I'm not mistaken, it was cause of the rough sex I had with some of your friends. You all thought I was mad."

I was very fidgety all of the sudden. My bra straps were digging into my skin and I kept adjusting them during our encounter. 

I rolled my eyes. "I guess I'll never know if that nickname was fitting."

There was an awkward pause in the conversation as we stared at the floor.

"Well it was good running into you, Steph."

"Wow another sexual innuendo?" I snapped back. 

He quickly responded. "What? No. That was a genuine statement."

I smiled and had to think of a witty reply. "In that case, good being run into."

He laughed and pushed his cart towards the registers. 

At this point, I was drenched in sweat and my hair was a mess due to the heat. I decided to pull my dirty blonde hair up with an elastic, making my way towards the check out. 

We both headed for the express lanes to checkout and left the grocery store almost simultaneously. It appeared we were heading towards the same parking spots making it somewhat awkward. He was parked one car over from mine. We began loading up our trunks when one of the bags broke in the back of his SUV. 

"Dammit!" Max yelled.

I ran over to make sure he was ok. You could hear my heels clanking over to his car. I helped him grab some of the items that rolled away into the next parking space. He noticed a bottle of Jameson whiskey rolling away and quickly chased it down.

He shouted back to me, "just throw that stuff in the back seat!"

I opened the car door and slightly bent over to place his mixers on the back seat. Then I felt his hands grab my maternal hips pulling my jiggly ass back into his crotch. He then pushed me into his backseat so I was on my hands and knees with my ass stuck up in the air. He climbed in behind me with his cock suctioned into my ass crack.

"Max! Stop! Aren't you married?" I had noticed a wedding ring on his finger back at the store, but figured he was a harmless flirt at the time.

"Come on Steph! You teased me long enough with that fat ass of yours!"

He forced his dick even further into the crevasse of my massive rump. It was warm and hard. My skirt was riding up and my pantyhose was on display now.

I reached back to push him away, but he grabbed my wrist and guided my hand towards his crotch instead. That was my poor attempt to stop him, but I realized I wanted to get fucked hard. 

I teased him a bit tracing my finger nails across the bulge in his pants. Finally I unzipped them and his cock flung out. I made a tight fist around his dick and then held it in place in between my ass cheeks. He tore a hole in my pantyhose and I could feel his veiny erection sticking to my moist 10 inch lengthy ass crack from all the perspiration.

He slammed the car door shut behind him. 

"That's it right there. Grind that cock you fucking slut!"

"Mmm oh yeah baby! I love your hard cock in my ass crack honey!"

Sweat was pouring from my neck down into my cleavage. Max pulled my red blouse up towards my neck putting my huge jugs in plain view. Then he scooped one of my tits out from my nude colored bra and began kneading them. 

"Holy shit your tits are so fucking big!"

"Are they bigger than your wife's?" I asked. I knew the answer was yes, but I wanted to hear him say it. 

"Your saggy tits and wobbly ass are twice the size of my wife's."

He pulled a condom out of his wallet and slid it on his dick. I was ready to get fucked from behind. 

"Oh yeah baby pound my fat ass!" 

He grabbed a fist full of my hair that was tied up and yanked it back. With his other hand he slapped my ass and watched it jiggle like jello. 

I moaned out. "Oh yeah baby! I like it rough!"

"You love cock don't ya!?"

"Mmm I love your hard cock!"

You could here my ass clapping every time he thrusted into me. 

"Give it to me harder!" I was moaning louder. 

After a couple minutes he stopped doing me doggystyle and flipped me on my back. I spread my legs apart in the air, gripped his dick, and shoved it back into my wet pussy. Now he was fucking me missionary style. 

My huge tits were covered in sweat. He took my left breast out of my 40F bra cup and shoved it into his mouth. He sucked on it while I moaned in ecstasy. 

"Mmm yeah suck on my huge tits!"

He pinned my arms behind my head with his left hand and shoved his right hand into my ass crack. I loved being submissive. 

"Oh god I'm such a slut!"

"Yeah you are! We all knew you were a nasty slut!" 

"Oh yeah? How could you tell?"

He confessed. "I used to jerk off into your large bra cups back in college!" 

"Are you kidding me, Max?! Really?!"

"Right in the laundry room. I got so hard knowing you wore them!" 

I smiled and rolled my eyes. I was panting and moaning with every thrust he pumped into me. My heels were pushed up against the window and I could see a couple women trying to get a better look inside Max's car. I'm sure they knew, but I didn't care. 

The windows started to fog up and you could smell his cologne and my perfume combining in the air. The aroma also had some rather potent body odor mixed in from our sweaty bodies. My makeup was running and my lipstick had come off on his shirt collar. I looked disheveled. 

He was fucking me faster and with more force right before he pulled out of my wet pussy stumbling back into the seat. My skirt was hiked up to my waist and my left tit was sagging out if it's bra cup. I got up from the seat and bent over his lap. He hungrily tore a bigger hole in my pantyhose covered ass cheeks. Then I slowly plopped my squarish shaped ass over his rock hard dick.

"You like my big creamy white ass don't you Max?"

"Fuck yeah I do!"

He clamped his big hands on both sides my ass pushing them together so my cellulite covered butt oozed over his cock.

I asked in a sultry tone, "is this how you pictured it baby?"

"I've jerked off to this fantasy so many times!" He confessed.

Max started thrusting in between my ass cheeks while madly grunting.

Then my phone started ringing. Max noticed it was Eric and ordered me to answer it. I sat back on his lap as I accepted the call. 

Eric asked, "Hey are you almost home?"

"I got rear-ended Eric." I winked at Max. "Not much damage I can see so far." 

I began jerking Max off slowly as I spoke to Eric. It was such a thrill to cheat on Eric while talking to him on the phone.

He was concerned about my fake accident. "Are you ok? How's the car?"

"I'm fine and there's no damage to my rear"

"Well then get home safely."

"Oh and just a heads up. After I was banged into, I spilled yogurt all over my chest and I'm sitting in some of it to. So those are the stains you'll see that I'm covered in."

"Ok well shower up when you get here."

"Of course I will babe. I smell horrible!"

I put my phone in my purse and locked eyes with Max. He started kissing me passionately with his tounge probing mine. He groped my tits with his strong hands as I continued to jerk his cock off.

"Get your plump ass on my lap again!"

As I went to sit on his lap, I saw those two women starring at us. One of them looked at my torn clothes and tits hanging out and just shook her head in disgust.

I bit my bottom lip while maintaining eye contact with her and crammed Max's cock into my lengthy ass crack. 

I grabbed on to the driver head rest in front of me and did my booty shake against his thick cock. 

"Shoot it in my sweaty ass crack baby!" 

Max forced his cock deeper in my ass crack. "I'm cumming you nasty slut!"

Wads of white sticky cum filled up my ass crack as he shoved me off his lap onto the floor. 

There I was on my knees panting and out of breath. My hair a mess, my blouse still up by my neck, pantyhose ripped, heels barely on and my bra straps hanging off my arm. 

"Time to fuck those jugs of yours!" He eagerly announced. 

"Use me like a fucking slut honey!"

Max pulled my tits back into my bra and shoved his stiff cock between my never ending cleavage. 

I loved talking dirty. "Mmm oh god that feels good honey!"

I wanted to be drenched in more cum. So I squeezed my tits around his dick until it disappeared into my cleavage. I quickly moved them up and down his shaft.

"Mmm oh yeah honey. That feels so good."

"Oh yeah! Your saggy tits are made for fucking!"

"Cum on my big tits baby!"

"I'm cummin on those jugs you fuckin slut!"

His second load was even bigger than his last one. Spurts of jizz hit my chin and neck. I jerked the rest of his next few streams of spunk all over my tits and bra. 

We collapsed on his back seat. I spread his seed all over me until it made a nasty paste. My sweat dissolved most it, but the smell brought back the reminiscence.

I went to leave Max's car and he asked, "can I borrow your bra?"

"Borrow?" I was confused. 

"Yeah I'll give it back. I just want to jerk off into your massive bra cups and have you wear it."

Guys are such perverts, but I let him have it. I tossed it over and it still had his jizz dripping from it. 

"So when do I get my bra back?"

"Lets meet in this parking lot same time next Saturday. You should know what my car looks like by now!" 

He winked at me and I clanked my heels back to my car covered in Max's cum. I couldn't wait for next week.