 10 pm. I'm laying down, listening to my music, and I receive a message.

"Hey ;)"

It's Andria- a friend of mine. She's a BBW, nice tits, and sexual. She isn't afraid to let me know of the latest toy she's bought or when she's masturbated.

"Hey stranger" I reply. I'm average build, on the tall side, and horny at the moment.

"I'm naked and want to play."

"You're going to get me started."

"Maybe I want to"

She sends me a picture of herself licking her pierced nipple. I feel my cock stir under my shorts.

"Oh my."

"I've been in a mood lately. I've been thinking of your cock."

"What about my cock? ;)" I tease her.

"I've never seen it but all I know is that I want to play with it."

The thought of someone playing with my dick starts to harden my erection. It's been a year since I've been laid. Porn has held me over but a woman's touch is something else entirely.

"Fuck me." I reply in frustration. 

"I want to, baby. So bad."

"I'm coming over lol"

"Lol are you?"

"I would."

"I don't have my place to myself"

"I know a place we can sneak off for head"

"I want you to fuck my mouth."

The thought of fucking her mouth has me rock hard. I can feel precum start to leak- I'm starting to get ready to go out.

"I'll pick you up"

"Waiting for you, baby."

I drive down, anxious. I've always heard bigger girls give amazing blowjobs and now I'll know for sure. My cock is somewhat hard as I pull up to her driveway. She comes out wearing yoga pants and a light sweater. I can see some cleavage and her ass looks great, bouncing with every step.

"Hi babe," she says as she gets into my car. She kisses my cheek and rests her hand on my lap.

"Hey," I reply as I start to head down the road and into the countryside. I drive for a few minutes until I find a small road that runs parallel to a creek. Andria is playing with her tits as I find a place where we can pull over. I turn off the car and the lights. We start to make out, she starts to stroke my cock through my jeans. I feel her tongue push through my lips and our tongues dance together. I bite her neck and she moans. 

"I want to gag on your cock," she whispers under her breath.

We stop making out and she unzips my pants. She pulls out my cock and strokes it.

"It's so thick." I start to pull down my boxers and pants.

She spits on her hand and strokes to get me harder. My breath becomes deeper as she strokes me. I kiss her neck again and start to play with her nipples. I tug at her piercing lightly and she moans. I go down and pull out her tit. I lightly nibble it. She moans deeply. She pulls my head away and says, "I'm here to play with you, not the other way around."

She and I adjust our seats. She spits on my cock and starts to suck on the head. I gasp as she takes my girth. 

"Fuck" I whisper. 

She runs her tongue up and down my shaft. She licks my balls and puts one in her mouth. I get harder as she does this.

"Someone needed this." She says as precum leaks from my head. She runs her tongue up my shaft and swirls the precum with her tongue.

"Goddamn, I did need this." I tug at her black hair.

She takes my cock head in her mouth and I start to fuck it with quick thrusts. I feel her saliva dripping on to me. She strokes it as I fuck her. More precum comes out and she hungrily laps it. She lets go and starts to take every inch of my cock into her mouth. I am breathless as I feel it hit her throat. She gags a bit and comes up for air. 

"Fuck, girl. You love cock."

"Mhmm" she moans as she quickly strokes me.

She takes me back in and her saliva drenches my cock.

"Want to be a good cock sucking slut?" I growl into her ear. She nods and deepthroats me. I hold her head down as she struggles for air. After hearing her gag a few times, I let her loose. She comes up with a huge smile on her face. This drives her crazy. She strokes it even harder and wraps her lips around my cock. All I hear is her lips sliding up and down my cock, her spit slipping down my ball sack. I grab her head in place and fuck her mouth. The sound of my cock splooshing in her mouth. Her gags fill the car. 

"Fuck, you're such a slut. Letting me use like this." 

She taps on my thigh, signaling me to stop. She catches her breath.

"Why can't I make you cum?"

"You want my cum?"

"Yes"

I grab her head and push it down on my cock. I hold her down for a few seconds as she gags repeatedly. I fuck her mouth even more and I have her deepthroat me. Her spit is now overflowing. I do this again. Hearing my cock stir the insides of her mouth. Hearing her beg for breath. Her eyes tearing up.

"Cum for me, baby" she manages to say.

I feel my cum rising, I bob her head on my cock as I fuck her in unison.

"FUCK" I deeply growl. I hold her head down and multiple squirts of cum enter her mouth.

She gets up, gasping for breath, trying to keep my cum in her mouth. She swallows the concoction of saliva and cum. She licks her lips for any cum that may have been drooled out. She cleans her face of her spit and sweat. I find a napkin to clean my cock of her spit. I put back on my jeans. We both breath deeply as we drive off. 

"Fuck, that was intense. I've never had a cock that thick fuck my mouth."

"That's an ego boost." I chuckle

"I hope this isn't a one-off"

"It was the best head I've received. I'm down to do this again."

"Next time, you'll have more than my mouth." She says this as she touches her pussy.

"Next time."

##END##