 Now a few weeks had passed and me and the boss would more regularly sleep with each other at work in the office which had if anything, spiced up my marriage.

I was about to leave for work when my boss said that there was a package for me. I thought at first he was being rude and was hinting to another late night in the office except today there was an actual package on my desk. It was a large box with a label on the top saying uniforms.

I sighed, the university wanted all admin staff to wear the same uniform. My boss fought for me to not have to as I was never in contact with students or with the public but I seemed to have not got away with that. I was mostly saddened because I knew it would probably be modest and these days that was not on my agenda. 

I took the box from my desk and was ready to take it home when my boss told me I was welcome to try it on here. I knew he was hinting at a little show but I told him if he was good and waited then it'd be a surprise for tomorrow.

***

It was the morning and I had just finished doing my hair after having a shower. I decided to go with my red lace balcony bra today as I was feeling kinky and knew I was gonna let my boss unload either in me or on me at work. 

I opened my box and pulled out the top. The t-shirt was light grey and a V neck line. It looked okay I guess. There was a grey and yellow scarf which made the outfit look a little too travel agent for me but never mind. there was also a black pencil skirt and belt. I also noticed a white blouse too which had the university logo on the front which it seemed had to be worn with the scarf. I decided today I was going to go for the t-shirt as they were both equally as ugly to me. 

It was far more modest than previous weeks attire which I had been wearing to wind my boss up during the day.

I put on the skirt first and it seemed to fit okay which I was glad because I told him I was a 16 and it can be hard when you don't know the brand.

I put my top over my head and pulled it down and it felt pretty tight, especially over my breasts. I pulled it harder and it got over them which I was shocked at because I didn't think my breasts were that big. I realised it was actually tight all over and showed the lace of my bra through the thin material. I realised then that my boss had ordered the wrong size but I was running too late to change now and quickly tied my scarf and got in my car.

When I got to work my boss was not there yet. I logged on to my computer and started looking through my emails. He came in and stood behind me and asked me if my uniform was ok. I told him about the top being too small and to my surprise he just smiled and said " I know, I put down a smaller size to give myself something to look at during the day"

I must admit I was shocked but the boldness which I guess was to be expected was a massive turn on. He looked down and my breasts and gave on a little squeeze as I let out a soft moan.

He was such a wind up and I could feel myself getting moist as he just went to his desk and took a seat.

It wasn't until the end of the day at nearly 6pm when my pussy teasing boss paid me any attention again. He leaned back in his chair and I could see the bulge between his legs under his trousers. 

He came behind me and motioned for me to stand. His fingers took over with a mind of their own, slipping under my tight t-shirt like they had done it a thousand times. He traced the under side of one soft breast with the back of his fingers. 

When he cupped a breast, I groaned, my breathing sporadic, taking both nipples between forefingers and thumbs, he twisted and pulled until my moaning became loud. He then pushed me to my knees and I knew what awaited me.

Normally, I don't mind him being forward, but tonight I had something else in mind, and didn't want to waste his precious juice. Still, the look and man smell of him, and the slight wetness of his pre-come made me want him more. Rubbing my face over his rapidly lengthening member, which began to fatten, I grabbed his ass cheeks, pulled him to me, my polished nails digging into the firm flesh.

I plastered my lips against the very tip of him, nibbling not too gently. My tongue sought the tiny slit in the barrel of his fleshy gun, wanting the clear fluid that seeped there. I've often wondered why tasting pre-cum swept my inhibitions away, like it was some fabled fairy juice. I sucked hard, my tongue running up and down on the soft underside in swift butterfly movements. 

"Oh baby," he said. "You know what I like."

"Es, ah doo," I mumbled around the thickness of him.

With increased pressure, he indicated that he wanted his cock all the way inside, and I had to be careful that he didn't cum too soon. Sometimes, when he's worked up, he pushes his cock in so deep it's difficult to swallow, and when that happens, he cums right now. He's just a once-a-night man, but will please me other ways, even after he's shot his load, so I wasn't worried at being left sexed up. Tonight though, I needed him in my own way, and I'd been thinking about this all day. 

Allowing him some depth, I stopped him by gripping the base, just before the tip lodged against the back of my throat. I don't mind when I'm ready, to take his full length, but I have to prepare, and in his eagerness, he sometimes forgets.

"Ohooo, honey. You know what I need."

As his hips moved, the meat of him slid inside his outer skin like sheath, forcing my fist tight to my lips. He began to tremble, the telltale sign, and I made him pop out.

"Ohhhh, honey, not yet." He groaned, hips still in motion.

I gave his producer of pleasure a final kiss, and for good luck planted a couple on his flat stomach as it hovered over my face.

"Relax baby," I said. "I have something in mind that you'll enjoy so much more."

"But, I love your beautiful mouth."

I laughed. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, you just love to cum in it."

"That too," he agreed.

"If you don't like what I have in mind, I'll finish you orally," I said, and watched his smile grow.

I turned away from him and hiked my skirt up to show my ass and pulled my red lace thong down to the floor. I placed both hands on his desk and looked back at him. 

"I want to try, but you have to promise me first that you'll only insert the head, and if I say stop, that's what you'll do."

"Of course," he said, sounding hurt that I would even mention it.

"There's special lube in the drawer." I indicated my side of the bed with a tilt of my head. "Use plenty."

It took several minutes for him to fumble with the cap, and then I felt him at the backdoor.

"That's cold," I said, shivering, then his finger entered, "Ahhh, easy, baby."

He smeared the buttery syrup all around the inside and outside of me.

I was both willing and apprehensive beyond words at this point. Then the head of him was pushing at the entrance, and I tried to relax. Impossible. Which made it more difficult for him to enter. It felt like tree trunk at my little entrance. Maybe if I helped a little by heating up my sexual drive. One hand went to my clit, and I thought of all the wonders of climax, and then he just sort of . . . popped inside.

When he went through that little ridged area, my ass yawned. I felt his staff with my fingers, rubbed the underside, along the large vein that pulsed with life, and I felt like defecating, but knew that to be wrong. The circumference of him stretched my virgin back door like an expanded rubber inner tube.

I was positive an extra-large diameter sausage pushed into me, not the cock that I loved, and wincing, my breath quickened.

"My god, you are so tight," he whispered, his hands searching and finding my tits squashed under my t-shirt and bra. His fingers capturing the nipple through my top. Pleasure rushed toward my pussy. I could swear he was getting longer. Shit, he was pushing.

"I can take a little more," I said, wanting to feel him as deep as he does vaginally. 

His pelvic region had yet to make contact with my ass cheeks, so I knew he was holding himself back, and not even close to halfway inside. It felt like much more, and all I could take at this time. He must have heard my thoughts for he ceased and stiffened.

"Oh, no, I'm sorry, I can't help it," he said. "You're so tight."

Oh my god, he's about to cum, my mind screamed and I prepared myself for that final lurch, the sharp pain as he rammed forward. He expanded, causing further tension in my sphincter. My breath sucked in and I held it expecting the worst. A sensation not at all unpleasant, as if hot water shot through the inner sanctum of my ass, once, twice and then a third and fourth time.

He left his member in me as he collapsed his weight on me against the desk. He lay there a while as his cock started to shrink and fall out of me. 

I felt him get up and we both pulled our underwear up off the floor and I pulled my skirt down and straightened my top. My nipples were poking through my t-shirt and I was still horny. My boss offered to finish me off but I thought I might give my husband sloppy seconds yet again.