 M assistant had just died her hair red. I decided she needed some fire red underwear to go with her new hair.

I went to M&S to get a red bra and thong set and asked for it to be wrapped. 

When I got to work I put the set in her drawer and left it there til she got in around 8am.

I instructed her to go into her drawer and take out the package and put it on in the toilet.

She became so good recently at following my instructions. Bearing in mind I usually make her have sex with her husband while my cum is either on her or in her, this was a small ask.

When she came back in she had a big smile and you could easily make out the lace design through her white blouse. My dick began to rise and it wasn't even 9am yet.

"Wow, Eric. You look like you just got whacked in the head with a stupid stick. You okay?"

"Oh...yeah. Fine. Just admiring the view. No problem."

"Good, because if you play your cards right tonight, you just might get to see more than this..."

She ran her hand over my crotch lightly as she said this.

I got teased all day and my dick needed to explode on her tits!

***

I enjoyed teasing him. I felt in control today. This evening he was mine. 

I was about 7pm when the last person left our department. I went over to my bosses desk and leaned across to get something from his drawer pressing my face close to his crotch.

My face was near his crotch, a bulge had tented his pants. I undid his pants and pulled his rigid cock out. A bead of precum leaked out slowly when I squeezed him. I stuck my tongue out and swirled it around the engorged head. He braced his hands on the arms of his chair, and moaned. He started to thrust slowly into my mouth, grunting. I wrapped my hand around the base and slid my mouth down him until my hand bumped my lips. Moaning softly, I began to pump his cock slowly with my wet mouth and warm hand. I picked up speed when he growled deeply and tangled one of his hands in my red hair. 

"Ah shit. Baby, I'm gonna cum." he warned me quietly, his breath came harsh and fast.

I gripped him tighter with my hand and mouth, and bobbed frantically. I felt him swell, and hot, salty cum flooded my mouth. I hungrily drank him down and moaned in bliss at his taste.

I stood slowly wiping the cum from my face with a smile.

He pulled me in roughly and pinned me against a wall. He pressed his muscular thigh between my thighs and ground. Our lips crashed together in a bruising, savage kiss. Our tongues swirled and danced together wickedly. He pulled my skirt up.

I'm propped against the wall, my blouse clad tits swelled with each breath. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my thong and pushed it off.

I sat on the edge of the desk and wrapped my legs around his thighs. He gently laid me back and kissed down my neck and undid my blouse to expose my bra clad tits. I moaned in pleasure, my fingers buried in his hair.

He rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit energetically. 

"I fucking love anything you want to do to me! God! Get that dick in me now!" I ordered.

His swollen cock head pushed against my entrance urgently, finally he broke through with a quick thrust of his hips. his hands gripped my thick hips roughly. He started slamming his cock to the hilt over and over in my pussy.

My soft body jiggled as his hips slapped against my ass in a frenzy. Roughly, he whacked my ass hard until it was as red as my hair.

"I'm cumming! Oh fuck yes!" I screamed wildly, my pussy gripped him tightly as my creamy cum coated his cock completely.

"Holy shit! Milk this cock, baby! I'm gonna explode!" his thrusts grow harder and faster then suddenly he roared. He rammed into me and held still. His dick swelled and shot hot cum deep into me over and over. Each spurt dragged a guttural grunt from him. 

I felt in full control. Tonight I was his boss.