 I had been having an affair with my boss for years now. He loved me in his office teasing him in my tight shirt and skirt all day and then cumming all over me or in me. Then I would go home and screw my husband and he'd never know.

When we first got together I was a size 18. But now having been at the gym most mornings these last few years I was about a size 10 with C cup tits. They were a little saggy cause of the weight loss bit I looked pretty hot.

I worked in a university and once or twice a year I would have to go in early because of the flood of applications from students.

I came straight from the gym today so I was still wearing my grey yoga pants and a black top. I walked into the office and bent down to put my bag down by my desk. The moment I did this I felt a hand run along my pussy lips. I guess Eric had a good view and I hadn't noticed him in there. 

I slowly stood back up and turned to face him. I smiled and sat on the edge of my desk and spread my legs and rubbed my pussy through my pants with my hand. With my free hand I played with my tits through my top until my nipples got hard.

I saw Eric's pants start to grow and I became fixated on it. I then jumped down off the desk and gripped his hard cock and whispered in his ear "You can have me at the end of the day if you are a good boy". I then got my bag and headed to the changing room.

Today was a casual day so after my shower I put on my pink bra and matching thong. I got into a black skirt and loose fitting light blue shirt.

I spent most of the day of finding ways to lean forward and letting my shirt fall to give Eric a great view of my tits. I also made him a little jealous by doing the same to a few other guys in the office. They would be almost dribbling every time I leaned forward and gave them a view of the pink lace holding up my tits.

***

I could see her flaunting her body all over the office. She kept giving me great views of her tits and I was hard most of the day. When we were alone she did let me have a little feel of her. I liked that she had on a loose shirt cause she had it unbuttoned enough for me to let my eyes wander and also I could go up her top and have a grope.

Just after lunch she let me have a little fondle. Slowly I started to rub lower down her front, tracing the contour of her bra under her top and I felt her body start to tremble. I drifted my hand across her tits and I felt her stiff nipples through the thin material of her pink lace bra. Her breathing started to get quicker when I touched her tits and I guessed she liked them being touched and was anticipating what was going to happen just as I was.

At the end of the day at like 7pm she sat at the end of my desk and unbuttoned one button of her shirt. I looked down at her beautiful body and saw her the soft skin of her cleavage and her tits encased by the lace bra.

I slipped my hands up, under her skirt and stroked higher on the inside of her soft thighs. My own heart was beating faster now that I was getting closer to my prize. She was wearing a matching lace thong and I dragged my finger across her pussy over the thin fabric. I felt her voluntarily spread her legs wider and she moved against my hand now that she was so turned on from my attention to her all day.

Deftly I moved her panties to one side to open up her pussy to my hands. Now I stroked her bare pussy with my hands. Her moans were louder and I rubbed up and down her pussy, spreading her juices that gave away her excitement.

Her gasps became faster when I started to rub the inside of her pussy, my finger sliding across her g-spot in a gentle rhythm. Then I started to fuck her older pussy with my finger, thrusting my finger in and out of her. Her pussy was clamped around my finger but I managed to slip in a second finger and continued to fuck her while she groaned and moaned.

I pulled my fingers out as she came close "That is your punishment" and smiled.

I grabbed her top in a fist and pulled her off my desk and on to her knees. 

"Take it into your mouth" I urged her.

Smiling at me she pulled back the foreskin from my hard cock and bent over it. She opened her mouth and slid her red lips over my cock, drawing it into her small hot mouth. I couldn't resist bucking my hips a little when I felt her tongue slide over the sensitive head of my cock, encased in her mouth. 

She then took my cock further into her mouth, sliding her red lips down the shaft until the end of my cock hit the back of her mouth. Slowly she moved back, her lips tight around me as she let my hard cock pop out of her mouth. Then she started a great rhythm on my cock as she fucked me with her mouth, all the time looking at me out of her sexy blue eyes while I watched my cock appear and then disappear into her mouth. She started to gently play with my balls while she sucked me and I could feel my cum starting to rise in my cock.

I pulled out my cock and started beating my cock over her cleavage. I could see her playing with herself with her fingers. Her eyes were filled with lust and I covered her chest with hot splashes of my cum. It got over her and she laughed as she bought herself to a climax.

I pulled my pants up and watched her rub my cum into her skin before she went home to her fella.