 I'm a large woman and proud of it. I'm not four hundred pounds or eight foot tall, but I average about one eighty and about five foot nine. I have an hour glass figure, a big hour glass. I'm not beautiful, although I've been told that I am. I have large eyes and large lips. My breasts aren't huge at a forty 'C', but they verge on a 'D' when I'm a bit puffy every month. 

I'd often wondered about what I look and sound like to other people, and so a few months back I saved and bought a camcorder which I've put to use. The camera is a nice one and allows me to output frames to my computer for storage. I've filmed myself in everyday clothes, dress ups, lingerie, and finally nude. I have front poses, rear poses, reclining poses, sleeping poses, walking and running poses. I have shower and bath pics and I have pics where I'm fondling myself in every way possible. I have extreme close-ups. I know what I look like. I have never sent erotic or nude pics to anyone on the net unless I'm truly attracted and have already met them. Even then I'm careful what I send.

I could lose a few pounds, sure, but I like the way I am. My breasts are ample and sensitive. My ass is large enough and somewhat heart shaped. My tummy is firm, but appears soft and only slightly rounded. My hips are broad, but not overly so. I am not short waisted although my legs are long enough to reach around nearly any man. My puss is smooth shaven and smooth with my body when the lips are not puffy or swollen. I can wear a bikini and have had guys whistle, but I've also had guys gag. Screw the gaggers.

I dress well, but I'm not extreme. I can wear a form fitting blouse fully buttoned, or show a lot of cleavage, and the guys still are attracted to me. I like skirts and slacks that hug my ass and yet provide ample room below to move freely. I hate underwires, but love the soft see-through mesh bras. I hate thongs, but love bikini panties.

I like sincere men, and I like intelligent men. I'm not a virgin and I've had my share of fun when I was younger. But with my thirtieth birthday behind me, I know what I'm looking for in a man. I've seen and met many men. I'm not a stranger to the Net either and I know what a man looks like. I know that many men think their package makes them extra special and they like to send pictures of it to every woman they write, but I'm not interested in that type of man. I'm not saying that some are not appealing, but extreme length or girth is not what I'm looking for. Also, I've noticed that most men with large cocks have small balls and that doesn't appeal to me at all.

I've been with men that were cut and men that were uncut, and I can definitely say that I prefer the cut version. In my opinion, cut cocks are cleaner generally and usually do not smell funny. I also want a man ample enough to satisfy me, but not so long that I feel inadequate. I want a man that has balls that hang away from his body to accent what else he has.

I've sucked a man's cock and refused to suck others. If a man doesn't appear and smell clean, I want no part of him, even if it takes a first date to find out. However, if a man is smart, attentive to his appearance and to me, has manners and a nice package then I might love to suck his cock. I also, love to watch a man with all of these features masturbate for me. I like to tease him, talk sweet to him and watch him while he watches me. I might do a slow strip or rip off my clothes to entice him. I also, may interfere and finish the job for myself. If I finish him, I don't hesitate to swallow. I've tasted a man's cum, and I've tasted my own. I like them both, but noticed that what a person eats has an impact on the flavor. If I suck a man, he'd better be willing to eat me.

I have a vibrator, and I've used it, but generally I refrain as much as I can from bringing it out. I've never met a man that can buzz at nineteen hundred times a minute and I want the opportunity to feel a man and what he does and can do for me. I want to appreciate him for what he is and does, not become enamoured of some human engineered piece of crap. I also don't want to get the habit of using something that is larger and longer than my man when I find him. 

I have a lot to offer a good man besides looks, size, or sexual interests (and my interest in sex is ravaging at times). I'm smart and a hard worker, but mostly I'm affectionate and dedicated. When I find him, I intend to be a one man woman, and he'd better be a one woman man. Monogamy is very high on my requirements list.



I'd been planning this for weeks. It was Friday night of a three day weekend and you'd soon be here. I'd shopped and had all of your favorite snacks and the stuff I needed for your favorite meals. I'd bought a new bed set of really soft sheets and pillow covers and even bought body pillows, three of them, and two new regular pillows that are king sized. I'd cleaned my place top to bottom, bought some new CD's and a couple of new Videos, and I'd gotten three new porno flicks in case you wanted them. I had some special foods to try in a slight fetish, and three new outfits for bed and lounging. I'd found some small treats in edible scented oils, body lotions, and some small toys. My final treat was from a 'pop-up' I got on the Net -- 6 blue Viagra pills.

We don't have a problem with sex or your erections, but I've heard marvelous things from my friends about those little blue pills. Now I was going for my shower; I'd already laid out what I wanted to wear and your robe was in the closet where I always kept it. You thought you were coming for the evening, and probably thought you'd work the weekend like always.

In the shower, I waxed my legs and my pussy then used a mildly scented beauty bar and a sweet smelling body lotion. I had four king sized bath towels for our use but I used my regular towel to dry myself this time. While I was in the shower I'd caressed my body all over. I used the pulsing shower head on my pussy to stimulate it the way I wanted it for when you got here. I wanted a long slow tease. I put on my favorite 'push-up and serve them for dinner' bra and my transparent low cut, extremely low cut, thong (the one you love and I hate) and then slid on my new buttoned-front housedress. 

That housedress had taken me a month to find and cost me fifty dollars. It fit perfectly, had widely spaced buttons for a view, no buttons above the bottom of my breasts, and it ended only slightly below my bottom. It was light material and had a bright sunflower and bluebird pattern. It was homey, sexy and very slightly transparent.

I began fixing dinner. But first, I'd set the table and put out the candles. It was late in the year and the days were getting shorter. It would be almost dark when you arrived in less than an hour. I washed three large potatoes for microwaving, put three large marinated steaks in a frying pan, added frozen succotash and water to a saucepan, and tossed a green salad. I then opened a large can of Campbell's Chunky and poured it into two soup dishes and placed them in the microwave. Next, I removed the bottle of a mild dinner wine that I'd been cooling in the refrigerator; put it in ice and on the table. I had a Chocolate Silk pie in the freezer that we liked to eat when nearly frozen, I planned to take it out and put it on a platter when I started the steaks.

I was ready and thought I had about fifteen minutes to rest when you came in the door. You'd parked your car in the usual place on the street where nosey neighbors wouldn't ask questions. We live alone, separately, and have been seeing each other with occasional one niters for about three months. You are tall at a few inches above six feet, have a satisfying build and always have a warm smile and a jovial personality. These are the things I love about you. Of course you also have a continually demanding sex drive that doesn't detract from the package. Speaking of packages, yours is the greatest and always leaves me breathless when I see it.

You kissed me as if you hadn't seen me in a year and I thought that this was going to be perfect. I could smell your fragile but unique identity. You lifted me, spun me around and studied me. You told me how tantalizing I looked. Apparently satisfied, you put your coat and case in the closet and asked what was for dinner. 

Disappointed, I turned and started back to the kitchen when you grabbed me around the waist and nuzzled my neck. You kissed my neck again and again and whispered that you meant I was to be your dinner. Your hands were all over me, caressing my breasts from behind and then slowly descending to rise again under the hem and find my thong. I felt their eagerness and latent urgency. You asked what I was wearing, and then dropped to your knees and spun me around. Your arms went around my hips and you pulled me hard toward you. I felt your face nuzzle me and I felt your warmth all the way to my clit. You unbuttoned my frail dress and I felt your lips kiss my bare thighs. A moment before I'd felt your hands so near my breasts that I wanted you to hold them.

Your face was against me and I could hear you inhale deeply as your lips pressed against me. I protested that I'd just gotten dressed when you smiled up and without looking reached and pulled aside the front of my thong. 

Quickly you burrowed your mouth against my softness and I could feel your kisses and then your tongue. You breathlessly announced how sweet I tasted. I tried to back up but you still had one powerful arm around my hips. I couldn't help myself, this was exactly what I'd needed and without a thought my leg came up and over your shoulder exposing my hungry pussy. As you ran your tongue over me and down between my lips, my leg tightened over your shoulder and pulled you closer. I moved my hands to your hair and ran my fingers through it feeling the coarse fullness of it as I pulled your head to me.

I shivered, my hips spasmed, and I nearly fell backwards before I caught myself and managed to stay upright. You slowly crawled on your knees and pushed me back up against the living room wall where I had support to keep from falling and then a wave of ecstasy swept me into its mall. I bent forward with my hands on your back and then reached around your waist as my hips began a life and motion of their own that I hadn't known they possessed. I heard you moaning and the sounds of your small kisses. I felt them as you worked. You worked on me for what must have been more than thirty minutes and I was totally lost in passion. I could taste the sweetness of you still in my mouth, and the feelings you had aroused were consuming me. I was yours to do with as you would.

When I finally regained my senses you were carrying me in your arms and toward the bed. I'm always amazed how you can even lift me, let alone carry me. I moved my arms around your neck and pulled myself forward to kiss you as you placed me gently on those soft, smooth, cool sheets. You slowly undressed me and ran your finger tips lightly over each part of my body as you exposed it. Now, I remember you slowly removing my arms from the dress and spreading it fully opened under me on the bed. I remember you opening the front clasp on my bra and folding it carefully away from my breasts. I also remember you crawling between my legs and lifting them over your shoulders again as you reached down and slid the thong from my hips and then had to back off to fully remove it.

Then I remember how you slowly removed your clothes in a sort of slow male striptease that had my tongue hanging loosely at the corner of my mouth. I watched in fascination as you removed your briefs and I saw your erection again. I feasted my eyes and reached out for you. You came into my arms and our completely nude bodies finally come into full contact. I felt my breasts against your heaving chest and the warmth of your firm, warm abdominals pressed urgently against me. I felt your cock press demandingly against me and then I willingly spread my thighs to allow it a place to rest.

I remember reaching down and holding you and the thrill it gave me to feel its strength and need of me. I remember it long, hard and alive in my hand. I remember your fingers and hands traveling to my breasts and my nipples hardening under your touch. I remember the feeling as you squeezed my breasts, kneading and fondling them and raising them to your mouth. I remember your warm, wet mouth and your wickedly demanding tongue. I remember kissing you and tasting myself on your lips and in your mouth. Your kiss was sweet but sweetened even more by my need of you. You slowly traveled and warmed me as you brought your cock to what felt to me like the center of my being. 

I remember your slow parting of my lips as you teased and partially entered me. I remember that tease as you slowly rubbed the head back and forth and around my clit. I remember feeling the surge of a mini erection in my clit and then the further parting of my lips as you began to enter and I felt the caress of your cock as it slowly extended itself and then your hips began to rotate and I could feel the pressure of it traveling around me again and again. It was like a miniature vertigo as if I were falling as it swirled within me. The vertigo seemed to increase as you descended further into my depths. 

I remember the feeling as you bottomed and began delivering the steady pile-driver thrusting and then the impulse that I felt to follow and counter each move of your body. I remember the tempo building and the rhythm changing as you continued to make love to me. I remember our bodies colliding again and again and the steadily increasing moisture from our bodies caused by the heat of our passion. I remember the sound of your body slapping my own, and the steady moaning and coarse breathing you exhibited as you mounted higher and higher. I remember feeling you go wild and then stiffen as you climaxed and drove your warm sweet juices deep into my body. Your warmth was like a river filling a small opening and then running on downhill, fully unchecked and unrestricted. I was both warm and filled.

I remember my response as I, too, climaxed again and again and I milked every drop from your body. My mouth tasted sweeter than it had in days. I remember the taste of you as your tongue stiffened and I tightened my lips around it and my tongue circled it. I remember the urgency of our breathing and the soft, gentle moans that we each released. I can still feel my arms and legs wrapped securely around you for minutes after, and I can still remember the sweet disappointment as your cock softened and withdrew leaving me feeling satisfied but now empty.

Spent as you were from this adventure, you rolled off me and then moved close. You placed one arm over me and turned me to face you. My breasts were compressed against your firm chest and you kissed me and thanked me. Your arm dropped to my ass and you pulled me closer until I could feel your warmth against the full length of my body. We lay that way for a short time until your slow breathing told me that you were asleep. I waited a few extra minutes, luxuriating in your warm and nearness, before slowly easing your arm over me and leaving the bed. I walked to the bathroom and cleaned myself.

I dressed again, but this time only in my housedress, and I went to the kitchen. I was not planning to sleep away this weekend and so I started dinner. While the soup was heating, I lit the candles on the table and turned out the light, the room was just right. When the microwave alarmed me, I went in to wake you. 

You were laying just as I'd left you and I walked around to sit on the edge of the bed. I noticed a slight return of life to your cock and went to the bathroom and returned with a warm cloth and towel. As I reached and took you in my hands, you awoke and your cock seemed to jump toward me. I've had several serious boyfriends over the years, but in comparison I'm always amazed at how quickly you seem to recover. I loved it when you told me that it was only what I do for you that makes you always so willing and ready. I wanted it to be true.

I teased you a little as I cleaned and dried you, and then took you in my hands and enjoyed for a moment the strength and softness of it. I looked at its boldness and studied its appearance before I leaned forward and kissed it. My kiss caused it to jump again and I felt the need to take it in my mouth and caress it with my tongue. But, I'd let that need tease me sweetly for a bit longer as I remembered dinner and urged you out of bed and into your robe.

I hurried back to the kitchen, removed the soup and put the potatoes into the microwave, and then started the steaks. I put the pie on a plate to warm. While everything was cooking, I carried the soup to the table. You were standing at my chair and as I put the soup down, you took me in your arms and kissed me again. I felt your fingers on the buttons of my dress, again, and when they were undone; I felt your body against mine and for the first time noticed that you hadn't tied your opened robe. Again, I felt your erection against me and your body moving and rubbing me, and I almost climaxed again.

However, I managed to push you away and moved to my chair. You held my chair and seated me while laughing at my fluster. When you'd finally taken your seat, you paused for a moment and said Grace over the meal. Another fine thing, I thought, from a fine man. As we ate and I was nearly finished, I felt your foot come up and force my thighs apart and your toes begin to play. You were always having fun with me, but I excused myself, picked up the soup dishes and returned with the salad. I've never known whether soup or salad should be served first, when both are served. But I've always felt that the warmth of the soup, followed by the coolness of a salad and then the warmth, again, of a meal provide the most interesting variety.

You opened the wine and filled our glasses. The toe play continued through the salad, but this time they were my toes. I even managed to capture your cock between my two largest toes and stroke you to distraction from eating. We talked about simple things, and this weekend, and how you still thought you would work tomorrow. My own secret plans were for a nice fulfilling weekend of sex and togetherness.

The rest of the meal was great, but when I brought the pie you wanted to adjourn and eat it in bed. You carried me again, all hundred and eighty carrying two pie plates, into the bed. When I was down, you took the pie and placed both dishes on the night stand. Then you took your pillow and placed it under my hips to raise them. With me in that position you walked to the foot of the bed, put your knees on it and crawled toward me. As your head came to my thighs you reached down, spread them wide, and then placed your face on my tummy. You kissed and licked my tummy before beginning the long teasing journey down to my pussy. Meanwhile your hands were above your head and fondling my breasts and nipples. It felt as if an electrical connection had been made between each nipple and my clit.

When your lips finally met my own, you began the long process of tongue torture that always brought me to the edge of the chasm. It was that sweet, suffering wait for my climax. You always sustained me there for what seemed an eternity each time, but you usually allowed me to peak after about an hour of quivering and begging for the end. I heard only silence as your tongue first traced the outline and then the center between my lips. 

Finally, you began the arduous task of separating them and that feeling of pleasure I get from your tongue against them both in that moment before they're parted. I felt your tongue, almost synchronized with your fingers on my nipples and the soft moving pressure of your hands on my breasts. I felt the soft coarseness of your tongue on the inner wall of each lip as it moved around, and around, and around before finding my clit and circling it.
