 Part two Intro

I'm repeating what I've said in Part One. I'm a large woman and proud of it. I'm not four hundred pounds or eight foot tall, but I average about one eighty and about five foot nine. I have an hour glass figure, a big hour glass. I'm not beautiful, although I've been told that I am. I have large eyes and large lips. My breasts aren't huge at a forty 'C', but they verge on a 'D' when I'm a bit puffy every month. 

I'd often wondered about what I look and sound like to other people, and so a few months back I saved and bought a camcorder which I've put to use. The camera is a nice one and allows me to output frames to my computer for storage. I've filmed myself in everyday clothes, dress ups, lingerie, and finally nude. I have front poses, rear poses, reclining poses, sleeping poses, walking and running poses. I have shower and bath pics and I have pics where I'm fondling myself in every way possible. I have extreme close-ups. I have never sent erotic or nude pics to anyone on the net unless I'm truly attracted and have already met them. Even then I'm careful what I send.

I could lose a few pounds, sure, but I like the way I am. My breasts are ample and sensitive. My ass is large enough and somewhat heart shaped. My tummy is firm, but appears soft and only slightly rounded. My hips are broad, but not overly so. I am not short waisted although my legs are long enough to reach around nearly any man. My puss is smooth shaven and smooth with my body when the lips are not puffy or swollen. I can wear a bikini and have had guys whistle, but I've also had guys gag. Screw the gaggers.

I dress well, but I'm not extreme. I can wear a form fitting blouse fully buttoned, or show a lot of cleavage, and the guys still are attracted to me. I like skirts and slacks that hug my ass and yet provide ample room below to move freely. I hate underwires, but love the soft see-through mesh bras. I hate thongs, but love bikini panties.

I like sincere men, and I like intelligent men. I'm not a virgin and I've had my share of fun when I was younger. But with my thirtieth birthday behind me, I know what I'm looking for in a man. I've seen and met many men. I'm not a stranger to the Net either and I know what a man looks like.  I know that many men think their package makes them extra special and they like to send pictures of it to every woman they write, but I'm not interested in that type of man. I'm not saying that some are not appealing, but extreme length or girth is not what I'm looking for. Also, I've noticed that most men with large cocks have small balls and that doesn't appeal to me at all.

I've been with men that were cut and men that were uncut, and I can definitely say that I prefer the cut version. In my opinion, cut cocks are cleaner generally and usually do not smell funny. I also want a man ample enough to satisfy me, but not so long that I feel inadequate. I want a man that has balls that hang away from his body to accent what else he has.

I've sucked a man's cock and refused to suck others. If a man doesn't appear and smell clean, I want no part of him, even if it takes a first date to find out. However, if a man is smart, attentive to his appearance and to me, has manners and a nice package then I might love to suck his cock. I also, love to watch a man with all of these features masturbate for me. I like to tease him, talk sweet to him and watch him while he watches me. I might do a slow strip or rip off my clothes to entice him. I also, may interfere and finish the job for myself. If I finish him, I don't hesitate to swallow. I've tasted a man's cum, and I've tasted my own. I like them both, but noticed that what a person eats has an impact on the flavor. If I suck a man, he'd better be willing to eat me.

I have a vibrator, and I've used it, but generally I refrain as much as I can from bringing it out. I've never met a man that can buzz at nineteen hundred times a minute and I want to feel a man and what he does and can do for me. I want to appreciate him for what he is and does, not some human engineered piece of crap. I also don't want to get the habit of using something that is larger and longer than my man when I find him. 

I have a lot to offer a good man besides looks, size, or sexual interests (and my interest in sex is ravaging at times). I'm smart and a hard worker, but mostly I'm affectionate and dedicated. When I find him, I intend to be a one man woman, and he'd better be a one woman man. Monogamy is very high on my requirements list.

In Part One, we'd already agreed on a totally nude weekend, except for calls to the door or emergencies.

Part Two

I woke Sunday morning and we'd slept with a sheet and cover over us. I'd been asking myself if I'm a Nympho or a partial Nympho (is there such a thing?). I'd planned this for weeks, and even now I couldn't get enough of you. I watched your face, sleeping peacefully with your dark hair and a bit of the five o'clock shadow, and I was ready again. You'd think that after my episode with the pill yesterday that I'd be too sore, but your efforts in the shower and oral ministrations with sufficient tongue work had done wonders in my healing.

I raised the covers and studied your body while you slept. Poor dear, I'd probably worn you out. Hah! Those arms and legs were going to be busy again soon. I noticed that your pretty cock was not yet awake. I could fix that, so I pulled the covers over my head and descended to begin the slow pleasure of awakening it and you.

As I touched and tickled our cock (I now knew it was mine, too), you turned just slightly and your legs came open. I slowly and softly reached under you, cupped your balls in both hands, and pulled them slowly out to the front. I felt the coldness that caused your body to slowly draw your balls in closer and the pouch that contained them to shrink and hug them. I moved closer and ran my tongue around them. The dark hair around your cock tickled my nose and I was afraid for a moment that I might sneeze or cough and awaken you before I was ready. But, I managed to control the tickling and took one in my mouth and it was like a jaw breaker candy that I didn't want to bite. I took a deep breath and your muskiness caused me to become even more aroused. I ran that softness around in my mouth and circled it with my tongue before continuing to the other of the pair. When I'd finished, you had a nice healthy hard-on and I moved closer until I felt your knee between my breasts.

I wrapped both hands around your cock and began to kiss it from the head down the shaft. I spent most of my time with its head and enjoyed hearing you moan softly when I tickled its eye. I pulled the soft skin around it into my mouth and enjoyed its soft silkiness between my lips. I ran my tongue along your outside vein, remembering its color in the dark. I could sense each heartbeat and the soft pulsing between my lips as I sucked softly on that vein. I raised you up against your tummy and kissed the underside of your head and sealed a long kiss around your sensitive spot and tickled it with my tongue for minutes. I could feel your body tighten and your hips push out toward me as I worked. I could feel your enjoyment by its further stiffening. Under the covers, in the dark, my mind was sketching visions of what it looked like. 

You rolled your body to where you were laying almost on your back, and I followed but had to lean across your firmly muscled thigh in order to continue waking you. I felt your warmth on my breasts and enjoyed the feeling of closeness that I get when I'm naked against you. With your cock pointed at the ceiling I took it fully into my mouth, or as much as I could, and began the morning blow job that I'd been leading up to. Your head always seemed to fill and stretch my mouth until I'd been at a it for a few minutes. Does a person's jaws unhinge like a reptiles does? The longer I go, the more room I seem to have for you. Oh you felt so nice and tasted so good that morning. I moved one hand over you and squeezed one cheek of your cute, firm ass.

The longer I worked, the more your cock strained and the wetter I got. Finally, I felt you stir as you began to wake up and I plunged you deeper into my mouth and sucked harder. A moment later I heard your teasing voice and then moan asking if last night wasn't enough and whether I ever got enough. I paused and raised my head only a moment to ask if you were complaining and then I resumed my effort. You responded by reaching under the cover and taking my hair into your hand again. Gently you guided my head and then just before you climaxed, you pulled the cover up, looked down at me and began a motion that seemed out of control as your hips thrust again and again. Raising me with your hips as you climaxed, and feeling you sweetly fill my mouth, was enough to make me climax, too.

When I'd resumed breathing, you piled two pillows on top of each other and then reached under my arms, pulled me up and kissed me. We cuddled for a few minutes before you said that you knew I was still horny. I was, and so you made me sit up with my back to the pillows. You crawled down, rolled onto your tummy with your head raised and squeezed your body between my legs. Your face was only inches above my puss and looking up at me when you told me you wanted to watch me masturbate.

Even though I'd done it with a guy before, I'd never done it with you because there didn't seem a need to do it, with our sex life. I smiled and said that I wanted you. You said no and asked me if I'd do it for you.  I felt self conscious, but your teasing and excited appeal began to work on me.  I love a lusty man.

A man watching is very exciting, but it was you watching and that made me more excited and I wanted to please and excite you. I reached out and traced your moist lips with my fingers and then lowered them to my lips and gently pushed them aside to enter and touch my clit. Even though I'd climaxed only minutes before, my clit was still firm and my touch was a quick and exciting stimulus. I held back my lips and hood to give you a better view. I rubbed it for a few moments and then raised my moistened fingers to your lips again, and you seemed to devour them. As you cleaned each finger, I moved my other hand to my clit and continued.

After a few moments, I returned the first hand and moved the second hand to slide slowly and softly through the folds of my lips. My hand came away wetter than before as I moved it to your lips. Your tongue caressing my hand and your warm moist mouth sucking each finger made me return again. This time I entered my pussy with a finger, and then two to reach and stimulate my g-spot. I began to stroke while circling my clit with the second hand. My mouth was open and my tongue against my upper lips when I rocked forward and kissed you. You wrapped your arms around me and only momentarily distracted me before a minor climax took my breath away.

You reached forward and pushed my finger hard against my clit and the juices increased their flow. I was rapidly approaching a second climax, a major one, when you reached forward and held the hand rubbing my g-spot and your head nuzzled aside the hand at my clit. Your mouth closed on my lips and your tongue shot forward to continue the stroking of my clit. I continued moving the fingers against my spot. The combination of your tongue and your hand holding my hand while I fingered myself caused my body to enter overdrive and I screamed your name and a softly whispered thank you throughout my climax. I really dampened the sheet this time even though you seemed to dive in and help. I had never generated that much passion before without touching or feeling your cock.

I'd turned up the heater before bed and it was warm when I finally managed to climb from the bed and walk toward the bathroom. I looked back and could see your firm thighs, tight buns, and strong back. As you rolled to face me, I could see your strong chest, your biceps and your tight abs. You are a handsome man with a great body. I took a quick shower, dried myself, and then chased you out of bed so that I could wash the sheets. While you took your shower, I stripped the bed and carried the sheets to the washer. I'd just entered the soap when I heard you turn off the shower. I turned on the washer and then started breakfast.

You are such a horn-dog. I'd just set the table, pulled a pan and placed it on the range when you came out. I stood in front of the refrigerator and bent over to get the carton of eggs on the bottom shelf when I heard you walk up behind me and ask me to spread my legs. I spread them slightly and started to stand up. You told me to stay that way but to spread further. I did and felt your hands reach under and fondle me from behind. A moment passed like this when I felt you remove a hand and then quickly return with your cock. I've never been screwed from behind, but you seemed to have no trouble at all. Being held while bent over and being screwed is quite exciting.

You slid it in and then reached around and cupped my breasts. I felt your head pressing and then pushing my g-spot as you walked forward and inserted it deeper. I could feel your hips pressing and then thrusting against my ass as I held onto the sides of the opened refrigerator. The feeling was so different, and yet so rewarding that I knew why women liked this. I began movements of my own, twisting and shoving backward opposite your own actions. One of your hands dropped to my clit and you began fingering me again as you thrust. Can a woman have two massive orgasms within twenty minutes? You bet! Can a man? Abso-fuckin-lutely! I almost fell in an exhausted heap on the floor when you'd finished. But you guided me to the table and I sat gratefully. As I've said, I love a lusty man, and you definitely proved yourself that time. 

When I'd recovered, I stood and walked on wobbly legs, to get the eggs and finally close the refrigerator door. I sat again and looked at you and reminded you of your comment about last night not being enough for me. We both laughed and it was fun to be with you. You're always full of delightful surprises and your sex drive is probably almost as strong as my own. It was only seven thirty.

We finished breakfast and you helped me with the dishes and we retired to the living room. I sat on the sofa and you sat in my recliner while we watched the morning football game on ESPN. At lunchtime, I warmed the lasagna you'd ordered the night before. We ate in the living room and watched NASCAR races until about two Sunday afternoon 

You excused yourself and used the bathroom and my mind went to work. I quickly piled two pillows on the gloor in front of the sofa and when I heard you returning I quickly changed positions. When you came into the room my legs were over the back of the sofa and my head was hanging over the edge of the front seat cushions. While upside down, I smiled at you and asked you to come over and kneel on the cushions. I reached for you and brought you to my lips. This was my afternoon surprise and we each enjoyed sixty-nine, although you managed to distract me more than a little and more than once.

Dinner was early and consisted of a Chef's salad with cornbread that I'd made. Desert was partially frozen melon balls and Cool Whip. I'd reserved the other pasta for Monday afternoon or evening. We lay down side by side on the sofa again with the comforter over us and you chose to watch one of the flicks I'd bought. It was better porn than the night before when you didn't even watch. I dozed through most of it, with you waking me only for the parts you thought the most exciting. After the movie, I popped some corn and we ate it while watching the nightly news. 

We each visited the powder room and then we were back in that position with me on my back with head leaning over the cushions and feet up and over the back of the sofa with my thighs wide. Your two pillows were on the floor in front of me and you'd just put a small black case on the back of the sofa as you kneeled in front of me. I didn't have time to wonder much about that case or where it came from as I reached out and pulled you to my mouth. With one hand I circled you and with the other I cupped your balls as I began to circle you with my tongue before taking you deep into my mouth.

I love to please you this way, and always have a soft thrill as the blood rushed to my head and your blood to your erection. As I began to pleasure you, I felt you bend forward and begin to pleasure me. At first it was easy to concentrate on what I was doing, but quickly it became your control as again I felt the pleasure of your mouth and tongue. As you started to stroke, I was restricted from much head movement although my mouth and tongue were quite busy and I used both hands the best I could.

As I've said, your lips against mine and your mouth and tongue were defeating me as I began to thrust, too. I coud feel your cock moving, pulsing and driving in my mouth, but my own pleasure was exquisite as I felt my first climax. It was only a moment and you had me cumming again and again. Meanwhile, your hips were pushing and retracting at an increasing rate. Again, I could feel you entering my throat and I longed to have you cum again and feel you warming me all over as you climaxed.

Both of your arms were around my hips and your hands firmly cupping my cheeks when I felt you reaching a peak just after my last climax. I began to suck harder and my hands began to seriously manipulate you. Suddenly you stopped and took your mouth away and I felt one arm relax and withdraw. I was disappointed that you'd stopped, but I tried to continue my own efforts and bring you back. A moment passed as you busied yourself at something. With my head down that way I couldn't see and I was largely engrossed in you anyway.

Just as suddenly, I felt your cock enter me and begin to stroke. How could this be, no one else was here and your cock was in my mouth? I was temporarily puzzled , but then I didn't care. It really felt like your cock in me and I knew the one in my mouth was you. It was marvelously warm and curved against my g-spot. My pussy was stroked again and again and going deeper with each stroke. Both of your arms and hands were around me again. There was quickly a pattern developing, You thrust into my mouth as you withdrew from my pussy and then the movements were reversed. I didn't care because whatever was happening it was almost perfect. Was this a dream?

As I felt you thrusting deeper into my throat, you were also thrusting deeper into my pussy. As you bottomed out in my pussy I felt the strangest thrill as your cock vibrated in my pussy. Quickly it stopped as you withdrew. Each time it was harder to catch my breath as you withdrew from my mouth and the vibration went off in my pussy. With each thrust the vibration was stronger. I was at my peak, nearly as strong as when you arrived Friday night and about to cum gushers when I felt you begin to cum and I let it enter deep into me and down my throat. Your, cum triggered my own and as I climaxed and the fluid shot from me, I felt you cum in my pussy. It was a long, warm cum as you filled me at both ends. You withdrew from my throat and I could breathe again, but I was enjoying the twin fantasy of you in two places at once and cumming warmly, deliciously in each.

You'd somehow withdrawn your cock from my pussy and were busy cleaning me and I felt your firm tongue at work as I too began cleaning you. I was completely drained and deliciously pleased as I fought to catch my breath. Now my curiosity became more active and I puzzled over what I'd experienced. After a few moments, I let you withdraw from my mouth and you stopped cleaning me. I rolled sideways on the sofa and you managed to lie beside me. I kissed you deeply and tasted the sweetness of our juices. You pulled back and smiled at me and asked if I'd had fun. I looked at you for a moment before realizing the depth of your question.
