 The company I worked for offered an early retirement package. I was only fifty-seven at this time but I accepted it. I was tired of the daily grind and the money offer was pretty good. My wife wasn't happy that I accepted. She was bitching at me about being home while she was still working. She also wanted me to find a job immediately. Things were not good at home.

On the first week I was home I saw my neighbor Jill out sunning herself. Jill was a full figured woman. As I looked out the front window I spied her big boobs. The top she was wearing could barely contain all that flesh. I decided to kill two birds with one stone. I went to get mail and then go talk to Jill.

I walked over to where she was seated. 

"What are you doing home Alan?" She asked.

I explained that I was retired now.

"Lucky you," she said.

She asked me to sit and join her. I sat down in one of the chairs and surveyed her body. I could feel my dick stirring in my pants. She said that Jim, her husband, was always away on business trips. She got lonely being by herself. She said that maybe we could get together during the day and chat. I told her that would be fine with me. Jill said we should go inside and get something to drink.

As we walked inside I gave her backside a good look. She had a big bottom to go along with those tits. Jill handed me a bottle of water and we sat again. I had my eyes glued to her cleavage. My wife wasn't having any sex with me since I chose to retire. Jill said it was nice to have a man to talk to. 

"Can I tell you something personal?" She said. "I get so horny being all by myself."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I took that to be some sort of invitation. I knew I had to act. I stood up and I pulled my shirt off. I kicked my sandals away and then dropped my pants and underwear to the floor. Jill took a good look at my semi-hard cock. I kicked my pants and briefs away and then walked over to where Jill was seated.

"I do like big cocks," she told me.

Jill reached out with one hand and grabbed my prick. With the other hand she fondled my balls. I couldn't believe my luck. Jill leaned in and took my cock in her mouth. She started bobbing up and down. She went right down to the root of my seven inch member. I couldn't remember the last time I had gotten head. Jill was making these slurping sounds as she sucked on my rod. I put a hand on the back of her head to urge her on.

She made me rock hard in no time at all. After a few minutes of that, Jill pulled away. 

"Maybe we should go back to the bedroom," she said.

I followed her back down the hallway. I got onto her bed and Jill stripped for me. Off came her top. Those big tits nearly exploded out. They fell down onto her chest. Those were the biggest nipples I had ever seen live. Next, she took her shorts off. Her pussy lips pushed out from her pubic patch. She got onto the bed with me. She climbed over top and then began to rub her pussy against my shaft. 

I had to control myself right then. She moved her pussy right above my mushroom head. My hands went to her hips and I pushed her down onto my dick.

"Oh fuck!" She cried out.

Her pussy engulfed my cock in one swift motion. I was buried right up to the hilt. Jill wiggled her muscles around my bone. I brought my ass up and began to stroke her wet hole. We got into it there on the bed. I did reach up and pinch her big nipples. That set Jill off.

"Pull on them Alan. I like my titties played with."

I did just as she asked. I fingered her hard nipples. You should have heard all those passionate moans coming from her mouth. She begged me to feed her my cock. I finally flipped Jill onto her back. Those tits were flopping all over the place.

"Do you still want my fat cock?" I asked her.

"Please Alan, give it to me hard!" She pleaded.

I took hold of her ankles and then pushed her legs towards her chest. I got to my feet and started to stab her pussy with my dick. That made Jill cry out every time I entered her passage. It was if this was the first time she ever took cock. My balls slapped against her large asscheeks. That slapping noise was making me go crazy with lust. I pounded her hole as hard as I could.

I told Jill her pussy was mine from now on. She could only have my cock. That pushed Jill right over the edge. She began to squirt her juices all over my dick. She was screaming as I took her pussy as my own. I wish I could tell you how long we went at it. I do know my cock was getting raw from all that friction. I finally couldn't hold back. My balls pinched and I let go.

I fired a huge load of my cream into Jill's body. She squeezed me with her pussy muscles. That made me shoot even more seed. I finally was empty. I rested my cock inside Jill until I became soft. I pulled my dick out and looked down. My hot cum was running out and down Jill's ass crack. She pulled me down to her body and we kiss.

"That was the hottest sex that I have had in ages," she said to me.

I would have liked to go again but it was getting late. Jill did clean my spent dick off with her mouth. She then went to the bathroom and got cleaned up herself.

"Please tell me we are going to do that again. " She asked.

I told Jill there would be plenty more where that came from. I made sure to gather up my mail. We had one last passionate kiss. I did make sure to get her phone number. I said I would text her later and I walked back to my house. My wife got home from work. She was in one of her usually bad moods. I just maintained my distance until evening came. After my wife went to bed, I texted Jill down in the basement.

Jill said she couldn't get me out of her mind. She said her belly was still swimming with my cum. Her pussy was raw from the fucking she took from me. She hoped that I still wanted her again. I said that I hoped my tank was full by tomorrow. I wanted to have her again. Jill said she was rubbing her clit right then. She wanted me to fuck her like a whore.

We left it right there. I was tired and needed some sleep. I climbed into bed and then drifted off. The next morning I went over to Jill's house once more. She answered the door completely undressed. We didn't even make it to the bedroom. I took Jill there on the dining room table. She had her legs spread for me and I took her greedy pussy again. I drove in deep, right to the hilt. Jill was screaming the whole time.

She clamped her fat pussy lips around my dick and we went at it. There was no doubt now. I was going to have Jill any time I wanted. She was my cock whore now. To my surprise, I had a load of my love seed to give her that day. I squirted deep into her belly and she took every drop from me. Afterwards, Jill cried some.

"I don't wanted to be with my unloving husband anymore."

I wasn't exactly happy with my bitching wife. I told Jill that we should go on having sex like this until we can come up with a plan to be together for good. Until then I will have my daily sessions inside Jill's pussy.