 Maria was preparing to do yet another photo shoot; the assignment she had today would have been one many women photographers would have killed for. 

She was going to be shooting the centerfold and feature for Stud of the Month for a major magazine aimed at women that featured men in various stages of undress--total nudity included.

To look at her, many would think she didn't get into the business for her looks. 

Unlike many colleagues that had been models or other high-placed career people prior to doing photography, at 5'2 and 160 pounds, Maria wasn't exactly model material in spite of being pretty with auburn hair, blue eyes and 40C breasts. 

Still, men weren't exactly breaking down her door.

Though she loved her job and was hailed as a great talent by many agencies and clients, Maria put up with a great deal of aggravation from both men and women. 

There were the temperamental prima donna, anorexic looking, high fashion girls that expected everyone--including Maria--to jump when they snapped their fingers, and grumpy magazine editors that wanted everything YESTERDAY. 

There were the handsome yet arrogant men who acted as if she should be honored that they let her take their pictures, and the usual "you're a pretty girl, you would be gorgeous if you lost weight" comments between the responses of crude sexual remarks if she wanted them to pose or look a certain way.

These guys made comments about her "fat ass" and wouldn't date her, but at the same time they wanted her to suck their dicks right there in the studio?

Yeah, right! Maria thought, rolling her eyes at one point. She couldn't wait to get the assholes out of there most of the time. 

She wouldn't have given any of them a blow job if they were the last men on earth.

It was enough to make her give up men completely, which Maria had by the time she'd gotten her current assignment.

And today, she had no reason to think things would be any different outside the guy would be getting naked at one point.

-----------------------------

Michael had arrived at the studio, making sure he had the correct address the magazine had given him. 

He had no idea why he was chosen for the feature and didn't even know about it until his sisters had sent in a head shot of him along with one of Michael by the pool at last summer's family barbecue that had shown his body to its best potential.

Born to a Mexican mother and a white father, the best features of both parents seemed to have been passed on to their son.

He thought he was "passable," but Michael was actually quite attractive with clear hazel-green eyes, tanned skin, and dark hair that fell near his shoulders. He wasn't exceptionally tall, but at 5'11, he was tall enough for the average guy.

Michael never thought he was "model material" in any sense of the word, though he had appeared in a local commercial when he was six. 

Presently, he had worked as a builder, spending a lot of time shirtless in the warmer months and not knowing what the fuss was about when he got appreciative stares from women passing by the sites where he would be working.

His sisters couldn't figure out why he was still single at nearly thirty. He had a good job, was a good-looking, well-built man, had a big heart and sweet personality, along with his funny, spontaneous side. 

Selena and Ana often said if Michael hadn't been their brother, they wouldn't mind having a catch like him for themselves. Men like him were difficult to find these days.

Truth be told, in spite of his good qualities, Michael was shy, and there was also a certain type of women he liked. 

He didn't make his preferences known, not wanting to offend the women he did attract to him; he just didn't find those kind of women sexy or the type he wanted to have a family with someday.

The ones Michael did want usually thought that he was some arrogant ass trying to pull a prank on them like other good looking men did, or just out for some kind of freaky sex; surely no man like him would actually date THEM without some kind of agenda on his part.

So when the magazine sent out a "real man" search for their next Stud of the Month feature, the Selena and Ana dug up some pictures of Michael and sent them in. 

Perhaps through being in the magazine, he would meet women and maybe get married. Their mother was itching for grandchildren, and Michael was their parents' only son.

When he had been chosen, they were elated, though he wanted to ship them off on a one way ticket to Siberia for their efforts. 

He couldn't believe Ana and Selena would stoop to such a thing as sending his pictures to a magazine that showed nude men!

And now he was going to face some photographer that would be taking pictures of him without a stitch of clothes on; probably some gay guy that would get hot and bothered doing so.

Sighing, Michael went inside, hoping to get this over with as soon as possible.

-------------------

Maria barely caught her breath at the sight of him; sure, she'd seen and photographed gorgeous men, but there was something about this one that stood out from the pack. He was just so...real.

The kind of man one would see on the street, she thought, noticing he was dressed in a work shirt with the sleeves rolled up, jeans and his work boots. 

Michael practically lived in these kinds of clothes with his job; he wasn't sure how to dress for a photo session.

And he was also thrilled to see the photographer was a woman. 

Maybe this thing wouldn't be so bad after all.

Michael had also found Maria pleasing; she was just like the type of women he secretly preferred. His eyes swept over her as she prepared for their shoot, taking in her shining hair, full breasts and ample hips.

Hips that were made for breeding, his father would often say. 

Whatever the case, he loved what he saw, but wish she'd get those glasses off so he could really look at her pretty face.

Maria then directed him to the dressing room, where he would get out of his street clothes and then hair and makeup people would work on him before he came out to the set in only a pair of briefs underneath a robe.

"You'll have to pardon me, sweetheart," he said to Maria in a soft, endearing tone. "I'm kind of a novice at this kind of thing."

"Well, I'm a novice at doing this type of assignment," she smiled at him, his demeanor winning her over. "So this will be a new adventure for both of us."

"I'm sure you will make me comfortable, though," Michael said, giving her a warm smile that made her blush.

Barely containing herself, Maria told him to remove his robe, then had him pose with various tools he had been instructed to bring to the session. 

Michael felt a little odd posing with his work tools in only his underwear, especially when Maria had him gradually pull them down, and then eventually off, until he was totally nude before her camera lens. 

The slight erection he'd gotten didn't seem to help matters, either. He just hoped the girl didn't think he was some sort of pervert.

God, he was beautiful, she thought. Not one of those gym rat muscle freaks or gaunt like fashion guys that she often worked with, but everyday man beautiful. 

The way he was looking at her with those eyes and saying "sweetheart" at times when she instructed him to pose this way or that endeared her even more.

What a pleasant contrast to the other men she'd photographed that either made crude comments or rubbed their crotches, pointed to their cocks, then spread their hands out to show Maria the size.

They probably figured "the fat chick" would be desperate enough to either suck their cocks and/or have sex with them.

Wrong! Maria thought.

But Michael did none of that. He was so respectful and even at times Maria wondered if he was trying to flirt with her, and she felt herself getting a little warm and wet.

Maria had reached a point that her professional composure could no longer stay in check; snapping pictures of this man totally nude had begun to bother her a little, and she didn't want him to see the effect he had on her.

"How about a break, Michael?" she finally asked.

"There's nothing wrong, is there, sweetheart?" he asked with genuine concern.

"I just feel a little warm." Maria replied. "I need some water. May I get you some?"

"Sure," he smiled at her. "I'd like that."

Maria then returned with two bottles of water, handing him one of them, before taking a long swig from her own bottle, nearly emptying it.

"Now that is my kind of woman," he laughed. "Any lady that can kill a bottle of water in two minutes or less deserves my attention."

Maria gave him a look, wondering if Michael had taken leave of his senses.

Forgetting that he was still totally naked, he patted an empty spot beside him on the sofa where he had been posing for the photo session. "Come sit by me."

She felt strange sitting by a man that was totally nude and shook her head.

"Oh come on. You need to get off those feet for a few anyway."

"I guess a few minutes would be all right," she finally agreed, sitting beside him.

"That's the spirit, sweetheart. And I promise not to bite, only nibble," Michael winked at her.

"I think you should save the nibbles for your girlfriend," Maria joked, suddenly feeling comfortable with him.

"Would be a good idea if I had one."

"You can't be serious. A man like you and no one in your life?"

"The only women in my life right now are my mother and sisters. So what about you?" 

He was looking at her with those eyes again, his head propped on one hand.

"What about me?" Maria stared back at him.

"A pretty thing like you has to have a man waiting for her at home."

"Not quite," she laughed. "I'm not exactly overrun with invitations from men, especially with all those tiny, beautiful models around that I have worked with to choose from."

"Oh is that right?" Michael asked, reaching over to remove her glasses. "Let me have a look at you and see what I think."

Maria couldn't believe what was unfolding; these kinds of things only happened in novels or in films, she thought, as he set her glasses aside and looked at her eyes, tracing her face and lips with his fingers.

"You have a very lovely complexion," he finally commented. "And beautiful eyes."

She could only mutter a thank you in response.

"And you know, it's kind of unfair that only one of us is naked," he added, tugging at her blouse. "How about you shed some of these and get comfortable with me?"

"Michael, really. I don't think that is a very--"

"Come on, sweetheart, there's just you and me here now, isn't it? And you are absolutely beautiful. I want to see more of you."

"But--"

"You said you felt a little warm, didn't you?"

"Yes, but--"

"Then what's the problem?"

"I don't usually do things like that. I'm here to do a job, not get naked with the models. It just isn't me. And really, do you want to see THIS body?"

"Come here, sweetheart," he said, gently taking her in his arms. "You don't have to hide anything from me. Frankly, you're the kind of woman I've always wanted to be with."

The next thing she had known, he had unbuttoned her blouse, studying her breasts in her bra, kissing her neck gently as he unhooked it.

"Nice," he said, eyeing her breasts with approval. "Very, very nice. Just beautiful."

"Michael, really, this is just wrong...." she began.

"Shhhh....I won't do anything else you won't want me to do. And it isn't like I haven't seen a woman undressed before."

Michael held her close to him again, kissing her, tracing the corners of her mouth with his tongue before sliding it into her mouth. 

Maria tangled her hands in his hair and kissed him back, enjoying it.

"You are incredible, sweetheart," he said when they broke the kiss, pushing her back gently before removing her jeans and panties. She was now as naked as he was.

She found herself suddenly wanting to go down on him, and moved forward a little, reaching for his now-hard cock, but he pushed her away.

"No, sweetheart," Michael said. "This is totally about you."

He lay her back down on the couch, kissing her deeply before he licked and kissed her breasts, her nipples and her stomach, working his way down to her naked mound.

Amazed at how wet Maria was, Michael found her clit ready for a tonguing and he sucked and licked the outside of her pussy before sliding his tongue into her opening, pushing it in and out, curling his tongue before finding her g spot.

She let out a small moan, causing him to stop for a moment.

"Is that good, sweetheart? You like that?"

Maria nodded. She couldn't even remember the last time she'd had sex, and the things Michael was doing to her felt so good.

Her went back down on her sucking, tongue fucking, and licking her before Maria had had the most intense and hardest orgasm that she could remember. 

Michael loved eating pussy, and from the way she had cum, this wonderful woman had enjoyed having it done to her as she came into his mouth.

He took down every drop of her climax, kissing the outside of her pussy and inner thighs, before coming back up.

"Oh, sweetheart," he said huskily. "I want you so much."

Maria watched as he then mounted her, putting her legs around her shoulders, and gently pushing his cock inside her. 

She moaned in pleasure, amazed how good and how full it felt having him pump in and out of her.

"Oh sweetheart, you're so tight and feel so good," he said softly as he fucked her gently and slowly. "Am I making you feel good too?"

She could only nod in response; this wasn't some kind of dirty, raw sex from some random guy; Michael was actually making love to her.

He was soon fucking her a little harder; both their moans and sighs blending in with the other's. 

Michael gently played with her feet and kissed her calves during their lovemaking before his lips found hers again.

They kissed passionately, tongues entwined while Michael continued to thrust in and out of her wet, willing pussy before breaking the kiss and now pushing her legs toward her head, never ceasing pumping in and out the entire time.

"Mmmmph...Michael...yes...you feel so good inside me," she moaned as she felt his cock reach deeper inside her. 

"Oh God, Maria, I've always wanted to make love to a woman like you," he panted back. "You are so good...so beautiful...."

They had continued to have sex right there on the couch, Michael increasing his thrusts and fucking her as fast as he could without hurting her as he felt his orgasm approach.

He never took his eyes off Maria as he began to cum, shot after shot of long bottled-up semen filling her as she conceived right then and there.

Michael remained inside her for a few moments once his cock had been emptied of cum, both of their breaths eventually slowing down before he gently pulled out of her.

"Thank you, sweetheart," he finally said, stroking her body. "You don't know how long I needed that. It was just finding the right woman." 

"Well, it's been awhile for me too," she responded. "I better get cleaned up, though, and get back to our work."

"Why? We can finish with you just like that," he winked again. "Makes it more interesting."

-------------------------

Eight weeks later, it was confirmed that Maria was indeed pregnant; when she tracked down Michael to tell him, she hadn't expected the reaction he had given her.

Instead of a cold star, calling her a stupid bitch and railing on why she didn't use birth control, he had scooped her up into his arms and kissed her.

"I hoped this would happen," he whispered in her ear. "That's why I didn't use a condom when I made love to you."

"You mean..." she began.

"What's the matter, sweetheart? Don't you want my child?"

Maria was suddenly thrilled that this beautiful man wanted to have a child with her. 

She gave birth to their son seven months later; it being too late for her to get to the hospital in time, Michael had delivered him at home, and married Maria when Mickey was six weeks old.

Mickey was eighteen months old when he became a big brother; this time, his parents had made love in one of the half-completed houses Michael had been building on their lunch break, where their daughter, Pilar, had been conceived. 

By the time they had had their fifth anniversary, she and Michael were the parents of four children, all conceived in the most unconventional places, and were the happiest they had ever been.

Maybe his sisters, Selena and Ana, had something going there when they sent his pictures in to that magazine. 

As for the way things worked out with Michael finally getting the kind of woman he wanted and her having a family with him, he thanked his sisters every chance he got.