 Attempting to work her way through college, Sarah got herself a part time job with a medical facility. She is very bright, very talented artist, bubbly personality, and just loves having all around fun. Even as a new employee, she made friends very quickly. Didn't matter who it was, young and old, male or female, she just had an awesome way about her. Everybody liked Sarah, especially the patients at the facility.

She is a BBW, for those who don't know the meaning, it means big, beautiful, woman. And she was this to a tee. Absolutely gorgeous face, just had a little extra poundage on the body. Her hair was long brunette, about five foot four, and if I had to guess her weight, it would be around two twenty five. And she loved going out with friends and dancing too.

A bunch of ladies were getting together on a Saturday night and invited Sarah. It was strictly a girl's night out. From the gossip going around after that Sarah definitely acted on the wild side. Nothing like the way she behaved at work. They said she was pole dancing, trying to entice the guys, but to no avail. Heard the only guy to ask her to dance was a semi toothless older dude. She turned him down.

Rumors still floated, apparently her vocabulary changed to the point of being trashy. She called out to guys who gave her no attention. Someone over heard her near last call saying, "Man, what does it take for me to get some cock in here." Even after that night, anyone who planned a night out invited Sarah, because other than some of her quirks, she was fun to be around.

Couple of weekends later, everybody was getting together to check out a band in a bar. The lead singer was a boyfriend to one of the ladies. 9;00 was the time for everybody to come out. Good crowd of employee's showed up, around 30 or so, took over a couple of big tables in the bar. Beer was flowing, shots were tossed down, and the music was good. Everybody was having a great time talking, drinking, and dancing.

Band started playing a slow dance tune, most of the couples there, got up and joined on the dance floor. A few of the singles, just sat there watching the others slow dance. Sarah loved the song playing, gazing around, she saw John. He was an older guy from work. Sarah didn't care, she walked over and asked him to dance. Because he liked Sarah, and knew her only a little, he said yes.

They both danced to the song, it simply was just a friendly dance. But, both seemed to enjoy. After the dance finished, Sarah grabbed her drink and sat by John. Both of them talked and laughed a lot. Seemed like they were getting along very well. Then, another slow dancing tune was played, again they danced together. This went on all night.

At the end of the evening, at bar's last call, Sarah asked John if he'd like to come over to her apartment and have a drink. John thought for a moment, but nicely turned her down. Giving her the excuse of having to get up early the next day. Sarah said alright maybe next time. And they, along with the other employee's went home for the night.

Sarah caught John at work a few days later and told him she really enjoyed herself. John replied back the same. She invited John to maybe go out after work and have dinner and a drink. He agreed to her request and told her to meet her at the restaurant about 6. 

They met at a small little diner in town. Ordered their food and was having a drink waiting for it. Most of the talk was about work and the fun they had at the bar. Things were going well, until this young couple walked in. Sarah stared hard, then poked at John's hand on the table.

"See that guy that just walked in," she said in a whispering tone. John looked back over his shoulder. "Yeah, what about him."

"I fucked him."

John looked at Sarah, "Ooookay, too much information there girl, thanks for pointing that out."

And in a quiet almost whispering tone again she said, "Well I did John, and he's real small too, barely even rubbed on one side, dumb ass wanted to put it in my butt because it was tighter, I told him hell no."

John sat there totally speechless, when their food finally arrived. Sarah sat back, conversation now at a lull, both sat and ate their dinner.

While they ate, millions of thoughts ran through John's mind. Sarah ate with mostly a smile on her face. Dinner finished, John paid the bill and tip, and walked outside with Sarah. Both lit a cigarette, and John thanked her for having dinner and the interesting conversation. Sarah laughed, told John she just wanted to see his reaction. She then again invited him to her place, again he said no. Sarah looking a bit sadden, said okay, I understand.

Some time past, both of them only saying hello to each other at work. It was a Friday, Sarah found John in the hallway, and beckoned him over. "Hey big boy, got any plans for tonight?"

"No, not really."

"My friend Amanda is having a birthday party at her house, why don't you go with me". "I'll even come pick you up so you can drink more."

John just couldn't say no, he agreed and gave Sarah his address and asked what time.

She picked John up, and they went to her friend's birthday party. John didn't know but two other people from work, the rest were strangers. But, all in all, it was a fun time. Drinking and talking with other people. Sarah kept giving John all these different shots to slug down. Tequila, pucker, yaegermeister, and god knows what else.

John was getting pretty ripped, but still had control. Sarah kept a close eye on him. It was getting late, Sarah says to John, "Come on dude, let me get you home." Both got in her car and off they went. Music blaring, they were singing classic rock together and laughing. They got to John's place, he couldn't find the car door handle. Sarah laughed and said hold on. She went over and opened the door for him.

When John exited the car, as he stood up, that's when the alcohol took affect. He stumbled a little, grabbing the door to help hold himself up. Sarah then said, "Give me your keys, I'll open the front door for you." John nodded and said okay. She put the key in and opened the door. John searching the wall for the light switch. When they came on Sarah said, "Yeaa, you did it." Chuckling at him.

Walking in the living room, John quickly tossed himself into his recliner. Yelled out a loud, Awwwrrrggghhh!! As he sat down. He asked if Sarah wanted another drink, to which she said no and suggested that he have something other than alcohol. He said maybe be better if he had a soda instead. Sarah agreed, and got John a soda from the kitchen.

Sarah sat on the couch, playing with the TV remote. Turning the TV on. She was flipping through channels, when finally looking towards John. "Don't you have any porn channels on here, or somewhere I can order some?" John replied no, no porn channels. Only porn John had was on DVD. And he only had a couple and they were old school late 70's early 80's stuff.

"Sweety, look on the top of my cabinet there, there's a couple of porn DVD's. You probably won't like them, they're older movies from before your day." Sarah stood up, looked up high on the cabinet. Pulled out some DVD's, she was reading the titles. She looked over at John.

"Oh my god, Deep Throat, I have never seen this before, but have heard of it, can we watch this?"

"Yeah, sure, just toss it in the player."

Soon, the movie started, Sarah was laughing even at the opening credits.

"Oh you just wait, it gets worse, wait till you hear the bubble song, then you're really going to laugh."

The movie was playing, a lot of smiles and giggling coming from Sarah. John was actually enjoying watching her with the old porn. Sarah watched, her eyes glued to the screen. Occasionally, peeking over at John.

The first sex scene came on, Sarah commented, "Look at that hairy pussy, oh my god, I can't believe how hairy that is."

"That's the way it was back then," John replied.

"My pussy doesn't have any hair at all, I shave mine all the time to keep it that way."

John smiled, "Is that right, that's the way it is now a days, back then it was hairy."

Movie kept playing, then a scene where a woman is sitting on a counter, while a guy eats her hairy pussy. She then puts a cigarette between her lips. She grabs the guys hair pulling his head up. Saying, "Do you mind if I smoke, while you eat." Then the guy goes back to eating her pussy. 

Sarah laughed hard, "Now, that, is some funny shit right there."

Both of them continued watching, when it got to the deep throat part, Sarah couldn't get her eyes of the TV. Again, she was mumbling, "Oh my god, that's hot, taking all that cock, wow, amazing."

John was watching mostly Sarah as she was enjoying the film. Sarah was into it, seemed to be re-positioning herself every so often. She lit up a cigarette, wiggled her big hips, and sat more forward. She peered at John, as he smiled at her.

"You know, I have to admit, this old porn movie is making me very wet."

John coming down some from his earlier high, sat up, now more interested in Sarah. And not caring that she was a bigger girl. He replied back, "Yeah, well, why don't you show me how wet you are."

Her mouth made a circle, and said, "John, you dirty old man you."

"Well, come on and show me, let me see your wet pussy, you like talking the game, now it's show time." 

"Stand up, get those jeans off, and show me your smooth pussy."

Sarah hesitated just a second. She butted her cigarette, then stood up. Started undoing her jeans, slipping them down off her big hips and chubby thighs. John watched, himself getting very aroused by all this. She got them down, kicking them off with her right foot.

"Okay, now what, I got them off, do you like what you see?"

John stared at her chubby pussy, no hair at all, totally bald. He then instructed, "Alright, sit back down on the couch, spread your legs and give me a show."

Sarah obliged, sitting down, opening her legs. Her smooth pussy in clear view for John. She starts rubbing her finger over her swollen clit. Making circles all over her excited button. 

"Like this John, you like watching me play with my pussy?" 

"Mmm, it's so wet, look how wet I am." As she says this, she lies back more. Using her index finger and ring finger, she parts her swollen cunt lips. Her middle finger slips in, going deep inside. Finger fucking herself, her middle digit pushing in deep. "I'm going to cum baby, cum all over my fingers, mmm yess," she purrs.

She keeps fingering herself, eyes closed, soft moans slip from her mouth. John can take no more. He lowers himself off his recliner, on his hands and knees, crawls over to Sarah. He begins kissing the inside of her thigh, right above her knee. The aroma of her pussy finds his nose. He breaths it in, His cock getting harder and harder. He traces his tongue down the inside of her thigh. He grabs her hand, first smelling it, then opening his mouth. Sucking on her middle finger, that's soaking wet from her pussy.

"Oh John, god, I'm so wet for you." As he buries his face between her thighs. His tongue lapping lightly on her hard sweet clit. He reaches in, opening her cunt lips farther. Running his tongue up and down the sweet pink slit. Pushing his tongue inside her. Tasting her hot juicy hole. He moans, using his tongue and lips all over her pussy. Her hips buck some as she cums, John laps hungrily as her juice runs down towards her asshole.

Sarah lies back more, as he continues eating her hot pussy. Teasingly, his tongue would lick at her tight asshole. She picked her hips up more to allow this. He then would shove his tongue into her ass, tongue fucking her sweet tight ass. Then going back to her pussy, he slid a finger into her wet asshole. Ramming his finger back and forth while attacking her clit. Sarah came hard again.

After a few minutes, Sarah got up, and said, "Now, let me do you, it's your turn."

John stood up, both of them trying to undo his fly. He gets out of his jeans. And takes a seat on the couch. His seven and a half inch rod at full staff. Sarah smiles as she reaches for his cock.

She leans in, opening her mouth. Her tongue gently touches his cock hole, as she gently licks off his sweet pre-cum. She moans, as she tastes John's cum. Then slipping her lips over his cock head.

She sucks at his cock so good. He has never seen so much saliva on his cock. Sloppiest blowjob he ever had. She would stop and then spit on his cock head. Then bury it back into her mouth. So wet, all her saliva ran onto his balls, making them juicy. Taking turns sucking on each of his balls. Pulling them with her mouth, making a slight popping noise as her lips slid off.

Sarah sucked cock like a pro, not bad for a twenty year old. She tried to take it deep like in the movie. But she couldn't. She would gag went she went deep. John had had enough, taking Sarah by the chin and lifting her head off. It was time to fuck,

"Lay back Sarah." John ordered. Sarah first pulled off her top and removed her bra. She had nice tits, about a "C" cup. Even at twenty, her tits sagged some and her nipples pointed off to the side a bit. But, she followed John's order and laid back. John threw her a pillow off the couch for head support. She put her head upon it, opening her thighs wide.

John knelt between her legs, Sarah reached down grabbed his rod, and guided it inside her very wet pussy. Slowly he pushes, filling her with every inch. Her eyes roll back, as he fucks her very slowly. Moving his hips back and forth. He slowly picks up the pace, teasing her. Until he finally, bangs her hard, his balls slapping against her big ass. Her pussy was tight even as juicy as it was.

Her hips now pushing with his. She was meeting him with every stroke.

"Fuck me John, fuck my pussy, make me cum baby. I want to cum all over your hard cock."

"Yes, god yes, give me that cock, fuck, yes more, harder, fuck my hot pussy."

She loved to talk dirty while fucking, John liked it too, did everything he could not to cum. It was hard for him to do.

"You wanna cum huh, huh, John, wanna cum inside my hot pussy huh. Cum baby, cum inside me, fill me up with your hot cum."

That's all he could take. John groaned as his cock throbbed inside her tight pussy. His prick pulsating and Sarah knew he was cumming and kept talking.

"Yeah baby, fuck my hot pussy, gimme your cum, cum baby cum."

John pushed deep, all the way, his cock unleashes his hot sticky load. Sarah squealed, feeling him shoot a big load inside her. She moved her hips slowly, milking every drop from his depleted prick. Sarah panting, smiling as his cock slides easily out of her sweet slit. Under his breath, he lets out a "wow." Sarah knew, and she felt the same way.

They both get dressed, have a smoke. This was John's first time with a bigger woman. He now thought, he has been missing out. He truly loved fucking Sarah. And was sure that it would happen again in the future. Very soon he hoped.