 Todd had posted on a number of internet sites looking for a woman to meet up with him for some casual sex. Todd had just gotten out of a long term relationship and did not want to start dating again. He had been having sex with his girlfriend on a regular basis right up until the day they broke up. Now Todd was desperate to find a woman to take home and use as his personal fuck toy. The problem for Todd was that not many single women are willing to meet up and have sex with a random guy off the internet. Each day when Todd got off work, he would check his email to see if anyone had responded to his ads. Three weeks went by and no luck. 

It was Friday night and Todd got off work. He decided to make his way to the bar to hopefully find someone to take home that night. Todd got showered and got cleaned up and ready to go out. Before he headed out the door he checked his email. To his surprise he had a response to one of his online postings. He also saw that woman who replied was currently online. 

Todd replied to her response, he explained clearly in his email that he had no intention to get into a relationship, he just wanted someone to have some adult fun with until he got ready to start dating again. Todd checked out her profile while he waited for a response. At first, he was disappointed to see that she was 230 pounds, but as he started looking at her pictures, he got turned on by how well she carried her weight and by how big her tits were. She had also posted a picture of her from the back side. Even though all her photos showed her with cloths on, Todd started to imagine would he would do with her with her cloths off. 

Suddenly Todd got an email from her. It simply read "do you want to hook up tonight?" Todd replied yes and asked for her address. Todd's apartment was still a messy and unorganized from when his ex moved out so he was hoping to meet at her place. She replied with and directions to her house. 

Todd replied that he would be over in an hour or so.

When Todd got to her place, he was surprised to see how nice of a house she had. It was a larger 2 story home in an upscale neighborhood. Todd rang the doorbell and was greeted by the same large yet very attractive woman he saw pictured on the internet. She was wearing a short skirt, no bra, and a skimpy top that looked like it was a little small for her because her humongous tits looked like they were going to pop out of it at any minute. She invited him in and offered and invited him to sit down and have a drink. 

Todd sat on the couch while she poured him a glass of wine. They took a couple sips of wine and stared at each other. The silence was beginning to become uncomfortable and Todd opened his mouth to say something to break the ice, but she cut him off before he could speak.

"Do you want to go upstairs?" She asked with a devious smile on her face.

"Sure" Todd replied, trying to hold back the excitement of knowing he was about to have what he had spent weeks trying to get. He followed her up to the master bedroom and she displayed no sign of shyness as she sat on the edge of the bed and took off her top to expose those massive breasts that Todd had been waiting to get his hands on. Todd grabbed her tits in his hands and pushed her onto the bed. He started to kiss her as he played with her massive tits. The kissing only took a few seconds to turn into a full blown make out session with each of them exploring the inside of each others mouths with their tongues. As they were making out, Todd pulled off his shirt so he could feel his hot skin against hers. She reached down and felt the growing bulge in Todd's pants and starting rubbing it through his jeans. As much as Todd enjoyed the hot make out session he was in, he wanted to take things to the next level. He started moving down her body kissing and sucking as he went along until he had her nipple in his mouth. He started sucking her nipple while he continued using his hand to give her other breast some attention as well. 

Todd used his free hand to grab her leg and started slowly working his way up her skirt. Todd had the intention of rubbing her pussy though her panties until he felt her wetness start to seep through, but Todd didn't find any panties. Instead he found her bare, cleanly shaven, and uncovered pussy. He started rubbing her clit his thumb while he used two of his fingers to penetrate her vagina. Todd let out a moan of delight when he felt how tight she was inside. Todd had been with 6 women in his lifetime and this was by far the tightest pussy he had ever felt. Todd wanted to speed things up so he could get into that tight pussy sooner, so he unbuttoned his jeans and pulled off his pants and boxers. He closed his eyes and sat back in anticipation as he waited for his sex partner to grab onto his fully erect penis with her bare hand. He opened his eyes back up when he was surprised to feel a wet feeling at the tip of his cock rather then the hand he was expected. He watched and felt as she took his entire dick into her mouth and worked all the way down until her lips reached the base of his shaft. He laid back and enjoyed the ride as she worked her mouth up and down his cock, moaning with almost every stroke. Todd could not believe how good she was at sucking dick and he was starting to get dangerously close to blowing his load into her mouth. He knew that all he had to do was release his semen into her mouth and this would easily go down as the best blow he had ever received, but he didn't want it to end without being able to feel her amazingly tight pussy squeezing down on his cock. 

Todd pulled her head off of his cock and went down on her. He started working on her clit with his tongue and banged her tight pussy with his fingers. Todd knew that with a pussy this tight, he may not last long, so he wanted to use his oral skills on her to make sure she was satisfied before he got his dick into her. After several minutes of licking and finger banging Todd felt her already tight pussy squeeze down tighter on his fingers and her body started to tremble. She let out a load moan as she had an orgasm. Todd had intended to make her cum at least twice before he fucked her, but the feeling of her pussy squeezing on his fingers and the extra wetness that her orgasm produced was more then Todd could handle. As soon as her orgasm subsided, Todd reached down for his pants on the floor and grabbed out a condom from his front pocket. He tore open the packaging and took out the "ribbed for her pleasure" rubber. Before he could start to roll it onto his cock, she grabbed it and threw it across the room. "You don't need to use those with me." She said as she smiled. Still lying on the bed she spread her legs wide to give Todd easy access. Todd guided his cock to her pussy and grabbed her tits as he slowly pushes his way into her tight hole. He was worried that at some point his above average sized cock would start to hurt her incredibly tight pussy. He pushed in deeper and deeper seeing nothing but looks of satisfaction on her face as her pussy took every inch his cock inside of her. 

Todd started fucking her, slowly at first but building in speed with each stroke. "Damn this pussy is good." He said as he squeezed her tits tighter in his hands and started fucking her at full speed. Todd knew he was about to have the best orgasm of his life. He could feel his orgasm getting closer. "You better be on the pill, because there is no way I'm pulling out of this pussy." He warned. 

"You better not pull out" She said, barely able to make the words with all the pleasure she was receiving. 

Todd was getting ready to go off inside her, but he saw that same look on her face that he saw just before the orgasmed the last time. He tried to hold back, he went a couple more stokes, feeling his semen building up inside him and trying to get out. All of a sudden he felt her pussy tighten up as she started to orgasm. It was more than he could take, not being able to hold back any longer he came hard, deep inside her pussy releasing a massive about of sperm into her. His cock pulsed inside her, letting out more and more semen with each pulse. Her orgasm was making it even better as her pussy squeezed back with each pulse of his cock. 

Tired and out of breath from the hot sex session, Todd collapsed next to her. They both laid in her bed and relaxed for a few minutes, and then she suggested they take a shower and get cleaned up. 

They got into the shower she grabbed a wash cloth and started soaped up and washed off his body. After she was done he took the wash cloth and soaped her up, he paid extra attention to cleaning of her cum soaked pussy. Todd reached around took the opportunity to get his finger into her snatch and feel her insides one more time. His casual partner reached for his cock and started to rub. It got harder and harder in her hands. She rubbed until it reached full hardness and then bent over for round two.  

With the hot shower water still pouring on down her body, Todd slid his fully erect penis back into her tight hole. Unlike the first time, Todd got into it right away, once he got his dick all the way into her pussy, he pulled back and started banging her as hard and fast as he could. It didn't take long for Todd to make her cum. She grabbed onto the handle in the shower to keep her knees from going out from under her as she screamed out from the pleasure that the orgasm was causing her. Todd kept fucking her though the entire orgasm, her screams of pleasure continued as he rammed his hard dick into her throbbing pussy. Todd continued pounding away at he. Minutes later she let out another familiar scream of pleasure as she had yet another orgasm. Todd was about to cum for the second time, he didn't want to hold back this time, he grabbed her hips and slammed his cock deep inside her, shooting his load into her already well seeded uterus. 

They got out of the shower and dried off. As tempting as it was to stay over at her house, he decided to go home in order to minimize the risk of ending up back in a serious relationship. She walked Todd to the door. "By the way," she said, "my name is Jessica."

"Nice to meet you, I'm Todd." He replied on his way out the door. He tried to leave as if he was walking away from a one night stand, but he knew that if he ever got another email from Jessica, he wouldn't be about to resist the temptation to come back.