 My wife Lisa and I have always enjoyed a wonderful sex life together, but there’s one fantasy of mine we’ve never fulfilled. I’ve always wanted to watch her masturbate, but she’s always been just too shy to perform such an intimate act in front of someone else. I’ve asked her on a couple of occasions to let me watch her touch herself, but she has always said “Maybe some other time.” and I really didn’t want to push the issue. She knows how much the idea of her pleasuring herself turns me on, and will often describe her private masturbation sessions for me during sex just to playfully tease me. about The closest we’ve ever come to me watching her is her putting her hand on top of mine while I would touch between her legs.

I enjoy being submissive from time to time, and Lisa and I will occasionally play with some mild bondage. It isn’t really an S&M kind of thing, though, more like a teasing game, with her trying to stimulate me as much as possible without letting me have an orgasm until she decides it’s time fore me to come. Last night, when she came into the bedroom with the bathrobe belts that we use to restrain me, I assumed that that was what she had in mind. I was only half right.

“Why don’t you take off those clothes?” she said.

As I began to strip, she took of the robe she was wearing, revealing the simple cotton bra and panties she was wearing. As always, she looked stunning, and I took in her long brown hair falling to her shoulders, her beautiful breasts, with her nipples poking out against her bra, her long legs- she’s tall, nearly six feet. I didn’t realize it was the last time I would see her that night. I lay on my back, my cock already beginning to harden as she straddled my hips, though she was careful not to rub against my penis yet.

“Hands over your head” she whispered in my ear. I could smell her perfume.

I complied with her request, and she gently tied my wrists to the headboard. She kissed me, and the turned her attention to securing my feet to the footboard. She smiled at me, and reached into the night table drawer.

“I bought you a present.” she said. She was dangling a blindfold by its strap in her hand. She kissed me and slipped the blindfold over my eyes. Try as I may, I couldn’t see a thing.

Lisa began to kiss me deeply and to caress my chest and belly. Slowly, she nibbled her way down my neck and collarbone, until she was rubbing her tongue along my nipples. By now I was incredibly hard, and starting to strain at my restrains. 

“It turns me on so much to see you like this.” she said. “In fact, just the other afternoon, I was thinking about the last time I had you tied down like this. Do you remember? I was rubbing your cock with the feather, and you begged me for over an hour to let you come?”

I groaned at the memory. I remember nearly being in tears, desperate to come as she held me on the edge for what seemed like an eternity.

“Anyway,” she whispered, “I was thinking about that time and I just got so wet, I had to put my hand down my panties and make myself come.” 

Now I really groaned, imagining the sight of Lisa touching herself. In the darkness, I felt her move, and I realized she was straddling my belly. She must have taken off her panties while she changed positions, because when she rubbed against me, I could feel her damp pubic hair against my skin.

“It was so hot” she said. “I rubbed myself slowly, and I kept wondering what would happen if you walked in. Too bad you didn’t,” she giggled, “it would have been a dream come true for you.”

“I started by lightly caressing my lips, like this.” She said. I gasped, and felt her put her hands between her legs. A low moan escaped her lips, and I strained, to no avail, to catch a glimpse under the blindfold. “No peeking.” she said softly.

“Then, when I was really turned on. I started to touch my clit, like this.” She leaned forward, and I could hear her breathing get deeper, and I felt her hands moving faster and faster between her pussy and my belly.

I was as turned on as I’ve ever been, and she began moaning in my ear. I recognized the sound of her approaching orgasm. I felt her stiffen, and as she kissed me deeply, she came, squirting all over my belly.

Lisa caught her breath, and then slowly lowered herself on my erect penis. The whole performance had me so turned on, I came almost instantaneously. A few minutes later, she uncovered my eyes, untied me, and said: “Maybe next time, we’ll forget the blindfold.”