 The house was empty with the exception of Tracy and Kris, his youngest son, Klaus and of course, his and Trina's first grandchild, Kristian. 

The place was now quiet with Kristian and Klaus asleep and the rest of the kids were away for the weekend. Worse, he was horny as hell the first time in weeks and was missing Trina. They hadn't even gotten in a good fuck before she left for Australia.

He then wandered out to the kitchen to get a drink, finding Tracy in her baby doll pajamas. It was later than he had realized; apparently Kris had gotten too far in his paperwork to notice until now.

Tracy was startled. "Kris, hi!"

"Sorry to scare you, Trace," he smiled at his son's pretty girlfriend.

"Did you get your work done?" she asked.

"Most of it. I think I'm going to relax in the living room for a bit."

"Mind if I join you since Kristian is asleep?"

"Go nuts," he grinned. Company sounded good right about now.

Tracy then sat beside him on the couch, watching TV and chatting before somehow, the conversation turned to their respective partners and sex. Tracy could sense Kris was stressed, not to mention the rise in his pants was not lost on her.

She then did something Kris never expected.

Tracy then slid over closer to him and put her hand on his crotch, rubbing it gently. 

"You know, I could do something about that," she purred, indicating his slight hard-on.

"Tracy, you're still a teenager, Gus' girlfriend and I'm married besides. We'd be playing with fire. And you know the mess that is going on down at the office. I sure as hell don't need this to get out."

"I won't tell anyone if you won't," she said huskily, not taking her hand off Kris' dick.

With the eighteen year old beauty's underlying offer to fuck him and her hand on his crotch, and the stress he had over the last several weeks as well as missing Trina, Kris felt a twinge of excitement stir in him. 

Still, he felt odd accepting an offer for sex from a teenager, even one as sexy as Tracy.

"You know, Kris," Tracy began as she continued stroking his bulge. "I always thought you were pretty hot and wondered what it was like to have sex with you."

"Any cock in a storm, huh?" he finally joked.

"I guess. But I'm horny and you said you and Trina haven't done it much lately." 

She had a point there. Besides, who would know if Tracy and he went at it one time? Trina was about to land in Australia, Gus was at a college weekend, Klaus and Kristian were asleep and wouldn't know any better anyway, and the twins were away at a sleepover party.

Tracy was still rubbing his cock, getting Kris worked up more. 

"So….you want to go have some fun with a hot, younger woman and let me give you some sweet relief from all that tension?"

She didn't have to ask twice. They were practically dragging each other into the bedroom shortly after.

One they were there, Kris locked the door and they fell onto the bed, fondling and kissing each other before she took her nightie off and was braless underneath it.

Those sexy, firm tits were now on display for him. He found her body not unlike Trina's, still gorgeous even after having a baby. He was very turned on by now.

"You like what you see?" she said, fondling them in her hands.

"God, you got a nice pair there, baby," Kris said, taking one of them into his mouth as he gently squeezed the other.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm," he moaned, sucking the other tit, then gently biting her nipples as Tracy sighed and moaned.

"Ohhhhhh, Kris," she moaned softly. "Suck my tits!"

He worked a little more on her firm mounds before he took his mouth off of them, standing up to peel off his pants and shirt, and his dick was VERY hard and throbbing now. 

Kris stroked it a little, asking Tracy in a teasing manner if she knew what to do with an older guy.

In response, he got a blow job that totally blew his mind. God, he thought Trina gave great head, but Tracy had it down to an art! 

She sucked his dick from tip to base, back and forth, swirling her tongue around his dick head and gently biting Kris' balls, before he'd gotten over five minutes of the best deep throat sucking he'd experienced to this day.

"God, that is great, baby," he panted. "You give some great head there."

She only winked at him, not missing a beat sucking his manhood.

"Ohhhhhhhh Tracy...it's been so long since I had my dick sucked...you're so fucking good, baby...such a great mouth on you..."

Her mouth stood on Kris' dick for a few more minutes before he had to reluctantly take her off of it; if he had let her keep it up, he would have definitely cum way too soon. 

"You liked that," she stated matter of factly, smiling at him.

"Baby, that was hot as hell."

"I thought of something else to make you feel real good, too," she grinned before mounting Kris' cock.

"Jesus, you fuck a guy on top?!" he asked, both surprised and totally delighted.

"You like this? Does Trina do this to you?"

"Not for a long time, baby," Kris panted as Tracy had his entire throbber in her surprisingly tight snatch, bouncing up and down. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, Kris!" she cried. "Your cock feels so good in me! Oh, Kris, fuck me!"

"Ride me, Tracy," he panted harder as his hips bucked up to join her in fucking. "Ride me, baby, you're so fucking hot!"

As she pumped up and down on his cock harder, her tits bounced in time with their fucking. He reached up and grabbed both of them, pulling her down to suck her nipples as she fucked his cock.

She then let out a soft cry as her body began to shiver.

"You gonna cum, baby? Huh? Come on, baby, I want you to let go a good cum for me while you fuck that cock!"

"God, Kris, fuck me!"

"Oh yeah, you are so ready to cum!"

"Yes! I'm going to cum!" she finally yelled out as Kris felt her cunt quiver with her orgasm as it wrapped tighter around his long-neglected tool.

"Dammit, fuck me!" she cried louder. "Fuck!"

Kris then reached up and grabbed her by the waist, slamming her down on his cock to really let her experience a hard cum.

"Oh fuck me more, Kris!" she cried out, cumming hard now. "Fuck! I'm cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmming! Fuck me...fuck!"

It seemed she'd cum for a long time before her body finally relaxed, not taking her eyes off of him nor slowing down on his cock the entire time.

Kris' dick still lodged deep into her pussy, he rolled them over until Tracy was underneath him, then fucked her with every inch of strength in his body.

"Kris, yessssss!!! Fuck the shit out of me! Fuck!"

"Ohh shit, baby, you are so hot!"

"Don't stop," Tracy panted, definitely enjoying his cock in her snatch. "Fuck me more! Harder!"

He may have been considerably older than his son's girlfriend and the mother of his grandchild, but Kris wanted to show her that even older guys can keep up with the likes of her in bed.

And there was no question Tracy was enjoying every minute of it.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh God, Kris," she cried, grabbing his ass. "Give me more of your cock! Fuck me!"

He fucked her missionary for several more minutes before he pulled out his cock and turned her over, entering her hot, dripping cunt again from behind and giving it to her doggy style.

"You're really enjoying this," he said when he felt her about to cum again, gently slapping her ass.

"You're sooooo hot, Kris...oh, God, fuck me harder.. I'm going to cum again...fuccccccck ME!"

Tracy then had another crashing orgasm; he felt her juices covering his cock as she came. 

Again, he fucked her even harder and went deeper into her pussy just so she would have a great cum.

She came a couple more times while they fucked doggy, screaming at Kris to fuck her more, harder, deeper, faster!

"Jesus Kris, fuck the shit out of me! Fuck me!"

"Oh God, Tracy!" he called. 

"Fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...FUCK!"

He was so into the hot sex Tracy was so freely giving him, Kris almost didn't feel the cum working its way up from his balls and about to shoot through his cock.

He hadn't even thought of using anything and was reluctant to cum into her; the last thing he needed was for her to get pregnant again. Especially with [I]his[/I] child.

"Tracy...got to pull out. Baby, I'm going to cum!"

"No, Kris!" she protested. "Fuck me more till you cum! I want you to shoot it in me! Cum in me!"

"Tracy...oh God...I can't..."

"I'm on the fucking pill now so Gus doesn't knock me up again…fuck me and shoot it in my pussy!" she cried louder. 

"Dammit, Kris, fucking cum in my pussy!" 

"You want this cum, baby?" he asked, feeling better that she used protection and as I felt the first shot of his load approaching. 

"Give it to me, Kris. Give me all that cum you got! Fill it with that hot cream! Cum in my pussy!"

"Shit! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum in your hot little cunt!"

His cock then blew what seemed to be an eternity of bottled up cum deep into Tracy's box; Kris felt as if he was shooting wads of it in Tracy's pussy as she squealed with happiness feeling his hot semen pass into her.

When Kris finally finished, he gave a couple more thrusts in and out of her cunt before he pulled out.

"God Kris," she breathed when he collapsed beside her, "You must have been really horny to fuck me that good!"

"You don't even know the half of it, Tracy," he said. 

It hadn't really hit him until later, and then he was embarrassed and guilt ridden about what had happened with the girl that was a little more than half his age.

Good God! He just had sex with his son's girlfriend! Worse, he had ENJOYED IT!