 "I just want to fuck," Jennie told her friend. "Not date, not be in a relationship. Just fuck."

"What stops you?" Sarah asked in return.

"What do you think? I can't just walk up to a guy and ask if he wants to jam his dick inside me."

"Ever tried?"

"Honestly, Sarah! Besides, I will search for an attractive guy, which is not relevant. Not if I close my eyes."

"Alright, what is you sexual dream right now?"

"What? Are you the blue fairy now?"

Her friend leaned closer over the table.

"If you tell me what you dream about, I'll arrange it for you. Will you follow through if I do?"

It was something in her voice and eyes. An excitement that was unusual for her. And Jennie felt it tingle in her body and her clit grew big enough to rub itself against her panties.

"Yes. Yes, I will."

"Sure?"

"Yes."

"So tell me."

And Jennie did.

A week later Jennie undressed in a hotel room as she watched Sarah putting on a black mask to be anonymous. They cleared the desk and Jennie bent over it.

"I need a pillow."

Sarah handed her one and Jennie tried again. It was perfect.

"Okay, blindfold me."

Sarah did and Jennie arranged herself. Her hips rested on the pillow, her tits hanged free and she rested her head against her arms on the desk's surface. Her ass faced the door, bare, naked and inviting. Oh God, she was hot. She would be fucked by a stranger.

There was a knock on the door and Sarah opened. No words were exchanged. She heard her walk past her, to her corner, observing, being her bodyguard. They had a safety word for when she should interfere. Jennie felt it tingle in her body.

The ad had stated the rules. She would get a cock up her pussy and be fucked. Hands allowed too.

A hand was placed on her sweet spot and she moved to make the fingers massage it. Two fingers moved up her pussy. He must feel she was as wet as wet goes. Oh, she wanted him so much. What a relief to not see him. Then he was the most handsome, sexy man she could ever want.

She heard him unbuckle his belt and heard the sound of a condom package ripped open. Then his cock came inside her. He grabbed one of her tits and massaged it and took hold of her hip with the other and jammed his tool all the way up.

Oh God, she was doing it. She was fucking a stranger. She was being fucked. Firm and hard and without questions and small talk.

And it felt good. No, it was magical.

She took hold of the sides of the table, curled her back and felt sweet breaking out all over her skin. They where not allowed to speak to each other but she could not help a moan slipping out. Her whole body tingled and accepted this experience.

He grabbed her hips and banged her like a fucking machine. His hips slammed into her buttocks over and over. Her tits swayed and swiped back and forth across the table. She came. But it did not stop there. He had not come yet and he pushed and pushed inside her, not letting her rest. The feeling was intense and unforgiving. She would come again.

Then he came and the banging stopped. No!

He remained inside her. She moved back and forth to reach her peek too, but it did not work as he was done. His hand went down to her button and massaged it. Oh thank God! She came, spraying his hand.

He pulled out. She could hear him breath. He walked to the bathroom.

She remained as she were, legs apart, pussy exposed. Wow! It had been fantastic. Something completely different from what she had experienced before. And what was even better was that she did not feel ashamed for feeling euphoria.

She heard him leave.

"Are you alright?" Sarah asked.

Jennie nodded.

"Don't tell a word about what he looked like," she warned.

"I won't. Was it good?" Sarah removed the blindfold.

"How long will it take before you can have another one here?"

Sarah stared at her.

"Ten, twenty minutes, I guess."

"Put the blindfold back on."

--

The door was opened by a masked woman. She was not to be touched. His eyes went passed her and into the room behind her. There she was, as described, bent over a table exposing it all for him. The other woman disappeared into a dark corner somewhere. He did not care. What he saw before him made him hard as Hell, and fast.

His fingers searched for her jolt. Not only was it of the size of a grape, waiting and willing and horny. She also responded at once, moving her hips to get more out of his fingers. He pushed two fingers up her pussy. Wet and ready. Unbelievable. He thought women like this were just in his imagination. It was no question about her willingness. She wanted to be fucked. For whatever reason she did indeed want to be fucked by a stranger, by him, right now.

He fumbled with his pants, got his cock out and the condom on. He placed it by her entrance and pushed inside her. He leaned forward and took hold of a breast, felt its nipple harden.

He pumped. Pumped like he had never done before. This was so unbelievable. Then thoughts of guilt crossed his mind, that he was not gentle, that this was not what he was supposed to do. Before his eyes her whole body responded to his cock's movements inside her body. He was quite sure that she came and he pushed all negative thoughts away and just let his dick do what it did best. His mind went blank except for a huge feeling of pleasure. He came. It drained him and he almost fell to his knees.

She kept moving, wanting more. He massaged her jolt and she came within seconds, spraying him.

He backed away.

Who was she? They would never meet again and she had just given him the best fuck of his life.