 "I don't know what to do, Gary. No matter who it is, I always find something wrong with them." Kaylee complained.

"You're just too picky sometimes. Especially about this." Gary would reply.

For months Kaylee had been on a quest for her soulmate. She would look at every guy she passed...at times she would even glance at the women...but with no luck.

"I don't know what brought this on, Kay. You have plenty of time! You're gorgeous, you're funny, you're smart, you're-"

"single" she would always reply.

At the end of every day, she would recount her search to her roommate/best friend, Gary. And after she was done, he would try to convince of her that she was crazy. Her singleness had never bothered her before, but then, on her 20th birthday, she'd gone into a crisis. 

When she had been little, she would imagine her wedding. She'd imagine her groom. And she had planned on it all, even the date. The date she'd always counted on was May 14, 2002, her 20th birthday. 

Now that it had come and gone, she was in a rut. No one was good enough. She'd looked at coworkers, friends, even cashiers. No one.

"It's easy for you, Gary. Everyone loves you. The right person will just.. meet you. I actually have to go out and find mine."

"And what makes me different from you? I'm telling you, Kaylee, when you stop looking, you'll meet him."

She would always sigh, and tell him he was right. Then, they would fall asleep watching some movie late at night, snuggled on the couch.

~*~*~*~*~*~

"Kaylee, we have this conversation every night! Let it go! Concentrate on your work, or your, um, ...get a pet! Something!"

"Sorry, sorry. I'll stop."

"Uh-huh."

Gary went to go get the popcorn from the microwave, as Kaylee poured them some soda pop. She was hilarious to watch pouring something. Her long, curly blonde hair would dip into the cup, and as she would straighten up, it would snap into her cute, button-nosed face. Then she would always look up at Gary with her big green eyes to see if he saw. He always did. 

Tonight he was wearing a black turtleneck that showcased his muscles nicely, jeans, and hiking boots. He had his light brown hair combed to the front. As always, though, the first thing you would have noticed was his light blue eyes. On his tanned face, they were very startling. 

As Kaylee shuffled around in her fuzzy slippers, tee shirt, and panties, she wasn't bothered in the least that her drawers were showing. She had known Gary forever, and they were strictly friends. 

"What movie did you get, Kay?"

"Um, some unknownie. Something about a policeman..."

"Remind me to supervise you. You keep getting these winners." he replied sarcastically.

"Just sit down and watch." 

"Yes, dear."

He sat down, waited for Kaylee to sit on his lap, and waited for it to begin.

It started out normally, but it was soon apparent that this was an "adult movie".

"Oh, my gosh. I didn't think someone was able to do that." Kaylee gaped.

"You did this on purpose, didn't you, you little devil."

"Please. All this is doing is reminding me of how lonely I am. I sure wish I had someone to do that with."

"You keep saying stuff like that, and wiggling your butt on my lap, then I might just have to do something about it." Gary said to her.

Kaylee hadn't even realized she was wiggling, but now that he had mentioned it, she sensed a wetness in her pussy. More importantly, she sensed a hardness below that.

"Is this turning you on, Gawee?" she teased. "Is having my hot little body on yours getting someone hard?"

"You little slut!" he laughed. He pushed her off of him, and tickled her, jumping on top of her, in hopes of diverting attention from his "condition".

All it did, though, was make it worse. Kaylee wiggling under him, laughing cheerily, made him think things he shouldn't. For a while now, he had noticed his best friend's "charms" were attracting some attention. He could see why, too. She was stacked, in just about everyone's opinion. He had also noticed, that when he imagined his future, she would be in it. 

Kaylee, meanwhile, was fighting to get free. Then their lips brushed against each other's, making them stop and stare at each other. There had been a spark, that made Kaylee's heart beat. "This is it." she thought. "This is the spark I've been looking for. Right here...all this time."

She looked at him a moment longer, then leaned her head up to a bewildered Gary, and whispered "Kiss me again."

He lowered his lips to hers, closing his eyes partly, looking at her through his long eyelashes. He felt the spark too, and he felt it again when their lips met once more. The kiss started gently, but soon developed into a passionate make out session. Gary's tongue would be sucked on by a shocked Kaylee. 

She pulled away, mentally scolding herself for not seeing it before. Gary was the one. It was Gary. 

She rolled out from under him, got up, and slowly walked to her bedroom, on the other side of their loft apartment. He followed her a few steps behind, but was suprised when he didn't find her there. She popped her head out from her bathroom door. "Wait there."

He sat down on her bed, his mind racing. It had finally happened. They were together now.

"Close your pretty eyes." he heard her husky voice say.

He did, and he felt her naked figure press against his back. She unbuttoned his shirt from behind, kissing the back of his neck, whispering sweet nothings in his ear. She rolled over and sat on his lap, wrapping her legs around him. She held his head and kissed him more and more. His hands rubbed up and down her back. 

He lifted her up and laid her down on the bed, kissing down her neck. He reached her perfect D-Cup breasts, and licked around and around, slowly closing in on her pink nipples, which were hard by now. When he reached them, he closed his mouth over them, and suckled like a newborn baby. She tipped her head back and cooed, holding his head to her breast. He detached himself from her, and suckled on her other breast. When he felt that they had waited long enough, he kissed and sucked his was down her taut stomach.

When he neared her sweet cunt, she was trembling. He made soothing noises as he lowered his mouth. Looking into her eyes, he kissed her swollen clit,making her lift her hips up and make a noise of pure pleasure from her full, pouty lips. Her eyes never broke contact with his, as he licked up and down her slit. He finally looked away as he sucked each of her tender pussy lips into his mouth. Then he reached into her fuck hole with his tongue, she was in ecstacy. As he sucked and flicked her clit, she came. She came with such intensity, he had to hold on to her hips, for she was bucking so hard he felt a compulsion to keep sucking on her, putting her in such pain it actually felt good. He certaintly knew all the tricks.

"Mmmmmm...where'd you learn to do that, Gary?"

"Shhh...you need to relax for this part, sweetie. You wanna go on?"

"Mmm, yes." she replied, still in the afterglow.

He took off his shoes and pants. He stroked his cock a few times, lining it up with her wet pussy. He had an average sized cock in length, about eight inches, but it was very, very thick. So thick, he was worried about hurting her, so he rubbed her clit gently to keep her mind occupied. As he pressed the head of his cock to her pussy, he rubbed harder, watching her face for just the right second. When she closed her eyes and moaned, he shoved his cock into her, all in one thrust.

Her eyes flew open, as she realized she hadn't prepared herself for this. As the pain subsided, he rubbed slowly in and out of her, very gently. Pleasure started to come to her, as her pussy lips followed his cock in and out, touching his balls occasionally. "God, fuck me faster." she groaned.

"Yes, ma'am." he replied in a drawl, as he pumped into her faster. Her tits bounced as he bucked into her. Her head threw itself back, as she opened her mouth moaning and screaming. He felt his cock bump into her cervix, and he just fucked her harder, making her scream. He felt the cum start to build up in his balls, making them heavier. He felt them bounce off her ass as he warned her. "Yes! Yes, cum in me! Cum WITH me!" she svreamed back. 

As he groaned, he felt her tight walls get even tighter as she came on his cock. She bucked into his hips as he felt his cum spill out into her, pumping into her with each jet of thick creamy cum. She felt it start overflow, and as he started to stop pumping, she lowered her hand and brought some cum, mixied with her juices, up to her mouth. He kissed her, as she swallowed some of the mixture. They shared their taste, kissing slowly and passionately. 

And as they feel asleep, she whispered dreamily to him, "Hey, Gary?"

"Yeah, baby?"

"I think my search is over."

"Mine too."