 It had been nearly two months since my little tryst with Erica and her husband Jim. Work was the same as it had been prior to our sexual escapade, with Erica and me flirting shamelessly, only now there was more of a sexual tension in the air that had to be apparent to everyone in the office. Fortunately for us, nobody said anything.

I had found myself wanting more of Erica, but the opportunity hadn’t presented itself again, much to my dismay. As a result, I started my search for “Mrs. Right” again by going out on the dating scene once more. I met Dawn at a dance club one night and she immediately caught my eye. She was tiny, compared to my 6’4” frame, standing only about five feet or so. She had long red hair and her blue eyes were spectacular. And as an added bonus, she had a great pair of 34C breasts and an ass that complimented her frame perfectly. We had a lot in common and exchanged phone numbers that evening and had started seeing each other fairly regularly for about a month.

On our fourth date, she invited me into her place for a nightcap. She showed me into her living room and said she’d go fix us some drinks. As I waited for her to return, I looked around the room and glanced at several pictures of her with another woman with a slightly darker complexion than hers and dark hair. While in most cases seeing a picture of two women would have been wholly unremarkable, what immediately caught my attention was the fact that the two of them were engaged in a rather sensuous lip lock.

When Dawn returned with our drinks, I asked, “Who’s this in the picture with you?”

She blushed momentarily and replied, “That was my ex-girlfriend. She caught me looking at a guy and got all pissed off. That’s why we broke up.”

This sort of caught me a bit off guard, so I asked, “So you’re a lesbian?”

She said, “Yeah, technically I guess I am. Because I’ve never been with a guy before. But I was hoping we could change that tonight.” 

Dawn then walked up to me and pulled me down to her for a kiss. As our tongues swirled, her hands reached for my pants and began to unbuckle my belt. When she finally unbuttoned and unzipped them, she pulled them down and dropped down to her knees. Grasping my cock by its base, she looked up at me and said, “It looks like I picked a pretty nice specimen for my first fuck, didn’t I?” She took the head in her mouth and began to swirl her tongue around in fast circles, causing me to groan. She picked up the pace a bit and began bobbing her head up and down along the shaft, giving head like an expert. I had a hard time believing she’d never done this before.

It started feeling a little too good for me, and I was afraid I was going to come too soon, so I lifted her to her feet and gently pushed her over to the couch. I began to unbutton her shirt, kissing the newly exposed flesh after every new button. This caused her to shiver, silently urging me to continue. 

When her shirt was fully unbuttoned, I reached behind her and unclasped her bra. Peeling it from her breasts, I bent down and gently began to suck and nibble around the pert nipples. She gave a contented sigh. 

Next, I began to unfasten her jeans, slowly sliding them down her legs, revealing a black thong that covered very little and looked gorgeous against her pale skin. I got down on my knees between her legs and pulled her thong down, giving me my first glimpse at her shaven pussy. She was obviously excited, as her wetness was clearly evident. I inhaled her musky scent and kissed the inside of her thigh, making sure that I didn’t touch her sensitive spots. I wanted to make this last as long as possible and ensure that she was going to be wet enough for me to take her when the time was right.

Continuing my teasing of her inner thighs, she finally grabbed my head and pulled me to her pussy. Who was I to complain? I attacked with vigor, plunging my tongue in as far as it would go, nibbling gently on her lips and finally sucking on her clit. Her hands were grasping her breasts and pinching her nipples. She was groaning and lashing about as I continued my oral ministrations on her beautiful pussy.

Finally, I inserted my finger in her while I sucked on her clit. Rubbing her g-spot in slow circular motions set her off. Her thighs clamped around my ears and she pulled my head hard into her until I thought I was going to drown in her juices. I figured, if it was my time to go, this was one hell of a way to die. 

When her orgasm subsided, she released my head from her vice-like grip and pulled me up to her for a long, tongue-filled kiss. She said, “I want you. I want you inside of me and I want it now!”

I place my cock at her entrance and pressed in. Even as wet as she was, there was a tightness that I hadn’t felt around my cock in a very long time. She was a virgin and I was determined to make sure she enjoyed this. Because God knew, I sure was!

It seemed to take forever until I was fully inside of her. When I was, I took my time, allowing her to get used to it. Finally feeling her loosen up, I began a slow, rhythmic thrusting, in and out, in and out, never breaking stride. The whole time, Dawn’s eyes were closed as she moaned a lustful, throaty sound that turned me on to hear.

She looked up at me after a few minutes and said, “Can we change positions? I wanna try doggy-style.”

She slid off my cock and got on her knees in front of me. When she was ready, I again took my time entering her, knowing I was going to be going in a little deeper than before. When she was accustomed to my girth, she looked back at me and said, “Now fuck me hard!”

I pulled my cock out until only the head was in her pussy, then slammed forward, causing the couch that she was leaning on to slide a little bit. She screamed for me to continue and I was only too happy to oblige.

Fucking her hard, I reached underneath and began to manipulate her clit with my fingers. She was apparently multi-orgasmic because she began a series of orgasms around my cock that caused her pussy to spasm uncontrollably. This all became too much for me and I said, “I’m gonna cum!”

She said, “Cum in my pussy! Fill me up!”

I slammed into her one final time and came until I had nothing left to give. As she felt my come hitting the inside of her vaginal walls, she came one more time. Screaming out, she yelled, “Fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!” and passed out, face first onto the seat of the sofa. 

I pulled out of her and brushed her red hair away from her face, gently kissing her back to consciousness. She looked up at me, and with a weak smile, said, “I think I waited too long for that. Thank you.”

I picked her up off the floor and carried her to her bedroom where we both fell into a fitful sleep until the next morning.