 "Hey good lookin'"

"Well hello, Mr. Steve. What's goin' on this fine day?"

So began another exchange. Anyone in sales finds out early on just who to make friends with in any business you call on regularly. And as you build your business, over time, you become more than just contacts. It's possible to really become friends. All on different levels of course. Every human is different. And Cathy is just Cathy. She's not the boss, but while she doesn't sign the checks, she's been the office manager of her company long enough to make the orders, so her desk is always my first and last stop when I'm in the area.

"Where's everyone at?", I asked as I sat the box of a dozen donuts down on her desk, along with a handful of new pens. Cathy turned around and put the donuts on the desk behind her, and then opened her middle drawer and rolled all the pens down into it.

"Well, Dave is on a 'business' trip... golfing of course. And Sheila's home sick... cramps. Let's see, Diane is at lunch. Earl's out 'on a call'... with Dave gone he's probably goofing off somewhere. Cindy's at a seminar. That leaves me in here all alone, and Jack's out in the warehouse fixing the forklift. I like these roller-ball pens you're giving out these days. All you have is black?"

"Yes, darlin'. Only black ink this batch. Don't you share those?"

"Hell no. I've got three kids in high school, remember?"

I shook my head and smiled and pulled up a chair. I'd probably leave with an order, but Cathy was in the mood to talk a bit. Cathy was a fun gal. We'd been doing business goin' on five years. She's not too much younger than me. Married too. She's petite, short brown hair, not slender, not heavy, just a normal mom. She's got an attractive face, nice bottom (I've checked it out often). It's her quick wit that makes her so much fun. Plain spoken, dry humor. And this lady can flirt with the best of them. We've often held the other gals in her office spellbound when we got going. Cathy can get as earthy as anyone, but she'd give you the blouse off her back. Not literally of course. At least not to me.

"So what's new pretty one?"

"That's the second compliment, fella'. Whatcha' lookin' for? A little lovin'?"

"All you got, baby."

"Yeah right, dream on, man, dream on."

So began the normal exchange. I had a good joke I'd pulled off the internet that morning. She had a rather crude, but funny, cartoon she'd been faxed earlier in the week. I took a note of some things she knew they needed.

"So, Cathy, how're you doing, really. Mom doin' better?"

"Yeah. She's getting' there. I don't know. Things at home still as dead as ever."

I could tell by her tone her and her husband weren't getting along. She'd confided in me a time or two that things were just not great. But like so many of us, kids, house, bills... she just made things work. Oh he was a nice enough guy, regular joe. But he never took the time to even try to make her feel good. She opened up one time and told me that they rarely had sex, and that it had been ages since she'd actually 'gotten off' with him. She'd winked and tried to shock the office saying she just 'took matters into her own hand'. I remember the other gals almost gasped when she told me that. On my next sales visit, I put a full box of Duracells on her desk, and created quite a round of giggles.

But today, Cathy wasn't cracking too many jokes. It seemed like with the empty office she just wanted someone to talk to. I didn't mind. I just liked her. And I'd had two great calls earlier, and probably had a third of my month done in the first half of the first week. So I just kicked back and we talked. Well, Cathy talked. I pretty much just listened. No major crisis, I think she just needed someone to listen. The phone rang.

"Yeah, Diane. Go ahead. No, it's ok. Things are slow here with Dave out. I'll cover for awhile. Back by 3:00? OK, but I'm headin' home early myself then. Deal?"

"Minding the store alone then?"

"Yeah. It's ok."

"We better be careful. The two of us all alone for two hours. We might get into all kinds of trouble." I winked, knowing she would come back with a one liner. I was a little taken back by her response.

"Know something, Steve? No... never mind."

"Now Cathy, don't start things you don't finish. Tell me."

"No, you'd think less of me."

"Try me."

I thought she'd just unload a bit more. She seemed to be thinking all the time we'd been talking, so I figured I'd hear more about home, mom, kids. And we're friends, so sometimes a friend just needs to listen.

"You sure?"

"Positive."

"OK. No. Damn, I can't"

"Oh Cathy, what's wrong hon?"

"Well, if you must know, I'm just so freakin' horny. I've been trying to get that dick-head husband of mine to even look at me for two weeks now. It must be a middle age thing."

Oh my. That was different. Flagrant flirting was one thing. Just open honesty about one's personal needs is another. It wasn't threatening. I just knew she trusted me, I guess.

"Hey. We both know there are 'other' ways, don't we? Remember the batteries?"

I tried to lighten the moment. She smiled.

"Yeah, I do. And yes, if you must know, I've put them to use. But it's not the same. It is wonderful between lovin' sessions, but it can't replace them. I mean... I've even made a friend or two on-line. Not pervs, mind you. Just decent guys who actually make me feel wanted. It's wonderful now and again, but still... know what I mean?"

I swallowed hard. I'd never shared with anyone I knew that I too enjoyed the internet, and had made some wonderful friends there through the years. I thought about sharing that with her, and inviting her to read some of my stories, but I had second thoughts. Before I could make up my mind, Cathy just went on.

"Steve, I just need a good, hard... you know." She sighed and looked right into my eyes.

What do I say now? It didn't sound like a come-on. I mean, we're in the office for pete's sake. It wasn't playful either. It just was honest, and I think it was making her just feel better sharing it.

"Yeah, hon. I do know. Even ol' fat married grandpa's have feelings like that now and again."

"Oh hush," she said looking at me with a smile, "I think you've still got a lot of life left in you. And you listen. I'm glad we're friends. Hell, right now, if it makes you feel good, I'd actually love to just... you know... with... you."

Gulp. Oh my. The truth was, as we'd been talking, I have to admit she was making me horny too. Neither one of us needed or wanted an affair. But here we were. Two normal, real, basic people just wanting to be held. To be kissed. To just be together.

"Cathy, trust me. If the time and place were right, I have to admit... this conversation has put me in a mood to throw caution to the wind with you.

She just looked at me. Then she smiled. Her voice changed a bit as she whispered loudly.

"OK. Let's."

I looked around. Empty office.

"Don't worry, hon. I'll put the phone on 'out of office' message."

With that she picked up the phone and rang the intercom. 

"Hey Jack. How's it coming? Hey, I'm gonna' slip out for a quick bite with Steve. Diane's out for another hour or so. Listen for the phone, will ya? Thanks doll. I owe ya."

With that she stood up, and took my arm.

"Come on. Let's be friends."

With that she led the way out of the office and down the hallway. Pulling a set of keys from her jeans pocket, she found the right one and unlocked the door to a large storage room. Closing the door behind us, she locked it, and turned to me. Without one hesitation we both just took each other in our arms, and began the most mind-blowing kissing we'd either experienced in years. Tongues worked together, hands moved slowly up and down one another's backs. I felt her breathing quicken and deepen, and then her hand slipped down between us. As she felt my hard-on, our kiss broke and she moaned loudly.

Then... the office door opened out front.

We stood silently, still holding one another. It was Diane. We could hear her voice from the other room.

"Jack. Where's Cathy. Oh she did? Oh, OK. Anyway, I'm back. No problem. I've got it covered here."

"Damn", I whispered, "almost busted".

"Oh no baby", she whispered close to my ear. "Good parents both know how to screw quietly. Remember? I'm so fucking wet, you can't stop now, hon. I gotta' cum so bad. Please."

I looked around and found a plastic five gallon bucket, and turning it quietly upside down, I unzipped my fly. Immediately her hands where on my belt, and soon my pants were down under my knees and I sat down. Cathy shook her hair back over her shoulder, and tugged her own jeans and panties down, stepping out of them with one leg, keeping the other half still around her one ankle. I sat back against the wall, and knowingly she lifted her free leg, giving me a gorgeous view of her neatly trimed pussy as she straddled my lap. She was indeed soaked. Holding myself, I wet the head between her swollen lips, guiding it as she slowly sank down on me. 

I put my hands on her hips. She still had her blouse on, so she raised it just enough to bare her tummy a bit so it would touch mine, as she bit her lower lip, feeling the sensation of hardness within her. Quietly, she began to work her body up and down, grinding, both her hands on my shoulders, her eyes closed. I took one hand and began to massage one of her breasts through her top and bra. Her pretty eyes closed tighter and now her teeth were grinding together as her pace quickened. Cathy was simply letting herself go completely. All I could do was sit back and help balance her on my lap as she just worked harder. She was gorgeous to just admire while she moved faster and harder. Her pretty head leaned back and I watched her mouth open wide as I felt her soaked, tight pussy begin to spasm uncontrollably, squeezing my manhood hard. And she didn't let out one sound beyond a deep, hard exhaled breath, but her face was gorgeous as wave after wave swept over her, and she fought to stay quiet. 

I felt her relax as she caught her breath and opened her eyes. Slowly she exhaled, making sure she was a quiet about it as possible. I felt her breath on my face. I smiled. She needed that. Of course, I was still hard and she was still impaled upon me, but I knew we needed to still be quiet. Suddenly she just stood up and I slipped out. With one motion, she bent over and found the empty pants leg with her bare foot, and pulled panties and jeans up in one motion, buttoning and zipping them. She smiled at me the whole time. Well, what's a friend for, I guessed. I was glad I helped her, but she was right. We needed to call it quits before we got caught. I reached down to find my belt and get up too.

I felt her hands on my shoulders and looked up. Cathy was smiling, and shaking her head. She mouthed the words, "No way". I started to slowly mouth a response, but I felt her finger touch my lips, silently telling me to be quiet. With that, she knelt down, and licked her lips, and smiled at me, taking my cock in her soft hand, still wet from her juices, she stroked it it three or four times bringing it fully back to life. I sat back again and relaxed. Then I watched her tilt her head and I felt the tip of her tongue slip up the back of it as her fingertips began to squeeze my balls. One more look and one more smile, and then, her lovely mouth opened and I watched myself slowly disappear into her pretty face. I leaned back and closed my own eyes. How in the world will I be able to be as quiet as Cathy? 

Guess we'll find out, huh?