 "Kent, I need a big favor from you.  Do you think you could help me out?"

"Certainly Captain, anything at all."  Capt. Lars Sven's favor was in truth an order in disguise.  As captain of the cruise ship 'Dorado', he was my boss and supreme commander, and use to having his own way.  As the lowly meteorological officer, I was use to snapping to attention and obeying his command.

"My wife, Bea, wants you to do something for her.  Will you have tea with her this afternoon at 1600, find out what is, and take care of it for me?"

"Of course, Sir."  I had met the captain's wife on one other occasion.  She could best be described as stately.  I remembered that she was British and my idea of what an English aristocrat might look like.  She was tall and carried herself with great dignity.

By early afternoon I had finished the three-day weather forecasts, bathed, and changed to a clean, white ships afternoon uniform.  With my hat under my arm, I presented myself at the captain's cabin promptly at 4 p.m.  

At my knock, she opened the door, extended her hand in greeting, and asked me to come in.  She thanked me for coming and asked me to take a seat where she indicated on the small sofa.  She was dressed in some type of loose lounging pajamas.  While she busied herself with the tea preparations, I took stock of her.  She had short gray hair, was tall and slender, in her early to mid '50s, perhaps 10 years younger than her husband and had a very distinct, clipped British accent.

She served Earl Grey tea and scones, with strawberry jam and double cream.  To my surprise, rather than taking a seat on the small chair opposite the coffee table she sat on the divan next to me.  

She looked a little uncomfortable when she said, "Kent, I suppose you know why you're here.  Lars said that of all of the young man on the ship, you were the one best suited."

I was completely in the dark and told her so.  She leaned forward, put her hand on my bare leg and in a conspiratorial whisper said, "I want you to make love to me."

I was speechless.  "I...  You...  I... The Captain..." 

"Don't worry about him, this has his blessing.  He is impotent and because of his heart problems, he can't take Viagra.  He can't help me any other way because it gets him too excited and his heart can't stand that either.  After all, this is his idea and he was the one that chose you."

Despite my protests, she took me by the hand, pulled me up from the settee and pushed me towards the bedroom door. "Go into the bathroom and take off your clothes.  I wait for you in the bed."

As I removed my clothes, I was numb with the realization of what was expected of me and was unsure of what to do next.  I delayed as long as I dared but knew that I must eventually come of the bath so I wrapped a towel around my waist.  Curtains had been pulled over the portholes, subduing the bright afternoon sunshine somewhat, but there was still a warm glow throughout the cabin.  She was in the middle of the large bed with a sheet pulled up around her throat.  

When she saw me, she sat up, still clutching the sheet to her breast.  With a quick motion, she flipped up the corner of the sheet nearest me and said, "Quick, get in here with me."

I delayed just long enough so that she leaned forward and pulled away the towel.  She momentarily lost her grip on the sheet, exposing a creamy white and surprisingly firm breast.  She quickly recovered her composure and looking directly at my crotch said, "My, I think Lars was right.  You are the one."

I slipped into bed quickly, before she had a chance to grab anything else.  She nestled up close to me, her head on my shoulder.  I could feel her breath falling softly on the nipple of my right breast when she said, "Did I see what I think I saw?"  Her hand discovered what she was seeking.  "You have no pubic hair!  Ooh.  How erotic!"

Despite the misgivings I was having about this encounter, her hand was rapidly gaining my attention. Within moments, I could hear the symphony of my libido in my ears and my cautions were thrown to the wind.  I wanted this woman!  I raised her lips from my nipple and I kissed her, long, slow and with as much tongue as I dared.  I shouldn't have worried, she took it all and returned hers.  Now, we were lying side-by-side in the bed facing each other.  I knew that my erect penis was pushing hard against her leg, but I didn't care, in fact, it felt pretty good.  It felt even better when she opened her legs and with her hand guided me into the warm, moist, spot I discovered there.

Her mouth was against my ear when she whispered, "Roll over on top of me and put it in, I want to feel you deep inside of me.  Oh yes, like that, ooh, it's been so long!"

She was almost whimpering as I was striving to give her what she had been missing.  I hammered myself into her, time after time only to feel her pushing just as hard against me.  I marveled at her endurance and wondered if I would be able to bring her to climax before I did myself.  I was very close so I tried to slow down to hold off the inevitable but she wouldn't have it.

"Oh God, don't stop now, I'm almost there."

Like the Lady she was, she had a tremendous orgasm in complete silence, the only outward indication being a tightening of her muscles and the increased tempo of her breathing.  I persevered and soon I was also smelling flowers in the garden of rapture.  

She was breathing so hard I was afraid there was a problem, but she finally gasped, "Thank you so very much.  It's been so long; I don't remember it being that good.  I'll carry the memory of this afternoon to my grave."

She may have, but if she did, she also carried the memory of Ramon, the activities director, Paul, the second mate, Ralph, the engineer, Rudy, the chef, and William, the chief steward.

30

Copyright © 02-05-2001 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me at the link below.