 What a day! Bright sunshine, no clouds and a light breeze caressing the shore. Belinda, my own true love was coming for lunch. It just doesn't get any better than this. My house is situated on a large lake and my beach is back in a cove hidden from the lake. I just had time for a quick shower before she arrived. I was just putting on my swim suit when I heard the growl of her Cobra. My eyes popped when she jumped out of the car already in her little pink bikini. She was five foot one inch tall with 34 C breasts and a slim wasp-like waist blending into smoothly shaped hips. Her legs were a photographers dream. Her honey blond hair framed a face that should have been in the movies. Belinda and I had fooled around a little bit but we had never actually done the deed. I had a hard time believing that a beauty like her could want a guy like me. I'm six foot two, 220 pounds, muscular but not overly so. I'm not totally ugly but I'm no movie star either. I am a construction manager for a firm that builds steel buildings.

"Hi Harry, honey," she exclaimed as she bounded up the stairs and into my arms.

"Hi baby! Are you ready for a swim and some sunbathing?"

I had prepared a basket lunch so we could have our meal at the water's edge. The cooler full of wine and soft drinks was already on the beach. I picked up the basket.

"Grab the sunscreen and follow me," I said.

We headed for our little hide away on the beach. When we got there, she dropped the lotion, spun me around and planted a big, juicy kiss on my lips.

"Wow! What was that for?" I inquired.

"I'm just giving you something to look forward to," she answered.

I settled onto the blanket and she settled into my arms. She was all soft and warm and squirmy. I pulled her into me and once again kissed her lips. This time I opened my mouth in invitation and her tongue immediately took up residence next to mine. By the time the kiss ended I was breathing hard. Her body was setting off all kinds of signals in my center. 

She looked deep into my eyes and said, "Let's go swimming."

When she entered the water, she turned around and looked at me. She took a shallow dive and when she came up she was holding both halves of her bikini.

"I wanna skinny dip. It's your turn," she declared.

Without hesitation I dropped my suit and splashed into the water behind her. The cool water had its usual effect on my gonads which basically disappeared. I swam over to her and threw my arms around her. I got suddenly warmer and my cock started to rise. It throbbed as I pressed it into her belly. She giggled and kissed me, pulling me even harder into her. I felt her hand slip between us as she grabbed my dick.

"Oh look, you're all stiff and tense. I think you need a nice massage. Come on," she said.

When we reached the beach blanket she said, "Lie down on your belly and let Belinda massage you."

I flopped down and she straddled my back. I could feel her wet pussy pressing onto me. I hadn't even gotten a really good look at it yet. Her fingers dug into my shoulders as she pushed the tenseness out of my muscles. All my cares and worries drifted away. My cock got harder and harder as she worked her way down past my butt and onto my legs.

"Okay, roll over," she giggled.

Never being one to disobey a direct order from a superior, I rolled. My cock was sticking straight up. She looked at it and smiled.

"Gee, you're still tense. I'll bet I can fix that," she said.

She started by rubbing my chest and then worked her way down to the really tense part. By then, her pussy was directly above my mouth so I licked it. She dropped it onto my eager lips. Her lips engulfed my cock. She sucked and I licked until I was almost ready to cum. Before I could, she hopped up and turned around, sitting on my chest. She reached behind her and grabbed my dick again.

"Oh dear, this part of you is still tense," she laughed, "but I've got special equipment for massaging it! Please don't be rough with me Harry. I've only done this a couple of times and it hurt both times."

She slid down my stomach. My cock slipped between her pussy lips. She stopped.

"I'm scared Harry," she whispered.

"Just slide carefully onto it and if it hurts, stop," I replied in desperation.

I could feel every succulent ripple in her as she slowly engulfed my manhood. She was throbbing around me. Unbelievably tight, I knew why it had hurt her before. Some caveman had just rammed it into her with no thought of her and her feelings.

"Is it all the way in?" she sniffled.

"Yeah honey, that's all I've got," I gently replied.

"It feels great Harry. I love the feel of your cock inside me. I wanna fuck you to death!"

"Go ahead."

Her hips started a slow swirl over me driving my dick in and out of her. I wanted to make her cum. I wanted to cum but I held back as long as I could. She ground into me faster and faster. 

"Oh god Harry, I'm gonna cum!" she screamed.

I felt her vagina flex around me and I lost it. A huge stream of me shot into her.

"Did you cum in me Harry?"

"Yeah, I'm sorry. I couldn't help it."

"I don't care. It just felt so good when you shot your juice into me. I didn't know sex could be like this. This is the most fun I've ever had."

My dick deflated and fell out followed by a gusher of fuck juices. She looked at the wet, limp thing and held it in her hands.

"What happened to it?" she cried.

"Don't worry. It'll be back. It just takes men a little while to reload."

"Well, I hope it doesn't take too long because I want to do that again!"

I hugged her and kissed her hard. She wriggled and twitched in my arms. I could feel her whole naked body pressed against me. I licked a drop of sweat off her nose and she smiled.

"This is so erotic! I thought of sex as a chore to be accomplished as a duty by a wife. Now I see it as the greatest sport in the world! Oh Harry, you've made me so happy. I wanna fuck you all the time."

She jacked my slowly recovering pecker. Once again I attained full hardness. She smiled at me.

"Get on top and fuck me to death!" she ordered.

I rubbed her tits as I rolled on top of her. She was open and ready. I watched as my cock slid through the light dusting of pussy hair and contacted her lips. Her legs wrapped around my ass and jerked me into her.

"I thought you didn't want to get rough," I exclaimed.

"That was before I found out that I like it. Pound me hard Harry. Make me all yours!" she screamed.

I started driving into her harder and deeper until I didn't have anything left to give. She was really into it. Her head flopped back and forth on the blanket as she rapidly stroked me with her pussy.

"Do it hard Harry. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she moaned.

"I'm gonna cum!" I cried.

"Wait for me!" she screamed.

I held off as long as I could but soon I burst like a dam, flooding her pussy with my juice. I could feel her flexing around me as she also had an orgasm. I left what was left of my cock in her as I loved her and hugged her. She clamped her lips on mine and we almost passed out from the resulting kiss.

"You are the best piece of ass on the planet!" I declared.

"Those other two guys called me the ice queen," she sobbed.

"Well that's because they were Neanderthal morons. They obviously knew nothing about sex or women. Stick with me and we can do this all the time."

"Harry, I hate to ask, but do you think I could move in with you? I want to wake up with you and love you every day."

"I was just about to ask you if you would move in with me. I'm falling in love with you Belinda. I don't want anyone else."

"Oh god, Harry, I think I'm gonna fuck you again!"

She massaged my balls and giggled as they moved in her hands. She popped my limp dick into her mouth and sucked it back to life.

"Do it Harry! Do it to me!"

This time I plunged all the way into her in one stroke. She grunted and giggled. I slowly stroked her. She wiggled her ass, driving me out of my mind. I was lost in her arms, out of control, happy. Slow, slow, a rhythm guaranteed to make a strong man weep. The longer it lasted, the better it got. I felt my sperm rising within me. Her pussy tightened around me and we came in a giant mutual orgasm. 

"You know sweetheart, if I died right now, I would be happy. I love you more now than I have ever loved anyone," I panted.

"Harry honey I can't wait to move in. Can I just spend tonight with you and we'll go get my stuff in the morning."

What a question! Only an idiot would say 'no' to a proposition like that. As we tumbled around on the blanket my foot hit something hard. It was the cooler.

"Let's have some lunch. I need to regain my strength so we can do it this afternoon," I said.

"Good idea! I need to refuel too. Oh Harry, we're gonna have such fun together!"

We ate our lunch and polished off a bottle of wine. Like snakes, we got tired after the meal.

"Harry, can we take a little nap?"

"Sure, but we better put on some lotion or we'll be crispy critters."

I got the lotion and rubbed it into every square inch of her. Then she did the same to me. By the time we finished we were in heat again.

"Let's just spoon until we're really ready again," she said.

She stretched out on the blanket and I stretched out behind her. She trapped my half hard dick between her legs. I trapped her tits in my hands and we drifted off to sleep. When I woke up I was at full hard. She had it in her hand and was rubbing it through her pussy hairs. 

"So! A sneak attack eh," I growled. "Now you must pay!"

"Hee, hee, hee, okay," She giggled.

I made a wild stab at her vagina and hit it dead center. My cock slid easily into her.

"Get on your hands and knees," I barked.

She pushed herself and me up on her knees and I started to doggy fuck her.

"Oh yes Harry! I really like this1" she exclaimed. 

"Woof, woof," I replied.

She giggled and soon we were both breathing hard. The longer we fucked, the better I liked it.....no, loved it. I suddenly realized that I wanted her for the rest of my life. At that moment I could feel my semen rising from my balls, ready to fire into her. She had her head on the blanket and her ass in the air. She was wiggling it on my super hard cock. I felt her clamp down. I came like a fire hose. I rolled off and she rolled into my arms.

"I can't stand the thought of not having you," I said.

"What do you mean?" she asked with an evil gleam in her eyes.

"I suddenly realized that I was deeply in love with you. There is no other way out. Marry me!"

She tried her best to ram her tongue down my throat. When we broke the kiss she sat up.

"Well?" I asked.

My heart was pounding. Tears were starting to form in my eyes. She smiled at me.

"Of course I'll marry you. That was the main part of my evil scheme. I've been in love with you for a long time but I didn't want to make love to you because I thought you'd think I was a slut. I finally decided to give it the ultimate test."

"Well, scheme or not, it worked. You're mine and I'm yours and we're both each's. I always wanted my own personal beach baby. I'm so lucky it was you!"