 "Holy shit! Is that thing real?"

I love coming to the beach. Here on the Gulf coast just a few miles from my house, the water was slightly warm, the breeze was usually cool, and the sights were fantastic that delightful Sunday afternoon. Right now I focused on the woman who was approaching me, the one who had spoken. She was a tall, leggy blond with an hourglass figure, most of it on display in a tiny yellow polka dotted bikini. Her silent companion was just a bit shorter, a brunette with a pony tail of hair that swung back and forth down around where her bikini bottom was struggling to hold in a nicely rounded bottom.

"Of course it's real," I replied. "Do you want proof?"

"Damn fuckin' straight I do!" she responded, closing the distance between us rapidly.

Stopping just before bumping into me, the blonde's right hand shot out to my crotch, grasping my outlined cock. That was the nice thing about Lycra swim trunks: they showed off the ware quite nicely. Of course the downside was that if she got me hard, those small trunks would not be able to contain Eddie Junior.

"Damn, Carol, feel of this thing. It's for real and it's not even hard yet."

The brunette put her left hand just under the blonde's hand, brushing my scrotum and settling part way around the base of my shaft, which was beginning to grow.

"Um, that's ... wow! That's big! Maybe the biggest I've ever seen," the brunette murmured.

By then I had grown to my full length and the head of my cock was poking out from under the waistband of my trunks. The blond spotted it and squealed, "Look at that, look at that, look at that!" But by then the palm of her hand had slid up to touch the bare protruder. Her fingers slipped into my trunks and tried to encircle my shaft but they couldn't go all the way around.

I slid an arm around each of the women and snaked my fingers into the top of their respective bikini bottoms, grabbing a handful of soft round ass and pulling them tightly to my body so no one else could see what they were doing.

"Ladies, don't you think we should take this somewhere more private?" I asked.

The brunette giggled and glanced at the blond, who gave a big nod. "Let's go to our place," she said. "We're at the Seaside Motel right over yonder."

She pointed to one of the many hotels built along the coast road. It couldn't have been more than a hundred yards away. The girls got most of EJ stuffed back in my trunks and, with one of them hugged to each hip, we trudged through the sand to the motel.

"What are your names?" I asked.

The blond said, "I'm Kim and she's Carol."

"Nice to meet you two. I'm Eddie," I replied.

We ducked under the outside shower to knock of most of the sand before we went inside. They had a second floor, beachside room with a single kingsized bed. It was only a matter of seconds before the three of us were naked.

The girls both exclaimed over the size of EJ. I knew I was fortunate enough to be well-endowed beyond the average guy and, with a little subtle advertising, had been lucky enough to enjoy the fruits of quite a number of ladies, which gave me confidence that I could service these two and leave them satisfied, perhaps still wanting more.

Kim and Carol, like many other women I'd been with, were intrigued by the size of my dong and first wanted to spend time examining it, feeling it, making themselves believe that they could handle it. I settled on the bed and let them have all the time they wanted, since my hands were busy exploring their supple, well-endowed bodies.

When Kim finally lowered her mouth around the mushroom head and began to stroke her lips up and down on just the end of my shaft, I grabbed Carol by the hips and pulled her over my face, spreading her legs so I could bury my face in her twat. She needed no encouragement to begin rocking back and forth, making sure that my tongue found her sensitive little bud every few seconds.

I had Carol squirming long before Kim made a real impact on my cock so it didn't surprise me when she pulled my prong out of her mouth. I couldn't see what she was doing, since my eyes were full of dripping pink cunt but the shaking of the bed and subsequent warmth that settled around my dong let me know that Kim had straddled me and was lowering herself, very slowly, onto my flagpole. 

Kim was extremely cautious, which is not unusual, but inevitably I felt her vagina walls ease back and she took more and more of my shaft until I was completely buried inside her. I think that surprised her somewhat, judging from her huffing and puffing, intermixed with little squeals of delight. I'm certain that the tip of my prick was invading some virgin territory, judging from her reaction. She was grunting like a stuck pig while she repeatedly lifted herself and dropped back down onto my crotch, driving my log as deep as possible into her core.

Meanwhile I wet a finger in Carol's wet snatch and began to work it in and out of her anus, while I continued licking and sucking on her sweet pussy. Moments later, she tossed her head back and screamed, at the same time flooding my mouth with fresh pussy juices. I thought she had peed on me but it was too sweet and too slick to be urine so I knew she had cum. She collapsed on top of me while Kim kept bouncing on my love stick.

Just as I felt Kim's pussy begin to pulse around my cock with the onset of her climax, Carol shifted around on the bed and plopped herself down on top of me again. I thought she was trying to smother me – until I realized that she had positioned her tit right above my mouth. I opened up and sucked in her distended nipple and her cleavage gave me just enough space to draw in fresh air.

That must have lasted a good ... twenty seconds! That's how long it took for Kim to come down from her orgasm and fall in a heap on the two of us, pressing Carol down so that my air passage disappeared. Still sucking Carol's tit, I worked my hand between me and the girls until I could again breathe.

After a bit, Carol had recovered enough that she pulled away from me and said, "It's my turn, sugar. Are you going to take the top?"

"Sure. What position?"

"Doggy, so I don't have to turn over."

I laughed but got behind her, spread her legs and pulled her ass into the air. Guiding my arrow into her target, I slowly pressed forward, giving her time to get adjusted to the size. Every so often, she rolled her hips from side to side, as if to help her pussy expand to take my intruder. After a few minutes, I pulled her shapely ass into the concave area of my crotch, mashing our two forms into one. 

I flexed my shaft inside her and heard Carol respond with a, "Mmm, yessss!"

I began to fuck her, slowly at first but with harder and faster and deeper strokes as the minutes ticked past. The harder I went, the harder she wanted it, urging me to pound her pussy. Kim turned around and scooted under Carol, where she began to fondle my balls and lick on Carol's clit while Carol buried her face in Kim's steamy cunt. It became a race to see who was going to cum first.

Fortunately Carol won, her pulsing pussy grasping my shaft in a tight loving hug, and I felt her whole body begin to shake. Seconds later, my balls gave up their first load of the day. It felt magnificent to cum in the hot, slick pussy of this woman I had just met.

It was my turn to collapse. The women gave me room to lay between them and for a while we lay in a tight group. Both of them used a hand to stroke my flaccid member until it was again erect and ready for more fun. After some minutes, Carol climbed on top of me and gingerly lowered herself until I was completely engulfed in her steamy nest. I was just beginning to luxuriate in the feelings along my lusty snake with my eyes closed when the bed shook as a result of Kim moving.

The first sensation that struck me was one of heat. The next was the powerful fragrance of an aroused woman, the smell of her sex. Those thoughts floated through my brain in micro-seconds and were overwhelmed with the sensation of Kim's sloppy pussy settling over my face. Although not the first time for me to taste my own sperm and not something I really enjoyed doing, it was either that or be smothered by the slick folds of her vagina. I didn't really mind so I set to work eating out her pussy.

I could hear the girls giggling intermittently and wondered what they were doing in between times – were they kissing or otherwise fondling each other while using my cock and tongue to satisfy their needs? It didn't matter. I was getting all I could handle and knew from their occasional comments that they were liking the whole scenario anyway. I settled in to let Carol control our fucking while my hands held Kim's buttocks apart so my face could work freely along the treasures in her crevice.

It was a magnificent occasion when we all came. We didn't cum at the same time – it was more like three dominoes falling: bang, pause, bang, pause, bang! First was Carol, then Kim, then me. By then we were all pretty well sated for a while. I must admit that I did enjoy having two curvy young women laying on top of me and letting my hands rove over their smooth skinned bodies while we recovered.

I spent a few minutes kissing the two women and nipping at their well-bronzed tits but it was just post-coital fun. I got up and rummaged around in the clutter of the room, looking for my trunks. I hadn't been too careful where they landed when I stripped them off but finally found them amid a pile of the girls' dirty clothes. With only a week's vacation time to spend at the beach, they had not been spending any time keeping their room clean.

Again I stepped under the outdoor shower to wash the perspiration – and the smell of sex – from my body. Back on the beach a few minutes later, I stopped at an open-air thatched roof bar to get a drink of something cool. While slowly sipping the drink, I reclined back in the chair and enjoyed the breeze that kept the atmosphere from being insufferably hot.

Eventually, a few minutes into the new evening, I decided to continue my journey, head back home, clean up and go out for the dinner, then see what happened. I still had a mile or so to go down the beach to reach the street that led back to my house.

I was walking along perusing the myriad views of feminine pulchritude. I loved watching the nearly naked breasts swinging back and forth as the women walked along the sand and just as much I loved watching the smooth round bottoms swinging up and down and side to side. Oh, man, I love those sights!

Although the beach was not nearly as heavily populated that day as on some days, I heard several comments about me as I walked, everything from, "Would you look at that obscene thing?" from a prudish-looking older woman to obvious giggles from some younger ones just passing by. Some women just stared as I walked, while others gave me a come hither smile or a nod.

Just as I turned back from watching a trio of young shapely women bouncing into the nearby surf, I spotted another woman coming in my direction. She was still quite a ways up the beach but she seemed as intent on watching me as I was watching her. She was a little older than most of the young women on the beach – I would guess she was in her mid-thirties. However she was well built with even more pronounced curves than most of the women. 

Her bikini was little more than a few strings that were hard pressed to cover her nipples, let alone the heavy globes of her breasts. As I got closer, I could see the crotch of her suit actually disappeared into the crevice between her legs. EJ began growing in anticipation and appreciation of her assets.

Still several yards apart, she stared at my crotch and let out a piercing whistle. I grinned and said, "Same to you, lady."

She stopped just in front of me and put her hands on her hips. "Is that for real or is that where you carry your socks?"

I laughed. "It's as real as those statues you're carrying on your chest."

It was her turn to laugh and I loved the way her big tits jiggled. There definitely was nothing fake about them.

"So ... what is the chance that ... I could get to check that thing out?" she asked, nodding her head at the outline of my cock, which was still just barely contained in my trunks as it lay diagonally across my abdomen.

"Well ... I was just thinking about going out to dinner somewhere ... but ... " I hesitated.

"I'll bet you don't often find someone who can deep-throat you, do you? I'll make you a bet. I'll bet you I can take every bit of what you've got down my throat and suck those balls dry."

"Oh? Okay, that sounds like a good bet. What are we betting for?"

"Well ... if I do it, you have to stay and screw me every way I want to until I'm completely satisfied. If I don't, you can do whatever you want to with me."

"Hm ... somehow that sounds like a win-win situation. Turn around, please."

She looked puzzled but did a slow pirouette as I checked out her bottom. It was just as magnificent as I thought it was and it was almost totally on display, since the two strings of her bikini bottom came together just above her anus and disappeared between the two halves of her butt. She was big and round with no dimples and my hands itched to hold her hips while EJ slammed into her from behind.

Okay, it's a bet. Where?" I asked.

"Tell you what. Let's go to my place – I've got a suite in the Hilton," as she pointed loosely across the highway to the towering hotel not far away. "We can have a little fun, order up some room service, and then see what happens."

"Great." I took her hand and we headed back the way she had come.

In just a few steps, she put her arm around my waist so I followed suit and we walked with our sides pressed together.

She said, "My name's Taylor."

"Hi, Taylor. I'm Eddie."

She smiled, showing a double row of ivory white teeth. "Where are you from, Eddie?"

"I live here in town. How about you?"

"I'm from a town in Kentucky called Somerset. It's not a real big place but it's a nice town."

"Are you here on vacation?"

"Actually ... no! I'm here to ... well, to try to reconstruct my life, I guess. My divorce became final last week so I've got to figure out what to do now."

"Oh? Sorry about that."

"No, don't be sorry. He ... he decided he was gay. I mean, for all practical purposes, the marriage ended six years ago. We've lived in the same house but it could have just been rooms in a hotel for all the ... love ... that was there."

"Wow! He must be one strange character. Sorry. I just don't understand that sort of thing."

By then we had walked through the fine spray mist in the hotel's courtyard, wrapped big white bath towels from a nearby table around us, and strode into the back entrance of the lobby. Taylor steered me to the left, toward a bank of elevators and we took the first one up to the eleventh floor.

I wondered how we were going to get in because she wasn't carrying a purse and there didn't seem to be anyplace in her bathing suit to carry a key. I hadn't notice that, among several twisted strands of gold necklaces, there was an old fashioned metal key hanging from one of them. She bent over and inserted the key, letting us into a spacious two-room suite.

Closing the door behind me, she shoved me against the entrance wall and slid a hand down the front of my trunks until she had her fingers wrapped around my semi-erect cock. I was slightly surprised at her no-nonsense approach but not turned off. With a little flick of my wrists, her bikini top was covering nothing but a bit of the floor and my hands filled with her wonderful feeling globes. She had a little more than a handful on each side but that's the way I liked it. As my trunks slid to the floor, I bent down to kiss her upturned, blissful looking face.

Before we broke the kiss, I had untied the little bows that held her bottom up and it was curled in a little wad on the floor. Taylor pushed me toward the bed and she climbed up after me, turning herself at a diagonal to my body. Propping herself on one arm between my legs, she went right to work on my cock.

Her mouth felt warm and velvety smooth on my mushroom head and I savored the sensations coming from both her mouth and the hand she used to stroke my balls. I was so engrossed in the sensations caused by Taylor's bobbing mouth that I was a bit surprised to realized that she had her nose buried in my pubic hair with her lips locked around the root of my tool, sucking for all she was worth.

I figure I lasted maybe three minutes before my balls blasted my load of cum down her throat directly into her tummy. Taylor had pulled off several times to gulp air but always plunged right back down onto my pole and, once I started cumming, she stayed with it buried in her throat until the last drop had trickled out and a couple of late convulsions produced nothing.

After I had a few moments to regain my senses, I pulled Taylor's bottom over my face, spread her legs, and dove into her wet core ... well, actually more like guided her down to meet my tongue, but the net result was the same. I was greeted with a hot, steamy, already-slick-with-her-own-juices welcome. I began a tongue search for all of the sweet/sour tastes I could find.

I really love the taste of most pussies; some say it is an acquired taste but, if so, I have certainly acquired that taste. Besides Taylor had obviously daubed a touch of her soft perfume between her legs and the fragrance was a mixture of hot sex and soft flowers that seemed to set the lust burning in my brain. The more I tried to devour her, the more I wanted to eat her up! It only took a few minutes to push her to the brink of orgasm and then give her a nudge over the final hurdle. She rewarded me with a fresh flood of her tangy pussy nectar, which I set about ingesting as quickly as I could.

After she had recovered a bit, I lengthened my tongue's strokes enough to cross her perineum and cruise through her anal valley. The first time my tongue stroked her anus, she mumbled, "Uh ... are you ... sure you want ... to go there?"

"Do you mind?"

"Well ... no, I don't mind."

"Then I want to go there."

"Okay."

She settled down and let me continue, although I soon felt the tension building in her body. Then when I made a concentrated effort to drive my curled tongue into her anal opening, she pushed back at me, stiffened perceptibly, and started shaking uncontrollably. I felt her pussy juices roll down my chin and neck. I moved back to her pussy to clean her up a bit and then we lay together, my hands stroking her butt and back while she savored her orgasm and her twitching fingers frequently nudged my balls.

When she had recovered a bit, Taylor spun around and lay back beside me. Putting a hand behind each knee, she pulled her legs up until her knees brushed against her tits.

"Can you think of anything else to try, sugar?" she asked, a devilishly lustful grin on her face.

I rolled up onto my knees and guided my still-erect dong to her open vagina, slowly pushing it into her until we were pressed together. With about half of my length inside her, she had closed her eyes and began to hum softly. I bent forward until our lips joined in a wet, seeking kiss, letting my shoulders on her lower legs hold her in the doubled up position.

I started to fuck her slowly: innn ... ouuut ... innn ... ouuut ... oh, hell, I couldn't hold that pace. Her hot squeezing channel teased me into speeding up. Taylor's mouth kept pace with my thrusts, emitting little "Oh ... Oh ... OH!" sounds that, along with her feet locked behind my waist, drove me harder and harder into her until we both were at a frenzy. At almost the same time, we both peaked. Her clamped legs worked against my attempts to keep screwing her until her orgasm was finished so my efforts subsided until I was just holding her tightly while my balls emptied their load of hot sperm into her tunnel.
