 My daughter Amy had been pestering me to go to the beach with her. Why a twenty year old woman wanted her mom at the beach puzzled me. It was going to be a 'girls' thing except Amy was bringing along her newest boyfriend, Jeff. I had my doubt this was going to be much fun, but we set out one early Saturday morning.

The beach Amy had picked out was secluded. I think it was once a nude beach until the authorities cracked down. You had to walk nearly a half an hour to get to where we were going. I was nearly spent by the time we found this place. 

Amy had on a skimpy bikini which showed off way too much skin, as far as I was concerned, but she rarely listened to me. Jeff, on the other hand, had on the tightest trunks imaginable. I didn't like to stare, but you could see his cock bulging through the material.

I know I am a woman in her forties, but I kept looking at Jeff off and on. I think he even caught me once or twice because he would smile at me. Me, I had my normal one piece outfit on. I still was in decent shape, but I didn't think a bikini was right with two young people tagging along.

We got all our things layed out, towels, bags and such and we started to sun our bodies. Amy and Jeff briefly went into the water, but for the most part we were there to soak up the suns rays.

I don't know what got into my daughter, but she said she left a bag that had various lotions back at the car. I told her it was nearly an hour to and from where the vehicle was, but she wouldn't hear of it. Off she went leaving me alone with Jeff.

I sat up and watched my daughter walking down the beach. Jeff was standing up just a few feet away from me. His cock was practically in my face. I just had to look. Jeff looked down at me. I knew he was staring at my body. I should have felt good about it, but I was feeling a bit horny with a young man standing so close to me.

"You look awfully good Mrs. Parker," Jeff told me.

Jeff stepped closer to where I was. God, his cock was just a foot from my face. Then he did the unexpected. Jeff pulled his trunks down to the sand. I was looking at a long tanned cock capped with a large mushroom head.

My mouth must have dropped open. There was Jeff now so close I could see the veins on his now semi-hard cock. What can I say? I wanted to taste him so bad. I knew it was wrong to have those thoughts. Jeff's prick was dangling there before me and I reached out for it. I brought it to my lips and I inhaled that young cock.

Jeff immediately place a hand on the back of my head. He was pushing that thick meat way down my throat. I can tell you I never sucked anything that large before. My husband was nowhere near as big as Jeff was. I was gagging on that big salami as Jeff pumped as deep as he could into my mouth.

I reached out and took his balls sacs in one of my hands. Jeff really begin to moan then.

"Suck on it Mrs. Parker, you know you want it."

I did want it I was ashamed to say. My hubby and I didn't make love much these days. The shine had faded on our marriage. Here was a young guy who wanted this middle aged woman. I wanted his cock really bad right then.

Jeff must have sensed he was close to cumming. He pulled out and told he to take off my swim suit. If I did that I knew I was going to regret something in the future. I stood up and peeled my one piece off my body. Jeff had me lie back down and he got over top of me. 

I watched that thick cock swaying between his legs. He knelt down and spread my thighs apart. Jeff took his cock and guided it to my opening. He didn't waste any time and he pushed that monster into my pussy.

I think I let out a scream. He was enormous and I was so tight down there. It didn't matter to him. Time was short and he began to feed me his thick erection. It felt like someone had shoved a pole up my belly. I guess in reality someone did, Jeff. He was going deep, nearly pulling his cock out and then sliding it in all the way. 

He was buried inside me and I didn't want him to ever pull out. Jeff just kept thrusting into my drenched pussy. I placed my legs around his back and he took me like some old slut. I loved the feel of his low hanging sacs hitting my bottom. My pussy was going into spasms.

I guess Jeff was having a hard time holding out from all the excitement of fucking me. I heard him grunt and then he blasted me with his sticky load. It felt like someone turned a firehose on inside my belly. Jeff must have cum for a good five minutes. 

When he pulled out there was all this white seed dripping from me. I eventually had to go down to the water and I emptied out as much cum as I could into the sea. My legs were shaking when I got back to Jeff. Jeff and I got dressed once more. Jeff got down and we kissed a bit. Jeff told me he wanted to do me again and again.

I just nodded yes like an old fool. My daughter finally got back, but I just wasn't into sunning myself much more. Neither was Jeff. We didn't stay much longer. As we walked back to the car I could still feel some of Jeff's cum swimming around inside me. My pussy also felt like it had been stretched out.

It was a quiet ride back home. Amy was the only one who seemed to want to talk. I was too deep in my thoughts to say much. We made it home and before Jeff left to go his house he slipped me his cellphone number. Thankfully, Amy didn't see him do it. 

Now I am sitting alone at home at the moment. If I call my daughter's boyfriend I will be heading down a road where I don't know where it will all end. I do know my pussy is aching to have Jeff's cock deep in me once again. I can almost taste that thick cock in my mouth as well. I am pretty sure I will be calling him soon.