 I'd been at the beach with some friends. We all travelled separately as that way we didn't need to depend on someone else for a lift there and back or risk getting stranded. For some reason I was just a trifle edgy. Nothing I could put my finger on as to the cause, but still I was on edge. Seeing I wasn't going to be much in the way of company I decided to cut out early. I let a few of my friends know, just telling them I was going as I felt a headache coming on. 

With that I headed back to the car park. I was feeling too irritable to get changed and I saw nothing wrong in driving home in my bikini. I might change my mind about that if I had an accident but that was unlikely. 

Not wanting to face the wolves who hunt in packs along the beach I nipped through the bushes at the back of the beach and took the back path. I just strolled along minding my own business.

About halfway to the car park the track widened out into a little glade. At some stage there'd been a fire there and the dead trees and bushes had been removed with some new ones planted, with the new bushes not really having taken firm root yet. The rye grass had, though, giving the little glade quite a lush look. 

Standing in the glade was this man, and he was drying himself off. He had a beach bag next to him, presumably containing his clothes and things. Right now he just had on a pair of bathing shorts.

Normally I'd just have breezed right on past but this man sort of made an impression. For a start, he was black. I don't mean heavily tanned, or brown, or dark brown. I mean so black that he might have been dipped in tar. I couldn't believe a man could be so black. Subsequently I learned that he was melanosis. This I found is the opposite of albino. 

My second impression was size. He was well over six foot tall and solidly built to go with it. I'd hate to have to feed him. He probably ate a cow a day just to keep going. I mean, he was huge.

Now his being black didn't bother me. His being of a largish size didn't bother me. What did bother me was that as I approached he casually dropped his shorts and stuffed them and his towel into his bag. I assume that this was preparatory to getting properly dressed.

I promptly came to a halt. There was no way I was moving towards a man who was suddenly naked. Trouble was I'd have to walk up to him and past him to get to the car park. I was sort of stuck as I didn't want to look like a wuss by turning around and running in the opposite direction.

I finished up glaring him and giving voice.

"Do you mind? They're ladies present."

"Really? Where?" he asked, all innocence.

"For a start, me," I snapped. 

"Yes, well if you were a lady that would still only be one. Where are the others?"

"You know what I mean and what do you mean, if I were a lady?" I was quite indignant. He was just plain insulting.

"I was just questioning your status as a lady as I don't think a lady would be staring where you're staring."

I hastily directed my eyes from where they'd inadvertently wandered, looking above his head.

"I was not looking at anything in particular," I said in an icy voice. "I would appreciate it if you'd cover yourself up."

I would probably have said more or stalked grandly past him, nose in the air, but a sense of movement caught my eye. If you see something moving your eye just naturally focuses on it, wanting to know what it is. In this case it was a certain male appendage stretching itself and starting to stand up.

"You stop that," I said with a bit of a yelp. "You're deliberately doing that to embarrass me?"

"What on earth are you talking about?" he chided me. "It's just a normal male reaction to the presence of a pretty girl who's interested in him."

"The hell it is. I am not interested in you. You make it go down."

"What is your problem? Haven't you ever seen an erection before?"

"Nothing that size without scaffolding attached," I snapped back at him.

Not only was he a big man but everything about him was built to the same scale. The man should be arrested for carrying a concealed weapon. Not that it was concealed right now.

"Now that you've had a chance to inspect the goodies why don't you come over here and try them out?"

I have to admit that that comment gave me a little bit of a shock. I bridled instantly. How dare he suggest something like that? What did he think I was?

I opened my mouth to have a go at him but he held up a hand in a stop motion, speaking quickly.

"No," he said. "Don't say it. I'll take all that as said and now we can move on."

"What? You have no idea what I was about to say."

"Yes, I do. How dare I? What do I think you are? Are you mad? Not in a million years, or maybe not if you were the last man on earth. I then point out that I wasn't meaning to insult you. Wanting to have sex with a woman is just a way of flattering her, etcetera."

He paused, smiling at me, and I have to admit he had a nice smile.

"From that point you'd say the offer wasn't flattering and I'd compliment you and explain why it was and you'd get flustered and we'd go back and forth for several minutes. In the end you'd let me take you because you're wondering what it would be like. So how about we skip all the chat and just move on to the end game."

I suddenly found that I was standing right next to him and for the life of me I couldn't tell if I'd moved closer to him or if he'd moved up next to me. What I could tell was that his hands were on my hips and he was running them in a downwards direction. Without so much as a 'may I' he was pushing my bikini bottom down and once off my bottom they just tended to slide down my legs.

I opened my mouth to protest and gasped instead as his hands were at my waist and lifting me. (It seemed to me I was opening my mouth a lot but not saying much.) Picking me up he pulled me firmly against him, lifting me higher. I could feel my breasts rubbing against his chest and the bikini top didn't seem to be much protection. I could also feel his cock pressed firmly against my tummy, feeling it drag against me as he lifted. He lifted me higher and it was dragging across my mons and then its length was pressing against my legs.

To be a little more accurate its length was pressing into the space between my legs, pressing against my inner thighs. I was suddenly very much aware of just what it was close to.

"Wrap your legs around my waist," he told me and I immediately demanded to know why.

"Because I'm about to let you go and if you're not handing on properly you'll just sink straight down onto my cock. Of course, if that's what you want. . ."

I promptly wrapped my legs around his waist, my arms around his neck, trying to hold myself up and away from him. It was a good thing that I did because he did let go, leaving me clinging to him. His hand brushed up my back, finding the ties to my top and undoing them. He pulled the top out from between us and I could feel it rubbing against my nipples as he did so. Now my breasts were pressing directly against the wall of his chest.

"Put me down," I hissed at him and he laughed.

"Look, Ma, no hands," he said holding his arms away from his sides. "Why don't you relax and just slide back down to the ground?"

"If I do that I'll slide onto that fucking cock of yours," I pointed out.

"True, but you'll be controlling the slide."

I'd already slipped down a little since he'd let go and I could now feel his erection pressing against me. If I pushed hard against him with my hands I'd probably be able to get clear. I'd land on my bottom but I wouldn't be sliding down that shaft of his. I gave a small groan and let myself sink just a tiny bit more.

That tiny bit was all that was needed. His cock was no longer pressing against me but pushing into me. He wasn't doing anything to actually help it along, just standing there and letting me do everything. Having no real choice I relaxed another tiny bit. Bit by bit I found myself being shafted by that great cock. Bit by bit I found my passage quite happy to stretch and take him. He just kept going deeper, filling me, then insisting that there was more to come and would I please make room. I was just about at screaming point when I finally found myself firmly settled, impaled by his erection, still not certain what the hell had got into me. Apart from his cock, that was.

Now I didn't know what to do. How does one have sex when he's standing up and you're wrapped around him? Maybe if I was a gymnast I could do something but damned if I knew what. Fortunately he didn't have any problems about how to proceed. He sank down to his knees and then, one hand on my back holding me in place, he leaned forward until I was flat on my back with him lying on me. Not totally lying on me, more leaning over me, cock still firmly in place.

With me lying down like that I found that he had perfect freedom of movement. He went sliding back out of me, only to return with much haste and a startled scream from me. I was quite shocked to feel his cock come roaring in like that. Even though I'd adjusted to its size there was still a lot of it. He just grinned at me, teeth gleaming white in a pitch black face. If I let my imagination run wild I'd think I was being taken by a fiend.

That first firm thrust was quickly followed by another, and then another. I didn't scream for subsequent thrusts but I was gasping as they came thundering in. Slowly but surely he was picking up the pace, driving relentlessly into me. I suppose I couldn't really complain. I was humping my hips and driving up to meet him just as fiercely as he was taking me.

In a saner moment I wouldn't credit what I was doing. Screwing this man on a public beach where people could easily pass by? A man I'd never met before? I must have been insane. Whatever else I was, I was also incredibly hot and horny.

I bucked under him, taking him deep, relishing the feel of him driving into me. He was the master but I knew that in the long run I'd be the winner. I would drain away his energy and his strength and take pleasure in the doing thereof.

He'd finally settled down to a steady rhythm, our pulses beating in time to the thrusting of his body. Heat was flowing freely through my veins, pleasure coursing along with it.

Towards the end there I was in two minds, not wanting it to end but desperately craving that final thrust and climax. I was urging him on, wanting more of what he was giving me, delighting in the feel of him. When he picked up the pace one last time I couldn't help but groan with satisfaction, a groan that morphed into a soft scream as my climax swept through me.

I was left supine, not wanting to move, noticing that he wasn't going anywhere in a hurry. All of a sudden, I was. I could hear voices approaching. I had my bikini on in nothing flat, snatching up my bag and running to my car.

I drove home relieved to be away from there. Arriving home I grabbed my bag and went to go inside when I paused and looked at the bag. I stopped to consider what I had stuffed in my bag. Just my dress, undies and a towel. I'd left my purse and phone in my car and my car key had been pinned to my bikini. I shrugged. He was welcome to them, although I did wonder what he was going to wear home seeing I had all his stuff, although I would have to make sure I returned his bag. After all, I also had his wallet and phone. And car keys, I noticed.