 My car moves slowly down the winding road, the overhanging ficus trees looming overhead. This is the Beach road, the one I have used for years, the one I have bicycled, ran, and driven down many, many times over the last decade. It looks different at night; the intermittent streetlights cast a yellow pall that is mostly blocked by the thick leaves of the trees. My headlights illuminate the pavement ahead, and I see the sign, "Public Beach Access." My heart leaps with anticipation and nervous excitement as I guide the car past the sign into the parking lot. All at once, I see it; your car parked dark and quiet on the far side of the lot. My chest heaves a sigh of relief as I pull around to it. I slowly guide my car into the space next to it, and I put the gearshift to park, and shut off the engine. I take one second to gaze into the front seat of the car, and I see that you're not in it. 

I open my door, and step out onto the hard pavement of the parking lot. The warm, ocean air hits my nostrils immediately; that smell I love, the salty, heavy scent that tells me my friend, the great sea, is near. The smell reminds me of the countless thoughts, plans, hopes and dreams I have contemplated over the years as I sat by her side, my eyes gazing into her great blue vastness, losing myself in the endless ripples and variations of her surface. It was now I realized that through all of the changes I had gone through, she had stayed the same; always constant, always the best listener, never offering advice or rendering judgment, just being there with her relaxing sounds, and her total passive objectivity. It was why I chose her to oversee my encounter with you, the object of my desires.

I open the back door, reach in, and pull the backpack from the floor. Next to it is a small, weathered case containing my mandolin; I grab it, too. I sling the pack over one shoulder and, taking the mandolin in one hand, start to make my way toward the wooden pavilion. There are no lights here, but my eyes quickly adjust to the darkness. There is a full moon tonight, and as my eyes acclimate, I realize that I can see quite well in the openness. I strain my eyes, but I cannot see you under the shade of the pavilion. 

"You there?" I call out, in a rough whisper.

I bend my head, straining to hear a response over the constant roar of the night surf.

"Yes. I'm here!"

Your words make my heart jump, and my eyes focus on your silhouette sitting on one of the picnic benches. I immediately move toward you, setting the mandolin case and the pack gently on the table. We fall into each other's arms, and I feel our bodies shaking almost imperceptibly, trembling slightly at that first contact, the joy welling up inside of me. 

"Oh God, it's so good to see you!" I say in a low voice into your ear.

"Yes, my darling. I waited for you."

I pull back and smile at you, making out your features in the darkness, feeling your warm breath on my face. I gaze at your long, brown hair, the familiar pretty face that I love so much, and those warm, soft lips smiling at me. You're wearing a white button-up blouse, tied in a knot at the center, and a pair of jean shorts, your soft legs uncovered all the way down to your deck sneakers. Immediately, I feel the stirrings of arousal in my loins, the power of our mutual attraction making me flush hot with anticipation. I bend my head to yours, and press my warm lips to yours, the kiss, the moment that I have longed for. I feel your body pressing against mine, and wrap my arms around you, pulling you closer to me. The kiss lingers for a few moments, breaking softly, our moist lips clinging.

"Lets walk." I say.

I take your hand in mine, and pick up the pack with the other, slinging it to my shoulder. Together we walk toward the steps that lead down to the sandy beach. At the last step, we sit and remove our sneakers, placing them into the pack. I stand, take your hand again, and together we move out onto the wide, soft expanse of the beach, our toes sinking in the cool and damp sand with each step. You lose your balance slightly, and lean into me as we walk, both of us laughing as we make our way down to the edge of the sea where the sand is firmer. 

The moon shines brightly, illuminating the features of the beach, allowing us to make out the shapes of debris and clumps of tangled seaweed at various spots, as we walk slowly, aimlessly, simply enjoying the peaceful roar of the waves. The smell of the sea is intoxicating, and we are both in awe of the natural beauty of this place. Small groups of sandpipers dart around our feet as they continue their endless race up and down the beach, barely avoiding the wetness of each receding wave. I see a clear spot on the sand ahead, and I make my way to it, pulling you along behind me. 

I drop the pack to the sand, opening the flapped top. Reaching in, I pull out a folded blanket, which I shake out, handing you one corner. Together, we spread it out fully, the strong ocean breeze catching it and pulling it, and we drop it to the sand. Together, we plop to our knees on the blanket, then down onto our butts, snuggling in close to each other. I reach in to the pack again and withdraw a bottle of wine and two glasses. Opening the bottle, I pour us each a small amount, and together we sip, as we gaze out into the solemn darkness of the sea. I set my glass down in the sand, then turn and open my mandolin case, pulling the instrument from its place. I lightly begin to pick at the strings, and softly begin to sing. You gradually recognize the tune; it's "When You say Nothing at All," by Alison Krauss. You start to sing along with me in a soft, almost undetectable voice. The music that comes from us takes on an almost ethereal quality; the sheer beauty of that song, and this moment here in this paradise, suddenly overwhelm us. Setting my mandolin down in its case, I turn my head to face you. 

"Thank you for coming here with me."

You smile.

"Thank you… It's beautiful here."

There is a short silence between us, and time seems to stand still for a moment, even the ocean, as I bend my head, and kiss your soft lips.

You press back against mine, gently, but firmly.

I can taste the almost imperceptible hint of salt from the air as my tongue lightly traces the inside of your mouth, my passion rising as I feel your breath against my own. I reach up and place my hand on your shoulder, drawing you nearer to me. We lose ourselves in a longing embrace, our minds and bodies melting together as one. I gently rock, letting both of our bodies fall onto the blanket, our hands caressing each other. I raise my upper body over yours so that I am looking down at you, into your eyes. I lower my head, and kiss your eyelids, your cheeks, kisses that become more and more passionate with each passing moment. My hand moves up your body, and gently cups your right breast through the material of your blouse, my fingers finding their way to your hardening nipple. They make slow, gentle circles around it as I kiss the soft skin of your neck. I slowly, and slightly awkwardly, untie the knot in your blouse, your shirt falling open, exposing your breasts to the cool ocean breeze. My hand moves back to your breasts, and the touch of my fingers sends electricity through your entire body. Your nipples are very hard now, and your body is writhing against mine.

My kisses cover your neck, and move slowly down the soft skin of your chest. I move lower and, extending my tongue, lick the very tip of your nipples with it, making circles around the end. I hear you moan softly, and I feel you arch your back toward me. I lower my head, and take the entire nipple into my mouth, starting a persistent sucking, as my tongue darts against it.

My hand reaches down, and unsnaps my jeans; roughly pulls them down over my ass with one hand, my hardening cock crying for release from its confines. I kick them off into the sand, my cock bouncing in the night air, rigid with lust. I unbutton my shirt, opening it, exposing my chest to your wandering hands. My hand then slides down your tummy, unsnapping your tight jean shorts, and opens them. You help me slide them down over your ass and legs. 

We are both naked now, except for your open blouse, and my open shirt. We fall into each other, our bodies meeting in an incredibly passionate embrace, my knees interlocking with your spread legs. I can feel the wetness of your sex against my leg, and I know that you are ready. My hand finds its way to your wetness, my fingers sliding between your pussy lips, probing inside of you, persistently. Your body, at first, stiffens at this intrusion, then begins to move with my hand, as if welcoming it, then begins a wanton writhing. Your moaning increases to a fever pitch as your first orgasm approaches, your body tensing in my arms, legs spread widely, wetness dripping over my fingers. I smile at you as I feel the surge of it, and I kiss you softly, so happy to bring you such joy.

You then get up, and push me back on the blanket. I fall to my back, looking up at you, my hard cock sticking straight up in the night air. You give me a wide, mischievous leer, as your hands touch my turgid hardness. My body jumps at your touch, and you wrap both hands around it, squeezing it gently the head swollen above your fingers "Ohhhh God." I moan.

"Mmm, you like that, don't you?" you say, in a rough, throaty voice.

"Yessss. Please."

You bend your head, and stick your tongue out, touching the tip to the hole of my cock, so gently.

"OOOOHHH!"

The tip of your tongue pushes inside, and starts to move around in a circular motion, as your hands slowly stroke the shaft. My body quivers with lust, and my hips arch toward you. My cock is now a deep purple color, the head swelling even more. You continue this for a while, enjoying my writhing pleasure, then stop. 

You then lower your hands, and gradually take the entire head of my swollen cock into your mouth, closing your lips over it in a tight seal. You begin to suck.

The feeling of pleasure consumes my entire being, as your mouth begins its slow rhythm, up and down, your cheeks caved in with the suction. My hips squirming wildly now, my moans become uncontrollable. "Ohhh God… Stop!"

"I'm going to cum!"

You keep the slow, methodical rhythm, stroking, sucking hard, wanting to please me with your whole being, wanting to be one with me.

I start to cum.

My body shakes with wild abandon.

Your hand finds my swollen balls, and massages them gently, your fingers kneading them gently. You continue sucking hard, your hand stroking my shaft as you feel it start to quiver, and you feel my hard swollen cock start to cum. 

"Oooohhh. My God."

My eyes clenched shut, I feel the intensity build, then one wave of pleasure after another, as my cock starts to empty into your hungry mouth. You continue sucking until well after my last spasm, your tongue working my softening organ, as if trying to wring every ounce of pleasure from it. You then lick it completely clean, up and down the shaft. I get up on my knees, and pull you to me. I pull your head to mine, and kiss you deeply, tasting my own cum in the kiss. 

I then lower your body down to the blanket, onto your back, your eager eyes looking up at me in anticipation. I smile at you, and move down your body, pushing your legs apart. Bending my head, I kiss the skin of your soft legs, caressing it. I can smell your arousal, the strong scent of female passion that brings out the animal lust in me. I lower my head, and kiss the soft lips of your pussy, tasting you. Your body jumps at the initial touch of my tongue, and I can feel your legs quivering. I push my tongue into you deeper, caressing your clitoris with it, enjoying the scent, breathing it in. 

Much to my amazement, I feel my cock starting to harden again. Your legs soon begin to tremble, and I know that this is another fast-approaching orgasm. This arouses me even more, knowing that I am bringing you so much pleasure. I hold your ass and thighs tightly, as the waves of ecstasy wash over you, my mouth clamped over your pussy. I continue to lick and suck your wetness until you stop shaking, and your body relaxes. 

Feeling my cock hardening again, I slide up your body, kissing you. I raise my upper body up on my arms, and slide my hard cock into you, slowly, your pussy inviting me in, the muscles contracting, and pulling.

"Ohhhh GOD!" you moan.

"Urrrrgg!"

I start my rhythm, my hips moving, my hard cock sliding in and out of your wet pussy. I look down into your eyes, smiling, loving this moment of communion, our bodies locked together in animal passion. The warm ocean breeze blows through your hair, and I think, at that moment, that you are the most beautiful creature on earth. My hips pound against you, moving your whole body with each thrust, my passion and lust building more and more. Your moans grow even louder, as my hard cock brings you closer and closer to yet another release.

"Ohh God, I'm cumming!" you moan.

At the same time, I feel my orgasm building, growing closer with each long, deep thrust.

"OOOOHHH God!" I moan, as the familiar intensity of orgasm washes over me, and my cock surges with release. Our bodies move together, lost in absolute pleasure. I hold you close, as I pump into you, my lips locked to yours. As the feeling subsides, I roll off of you, and we both gaze at the stars, lost in the silence of utter relaxation. 

"There are so many stars," you say, in a soft voice.

"Yes. They are the only witnesses to our beach encounter."

You smile at me, and I return it with, "I love you."

Together we get dressed, and, arm in arm, walk back toward the pavilion, the sky turning the rose red of dawn.