 I awoke from my brief nap on the beach, lightly perspiring due to the increasing heat of the sunny day. Since it was a nice day, there were many people scattered across the shore. To cool off, I walked to the water and dove into the choppy waves. It felt refreshing as the water crested upon my head as I continued swimming toward the large expanse of the sea. I wasn't worried of getting into deep water because it would be a long way before I wouldn't be able to easily stand on the bottom of the sea. I ignored the few people swimming near me until I saw a woman just ahead of me. She appeared to be alone, which was surprising because of her radiant beauty. I naturally drew closer to her, almost without realizing the increasing deviation from my path. She eventually came to notice me and warmly smiled. 

"Hello," she said with chipper tone. "So have you come to keep me company? There don't seem to be too many people venturing out this far, even though the water isn't very deep." 

"Yeah, I kind of like it like that. Not too many people to get in the way." 

"I know what you mean. I really love how freeing swimming is. I hate it when anything gets between me and the water." she said as she smirked. 

I quickly found that she meant that quite literally. She refused to let anything separate her from the ocean, including a swimsuit. I was surprised I hadn't noticed her floating breasts in the water previously. They weren't exactly subtle. Her breasts were ideal in size: not too big, not too small. Her erect nipples jutted out from them as they gently bobbed up and down in the current. I must have been staring, because I was disrupted from my trancelike state by her laugh.

"Haha, I see you like my boobs!"

I blushed at her bluntness and struggled to find a good response.

"Um, yeah. Sorry." was all I could muster. Her gaze almost petrifying me. "Do you want me to leave you?"

She laughed again before responding, "No, I do like company sometimes, especially if they appreciate the freedom of the ocean like I do, and it seems like some parts of you really would appreciate freedom, wouldn't they?" she chuckled, glancing down at the nearly full erection in my swimsuit. 

I hadn't really had time to fully process the recent events, so it came as a shock that I had almost a full erection growing in my swimsuit. I was again at a loss for words, but she spoke again before I managed a response. 

"Here," she said while moving closer, "let me be your liberator."

She reached down and began gently tugging at the swimsuit. My penis bent in the direction of her tugging until she finally tugged once more, allowing my now rock hard cock to spring back up and point its enlarged head directly at her. 

"Wow...you're big!" she murmured wistfully as her eyes remained glued to my cock in the water below. 

She began to reach out, almost absentmindedly, but stopped herself before making contact. My heart raced as her hand was inches away from what I knew would be immense pleasure. I wanted to beg her to stroke it, but I was nowhere near bold enough to do so. Before I could think of a way to escalate the situation, she spoke up.

"Can I hold it?" 

"Please," I almost moaned. 

It felt like an excruciatingly long time as her hand ventured the few inches between us. She likely could have felt the heat radiating off my cock before she grasped my length as best she could. 

I immediately gasped in pleasure, each of her five fingers filling me with a sudden euphoria. Her hand barely could reach all the way around my shaft. Even though she hadn't started moving yet, he hand felt incredible. 

She started stroking me slowly but eagerly. At this point, my mouth was agape and all I could think of was her slender hand grasping me and the pleasure it was bringing me. Overjoyed by my response, she began stroking me faster and faster, becoming increasingly enthusiastic by my corresponding cries of bliss. My mind was blank, yet simultaneously filled with the pleasure she was bringing me and lust I had for her.

I hadn't noticed I had closed my eyes, but they snapped back open as her left hand touched mine and gently pulled it upwards towards her now lightly jiggling breasts barely beneath the clear water. Despite my lust-filled desire to firmly grip her tits, I decided to tease her a little bit.

I carefully dragged my index finger around the outside of her breast, slowly circling my way towards the middle. She bit her lip and tightened her grip on my shaft as I got closer to her nipple. Closing in on my target, her breathing increased in anticipation. Her chest heaved as I finally took her nipple between my fingers, eliciting a sigh of relief and satisfaction. I tugged on her hard nipple for a short while longer before eagerly groping at her milky chest. Our collective moans increasing in pitch, I brought my other hand so that I could lavish each of her boobs with the attention they deserved. She surprised me with how loud she was now groaning while I groped her fantastic tits and tugged at her rock hard nipples. 

I focused again on what her lovely hands were doing to me. Her right hand continued to eagerly pump my cock up and down, but her left hand had ventured down to caress my balls. We looked back up at each other, alternating between grins and gasps. Everything was quickly becoming too much for my overexcited dick. I was sure I was going to come in matter of seconds if she didn't stop, so I regretfully stopped caressing her soft, pillowy breasts and grasped at her wrist in order to stop her. 

After she released my dick and balls, I decided to return the favor and reached between her legs towards her unexplored and bare pussy. I started at her inner thigh, carefully moving upwards towards her heated center. As I got closer, she was almost gasping in anticipation. I slowly started rubbing the outside of her pussy, which elicited a loud moan from her beautiful lips. I made sure not to speed up, only increasing the teasing as I moved closer and closer to her clit. She continued gasping and moaning the closer I got until I finally decided to end her misery and give her the pleasure she so desperately wanted. My fingers jumped to her clit as my other hand pushed inside her molten pussy lips. 

"FUCK!" she screamed in pleasure and almost lost her balance before tightly wrapping her arms around me. She then threw her head back as she continued incoherently grunting while my fingers sped up their assault on her tight pussy. I thrusted a second finger and then a third into her vice-like vagina, prompting whimpers from her head now resting upon my shoulder. I rubbed and thrusted with my fingers even quicker as I chased her orgasm. Within seconds she went completely quiet and rigid. Her already tight pussy got even tighter and gripped my slick fingers to a degree I didn't even think possible. She began convulsing and screaming in intense pleasure as I tried my best to hold her up. Her orgasm lasted over twenty seconds, but it somehow felt much, much longer. She writhed against me and the hand I was using to pleasure her. 

After coming down from her orgasm, I withdrew my hand and set her back down. I expected her to be too exhausted for any further fun, but she surprised me by commanding, "Fuck me. Now!" 

She jumped back up on me and wrapped her arms and legs around me once more, positioning herself above my impossibly hard cock. I reached down and grasped my dick, tilting it up towards her molten core. She looked me in the eyes before passionately kissing me as she closed the distance between our two pleasure centers. The tip of my penis now just barely touched her outer lips, but it was enough for my cock to throb even harder against her heat in anticipation for the coming pleasure. 

Without warning she slammed down all the way to my base. I felt the my head pop inside her and glide all the way inside her tight, velvety pussy, every inch increasing the immense pleasure we were both feeling. We both grunted and moaned loudly as our bodies met. She wasted no time and withdrew her pussy before slamming it back down again, my balls resting against her full ass as she did. She violently fucked me all while screaming because of the insurmountable bliss she was experiencing. She had closed her eyes and was now focused on moving her hips up and down as fast as she possibly could, fully enjoying my hard cock entering and exiting her wet pussy. Her breasts bounced and splashed against the water as she rose and fell on my member. 

"You feel so fucking good inside me," she panted like a wild animal in heat. "I want that big cock all the way inside me so I can cum on it over and over until it shoots its load deep inside me."

My mind was overloaded with all the things happening. Her tight pussy was fucking my cock unlike anything I had ever experienced. Even more, I was in awe of her stunning beauty and incredible tits right in front of me as I stuffed my giant dick as deep as I could inside her. I groaned every time my tip gently brushed against her cervix, the place I knew I would soon release the massive load of cum bubbling in my balls. I noticed the feeling of the cool water rushing back on my cock each time I exited her exquisite confines like a red hot sword being quenched. The temperature difference only highlighted the paradise of warmth between her heavenly thighs. 

We both continued gasping and moaning, her hard nipples rubbing up and down my chest with each thrust into her depths. Her quickened breathing further pushed her pillowy chest towards mine. Her nails began to rake my back as she fucked me relentlessly. Her sweat dripped down her long neck and onto her shoulder before being consumed by the waves. 

All of a sudden she hopped off my dick and turned around, presenting her beautiful ass and soon-to-be filled pussy right in front of me. I eagerly grabbed her waist with one hand and my throbbing length in the other before dragging the head of my dick up and down her pussy lips.

"Fuck, stop teasing me and put it in," she whined. "Fuck me, please. Please put your cock inside me, I need it now!" With that, I stroked up her slit once more and slammed my entire length inside her flaming insides. She released a groan deep from her throat and arched her back and head involuntarily in response to once again being filled completely. 

Every inch of my dick felt unbelievably good inside her. It felt as if it got ten degrees hotter with each inch I drove into her blazing oven. Every time I thrusted back inside her, I knew her soft ridges were bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. Instead of slowing down, I sped up, desperate to release my seed inside her.

She reached back and moved my hands up to cup her perfect breasts once again. I gladly did so and felt her hard nipples as I more roughly squeezed and groped her large mounds. 

"Harder," she panted with great difficulty. The pleasure she was experiencing was so intense she was barely able to speak.

I grunted as I thrusted faster and faster and tugged at her breasts and nipples harder. The fervent friction of our fevered fucking forced me closer and closer to release. I knew she was close too and needed to make her finish. I removed one of my hands from her soft flesh and moved it down to aggressively pleasure her clit. She moaned even louder and I could feel her pussy almost pulsing around me and releasing more of her precious juices to lubricate my hurried thrusts. 

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" she screamed, almost unable to stand the unbelievable bliss I was giving her. 

In a matter of seconds, she went rigid again and opened her mount to scream in pleasure, but it was so intense no sound came out. My dick pulsed harder and harder inside of her as my throbbing and thrusting crescendoed into a frenzy. 

Finally we both came. 

She shuddered as her pussy tightened like a vice on my throbbing cock. She wailed in extreme pleasure while my dick exploded into her velvety insides, filling her more and more with each pulse of my sticky hot cum. Her clamping pussy furiously milked my shaft, refusing to let even one drop of my precious seed leave her soft pussy to drift away in the sea. My cock was thrust as deeply into her as possible as load after load coated her cervix. We both continued to moan and moan throughout, never wanting this intense moment of pure ecstasy to leave us. Her walls gradually eased in their pulsing pressure on my shaft and my spurts of cum got smaller and smaller until both stopped.

We both just stood there, one inside the other, still experiencing a euphoria we never knew existed. I stopped thrusting, my now stagnant dick blocking any of my load from leaving her warm pussy. We were both still breathing heavily, sweat slowly cascading down both our foreheads because of the energy expended during our passionate fucking. 

"Wow," she said, breaking the silence, "that was intense."

"Yeah, wow," was all I could reply.