 We are laying on a huge blanket on the beach. The dunes are behind us and the ocean is in front of us, the waves lapping gently at the shore. The sun starts its slow, peaceful descent over the ocean with the sky's orange hue deepening with each passing moment. A slight breeze blows in from the ocean, caressing our bodies like soft fingertips barely touching our skin. Our basket of food has been mostly consumed, save for the strawberries and champagne as our final course. 

Our faces touch as we look out over the ocean, seeing our memories drifting back over the beautiful, luxurious time we have spent in each other's company. My arm is around your shoulder and my other hand is entwined with yours, our thumbs playfully circling each other. I break contact and reach back for the champagne, drawing it to my mouth and drinking it deep. I pass the bottle to you, as you slowly raise it to your pouty lips. 

I watch you drink, staring at the elegant lines of your throat as you swallow, getting more turned on by the moment. As you pull the bottle away, some of the champagne escapes the bottle and spills over your moistened lips and down the side of your mouth. You giggle as it runs down your chin and slowly down your neck, meandering down your body.

The wonderful taste of the champagne hasn't quenched my thirst for you. I lean down to your body and catch the stream of champagne as it hits your belly button, as I savor the taste of both the bubbly and your skin. A slight gasp escapes your mouth as my tongue starts working up your body, over your rib cage, over the sensual curve of your breast. I see your nipples harden in anticipation. My tongue traces up to your clavicle, and up your neck, as slow as a snail. I kiss your chin and finally our lips lock in a passionate kiss.

Our hands start to wander as our tongues parry in each other's mouth like dancing swords. Your fingernails trace down my chest and play with my nipples. My hand cradles the back of your neck as my other hand gently caresses your face. I trace the outline of your earlobes as our breathing gets deeper and more ragged. My hand unties your bikini top as your hand outlines the growing erection in my shorts. 

I break our kiss as I start peeling your bikini top off. I glance up and see a couple walking along the beach, looking back at us, mesmerized by our growing passion as they slowly walk away. I point them out to you and we both get excited knowing we are in public and anyone passing by could see us. 

"Nothing right now can stop me from RAVISHING you!", I whisper in your ear.

A little squeal of excitement escapes your lips and your mouth breaks into a devilish grin. Our slow caresses turn more urgent as we want to get down to our essence. I pull down your bikini bottoms and feel how damp they are...your excitement fuels mine! You tug my shorts over my cock and take them off, flinging them nearby. 

You quickly flip around, your hand grasping my engorged penis by the base and suck the head between your succulent lips. I pull your hips to me so I can devour your sweet pussy. We are laying on our sides, pleasuring each other, as the rays of the sun highlight our beautiful bodies. Our shadows make a second set of frantic lovers in the throes of passion. 

My hands squeeze your ass cheeks as my lips pull your swollen clit into my mouth. My tongue circles your tiny bud as I feel your legs quivering, wrapping around my head. You moan as you slide the length of my shaft down your throat, your lips tickling my balls, I feel your hard nipples rub against my stomach as you massage my sack. You grasp my cock at the base as your tongue slowly licks up the head, circling its most sensitive part. I feel my cock twitching in pleasure. Your mouth swallows my shaft and rises again. I hear a 'pop' when your lips release me, feeling the cool breeze right after being in your warm, inviting mouth. 

My fingers spread your swollen lips as I inhale your aroma, your essence. I am getting drunk on your scent. I plunge my tongue as far as it will go into your inviting pussy. I slide two fingers in, feeling your muscles clench them so tight, they don't want to let go. I find your G-spot and start playing "come hither" with my fingertips, gently massaging you. I gently hum on your clit and the added sensation is too much to bear as you scream out that you are cumming! Your body spasms and throbs and you push my head away from you, your body quivering in ecstasy.

After a few moments, you push me on my back and put my hands over my head and then whisper in my ear.

"It's my turn to make you CUM!"

You squat above my hard shaft and slowly lower yourself onto me. I groan in pleasure as I watch your thick pussy lips envelop my shaft. You hold my hands over my head and you lean down ad bite my earlobe. Your heaving breasts are mashed against my chest, our nipples dancing with each other. You fully impale yourself on me, your lips pressing against my trimmed pubic hair. I feel your muscles squeeze,pulling me in even deeper. You slowly rise up, allowing the slow, agonizing friction of skin on skin to increase the pleasure tenfold. 

You lift so high up that only the lips of your vagina and the tip of my penis are touching. You move back and forth, so my head is running along the length of your lips. Then you slide down so your clit is rubbing against my shaft. You slide back up, and this time you thrust down hard my cock PLUNGING deep inside you. I can hear your ass slap against my thighs and the sounds of our lovemaking increases the heat between us. 

We look into each other's eyes as we move in unison in our sexual embrace. Guttural moans escape my lips each time you come crashing down on my cock. You stick your tongue out and I suck it into my mouth. Your head arches back as a moan escapes your lips. The feeling is so incredible, so urgent, I EXPLODE inside you.

You lift up and my cock slides out of your pussy, semi-hard as it lays between our stomachs. Our mixture of cum and love juices slowly drips out of your pussy, glistening in the hues of the setting sun. You move your body up and down as we catch our breath, your nipples mashing into my chest as I feel the luxurious weight of your breasts against my skin. Our combined sweat makes the slippery friction of our bodies that much more sensual. My hands lightly caress down your shoulders and back, as I feel the goose bumps on your skin. Your head rests on my shoulder as our breathing gets deeper and more relaxed. 

My hands reach up, cupping your face, our eyes fixed on one another, as I pull your towards me for a kiss. I gently bite your lower lip, and hear a soft moan escape your lips. Our tongues find each other in the deepening sunset, dancing like butterflies in the wind. My tongue explores your mouth as our kiss gets deeper and more passionate. I already feel the flow of blood heading down to my nether regions, getting ready for round two. I break our kiss and pull your head away from me as you look at me in surprise. A few seconds later, I am kissing your chin, your elegant neck and your earlobe.

"Oh god..." I hear you moan.

"I can't take my hands off you," I say.

I feel your nipples hardening against my chest. . I look deep into your eyes for several seconds.

"I'm going to give you so much pleasure...." My cock grows and thickens between our bellies. I start thrusting my hips for additional friction. I feel your hand slide between us, and I know it's intended target. You reach your mark by grabbing my shaft and rubbing your thumb over the sensitive head of my penis.

"Mmmmmmm" I hear you whisper into my ear. My hands rub down your spine to the small of your back, then grab your sumptuous ass cheeks, squeezing and kneading your soft skin. My fingers find the insides of your thighs and reach your outer pussy lips, already moist with anticipation of the pleasures to come. 

I quickly turn us over so I am on top of you, controlling your body beneath me. I put your legs together between mine and continue to rub my hardening cock between us. I rub it against your pelvic mound, back and forth over the hood of clitoris. I lean on my shoulders and my hands find and cup your breasts as they heave with desire. You arch your head back in ecstasy as I bite your shoulder blade. 

"You are so fucking SEXY and BEAUTIFUL!!", I say in a deep, powerful voice. I now push my hard shaft between your thighs and stroke up and down, rubbing along your pussy lips. You want to spread your legs and allow me to enter you, but I keep your legs closed and continue to tease you. Your hands find my ass and help with my back and forth motion, the heat between our bodies growing every second. 

I find the nearly empty bottle of champagne and pour some on your breasts. Your nipples are as hard as diamonds. I suck the cool champagne off your warm nipples and breasts. I pour some down your stomach, and my tongue traces the path down to your belly button. The little stream of champagne is leading me to the ultimate treasure trove. 

I suck the champagne out of your belly button and I feel your stomach muscles get taut with anticipation. I look up and see your eyes closed, your lips apart, little gasps of breath escaping your luscious lips. Your tongue licks your lips and makes them moist and shiny. 

"Open your eyes and LOOK at me!", I command you. 

"KEEP LOOKING!" 

While maintaining eye contact, my tongue slowly, languorously moves south of your belly button to your mound. I slowly pour champagne as it dribbles over your pussy lips, down the crack of your ass. The champagne's carbonation causes extra shivers from your body. I finally allow you to spread your legs. My tongue reaches the hood of your clitoris, and I slowly circle it. 

You are now moaning in pleasure, but you and I have maintained eye contact throughout. My tongue traces the swollen lips of your pussy, your juices mixing with the champagne to create the most exotic elixir. My tongue licks deeply inside your pussy in a slow, inevitable push upwards until I finally make contact with your shiny pearl.

I push my tongue against your clit and your eyes roll back. I start licking gently, swabbing your engorged clit with my saliva. I taste your salty sweetness and I cannot get enough. I swirl my tongue around your extremely sensitive bud, and your hips start spasming. 

I then suck your clit in between my lips as my fingers pull back your hood and spread your juicy lips. I suck your clitoris deeper in between my lips, rolling my tongue over it. I hear gasps escape your mouth, your head rolling side to side. Your hands pull your knees close to your chest, giving me better access. 

Our eyes catch each other as I press my tongue against your clit, applying more pressure. I push it so your clit is rubbing against your pelvic bone

"I can't take it anymore!" you scream. I slide a finger into your inviting wetness. I reach up to rub the upper wall of your clit. I spread your pussy and I insert another finger in, to double the pleasure. You run your fingers through my hair as you keep panting and moaning. 

My cock is rock hard, aching for your touch. Almost sensing my needs, your reach your hand under your elevated ass and find my member, giving it a firm squeeze. Pre-cum oozes out and helps lube your hands as you stroke my penis. 

I increase the pressure on your clit and I can tell you are on the verge of cumming. I thrust my fingers deep inside you, massaging your g-spot. You can't hold back and start gushing your juices all over me.

"Cum for me!!", I yell out, as your juices squirt out and cover my face. Your taste is like ambrosia to me, like the nectar of the gods. 

"Oh my god Jeff!" you scream, as your whole body shakes and shivers. I pull my fingers out and bring them up to your lips. You almost inhale them into your mouth, like a hungry tigress who hasn't eaten for days. You suck on my fingers and lick each drop into your waiting mouth. I lean over your and grab your neck, looking deep into your eyes, and kiss you passionately. 

"Now it's MY turn.", I say as I break our kiss. I grab your arms and flip you over on your hands and knees. I push your neck and shoulders down so your ass is perched directly in front of my cock. You bring your fingers back between your legs and spread your lips, opening yourself up to me. I take the engorged head of my cock and rub it up and down the length of your pussy, lubricating it with your juices. You push back to impale yourself on me, but I grab your hips and stop you.

"Not just yet, beautiful." I rub the head and shaft of my cock over your deliciously plump, round ass cheeks. I spank you with my cock. My hands finally grab those delectable ass cheeks and I push the head of my penis inside your inviting warmth. Your lips envelop the head. This is one of the most erotic views for me, as your pussy swallows my cock. I slowly start pulling out, and my shaft is coated with juices. We both emit slow moans because of how good this feels.

We have a nice, slow, rhythm going of me sliding into you and your body pushing back. When the skin of your ass and my hips meet, it makes that erotic smacking sound of skin-on-skin. We are making unbelievably beautiful music together. Our bodies are in harmony there on the beach. Our thrusts match the waves rolling up on the sand. 

You reach your hand between your legs and play with my heavy balls as they slap against your pussy and asshole. My sweat drips onto your back as I lean over and bite your shoulder. You look back at me and our tongues dance with each other in the salty air. I reach under and grab your heaving breasts, pinching your nipples. You reach behind and pull my neck so our faces are touching. Our pants and groans are even in rhythm with each other. 

I then lean back up as my hands grasp your shoulders, and I start hammering into your pussy. 

Holy...fucking...fuck!!!" you scream. 

"Your pussy feels so fucking tight, baby!" Your ass cheeks ripple each time I finish one of my hard thrusts. My stomach and leg muscles are tight from trying to prevent the oncoming orgasm. 

"Your ass looks AMAZING from here!" 

"It's all yours Jeff!", you reply. I squeeze those sumptuous ass cheeks and rub my thumb over your tight wet asshole. I start drilling you as fast as I can, because I know I am beyond the point of no return. 

"I'm gunna cum ALL OVER your sweet ass!" You look back and catch my eyes as I produce a final shudder and pull out spraying you with jet after jet of thick, creamy cum. My legs shake and buckle, and your rise up and kiss me on the lips. I grunt like a Neanderthal as my spams slowly subside. I pull you slowly down with me as we lay on our sides. My hands run up from your thighs, to your swollen breasts, to your neck, as I kiss and nuzzle your earlobe while we watch the waves crash upon the beach...