 It was a beautiful hot sunny day here in Australia. I had decided to head to Bondi Beach for the day, I always liked to people watch there. There are so many hot bodies all together wearing pretty much nothing. Then there was the tourist side. I loved watching some of the people from around the world.

I found a spot, and put my towel down, then undid my bikini top to get a good tan. As I was lying there, I noticed this family. There were four of them a typical middle aged mum and dad, the young daughter and the one who caught my eye. He must have been nineteen, could tell he really didn't want to hang out with the parents. He was already staring at my breasts and I could tell by his slight dancing and shifting that he was liked what he saw. 

I decided to be naughty that day and give this tourist a little something special. So I grabbed my tanning lotion and squeezed a little on to my breasts, then I slowly rubbed it in making sure I played with my nipples a bit, also making sure he was watching me. I rubbed it on my stomach and down the insides of my thighs and then I gave him a wink. The poor kid blushed so hard, I just smiled at him.

He was watching me, I could tell he was waiting to see if I would give him more of a show. So when he was alone the rest of the family was in the water, I walked past and dropped a note for the young man.

"Meet me in the water, by the rocks over on the right. I will see you in 30 minutes"

I came back with an ice cream cone, he just looked and gave me a little nod which I think indicated a yes. But I started licking the ice cream, my tongue licking at it suggestively enough that I had a few comments from guys walking by. I notice the boy's parents on the way back, so I looked at the kid gave him a wink and went to the rocks.

Sure enough 10 minutes later he was there.

"Ummm Hello?" he asks shyly approaching me.

"Hello there glad you came, so where you from and what's your name" I turn to ask him, I look at him and can see the kid already had a raging hard on.

"My name is Taylor, I'm from California and....." but before he could say another word I decided to make this kids family vacation one to remember. 

I went up to Taylor and started kissing him, the whispered in his ear

"Relax and enjoy"

I then kissed his neck and worked my way down his chest, kissing and taking little bites all the way down, till I pull his swim trunks down. Taylor had a nice clean cut penis, and it was hard and ready to be sucked. So I take this kid in my mouth and he lets out the biggest groan. I wanted to give this kid a blow job that he wouldn't forget. 

My tongue circles the head of his cock I can taste a little pre-cum, the kid is trying to hold back. I slowly take the entire length of him down my throat, and leave in there while I play with his balls. Then I lick up and down his shaft before I lick at his balls, seeing them tighten up I then start sucking them, taking Taylors balls in my mouth.

I quickly stop for a second and take a quick drink leaving the soda in my mouth, and then I get Taylor's dick in my mouth again with the soda. I swish my tongue around and the bubbles from the soda are fizzing around as I suck and swallow the soda. I look up at him and see the kid is in pure heaven, I decide now is the time.

I start sucking him off even harder now picking up my speed, I hear him sigh out an oh fuck I grabbed his balls and deep throated him ,and let him fuck my face as he came in my mouth, I swallowed him and sucked more out till he was dry. Taylor was leaning on the rock eyes closed shaking a bit, but quickly shot up when he heard 

"Taylor where are you we are leaving......"

"Shit I'm sorry" as he was quickly pulling his shorts up.

"Shhh did you like?"

The kid just nodded at me.

"Good now you will remember this vacation a bit better" and I started to walk away. 

"Wait I don't know your name" he called out, but I never answered I smiled and just kept walking away. He didn't need to know who I was. I just wanted to have fun with a tourist.