 It was late evening and the sun was just setting. The whole world was turning a lovely shade of deep pink the water was warm and I was just thinking that I would have to leave it soon; the darkness would follow quite swiftly. I would have to give myself time to get back to the beach before that happened

Then suddenly I was aware of you. I watched in disbelief as you walked onto my deserted part of the beach, you rounded the headland into the cove, just as I was about to leave the water. What timing! I panicked for a moment, how could I get to my cloths without you seeing me, I am not the sort to be naked in front of complete strangers. I shouldn't have been skinny dipping, I know but the water was just so inviting I couldn't resist.

You spoke your voice was warm with a rich British accent, "good Evening" was all you said, but even so you managed to rock my world. I hesitated before responding, but you thought that I didn't understand you. "Ahh Lorelei has lost her voice." You added. I smiled, and responded "You would be great full for small mercies, if you had ever heard me sing." You laughed a low and sexy sound. I blushed and you raised an enquiring eyebrow. I blushed some more before turning my face away from you. I heard your intake of breath but had no idea why, at this point. I turned back to see your flabbergasted face.

I asked if you were OK. You whispered something about more than ok. I started to panic again. The sky was turning a darker pink and I knew the sun would set soon. Almost as though you read my mind you asked, if you should leave. This thought saddened me, but my shyness would not allow me to walk naked from the waves in front of you. I took my courage in both hands, and replied. I didn't want you to leave but I would be grateful if you would turn your back while I got dressed. You laughed in that sexy way again and replied "No problem."

You turned your back and I almost ran from the waves. I can not look at you as I pull my hair into a band and pull on my cloths. When I do look up you are facing me, and watching me intently. I blush crimson. "How long," I asked. "Since you stepped out of the water." You reply, "Can you forgive me?" I didn't expect the question, and I think I had already forgiven you before you spoke. I can't find my voice, so I shake my head and set off to walk away. You run after me, and ask me not to go. I want to get to know Lorelei, or should that be Rapunzel?" I look up at you and realize that it is my hair that has caught your attention; I know that it is striking, long, smooth dark brown hair that reaches to the backs of my knees. Again I am silent, not knowing what to say, you ask if I would like dinner and I surprise myself by saying yes.

You are a gentleman by nature and tell me you will meet me wherever I would like, in an hour, I smile and say "here"

I run along the beach to take a quick shower and wash my hair, my meeting with you has made me feel alive, vibrant and excited. I take care drying my hair and scoop it up loosely of my neck, I dress casually, but for the heat. I wear a light cotton dress, panties and sandals. I walk slowly back up the beach after an hour, trying to appear calm but something about you has made me nervous.

As I round the headland my breath is taken away, you were waiting exactly where you were, but everything has changed, there is a small table, two chairs, and candles everywhere. As I get closer I see that you have changed too, and that there is food and wine on the table. You say your table awaits as I approach and I smile up at you.

I must admit to barely tasting the food or wine, though I am sure it was wonderful, I was only aware of you, your smile and voice, your attentions and your very presence.

After dinner you asked if I cared to dance and when I said yes, you provided music from a well hidden stereo. I look out to the stars, out to the sea and up into your eyes and I was lost. You had won me over with hardly any words and no caresses. I felt weak at the knees and I could feel my body reacting to you and the most romantic night of my life.

As we dance your fingers caressed my back, and slid down to stroke my bottom. I slid my hands up your back to your shoulders, and further up into your hair. I looked up into your aroused and darkened eyes. I felt myself sigh as your lips came down to mine. My eyes fluttered shut as I felt your firm lips caressing mine. My mouth yielded and your tongue plundered my welcoming territory. I moaned softly against your lips and pressed my soft body against yours. I was surprised by my wanton behavior but I did not want to stop. You responded to my action by placing your hand firmly against my back and pulling me in tighter. Here I could feel the strength and hardness of your body against my pliant tender places.

You took me over to a blanket and laid me down. I pulled you down beside me and kissed you hard. I felt our teeth clashing but that just aroused me further. I welcomed your hand upon my breast, I needed the pinching of my nipples. I moaned loudly when you slid the restricting clothing from my body and claimed my nipples with your mouth. I felt hot and sensual as you sucked, licked and gently bit my nipples. I tried to undo your shirt but you kept distracting me. I cried out in pleasure as your fingers caressed me intimately and I helped you remove my panties. Then I had to taste you, to see you too. I rolled slightly and ended up almost on top of you, all shyness forgotten as I removed your shirt and sucked your hard nipples, then I fought with your trousers until I found my prize. I closed my fingers around your shaft and squeezed, pleased by the sound of your moans. Then I wriggled down the blanket so I could bring my mouth to bear. I licked it first, up and down the length and around the head. I soon had all of it in my mouth, sucking on it. Oh, you felt and tasted so good. Again you made me loose concentration though, as you rubbed my clit with your thumb and gently inserted a finger into my hot wet pussy. I grasped around your hard cock and you escaped. You moved smoothly down the blanket kissing my stomach on the way. Then you set your tongue to work on my most intimate places, licking and delving and sucking. I was writhing and moaning all the time. I opened my eyes and looked up at the stars and I watched your face between my legs. I lost everything for a few moments, or was that hours, as I came. The pleasure rushed over me and through me and I felt my body shake, as my juices ran over your face. You smiled down at me as I returned to earth and smiled back in a dazed way.

"My turn" I whispered to you. I lay you flat on your back on the blanket and kiss your hard cock again, then I loosen my hair so it covers us, like a curtain. I see the desire on your face, as I crawl up to your face and kiss you hard; I slide my tongue deep into your warmouth as I slide my wet pussy down on your hard cock. You gasp and push up under me trying to get deeper; I smile down at you and oblige you, by sliding up and down you, riding you. Leaning over to drape you in my hair, as my breasts press against your face. I feel your hands on my ass, then your fingers rubbing around it. I feel you insert a finger into my ass. "Do you want it?" I whisper, you look at me in amazement, "Do I want what?" you manage to say. I Smile, "Do you want my ass? If you want it all you have to do is ask." Almost before the words have left my lips, you have moved, somehow got out from under me. You push me from my kneeling position and ask if you can have it as you thrust deep into my pussy from behind. I scream in pleasure as you fuck me deep. "YES" I shout, "you can have anything you want." You remove your cock from my wet and aching cunt and thrust it deep into my waiting ass. I scream again as you ride my ass, fucking me hard and deep. I am already shaking when you rub my clit and thrust fingers into my cunt. I tense and thrust harder, as I feel my body react again and I come as you shoot your load deep into my ass.

We are both lying naked on the blanket, listening to the sea and looking up at the tropical night sky. I feel slightly uncomfortable and incredibly shy. You turn to me, almost as though you know how I am feeling. You raise yourself up onto one elbow and lean down to kiss me. It is a tender kiss, Soft, yet full of promise and I feel my body react to it. You reach up and stroke my hair, with a tender look on your face and smile down at me. I feel safe, protected and wanted. I smile up at you and ask, "Is there anything else you would like to do?" you laugh in that sexy throaty way you do, and reply "Yes, everything." I smile at you and answer "I am here, do whatever you want."

I am a little surprised when you leave me alone on the blanket, when you return you ask me to close my eyes, which I do. You touch my smooth, shaved pussy and I feel that you are rubbing something onto me. I peek and see that you are putting cream all over my lips. I smile and you pretend to be angry that I am looking. "No peeking." I am told. I lay still, with my eyes closed and enjoy the sensations you are causing. I shiver in excitement as I feel your breath against my inner thigh, then sigh in pleasure as you start to gently lick the cream off me. You take special care, to just into every nook and cranny, to make sure that I am clean, and very aroused.

I gasp and shudder in complete surprise as you rub an ice cube over my swollen clit. It is too cold against my hot sensitive skin but the pleasure is unbelievable. You rub the ice, from the ice bucket, inside my lips and into my steamy cunt. I am in heaven as I feel the cold against my heat. You rise up to kiss me, while sucking on a piece of ice. You hold it between your teeth and rub it against my hard nipples, causing me to writhe in pleasure. Then you kiss me with your cold lips and slide your icy tongue inside my hot mouth. I tell you that I would like to do the same to you, but you say, "Later there is plenty of time." You suck on another piece of ice, and repeat the cold kiss and icy tongue routine on my lower lips and pussy. I am so turned on now. I am whispering encouragement. You use your fingers and tongue to your best ability and bring me to the edge of orgasm, then stop. I cry out in frustration and you chuckle. As you slide your cock deep into my aching, wet cunt. I start to come immediately; the sensation of your cock filling me is just too much. You thrust deep and hard as my cunt spasms around you.

When I come down you remove your still erect member and bring it to my lips. I slowly lick it clean, tasting my own sweet musky juices. I lick and suck on you drawing you inside my mouth and fucking you with my face. I suck and lick your cock and caress your balls hoping to bring you to a climax, when you tell me what you want. I smile up at you, my mouth still full of cock. I nod and slide my mouth off you. I wrap my hair around your shaft and start to wank you with it. I hear your soft moans as you watch me use my hair to pleasure you. I feel your body tensing and your cock getting even harder as my hair covers you. You cry out and shoot your come into my face and hair. It hangs in threads all over my lips, cheek and into my hair. You sit up and kiss my lips, tasting yourself off me. We sit together in peace and contentment, for a few moments, each with our own thoughts. Then you invite me back to yours to clean up. I readily agree.