 When I woke up the next morning, my mom, sister and Michelle were all out.  My father was working on packing up the car to head home.  His plan was to leave as soon as the ladies returned from their morning outing.  While they were out my father gave me the responsibility lecture, the no party lecture, the no fighting with my sister lecture, the no bringing girls home lecture, etc…  I just nodded my head and swore to him that we would behave responsibly.  I helped him get packed up and ready to go home and for the rest of the morning we waited for the ladies to come back home.  They must have been out shopping or something because it was well after lunch before they came back.  By this time the skies were becoming overcast and rain was threatening.  As my parents were getting ready to leave it began to thunderstorm and my parents decided not drive in the rain and to wait it out.  For the next 2 hours we all sat around the kitchen table playing cards and spending a little family time together.    

I caught Michelle making eye contact with me and giving me a smile or a wink as we sat around playing cards.  She sat right across from me and she would be very coy and sneaky about how she looked at me with my parents and sister present so as to not raise any suspicions. I would try my best to ignore her but she has the looks, the personality and the sexual attraction that you just could not ignore.  It was difficult.  Very difficult, but I think I managed not to raise anyone’s suspicions. 

Finally, after the rains and our games had stopped and shortly before evening arrived, my parents said their goodbyes and left us to ourselves.  The three of us walked my parents out to their car and waved to them from the deck as they drove off.  Once my parents made the turn on to the other road my sister turned to Michelle and I and said “I know there is something weird going on between you two and I don’t care what it is but you both better not get us all into trouble and leave me out of it.”  With that, she turned and left to go back into the house leaving me and Michelle stunned and confused on the deck alone.  

“What is with her?” Michelle asked

“I don’t know.  Maybe you are being a little too obvious?” I shot back.

“I’ll go talk to her” said Michelle and with that she returned to the house.  

I stood against the railing of the deck just looking at the surrounding scenery and taking in the beauty of the area.  I really enjoy the beach and all it has to offer and while I was standing there enjoying the peace and quiet my sister Lori came out and leaned against the railing next to me.   “Hey” I said acknowledging her.

“Hey” she smiled and said nothing more for a few moments.  In fact neither of us did.  Then finally, because you could cut the silence with a knife, I asked her what she wanted to do this evening.  Since it was so late in the day and it had rained, the beach was out of the question.  The girls already went shopping in the morning and that didn’t leave much of anything else to do but I asked anyway.

“Michelle and I are thinking of just hanging out here tonight if that is ok.  I think that we are just going to watch TV and then tomorrow get up early and hit the beach.”  

Lori’s plan sounded good and I was fine with a nice relaxing evening.  “That works for me” I responded positively.

“Can I ask what is going on between you and Michelle?”  There it was!  Lori’s bombshell question.  What did she know?  

“Nothing” I answered back.  

“Doesn’t seem like anything” she pressed.  “Look, I know you two have an attraction to each other and have always been flirtatious with each other but just please don’t make it so obvious and if something does or doesn’t happen don’t be a jerk.  Michelle is a sweet girl and has dated plenty of jerks.  Just don’t dick her around or screw her and then ignore her.”

I was shocked that my sister would think I would be a jerk around women.  The fact was Michelle and I were old enough to make our own decisions and if we wanted a week of fun with no strings attached then we were going to have it.  And if it didn’t work out that way, I was fine with that too.  I countered back with a “whatever” and turned to return to the house.

Lori shouted my name “Tom!  Before you go in I just wanted to say thinks for coming down with us.  I really do appreciate it.”

Without saying a word I returned inside and headed to my room where I opened a book and spent the next hour or so reading.  Later that evening, I walked out to the kitchen where I found Michelle and Lori watching some movie together on the TV.  I made something to eat and watched a little of the movie with them but by now I was really bored to death with the evening.  The rains had returned and with nothing better to do I went back to my room and read some more before falling to sleep.  

For the second time on this trip, Michelle had sneaked into my room and was slipping herself into bed with me.  I moved over this time to let her in and as I wrapped my arm around her I noticed that her shirt was off.  I smiled to myself in the darkness and whispered “hey”.

“Hi” she said. 

I could already feel myself beginning to get hard and before I knew it her mouth was on mine in a hot kiss.  We started making out more passionately and she slid her body up and on on mine.  With her long dark hair draping our faces as we made out, I ran my hands down her bare back.  Her soft skin felt nice under my hands.  Her hands were holding my face as we continued to kiss.  I could feel her hips slowly grinding into my groin.  She was rocking against my cotton covered cock.  I ran my hands up her sides lightly grazing her breasts.  I could feel her shudder with excitement each time I would lightly move along the sides of her breasts.  I let my hands move to the front of her as I cup her breasts.  I gently squeezed them in my hands.  They were soft and yet firm.  Large but not too big and she let out a gentle moan as I massaged them in my palms.

I broke our kiss and kissed down her neck.  She leaned closer to me as I left small pecks down her neck and moved my hands out from between us and around to her back again.  Holding her head close against me, I nibbled her neck and shoulder and my other hand roamed down to her ass where I discovered that she was not wearing any panties either.  She was completely naked in my bed and on top of me.

I gently nudged her to the side and onto her back and climbed over her.  I kissed her again before making my way down to her breasts.  I explored each one by kissing, sucking, nibbling, and running my tongue over each one.  I sucked her nipple into my mouth rolling it over and over with my tongue.  Her hands were running through my hair as her legs and hips kept shifting and squirming below me.  

Kissing my way back up to her mouth I slid my hand between her thighs and ran my finger tips over her mound.  I traced her slit feeling her wetness seeping out greeting my fingers with a delicate coating of her juice.  I slid my finger into her slowly and teasingly.  We kissed again and she sucked my bottom lip into hers and held it as I fingered her.  I then eased another finger into her.  With two fingers in I resumed my slow teasing.  With long slow strokes in and out of Michelle I was working her into a frenzy. She was quietly moaning my name.  My fingers were soaking wet with her juices which I finally pulled out of her and rubbed along her nipples.  I then leaned down and cleaned her juices off her nipples with my mouth and tongue.  I returned my fingers into her pussy and gathered more of her juice and spread it against her nipples again before cleaning it off with my mouth.

Before I could repeat this again, Michelle grabbed my hand and took my fingers into her mouth cleaning my fingers of her juices.  I almost came in my pants right there.  I quickly peeled off my briefs and climbed between her legs.  I had to have her now!  She reached down and guided my shaft into her where I easily slid completely into her.  I held myself there for a moment as I could feel that I was close to cumming just from all the foreplay.  Her warm wet pussy felt incredible against my hard cock.  Michelle locked her legs behind me as I slowly began to fuck my sister’s friend for the first time.  I used slow short strokes as her locked legs prevented me from really going at it.  She held her hands around the back of my neck as I alternated between quick fast shallow strokes and slow teasingly shallow strokes.  

I wanted to really give it to her because I was not sure how long I could hold out.  I  forced myself back on my knees and grabbed her ankles holding them at my shoulders as I finally began to use the entire length of my cock to fuck her.  Her moaning was getting louder and I worried for a moment that we would wake my sister.  Hard fast strokes, the kind that make my balls slap off of Michelle’s ass were making me ready to cum.  Michelle suddenly stopped moaning and went silent and her body went rigid and I felt her pussy spasm against my cock.  Her hips lifted off the bed as she came hard.  Michelle covered her face with a pillow as she let out a muffled cry of pleasure.  

As her orgasm subsided, I returned to my motions and within moments I pulled out of her and buried my cock under her ass and came.  I emptied my load onto the bed and into the sheets under Michelle’s ass.  When I was done cumming I fell on the bed next to her catching my breath.  She kissed me again and turned on her side and faced me.  

“Why did you pull out?” she asked while stroking my arm.

“I don’t know.  We never talked about what was going to happen and if it was safe.”

“Of course it is silly.”  She giggled.  “Now I got your stuff all on my ass.”  

I reached around and felt her ass and I made quite a mess back there.  My fingers traced her ass crack and right around her asshole was a huge load of my cum.  I felt her asshole and tried to stick my finger into it playfully.

“Hey, get out of there” was her response.  

I got up out of bed and grabbed a towel to clean her and I up with.  After cleaning up our mess she turned away from me and I snuggled up behind her with my arms wrapped around her.  “I’ve been waiting a long time for that” Michelle admitted.

“Since we came down here for vacation?” I playfully responded.

“Longer” she answered.

We lay there a while longer in silence before Michelle warned me that if she drifts off to sleep I had better wake her up before my sister wakes up and notices her in here with me.