 Walking across the beach, she was watching the waves of the ocean as they slowly lapped against the sandy beach. The moonlight lent a luminescent glow to the water, and its motion gave it a hypnotic appearance. She had been sitting on the deck of the cottage, drinking a glass of chardonnay. Deep in reflection, she had begun to walk down the beach. The moonlight, water, and sand helped relax her.

Then up ahead of her she saw him. Many nights she had studied him as he strolled the beach. He wasn't some Adonis nor supermodel. Close-cropped hair, bright blue eyes, single day scruff on his face and a great smile He had an air about him that just said that he was a very capable man. Self-confident was what readily came to mind. 

He was walking towards her, and his eyes had locked on hers. As she approached him, his smile got wider, and she could make out a dimple on each cheek. She smiled back at him. As he got to her, he reached out and grabbed her hand. No words were spoken as he guided her along the beach towards the pier, in the direction he had just come. She noticed that he had a blanket draped over his shoulder.

Just before the pier, there was an outcrop of rocks that extended into the water like a small bony finger. He laid the blanket down next to one of smaller rocks and directed her to stand next to the blanket that he had just spread out. She started to raise the glass to her lips, and he reached down taking the glass from her. 

Directing her to stand, he began to undo the buttons of the light sundress that she was wearing. His fingers as they grazed her skin while undressing her gave her a small electric shock. She wasn't resisting this stranger, and he was trying to remove her dress on a public beach. As the last button was undone he slowly pushed it off her shoulders. He let the dress fall, it pooled at her feet as it fell from her. She was standing before him in just a lace bra and panties. His gaze warmed her to her very core.

He leaned in as if he was going to kiss her. He paused just a scant few millimeters from her lips. She could smell him, and it was an intoxicating aroma. He just held that position, and she couldn't hold back anymore. She leaned in and kissed him hard on the lips. The touch was heavenly. He was a great kisser. She could get drunk on his lips they were that intoxicating. Their tongues danced together, and she felt as if she was floating. During the kiss, she felt the strap of her bra being slid over her shoulder, then the other strap. His arm reached around and deftly undid her bra clasp. The tension of the fabric was no longer there. Only her arms at her sides prevented it from falling.

His lips began to explore her flesh from her mouth to the tops of her breasts that were rising and falling as her breath seemed to be coming quicker and quicker. The kisses had moved from her mouth to her neck. His breath a warm breeze across her skin. Feather lite kisses caressed the tops of her breasts. He nuzzled into her cleavage, inhaling deeply and enjoying the smell of her. His lips began to explore her tits again. He slowly pulled her bra completely off, and he worked his way to her hardened nipples.

Her breath caught in her throat as he clamped his lips to her nipple and started sucking. He played with it with his tongue. He pulled away, staring at her nipple glistening with his saliva. Gently he blew across it and watched as it hardened even more. Goosebumps appeared on the flesh of her tits. Then he repeated those actions as he changed to the other side. Biting, nipping, licking and sucking, he teased her, getting her to climb higher in ecstasy.

His hands were still roaming over her body. He had grabbed her ass and pulled her tighter to him. Their bodies pressed together; he continued his teasing of her breasts. His hands returned to her chest and were massaging her as he continued his oral assault. No rushing just aggressive then subtle teasing.

His hand reached down to cup her pussy, the warmth of it, gave an indication of how excited she was. While he kept playing with her tits, he started to massage her pussy through her panties. Achingly slowly he rubbed, he could feel the wetness beginning to seep through. Pushing the panties to the side, he exposed her nether lips to the night air. The smell of her arousal filled the air. Sliding his finger between her lips and across her clit, eliciting a soft moan from her. Sliding two fingers into her, he felt her warm nectar coating his fingers. He began to finger fuck her, randomly massaging her clit as he did so. Soon his hand was soaked from her, he pulled them out of her, and a wet slurp audible as his fingers broke free from her pussy. He brought his fingers to her tits and wiped them on her nipples, and cleaned the sticky mess with his tongue and lips.

He knelt down at her feet and slowly pulled her lace panties down. Her most intimate parts now exposed to his eyes. She loved that he looked up her as a desirable creature. He didn't care about anything else right now; only her pleasure mattered to him. He kissed her pussy, inhaling her heady scent. His tongue flickered across her lips, clit and the surrounding area. His tongue slid into her cunt and explored her pussy. Then he added a finger pushing it into her. Licking and sucking her clit, he wanted to drive her to release. 

Suddenly he stopped and stood in front of her. He kissed her hard, and she could taste herself on his lips. That kiss was even more powerful than the others he had shared with her. While unbuckling his pants, she stopped him and did it for him. She pulled his cock out of his underwear and began to massage it, slowly jacking him off. Without warning, he reached down and grabbed her around the waist, but he had crossed his arms before he had grabbed hold of her. 

Then suddenly she was lifted into the air, and as he uncrossed his arms, she found herself upside down. He was holding her that way, and it brought her pussy to his mouth once again. Now she was upside down but looking at his cock as it hung there in front of her face. Lifting it to her mouth she sucked it in, capturing the head and half the shaft. She started sucking him. He was feasting on her. She thought she could hear a ravenous growl as he ate her out like it was his last meal on earth. She worked harder taking him into her throat and even licking his balls as she had taken him all the way. She wanted to make him cum, to give him the same pleasure that he was giving her. 

Now she realized that he really was growling as he ate her. The growling added a vibration to his oral teasing. He knew she was close and wanted to taste her as she came. He held her upside down as he pleasured her. He seemed to have a hundred tongues. Not an inch of her pussy was left untouched. She was almost there. She grabbed hold of him, frozen in the motion of sucking him, as her first orgasm was almost ripped from her body. He savored her taste and licked until her until her body stopped shaking. 

She went limp in his arms, but he was still able to right her and lay her back on the blanket. He lay down next to her and kissed her lips. His blue eyes smiled at her. His look one of intense lust. Their tongues battled, she explored his mouth tasting her own cum that coated his face and tongue. His hands were once again roaming her body. He massaged her tits, teasing her nipples. Still kissing her, he slid his hand down to the nexus of her legs. Reflexively she opened her legs to allow him easier access. 

He slid his middle two fingers into her and pressed his palm against her clit. His fingers pressed against the inside front of her cunt. He was speeding up his movements, and she could feel the pressure building in herself again. He continued to kiss her, but his hand was bringing her sensations that distracted her from his lips on hers. The flat of his hand continued brushing her clitoris, and his fingers were hooked inside her. She worried as she felt like she was going to pee herself. He sensed this and told her, to just relax, it was not what she thought it was. Relax and go with the feelings. Caught totally off guard another orgasm hit her, and this was a hard cum. Her inner muscles grabbed his invading fingers, and it felt like she was gushing. 

He removed his hand from her and brought it up. She could see that her juices were dripping off his hand. He got between her legs and gazed down at her. Blue pools took in her beauty as he looked upon her. He put his fingers to her mouth and had her lick them clean. The fingers were so wet, and she smiled as one by one she cleaned them. Looking into his eyes, she sucked the last finger all the way in and had hard as she could.

He scooted forward, his cock pressing against her. The tip pressed in just past the lips of her cunt. Another inch pressed into her and then backed out until just the tip was inside her. Slowly forward... two inches then back out to just the tip. Not moving fast he pushed into three and then back out. He cycled through never fully entering her but never fully pulling out. Then he pressed all the way in, and the air was pushed out of her as he fell on top of her. He was pushing in and out of her. The sounds of their coupling filled the air as did the smell of sex. He propped himself up, pulled out of her and told her to get into the kneeling position in front of him.

Pressing into her she enjoyed the sensation as his cock sliced into the center of her being. As he pulled out her orgasm goo glistened on his hard dick. Her pussy wanted to suck him back in with each stroke out. Then when he pressed back in her muscles would grip and flex trying to pull him deeper, seemingly milking him to bring him to orgasm. Playfully he slapped her ass and watched his handprints disappear. Her ass cheeks jiggled as he did it. Then his thrusts started to become more chaotic and frenzied. She knew that he was close. Pushing back against him it was like she was trying to fuck back at him. His hands grabbed her waist and rapidly he hammered into her. He reached around and grabbed one of her tits with one hand and began to massage her clit with the other. 

He wanted one more orgasm out of her but the luxurious sensations of her cunt on his cock and her ass slapping against him were too much. She could actually feel him as he began to shoot off inside her. It seemed like he would never stop, but he had cum too soon, she was so close and really wanted one more release. As the last drop left his dick, he pulled out and flipped her onto her back and quickly putting her legs over his shoulders, he planted his mouth on her pussy. He didn't care that he had just filled her up, it was his own cum. He was going to give her that last orgasm that her body wanted, no it was more than that it was what she desired.

Flicking over her cunny, he teased her clit and inner lips. His fingers pressed into her and he began a see-saw motion. Tongue, mouth, and fingers worked together to bring her closer and closer to climax. Suddenly her thighs clamped against his head, and he was sucking hard on her clit, his fingers inside her. She was hunching against his face and hand as she started to cum. A low moan that turned into a slight wail indicated that she was cumming yet again. 

Then he was next to her and kissing her, their intermingled juices coating his face. He kissed and held her until the euphoric feeling had finally passed over her. He then took her in his arms and held her as they listened to the waves along the shore. A little while later she awoke in his arms, and noticed that he was looking at her. He told her that she was beautiful and said that what had just happened was so very pleasurable for him. She readily agreed. After a few minutes they stood, and he began walking her back to her house. He had pulled his pants up and redid his belt. She was walking naked and he was carrying her stuff, she didn't care if anyone saw her, she was feeling too damned good. Walking onto her deck and up to her back door they kissed again. And once again he stole her breath away with that kiss. 

She turned to open her door, and when she turned back to him, he was gone. She looked around and he was nowhere to be seen. She closed her eyes and remembered that last kiss the taste of his mouth on hers, the scent of his cologne. The memory of what just happened was burned into her mind, and it would be a pleasurable fantasy to replay in the future as she would masturbate. The intensity of her cumming with him, was so powerful. She smiled as she pictured his blue eyes looking into her soul, and stripping her with his gaze.