 Many years ago I spent my summer in one of the coastal cities of South Carolina. My uncle owned a big electrical supply house there and offered me a job for the summer between my sophomore and junior years of college. I figured why not go? I was sick of weeding the greens at the local golf course, and when I wasn’t working I could spend my time at the beach. Of course, being a northern boy, I didn’t know about the heat and humidity in Carolina in the summer. Try spending your day lugging around bundles of 1” heavy wall conduit in 100 degree heat. 

I was a summer fill-in guy, and handled the job of anyone who went on vacation. So though I usually worked in the warehouse, sometimes I was taking orders and I even did some deliveries. That’s how I met Mary Lou. She worked for some small outfit and would check the orders I delivered to her company. Mary Lou was a very small girl, about 5’2” and maybe 95 pounds. She had this lush honey blonde straight hair that fell half way down her back and she was extremely cute. But her voice was the clincher. She had a little girl voice with a perfect southern accent. The first time she spoke to me I was hooked. (Remember that cartoon with the wolf sitting in the nightclub listening to the singer and howling? That was me.) Now I had always thought of myself as a breast man, but Mary Lou’s breasts were pretty small as far as I could tell. (She dressed rather conservatively, and her clothes didn’t reveal much). I didn’t care. I just wanted to look into those green eyes and listen to her speak. Within a week of meeting her, I asked her out. Before long we were spending all our spare time together. Her voice may have been childlike, but she had an iron will and was very intelligent. She was just fun to be with. It was only later that I was to discover that she had the most perfect ass in the south. And her legs were to die for. Two out of three ain’t bad.

I am a small person. I’m only 5’4” and weigh only about 150. But I was a relatively big-time athlete. I was a three year starter on our college wrestling team (and one year we placed in the top ten in NCAA Division I). So I was small but mighty. Fortunately I guess, my prick is disproportionately large for my frame. It’s 7 ½ inches long when angry. I’m not one to measure, but there was this townie girl back at college (we called her the sword swallower), who was determined to go down on one mile of cocks before she died. She actually kept a journal and carried a tape measure. Every guy she went down on got a place in her journal with the number of inches. She wasn’t expecting much from me, but got well over half a foot of cock for her trouble. Last I saw her she claimed to be past 1600 feet. You have to admire a person with goals. Anyway, even though 7 ½ inches isn’t huge, on my small body it looks like a python. 

Mary Lou was 19 at this time. She had two friends she had been with since 7th grade. They got together about twice a week and spent most of their time together drinking, laughing, and talking dirty. Emily was about 5’8”, with red hair and freckles, an hour-glass body and above average looks. She was a party girl type who I never saw in a bad mood. Wanda was a really good looking blonde, maybe 5’5” with a great figure. The effect was spoiled when she opened her mouth. She was originally from some hick town in the boondocks of Georgia and had this back country southern accent that to my ears was barely intelligible. Every sentence she spoke contained some derivation of the word “fuck”. And she wasn’t real bright. Still, she was funny and fun, and if she kept her mouth shut she was quite easy on the eyes. After meeting her I knew that if I hadn’t been dating Mary Lou, Wanda would have been a prime candidate for a night of drink and debauchery.

After I had been dating Mary Lou for over a month, she decided that I should be a part of one of her little parties with her friends. Emily and Wanda were both 20 and both married. Mary Lou explained to me that down South, if a girl didn’t plan to go to college (and few of them did from her socio-economic level), she got married. Both girls had been married immediately after graduation from high school. Mary Lou almost had done the same thing until she had an attack of sanity. Emily’s husband was an almost stereotypical southern jerk. He was a sexist racist asshole who mostly was interested in hunting, fishing and drinking. He was about a foot taller than me and must have outweighed me by a hundred pounds, but at least forty pounds of it was beer. Wanda’s husband was a low-life, pot-smoking, pale-faced, skinny reprobate who had never held a job in his life. She paid for everything and he sat on his ass and got high. Neither of these two were ever invited to the girl’s parties (Mary Lou couldn’t stand either of them), so I was surprised when she insisted that I come. Actually they came to me, ‘cause I was staying at my uncle’s vacation cabin on the beach, about 15 miles north of town. Back then the beach was totally secluded, with only a few houses and fewer people. 

When these girls got together they usually drank rum and coke, and I mean they put it away. I wasn’t much of a drinker, so I suggested we do some grass as well. None of the girls smoked (even the one with the stoner husband), so I thought it might be interesting to do honey slides. For the innocent among you, honey slides are made by cooking a quantity of cleaned pot in a skillet until the stuff starts to smoke. Then you pour it onto a tablespoon of honey and suck the stuff down your throat. The cool thing about honey slides is they don’t work right away. It might take half an hour, sometimes even an hour before they hit you. After a while you’re thinking “shit, we didn’t cook it enough, this isn’t going to work”. Before long you forget you even did it. Then it hits you. But the effect isn’t gradual, like it is when smoking. It’s like: “I’m straight… I’m straight… I’m straight… I’m shit-faced!” The stuff hits you like a ton of bricks and lasts forever. 

We had been playing some board game (seems to me it was “Aggravation”), and the girls were drinking. Now all along, the girls had been kidding each other about their significant others. (Even though Mary Lou and I had only been seeing each other for a little while, I was graciously included in the mix). Emily and Wanda were both saying how hung their husbands were. And they were kidding Mary Lou that she didn’t need that much because she was so small, which according to them was lucky for me. I was like “hey girls, don’t hold anything back just because I’m here”. Mary Lou is normally quiet and is very reticent to talk about sex so she didn’t come to my defense. The talk had gotten pretty risqué (which is the way these girls usually talked to each other during these get-togethers apparently). Then the honey slides kicked in. 

It’s hot even at night on the beach in South Carolina in August. We were all dressed in shorts and tee shirts, but were still feeling the heat (me more than them, they were used to it). Finally Wanda said, “These fucking clothes are making me stew. Let’s go swimmin’.” Everyone suddenly realized that we were almost magically and instantly totally fucked up, and we started laughing hysterically. 

Mary Lou said, “Wanda, you know we don’t have our bathing suits!” 

Wanda just laughed. “Who needs suits? We skinny dip all the time.” 

Emily agreed. “Honey, you ain’t got nothin that everyone here hasn’t already seen. I’m stewing too. Let’s get out of these sticky old clothes and cool off.”

Mary Lou wasn’t through. She said, “But what about Joey?” 

Wanda stuck her elbow in my side. “Ya’ll don’t care if we all go skinny dippin’, do ya?” 

“Who me”, I asked innocently?

Wanda replied “I didn’t think so.”

I was more than a little surprised here. I had known these girls for more than a month, and like every normal guy, I had been trying to envision what Emily and Wanda would look like sans clothing. In my mind’s eye they looked pretty good. But I was must have been ready to see the real thing, ‘cause my shorts were starting to feel real uncomfortable. Really, it wasn’t that sudden. Sitting around for an hour watching three sexy young girls speak Southern and talk dirty had already gotten my interest. These girls had never seen me in a bathing suit, and I always wore loose fitting shirts, so when I took the lead and removed my shirt, Emily’s and Wanda’s eyes looked like saucers. Truth be told, I was chiseled back then. I already had a wrestler’s body and had put on twenty pounds of solid muscle over the summer carrying around that fucking conduit. My weight class jumped from 134 as a sophomore to 150 as a junior. Emily was used to seeing her beer-bellied loud mouth. Wanda slept with a skinny wimp. Let’s face it: one of the effects of honey slides in my experience was to make you horny as hell. Almost anyone looks good to you when you are fucked up on honey slides. Ergo, I looked good to them. 

I paused after taking off my shirt, obviously demanding that the girls follow suit. Of course, Wanda was the first to go. She gave me a meaningful sexy look, then grasped the bottom of her tee shirt and just pealed it right off. I was very pleased to see that (as I had figured) she was not wearing a bra. When her shirt came off, there were her 36 C’s sticking out and those round brown nipples were pointing in my direction. I felt them beckoning to my lips. My shorts seemed to be getting tighter. Emily shrugged her shoulders and slipped out of her shirt. She was wearing a bra that must have been industrial strength to hold up those monster boobs. Her cleavage poured out the top of her bra, making me consider what I might like to stick there. Mary Lou was very business-like in taking off her shirt. She reached around and unclasped her bra, looked at me and defiantly dropped it to the floor. Those perky little 32B breasts looked like they needed a mouth to cover them up. Finally Emily showed some mercy to that over-worked bra and released the clasp, unleashing those prodigious milk-white red speckled breasts. That did it for me. My prick felt like it was trying to bore a hole through the fabric off my shorts. It was painful. Maybe that’s why I didn’t baulk when Wanda turned to me. She was starting to breathe a little heavily (so was I). 

She said, “Well hell, it’s ‘bout time you went ahead and took it all off, Joey. I’ve seen everything these other two have to show, but I’m sure as hell eager to see what’s been pushing up those shorts of yours.”

All three girls’ eyes were riveted on me as I slid my fingers under the waistband of my shorts. I hooked my underpants at the same time. I turned my back on them and stripped. When I turned around my prick was sticking up at a 45 degree angle and it must have looked like it was a foot long to the girls. All I know is, to me it felt like a piece of steel. I heard Emily gasp and Wanda said “My fucking God!”

I guess I’ve never had three sets of female eyes on my dick at the same time. It seemed to like the attention. Wanda hurriedly pulled down her shorts, revealing that she wasn’t wearing any underwear at all; and revealing a dark blond neatly shaved bush that was designed to highlight her protruding cunt lips. Oh, yeah! Emily quickly followed suit. That’s right, she’s a real redhead. She had lots of soft red curls covering her pubic area. Mary Lou slowly pulled off her shorts and then her conservative cotton panties. But though she was last, she still was the best. Her cuntal hairs were almost platinum. They were sparsely growing around her cunt, but Christ, she looked like a little girl. My cock looked and acted like a divining rod, standing straight up in the air, and then pointing to the nearest cunt. But in the end it pointed at Mary Lou. That perfect small, round ass; those slender, muscular legs; that moist warm, glove-like pussy, all made me want to cancel the rest of the evening and push her into the bedroom. 

But Wanda had other ideas. “Let’s go swimming” she said. So I turned the lights off inside the house and we sneaked out on the porch to see if anyone was on the beach tonight. It was the middle of the week and only a couple of the houses had people staying. We had the beach to ourselves. Emily and Wanda ran down to the water, while Mary Lou and I strolled behind, me trying to clandestinely goose her. I cupped her left ass check and massaged it, working my hand closer and closer to her center. But just as I thought I might slip a finger in from behind, Mary Lou reached back and slapped my hand. 

“Please don’t do that Joey” Mary Lou said quietly. 

I wasn’t very apologetic. “Baby, you’re driving me crazy. If we don’t get together soon for some serious humping and thumping, I’ll lose it.”

“I know”, she said. “I’m so aroused. I just can’t wait for you to fuck me.”

I figured she must have been aroused, because that’s the first time I heard her use that word in any context. I leaned closer to her and her hand accidentally brushed my dick. It felt good. Then her hand rubbed my dick again, and I realized it wasn’t accidental. She was doing what she could for me as unobtrusively as possible. It didn’t make matters better. It made them worse. 

The girls had waded out to about where when a wave came in the water was up to their waists, but when the wave receded I could see both of their cunts. Now this is my idea of skinny dipping. Mary Lou and I went out to join them. Of course they were splashing water on us all the way out. Then we were just doing what everyone always does in the ocean. Swimming, splashing, dunking, laughing. Suddenly one of the girls grabbed my butt and we all started playing grab-ass. I was getting to cop a feel off all the girls and they were copping a feel off of me at the same time. What started as a small step over the line soon took on a life of its own. We were no longer splashing or laughing, but we were feeling. My hand first came up from the water to fondle Emily’s boobs, tweak the round red nipples, just massage those milky whites. 

Emily said “Joey, that’s my weakness. Don’t do that to me. It makes me crazy!”

But I noticed she wasn’t pushing my hands away. All four of us were tightly together, facing each other in the water. I had a tit against each side of my chest, but the tits belonged to two different women. My right hand, as I said, was busy with Emily’s tit. My left hand worked its way down to Wanda’s ass and just squeezed. Mary Lou was facing me, but so close that she was boob to boob with both of her friends. Suddenly a hand cupped my cock and fondled it lovingly. That was the contact I had been looking for. I had a hand on my cock and I didn’t know whose it was. My cock was gripped firmly. Now that hand was jerking back and forth, back and forth. The hand sped up. A second hand took hold of my balls. I could feel myself starting to lose it.

“Hey boy, what’s going on down under that water. You look like you’re ‘bout to have a stroke! We better get back inside before you make a fool of yourself.” Wanda’s broke the spell for me and I smiled sheepishly at her. I said, “Yeah, maybe we should go on in.”

All four of us walked back out of the water and across the sand to the house. My dick hadn’t lost any of its hardness. It pointed the way back, and the girls seemed willing to follow. There is something inherently sexy about watching a naked woman walk. It’s a least three times as sexy watching three naked women strolling across the beach.

We returned to the living room and sat down and continued the party, but this time without our clothes. Nobody made any attempt to get dressed, so it certainly wasn’t my place to bring the matter up. I realized that the living room seemed to be filling up with a musky odor. I could smell each of them, it seemed. My prick was starting to bob up and down and three sets of eyes were following its movement. Mary Lou took here eyes off of my cock long enough to turn to her friends and ask “Are your husbands bigger than that?” Emily just shyly shook her head, but Wanda said “Hell, no. I’ve been fucking a pencil.” 

I guess I was kinda wondering what we were going to do for an encore, when Wanda yelled, “Hey! Emily has something to tell us. Tell us what happened at your house this week, Emily.”

Emily frowned and said to Wanda, “Will you shut your mouth!”

Mary Lou looked puzzled. “What have you been doing that you haven’t told me, girl?” she asked. 

Emily had turned redder than before. Her freckles seemed to come together and her tits were turning from white to pink. Finally she said “Okay, I’ll tell. But each of you has to tell something on yourselves, too.”



Emily’s Story

“Mary Lou, you know that guy that lives behind me at the trailer park? I swear he’s been making passes at me for months. I just didn’t know what to make of it. And Johnny’s been drinking so much lately that we hardly ever make love. If he wants to do it, he just climbs on, sticks it in, climbs off and he’s done. I guess he’s never been that good in bed. So when David in the back kept coming on to me, I wanted to. I knew it was wrong and that God would strike me down dead if I ever did it. But I couldn’t help myself. I really wanted him to make love to me! Last Wednesday I was just being lazy, lying in bed and thinking about David and well, you know. I was getting kind of worked up. Now I don’t lie around the house in the mornings playing with myself, so you just forget I ever said that. I was horny is all. David works nights, and he always knows when I’m home. Well hell, my car sits parked right next to his window. It must have been about 11:30 in the morning when I heard a knock on my door. I was still in my baby dolls, so I cracked open the door a bit to see who it was when David just pushed his way into my house! He looked me up and down like I was the door prize at the bingo parlor and said ‘my, my sweet thing. You are what I’ve been looking for all my life.’ I was already excited and you know how I am, I can’t hide how red I turn. And those pajamas are so thin, my chest was sticking out almost as much as it is right now. I didn’t know what to do, I swear. He just stepped right up to me and took me in his arms, and kissed me. I do like kisses that don’t smell like beer. And his hands were all over me. He grabbed my behind. Then his other hand was on my chest, pinching my nipples. You know how it affects me when someone fondles my breasts! I just figured if God wanted me to stop, he wouldn’t have put me into the situation in the first damn place. I thought I was going to climax standing just inside my door. Then I realized we were standing there with the door open! I broke away from him and slammed the door shut. But he came up behind me and cupped both of my breasts in his hands. I closed my eyes and felt like swooning. He was kissing my neck, and I could feel him, you know, hard against my back side right through his pants. I swear, right then and there I would have done anything that man wanted me to do. I just couldn’t help myself! He led me into the bedroom. It’s right off of the living room, you know. This man was having his way with me, and I hadn’t spoken one word to him. He slipped down my bottoms, and lifted up my top. I was standing there in front of David in my altogether, just like I am right now. Joey, I have to tell you, you are only the third man that’s ever seen me naked. And it’s been two strange men in just a few days! I am such a harlot! He pushed me down onto the bed, and I just laid there watching as he got undressed. I thought he looked great until I saw you, Joey. I really didn’t need any preliminaries; I don’t think I had ever been so ready for it before. I expected David to just stick it right in like Johnny does. Instead he started kissing my thighs! He pushed my legs apart and kept kissing closer and closer to my, you know.” 
