 Tracy ran off to the girls' house and I high tailed it to mine to grab some new shorts since the sea had taken mine. What a glorious evening so far. Tracy was amazingly hot and I had loved being in her mouth and how tight her wet pussy had clung to my cock while I was fucking her on the beach. I hoped I would get another shot at her later when the other girls went to bed.

I grabbed some shorts and headed back over to the girls' house. When I walked in the door, Tracy was no where to be found and I didn't see Brenda either. Samantha, Darla and Sara were laughing and having a drink in the bar and they all stopped when I walked in.

"New pants Tom?" said Sara and then the three women all burst out laughing.

I blushed bright red because it was obvious what Tracy and I had been up to. Then I laughed and said, "The ocean often reclaims things that are carelessly discarded. I should pay more attention when I'm near the water."

"Tom, when things are wet, it's often hard ... to concentrate," Samantha said suggestively with a sly smile.

"Speaking of wet, would you like a drink Tom?" Sara asked.

"I'd love one. Where's Tracy and Brenda?"

"Oh, Brenda is giving Tracy a hand with something right now. She always takes care of us," said Darla who had an odd smile on her face. I could tell there was something I didn't know, but I had no idea how to pry without sounding rude.

"Here Tom, have another rye," said Sara. She looked amazing in a light sundress with a halter top on underneath. It pushed her cleavage up and out and I had a hard time looking up from her tits to her face. She didn't seem to mind though if her smile was any indication.

"Did you remember what I said earlier about bringing enough to share?"

"Why yes, I do. Is the wine gone already?"

"No, we're saving that for later. Tracy seemed very happy with your walk on the beach."

It was very odd to be sitting her with three of Tracy's friends, all of us knowing that I had just fucked her out on the beach. They didn't seem to mind and if anything the room had a definite feel of sexual tension in the air. I decided to just go with the flow, after all, we were all adults out here to have a good time.

"It was great to walk on the beach with her at night. I love the ocean and especially at night listening to the waves crash and the wind blow in."

The discussion moved on to other beaches we had all been to. It was so nice and relaxing after two good orgasms to sit back in the company of three beautiful women, have a drink, listen to the jazz and relax. I started to hear a sound coming from the back of the house, but over the conversation and the music, I couldn't quite make it out. I saw Sara give Darla a look and suddenly Darla said, "I love this song!" and she grabbed the remote and turned up the volume.

Five minutes later Brenda came into the room. She was only wearing a long t-shirt and I could see her high firm small breasts pushed against the tight fabric, her nipples poking it out even further. She stopped when she saw me sitting there, and I could tell she wanted to retreat, but just then Samantha said, "Brenda, I think Tom needs another drink, please get him a refill."

Brenda walked over to me and leaned down to take my glass. I swear I could smell pussy on her face, but for the life of me I thought I must be mistaken. When she walked away I couldn't help but check out her ass. It looked like all she was wearing was that long t-shirt. I loved watching her small hard ass as she walked into the kitchen. She had to reach up to get the rye down and as she did so her shirt came up and I got to see her naked ass. Lovely, small and round.

"Enjoying the show Tom?" Sara asked me.

"Yes, I love seeing beautiful women. It's been a long time since I've had so many beautiful women around me having a good time."

"She is lovely isn't she?"

"Sara, I appreciate a good looking woman and I think that all women who take care of their bodies are beautiful. You are absolutely stunning and if you're forcing me to say it, short blondes have always stolen my heart."

"That's nice of you to say, but you're still checking out our Asian beauty there." She said this with a smile, so I knew she wasn't upset. 

Brenda came back with my drink and when she leaned down to put it on the chair arm, her face was very close to mine. I knew I could smell pussy now and it was Tracy's pussy I was smelling!

"Did you put Tracy to bed Brenda?" asked Samantha? There was a bit of force in her voice when she said it and Brenda almost but not quite hopped to attention. "I did M... Samantha. She's sleeping now."

"Good. Since it looks like you're already ready for bed, why don't you go get some rest?" Again there was a hint of command to Samantha's voice.

"Yes. It was nice meeting you Tom," Brenda said and then she leaned down and kissed my lips. I kissed her back and when she pulled away and I licked them, I could taste Tracy. My mind was blown. I knew she must have just gone down on Tracy, that was the sounds I had heard earlier! I didn't know quite what to say and before I could come up with anything, Brenda walked back down the hallway.

The conversation picked up where we'd left it and I decided to just relax in a post sexual haze. No need to ask any questions or find any answers, just enjoy myself and let what happens happen.

We kept on talking for another hour or so and I realized that I was starting to fade. The sun, the booze and the sex (oh yes the sex!) was enough to put me out. I stifled a yawn and Sara said, "Girls, I think we've kept Tom up past his bedtime. I'm sure he needs to recover after his first day out on the beach!"

I laughed and said with a smile, "I'm pretty well recovered, but I think I will head back. Thank you all for a lovely evening, I hope to see you all on the beach tomorrow."

We all stood up and each of the women came up to me and gave me a hug. It was intoxicating to get so much beautiful female attention and I could feel myself rise to the occasion by the time Sara came up to me and hugged me. Her large breasts were smashed into my chest and I could feel her pussy grind against my hardening cock as she lingered on her hug. Her breath tickled my ear as she whispered, "I think you have recovered, at least it feels like it."

I squeezed her a little bit harder and then kissed her cheek good night. "Thank you again for inviting me over. I'm looking forward to tomorrow."

With that I headed out the door, across the sand and into my place. The dog needed one more walk, so I took him out and down along the beach. Reliving tonight's events in my head I had a raging hard one thinking about fucking Tracy on the beach. I've always loved the beach, but that was the first time I had actually fucked anyone in the water while listening to the ocean.

Finally the old dog did his business and I headed back to the house. I stripped off and hoped in the shower, washing off the salt spray and Tracy at the same time. The moon was up and the blinds were as well, so I could see just fine without the lights on to get back to the bedroom. As I walked in the bedroom, I realized that someone was in my bed! 

"Hey Tom, I hope you don't mind," said Sara. She was sitting up in my bed, the sheet pulled up over her breasts and her long blonde hair tickling the top of them. She looked glorious with the moon behind her shining into the bedroom. A vision of a fairy come to life. I was still naked and I made no move to cover up as I crossed over to the bed.

"I don't mind at all Baby." I leaned down to kiss her and she let the sheet fall as my lips met hers. Her breasts were stunning in the moonlight. Large and firm, capped with nipples as big as the end of my pinky finger and begging to be sucked on. Her lips were soft and hot against mine. Her tongue slipping along side mine as we explored each other's mouths. 

She pulled my shirt off and then pulled me down on top of her on the bed. Her skin was like soft silk as I ran my hands down her side. Damn, I loved the curves on Sara. Her tiny waist flaring out to her hips. Still kissing her, I pulled her over on top of me so I can grab her ass. Firm and round in my hands I loved it that she was naked in my bed waiting for me. She lifted up and dragged her tits over my face, soft and firm at the same time, I managed to give each nipple a lick as she moved them over my face. 

Finally I caught one in my mouth and sucked down hard on her. Stopping her from moving. I bit down lightly and she moaned so I bit down harder and sucked at the same time. Her hips bucked against me and I kept doing it. I could hear the ocean crashing in the back ground as her hands slipped between us and started pulling down my shorts. 

She pulled her nipple away from me and leaned down to bite my chest, pausing to torture a nipple before she moved her tongue lower, down over my abdomen. Reaching my shorts she grabbed with both hands and yanked them down, causing my hard cock to spring out. She let out a laugh as I bobbed around before catching me with just her mouth. I moaned in delight as she sucked the head of my cock, her tongue flicking around the underneath. Her hands moved over my thighs, down between them and she softly fondled my nuts.

"Fuck Sara, your mouth feels so good."

She smiled around my cock and moved further down the shaft. Her saliva was coating my cock now and I could feel one of her hands moving on the shaft as the other rolled my balls around. Sara pulled off my cock and said, "I love your thick cock Tom. I love the way it feels in my mouth."

She licked down my shaft, all the way to my balls before opening her mouth and sucking on them. She was slowly stroking my cock at the same time and I could feel her breasts rubbing against my thighs. Her pussy was on my knee and she was slowly rocking against it. I could feel her pussy hot and wet on me. Her scent was filling the room and driving me crazy.

I reached down and rubbed her breasts, pulling on her nipples. She liked a little pain it turned out as she started moaning around my cock and pushing further and further down the shaft. Her saliva was dripping out from around her lips, coating my cock and I could feel the tightness of her throat. She swallowed some and it was fucking unbelievable as she started deep throating me. I hadn't had a woman take me all the way down to the base in 20 years and I was loving it. I had to fight the urge to buck my hips up and just lay back and enjoy it.

I loved the way her firm large tits felt in my hand. Her nipples were engorged and elongated from me pulling on them. I was looking forward to sucking on them some more when I was fucking her. But right now, her mouth was amazing. She finally took me all the way in and held still for a moment. I could feel her throat contracting around me and she was playing with my balls. As she started to go slowly up and down on me, pulling all the way up till her tongue could lick around my cockhead and then back down, she wet her finger in the spit pooling around my balls and gently started playing with my ass.

This was new for me. Never had I had a woman do that before. But it felt great to be touched like that. Sara started pushing slightly and I felt her finger enter my ass. She was finger fucking my ass and sucking my cock and the sensations were blowing my mind. I left off playing with her tits to push her hair back and watch her sucking me. She curled her finger and as she started playing with my prostate, I knew I was going to cum. It was an orgasm like I had never had before. It felt like I was cumming from my ass and it was moving up through my body. She could tell also as my sack constricted and my cock swelled in her throat. She pulled back till just my head was in her mouth and she sucked hard as I shot jet after jet of cum.

As I stopped cumming, she let go of my cock and pulled her finger out before rubbing my cock back over her lips, squeezing out the last drops of cumming and licking her lips. She sucked me a bit more as I softened, taking all of my cock back into her mouth. It was so gentle and sexy, like she was thanking me for letting her suck me!

"God, that was amazing Darling."

"My pleasure Tom, I love your cock and your cum is tasty. I hope you have some more, because I'm not done with you yet."

With that she moved up over my body, kissing me, before rubbing her breasts across my face. I caught her nipples one at a time and sucked hard, biting them gently at first and then harder and harder. She held my head to her tits and was fucking herself on my thigh at the same time. 

"I want to taste you Sara. See that beautiful pussy over my face."

"Yes, Tom. Lick me," she whispered as she moved to straddle my face. She had a beautiful sexy pussy. Just a thin landing strip at the top and plump little inner lips that were engorged and wet from grinding on my leg. She dropped down just enough so I could suck her lips into my mouth. Moving my tongue over them, between them. Tasting her salty flavor, her clit was rubbing against my nose as I pushed my tongue deeper and deeper into her. 

She grabbed my head with both hands and started riding it. Grinding her clit against my nose and then moving up so that my tongue was flicking over it. Then she moved even further up and my tongue slipped out of her pussy, and down over her asshole. Her ring was tight and as I licked and probed it with my tongue she gradually started loosening up till I could force my tongue inside her. I'd done this years ago, and apparently it's like riding a bike, you don't forget. She was loving my tongue in her and one of her hands moved down to play with her clit at the same time.

After a good tongue fucking of her ass she moved back down on my face and said, "Suck my clit you dirty bastard. Make me cum."

I happily obliged, sucking her clit hard into my mouth, circling it with my tongue, rubbing it back and forth. I bit down on her and I could feel a gush of juice soak my beard. I loved how wet she was and her taste was incredible. 

"Oh, oh, yes, right there, fuck yes Tom, suck it, suck it... Ahhhh!"

It was a beautiful thing to feel her and watch her cum. I moved my tongue down and inside her pussy, felt her contracting around it as she gushed pussy juice onto it. I swallowed and licked up everything I could.

She fell off to the side of me and then leaned back over to kiss me. Licking my lips, tasting herself on me. "I love to smell my pussy on your face Tom. That was fantastic."

Sara was a vision to watch lying next to me. Her skin flushed, her breasts heaving with her breathing. Her nipples bright red and begging to be sucked on again. She was lazily playing with my cock and I could feel myself harden for her again. She slipped her hand down and around my balls, her finger tickling my ass again. 

She pulled her legs back and took my hand and placed it on her pussy. She was open and wet and she started humping my hand in a not so subtle invitation to fuck her. I could resist and didn't want to!

I rolled over on top of her, kissing her, biting her neck and sucking as she lined up my cock with her pussy. She played with me for a minute, coating my head in her wet pussy before sliding me inside. Fucking amazing, two women in one night after years of going without. Different then Tracy, but still the same in that it was a hot wet pussy that I was stretching out with my thick cock. She grunted as I pushed all the way in, after all she was so wet it wasn't hard at all. I love to bottom out in a woman and just hold that position for a minute, feeling her wrapped tightly around me, and then she started squeezing me with her pussy. It felt like a gloved hand that covered every inch of my cock squeezing me over and over. If I hadn't just cum, that probably would have been enough right there. 

I moved my mouth down to her breasts and started sucking on them hard again. Pulling up with her nipple caught in my teeth, hearing her moan when I did it. I started fucking her hard and deep, long strokes almost all the way out and then plunging back in again. Her clit was being dragged in with my cock on every stroke and I could tell it wasn't going to take long before she had another crashing orgasm. Finally with one long thrust, she grabbed my ass and held me tight as she fucked her hips up. Five, ten, fifteen fucks and she came, squeezing me so hard with her pussy I felt like she was trying to keep my dick as a souvenir. 

I went back to kissing her as she came down. Soft kisses on her forehead, eyes, lips, before she opened her mouth and we had a long extended kiss while I slowly rocked back and forth inside her. I could feel I was getting close again and she said,"Let me roll over Tom."

I leaned back staying inside her as she pulled her legs up and rotated her body. It felt great on my dick as she moved her whole body in a circle until she was flat on her tummy before pushing back and up till she was on her knees. "Now, fuck me with that gorgeous big cock."

Her hips were splayed out in front of me. Her asshole right above my cock deep inside her. I felt the old familiar primal urge of needing to breed this woman and let instinct take over. I started slamming into over and over. So hard that we were moving across the bed and I had to shift my knees to keep inside her. I wet my thumb and started playing with her ass before pushing it in. Fucking her hard with my cock and my thumb. It was incredible to feel my cock moving inside her through that thin membrane. Every time I pulled out, I could feel my thumb brush over the ridge of my head. She reached under us and grabbed my balls, squeezing them and pulling on them.

That did it. It was just too much to hold back any longer and I started cumming deep inside her with each stroke. Filling her pussy up with cum, I could see it getting fucked back out of her, coating her thigh and my balls. Creamy white froth was building up on her lips and the sensations of cumming again were blowing my mind. I feel forward on top of her, catching myself with my elbows. Kissing the back of her neck, biting her shoulder.

I rolled sideways taking her with me. Spooning her while I soften inside her. She was making little satisfied sounds as I reached around her and cupped her breasts. Her hand slipped down and held me inside her as we drifted off to sleep.