 Waiting in the hotel bar for Zoe Danziger, I was excited and a little apprehensive. I was a twenty year old student, not used to swanky hotel lounges, although I had been to this one twice already. On one occasion she had filmed me cumming, in a slightly strange business arrangement.

It started with an advert online, on one of those general websites, with a section for 'lifestyle,' with various sub-sections for straight, or gay people. I had been browsing, and was intrigued by an advert wanting men who were 'heavy cummers', a term used by some folk. Now I had always produced copious amounts of semen, and every time I masturbated I had to have tissues at the ready.

It said, 'if selected, remuneration will be provided,' so as a hard up student I was up for earning a few quid. I sent the email, and a reply came back the same evening.

Half expecting some sort of scam, I was surprised by an invitation to an interview that Thursday, at 2pm in the 'Windsor' meeting room, at the Regency Hotel. It all seemed very official, and business-like.

Thursday arrived, and I rather nervously, asked at reception for the Windsor meeting room. Following the receptionist's directions, I was greeted outside the room by a rather attractive young woman, in her mid twenties. She checked my name, and asked me to take a seat, and 'Zoe Danziger' would be with me soon. She disappeared into the room, to reappear a few minutes later, and escort me through the door.

"Come in, Mr Jacobs, and take a seat, may I call you Tom?"

I was offered the seat on the opposite side of a desk from Zoe Danziger, who was a blonde woman in her fifties, dressed in a dark formal business suit, a tailored jacket, and skirt, with black high heeled shoes.

"Yes, of course," I replied uncertainly.

"Thank you for coming, you must be wondering what this is all about." 

Zoe Danziger, was very assertive in the way she spoke. As a young student I'd not met many very direct and confident women from the business world.

"Yes I am, but it sounded interesting."

"Let me be clear from the start Tom, this is not for cheap thrills. I jointly own a film production company, specialising in pornography. We are currently seeking men who are very 'productive' where semen is concerned. If successful they will be filmed 'anonymously' producing as much as they can. I should make it clear that your face will never appear in these films."

As she spoke, the young assistant was seated at the end of the desk, making notes on a clipboard.

"There will be a small payment for your services, a sum of fifty pounds."

It wasnt much, but as a student it was the equivalent of three nights working in a local bar.

"Yes, I'd be interested in that," I replied.

"Right. Ok Tom, there is one more hurdle. You understand that men have big egos so we have to have a small test. You will go with Sophie to one of the bedrooms, and you will show her what you can produce. Don't get any ideas, it will simply be a 'donation.' There will be a 'minder' in the next room. When you've finished you will return to me here. Any questions?"

"No," I stuttered a reply.

Sophie stood up, and I followed her nervously to the lift. On the third floor we entered room 303. It was larger than the usual bedroom, and Sophie, in a calm voice, instructed me to sit on the bed. 

"I'm simply going to ask you to drop your trousers, and masturbate into this bowl. I appreciate that you may not be aroused as yet, but to help I will switch on the tv. When you've cum there are tissues here. Afterwards we'll go back downstairs."

With that she pressed the remote and a porn film began playing.

Self consciously I unzipped myself, and dropped my trousers, and boxers. Sophie watched as I took my flaccid cock, and tried to stimulate some life into it. The bowl beside me on the bed waited expectantly. 

Looking to the tv, I watched as two men took it in turns to fuck a shapely black girl, who was expressing herself very loudly. Slowly as I massaged my cock it began to grow, and I actually found it more of a turn on to look at Sophie's face, as she watched, seemingly unemotional, It took most of five minutes to approach my destination. Watching Sophie, and hearing the black girl cumming a second, or third time, I picked up the bowl, and as quietly as I could, began to ejaculate into it. Fortuitously, I presented one of my best productions, with my cock spurting time, and time again, covering the bottom of the bowl with a generous amount of semen. Sophie's mask of disinterest slipped for a moment, as I thought I heard her utter, "Wow," under her breath.

I reached for the tissues, and pulled up my trousers, and Sophie, who had turned off the tv, showed me out of the door, and accompanied me to the lift. For a brief moment in the lift I caught Sophie's eye, and just for a split second I imagined a spark. But then the lift door opened, and I followed her back to the Windsor room.

After a brief wait, I was shown back into the room to see Zoe Danziger once again.

"Most impressive, I've been told Tom, so are you happy to go ahead and be filmed?"

"Yes, I'm happy with that. When is it likely to be?"

Zoe, looked over at Sophie, I wasn't sure quite why she did that, and she then said, " Next Tuesday, here at this hotel, in the afternoon? Is that ok Sophie?"

Sophie nodded, and I said,"That's fine for me."

"One last thing Tom, don't masturbate, or have sex before then, we want a good amount, like today." She paused, and looked at me with piercing blue eyes. "And finally, as I said it will be anonymously filmed, however, you won't be masturbating into a bowl, you will be cumming over Sophie's face."

My mouth dropped open, and a brief look at Sophie's smiling face, made me a garbling mess. Finally I just said," Omg, yes, ok."

"I'll see you on Tuesday then," said Sophie as she showed me out of the door and said 'goodbye.'

I went back to my house in a bit of a haze. The afternoon had seemed bizarre. Now I was set up to be a bit of a 'porn star' with a sexy woman five years older than me, organised by a woman 'porn' producer, thirty plus years older than me. I knew this had to be my own secret.

By the following Tuesday my balls were aching to cum. I arrived at the hotel, and this time instructions had been left at reception to go up to room 512 on the top floor. Tapping on the door a guy in his sixties welcomed me inside. Lights were set up around a bed in the centre of the room. There were two cameras on tripods, and a couple of microphones suspended near the ceiling.

"Come on in," said Zoe from across the room, "Come and sit down over here."

There was no sign of Sophie, or indeed anyone else.

"Now let me tell you what's gonna happen, and what's expected of you," Zoe was back in assertive mode. "Sophie will be naked, propped up on the bed. You will be naked too, and you will climb astride her legs with your bottom half in camera shot, close to her chest and head. She will take your cock in her mouth, and get you aroused. How much she sucks you is down to her, but most importantly is that when you get close to cumming you start wanking your cock, and shoot everything over her face. The other important thing is that neither of you speak, make as much noise groaning, or breathing, but no words. Any questions?"

"No, I'm cool with that," I replied, more confident now that I knew exactly what to do.

The old guy was obviously the camera man, although Zoe had a hand held camera as well. 

"Ok Tom, strip off, and Pete, get Sophie in."

I undressed, as Pete went and opened a door to the adjoining room. Sophie stepped into the room with the broadest smile, and the most fabulous naked body I'd ever seen. Perfect breasts, slim waist, broad hips, shaved pussy, and wonderful thighs. She had been made up exquisitely, and as she climbed onto the bed she cheekily said to me, "I hope you've got a lot for me Tom!"

"Ok, quiet everyone, we're switching on."

Sophie settled back on the bed, propped against several pillows, and Zoe motioned for me to climb onto the bed.

Straddling Sophie's thighs as I'd been instructed, my cock was already starting to stiffen. I could smell the scent of sex coming from her body heat along with the expensive perfume she had used in preparation for this film. When erect I'm about seven inches, and as soon as the smiling Sophie took the head in her mouth it became rock hard. Her hand grasped the base as she started to slide her mouth up and down the shaft. She took great delight in dribbling saliva down its length. I could feel it going right to the back of her mouth. She was teasing me now, but there was one extra talent that she had. She took two thirds of my length deep in her mouth and then she pushed. I felt the head of my cock enter her throat until her face pressed up against my abdomen. She held it there for maybe five seconds and then releaed me in a gurgling gasp. Great slavers of spit and saliva dribbled from her mouth and from the end of my cock. And then, with me watching in amazement, she took me again, this time holding me for longer. Twice more, and her face was smeared with drool, and perspiration.

The time had come for me to let go. I couldn't last any longer. 

I took my cock which was slippery with spit, and slid my hand up and down. Sophie was smiling and had opened her mouth in preparation for me cumming.

I knew I was ready, I could feel the tension building between my legs. I straightened my back, and positioned my cock closer to her face. 

The first spurt of cum spread in a long squirt across one cheek, her nose, her right eye and up across her forehead into her hair. The second spread across the other cheek, her top lip, and into her mouth, the third went partly into her mouth, and down her chin. As it dribbled from the tip of her chin down onto her throat, the rest of my orgasm oozed out onto her breasts and nipples.

Sophie's tongue looped out to gather in any semen that it could reach, and at the same time she sucked my cock once more, cleaning, and taking in the residue.

Zoe signalled to wait just a few more seconds to show Sophie licking her lips and wiping more spunk into her mouth with her fingers, before saying, "It's a wrap," as all film directors do.

I stood up feeling a little embarrassed, standing there naked while Sophie was using a towel to wipe my semen from her face, and hair.

"Well done Tom," Zoe was enthusiastic. "We might have found a star, what do you think Sophie?"

"I think he shows promise," replied Sophie giggling.

We both got dressed, and Pete served up coffee. While we chatted Zoe seemed to become more relaxed. She explained that she and Pete would edit the footage, and I could see it when that was done.

"I'll text you probably the middle of next week Tom, and we can meet up and take a look at it"

I told Zoe that I'd love to see it. I gave both of them my mobile number, and said goodbye to all three of them.

And so there I was waiting for Zoe, heart beating quickly, and looking forward to my preview of the video.

When Zoe arrived she was back in business suit mode. She sat down opposite me in one of the leather seats and signalled a waiter to bring us a couple of drinks. I had beer, Zoe had a artisan gin with ice.

"So tell me Tom, be honest, what did you think of last week?"

"The whole thing has been so new to me, exciting but a little scary at times. I guess I'm frightened of being found out by someone who knows me."

"Perfectly natural, I understand that. You'll see that there's no chance of that in this video, unless someone is watching it that has a very intimate knowledge of your body."

"Hmmmmmmm, not much chance of that."

"Does that mean your sexual experience is limited? Sorry Tom I'm being too nosey."

"That's ok, but sadly you're pretty much correct."

Finishing her drink, Zoe suggested we go and see the video. She'd already booked a room so leading the way we got the lift. 

Her perfume filled the small space, and following her along the corridor I had the opportunity take in the way she moved. For a much older woman she had wonderful calves, and a beautiful ass.

In the room I sat in the armchair, and Zoe synced the laptop with the tv. She took off her jacket, and kicked off her heels, before settling on the bed leaning against the padded headboard.

"You ready?" Her smile broadened.

"Yep," I said nervously.

Zoe pressed 'play.'

I was mesmerised, and strangely aroused. I was also conscious of Zoe watching my reaction. When it came to the moment that I erupted Zoe actually said, "Wow Tom, I feel a bit jealous of Sophie."

I blushed deeply red.

"I must tell you Tom, I've been in porn most of my life, in fact I was an actress like Sophie years ago. I know you're studying at uni and you have responsibilities, but you have potential in this business."

"You're very flattering Zoe, but that career path is risky."

Zoe smiled, "It could be possible to do both, but I'm no person to say. Tom you're so much younger than me, you have to make your own decisions. I'm glad you enjoyed making the video, I know Sophie did, and even at her age she's made a few videos. I miss some of those days myself. I must have made at least a hundred in my time."

"Wow Zoe, I don't think I've ever seen you on any I've watched."

"You wouldn't Tom, they'd be quite old fashioned now."

"I will have to search online," I chuckled.

"No need to, if you want to, I've got a lot of them on here."

"Really? I darent ask...dare I?"

Reaching forward she pressed a few keys and up on the tv came, 'Zoe Gets Her Reward.'

I watched fascinated as a much younger Zoe appeared on screen in a storyline that wasn't that strong but very soon became very explicit. Two men took it turns to fuck her, she came at least three times, and ended up having one cum in her pussy, and one in her mouth. Throughout the fifteen minutes we were both silent, the noises on screen filling the room. I fidgeted, trying to disguise my stiff cock. 

The film came to an end and Zoe slipped off the bed, unbuttoning her red blouse, and letting it drop to the floor. Quickly her skirt followed, as she said, "Tom, not quite the young body you saw there, but I can see it had an effect."

Zoe was standing there in red bra, red panties, red suspender belt and black stockings.

"Tom, I want you."

I didn't know what to say, but my basic instinct was telling me that I wanted her too. My cock was hard, my heart was pumping faster. I stood up and removed my trousers and boxers. My cock stood out pointing at Zoe. She came closer and unbuttoned my shirt, at the same time she kissed my neck.

"Go and lay down on the bed Tom." 

Zoe unclipped her bra, and shuffled out of her panties, before she knelt beside me on the bed. I was watching her face as she lifted one knee over my body. I saw her eyes flutter and close as I felt her pussy open around my cock. Sinking down she gasped softly. "Oh Tom, it's been a long time, I want you to fuck me."

I pushed inside her, and she rolled onto her back, and wrapped her legs around my buttocks. I was able to take her nipples between my lips, and in turn suck them gently. Starting to thrust I could feel her responding, her hips moving in time to mine.

Slowly I could feel her excitement building, her finger nails were digging into my back as she started to pant. I lowered my head to kiss her and her tongue thrust into my mouth, her whole body was arching upwards, her legs gripping me even tighter. I knew she was about to cum when she cried out my name.

She shuddered underneath me, her pussy swallowing me even more deeply. 

"Don't stop, Tom, don't stop." And I didn't. I kept thrusting, first slowly, then faster, and again she started to pant. It was all I could do to stay inside her such was the violence of her bucking hips. As she came a second time, I felt my own orgasm approaching. Gasping and shaking below me, I lifted myself up and sat astride her chest, pushing my buttocks against her breasts I started to squirt my spunk over her face, just as I had done with Sophie. Zoe's face was covered in cum, her tongue lapping any semen around her mouth. As the last of it dribbled out of my cock, she reached up and squeezed the remainder between her lips. 

I looked down at her spunk covered eyes, her eyelids stuck together with gooey cum.

"Fuck, you're good Tom, you're better than most of those that fucked me in the old days."

I just smiled.

I left the hotel later with fond memories of Zoe, but with her offer of becoming a porn star, ringing in my ears. For the next couple of weeks I got down to studying with very little socialising. Whether it was the darker winter evenings, or the stress of upcoming exams, but something made me weak, when I got, first a text, and then a call from Sophie. 

"Hi Tom, it's Sophie, would you like to go for a drink, I'd love to catch up."

So fed up was I, that I said 'yes,' and later met her at a pub in town.

It was just what I needed, we got on like a house o fire, and strangely nothing was said about our video. It seemed perfectly natural when she invited me back for coffee, and we went to bed together. The sex was great, almost as though we knew which of each other's buttons to press automatically. We made love several times before dawn and even after breakfast we had each other in the shower.

Before I left for home in the morning though, came Sophie's spoiler. 

"Would you consider making another film with me Tom?"

"Oh Sophie, you didn't phone me so that you could get me to do that did you? Please don't spoil the memory of last night."

"No, no I promise, I just felt this morning after all that fantastic sex, that it might be fun."

"Zoe hasn't put you up to it?"

"Nooooooo, but obviously I'd suggest it to her, I know she jump at the chance to get you to do another one. It just seems that the chemistry we had last night would come across in a video."

"Hmmmmm, I'll think about it, but if it's full sex how are you going to make it anonymous, there's no way I'd show my face?"

"Let me ask Zoe at least, she's very creative."

"Ok," I knew I was at a weak moment so I agreed and the next day Zoe phoned and a date was made. I told her that this was a 'one off' and there had to be a plan for anonymity.