 I had been chatting and emailing with Sarah for a while when we finally decided to meet. We had talked several times about where we could go and finally after much debate, we decided to meet at a beachfront hotel in Hawaii on the island of Kona. It was the perfect setting for our first rendezvous. 

I arrived at the hotel a little late as my flight was delayed. After I went through all the check in information I asked the clerk if another guest by the name of Sarah had checked in. My stomach twisted and turned as she checked her computer. Unfortunately she had not yet arrived so I decided to take a shower and clean up before going down to have a late dinner. I showered quickly and dressed in a pair of loose fitting shorts and a white button down island shirt. 

I tried to act calm as I arrived at the desk and asked again if Sarah had arrived. This time they told me she had left a message for me to meet her for drinks at the beachfront bar at 10:00. My heart quickened as she relayed the message. I was so nervous and excited I forgot completely about eating and went directly to the bar to wait. Two drinks and several words with the shapely female bartender later and the clock finally read ten o'clock. 

I looked all around the bar and to my disappointment I did not see anyone that quite looked like Sarah. I had seen several pictures of Sarah but I also knew that pictures between Internet dates sometimes were not exactly true to life. In her emails she had described herself as having an average body, long red hair, and bright blue eyes. No one around came close to that description. I ordered another drink and waited patiently hoping she had not gotten scared and decided not to meet me. Another hour slipped by and I was beginning to worry when I pair of hands reached around and covered my eyes. 

"Am I late? I hope the anticipation was worth the wait?" It was a soft familiar voice that shook me to the core. 

I reached up, took her hands, pulled them down to my mouth, and glided my tongue across her palms before turning around to see her. I couldn't believe my eyes, she was so much different than what I had expected. She had cut her hair to just above the shoulders and had obviously been working out. She was by no means the owner of an average body. She was beautiful. Her voluptuous breasts were barely covered by the soft yellow cotton dress she was wearing and her blue eyes shined like pools of water in the near darkness. 

Her soft, thin lips spread wide into a sexy smile that took my breath away. I could feel the stirring of my cock as the sight of her enthralled me. The light scent of her perfume wafted to me and I knew I would never again be the same. I slid my arms around her neck and kissed her softly on the mouth, my tongue moved against her lips, which parted to let it in. Our tongues swirled around one another as our bodies pressed closely together. 

Her firm breasts pressed against me. I could feel her hard nipples pushing into my flesh. I pushed my hands up and began to caress her shoulders and back. I was mildly surprised and extremely happy to find she was not wearing a bra under her dress. She began to move her hands down my back and rested them on my hips. Wrapping her fingers on my belt loops she pulled me closer to her and slowly started grinding against me. 

"Mmmm you feel so good," she whispered in my ear. 

Lightly her warm tongue caressed my outer ear. I could feel my cock begin to drip with pre cum. If she kept up I would lose my load. Hesitantly we pulled away from each other and sat down for a drink. We sat close together on the same side of the booth. I placed my hand over her shoulder and she placed hers in my lap. 

"I've waited so long for this," she said as she laid her head on my shoulder. 

I pulled her closer to me and lightly kissed the top of her head. Her red hair smelled of roses, it was so intoxicating. We chatted for a while longer and then decided to take a walk down on the beach near the warm ocean water. I did my best to focus on the beautiful ocean but I could not take my eyes off her. A warm breeze gently blew her hair around and I could tell by the way she held me close that she wanted me as much as I did her. 

We stopped a little ways from the hotel and I pulled her to me for another long kiss. Our bodies melted together into a warm, loving embrace. My hands gently massaged down her back and onto her firm thighs. Slowly I caressed my way down to the edge of her dress. I pulled up the hem and slid my hands under caressing her bare thighs and stopping when I reached her luscious ass. I kneaded her cheeks and pulled her hips against me. My hard manhood pressed against her warm pussy through the fabric. 

Her nails pressed against the small of my back as she returned my eager thrusts. She pulled her lips away from mine and looked around. I could see the mischief in her eyes as she grabbed my hand mine and led me into a nearby dark alley. There amongst the shadows we began to kiss. My back was pressed against the hotel wall, as her lips devoured mine her hand slowly unzipped my shorts. 

I pulled my lips away from hers and let out a moan as her long fingers wrapped themselves around my throbbing cock. 

"Mmmm," I moaned. 

She kissed her way down my neck as she slowly began to stroke me. I was oozing pre cum more than ever before. She used it to coat my cock. Very slowly her hand inched its way down to my freshly shaved nut sac. Feeling the warmth of her palm grasp my balls tightly made my head spin. 

"Oh yes baby, squeeze them." 

With her large breasts pressed against my chest she rubbed my cock to the edge of explosion. 

"Fuck baby, I'm gonna shoot," I said. 

Carefully she pulled her hand out of my shorts. My pre cum glistened on her fingers. She brought her fingers to her lips and slowly licked off all of the pre cum. My cock was so hard it ached pressed against my shorts. At that moment more than anything I wanted to bury it inside her love box. 

With passion in my eyes I picked her up, she wrapped her legs around my waist and I pressed her back to the wall. My hands grasped at her skirt as I furiously ripped away her silky thong. She wrapped her arms around my neck and tangled them into my hair pulling it ruggedly as my cock pressed against the drenched opening of her love canal. She gasped as my thick, hard cock spread her lips and slowly entered her. The inner folds of her flesh squeezed and pulled at my manhood as I slowly moved my cock in deeper. Her muscles clenched and her moans of passion filled my ears as she nibbled and sucked on my neck. 

I squeezed her ass and pulled her forward plunging the full length of my shaft into her and held it there until her squeals of hunger became almost whimpers of desire and then I slowly raised her and plunged her down onto it again. 

"Fuck your pussy is so tight," I said as the tightness of her flesh and the heat of her juices ran down between my legs and covered my thighs. 

We kissed and swallowed each other's tongues passionately. Slowly I slid one hand and moved one of my fingers into her ass and began to move it in and out in rhythm with our pelvic thrusts. My cock began to swell even more and I knew I was about to explode but I managed to withstand it briefly hoping to induce her to cum with me. I lowered my head and began to suck her hard nipples through the fabric of her dress while my finger and cock continued to explore her lower body. 

She squeezed her legs tightly around my hips. I turned and pressed her back to the wall and began to hammer my cock deep into her. 

"Yes, faster…faster," she moaned loudly as her burning cunt squeezed me even harder. 

Her body began to quake and the heated passion between us caused me to lose control. My cum shot deep inside of her. 

"Fuck…fuck…I'm gonna cum…I'm gonna cum," she screamed loudly. 

Our juices mixed inside of her and with each new thrust began to flow out around me and down my legs. I clamped my mouth over hers and we kissed deeply, feeding on each other's breathless passion. Our bodies became one and we knew this was going to be an awesome adventure. 

Her legs slowly drifted down and I held her close until my now limp cock slid out of her. She pulled her dress down and dropped to her knees and began to clean our juices off of me. Then she stood up and we kissed again. The taste of our lovemaking shared between us. 

It took a minute for us to gain our composure. Ours eyes stared into each other as lightly I brushed a strand of hair away from her beautiful face. We left our secret spot and began to walk further down the beach. We came to a secluded spot and sat on the warm sand. We kissed and held each other as the tide began to roll in. Before long we were laying side by side our hot bodies rubbing together. My cock began to grow again and I found it pressing against her warm pussy again. 

We were covered under a blanket of stars and for a brief moment it felt as if we were the only two people in the world. Her ample breasts pressed against my chest made me yearn for them. Our hands tore at each other's clothes until our skins were bare against the sand. I rolled over and pressed my body on top of hers. My throbbing rod ached for release. I pulled my lips away from hers and straddled her waist. 

I looked down at her; she was like a sea goddess waiting for me. Her large round nipples stood at attention. She smiled and pressed her breasts together creating a perfect crevice for my erection. I didn't take my eyes off hers as I moved up and slid my cock in between her luscious breasts. Slowly I started grinding my hips against her. The way her breasts wrapped around my cock sent me into high gear. I could see in the expression of her face that she loved it as much as I was. I had never done this to a woman but it had been one of my biggest fantasies. My nut sac grew tighter as I continued to fuck her breasts. I could feel my body tense up as it prepared for its release. 

"Are you going to cum baby?" she licked her lips in anticipation. "Give it to me." 

I tried to resist but her words were too much for me. My back arched as the head of my cock exploded with cum. Streams of white cream covered her neck and face. I pulled off her and she took me between her lips, eagerly taking the rest of my cum. She continued to suck me as my cock softened, leaving me clear of any trace of cum. 

I lay back down next to her and began to kiss and suck my cum from her neck and face. Then we shared my seed in an incredible kiss. The warm air rolled over us as our naked bodies curled around each other. The sky began to get brighter as dawn would be here very soon. We cuddled and kissed one another lovingly when the waves for the ocean reached us and began to wash over and around us. 

I rolled over onto my back and pulled her on top of me. My cock stirred and hardened as our bodies clenched together. The water washed over our heated bodies but it wasn't enough to subside the burning passion. She pulled away from me and turned around placing her wet pussy over my face and lowering it gently down onto my waiting mouth. I snaked my tongue out and slid it easily inside of her causing her to growl and moan with desire. Not to be outdone she began to stroke my cock and placed her mouth over the tip and slid it into her mouth. I softly licked and sucked her love canal, the taste of me still very evident. 

Her juices flowed down into my mouth and I swallowed them hungrily. Her lips and tongue assaulted my rod and the sucking and licking she was doing was completely beyond compare. I moved my hands up and squeezed her ass pulling her down harder onto my tongue. I licked her inner walls for a few moments before moving my tongue lower and taking her clit into my mouth and sucking it firmly. I flicked my tongue over and around it until she began to growl lower and send more juices down over my face. 

My cock reached full length as Susan moved down on me and slid it deep into her pussy. I watched her from behind as her ass moved up and down. I could see my cock spreading her pussy lips clearly. I put my hands on her hips and pushed her up and down on my shaft. I then slid my fingers between her ass cheeks and began to rub her anus with my thumb. The moisture of our lovemaking covered my hand as I slowly slipped my thumb into her ass and began to fuck her with it. I could feel my cock moving inside of her against my thumb and I knew it would not be much longer before I exploded inside of her again. 

All at once her hips began to shudder and she let out a load moan and she screamed loudly. Her inner muscles clenched my cock and her ass muscles squeezed my thumb. At the same moment I shot my hot thick cum deep inside of her, painting her inner folds thoroughly. I sat up as I came and pulled her upright and kissed her lightly on the neck and began to lightly nibble her neck while the waves of orgasm hammered and flowed over and through me. 

Exhausted she rested her head on my shoulder our bodies melting into one. Like the waves that washed over us a huge flow of emotion overcame us both. It was the realization that she was the person I wanted to be with forever.