 I saw the trajectory of his gaze and leaned forward to show him more. Upright, I knew this blousy coverup was sheer enough to clearly show my bikini which in turn was just barely up to the task of containing my breasts. As I leaned toward him, pretending to have trouble hearing him over the waves, I knew he could now clearly see the divide between my breasts.

I've spent a lot of my life trying to cover up, to hide my generous tits. I hate it when guys stare at my chest. But Alex had already made it clear that he was interested in me, not just the components, but the entire package. I knew I was about to fuck him and I had no worries about it; he'd shown himself to be smart and funny as well as hot. I'd been celibate for way too long.

That being the case, I was going to make sure that we both enjoyed our first lovemaking very thoroughly.

I walked back into the condo to retrieve the bottle of wine from the fridge, and reaching from behind him to refill his glass, I let my left breast graze his bare shoulder.

Such a small touch, but so gratifying. Not only did he freeze in his chair but his words trailed off, leaving me entirely unsure of his opinion on ...hm, what had he been talking about?

After filling my own glass, I sat down again, but this time I sat next to him rather than across the table. I stretched out my foot, letting it lightly brush his. He looked at me with the most appealing mixture of uncertainty and desire.

So I leaned in again, this time to kiss him. It was slow and hesitant, at first. But when we broke away to look at each other the doubts had faded.

This time when I kissed him he caught my wrist and gently but firmly pulled me towards him. I obliged, letting him tug me out of my chair so that I was standing in front of him. Again, I bent over, slowly, to remind him to take another look down my top, and then I kissed him again, opening my mouth to suck on his lower lip.

When he released my wrists I raked my nails oh-so-lightly down his chest and felt his nipples harden. Meanwhile our lips and tongues continued to explore each other and my breathing was getting pretty ragged.

It was my turn to grab his arms and pull him out of his chair. I didn't stop kissing him but opened one eye to aim both of us at the chaise longue just a few feet away. He landed with an "Oof!" and I chuckled as I threw one leg over him so that I was straddling him and the chair but no longer touching him at all.

Standing over him, I paused to appreciate the sight before me. He looked disheveled, breathless and wanting. He wore nothing but swim trunks and they were now a little tented. Looking pointedly at his crotch, I licked my lips.

I was beginning to reach for him when he suddenly sat up. Taken off-balance, I stepped back and looked at him in confusion. Had he changed his mind? Shit. Just as I felt the blush of embarrassment begin to bloom on my face he grinned and stepped toward me again, extending his hand.

"No, baby. I'm not at all done with you, But let's go where we have some privacy." It was almost a growl and deep inside me I felt some powerful visceral reactions. He led me back inside, past the living room where we'd kicked off our shoes a while ago and into the bedroom. He spun on me and closed the gap between us, grasping me by the wrist. It was almost too tight, his grip, but when I looked back into his face I saw a bright look of mischief there. Stepping close, he grasped the bottom of my coverup and lifted it over my head. Then he reached behind me, lightly tracing my spine from the nape of my neck to the very top of my bikini bottoms. Involuntarily I shuddered at the lightness of his touch. God, I love to be teased! He kissed me, playing with my tongue and creating a slight vacuum that sucked the breath out of me as he continued to lightly fondle my back and shoulders.

Finally he cupped my shoulder with the palm of his hand, circling the soft roundness there. As his hand moved around to the front again he removed all the contact except his index finger which then drew a line down the triangle of my bikini top. My breath caught in my throat as he traced the suit's line from my shoulder to the center of my chest. Then on the return trip, he gently pushed the fabric to the side, exposing more of my soft untanned breast. He curled his finger, reaching into the suit to brush the nipple and make me gasp. He drew the same path several more times, each time pushing the soft triangle further away until my breasts were fully exposed and the fabric was bunched uselessly at the outside of my tits.

Then he finally did it; he laced his fingers in the upper ties of my bikini top and pulled. My breasts sprang free and he made a guttural noise then stepped in to kiss me while his fingers played with my nipple and his palm gently cupped the full breast. He was clearly paying attention to my reactions, since he quickly adapted; his touch became gentler, teasing so that I arched toward him, asking for his touch.

His kisses grew more pressing and he drove me back against the wall. Once I had its support he stepped back and dropped to his knees in front of me. If there's a more erotic sight than a gorgeous man on his knees in front of me, I haven't yet seen or imagined it. I was practically purring.

And then he locked eyes with me and reached for the string ties on my bikini bottom.

Oh god, yes.

First I felt his hot breath as he hovered before me. Then, just barely, the tip of his tongue lapped me and I sighed, one giant exhale as a wave of sensation rushed over me. I groped for the wall's support, pushing my hips forward to give him easier access to me. Wherever he wanted to be, I wanted him there.

All of a sudden I became aware of my own voice huskily encouraging his exploration. I was teaching him where to go and where to leave off, an erotic game of hotter/colder. And he was getting it. Oh lord, was he getting it. This man already knew what to do, he just needed feedback on how to do it to me.

He started slow and easy and I could feel myself opening to him. By the time he was taking long, full laps of my pussy lips with the flat of his tongue, I could no longer trust my legs to hold me up. I grabbed him by the hair and pulled, bringing his glistening face up to mine. I kissed the slickness off of him and, putting one hand flat on his chest, I shoved him onto the bed.

Stepping up, I stood between his legs for a moment and let his anticipation build. Then I bent over at the waist, letting my breasts and my hair fall forward as I very lightly ran my fingers from his knees up his thighs, carefully avoiding his cock and eventually reaching his nipples. I bent further, so that my hair was tickling his chest.

I looked up at his face. His eyes were glazed and glued to me. I smiled mischievously and again licked my lips. I laced my fingers in the waistband of his trunks and pulled them down those toned legs. Now my fingers moved slowly but unmistakably toward his cock. The first touch, very light, rewarded me with a gasp and a low moan. I circled the base with my fingers loosely and drew up toward the tip, eyes never leaving his face. The smile that had been playing at his lips was gone, replaced with an intent look.

I continued to play with him, drawing the skin up toward the tip, letting my fingers explore his balls, alternating between a firm and light touch. When his breathing was uneven, almost gasping, I leaned in more, letting my erect nipple graze his penis. Rewarded with a ferocious groan, I bent over further, tucking his cock into the space between my breasts.

"Oh god. Yes. In your tits."

He reached down, curling his palms around my breasts and then pushing them together to envelop his hardness. His eyes rolled entirely back in his head and I found myself moaning as he thrust between my tits. My own soft skin was so sensitive, and I could feel the wetness pooling between my legs.

He grabbed my hair and growled as his hips lifted into me one last time, then he raised himself onto his right elbow and rolled over violently, trapping me below He smelled sweaty and musky and hot. So fucking male.

His kiss was ferocious and his hands were still in my hair. As his tongue explored my mouth he tugged my hair to bend my head back and expose my neck. His free hand ran from my chin down my neck lightly to again cup my tit and I arched to push it further into his hand. His fingers tightened, gripping so that his fingers bit into the soft flesh.

I could feel his hardness against my leg and maneuvered until it was aimed at the vee between my legs. His kisses slowed as he got distracted by the wetness there and he leaned back, looking at me questioningly. I said, "Yes. Now. Where are they?" and immediately understanding me, he reached for the drawer on his bedside stand, pulling out a packet. I took it from him, sliding out from underneath him and peering into the drawer. Aha, there it was. I grabbed the lube and dripped it directly onto his cock, loving his groans as I rubbed it thoroughly on. Only then did I open the packet and roll the condom over him, receiving more appreciative groans for my initiative. Then using the lube remaining on my fingers to further slick my nether lips, I kneeled above him, rotating my hips as I toyed with him, just barely letting the tip touch my labia and rocking forward to bring it into direct contact with my clit. Oh god, that felt good. I rocked back and forth a few times, my moans getting louder and louder.

Now when I looked at him, I could see his clenched teeth. He was determined not to rush me but his effort was visible on his sweaty brow. I finally lined up with him and impaled myself on that rock-hard cock.  "Oh fucking god!"

"Yes, oh my god yes."

Now he was with me again, our eyes locked together as I set a pace. I was rocking back and forth, using internal muscles to massage his cock even as that cock massaged my own g-spot. My moans were getting deeper and more incoherent and I was finding it harder and harder to maintain myself upright. He saw my strain and rolled us both over, taking advantage of the new position to roughly caress my breasts again.

He'd slipped out as we rearranged ourselves. Now, holding his upper body above me with his elbows, he brought his face to mine, kissing me deeply. Then he pulled back, staring into my eyes as he aimed and thrust forward. My eyes widened as I felt his cock push deep inside me but I held his gaze. "Oh god!" as he began thrusting slowly and rotating his hips. I felt pressure flit across my g-spot and started to lose myself. My own lubrication flowed out to smooth his passage and the sounds of our fucking got wetter and hotter.

I reached around him, tangling my fingers in his hair and holding tight. I pulled his face back to mine and kissed him again, biting his lips and running my tongue roughly across the inside of his lip. His hand went back to my tit, gripping so hard I ached. I arched to meet his thrusts and grabbed his ass, encouraging him to move hard and fast.

"Fuck, Jess, I -- oh god, that feels so good." His eyes rolled back in his head when I reached between us and caressed his balls. I could see he was getting close and trying desperately to hold off. I applied pressure the spot between his cock and his butthole and heard him groan again. He looked up, saying "Oh baby, we've gotta slow down."

 I grinned full in his face and told him "Oh no we don't, baby. I'm going to make sure you come. And hard."

With that I slid up him, making his cock slide out of my cunt. His look of disappointment faded fast when he realized I was slithering down the bed to slide the condom off and take him back into my mouth. I circled my fingers around his balls and licked the length of his shaft before taking it fully in. I flattened my tongue against him and used my nails to play with the soft skin of his upper thighs.

The poor guy was still holding his own weight on his elbows, so I moved to the side and grabbed his pelvis. Without letting his cock go, I shifted us so that I was again on top. I wasted no time circling his dick with my index finger and thumb and did not release the pressure until I sensed his imminent orgasm. And then it was only to wrap my entire hand around his cock and pump in concert with my mouth.

I reached down to play with my own wetness at this point and put the fingers to his lips getting an appreciative moan for thanks. I heard the unmistakable signs that he was about to come and then it happened, with him grabbing the sheet with one hand and my hair with the other. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh YES, baby!"

I sucked the last drops of cum off of him and crawled up to kiss him, wearing a self-satisfied grin. He saw this, laughed and immediately threw me on my back. "Hey baby, now it's your turn." His hand snaked out again for the open drawer of the bedside table and returned with -- bless the man -- a Hitachi Magic Wand. He plugged the thing into the wall beside the bed. But he then laid it aside and turned back to me. "You are so fucking beautiful, Jess. And I can not wait to watch you come."

I felt his lips close around my right nipple and his hand gently cup my left tit. I threw my arms over my head and lay back helplessly, my legs splayed open. This man knew exactly what he was doing. He moved over, tonguing my left nipple and trailing his hand down to my pussy. Lord knows there was plenty of lubrication for him as his finger slowly played with my pussy lips, running their length and then teasing them aside so that he could push the pad of his finger inside. "Oh! Yes! There, yes there!"

As his finger slid easily inside me, I felt myself arch entirely off the bed. He maneuvered his index finger to find my g-spot and began sliding back and forth against it. The low growl I answered him with surprised both of us. He withdrew the finger, earning an unhappy moan from me, but replaced it with two fingers and negotiated enough of a change in position that the two fingers were aimed directly up at that special spot. I felt the classic "come hither" gesture as he began fingering me in earnest. Jesus, he knew how to do this! I was consciously trying to still my body's thrashing so that it didn't keep him from his target. Using his left hand, he pushed down on my pubic bone, creating pressure against the g-spot from the outside of my body too. Oh my god. Yes and fucking yes, yes, yes!

I was getting close, but wasn't sure how long it would take, so I blindly reached for the Magic Wand he'd left at my side. Obligingly, he moved his left hand to leave room and I applied the vibrator to my clit.

"Fuck! Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck." erupted from me as I felt the early wave sensation. He didn't slow his fingers at all, instead he took his free hand and played with my tits, sometimes gently, sometimes roughly. I clenched my teeth, clamping the muscles of my pelvic floor around his fingers and aiming the vibrator carefully at a spot just slightly above my clit. My eyelids flickered open to see him naked, kneeling between my legs. He was so intent on what he was doing, on my impending orgasm. It was insanely hot to see how much he wanted to make me come.

And then it came, the first wave. "FUCK!" I yelled, my head thrashing back and forth on the pillow. I got a fistful of sheet in my left hand and kept up the pressure on my clit with the wand in my right. I rode the wave of my orgasm, cresting and falling and cresting again. At one point I thought I was done but he reapplied himself to my g-spot and a new wave broke over me. I hadn't actually stopped coming but a whole new orgasm rose up out of the old one. I was on my back, bucking fiercely, knuckles white on the Hitachi. Finally I flicked the power switch to "off" and started to come down.

His fingers slipped out and then I felt his hot body hovering above mine. I was spent but oh so happy as I reached up to pull his head down to mine. He kissed me languorously, gripping my hip as he came to rest against me. "You are one hot motherfucker, you gorgeous man," I said as my breathing began to return to normal.

He curled next to me, my back against his chest and his arm wrapped across my tits. In my ear he murmured "Fuck, Jess, that was amazing! Rest up, baby. I'm going to fuck you again when we wake up."

...to be continued.