 "Let's go to Sabino Canyon and fuck," Vicky said. She was sitting on the sofa, legs crossed, sipping some iced tea. "To celebrate Earth Day."

It was March, hot already in Tucson, mid-80s. Vicky sat there in shorts, her tanned legs smooth as marble, looking at Tommy with a raised eyebrow.

"It's closed," Tommy replied. He was fixing some lunch. Salads with garlic and tomatoes, a touch of a chili vinaigrette. "Mountain lion, remember?"

"So."

"So that means there are no trams," Tommy said, bringing the two bowls of salad to the kitchen table. "Lunch is ready."

Vicky got up from the couch, Tommy watching her out of the corner of his eye, knowing that wasn't the end of it. Knowing Vicky, once she had her mind set on sex, wasn't going to let it go. Especially after she had decided to have sex in a public place or, in this case, state owned land.

"So we hike it by foot. We don't need a tram. We're going up there to fuck, remember?"

How could he forget? Ever since he had started dating Vicky, six months already, the sex had been varied, intense, and very often, public. 

"What about the mountain lion?"

"What about it?"

"Could be dangerous," Tommy said, regretting it the moment it left his mouth. 

Vicky raised another eyebrow. "When do we leave?"

*

She was giving him a blow job. She liked to stick his cock so far down her throat she would come up gagging. She liked to have him hold the back of her head, tell her, "Just a few more seconds," before he'd let go and she could come up for air, turned on with that fucking look in her eyes like she was drunk with lust, desire. Then she was forced down again, he could actually feel the head of his cock buried against the back of her throat. 

"You like me to suck your cock like this, don't you?" she'd ask, looking up at him, sliding her saliva covered hand over his cock, licking his balls. Tommy simply grabbed the back of her head and shoved his cock back into her mouth.

She liked him to be rough. He figured that one out the first time they had sex. Their second date, in a movie theater up at the Foothills mall, watching The Departed, sitting way up at the top, she had reached into his pants and pulled his cock out. She stroked him with her right hand and leaned into his arm, rubbing her breasts into his shoulder, whispering in his ear she wanted to suck his cock, "right here in the movie theater." She slid down out of her seat and took his cock in her warm mouth. His hands instinctively fell into her hair, the heat of the moment making him a little more aggressive than normal, but she was responding to it, getting into it. He grabbed a handful of hair, actually pulled it, testing his limits, but there didn't seem to be any limits with Vicky. The harder he pulled the harder she sucked, until he couldn't help himself and came in her mouth.

Later, minutes, he had his hand down her pants and felt, for the first time, her warm pussy. He had always liked the feel of a woman's pussy. There was nothing like it. The fleshy softness, the hair, the lips, all designed by God or nature to lure him and his fellow compatriots to desire it, want it, need it, die for it. 

Vicky's pussy was warm and wet, telling Tommy she had been turned on by sucking his cock. He slipped a finger inside and she moved her hips up out of the chair, trying to grind against his hand. Tommy moved his finger out and up over her clit, back and forth, in and out, until Vicky clutched his hand and came.

*

He could bring his pistol, a Glock 9mm. Probably wasn't enough to stop a mountain lion, at least with one shot, or two for that matter, but he'd feel safer. How fast are mountain lions anyway, he thought? He was a pretty good shot. He had blown the shit out of some gallon milk containers filled with water, out in the desert, from fifty yards or more. Plenty of time to down a charging mountain lion. Did they charge? 

Tommy knew he was just rationalizing the whole deal. He really wanted to take Vicky up to Sabino Canyon and fuck her under the warm sun. Have her sit up on a boulder, legs spread, her hands on the back of his neck shoving his face into her pussy, telling him to stick his tongue inside her, lick her ass. Jesus, he'd shoot a elephant for that.

"We could cut up through Bear Canyon Trail," Tommy said, a forkful of salad awaiting to be eaten. "Get into the canyon that way. It's a long hike, but probably unrestricted."

She placed a hand on his, "I knew you wanted to fuck me up there, didn't you?"

"The thought crossed my mind."

"I can tell," Vicky said, placing the same hand on his erection. "Just thinking about me up there, naked, sucking your cock or you licking my pussy, is making you hard, isn't it?"

Tommy was speechless, all his blood rushing to his cock, fast enough to make him feel heady, faint, dizzy with a hunger to devour her right there on the kitchen table. Chili vinaigrette salads be damned. Tommy glanced over towards the patio; maybe even open the drapes and let the world watch them have sex.

"You want to fuck me right now, don't you?" Vicky said, her eyes following Tommy's to the patio. "Were you thinking about opening the drapes and fucking me on the kitchen table, you bad boy?"

Tommy felt he could never keep up with Vicky. He was just along for the ride, however long it would last. She was too wild, too daring, too everything for him. But it had been six months and her interest, was not waning. If anything, it was peaking, increasing.

Tommy swept his arm across the kitchen table, sending the bowls of salad flying, lettuce, tomatoes, chili vinaigrette everywhere. Vicky's eyes, filled with genuine surprise-Tommy had caught her totally off guard-were also filled with a kind of lustfulness. Like someone had finally shocked her.

Tommy threw Vicky on top of the table, unbuttoned her shorts and slid her shorts and panties off in one quick motion. The look on her face still full of surprise, lust, passion. As she lay there on the kitchen table, her pussy exposed, Tommy threw off his shirt and ripped the cord on the drapes, flooding the room with sunshine. 

He was beyond speech, beyond a rational human being, fueled by lust, as he took Vicky's legs and pushed her knees back towards her head, leaving her pussy wide open. Tommy ran his tongue up her ass, licking her ass, running his tongue around the puckered hole. He loved licking her asshole, Vicky always the adventurous one, never one to pass up something new, (except anal sex, stud!) had showed her appreciation by telling him as much. "I love your tongue on my asshole. It feels so good."

Tommy moved slowly forward, letting his tongue slid inside her pussy, tasting the saltiness of her sex, the heady aroma filling his nostrils, turning him on even more-like that was possible. Vicky pulled her shirt up exposing her breasts, pinching the nipples, rolling them between her fingers, pulling them towards her own mouth and flicking the nipples with her tongue.

Tommy ran his tongue up and over Vicky's clit. She grabbed the back of his head and pressed him into her sex. She liked it rough that way, having him pressed down hard on her clit as he moved his tongue up and down, back and forth, sideways, until she told him to put his fingers inside her, put a finger in her ass. He'd pump his fingers in and out, press his tongue down hard on her clit, grinding it, she'd be saying, "Oh, yeah, I'm gonna cum, baby! I'm gonna cum all over your mouth. I want you to lick it up." Then she'd shudder and let her legs spread wide open.

But this time he took control. He grabbed her hand from behind his neck and roughly tossed it aside. She gasped. Then he slid her across the table so her head hung off the far edge. "Grab your knees," Tommy commanded. Vicky, dutifully, did as she was told. Tommy removed his pants and went around to the other end of the table, where Vicky's head lay over the edge. She was just about to say something when he slid his cock into her mouth and buried his face back into her pussy.

Vicky reached around, took hold of Tommy's ass and pushed his hips, driving his cock deep into her throat. Tommy moved his tongue up and down her slit, taking time to lick her ass again. Vicky pushed him in even further, Tommy feeling the back of her throat, the tips of her fingers dangerously close to his own asshole, knowing that a fraction of an inch more and he'd cum. 

Vicky, sensing this, moved her hands to his hips and started to pump his cock in and out of her mouth. Tommy slid a finger in her ass and his thumb in her pussy. The angle of his thumb pressing against her G-spot, her weakness, and brought his tongue hard against her clit. It was a race to see who could make the other cum first. 

Tommy knew he didn't have much time. If he didn't get her within the first few strokes, he knew she would regain her senses, bring her fingers to his ass and then it would be all over. Literally.

But he had lucked out and Vicky hesitated as he ground his tongue over her clit. He buried his thumb as far as it would go and pressed against her G-spot, the muffled moan from her cock-filled mouth. The race was almost over until he looked up.

*

So they decided, both of them, Sunday, April 22, Earth Day, to hike up into Sabino Canyon, via Bear Creek Trail, and fuck their brains out near Seven falls.

"The waterfalls will be a nice backdrop to your cock sliding in and out of my pussy, don't you think?" Vicky asked.

"Perfect," Tommy replied. But in the back of his mind, not too far back, the thought of the mountain lion lurked, shriveling, for the time being, any more ideas of bravado.

Over the next week, in between working and taking as much ribbing from Vicky over worrying about the mountain lion as he could stand, Tommy cleaned and oiled his Glock. He had even taken it down to the Tucson Gun Club on Tanque Verde and polished up on his aim. Tommy stood in the small cubicle imaging Vicky was on her knees, the gritty sand pitting into her knees, the hot sun burning the back of his neck, his cock, slick with Vicky's own juices, pumping in and out of her mouth, when, suddenly, without warning, without provocation, the lithe, muscular blur of the dun-colored mountain lion would come charging like a cheetah on the Serengeti. Tommy, calm as a warm breeze, picked up the Glock and fired. He missed the bulls-eye by at least six inches. In fact he didn't get within any of the concentric circles signifying a lethal shot.

"Dammit!" Tommy yelled.

It wasn't looking good. If he couldn't shoot the bulls-eye within the comfort of the gun club, how could he expect to shoot a charging mountain lion in the spacious confines of the canyon with, more than likely, his pants down or his face buried between Vicky's legs? The answer was, he probably couldn't do it. 

Why did it have to be Sabino Canyon? Why couldn't they just go somewhere...safer?

But Vicky wasn't giving an inch. She wasn't making it easy. Ever since the episode on the kitchen table she had all but ceased and desisted having sex. Tommy was sure it was done on purpose to ensure he would not back out of going to the canyon. Sure, it was working, his cock never seemed to be soft anymore-particularily embarrassing because he worked as an auto parts manager at a Napa store, constantly running around looking like he had a lug wrench shoved down the front of his pants. Even his forty-two-year-old, beer-gut-hanging-to-his-knees assistant manager was looking good.

"What are you looking at?" Walt asked testily one afternoon. "Looking at me like you want to fuck me or something."

Tommy turned away red-faced.

And Vicky wasn't making it any easier. "You ever fucked anybody in your office?" she asked one evening. "Like all over your paperwork, your cum, her cum, sweat, you know..."

"Is that a hint?" Tommy asked, thinking the drought was over. Soon it would be raining, storming Vicky and her naked ass all over his desk at work.

"No," she replied, and walked away.

The testosterone build up was making Tommy testy, especially at work. He would snap at co-workers for the slightest thing.

"Tommy, do we carry, or can we get plugs for a '69' Mustang?" Freddy, 23, asked before barely ducking out of the way of a flying box of Champions.

Tommy kept obsessing over the Glock. Kept asking himself why he hadn't bought the Smith and Wesson .45 instead when he had the chance.

"That sumbitch gots more kick than a broncin' buck," Smitty, the gun shop owner told Tommy the day he bought the Glock. "If you was to buy that monster I'd have to forewarns ya about accuracy. Like it ain't got much. Especially since you a novice, T. I means you're just looking for protection, right?"

"Just in case," Tommy said.

"Damn good sense too, nowadays," Smitty assured him. "And that's what I'm sayin's, T. The Glock is your answer. I knows it's an ugly peckerwood, but it'll do the job you ask. Now I know the S and W .45 is the kind of gun that can give ya a hard-on, but the fact of the matter is..." Smitty trailed off.

"That fact of the matter is, what?" Tommy asked.

"It's too much gun for ya, T," Smitty said, scratching his head hoping he didn't lose the sale of the Glock too. 

"You really think so?"

"If I have a car question where do I go?" Smitty asked. "You, right?"

"Right."

"You gots a question about the firearms that's why you come to me. Correct? Right?"

"Right." 

"And the Glock is my professional recommendation."

Smitty was right about the looks of the Smith and Wesson. It was a sweet looking gun. The kind of gun you'd want to be seen with. But other than the gun club-a place Tommy rarely frequented-where would he be seen with a Smith and Wesson .45? 

"The Glock will meet all your needs, T. Whatever you need it for, that gun will be there to stop it. Guaranteed."

Those words kept reverberating in Tommy's ears. But the truth was he was not very good with guns, period. Didn't have an aptitude for it. Hell, Vicky was a better shot than he was. The one time they went down to the gun club, because Vicky thought firing a real gun might be a turn-on, she had smoked him. Of course he had been distracted because she made him show her how to shoot the gun. "Stand behind me and show me," she had said, grinding her ass into his cock. Fucking John Wayne would have had a hard time shooting straight after that.

But that had just been an excuse. Even when he was alone he had a hard time getting a feel for the gun; getting a feel for the kick. It wasn't that the Glock would be too small a caliber gun to stop a mountain lion, especially with a shot between the eyes, the problem was Tommy didn't think he could hit the mountain lion if walked up to him and placed the gun on it's forehead for him.

*

April 22, 2007. Sunday. The day of rest. God's day. Earth Day.

By 6:00 am it was already 80. They had woke up early, had a fortifying and nutritious breakfast of wheat toast, peanut butter, grapefruit and two bananas each, along with their usual pot of Arabian Mocha Sanini coffee.

"I'm ready to have your cock in me," Vicky said, before jumping in the shower. "Are you ready to put it in me?"

"What a stupid fucking question," Tommy wanted to say, but wisely refrained from doing so. He would have hung off a 100 story building by his fingertips to fuck her.

Tommy got his gear ready, packed the Glock in the side pocket of the backpack and walked by the bathroom door. It was ajar and he could see Vicky behind the pebbled glass of the shower door, shaving her legs, one leg propped up on the corner of the tub, her ass pointed straight at him, the pebbled glass blurring the clarity, but no mistaking it was Vicky, naked, wet, shaving her legs in anticipation of getting fucked in Sabino Canyon. 

Tommy so wanted to stick his cock in her while she finished shaving her legs, but he knew she wouldn't let him no matter how much he begged and pleaded. Since the lunch fuck on the kitchen table Vicky had been stingy with her pussy. She had given him only a couple of mercy fucks, but those had been quick (not even five minutes before Tommy was spurting all over the place) and uneventful. None of the usual dirty talk or heavy panting. Nothing. As soon as he had cum she was fast asleep. "Don't you want to cum?" Tommy asked. But he was met with the slow, rhythmic breathing of a coma patient.

Before he knew it Vicky had shut the water off and was reaching for her towel. "What are you doing?" she asked, the water dripping off her body, rolling off her breasts.

"I need to get a shower when you're done," he stammered.

"I'm done," she said. "Jump in while I dry my hair."

He almost didn't do it. Didn't want to stand there with his cock hard as oak, sticking out like a divining rod for pussy. But he did it. Stood there, hard as petrified wood, before he jumped in the shower without so much as a glance from Vicky.

Tommy showered, sulked, the water bouncing off his cock like marbles off cement. He kept thinking about Vicky standing there in just a towel as her hair dryer roared. Then just as quickly she was done and gone. "Goddamn," Tommy muttered. He was so pissed he could have killed that mountain lion with his bare hands.

Their plan was to drive in as far as possible, through the desert back roads just west of the canyon entrance, hike over a small hill and intersect Bear Creek Trail at the bottom. From there it would take about a hour to reach Seven Falls where, Vicky told him, she wanted to be fucked in every hole she had. Tommy was confused. No, he wasn't confused, he just wasn't hearing correctly because the only thing he had on his mind was getting to Seven Falls and fucking Vicky. So he was sure that what she said, and what she really meant, were two different things. Because, although she let him do just about anything he wanted with her ass, fucking her there wasn't one of them. Not that he hadn't asked, begged, pleaded, but she had always refused saying, "I have to save something for the man I fall in love with." 

So he let it slide, chalking it up to just an expression of how horny she too was feeling. After all it had been a few weeks since they had had an all-out, no-holds-barred fuckfest. Not since he had shoved her on the kitchen table and, out of the corner of his eye, saw their neighbor woman watching them have sex. 

Tommy had to admit it had turned him on so much he lost the race to Vicky and ended up cumming all over her chin and neck as she licked his shaft and balls. The neighbor woman, a woman in her early 40's, stood there like she had just been struck by lightning. Embarrassed that she was caught, sure, but more embarrassed that it was obvious, plain as day, she too had been turned on. The stricken look on her face because Tommy recognized her, they knew each other well enough to say hello by name. The next time that happened, which was sure to be within the next few days-after all they were neighbors-they would both know she had seen Tommy naked and having sex. She had watched him cum, watched him licking Vicky's pussy, and she had, obviously, watched them for awhile. It wasn't as if she had stumbled across them, shocked by what she saw, and scurried off. She had stayed and watched. Made eye contact with Tommy and stood and watched him cum all over Vicky's chin and neck. Watched with a glint in her eye like she wished it was her rather than Vicky on that table.

But that was weeks ago. He had, inevitably, ran into Laura, his Peeping Tom neighbor, and said hello. She even surprised him by winking. "Morning, Tommy," she said, as they both walked out to get their mail. "Morning, Laura." And that was when she winked. Not a seductive wink, but one that said, if he was cool with what happened so was she.

Now Vicky had thrown another monkey wrench, one of many, into the machine of plans. Tommy wanted to ask if she was serious about getting taken in the ass, desperately wanted to ask, but he didn't want to jeopardize future plans, so he just decided to wait it out and see what happened.
