 There was a new woman just hired where I work. Her name is Marge and I found out we had a common interest. I sat across from Marge in the break room one day and I found out we were both into the Beatles. I also found out we both liked John Lennon. That seemed to get Marge all interested in talking with me at work every day.

A group of co-workers go to a local watering hole on Thursday nights. This past Thursday Marge decided to join us. Marge ended up sitting directly across from me. I couldn't concentrate on what Marge was talking about. I had my eyes glued to her chest. Marge is short with reddish curly hair. She has plenty of curves and she has big breasts. I normally stay two hours or so and then go. I said my goodbyes and then walked out the door.

As I got outside I heard a female voice calling to me. It was Marge. She asked me if I wanted to come over to her place for a drink. I knew she was married but Marge said her husband had gone on a hunting trip and she was alone at home. I didn't want to get in between Marge and her husband but her tits were calling to me. I ended up following Marge back to her house. When we got inside Marge asked if I wanted a beer. I told her no thanks as I already had a good buzz going.

We sat down on the couch and Marge told me her story. She had only been married a year or so and there was trouble between her and her husband. It seems that her husband spent more time with his buddies than with Marge. She also suspected that her husband was seeing another woman. She said she smelled perfume on her spouse but she didn't want to believe he was seeing someone else.

"Can I tell you something Mike?" She said.

I told her she could tell me anything she liked.

"I'm really attracted to you."

Maybe it was the beer talking to me. I moved closer to Marge and we ended up kissing each other. Before you knew it, I had my hands all over Marge. I was rubbing her tits over the outside of her top. Marge finally broke away and stood up. She began to strip out of her clothes. Marge's tits were bigger than I imagined. Her big tits sagged onto her chest. She had these giant nipples as well. Marge was also shaved around her pubic area. She was making my mouth water.

I stood up and undressed. My cock was already half hard when Marge took me by the hand and led me back to her bedroom. When we got onto the mattress Marge got over top of me. She took those big tits and wrapped them around my dick. I am around seven inches in length but my dick got lost between her mounds of flesh. It didn't take long before my cock was hard as a rock. Marge soon pulled away and climbed over top of me.

Marge took my cock and guided it to her opening. Now was the moment of truth. Marge lowered herself on to my rod and I entered her. All I can say was her pussy felt like a hot oven. She was sliding up and down my prick as I brought my cock up to feed her wet pussy. I just had to touch those large tits. I took one in each hand and I squeezed. That really set Marge off. Marge was bouncing up and down on my thick pole as I slid my cock into her the whole way.

"Fuck, you feel so good Mike."

I love women that were curvy and had big tits. We were getting into a hot boil when I ended up flipping Marge onto her back. I took her legs and pushed them to her chest. I stretched out and gave her every inch I had. I just had to have her that night. I no longer cared what was going on between her and her husband. It was obvious Marge didn't care about her marriage. I ended up pounding her hard with every stroke I gave her. I must have been hitting the right spot as Marge soon squirted her juices all over me.

My balls were hitting her ass as I took Marge as my own woman. I couldn't tell you how long we fucked that night. My balls began to pinch and I knew I was getting close. Marge didn't say I should pull out so I squirted my thick load into her tunnel. When Marge felt me explode her body began to shake. Her muscles had me in a tight grip as my cum splashed against her pussy walls. I fucked Marge a few minutes more before I felt myself going soft.

I soon stopped and rested my dick inside Marge's pussy. I could feel her walls grabbing at my dick and getting all my seed from my cock. I finally pulled out and I lowered my mouth and kissed each of her hard nipples. After we finished I pulled out and Marge went and got cleaned up. I ended up staying the night with Marge. We ended up spooning as we fell asleep. The next day was still a work day, so we woke up early. Marge was lying on her side when I entered her that morning.

I lifted her leg up and I fucked her one more time before we went to work. My cum was still inside her pussy and I was able to fuck her more easily than the previous night. God, did Marge need cock. I drove my dick into her belly again and again. I somehow managed to shoot another load of my man seed into her belly. After that I left Marge and went back home to get cleaned up and get dressed.

That Friday Marge was all smiles. She told me she wanted me to come over to her house. I guess I was addicted to Marge's pussy. That night we ended up fucking until late into the following morning. I had Marge get on all fours and I took her from behind. Marge's boobs were swaying as I fed her my cock there on the bed. I did end up staying the whole weekend with Marge. By the time Sunday came rolling around my cock was red and sore from all that fucking.

One unfortunate thing happened. Marge said she wanted me instead of her husband. She asked if I would want her on a full time basis. I took that to mean she wanted to dump her husband and take up with me. I didn't give her an answer right then. I am still fucking Marge whenever her husband isn't around. That seems to be quite often. Maybe her husband is seeing other women on the side.

I know I want her but I guess we will see how things play out. Until then my cock is buried deep in Marge's pussy and she says she just can't get enough of me.