 I rang the buzzer at Alicia's apartment and she let me in. I knew she'd be home working, and I wanted to see her. I rang the bell with every intention of interrupting her work. She buzzed me in and opened the door to her place on the third floor. "What a nice surprise," she said, giving me the dozy smile I think about sometimes while I masturbate. "What brings you to this neighborhood?"

"Just wanted to see if I could make you a pot of tea," I said. This wasn't a secret euphemism for anything, but I thought it was appropriately coy. She laughed and pulled me through the door.

I did make her a pot of tea, but we didn't drink it. Per our occasional routine we raised our eyebrows at each other and scooted closer together on her couch, pretending to be shy. I pretended to be shy to hide that I was a little shy; Alicia is exceedingly beautiful, and even though we've slept together sporadically for a long time, and have known each other for longer, her general gorgeousness intimidates me.

Tracing my hand up from her knee, over her thin homemade skirt, I crossed her pleasantly round tummy to her breasts. They're good breasts, medium and firm, enshrouded today only in a loose white blouse. Alicia's a bit of a bohemian, and I like that. We kissed, softly at first, and then she started to push back in the hungry way she does. "Oh my god," she mumbled through kisses. "You just reminded me that this is exactly what I needed today." She climbed on top of me.

While we devoured each other's lips, I continued to explore her breasts through her thin shirt. Her nipples were hard now and I pinched them softly. She responded by thrusting her hips toward me, rubbing the inside of her thigh against my growing erection. When she reached down and wrapped her fingers around the stiffness through my jeans, she took in a breath through her teeth and closed her eyes. I love when she does that. She let out the breath as a deep groan.

"You want my cock?" I asked in her ear. With her usual confidence, she kneeled down in front of the couch, stood me up, and whipped off my belt. Once she had me naked from the waist down she gripped my cock and spit on it.

"There you go," she said long and soft as she stroked my length. "How does that feel? You like that?" I grunted in approval. She flashed me a wry smile and batted her lashes. And then I was in her mouth, the hot suction making me arch my back, her cheeks and tongue all one slick tight tumbling membrane.

"Oh fuck Alicia," I groaned uncontrollably. She was bobbing her head, and her long shiny brown hair was tumbling over my lap. She did all kinds of mysterious things with her tongue that sent me shivers while I ran my hands through her hair. And then, just as quickly as she has started, she gave the tip of my cock one last hard suck and got back up onto my lap. She kissed me hard and I could taste that strange penis taste in her mouth.

"Eat my pussy," she rasped in my ear. Alicia has a dirty mouth when she gets going, and I love it. She tells me to talk dirtier to her sometimes, be rougher, but I suspect I'm gentler than that by nature. That's why it feels so damn good when I let go and oblige her. So I obliged her. I pulled (not quite ripped, almost ripped) her panties out from under her skirt and pushed her milky thighs apart. Then I was face to face with her beautiful, pink, waxed smooth pussy. The most beautiful pussy I've ever seen, and I've let her know that.

I began to slowly lick her lips, pulling each one gently into my mouth until my chin was covered in her gloss. Then I went to town on her clit; I knew she was ready for it and I braced myself for her reaction. She's a thrasher, especially when my lips are pursed around her clit and I'm pushing my face from side to side. "Fuck yeah," she practically yelled, arching her back, clutching her breasts. "God, you like how my fucking pussy tastes?" I hummed my reply into her. "That's right you do, bitch." My cock stiffened another notch when she said this to me. I maintained my speed and pressure on her clit until her moans reached just the pitch I knew meant orgasm — and then I sped. She came immediately, and hard.

She pulled me up on top of her and kissed me hard again. She always wants to taste herself on my lips after I've eaten her.

I unbuttoned her blouse and threw it onto a chair. Her skirt followed it, followed by my shirt. I took in her naked body for the first time in a few months. Were her breasts bigger? Who knows. She always looks amazing. Her nipples are tan and shiny, her breasts shaped like upturned cones. Her belly is soft and gracefully curved. She's not too skinny without being quite chubby. Just right, really. She was biting her lip, looking up at me with an innocent girlish look that belied the dirty things that she had just moaned while she came.

She jacked me off for a minute while she maintained the girlish look and squeezed one of her breasts. She spit on her hand and rubbed it onto my straining hardon, pulling it toward her. With one hand on my shoulder, she used the other to spread herself open for me, and as I entered her we had a quiet moment of tender eye contact. It's usually like this with Alicia: alternatively rough and soft. She pulled me into her and once my cock was slick I took off. She wanted it hard, right away. I could tell.

I know that every straight man loves the sight of a woman's tits bouncing toward and away from him as his pubic bone hits hers, but I especially like it. Especially Alicia's pubic bone. Her cheeks get very rosy when I start to fuck her like this, and I like that too. She's such a fantastic girl — not just sexually, even though I am having sex with her at the moment, and I am enjoying it — why are we not dating? We could do this all the time.

Alicia's thick voice snaps me back. "I want you to fuck me from behind." This is an order. Yes ma'am, I say. She flips over, placing her hands on the arm of the couch. I caress her generously round ass and spread her open to get a glimpse of her puffy wet pussy and her extra tight looking asshole. Never been in there. I slid into her wet darkness again and grabbed her soft hips. "Now fuck me like you fucking mean it," she said, her voice shaking with the impacts of my hips against her ass. So I did, running my hands up and down her arched back, pushing her ass forward, watching the way her pussy widened to make room for each thrust.

We sped up and she answered each pump by ramming her ass back against me. "Oh my fucking god," she yelped. "Keep fucking me just like that!" She rubbed furious little circles around her clit as my balls slapped against her knuckles.

"Your pussy feels so fucking good!" I wanted to shatter through my gentleness and be as dirty as she wanted me to be. "How about my big fucking cock? How do you like that?"

"It feels so good in my cunt, baby. Tell me how much you like my cunt." She said the word. Cunt. She's wanted me to say it for a long time. The filthiness of it turns her on.

"Your wet, tight pussy feels so good, bitch," I said instead. I couldn't do it. I decided to give up on the dirty talk and revert to my usual grunting and groaning. But my effort appeared to have paid off; she was clenching her face into an I'm about to cum grimace and moaning loud enough for many of her neighbors to hear. She peaked onto a huge orgasm and I buried my cock all the way into her. "You're so beautiful when you cum," I said as her body jerked with the last few spasms. Her juice had run down my balls onto my thighs.

As I was about to ask her if she wanted more she turned back over and grabbed my ass, pulling me back into her. "Now you're gonna cum for me," she said. Her body was hot and coated thinly in sweat. Girls manage to seem very clean when they sweat, a great mystery to me. Her cheeks rosier than ever. I climbed back up to speed, the pressure off now — I felt ready to cum. Alicia squeezed my ass as I thrust into her, my muscles tightening, my grunts coming out in bursts. "You gonna cum for me? That's right you are, bitch."

"I'm gonna cum all over your beautiful tits," I said, staring at them. They were sweaty and bouncing like mad. That feeling arose in my balls.

"Oh that's fucking right you are. Fucking cover my tits in cum." She was staring wildly at her slit spread open by my thick wet cock. I squeezed her tits hard as I pounded her. She moaned and snarled at me. "Oh! Fuck you, cum for me!"

I moaned long and hard as the white heat shot to the tips of my extremities. I pulled out of her and straddled her torso on the couch. Alicia spit on my cock and started pumping it with her hands. "I'm almost... there," I groaned.

"Fuck yeah!" She said. "I want your goddamn cum." She slapped my cock while she held my balls tight with the other hand. "Cum for me!" This pushed me over what was left of the edge and I came. All over her gorgeous tits, just like she wanted. Her eyes were wild as she watched the hot white cum leave my cock and land on her neck and breasts. She had been hungry for that sight. Some women are.

After a few minutes of guttural, satisfied laughter, holding each other on he couch, we put the lukewarm tea in the microwave. Alicia acts so innocent after we've done something uninhibited like this, as if she can't quite believe the things that just came out of her mouth. She's hotter that way though.