 I can't stop. I cannot unsee his body in my mind's eye. I can't forget how he smells, especially after a deep kiss when the air around him gets musky. The fever his lips cause on my skin and the electricity of each lick and nibble are stuck on my body, like the tattoos I continue to add to.

His hand holds both of mine above my head, while the other traces outlines of my body; collarbone to fingertips on the inside of my arm. Hips to belly button and back. Shoulders to the nape of my neck by way of my ear lobes, then fingers dive into my hair, pulling my head back while his teeth graze at my throat. I erupt into goosebumps and lightning, each alternating up and down my spine. My staccato breaths become purrs as I push my body into the mold of his.

"Can we?" he mutters against the skin between my ear and shoulder, tracing small paths with his tongue that pulsate under my skin. "I mean, do you want to? I've thought about this but don't want you to..."

I push my mouth to his firmly, feeling my back arch, unconsciously wanting to get even closer to him, but not able to; the separation of molecules between us seems too uncomfortable. He kisses back and releases my arms from above my head. I thread my fingers through his hair above his neck and part my lips, where his tongue moves to meet mine. 

Chills race down my spine while my core tightens and warms with each new placement of his hands or mouth on me. When his mouth returns to my neck, I feel the inexplicable giggle rise from my chest. Beyond mortification, I cover my mouth and flush red. What the hell is wrong with me? He probably thinks I'm beyond a freak, or worse, a tease when I very much want this to continue.

He pulls away and squares up to me, studying my face, trying to decipher the misplaced simpers as I try to compose myself. While not a plethora of experiences with other guys, I've never laughed during any of my experiences. Usually my mind is so focused on how things feel and what I want to do next that laughter is never an option; I'm on a mission to get laid, or at the very least get off. His eyes register slight confusion, but not enough to be completely put off.

"Are you okay, I mean is this weird, or bad?" he asks with concern.

I take a deep breath and look directly into his eyes, beyond the thick fringe of eyelashes. My grip on his shoulders, where I'd been hanging on for dear life, loosened to firm. I relaxed just enough to smile and shake my head. "I guess I just never saw this coming. Wanted it but thought it, you were out of reach. Please, I don't want to stop." 

His eyes softened. The air between us went from frenzied and desperate, to warm and determined in an instant. His eyes sparkled in the dark and he grinned just enough to reveal the dimple on his right cheek. Oh shit.

"Just so we're clear then, you won't mind if I do this?" He lifted the hair that had settled on my shoulders and started a slow wet trail of kisses from my jaw line to my shoulder, pulling down the strap of my tank top and bra for more access. As he kissed, he occasionally sucked in air over his last kiss and sent chills to my fingertips and toes.

"Yeah, no that's good. Mhmmm," I sighed into the air above us. The room had started to spin and the earth stopped on its axis. The trail continued down my bicep and into the inside of my elbow where nibbling made my bite my lower lip. He bent down and moved further down to my wrist where he opened my fist and kissed my palm. I felt myself take a half-step back to brace against the wall. He crouched and followed my direction, placing himself waist-high staring at my belly button. 

I held my breath as lifted the hem of my shirt revealing my hips on either side. He held the outside curves while his mouth hovered above my skin, making sure to steady against the squirm I struggled with. His soft lips moved from one side of my lower belly to the other, in no hurry to reach any destination in particular. My core started to reach meltdown levels while my hips rocked into each kiss. The kisses went from chaste, brushes against my skin to wetter with an occasional suck, threatening wicked love bites. When his tongue began to dip into the waist of my panties, I reached a combustion level that threatened to melt me from the inside out and I moaned.

He stood up and met my eyes. I was familiar with looks of lust, but on his face it took me by surprise. Our breathing matched in its ragged cadence. The desperation returned and our mouths reached a new intensity as he grabbed the back of my hair and pulled my mouth into his. I snaked my hands between us and pushed his shoulders back hard. As I pivoted and moved into the bedroom, I looked over my shoulder I watched understanding replace confusion. 

"I mean, unless this offends your chivalrous sensibilities." I locked a heated gaze with him and smiled as I turned around and moved further away. His long legs covered the distance between us in an instant; his body pressed against my back and mouth found my neck before I could be astonished by my boldness.

I pulled my hair up, as if to pull it up on top of my head. In a single movement, his hands dropped to my tank top hem and again started to lift, but he didn't stop at my hips this time. The cotton skimmed up past my ribcage and over my head where I grabbed it from his hand while my hair fell back to my shoulders. He moved his hands to just below my belly button where they smoothed down to the button and zipper of my jeans; I leaned back onto his chest, holding the back of his head while he looked over my shoulder, down my body to his hands. Lips found my earlobe as he made two quick tugs; the jeans yielded and were sliding to my ankles in a breath.

I turned around in his arms and made quick work of his shirt. When I traced my fingers along his waistband he sucked in hard and moved my fingers to his lips. "Not yet," he murmured and pushed me onto the bed.

I faced him and propped onto my elbows to recline. My bra and panties didn't match, hell they weren't even any of my favorites. Ladyland wasn't manicured, and I hadn't shaved my legs in two days. But none of it mattered as he slipped his pants off and crawled up my body on the bed. I stayed propped up and kissed him deeply while a hand moved to my back and released my bra hooks. My breasts fell heavy and aching as he pulled the straps off of my shoulders and I leaned back on the bed. His mouth made the deliberate journey down my throat to the center of my ribcage before turning to tease the pink pebbles that strained against my skin in the center of my breasts. He moved down my body as did my panties with his assistance. I was naked.

My thighs instinctively opened to his touch as the rest of my body tensed. His hands caressed my inner thighs while holding my gaze so intently that I couldn't break it. My skin electrified with each pass of his fingers moving closer to my core. He kissed the space between my belly button and mound, which vibrated for his touch. Slowly, he moved his hand down and felt my slickness; my fists gathered in the sheets as I fought the urge to close my thighs around him. Still holding my gaze, he opened me and ran fingers up and down inside my wet, pink warmth. His focus gave way to a smile as a finger entered me and he lowered his mouth to my clitoris. As he began bathing me with kisses licks and sucks, I felt my toes curl and body jackknife; my hands found the back of his head and pulled him in closer to my center. 

I felt the waves begin building from the small of my back. They pushed forward slowly and rocked my hips against his mouth, fingers curling in his hair. My breathing quickened and I licked my lips between moans of his and God's name. The waves got bigger and I lost more control with each one. The big one crashed against me from the inside out and warmth moving through my core.

He pulled out of our connection when my quivers subsided, looked up at me and smiled. "I really liked that." His mouth hummed the words up my body, before landing on mine for a satisfied kiss.

Gathering my thoughts I tried to string single syllable words together. "Yeah, that was..." kiss disrupting the synapses trying to fire in my brain.

"I can't tell if I like the way you taste, or the way you moan my name more."

Oh shit.

"But I think I'm going to like the way you feel the best."

Oh shit!

I felt his weight on my body as his hips centered at mine. I wrapped my legs around his waist as we connected and I held my breath; it was the best bite of pain that spread and subsided in my core. He bit my bottom lip in a kiss and I braced against his rocking. Soon his hips began pushing and straining against my tension. My walls caved and shivered as the tidal wave that had built again in the small of my back crashed deep inside. He pulled my hair and kissed me as I bucked

"Do you want me to cum Beautiful Girl? Do you want me to cum inside of you?" he growled against my neck sending spikes of pleasure into my belly.

"Oh God yes please. I need you, all of you." My voice was soaked in a lusty rasp and my breathing was labored. "Please I want to cum with you."

I felt his first twitch deep inside, alerting me to the powerful spasm we were going to share. I held him to my mouth and felt his heat spill into me, his hand finding the small of my back to pull us even closer; I breathed his breath wanting to melt into his skin. My thighs tightened around his hips until the rocking between us ended.

His forearms rested on either side of my head, caging me in beneath him, powerful kiss drinking me in. "Beautiful Girl, you're everything I've dreamt of." Shivers and warmth raced up and down the length of my body as his lips spoke against my cheek. "You were worth the wait and heartbreak."

I smile as my fingers traced lazy circles between his shoulder blades, feeling the corded muscles relaxing from the best kind of tension. "I had no idea how you felt all this time. And watching me do God-knows-what with God-knows-who..."

His mouth covered mine with possession. "None of that matters. You're my Beautiful Girl right now." I kiss back, purring my agreement into his mouth.