 I begin by kissing the inside of your wrist, and slowly working my way up your arm, rotating to the outside at the elbow, and continuing up your arm to your shoulder, and then...

After I've reached that beautiful tan shoulder (the left one) and moved to stand behind you, I will kiss it slowly and thoroughly. I will dip the tip of my tongue onto your skin, tasting it with tongue and lips. I move along your trapezius, again kissing every inch while my hands softly caress your upper arms, then moving up to gently massage your traps while I kiss the side of your neck, from base to jaw, and two soft kisses on your left cheek...your hands reach behind you to discover I'm growing larger...

My kisses have reached your right shoulder. I caress your flanks, from the top of your ribs to your thighs below your hips. You're wearing a modest sundress that reaches to just below your knees. It is a light blue that matches your eyes. My caresses reveal that you're wearing nothing underneath. Your eyes are almost closed. Your lips reveal the beginning of a smile...

Our first date was six days ago. It was dinner and drinks and we talked for hours. You revealed that, though you thoroughly enjoyed sex, sometime you'd prefer a man to make love to you, slowly, tenderly, exquisitely. As I kiss my way slowly, exquisitely, down your arm to your wrist, I remember that you revealed a fantasy of yours was to make love outdoors. I hold your right elbow in my left hand while my right hand supports your wrist. Your forearm is dappled by the sun shining through the leaves above us...

After treating your right wrist and your hand to kisses I move back behind you and press gently against your back so you can feel my erection against the globes of your behind. You already know you are not the only one not wearing underwear. I kiss your neck again while my hands fondle your waist and your flat firm stomach. My hands move up gradually as they rub your waist through your dress. My thumbs caress the undersides of your breasts. A shiver runs through you and your hands, both exploring the area between my legs, clutch, but not hard...

I move around to the front and face you. I step close and kiss your perfect lips with a soft caress. You return the kiss. Your arms go around my waist and you pull me against you. We kiss again, this time with our lips open just a little and hold the kiss for several seconds. I step back. Your dress is secured with thin straps over the shoulders, tied in simple bow knots. I reach and pull the ends on both shoulders. Your dress falls gracefully to the grass. I take another step back, the better to see all of you. I have never seen anything or anyone more beautiful. You leave me breathless...

"Fair is fair," you say, and step close. You grasp the bottom of my loose tank top and pull it up and over my head. You toss it aside. You reach forward again and coax my dark blue gym shorts down past my hips. You reach inside the waist band and hold my erection up against my belly with your left hand while your right finishes the descent of the shorts. You step close and snug my desire between our bodies as you hug me close and kiss me, your tongue shyly seeking mine. You are unbelievably delicious...

After we break the kiss...slowly, reluctantly...I kiss your chin, then your throat and the hollows behind your collarbone. I kiss the skin between and above your breasts while my hands rest lightly on your hips. You rest your hands on my shoulders as I continue to kiss between your breasts and then move to your left and kiss the breast itself. I kiss the top and then move my lips to the outside, and then the underside, and the inside and finally to the nipple. It is like a rose bud on a firm pillow. I relish the taste as I pull it between my lips and suck oh so gently, teasing it with the tip of my tongue. Your nipple becomes firm and extended. I give it a final kiss and move my attention to the twin on the right...

Both breasts have received my best attention...I kneel before you and kiss your stomach, side-to-side and ever lower. Soon my lips find the short dark blonde hair above where your legs meet. You move your legs apart a little as I kiss your mound and the tip of my tongue tentatively touches the softness of your outer lips. Your fingers stroke my scalp through my hair and your fingers interlace behind my head. You push your hips forward, inviting me to make love to you with my lips and tongue. I do not disappoint...

My hands hold the soft firmness of the half-globes of your behind. They caress the backs of your legs, upper thighs to lower ankles, pinching gently the Achilles tendons before moving along the sides of your beautiful legs and caressing upward. Meanwhile, my tongue has continued to probe the glorious treasure between your labia. I wonder at the moist softness inside your love tunnel. It is like warm soft-serve...

My tongue has found your delicate pleasure nub. I tease it, encouraging it to push its way forward as much as it can. Your juices flow more freely; my beard and mustache become coated with your desire. My lips surround your passion button and I suck it gently while tickling the end with my tongue. You gasp. Your orgasm consumes you and your whole wonderful body is held in a moment of paralysis. Your knees almost collapse, but my hands keep you upright. Then I stand and hold you tightly until your ecstasy subsides. You kiss me, your lips tasting yourself on my whiskers. While I hold you I move us two steps to my right. Now we are standing on the blanket we brought for the coupling that is to come...

Before I lower you gently to the blanket, I hold you tight and speak softly in your ear. "If I am going to make love to you, I will need to speak the word."

"I hope you will," you respond, which surprises me. You continue. "I may speak it too. As long as we understand no promises implied."

"Agreed," I reply, and I kiss you on the lips with all the tender affection I can. You kiss me back. I gently lower you to the blanket and you lie there, smiling, waiting, perhaps wondering how this will differ from the simple sexual encounters you've experienced so many times before. I wonder the same thing...

I begin at your feet. I do not spend much attention on your toes, but I kiss the tops of your feet, and then your pretty ankles, alternating right and left. I kiss my way up your calves to your knees. I am sure to kiss and lick the backs of your knees while my fingers stroke the backs of your thighs. I keep your legs resting on my shoulders as I continue to kiss upward. Your perfect thighs receive my lips' caresses and flex. Your legs straighten at the knees and then bend again. I am on my knees, supporting your legs on my shoulders as my hands stroke the backs of your thighs and the lower globes of your behind. My erection is quivering with anticipation as it points forward, naturally lined up with the opening to the treasure you keep for me. I lean forward, your legs stay on my shoulders and rock forward, raising your hips as my own rise to meet them...

I slip into you easily, naturally. You moan with quiet satisfaction. Your legs slip off my shoulders and wrap around my waist. They squeeze me close. I begin to stroke you slowly, deeply. Your hips match my rhythm and we love each other that way with tender affection. Then I stop and ask you to straighten your legs. You do so and, still inside you, I roll us over so you are now on top, straddling my hips. You begin to gyrate slowly, savoring the feeling of my hard erection filling your vagina. I look at you, almost unable to believe I am making love to a woman as beautiful and sweet as you. My hands caress you on the hips, then move to your belly and up to your breasts. I tweak your hard nipples and you put your hands over mine, pressing my palms against your breasts. You move your hands, and mine, in circles, exciting your breasts. I can feel the flow of your desire increase, wetting the base of my erection and the hair around it...

I slowly bring my hands down to where we are joined. My thumbs caress your vulva, hoping to stroke your clitoris. At the same time I sit up and kiss your breasts, tonguing and sucking the nipples. You come again, gasping and trembling in brief ecstasy.

I hug you to me, kissing your lips and your face. I cannot get deep enough inside of you. I push upward, but all of me is in you and yet it is not enough to satisfy my desire for the completeness of our union. I can no longer not say it.

"I love you," I whisper into the hollow of your throat. I kiss your breasts again and murmur into your cleavage. "God, I love you so much. I felt I loved you before our first date was over. And here, now, I have become certain."

Your hands raise my face to yours. You kiss me on the lips, aggressively, passionately. Your tongue seeks mine and they stroke each other as we moan into each other's mouth.

"Thank you for telling me that. I feel the same way. Sometimes these things don't take very long. Sometimes the love just bursts inside two hearts at the same time. I love you. I have never said that before, but God, I'm glad I can say it now! I love you." You kiss me again, hard, possessively.

"Now get on top of me and make love to me more, until we cannot hold back. Let's stroke each other until you pour your love into me as I pour mine onto you and we come together."...

We do as you wish. We roll over and you wrap your gorgeous thighs around my waist. You tilt your pelvis up to best receive all I have to offer. I push my erection as deep into you as I can and then withdraw slowly. I hold the head just inside your labia, then push inward again. The soft velvet walls of your vagina caress me as I stroke in and out.

It is automatic, though, or nearly so. Our minds are not concentrating on our coupling. They are on our loving. We kiss and kiss, tongues dancing together, lips on lips, and then lips and tongues on nipples and shoulders and throats. Voices are low—whispers, mostly—repeating again and again those two words.

The ecstasies we are both feeling where we are joined gradually steal our attentions away from the caresses and kisses. Whispers of love become moans of passion. The movements of our coupling become faster and faster, our bodies tensing, straining to engulf each other and surrender at the same time...to become each a part of the other, and to extend this moment into an eternity of triumphant surrender. Faster still we go. I feel the tension building low inside me. My orgasm is fast approaching. I have reached the point of no return. I fear for a second that it is too soon. But you gasp and cry out in a seizure of rapturous delight and I give myself up to my own all-encompassing orgasm. At that last instant, when we both come together so vehemently, my mouth finds yours and we kiss so hard we might bruise each other's lips, somehow giving and taking each other's very life force in our mutual passion...

We are out of breath. The breeze helps cool us a little, but beads of sweat adorn us both. Your legs relax and straighten and I roll us over so we can rest with you on top, my deflating cock still inside you, though barely. We kiss with lips and tongues and laugh quietly with the sheer delight of what we have done together.

After many minutes of post-coital bliss I whisper the question and you agree that, yes, you are ready for lunch.

We separate and stand, both of us nude. We cannot resist continuing to gift each other with gentle touches and quick kisses as we prepare our meal. I break out the plastic plates and cups while you pull the fresh fruit and cheese from one of the coolers. I watch for a moment. You are so incredibly beautiful, bent over, straightening up, so casually and comfortably nude. I realize it will not be long before I am ready again to satisfy your desires. A second cooler holds ice that chills a bottle of white wine.

We sit together, you on my right, cross-legged on the blanket, and eat cut chunks of cantaloupe and honeydew and cheddar cheese while we drink the wine. Whole fresh strawberries are desert. Looking at me teasingly, smiling, you bite into one and the juice drips from your lips onto your chin and then onto your left breast. I do not hesitate. I kiss the juice off your chin and then lick it eagerly from your breast and the end of the trail of juice that has reached your nipple. It responds at once, crinkling with excitement.

I have never been happier. So it is almost spooky, in an ecstatic kind of way, when you take my right hand in both of yours and whisper to me that you have never been happier.

One thing I have not mentioned. This place is secluded, but not private. It is public land. The possibility of others coming by while we made love added an extra thrill to our activities. And now...

Another couple appears from around the trees. The see us, hesitate, then smile and move on. The man gives us a thumbs-up. I suspect they had the very spot in mind that we now occupy. We smile and give a little wave. We are both nude and not shy about it. He had a hard time not staring openly at you. I don't blame him.

We don't mention them, though. They are not important. No one is important at this moment except you.

When they have disappeared further up the trail. You turn to me, your love smiling in your eyes and on your lips. You lean over and kiss me. Your left hand finds itself in my lap and initiates an immediate response.

"That was the most beautiful experience I've ever had," you murmur. "Now it's time for me to return the favor."

You move the containers of fruit (now almost empty) off the blanket. Then you rise to your knees and face me. You advance upon me, pushing me gently down onto my back. You press your breasts against my chest as you kiss me again, softly at first and then hungrily, pushing your lips onto mine. My arms go around you and I caress your back and your behind. You rub your delicious skin against me as you descend, kissing my chest, sucking and tongue-loving my nipples and then further down, on my stomach and playfully twirling the tip of your tongue in my navel. Your attention continues downward to where my legs join my torso. You rub the junctures with your lips briefly before devoting the efforts of your hands and lips to that part of me that is standing at attention. You look me in the eyes and smile...

You kiss me long and hard where your kiss will feel the most erotic. As I loved your beautiful and alluring genitalia, so do you love mine with your lips and tongue. You stroke my belly and hips and legs with your hands. You make love to me...down there...with all of you. You position my erection between your breasts and rub up and down, my erection sliding between them slowly, erotically. I see a smile of delight bless your lips and I know you've had a sudden inspiration. You move quickly up, presenting your delicious sex to my mouth.

"Lap me up, and hold it," you instruct me, and I am glad to do as you ask. I lick, flat-tongued, pulling your love juices into my mouth. It is like a magical spring that can never run dry. The more I lick, the more juice there is to be taken in. I fill my mouth with your honey.

You shift again and pull me to a sitting position. You press against me and whisper, "Now give it back to me," and you press your lips to mine, your mouth open to receive what you want. With breath and tongue I push it into your sweet mouth. You close your lips, obviously holding what was in you and has been returned. You smile and wink, then bend down and baptize my hard-on with your love juices that have been shared by both of us in the unusual but supremely erotic exchange. I watch, with delighted fascination as my properly lubricated straining erection disappears into your vagina as you lower yourself onto it. And you move, expertly, to bring the greatest possible pleasure to us both. I sit up and kiss your breasts, and especially your nipples, and you moan and I can feel you tremble as you approach orgasm...

I lay back to create space between us. I press your clitoral hood with my thumb and vary the pressure side to side. I move it faster and faster and you orgasm hard, noisily, but not loudly. You moan as your hands press on my chest and your eyes close and you hump my dick in quick frantic bursts, a pause, and then more frantic rubbing as you lose yourself in your ecstasies. Your rapid humping strokes my erection on the underside of the head and I lose control.

I arch my hips upward and lift you briefly off the blanket. Your surprise interrupts your orgasmic chain, but only for a moment. Your high-pitched moans excite me and my own orgasm seems to go on an unbelievably long time. I feel like I'm gushing quarts of semen into your tight vagina.

We finally both return to earth, gasping, out of breath, chuckling quietly with the immeasurable happiness we have given to each other. We mutter the same words at the same time, admitting our love. We lay there, embraced, naked, on the blanket while the sunlight filters through the tree leaves and speckles our skin. We doze off, unconcerned about the possible lack of privacy of our post-coital ecstasies.

Within an hour we awake together, kiss, and languidly caress each other's skin. No matter where we touch—arms, shoulders, hips, legs, feet, belly, it is erotic.

I notice that you are smiling with that teasing happiness that stole my heart the first time we met. So I ask you what you're thinking. The smile gets a little bigger. "I'm thinking about our next date. Do you have any kinks?" The question takes me by surprise. After some thought, I answer that, no, I don't think I do. Your smile grows into an all-out grin. "After our next date, you will have."

I can hardly wait...