 "What a beautiful night!"

"Yes it is," Carly replied. She and Adam had been going out for a few weeks, but had not yet had sex. They had groped each other quite a bit and she had even let Adam suck and nibble her breasts last week. Until now, she just wasn't ready to allow him complete access, and Adam had been a perfect gentleman. He made sure she knew his desire to make love to her, but never pressured her. She was ready to change all that tonight.

As they walked down the beach, she reached for his hand, and held it tight. Carly had been hurt by most of her prior boyfriends. She knew that a lot of it was her fault. She was too willing to jump in bed and most of her first dates ended with her screaming as her orgasm washed over her. There was no doubt she liked sex, but she had never allowed herself to get to know a guy before they were screwing their brains out. She had an unenviable knack for finding guys that only seemed to want her for sex. After her last boyfriend joined that club Carly decided to change her ways. 

What amazed her was how Adam accepted, without question, her decision to wait. He was always nice and respectful to her and constantly did little things to make her feel special. Over the weeks they had grown into great friends, and now Carly found herself starting to fall in love. It scared her a little, since she had never been there before. Her relationships were usually short, filled with lust and lots of sex, but never love. As her feelings for Adam blossomed, she decided that tonight she would show him her love.

As they crossed the beach to the rocky outcropping at the far end, Carly stopped them for a second and turned to Adam. She leaned in, kissed him sweetly on the lips, and whispered, "I love you."

For a moment, Adam said nothing. As Carly pulled back, she noticed a tear in his eye. With a light touch she wiped it away. "Did I upset you?" she asked, a note of concern in her voice.

A smile spread across his face and he said, "Not even close. That is most definitely a tear of joy. I love you too."

They kissed again, a deep, passionate kiss that lasted a while. Holding hands the reached the rocks and worked their way out to the end. They found a large, smooth rock sitting just above the crashing waves. Adam lay down the blanket he had grabbed from the car and they snuggled together under the stars. If they stood up, they could see the beach, but as they lay down, they became unnoticed by anyone on the beach or the road nearby. The problem was that while they could not be seen, they could not see anyone coming until they were practically stepped on.

Adam and Carly lay side by side and looked up at the moon and stars. There were no clouds to obscure their view and the moon was almost full. The stars twinkled and seemed to glow brighter than either had ever seen before. Adam rolled onto his side and looked at Carly.

"My God, you are beautiful. Any time of the day you take my breath away, but in this moonlight, you look like an angel."

Now it was Carly's turn to shed a tear. No one had ever spoken to her as lovingly and kindheartedly as Adam did. He leaned down and they kissed again. Their tongues felt each other's and danced around in their mouths with abandon. Adam placed his hand on the outside of Carly's thigh and brought it up, around the curve of her hip, up across her stomach, but stopped short of her breast. Carly decided it was time to take a little control and placed her hand over his and moved it up to her breast. Adam obliged and began to gently squeeze her breast and run his thumb over her nipple.

With in seconds her flesh responded and became hard. Without the restriction of a bra, Adam could easily see it almost ripping through the thin material of her sundress. Breaking the long kiss, he quickly, yet lightly bit down on her nipple through the dress. She ran her fingers through his hair and moaned softly as he repeated the action.

"Adam, make love to me."

"I want nothing more in life than to do that right now. Let's go. We can be to my place in a half hour," he replied, starting to get up.

"No. Here and now, under the moon and stars. It is so romantic and I can't wait." Carly reached out and pulled Adam back down. Their lips met and their tongues resumed their battle. For the briefest of seconds, Adam thought about protesting, but that idea was quickly replaced by excitement. Excitement he felt from knowing that he was going to be making love to this woman. The excitement that there was the potential they could be caught and of being outside. All this had Adam half hard in no time and in response he kissed Carly harder.

His hands went to her shoulders and slipped the thin straps of the sundress down. Adam rolled onto his back and took Carly with him so that she was now lying on top of him. As the embraced and kissed, she undid her zipper. Carly sat up on his stomach and let the dress fall to around her waist. . She was not huge breasted, but her petite form made what she did have seem quite large. Adam reached up and cupped her breasts and ran his thumbs over her nipples. He already new she was excited from how hard her nipples were already, but he swore he could feel them swell even more as he ran his palms over them. 

Carly's hands were not lying idle. She had unbuttoned Adam's shirt and was running her fingers through his chest hair and all over his torso. Sliding her behind down until she sat on his thighs, she stopped for a moment right over his crotch and did two slow, sensual circles with her sex pressed against his hardness. She ran one hand over his stomach, enjoying the well-defined muscles there. With her other she rubbed him through his pants. After a few moments, she undid his belt and zipper and began pulling his pants and underwear down and off. Carly had already seen Adam without his shirt on once before and knew he was well built. The form he presented nude and fully erect awed her. Just the sight of this gorgeous man made her pussy dampen even more.

Carly lay down on him again and Adam could feel her hard nubs pressing into his chest. She placed her lips at the base of his neck and began to work her way up his chin. She could feel his moans on her lips as she sucked and kissed his throat. Slowly, she worked her way up one side of his jaw and began to nibble on his ear. Adam laughed as it tickled at first, but soon it felt pleasant and he moaned again.

"I need you in me now," she breathed heavily into his ear. Carly stood for a moment and the sundress fell totally away. She wore no panties and the thought that he had spend the entire day with a woman who wasn't wearing underwear thrilled Adam and raised his passion. Carly kicked the dress on top of the pile of Adam's clothes and lowered herself to him. Both were naked to the world and neither cared at by this point if their parents came walking up. Passion and lust ruled them now and their skin glowed in the night. 

Carly reached behind her to stroke Adam's manhood and was rewarded with steady flow of precum. Looking deep into his eyes, she said, "Now".

It was all he needed to hear and he helped her position herself over him. She grabbed his hard cock and helped guide him into her. In one long, slow push, he buried himself fully. A cross between a whimper and a sigh escaped her lips. 

"You feel wonderful," Adam said and half-sat up to suck on one of her breasts. "You are so wet, I don't know how long I can last."

Carly closed her eyes and said, "That's OK. I've wanted for a while and I'm already so close to cumming."

She leaned down and the two lovers kissed again and Adam worked his hips in a slow, steady rhythm. Occasionally he would lick or nibble a breast or pinch a nipple, causing Carly to moan and gasp. Soon though, he felt he was getting close to cumming but was going to try and wait. He wanted to make sure Carly also orgasmed. Remembering a trick he had used before, Adam pulled out but not away. He began stroking his entire shaft up and down the length of her pussy and over her clit. He could hear her breathing quicken.

"Shit. That's nice. Don't stop!" she said, through gasps for breath. The stimulation to his cock was less, but not enough for Adam to delay his impending orgasm. As he neared his climax, he could sense Carly was also very close. 

"Oh God, I'm so close. I'm going to cum any second!" she nearly screamed. Adam couldn't wait any longer and thrust his entire length back into her. He grunted as his cock erupted and spewed forth. The sudden filling of her pussy and Adams orgasmic groans pushed Carly over the edge. Her back arched and she let out a high pitched wail. Her nails dug into Adam's chest and she shook as her climax ripped through her. 

A few moments later the two collapsed in a tangle of arms and legs. The warm air caressed their skin and the only sound the waves crashing below them. Both realized they were lucky to be able to enjoy such a beautiful night. The only witness to their shared passion and the sweat glinting in the moonlight was a solitary seagull circling above.