 She stood looking at the man in front of her. He was tall, and he had deep blue green eyes that begged attention. His curly reddish blonde hair implored her to run her fingers through it, but she just stood, motionless, waiting for his lips to move. "Okay," he said. Her heart raced. His eyes twinkled as if he was laughing, and she couldn't help but flash him a smile with her perfect little mouth.

She was on a business trip, and had met this man in the bar of the hotel. They had met a couple of nights ago, and had spent many hours at the bar together, sipping their drinks but spending more time drinking in each other. Adam was very attracted to this beautiful woman; he had caught himself staring at her more than once. And she certainly was very attracted to him. He was tall, and he had a strong physique, which made her want to run her hands all over his handsome body. God, she wanted him!

She was shorter than him, standing at about 5'6", with brown hair. Her eyes were hazel, and she was slender, with a large chest. She had always dealt with men looking at her full, luscious chest, but it had usually seemed different than when this man gazed longingly at it. A surge of heat would pass through her body, starting in her head then traveling down to the tips of her toes, proceeding to climb up again to settle in her groin. It was this feeling that lead her to ask him to accompany her to her room one night. She did not usually invite strangers to her room, but there was just something about this man that made her want him, no, made her absolutely need him with every fiber of her being.

They entered the elevator in a seeming daze, both knowing what was going to happen. Once the doors of the elevator closed and she had pushed the button for her floor, he moved towards her and enclosed her in his arms. She tilted her head up towards his, and he brushed her lips with his. "God, you're beautiful," he murmured, as he kissed her more passionately. They fell into the kiss, and his arms got tighter around her, pulling her hard against his body. The elevator doors opened, and they moved simultaneously into the hallway. With one of his arms still around her, they made the way down to her room, where she proceeded to open the door and lead him in by the hand. The door closed behind them, and they were left to our own devices. 

At first, they stood just in front of the door, kissing each other passionately. The feeling of his arms encircling her, and the sensation of his full lips encompassing hers drove her wild! His arms slid down her back and squeezed her tight ass. She jumped at the surprise, but then pushed herself closer to him, feeling his erection through his pants. One of her hands slid between them, and she began to run it up and down his hard on. He kissed her more lustily now, and she knew he was ready for her.

She pulled away and started to move towards the bed, unbuttoning her blouse as she went. Just as she made it to the bed, his arms came around her, undoing her buttons. "Let me," he muttered against her ear. She moved her hands in back of her to grab his ass and to massage his erection, but he pulled away. Then, in one swift motion, he finished unbuttoning and twirled her around, so that he was looking at her full chest covered only by her skimpy bra. Her shirt fell to the floor, and he took one breast in his hand and began to massage it. "Before you get too carried away with me, I want to spend some time on you," he stated in a deep commanding voice. He then slid her bra straps off her shoulders. She was not about to argue as he removed her bra completely and moved his mouth towards her now erect nipples. His tongue circled the hard nipples, and he gently teased them with his teeth. She was now throbbing with anticipation, and could feel her pussy getting very wet. With one nipple in his mouth and the other between his fingers, she lay back on the bed, helpless to resist, even if she wanted to. He seemed to really enjoy what he was doing, as he kept moaning on her nipple, causing shots of electricity to race through her body. When he seemed to tire of that, he slid her skirt over her hips, and she lifted her ass so he could do away with her pantyhose and black lace thong. There she was, completely naked in front of this man. He stared at her lustfully, and laid himself on top of her. "Enjoying yourself?" he asked surreptitiously and she nodded and let out a low groan as his fingers found her pussy. "I see you're wet for me already!" He kissed her and their tongues quickly found each other. 

He stopped kissing her and ran his tongue down her body, starting between her breasts and working his way down to her navel, then down her stomach to her cleanly shaven pussy. His tongue then began to work it's magic on the warm, wet vagina and his hands moved up her body to tweak her nipples and press down on her stomach. As he found her clit and ran his tongue across it, her body rose in anticipation and she ran her fingers through his hair. He began to flick his tongue across it, and then suddenly his tongue plunged inside of her. 

"Oh god, yes!!!!" she screamed with latent desire. His tongue was darting in and out of her pussy, and his fingers were still pinching and rolling her nipples. After awhile of tongue fucking her, he moved back to her clitoris and again starting nibbling on it and running his tongue all over it. It was hard not to cum immediately, but she wanted to enjoy as much of this as possible. Finally, with one of his hands pressed firmly on her stomach and his tongue insistently licking her nether regions, she felt the pulsating pleasure of her orgasm sear through her body. Her body rose off the bed and she let out a moan of shear primal pleasure. She lay like that a moment, hardly able to move and then She felt his body creeping up on the bed to lay next to her. He lay there, running his fingers through her hair, and then he leaned over and kissed her full on the lips. She could taste her juices on his breath and it was this feeling that made her want to pleasure him in the same ways he had just pleasured her. She rolled over to face him.

"Now it's your turn," She murmured seductively. She allowed herself to run a hand over the bulge in his pants before starting to undress him. She pulled his shirt over his head and found herself looking at the most finely tuned, muscular man she'd ever had the pleasure to lay eyes on. She continued with his pants, desiring to see what all of his body looked like without the benefit of clothing. His pants hit the floor, and his boxers were not long to follow. His erection sprung to life, no longer trapped by his clothing. 

She crawled down until she was face to face with his throbbing member. This was going to be so much fun. She kissed his inner thighs, and reached behind him to grab his fine ass. Then her tongue traveled to his balls, and she took as much as she could into her mouth. Her tongue was working hard, running all around his sack as she sucked and teased it. Then, she used the tip of her tongue to run up his shaft. She could feel his body tense beneath her as she took the head of his thick penis into her mouth. She swirled her tongue all around the sensitive head, then took more into her mouth. Her tongue was quick in finding his most erogenous zones, and she used her hand to start massaging his perineum. She started moving her head up and down on his penis swiftly, taking time every now and then to run her tongue around the head. She poked her tongue into his slit and licked up the precum that had formed there. It was salty and sweet, and that encouraged her to suck harder and faster. 

"I want you to cum! Oh god, you are making me so hot for you, I want you to cum right now in my hot little mouth!" she growled impatiently, and then continued to stroke his member with her tongue. The encouragement seemed to work, as she felt his cum spray into her mouth seconds later. She took in his creamy load and swallowed, still sucking until she had milked every last drop out of him. 

Then she crawled up on the bed next to him, and for a few minutes, they just lay like that. His arms came around to encompass her, and they felt for the first time their two naked bodies together. He moved in closer. She was not expecting much more to happen tonight. He kissed the top of her head, and she returned his embrace, nuzzling her head against his chest. After awhile, she had to get up and use the bathroom. When she came back out, she noticed that now her stranger was sitting on my bed, gazing expectantly at the bathroom door. 

"You are one of the most beautiful creatures I have ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on," he whispered reverently. She made a beautiful picture, standing there in the doorway completely nude. She strode back over to him and straddled him, kissing him. For a few minutes, they lay there kissing each other. She could feel his hand move it's way down her back until it reached her ass. His hands started to knead her ass cheeks as his tongue explored her mouth. She felt herself getting aroused again, as did he. She reached between his legs and grabbed his balls, rolling them in her hand back and forth. 

His erection started growing again as she played with his balls and they kissed fervently. He seemed hungry for her as he devoured her with his mouth. Suddenly he was not gentle and romantic, but a hungry beast just dying to eat her. He stood up, taking her with him. Then he turned around again to face the bed and made her kneel on the edge of it, her pert ass sticking up at him. He seized the opportunity to slap it a couple of times before he moved his cock closer to her hole. He pushed the tip of his penis against her now well-lubricated slit. He squeezed her ass and smacked it a couple more times, causing her blood to run hot. In one swift move, he pervaded her with his erection, until it hit deep inside. He stood there for a moment, as if relishing the tightness of her pussy, then methodically began pumping it. One hand traveled from her ass to tweak a nipple and her body shuddered in delight. She was hot for him. She suddenly wanted him to screw her harder than she'd ever been fucked before. As if sensing her desire, he started to ride her harder, until neither of them was sure they could hold out any longer. 

He withdrew his penis and turned her around to face him. He picked her up so she could wrap her legs around his waist, and he let her down onto his prick. Holding her by her ass, he pushed her up and down, harder and harder. She squeezed her legs tightly around him and wrapped her arms around his neck, attempting to kiss him feverishly. But he was no longer in a kissing mood. He picked her up and pushed her against the wall. He pressed her hands against the wall and then grabbed her waist, pulling her out so that he could see her puckered ass hole. Seeming to think better of fucking her ass, he again thrust his penis into her vagina and continued to fuck her ferociously. She started screaming at him, becoming as animalistic as he, if not more. 

"Yeah, fuck me! Oh, god, you know you want to! Screw my tight little hole. I want to feel your jizz fill me up!" she spat out. At first he seemed cowed by this outbreak, but then he became more ferocious and fucked her harder and harder. She had never been so vocal before in her life. "Come on, what are you waiting for?!" she shrieked as she reached between her legs and began to massage her clit. Shit, he was good. 

"Take this you saucy little bitch!" he bellowed and soon his jizz fill her up until it poured out around his shaft. The feeling made her orgasm imminent, and shortly after, she felt her vagina begin to pulse with fervor. 

They collapsed in a heap on the bed, their bodies intertwined in exhaustion. His cum was dripping out onto her thighs, but she was too tired to care. They lay there until Adam got the initiative to pull back the covers, and then they cuddled up to each other and dozed off to sleep. She thought how wonderful it was to lay there with his arms around her. She laid her head on his shoulder and let her arm carelessly fall across his chest. 

The next morning, the alarm went off signaling that she needed to start getting ready for a meeting. She rolled over and found that Adam was no longer next to her. A little disappointed, she turned her alarm off and rolled drowsily out of bed. She stumbled toward the bathroom, replaying the events of the night before. 

When she opened the door to the bathroom, she saw Adam standing there completely nude, adjusting the water for a shower. She strode toward him confidently, and his arms found their way around her. His hands were wet from checking the water, and the droplets of water on her skin caused her to shiver. He picked her up and placed her inside the shower, and then he joined her. The water cascaded over their bodies, and she pressed herself close to him. He took the soap and worked up a good lather on the washcloth. Then, he began to patiently clean her entire body, starting with her face and working down. Before he ran the washcloth over her crotch, he leaned in and kissed it. She shivered at the unexpected contact. His practiced tongue parted her lips and he teased until her clit came out to play. Then, he tugged on it gently with his teeth. He started flicking it back and forth, and she started to roll her nipples between her fingers. As her legs began to quiver, she braced herself against the wall of the shower and spread her legs wider, to allow him more access.

She tensed as the waves of her orgasm washed over her. He pushed two fingers into her and massaged her from the inside until her orgasm subsided. She turned around and placed one of her legs up on the edge of the tub, allowing him to slide his penis into her hole. His arms reached around her and began massaging her stomach and chest as she reached between his legs and played with his tight balls. The feeling of them slapping against the backs of her legs was wonderful, but now she wanted to make him feel as good as he made her feel. As she felt another orgasm building up, she began to yell again fervently.

"Fuck, yeah! Oh shit, you feel so good! You know I want you, harder, harder! Oh my god, dammit, make me cum! Make my body quiver under yours!"

"Yeah, you like that, don't you? You like it when I pound you hard! You make me want to cum all over you! You'd like that, wouldn't you? Well I'm gonna make you beg for it!" he bellowed, and she shivered at the ferocity of his tone. He pulled out and began to smack her ass, making it turn deep shades of crimson. He threw her over one arm, and started spanking her, hard. Now she was even hotter with desire. As her ass shivered under his hand, she started to play with her nipples again. But he stopped her. With the arm he was holding her up with, he grabbed her arms and held them firm against her body. "None of that!" he bellowed authoritatively. "I am gonna do all the work!" She cowered and took the spanking, getting hotter with pent up sexual energy. "Yeah, you like that, bitch. Tell me what you want me to do to you!" 

"Oh god, fuck me! I want you to pound me, hard. Then I want you to come all over my face and chest! I am so hot for you, and I want you so bad! I love when you spank me!" she screamed back at him. That seemed to push him close to the edge, because he stood her back up so she was facing him. Then he plunged deep inside of her once more. He pushed in so hard and rapidly that she twinged in the slight pain. That really got him going, because he fucked her harder than he had yet. As she started to orgasm, he pulled out of her and began shooting his load onto her chest and all over her face. She opened her mouth, and he shot his cum into it as she stared at him blatantly and longingly. They finished cleaning themselves, then turned off the shower and stepped out into the bedroom. He delicately picked her up, all of his animalistic behavior seemingly worn off, and laid her gently on the bed. He draped his wet body over hers and began to kiss her, not roughly or passionately, but softly. His lips brushed hers, and he brought one hand up to her hair. He started to run his fingers through it, and she tightened her legs around his waist. 

He got up and began to put his clothes back onto his now dry body. She watched, unable to move. One more kiss, and he was gone. A few minutes later, she got hold of herself and finished getting ready for her meeting. As she stepped out into the hallway, a man stepped out of the room next to her. He winked, and politely asked if she had slept well. She blushed, as she realized how loud they must have been. She only nodded and continued on her way. 

That evening, she went to the bar, half hoping to see Adam again. But he was not there. He must have left. As she sat down at the bar to order a drink, the man from next door made his way over to her. "Mind if I sit here?" he asked, all the while staring at her longingly. 

"Not at all," she replied. Maybe this evening wouldn't be dull after all. "What is your name?" she queried, and his reply came to her in a barely audible whisper.

"I am William. And you?" she smiled at the irony as she answered his question.

"Monica." Yes, this was definitely going to be fun.