 Bored and tired of her mundane life, we'll call her "Daniella" let her hair down allowing a side of herself to make an appearance into a bold new chapter of her life. 

Daniella had been on an adult dating site for several months and during that time she'd corresponded with a select few. They'd shared messages establishing needs, desires and fantasies. She was cautious by nature, yet simmering below the surface was her repressed inborn feistiness, which now both needed and wanted to explore new horizons.

Throwing caution to the wind she decided she no longer cared about what her family and friends would say, should they ever discover her "naughty dirty little secrets." She giggled quietly like a naughty schoolgirl, knowing full well that if she were found out, she'd suffer some serious rebukes. Yet she had grown tired of complying with what others "expected" of her. This was her life and she was going to live it with exuberant vivacity! She owed it to herself.

She'd long held this one fantasy (amongst several others) of meeting with a stranger, and this was about to materialize.

We'll call him "Ryan." Ryan was a businessman. His suave approach, struck all the right chords, his smart words like candy to a child and it was "game on!" We shared a few mails exchanged numbers, chatted a couple of times and the plot was set in motion. 

She was to meet him at a designated hotel of his choice she was given the room number and a specified time. With her heart beating wildly the thought of pulling out at the last moment was overwhelming. But at the same time the excitement that surged through her was like something she'd never experienced. A huge risk especially knowing vey little about this man, but a risk she was ready to take.

She put on "cute" not seductively sexy lingerie (as she thinks back now, blushing) slipped on a pair of high-heeled summer sandals and a simple yet elegant summer dress. Excitement fused with a hint of apprehension welled inside her, but she was determined. She arrived at the hotel, took the lift to floor, walked down the passage checking for the room number. 

Finally! 

But at that very moment her instinct was flight! She calmed herself took a few deep breaths and knocked gently, I guess she was hoping she wouldn't be heard. But no sooner the barely audible knock, the guy opened the door slightly and greeted her. Her frayed nerves shot and she wanted to run, but something about his demeanour urged her stay. He was rather good looking, tall, well built and a lovely smile. This soothed her and he ushered her into the room. Her eyes scoured the room and back to him, he was barefoot, but had his clothes on. He walked up to her and pulled her gently yet firmly towards him and kissed her, she responded with quiet enthusiasm. His hands began tracing her body and suddenly she felt wetness and a thrill pulsating between her legs. At that point she just wanted to be taken. Yet he continued to touch, feel and kiss her. The longer he continued the more she relaxed. He didn't rush her he pleasured her allowing her resistance to subside. Somewhere between the touching and kissing the dress had been slipped off and she stood there in her underwear.

He undressed then sat back in the chair naked and motioned to her to kneel before him, her face now directly in front of his cock. The thrill of this beautiful organ right before her, her mouth dying to pleasure him orally, she so loved sucking cock! She didn't need much urging, her warm wet mouth circled the tip, then her tongue began to work its magic. Tongue twirling the rim, one of her hands held his cock firmly while the other played with his balls, as he gasped with pleasure. Her flat tongue along the underside down towards his balls up again to the tip and she took his cock into her mouth, loving the feeling of how it filled her mouth. He stood up in front of her, held her head and began thrusting slowly, then a little faster. It felt so good! The control he had over her, this delightful stranger, who was fucking her mouth. He slowed down then stopped, and helped her to her feet.

He admired her from top to toe and then pushed her onto the bed while he stood looking at her. At this point she felt a hint of panic, yet excitement, she enjoyed the bit of "roughness" and soon he was laying beside her, tracing her curves and slipping off her bra, he began kissing her nipples and fondling her perky breasts. She was so wet and just wanted to feel his cock thrust into her, she wanted him to fuck her, but he had other plans. He pulled off her panties, traced his finger along her mound down her sensitive pussy lips then his mouth and tongue began to feast on her wet hot pussy. She squirmed with pleasure raised her hips offering up her pussy to him which he devoured with great pleasure.

He really was enjoying her pussy, her taste her moans. He stopped pulled out a blindfold and covered her eyes. At this point she no longer cared, the pleasure was beyond anything she'd experienced before and she was loving every minute of it. Her sense of sight gone her other senses heightened, and he began to play. A light tickle all the way down her body, and every nerve tingled with excitement. Then a heat on her pussy, she realized he'd gone down on her once again, licks and nibbles to her sensitive clit and she shuddered, then suddenly his tongue thrust deep into her, she let out a moan of absolute bliss, again raising her hips and thrusting her pussy into his face. Alternating between feather light touches and tongue thrusting she was on the verge of an orgasm. As he continued eating her pussy his fingers found her nipples and pinched them while at the same time his tongue thrust deep into her. Her body began to shake uncontrollably as her moans of pleasure got louder and with that he thrust his hot hard cock deep into her and pounded her hard until she convulsed reaching an orgasm and he emptied his hot cum deep inside of her.

She got up showered, got dressed and left, never to see him again!