 The days passed and Layla became used to James' gentle touch and his kind eyes. Their passion was turning into an understanding of mutual satisfaction from something that had been missing in both of their lives for some time.

After an evening of drinks with their coworkers, Layla and James managed to lag behind long after their last companion retreated. They slowly sipped their drinks. Layla took in the fruity scent of her wine, while James inhaled the heady musk of bourbon. They sat close to each other intoxicated by each other's presence but wary of their surroundings. James would tell a joke or a funny story and Layla would take that opportunity to give him a smile that reached her eyes and touch him gently on his leg. He would always return her gentleness with his own kindness by caressing her arm.

There wasn't often a break in their conversation. They usually talked about work and how much she was learning at her internship. He seemed truly interested in taking her under his wing and guiding her to success. Layla knew this. She appreciated his generosity and friendship. For once, there was a silence between them. Layla gazed deep into James' crystal eyes. She was jerked back to the realization that James had a family to go back home to. Layla let a soft sigh leave her lips. James noticed. 

"What's on your mind, dear?" 

James was always genuinely concerned for her thoughts and feelings. Layla pushed her silky hair behind her ear. 

"You probably should go, baby. I imagine your wife is wondering where you are."

"No, I told her I went out with the office for drinks."

Layla wasn't expecting his honesty. They had never discussed their relationships with their spouses. Actually, Layla went to lengths to never mention his wife. Occasionally she would ask about his children, but didn't pry too deeply. The more of an emotional connection she made, the harder it would be to walk away from James when that time came. 

"We should go anyway. It's getting late."

James nodded in agreement. They left the bar walking closely to each other. James made it a point for his sport jacket to be in contact with Layla's white silk blouse that perfectly accented her sensuous and sexy curves.

"You know, I'd be all over you if we weren't in public."

"Oh, well. Then perhaps we should sit in your car. After all, you are parked way over in the corner and there aren't any street lamps over head." Layla winked at James enticing him with her sparkling eyes and devilish scent. 

James quickened his step. He adored kissing Layla. Her mouth was a perfect heart shape. Her lips were as pink as could be and as soft as pure cotton. They hastily got into James' car and turned on some background music. Layla couldn't quite make out what song was on but bobbed her head to it anyway. 

James chuckled to himself. Layla was always bobbing to a tune in her head. He loved her musical ways. She was always humming or tapping her fingers to a beat. Her voice was a constant melody in his mind. Her playfulness was just what he needed.

"Come here sweetheart. Let me kiss you."

Layla leaned over the drive shaft thankful that it was low and out of the way. She rested her head on his shoulder and took in his intoxicating scent. Each breath she took was like drinking in his life. Each breath that they took together, each heart beat, brought them closer to an understanding that they had never known, but were soon to find out.

With two fingers under her slender chin, James lifted Layla's full lips towards his. At once, he drew in the breath that she let escape from her mouth. He pressed his firm granite lips against hers and kissed her passionately. Layla felt herself become instantly enticed and excited by his passion. She was getting very wet and wanted to rip her clothes off right there.

James traced the curves of her body with his fingertips. He stroked up her spine sending chills up her back further exciting her senses. All the while, their kisses were becoming more ferocious and desperate. Layla, practically on top of James, pressed her undulating breasts against his rock hard chest. Her nipples rose to stiff peaks. James couldn't help but notice the excitement in her body. Her creamy breasts rested below his chin and he wanted to suck and nuzzle them, feel them, caress them, taste them. 

As easy as lifting a child, James brought Layla's creamy mounds towards his mouth. He took in her smell with a deep and elongated breath. Slowly he licked her skin following the curves of her breasts down into the valley between her large mounds. Her skin tasted like warm honey and he couldn't get enough of her. Gingerly, he unbuttoned the top two buttons of her blouse allowing her breasts to breath. Layla's chest was rising and falling rapidly with her excitement. James fondled her and kissed her. He pushed aside her snow white silk bra to expose the granite pink peaks that erupted from her breasts. James took her hard nipple into his mouth and nibbled gently and tugged. Layla let out a moan of pleasure that bordered on pain. Her mind was spinning with satisfaction. James swirled his tongue around her breasts taking in her taste and enjoying the pleasure that he was sure he was imparting on Layla's core.

In an almost imperceptible whisper, Layla moaned "I need you, James."

"You have me baby. I'm right here."

Layla lazily shook her head. "No. I need to taste you."

"You don't have to."

"But I want to."

James was silent. He enjoying when Layla took hold of his cock in her mouth. She was very good at it. Layla was a giver. She made sure he had every ounce of pleasure possible.

"I don't want you to do anything you don't want to sweety."

"But James, I want to. I get just as much pleasure out of it as you do. But just say the word and I won't if you don't want me to." 

James half smiled. He didn't want to take advantage of Layla. She was a good girl. But she seemed to really want to take the full length of him into her mouth and he wasn't about to deny her that. Slowly they continued to kiss. James unzipped his pants and removed his long cock. He stroked it softly until Layla was ready to take over. 

Layla found James' hand and in rhythm moved up and down his shaft with his hand. James threw his head back and closed his eyes. Layla moved her mouth towards his neck and kissed the length of his masculine jaw. Her soft tongue outlined the muscles in his neck and traced over the strong pulse beneath the surface of his creamy skin. She took in one last deep breath before plunging towards his massive length that was ready to be sucked.

Layla flicked at his head with her tongue making sure to tease him and make him squirm with pleasure. Still stroking his long cock, she swallowed the full length of his being. She took him in, stroke by stroke building his anticipation. He felt the fire build up in his thighs and chest. Layla was increasing her speed coaxing him to come in her mouth. James grabbed at Layla's tight ass and held on to her. Layla decided she was ready to be dominated. She reached with her free hand towards the hand that was fondling her ass. She took his hand and placed in on the back of her head. James was utterly surprised and excited. He let out a guttural groan that came from deep within the very center of his being. James controlled the movement of her head on his cock. He was getting close to feeling immense pleasure. It was almost unbearable. 

James moaned, "Take it in. Just a little deeper baby."

Layla responded by slurping harder and faster on his cock. James was reaching the point where every muscle in his body was rigid with anticipation. His thighs were licked with fire. His chest ached and with a final thrust into her mouth blazing white hot liquid spewed from him and trickled down Layla's throat. She continued to milk every inch of him as his body contracted with the most erotic pleasure he had every felt.

Layla slowed down her pace to let James enjoy his orgasm. His breathing was heavy but sounded satisfied. She was satisfied. She enjoyed bringing James to feel whips of lightening and fire within his manhood. 

His breathing almost back to normal, James lifted her chin and took her face towards his. They kissed again, more lazily than before, but still satisfying. Layla rested herself against his chest. James wrapped his warm comforting arms around her slender frame and held her. 

"I like you, James. I enjoy spending time with you."

"I like you too Layla. You're a wonderful person. And you're smart. I like how you challenge me intellectually when we're at work."

Layla gave him her usual crooked smile when she was flattered. She felt herself blush and turned her head so her silky curtain of hair concealed part of her face.

"Layla, can I ask you a personal question?"

"Sure. What's wrong?"

"Well, nothing is wrong. I'm just interested to know, and you don't have to answer if you don't want to. But, I want to know why you are cheating on your husband."

Layla's heart skipped a beat. She knew this conversation would eventually come up. She just hoped it wouldn't be for some time. Instead of answering him directly she posed the question back at him.

James cocked his head to the side and smiled. "Fine, I'll tell you first, then you can tell me."

James started his stories as he started all of his stories.

"The long short of it is this...I got sick a few years ago. I was in the hospital for a month. The doctors didn't have much hope for my survival. My family was flying in from everywhere because they didn't think I'd survive whatever mysterious illness I had that they couldn't diagnose. And you know what my wife did? She shopped. She spent my money. She visited me twice while I was there for a full month. There I was, half dead and she was too busy to visit me. It was then I knew it was over. I love her. But I'm not in love with her. I know if we were in dire straights, she would run for cover and never look back. It broke my heart and I never forgave her for it."

Layla had tears building up behind her eyes. She could feel the pain in James' past and reached out to hug him. 

"I'm so sorry James. That's awful."

"I'm over it, but I can't divorce her. At this point it's cheaper to keep her. She would take me down for every last penny I have. That, and she is a good mother so I'm trying to keep some semblance of a family life for my kids."

Layla nodded in understanding. Her heart went out to him. He deserved so much more. Silence ensued in the car. James broke it by saying "Your turn!"

Layla sighed. She had never revealed why love was missing from her relationship to anyone. It was embarrassing, but James gave her his truth and he deserved an honest answer.

With a long deep breath Layla began. "My husband is gay."

James' mouth dropped. He stuttered and stammered. He thought she was joking. "Shut up!" 

"Nope. I'm being dead serious."

"You can't be. I don't believe it."

"Believe it, sugar. I've always had my suspicions. And then I went snooping on his computer and found incriminating emails. I'll spare you the details because they make my stomach wrench. Just suffice it to know I was duped. I confronted him about it. It was messy but we don't really talk about it anymore. He's my best friend. We get along really well, like brother and sister. Getting married was a mistake anyway. I'm not the marrying kind. But there's no point in leaving him. We rely on each other for everything and I'm ok with that."

James could see that Layla's blood pressure was rising. She was getting upset reciting the truth about her marriage. It infuriated her, but she was stuck. James held her close and calmed her down. He looked into her eyes with a kind of compassion that she needed at that moment. She appreciated him. 

Layla pulled away from James. She needed to cry, but didn't want to do it in front of him. She muttered something about him needing to get home.

He hugged her again and wished her a goodnight. Layla got out of his car and slowly trudged towards her car. It was going to be a long and painful night.