 PART 1 -- The Elephant in the Room

==========================

"You can't say things like that, Charlie. It's too soon!" Miley wrapped her naked body in a big fluffy towel as she scolded Charlie.

Charlie climbed from Miley's pool, moving to grab a towel of his own and fitting it around his waist, "I'm sorry, Miley, I didn't mean-"

"You've only been my boyfriend for a day! I mean, it's not even been a week that we've been hanging out. It's too soon to say things like that!"

"I know, it just came out! I don't know what I was thinking. Please, Miley, just forget it."

"How can I forget it?" Miley fretted, tussling her wet hair with a hand. "You put it out there. What am I supposed to say to that, Charlie?"

"Don't say anything! I didn't mean it, I-"

"What, so you don't love me?" Miley snapped.

"No! I mean, yeah, Shit, I don't know!"

"I think you should go," Miley's tone was as cold as her blue eyes. She gathered up her pile of clothing lying on the concrete beside the backyard pool.

"Wait Miley, please. Can't we talk about this?"

"What is there to talk about? We have some great sex and all the sudden you're in love with me? I can't deal with that, Charlie. Not this soon. I just... I need some space, okay?"

Charlie opened his mouth to say something, but failed to find the words. He realized there was nothing he could say that would take it back. Resigned, he nodded and moved towards his clothes.

Once dressed and walking through the gate of Miley's fence, Charlie remembered that he didn't have a ride home; Miley had driven them from school. Luckily he didn't live too far away, only about three miles, but it was going to be a long walk with the way things just went. He cursed himself for ever opening his mouth. How could he tell Miley he loved her? She was right, it was way too soon. She probably thought he was a lovesick dork, clinging to the first girl who showed him any interest. Charlie knew he blew it with the most fantastic girl at school. That was probably the end of the romance between Charlie White and Miley Andrews, he thought.

=====

"You've been having sex with him?" came Stacy's shocked voice through Miley's cell phone. "I can't believe you! Hand jobs are one thing, Miley, but...!"

"I know, I know," Miley said, curled on her bed. She felt confused about what happened, and guilty about forcing Charlie away. Miley needed to talk to someone and had told Stacy everything regarding the previous few days.

"Well it's no wonder he told you he loved you," Stacy said. "Most girls at school hardly even talk to him, much less spread their legs. I mean, he was a virgin, right? He's probably got a total puppy crush on you now."

"I was a virgin too!" Miley protested. "I didn't suddenly feel the urge to profess my love."

"That's so different!" Stacy's countered. "You were a virgin by choice.

Miley rubbed her eyes, "You're right. God Stacy, what am I going to do? Things just moved so fast with Charlie. I mean, one day I barely know him, and five days later I'm telling him I'm his girlfriend and we're fucking in my pool. What was I thinking?"

"Well, do you like him?"

"Yes, of course I do. I like him a lot."

"Do you love him?"

Miley thought about that for a second, "I don't know. Can a person know that in five days?"

"I think so? Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette got married a day after they met in 'True Romance'. That was so romantic..."

"This isn't a movie! This is my life we're talking about."

"I know, I know. Calm down, Miley. Geez."

"What am I going to do, Stace? What am I going to say to him tomorrow at school?"

"Hell if I know," Stacy replied. "This is why we agreed not to date high school boys, remember? They get all clingy."

"He's not clingy. He's just inexperienced with girls. That's one of the things I like about him, actually. He's honest."

"What do you want me to say, Miley? If you like him that much just talk to him; maybe tell him you guys need to slow things down. You two should try going out on an actual date, get to know one another instead of jumping right into the sack every time you see each other."

Miley breathed out a soft laugh, "You're right. That's a really good idea."

"You're welcome," Stacy said.

"Thank you. You're the best, Stace."

"I love you," Stacy teased in a sing-song voice.

Miley giggled, relieved after talking to her friend, "I love you too, see you tomorrow."

Hanging up the phone, Miley sighed and stretched out on her bed. She wondered how Charlie was doing; he probably felt awful, she thought. She considered calling him but felt it was best if they had some space.

=====

"You've been having sex with Miley Andrews?!?" Brian's stunned voice came through Charlie's cell phone. "Dude! That's so awesome!"

"I know. But I blew it," Charlie replied, laying on his bed in defeat. "I'm such an idiot."

"Yeah you are," Brian confirmed. "You never tell a girl you love her unless she says it first."

"How would you know? Have you ever had a girlfriend?"

"Dude, low blow, okay? But c'mon, every guy knows that. That's like 'Relationships 101'."

"I know, I know. You're right," Charlie admitted. "It just slipped out. I didn't mean to say it."

"That sucks, dude. What are you going to do?"

"I don't know. She probably doesn't want to have anything to do with me anymore. You should have seen her, I totally freaked her out."

There was a long pause before Brian asked, "You want to come over and play some 'Modern Warfare'?"

=====

It took three tries before Charlie worked the proper combination on his locker the following morning. He hadn't gotten much sleep and couldn't stop playing out the events from the previous day in his mind. It was like his brain was on a continuous slow motion loop of him telling Miley he loved her. How could three simple words screw things up so much? He wanted to go find Miley and try to talk to her, but Charlie feared pushing the issue would just make it worse. With a sigh, he grabbed first period books and headed to homeroom.

The whole morning was miserable for Charlie. He wanted to know where he stood with Miley and was unable to focus on his classes; nothing seemed capable of getting his thoughts off of her. It wasn't until his last class before lunch that Charlie finally got some sign from Miley in the form of a text.

DIVINOS - LUNCH HOUR 

DiVino's was a popular spot for students to go if they didn't want cafeteria lunch; a bistro-style pizza joint within walking distance of school. Unfortunately, Charlie couldn't get anything from the tone of the text. He had no idea where Miley's head was at and found it likely that he was going to get dumped over a slice of pepperoni.

As soon as the bell rang signaling the end of class Charlie hurried to meet Miley. Whatever his fate was to be, Charlie wanted to get it over with. He didn't see Miley or her car when he arrived at DiVino's, so Charlie assumed he beat her there. As he moved to go inside a rather large young man stepped in Charlie's path, preventing him from entering the restaurant. His name was Brock, the star middle linebacker on the school's football team. Charlie knew him well and had been the target of Brock's bullying since middle school.

"Hey, White." Brock spoke in a deep voice, "What are you doing here? Didn't you know? No dorks allowed."

Pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose, Charlie replied, "I'm meeting someone, and I really don't need this today, Brock."

A couple of Brock's cronies sitting at an outdoor table noticed the encounter and got up, moving to support their teammate. As though Brock needed any help, Charlie thought; he probably outweighed Charlie by fifty pounds.

"What, is there a dork convention here today or something?" Brock joked, his two buddies laughing at him. "Get lost, White."

"No," Charlie refused.

"What did you say?" Brock asked, his face twisting with annoyance.

"I'm not going anywhere, Brock."

The fist came so fast that Charlie didn't even see it coming. Before he even realized that Brock had punched him, Charlie was laying on his back on the hard concrete sidewalk. A salty taste assaulted his lips and Charlie lifted a hand to his nose, seeing blood on the tips of his fingers.

"Charlie!!!" came Miley's urgent voice from somewhere, mingled with laughter from Brock and his buddies.

"Miley?" Charlie called weakly, still dazed.

"Oh my god! Charlie!" Miley ran from her car to the sidewalk, kneeling beside Charlie. She was frantic with worry, putting a hand under Charlie's head so that it wasn't on the hard cement, "Are you okay, baby?"

"I think so?"

"You fucking asshole!" Miley yelled over her shoulder at Brock, which went far in silencing the laughs coming from the jock's direction.

"What's with you, Miley?" Brock asked. "You a dork-lover now? I heard rumors."

"Just stay away from him, okay?" Miley helped the bloodied Charlie to his feet, "Otherwise I'll make your life a living hell and tell everyone about your little dick."

"Whatever," Brock dismissed the threat, though he seemed to think Miley would do it by the way he backed down. "Let's go guys."

"Are you okay?" Miley asked again, turning her worried focus back to Charlie.

"I'm fine," Charlie said, wiping blood from his upper lip.

"C'mon baby," Miley said, her arm around Charlie's waist. "Let's get you cleaned up."

She took Charlie to her car, putting him in the passenger seat, then moved around to the driver's seat and dug into her purse.

"I'm fine, Miley, really. Just another blow to my ego."

"Hush," Miley commanded, producing some tissues. "You don't have anything to be embarrassed about. Brock is an over-hormonal thug on steroids."

"Tell me about it," Charlie agreed. "He's made a sport of bullying me since seventh grade. I think he was the same size then as he is now."

With a tender touch Miley started dabbing a tissue against Charlie's nose, "He's over-compensating for his needle-sized dick. A product of the steroids, no doubt."

Lifting his chin to accommodate Miley's dabbing, Charlie was almost afraid to ask, "How do you know- ow! That stings. How do you know how big his dick is?"

Miley winced at Charlie's pain and then grinned gently at his query, "Don't worry; I've never seen it or anything. Darla used to date him. She's seen the entire football team naked, no doubt."

Charlie chuckled, but the stinging pain in his nose quickly distracted him from the humor.

"Brock may have the body of an ape," Miley continued, wiping up a little more blood with a fresh tissue. "But he'll never make the girls moan like you can, baby."

"I like your bedside manner," Charlie commented. "You always seem to know how to make me feel better about myself."

Miley frowned, feeling guilty after his kind words, "Charlie, I need to apologize."

"You do?" Charlie sounded surprised.

"I was a real bitch yesterday, and I'm sorry. Things have been going so fast between us that, well, I got a little scared, that's all. I shouldn't have gone all 'ice-queen' on you and made you walk home. Will you forgive me?"

"Forgive you?" Charlie almost laughed. "I came here thinking you would break up with me."

"Break up with you?" Miley's cute face scrunched up with confusion, "Why would I break up with you?"

"I thought maybe you figured I was a lovesick loser or something. You looked totally freaked-out yesterday." Charlie looked down at his lap, "I never should have said what I said. It's just that sometimes I have trouble saying what I mean."

Miley took Charlie's hand and held it between both of hers, "Why don't you try telling me what you meant now?"

Charlie tried to recall what was going through his mind when he told Miley he loved her, "What I wanted to tell you was how incredible you make me feel when we're together. How you make me want to be a better person because I feel like I don't deserve a girl as amazing as you."

Miley's head tilted as she listened to Charlie, her expression growing warm.

"You're so confident, I love that about you, and you make me feel more confident about myself. I can't stop thinking about you, and when I'm not with you all I can think about is seeing your smile again. You're beautiful, you make me laugh, you're smart, and well, I guess 'I love you' was just the short version."

Wrapping her arms around Charlie's neck and shoulders, Miley embraced him tightly, "That's the sweetest thing any guy has ever said to me."

"Really?" Charlie asked, hugging back.

Miley nodded, wiping a tear from her eye and laying her head on Charlie's shoulder, "Let's go out tonight. Want to see a movie or something?"

"Sure, yeah. That'd be cool."

"I'll pick you up after school?"

"How about I pick you up?" Charlie suggested.

"I thought you didn't have a car?"

"I'll borrow my mom's car. If I tell her I'm going on a date with you she'll probably even give me gas and movie ticket money."

"Seriously?" Miley laughed.

"Yeah. After going almost all the way through high school without a date, I think she's just relieved to know I'm into girls."

Miley laughed again, kissing Charlie's cheek, "Well big guy, you've got a date with a girl tonight. Pick me up at six."

=====

As predicted, Charlie's mom had no problem letting her son take out the car. Even though Miley owned her own car, Charlie didn't like the idea of depending on her to drive them everywhere. On his way to pick her up, Charlie considered getting a job; he was beginning to realize a social life costs money!

Charlie got to meet Miley's parents when he went to her door. Her mom was beautiful and looked like an older version of Miley, with the same blue eyes and dark brunette hair. She gave Charlie a funny look, like she was thinking 'what is my daughter doing with this skinny geek'. Miley's step-dad had the same look, but was more polite and shook Charlie's hand.

He didn't care about either of them. Charlie was only interested in Miley, who looked absolutely stunning. She was wearing a black mini skirt that fell to mid-thigh, black strappy heels, and a midriff baring top that had less material than your common hanky. Miley had gone out of her way to look pretty for him, and was fully made up with a touch of glitter sprinkled around her face. Once again she made Charlie feel bland, who was wearing a simple pair of khaki pants and a button down shirt. Not that she seemed to mind; Miley was beaming to see him. She especially loved the fact that Charlie thought to bring her flowers.

Miley picked the movie. She chose the newest slasher flick showing at their local multi-theater. After getting the required bucket of popcorn, candy, and sodas they selected seats near the back of the theater. Charlie protested, usually preferring to sit closer to the screen, but Miley insisted they choose a row towards the rear.

Twenty minutes into the movie people started to die, in horrifying and grizzly ways. It all seemed laughable to Charlie, who didn't really like horror pictures, but Miley kept squealing every time something startling or bloody occurred and grabbing Charlie's arm or hand. He liked that part and Charlie made a mental note to take Miley to more horror movies.

"Hold me," Miley said at one point, leaning into Charlie and drawing his arm around her. She laid her head at Charlie's shoulder and slipped both arms around his torso, cuddling close.

Halfway through the movie came the inevitable sex scene, which (of course) involved a topless and attractive young female. Charlie watched the scene as he held Miley, smelling her intoxicating perfume, trying his hardest to think of anything but sex. But the harder Charlie tried, the harder his penis got.

Without a single word or glance, her eyes still on the movie, Miley moved her hand to Charlie's lap. She felt his thickening monster through his pants and gave it several squeezes, which only made him grow more erect.

"Miley...?!" Charlie hissed when she unbuttoned his pants. She didn't say a word, slipping her hand beneath the hem of Charlie's boxers. He took in a heavy breath and shivered lightly when Miley grasped his shaft. Her hand felt warm as she very slowly gave him a few strokes.

Miley cuddled closer against Charlie's side, pivoting her body toward him to gain better access to his crotch. She continued to slowly rub her grip up and down his length, occasionally letting her fingernails drag along the soft underside of Charlie's cock.

Since it was a weeknight the theater wasn't very crowded; there were just a few people sitting several rows in front of them. Charlie looked around, just to make sure no one was looking, and he realized no one would have a view of his lap unless they were sitting in the same row as he and Miley. Thankfully, no one was.

"It's okay baby," Miley whispered. "No one can see us."

"Is this why you wanted to sit in the back?" Charlie asked, equally as quiet.

Miley grinned. She continued to lazily stroke him with just enough motion to keep him fully erect and shifting in his chair, "You don't mind, do you? I missed your cock."

"Since yesterday?" Charlie asked quietly.

Miley nodded against his shoulder, "I missed you too, Charlie. What you said earlier, at lunch, I'm the same way. I think about you all the time when we're apart. I'm sorry I was such a bitch; let me make it up to you?"

"Um, okay," Charlie readily agreed, no longer paying any attention to the movie.

Opening his pants further, and pushing the elastic band of his boxers down, Miley freed Charlie's penis. "I want to make you cum," she whispered.

"We'll make a mess," Charlie fretted quietly.

"I don't want you to worry about that," Miley soothed. "Just relax and let me jerk you off. I'll swallow your mess into my tummy so we don't get it all over."

Sitting back for a moment, Miley slipped her hand down under her skirt. She whispered, "Seeing your cock again has me turned on." Her hand re-appeared, slick with her own arousal which she used to lubricate Charlie's length. "I think I need to start carrying some lube in my purse," she giggled.

"God Miley, that feels so good," Charlie muttered, his arm still around her shoulders.

Miley shifted until she was practically in Charlie's lap, her head nestled in the nook where his shoulder and arm met. "I know," she cooed. "You like getting masturbated don't you?"

"Y-yeah..."

"I know you do baby. And I like to jerk you off." Miley's hand pumped him with a steady pace, "Your big thing gets so hard and throbby when I touch it, begging me to give it release. I can't help myself."

Neither of them paid any attention to the movie, they were too wrapped up in their own erotic romance. To any casual onlookers they would appear a young couple in love, curled into a cuddling embrace. But Miley's fist was working Charlie's erection between them, hidden, sliding up and down his length with smooth and slick pumps. When she sensed he was growing too excited she would pause, letting his cock twitch in the air a little until he calmed down, then Miley would go back to jacking him off or teasing her fingernails against his taut scrotum.

"Aren't you getting close, baby?" Miley teased. "Don't you want to cum for me?"

"Oh god Miley... you've had me so close..."

Miley lifted her head, kissing Charlie near his ear. She whispered, "Do you want me to suck on it? It's so big, I can't take much of you, but your cock-head looks so yummy. Want me to suck on it like a lollipop?"

Charlie closed his eyes, his head rolling back against the theater seat. He was right on the edge of orgasm and Miley was holding him there. Her hand was stroking him slowly as she talked dirty, and Miley knew all too well that a faster pace would make him erupt almost immediately.

"Is that what you want, Charlie? To shoot your sticky cum into my mouth and make me swallow it? Hmm?"
