 PART 1 - Prom-gate

===================

Peering into her locker mirror between classes, Miley tucked a curly tendril of her dark hair behind an ear and freshened her lip gloss. She saw Adrian approach in the reflection behind her.

"Hey Miley." Adrian said, leaning casually against the next door locker.

"Hey Adrian." Miley smiled. "What's up cutie?"

Adrian was the male version of Miley at school; popular and good looking. He was a star athlete and the baseball team's best pitcher. Most of the girls at school had a crush on him since he was cute, charming, well-dressed, and from a wealthy family. Miley had always liked Adrian, he was friendly and more humble than most of the other jocks, though she never felt any romantic chemistry.

"I was wondering if you had a date to the prom yet?" Adrian asked.

Miley blinked, "Prom? God, I forgot all about it. I've had so much on my mind lately, when is it again?"

"It's in four weeks, the first weekend of May." Adrian replied, "So no one's asked you?"

Miley shook her head. Charlie hadn't brought it up, though with everything they'd been going through it occurred to Miley that he forgot all about it too. " Uh, no..." Miley replied distractedly.

"Do you want to be my date? My dad has a brand new Corvette at one of his dealerships and he said I could take it for the night. I thought we could have a nice dinner and..."

"I'm sorry." Miley interrupted. "That's really sweet Adrian, but I'm dating Charlie now. I'm sure we're going to go together."

"Charlie White? I heard a rumor you were going out with him, but I thought it was just gossip."

"For once the rumors were true." Miley smiled, "But thanks anyways. I'd have totally taken you up on the offer otherwise."

"That's cool." Adrian smiled, "Charlie's a lucky guy."

=====

"Prom?" Charlie asked, his face twisting.

"Yeah, it's in four weeks." Miley said as the two ate lunch side by side, on one of the school's picnic tables. "I totally forgot about it until Adrian asked me to go with him this morning."

"Wait... Adrian Miller?"

Miley nodded, picking at some fruit with a plastic fork.

"Adrian Miller asked you to prom?" Charlie asked, a hint of jealousy in his voice.

Miley grinned at him, "Yes. Don't worry sweetie, I turned him down. I told him I was going with my adorably cute boyfriend." She leaned aside and kissed Charlie's cheek.

"Prom..." Charlie repeated, considering.

"What's the matter?" Miley asked, sensing Charlie's hesitation. "Don't you want to go?"

"Not really?" Charlie answered.

"Charlie. It's our senior prom. You don't want to take me?"

"Miley, most of the kids at this school treat me like dirt. The last thing I want to do is go hang out with them at some stupid dance."

"It's not just a stupid dance, Charlie." Miley was growing irritated, "And it's not about everyone else. It's about me, and a hot dress, and a corsage, and dancing with my boyfriend."

"I don't even like dancing... couldn't we just go see a movie or something that night?"

"A movie!?" Miley exclaimed. "You want to skip prom and take me to a movie!?!"

"Miley, calm down, I just..."

"Don't tell me to calm down!" Miley snapped, getting up from the table. "I can't believe you Charlie! It's our senior prom and you won't take me?"

"Miley, please, just sit..." Charlie started to urge.

"Just forget it!" Miley interrupted, angry. "If you won't take me to prom I'll just have to find someone who will!" With that she stalked off towards the school, leaving a shell-shocked Charlie alone with his lunch.

=====

"Trouble in paradise?" Stacy asked, trying to hide her smirk.

Miley was too busy staring daggers into Charlie's back to notice Stacy's expression anyways. The two sat together as lab partners in Biology, a class shared with Charlie who sat at a table closer to the front of the room.

"Charlie, my /ass/ of a boyfriend, doesn't want to take me to prom." Miley fumed.

Stacy had to bite her lips to keep from giggling.

Miley looked aside at her best friend. "What's so damn funny?"

"You and Charlie." Stacy replied, grinning. "There's always some new catastrophe with you two. First it was the 'I Love You Scandal', now it's 'Prom-gate'. You're like a tabloid couple. It's all sex and drama..."

"Well, Charlie's not going to be having sex anytime soon." Miley said, turning to bore some more holes into Charlie's back with her eyes. "I can promise you that."

Stacy stifled another giggle.

=====

"What's up with you and Miley?" Brian asked, glancing over his shoulder. "She's giving you the Vulcan Death Stare."

Charlie sighed, afraid to look. "She blew up at me because I don't want to go to prom." He tried to focus on their biology lab project instead of Miley.

"Why don't you want to go to prom?" Brian wondered.

"I... can't dance." Charlie whispered, not wanting anyone to overhear.

"So?" Brian retorted.

"So... I'll make a fool of myself!" Charlie hissed.

"Well, you better learn quick dude. Miley looks seriously pissed."

"I know... I know..." Charlie lamented, "She even threatened to go with someone else, can you believe that?"

"Dude, you have to put the kibosh on that." Brian warned.

Glancing at Brian, Charlie asked "What do you mean?"

"Prom is like the world's leading cause of virginity loss."

Charlie gave Brian a quizzical look, "What are you talking about?"

"Dude, think." Brian chided, "Girls get all crazy-horny for prom; something about the combination of dresses, flowers, and dancing puts the zap on their heads. If some other dude takes Miley to prom, you really think he won't try and have sex with your girlfriend?"

"Damn, you're totally right." Charlie said, suddenly looking very worried.

"I know I'm right, dude."

=====

Miley was so angry with Charlie that she refused to even talk to him. She blocked his texts, refused his calls, and ignored him at school. Miley couldn't believe that Charlie didn't want to take her to prom! She briefly considered making good on her threat to find someone else to go with, just to make Charlie jealous, but the truth was that Miley didn't want to go with anyone else.

So her cold war continued for the rest of the week. She and Charlie had their argument on Monday, and by Friday he still hadn't asked her to prom. Miley was starting to doubt that Charlie would ever give in. She missed him horribly, and what was worse, she was getting horny.

"I'm so fucking horny." Miley declared as she and Stacy had lunch together in the cafeteria. Miley looked Charlie's way, where he was sitting with Brian, and glared at him.

"Waaay too much information." Stacy replied, flipping through a magazine and doing her best to ignore Miley (who had been unbearably crabby all week). "But thank you for sharing."

"I can't believe Charlie." Miley continued to fume. "How can he not want to go to prom with me? He's such a jerk."

"Uh-huh." Stacy said blandly, turning a page.

Folding her arms across her chest and pouting, Miley asked "What are you doing tonight?"

"Oh, um..." Stacy searched for an excuse. "Nothing. I have a lot of homework to do, so I'll probably stay home."

"Well I need some sex. This is getting ridiculous."

"Lord take me now..." Stacy muttered.

=====

As Charlie was walking towards the bus home after school, he saw Miley waiting for him. She looked adorable in designer jeans, a baby doll tee, and her curly black tendrils were tied back in a pony tail. But she also looked extremely irritated. Charlie feared her wrath and considered walking home.

"There you are." Miley approached, spotting him before Charlie could escape.

"Hey sweetie..." Charlie started.

"Don't you 'sweetie' me." Miley snapped, grabbing Charlie's hand and dragging him towards the student parking lot. "Come on."

"What's up?" Charlie asked, following along, but he got no answer.

Miley led Charlie to her waiting BMW. They got in, and without a word Miley started to drive.

"Uh... where are we going?" Charlie finally asked.

"I'm not talking to you, Charlie." Miley scowled.

"Okay..." Charlie shut his mouth.

Once Miley turned into his neighborhood Charlie started to get curious what Miley was up to, as she was clearly driving towards his house. Sure enough, she pulled into his driveway and killed the engine. He looked at Miley curiously.

"Your room." was all Miley said, getting out of the car.

Charlie unlocked the house door and entered with Miley. He barely had time to drop his school bag when she grabbed him by the wrist and marched towards Charlie's bedroom. Once there, she started taking her clothes off.

"Uh, Miley? What's going on, can't you just talk to me?"

"Are you ready to ask me to prom?" Miley asked, wriggling her jeans off her hips.

Charlie furrowed his brow, "Not yet."

"Then I'm still mad at you, but I'm also horny. So take your clothes off. Don't think for a second that I'm letting you off the hook though!"

"You want to have sex??"

"It's not fair that I have to suffer too." Miley said, pulling her panties off next. "So I'm going to use your big cock for a little while and then you can get back to going to hell until you come to your senses."

"Miley, this is crazy... I'm not going to have sex with you when you're mad at me."

Miley lifted her tee shirt off and unclasped her bra, "No? Then I guess I'll just have to masturbate all by my lonesome on your bed, because I'm not leaving until I have a nice cum."

Charlie watched as Miley sat on his bed and laid back, facing him with her nude body. She played with her breasts, the small mounds of flesh barely filling her palms. "Are you sure you don't want to fuck me?" she said seductively, pinching her own nipples.

"C'mon Miley, this is silly..."

Miley licked two of her fingers and moved them down between her legs, which were spread wide and displaying her bald pussy. "What's silly is my boyfriend not taking me to prom. What's silly is that I haven't gotten laid in a week because my boyfriend is being a butthead."

Charlie stared at Miley's perfect naked body, her petite and tan frame as arousing as ever. She was circling her two fingers around her clit, staring right back.

"Don't you want to be inside me, Charlie? Don't you want to shove that big cock of yours up into my hot cunt? I'm already wet... I bet you'd slip right into me..."

Charlie was having difficulty resisting. Miley's pussy was getting wetter and wetter as she masturbated, the juices of her arousal glistening on her ass cheeks.

"I know you want it." Miley cooed, "I can see you staring at my tight little box, thinking about how good it would feel. Is your cock getting hard? I bet after a week your balls are just full of your spermies, all of them dying to come shooting out..."

She was right, Charlie was rock hard, his penis bulging against his jeans. Miley made it even worse when she dipped her two fingers within her slit, then lifted them to her glossy lips.

"Mmm, I taste so good. Too bad I'm not licking my flavor off your monstrous fuck-stick, hm?"

He couldn't take it anymore. Charlie unfastened his pants and pushed them, along with his boxers, off his legs. His erect shaft popped free and dangled in the air, already hard and twitching with arousal. Stepping up to the side of the bed, Charlie took Miley's ankles and lifted them into the air.

Miley beamed with victory, "Fuck it into me, Charlie. Give me my cock, I need it... ohhhhh, yes. Fill me, fill me up Charlie..."

With a grunt Charlie was in, his length sliding into her wet slit easily. Miley's ankles fell over his shoulders, the backs of her thighs pressed against his torso. Both of them were heated with arousal and fueled by a week of abstinence, falling into an immediate rhythm of humping.

"Oh god, it's so fucking big..." Miley groaned, "I missed your cock so much Charlie, fuck me good... I need to cum so bad..."

Charlie reached down and grabbed two handfuls of Miley's breasts, his torso pushing her legs back against her. Honey poured from Miley's sex, her sticky arousal dripping out of her pussy and running down her ass. She was already cumming, moaning and quivering beneath Charlie as he pounded his hips and drove his cock into her depths.

"No deeper... Charlie, oh god... you're too deep... I can feel you in my womb... in my tummy... I'm cumming... Charlie... OH GOD!!!"

Charlie was gasping, trying to hold back his orgasm. Miley had only been on her birth control pills for about a week and he didn't know if they were safe yet, so he withdrew before he was past the point of no return. He stepped back, his cock twitching and pulsing in the air, hoping Miley would finish him off.

But as Miley slowly recovered, her writhing body relaxing, she just lay there for a few moments in the after-bliss of her orgasm.

"Miley..." Charlie pleaded.

She looked his way, "Poor thing, do you need to cum?"

Charlie nodded. "Miley, please..."

"I'm still mad at you, Charlie. You're going to have to finish yourself." Miley sat up, reaching for her panties "You can cum in these if you like?" she offered, dangling them from a finger.

Charlie frowned, but he needed release. He took himself into hand and started to stroke his cock, staring at Miley's naked form as she sat on his bed.

Miley giggled, "That's it, you naughty boy. Jerk your cock off, let's see it shoot. Make it spit up all those hot sticky sperms..." She stretched her panties out in both hands, holding them out for Charlie at waist level. "C'mon Charlie... be a dirty boy and cum in my nice panties."

Charlie grunted, aiming his cock towards Miley's little cotton briefs. After a few more strokes his orgasm came with a gasp. His erection expanded and heaved, working the semen up his shaft until it came shooting out in thick wads. "Oh fuck..." Charlie groaned.

Miley giggled, catching every drop into her panties. "Look at it all, Charlie, my god... too bad I'm so mad at you. It would have been nice to have your nice warm goo inside me..."

"Miley... I love you, can't we..." Charlie said, shoulders slumping after his release.

"Forget it Charlie." Miley frowned, folding up her sticky panties and leaving them on Charlie's bed. "I'm back to not talking to you." She got up and gathered the rest of her clothes, stalking out of his room.

PART 2 - Drama and Sex

===================

After leaving Charlie's, Miley tried to go home and do some studying. She sat in her room staring at her English book, and realized that nearly an hour had gone by and she hadn't even read one page. Her mind was fixed on Charlie. Her anger at him was mostly for show; she only wanted him to know how much prom meant to her. She couldn't figure out why he was being so stubborn and not asking her to prom, or why he didn't want to go in the first place. Sighing, Miley snapped the book closed. She contemplated how much her life had changed since Charlie entered it. (Studying on a Friday night... how nerdy.) Miley decided she needed to get out of the house. She needed to shop.

But not even the mall seemed to get Miley's mind off Charlie. Usually shopping cheered her up from any funk, but everywhere she looked she saw other couples holding hands and having fun together. It reminded Miley of the previous weekend, when her and Charlie were at the mall. She was so happy that day. Thinking about how much fun they had nearly caused Miley to give in. She considered driving to Charlie's and letting him off the hook for prom, just so they could go back to the way things were. But no... she couldn't give in. Not yet.

Maybe Stacy could help her get her mind off things, Miley thought, so she left the mall and drove towards her best friend's house. Rounding the corner onto Stacy's street, Miley saw a familiar looking car in the driveway. It looked like Olivia's car, Charlie's mom. But what would she be doing at Stacy's? Miley pulled over and parked across the street, shutting her lights off. But before she opened her car door to get out, Miley froze.

She saw Charlie coming out of Stacy's house, and Stacy was with him. They paused on the front step, chatted for a moment, then hugged.

"I'm going to kill him..." she muttered when Stacy kissed Charlie's cheek. Miley watched her boyfriend wave goodbye to her best friend, then walk to his car.

=====

Stacy opened her door after hearing a knock right after Charlie had left. "Did you forget someth... Miley? What are you doing here?"

"YOU BITCH!!!" Miley cursed.

"Miley!? What the fuck is wro..."

"I /thought/ I was coming to hang out with my best friend, but that was before I found out she was stealing my boyfriend!"

"Miley! I am not stealing your..." Stacy started.

"Don't lie to me!" Miley yelled, "I saw him. You two were all lovey-dovey. How long have you been sleeping with him, huh?!" Tears streamed from Miley's blue eyes, "How could you?!"

Stacy moved out to the front steps to face off against Miley, "You need to relax Miley; I am not sleeping with your boyfriend. Jesus! How could you even think that? You and I have been best friends since we were four years old!"

"Then what was he doing over here?!" Miley demanded, wiping tears from her cheek. "He hasn't been getting any from me so he comes over here to satisfy his needs now? Is that it?"

Stacy lifted a hand to her forehead, "Oh my god... you are unbelievable Miley." She sighed, "It was supposed to be a surprise..."

"What was, that you're fucking my man?" Miley scowled. "Surprise Miley! I'm a backstabbing bitch and fucking your boyfriend!"

"No Miley." Stacy replied calmly, drained from all the drama. "That I'm showing him how to dance."

Miley's face twisted up in confusion.

"For prom, you dummy." Stacy explained. "He's scared of embarrassing himself at prom, and Charlie asked me if I would help him learn how to dance. He's been coming over every night this week."

"Dancing...?" Miley said.

"Yes, and he's been learning fast. He did great tonight; he's ready to shake a leg. When he left I hugged him and gave him a peck on the cheek... that's all. I was proud of him, what can I say?"

Miley propped her hands on her hips, still not sure if she believed Stacy. "If he wants to go to prom so bad then why hasn't he asked me?"

"He's planning on asking you tomorrow." Stacy replied. "He even bought you a dress."

Miley's eyebrows rose as she sniffled.

"You remember that red one you were looking at like two months ago, the one at the mall?"

"Yeah..." Miley recollected.

"I told him to get it. I told him your size and everything. He's picking it up in the morning and planning on bringing it over to your house and asking you to go to prom with him. He's been planning this all week."

"Oh my god..." Miley whispered, wiping more tears away and suddenly feeling very foolish.

"He felt so bad about upsetting you..." Stacy continued, "...that he wanted to do something really romantic to make it up to you. That's why he hasn't told you."

"Oh my god." Miley repeated, "Oh my god, Stacy, I'm so sorry..."

"Whatever." Stacy said. "I just can't wait for you two to start speaking again. You've been a crabby snot all week."

Miley giggled.

Stacy grinned.

"I can't believe I accused you of stealing my boyfriend." Miley said, lifting a hand to cover her smile. "I'm such a bitch!"

"Tell me about it." Stacy agreed. "I've got you all day at school, telling me how horny you are and how much of a jerk your boyfriend is... then I have Charlie here every night, whining about how much he misses you. This drama has to stop. I can't handle it, Miley.

Miley laughed. "Oh my fucking god... Stacy, I am /so/ sorry. Can you forgive me?"

Stacy held her arms out, "Of course sweetheart, anything for my best friend."

Miley hugged her, "You're the coolest best friend ever."
