 INTRODUCTION

Roger Boyer was a 20 year old junior in the Engineering School of the local college. He still lived at home and commuted to school. He was paying his own way through school and he had just started tutoring high school students in math. Being and engineering student he was very proficient with math. 

He was a swimmer and had swum for the high school team but now he did it just to stay fit. Roger was also a runner and his 6'2" 190 pound frame was well toned. Between college work and tutoring he stayed quite busy although he still did find the time for girls. 

Having a steady girlfriend was not really his thing as they always tried to control his schedule. He liked playing the field and enjoyed a variety of sex partners. Roger was well-endowed and many a girl tried to keep him to themselves but that was not his thing.

His most recent tutoring job was for the Boyer family. Lara and only child was an 18 year old senior at a private school. Roger tutored her every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon. Lara's parents Richard and Madeline were well-to-do and active in the community. Richard's business was very successful and Madeline did not need to work. However she was on a few local boards and well known in social circles. She was always at home when Roger was tutoring Lara and it was a good thing she was there.

Lara was a very pretty girl with a shapely 35-26-35 figure that was well hidden under the school uniform. She was 5'6" and weighed a fit 130 pounds. Her long silky hair was auburn in color and cascaded over her shoulders down to the shoulder blades. She had emerald green eyes that just seemed to shine and melt boy's hearts.

The parents were very strict and Lara was never allowed to be alone in the house with a friend, boy or girl. Madeline insisted that she wear the school uniform while she was being tutored. Her mother did not want the tutor tempted by her daughter's shapely body. However it had just the opposite effect as Roger found the school uniform to be very sexy.

The high school colors were maroon, white and gray. The girl's uniform consisted of a light blue button-down shirt; a maroon, white and gray striped tie; a navy blue blazer; solid gray pleated skirt, maroon socks that came up over the knee and black shoes. The skirt was short and cut about 8" above the knee. Roger found the exposed thigh below the skirt and above the socks to be very alluring.

Tutoring always took place at the kitchen table with the mother never very far away. Roger was handsomely paid for his work and according to the high school teacher Lara's math was improving. The parents wanted her to be accepted to an elite private college and Lara needed to raise her math grade to do so. Richard was a large donor to the school and that would help as well. 

Lara had a boyfriend but it was always difficult for them to have sex anywhere but in his car. Most if the time it was oral with her sucking cock and him eating pussy. Once in a while they were abler to have intercourse. Her boyfriend Martin had an average size cock and Lara liked it. Of course it was the only one she ever had in her young life.

Sometimes at tutoring she would notice that Roger got a boner. Although it was difficult to see it looked quite large in his pants. She knew that guys at school got erections too during class and the girls used to giggle about their predicaments. She never knew that it was her creamy bare thighs that gave Roger his woody. Lara had become curious about Roger's cock and she suddenly had a desire to see it but she knew that was unlikely.

THE SEDUCTION

One Tuesday Richard was out of town on business and Madeline received an emergency phone call. Her mother was ill and Madeline was going to take her to the urgent care center. She tried to get in touch with Roger to cancel the tutoring session but was unable to reach him.

"Lara, I have to take mother to the ER. I don't know how long I will be but I don't expect I will be home before 8:00 PM. I tried to call Roger and cancel your tutoring today but I could not get ahold of him. When he arrives tell him the session is cancelled for today and he will be paid for it."

"Okay mother, I hope grandmother will be okay."

"Thank you dear, now remember the rules, no one is allowed in the house when you are alone."

"Yes mother, I remember."

Madeline then left the house at 4:00 PM and Lara was excited. At first she thought to call Martin and sneak him in the back way. Then she remembered that Roger was coming over at 4:30 and she would have to send his away before Martin could come over. Thinking about Roger, she changed her mind. She decided to let Roger stay for tutoring and she would try to get him to show her his big cock. Lara was excited by the prospect and her panties were damp under her uniform skirt when the doorbell rang.

She answered the door and greeted him. "Hi Roger, come on in."

Roger entered the house and they went to the kitchen table as always. He was surprised that Madeline had not greeted him as she always made her presence known. 

"Is your mother upstairs?"

"No she had to leave at the last minute to take my grandmother to the doctor. She won't be home until late."

"I should leave then. I know your parents don't want me in the house with you alone. They were very clear about that."

"Please don't leave, I don't like being alone and besides I do need help with math."

"Alright but as soon as the lesson is finished, I'm leaving."

"Oh good, let's get started then."

Roger began the session but with minutes he had a boner. For some reason that evening Lara was antsy and moved around a lot in the chair next to him. Her creamy thighs were very exposed and several times he caught a glimpse of her white cotton panties. His dick was rock hard and the outline very evident in his pants. Every chance she got Lara stared at the impressive cock.

About twenty minutes into the session Lara asked, "Are you satisfied with the compensation you get for tutoring?"

"Yes I am. You parents pay me very well and in a timely manner. Why do you ask?"

"Oh I was just wondering if there was something I could do too."

"That's not necessary but I'm curious what were you thinking."

"Just this," she whispered as she reached over and touched the erection through the fabric.

"Whoa, Lara, don't do that. You will get me fired."

"I just want to see it. You're hard all the time when you're with me," she added as she continued to stroke the shaft through the pants.

"I should not do this. I should leave."

"Please don't go, just show it to me."

"Alright, just this once and then it's back to work."

Roger stood up, unzipped his fly unfastened his pants and pushed them along with his underwear down just below his testicles. His large erect dick sprung out and startled Lara who was now looking at the biggest one she had ever seen but then she only had one other for comparison. As she continued to glare at it she knew that she had to touch it. She took it in her petite soft hand.

"Lara, don't do that."

"I just want to hold it. It's so big and so beautiful."

She held it briefly and then began to stroke it just as she had with her boyfriend. Except now her small hand did not fit around the shaft. She added her other hand and masturbated him with two hands. Roger knew that he should stop her but it felt so damn good and she was so sexy in that school uniform. When she next lowered her face to it and licked the head with tongue, Roger knew he was a goner.

Lara got bolder and took the cock in her mouth. She was only able to get 5" in her mouth and she was surprised how much was left. Holding the shaft with one hand she bobbed her head up and down on the thick dick. She recalled how she was able to deep-throat Martin but that was impossible with Roger. She continued to suck and stroke the impressive cock and as she did she was getting hot and her pussy needed attention.

"Come up to my bedroom. I want you to fuck me in my bed."

Based on her oral skills, Roger was certain that she was not a virgin either. He followed her up to her bedroom watching her lovely thighs and curvy panty covered bottom as she ascended the stairs ahead of him. Once in the bedroom she sat on the bed still dressed in her school uniform. Roger kicked off his shoes and removed his pants and underwear. As he approach the bed with his big cock leading the way, she pulled up her skirt and pulled her panties to the side.

He smiled when he saw the cute pussy with a tuft of auburn hair. Roger then reached for her and pulled her panties down and off her legs. Next he grabbed her legs and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Stepping in closer he guided his rigid cock to her pussy and slowly fed it to her. She let out an audible gasp when the soft mushroom head entered her. Little by little he eased it in and then began fucking her slowly.

"Oh my God, your dick is so much bigger than my boyfriend's. I love it."

Roger peeled off his shirt as he continued to fuck the sweet student. He was completely naked and she was still clothed except for her cotton panties. Looking at her in the uniform with her gray skirt flip up, his cock gliding in and out of her receptive quim, it was the most erotic sight he had ever seen. He loved the look and he was in no hurry to remove her clothes.

"I'm going to cum but keep fucking me," she gasped and then she let out a cry as a massive orgasm swept through her body.

Roger kept drilling her pussy as she seemed to cum for nearly a minute. With his cock still in her, he began to undress her. He unbuttoned the blue blazer and pushed it off her shoulders. The tie was next and then he unbuttoned the blue shirt slowly exposing her lovely firm breasts. He was surprised that she was not wearing a bra but her tits were so firm that she probably didn't need one under the blazer. He rubbed her tits and tweaked her swollen nipples as he continued to fuck her.

Lara was now only wearing her long maroon socks and gray skirt. Roger could feel that he was close and he thought to pull out and cum on her until she spoke.

"You can cum in me. It's okay, I'm safe."

He nodded and cum he did blasting a huge load into the young womb. "Oh my God, I feel it. It's like a hose shooting in there."

He stayed in her firing six streams of his seed deep within her. As he slowly eased his cock out of her she reached for it and took it in her hands. Lara leaned over and sucked it clean of the combined juices, once again surprising Roger. He stayed hard as she sucked him dry and as she did she got hot again.

"I am really hot; let me sit on your dick."

Lara stood up and Roger removed her skirt. He lay back on the bed as she straddled him still wearing the maroon socks. Taking his stiff dick in her petite hand she guided it into her pussy as she gradually lowered herself onto him. She started to ride him slowly and he reached up and fondled her super fine breasts. He loved her tits and the eraser hard nipples.

She picked up the pace and rode him hard in search of another orgasm. She was soon rewarded for her effort and she cried out as she climaxed and her body trembled. Lara collapsed on his chest and his hands found her curvy buttocks, he caressed and squeezed her bottom as he continued to thrust up into her. Lara couldn't take anymore and pulled her body off of him.

"Stand up," she ordered in a raspy voice.

She sat on the edge of the bed with Roger standing in front of her. Taking his cock in both hands she began sucking on the head and a couple of inches. She used both hand to masturbate him as she sucked on his cock. He felt his toes tingle and he knew he was close again.

"Lara, I am really close."

She continued to masturbate and suck him awaiting the creamy prize. He placed both hands gently on her head as a signal and then he erupted in her mouth. Lara drank down every drop of his milky discharge and once again sucked him completely dry. His softening cock slipped from her mouth and she looked up at him and smiled.

"That was the best tutoring lesson ever."

"I loved it too Lara but I showed get going now. Your mother may show up at any moment."

"Okay, we will have to do this again sometime."

"Yes, I'll look forward to it but we have to be discreet."

Roger looked around for his clothes and got dressed. Lara ran the water in the tub as she planned to take a bath when he left. She went downstairs to lock up after he left and Roger was taken with her calmness about being naked. She pecked on the cheek and caressed his crotch when she said good night.

He got in his car and drove back to his parent's house. Checking the time he saw that it was nearly 7:30 PM and the realized that they had been having sex for over two hours. Lara was a hot 18 year-old alright and she was so damn beautiful. He knew that he would have to have her again. Roger laughed to himself when he remembered he would also be paid for the tutoring session. That was something, getting paid to fuck their beautiful daughter.

Lara had just finished her bath and was in her room studying when her mother returned home. Madeline came up stairs to check in her.

"Hello mother, how is grandmother?"

"She is all right. Just a 24 hour bug and the doctor gave her some medicine. I'll look in on her tomorrow."

"Well, I'm glad she is going to be okay."

"How was your evening? Did you tell Roger he would be paid for today even though you cancelled?"

"My evening was uneventful as always when spent alone. Yes, Roger was pleased that he was compensated even though he didn't tutor me."

"That's good; he is a nice young man."

"Yes he is mother and a good tutor too!"

"Well goodnight my dear, I'm going to bed. I am exhausted."

"Goodnight mother."

After another hour of studying Lara turned out the lights and crawled under the bed covers. She lay in bed replaying the evening and remembering how much she enjoyed Roger's big cock. As she reminisced she ran her hand over her breasts and stroked her clit. Raising her body slightly she toyed with her anus which she had found sensitive lately. Wetting a finger in her vagina she gently probed her nether hole. She liked the feeling and wondered how a cock would feel in there. Certainly not one the size of Roger's but maybe Martin's. Her boyfriend always admired her bottom and she was sure she could get him to experiment with her. Maybe if she liked it with Martin she could move on to a bigger cock. She wondered how Roger would feel about putting it in her bottom. Lara fell asleep fantasizing about anal sex.