 PART 1 -- Fear and Realization

======================

"God Miley, I don't know what I'm going to do." Stacy pushed both hands through her long blonde hair, elbows on her knees, as she sat on the couch of her and Miley's apartment.

Miley sat beside her best friend, trying to bring some comfort to Stacy. "It's going to be okay."

Stacy let out a humorless laugh, "Yeah right. Exactly how is it going to be okay? I'm nineteen, I live off my parents, and I'm pregnant."

Miley didn't have an answer, biting her lower lip with concern as she placed a hand at Stacy's back. "When did you go to the clinic? I had no idea you were even worried about being pregnant. How come you didn't tell me?"

"I went this morning. I was two weeks late and had a funny feeling, like I just knew, you know?" Stacy leaned to the side, letting Miley put an arm around her shoulders. "I didn't tell you because you've been pretty wrapped up with Charlie. Whenever you're around he's been with you, and I didn't want Charlie to tell Brian before I was sure."

Miley frowned, "Oh god, I'm so sorry Stace. I'm a terrible friend."

"Its fine, I understand. You two just got engaged after all." Stacy reached to the coffee table for a tissue. "Did Charlie go over to Brian's?"

Miley nodded, "Yeah, right after you called and dropped the pregnancy bomb. How did Brian take it, by the way?"

"He totally freaked." Stacy replied. "Not that I blame him, its not like either of us are ready to be parents."

"When did this happen?" Miley wondered. "I mean, when did you guys...?"

"It must have been after the party I had at my parents." Stacy answered. "The one where Charlie showed up and you guys had all that drama with Brett."

Miley's expression soured at the mention of Brett, the asshole who almost tried to rape her.

"Brian and I were totally drunk." Stacy continued. "I barely remember the sex. We've been careful ever since, but I'm sure we didn't use protection that night. We were so hammered I'm surprised I was able to get my panties off."

Miley hugged her roommate closer when more tears began to stream down Stacy's face, "We're going to get through this, I promise."

=====

"Dude, my life is over." Brian held his head with both palms as he sat on the couch in his parent's living room. Luckily, his parents were out of town for the weekend and were missing all the drama of the evening.

"You're life isn't over." Charlie assured his best friend. "It's going to be okay."

Brian shook his head. "I'm going to have to drop out of school, get a job, and I'll probably have to ask Stacy to marry me. My life is over."

Charlie sighed and sat down next to Brian on the couch. "Aren't you getting a little ahead of yourself?"

"What other options will I have?" Brian asked, futility dripping from his voice.

"You don't even know if Stacy will have it. And even if she does, that doesn't mean you have to get married; not if you guys don't want to. And you both have parents, I'm sure they'd be willing to help out so you wouldn't need to drop out of school."

Brian let out a heavy breath.

"Do you love her?" Charlie suddenly asked.

Brian turned a curious expression towards Charlie.

"It's a pretty important question to answer." Charlie explained. "Given that she's pregnant with your baby."

"Yeah, of course I love her." Brian stated as though admitting it for the first time, even to himself. "I've been in love with her since high school. I guess, though it was more of a crush back then."

"Does she love you?"

Brian turned a look towards Charlie. That was a very good question.

=====

"Do you love him?" Miley asked.

"Oh god, no." Stacy replied. "Of course not. I mean, Brian is fun and all, but we've barely been dating for a month. If I have this baby, I'll be doing it all alone."

"You won't be alone, hon." Miley promised. "You have me, and your parents, and you know Brian would be there as a father. He's a good guy; he wouldn't just abandon you and his child."

Stacy sniffled, wiping her nose with a tissue. "I just mean... shit, Miley. I don't want to be a single mother. I wanted to be married, with a house and a career, before I started having children."

"Do you want to look into an abortion?" Miley asked cautiously.

"N-no, I can't. I couldn't. I don't believe that's right."

Miley nodded, rubbing her palm across Stacy's back. "Maybe adoption?"

Stacy turned to look at Miley, "If it were your baby, would you be able to give it away?"

Miley bit her lip, and then shook her head.

=====

"Maybe she won't even want to have it?" Charlie suggested.

"You mean an abortion?" Brian pondered. "I don't know dude, I can't even suggest it. You know how funny girls are about that topic."

"Yeah." Charlie agreed.

"I'll just have to live with whatever she decides." Brian lamented. "It's not like I'll have much say in the matter."

"If she does have the baby, would you really propose to her?"

Brian shrugged, "I guess so. Who knows dude, I might be married before you are. Who could have predicted that, huh?"

Charlie patted Brian on his back. "Everything will work out; don't rush into anything just yet."

"I should talk to her." Brian considered. "I kind of freaked out when she told me. She left for home pretty upset, right after calling Miley."

"I'd give her some time." Charlie advised. "Miley's with her now. Maybe call her tomorrow."

=====

The following day, Charlie was completely distracted while at work and unable to get Brian and Stacy's situation out of his mind. He was working the cash register, but it was a slow day and he mostly stood at the counter staring out into the mall as his mind raced.

"What's with you today, Charlie?" Theo appeared from organizing the magazine racks. "You've totally been zoning out, like some kind of zombie or something."

Charlie turned to glance at his younger co-worker, "Huh? Oh, just a lot on my mind I guess."

Theo was tall and skinny, lanky even, and reminded Charlie of himself when he was seventeen. Charlie almost chuckled when he looked at what Theo was wearing: a pair of ratty khaki pants and a wrinkled Batman tee shirt. Charlie began to recall his life as the high school nerd; Theo was almost a mirror image.

"You're not having problems with your girlfriend, are you?" Theo asked.

Charlie made a little smirk, "No, it's my friend who's having the girl problems, actually. And her name is Miley."

Theo gave Charlie a confused look.

"My girlfriend." Charlie clarified. "Fiancé actually. Her name is Miley."

"Oh, I know her name." Theo claimed. "Miley Andrews. I was a freshman when you guys were seniors. Everyone in my class knows who Miley Andrews is. Well, all the guys at least. You're seriously engaged to her?"

"Yeah." Charlie nodded. A customer approached the counter and Charlie casually began adding up a stack of comics on the cash register. "Trust me, sometimes I don't believe it either."

"No offense or anything, but how did you hook up with such a 'betty'?"

Charlie grinned and wasn't insulted. "Um... it's a long story." He took the customer's money, handed back the change, and put the comics into a bag. "Thanks for coming to the House of Spandex."

On queue, as the customer exited the store, Miley entered.

"Speak of the devil." Charlie said.

Miley approached the cash register and lifted to her sneaker-covered toes, leaning over the counter to give Charlie a quick kiss on the lips. "I'm a lot cuter than the devil."

Charlie agreed. "More tempting too. Hey, have you met Theo? He goes to our old high school, he's a junior."

"I remember, from yesterday. Hi Theo." Miley offered a little wave, wriggling her fingers.

Theo blushed and smiled. "Uh, hi Miley." He couldn't resist looking at Miley's naval, which was bared between a white buttoned top and tight black jeans.

Lifting a paper bag from a nearby burger joint, Miley shook it in her hand towards Charlie enticingly. "I brought food?"

"You're the best, I'm starved." Charlie stepped out from behind the counter. "Theo, watch the register while I take lunch?"

The back of the comic book store had a stock room where new inventory could be sorted and priced. There was also a small table and chairs near a refrigerator where employees took their breaks.

"How's Stacy doing?" Charlie asked as he sat down next to Miley and unwrapped his hamburger.

Miley frowned a little. "She's upset. She doesn't know what she's going to do, or what's going to happen. God Charlie, I don't even know what to say to her."

"Yeah, it's the same with Brian. All we can do is be there for them, I guess."

"It's pretty scary." Miley said, nibbling on a French fry. "I mean, what if it was me? What if I was the one who was pregnant?"

"Would that be so bad?" Charlie asked.

Miley looked at Charlie as though he was insane.

"I'm serious. You're going to make a great mother, and I just know our kids are going to be the most beautiful children ever." Charlie considered his own words as he chewed on a bite. "I mean, I get it, we're still young and we don't know what we're going to do with our lives, but is there ever a perfect time?"

Miley's lips curved into a warm smile, "I love you, Charlie White. But I'm still going back on the pill."

Charlie couldn't help smiling at that.

Looking around the stock room, Miley wondered "Just you and Theo working today?"

"Yeah." Charlie nodded, still eating. "Chip is off and the owner is at his other store today, on the other side of town."

Miley cast a mischievous glance towards a longer table against the far wall, used for sorting the new comics when they came in. "Theo wouldn't leave the register, would he?"

Charlie shook his head, "No, why?"

"I'm horny." Miley declared plainly.

"You're serious?" Charlie lifted a brow. "Even with everything going on between Brian and Stace?"

"I can't help it Charlie." Miley pouted, "Just because Stacy is knocked up doesn't mean I'll suddenly take up abstinence." She shuddered at the thought. "I was looking forward to doing it with you last night, before she called and dropped her bomb, so it's been almost two days!"

"How have you survived?" Charlie teased with a grin.

"Charlie!" Miley whined cutely.

"You want to do it here? Now?"

Miley's blue eyes twinkled, "Yeah. Please baby? I need it."

Charlie wiped his mouth off with a napkin and suddenly looked game. "You talked me into it. We have to be quick though, I can't leave Theo for too long. He tends to panic when there are more than two people in line at the register."

Making a gleeful sound, Miley got up from her chair. "No problem, just a quickie. I promise." She moved towards the long table, unhooked her jeans, and pushed them down to her ankles to bunch up just above her white sneakers.

Charlie followed, lust in his eyes at the white cotton bikini panties Miley was wearing, unfastening his own jeans.

Miley turned around to face the table, wriggling her bottom enticingly at Charlie. She pushed her panties down to stretch between her trim thighs, "Do me from behind, you always cum quicker that way."

Charlie stared at Miley's backside and marveled at how perfect her ass looked. She had a slender butt and hips, but it was perfectly formed and had the most alluring bikini tan lines. "I hope my boss doesn't have any hidden cameras back here."

Licking a palm and center fingers, Miley swathed her hand between her legs to lubricate her entrance. "If he does he's in for quite a show."

"Give me a hand?" Charlie requested, pushing his pants and boxers down.

Glancing over her shoulder, Miley noticed that Charlie was only semi-hard. Reaching back, she gripped him in her damp hand and began playing with his shaft. "Squeeze my butt; that always turns you on."

Charlie laid his palms on Miley and gripped her ass with kneading fingers. Miley's flesh was soft, not too muscled, and felt fantastic. Between his groping, and Miley's manipulations, Charlie was sporting a massive erection in no time.

Letting go, Miley placed her palms down on the long table, bending over slightly to do so. "Don't forget to pull out, okay Charlie? I'll be back on the pill by next week so you can cum inside me again, but until then you'll have to cum on my ass."

That didn't sound so bad to Charlie, who positioned himself behind Miley and began feeding his length between her slick lips.

"Either that," Miley continued, looking over her shoulder with inviting eyes, "or give me enough warning and I can turn around and swallow your stuff into my tummy."

Charlie was ever amazed by the way Miley seemed to treat their sex so casually. She would say the naughtiest things, or make the kinkiest suggestions, and sound as though she were talking about something as commonplace as the weather. He couldn't imagine a sexier woman.

Miley moaned as Charlie penetrated her deeply, pushing her feet apart to a wider stance which could better accommodate his girth. She kept her torsal weight supported on the table, leaning upon it with planted palms. "I know you need to be quick baby, so go ahead and pump me real good."

Grunting, Charlie accepted the invitation and began humping swiftly against Miley's ass. Reaching around her hips, Charlie slipped his hands beneath the hem of Miley's shirt and splayed his hands across her tight stomach.

"Mmm." Miley hummed, "I like it when you touch me. Put your hand between my legs, Charlie. Touch my pussy. That's it; rub my little clitty while you fuck me. Oh god yes, oh Charlie, you fuck me so good."

Had anyone walked into the back room it would be quite the sight that greeted them; both lovers had their pants at their ankles, and Charlie was thrusting into Miley's backside like a horny animal. His arms were wrapped around her sides, one hand masturbating her while the other reached up her shirt to grope at Miley's bra-covered breasts.

"It makes me so hot when your hands are all over my body." Miley pushed herself back onto Charlie, driving his cock even deeper. "You make me feel so sexy when you touch me like this."

"You're the sexiest girl in the world." Charlie declared his voice filled with arousal. "I love fucking you from behind like this, you take me so deep and your pussy is so warm."

"Does my pussy feel good, baby?" Miley cooed.

Charlie grunted out a "Yes!" and pulled his chest tightly against Miley's back.

With his head over her shoulder, Miley could feel Charlie's hot breath against an ear. Her whole body shook with the power of his thrusts. Even though she was secure in his tightly clasping arms, she knew Charlie was turned on. But Miley also knew they didn't have much more time; she decided to speed things along with dirty talk.

"I can't wait to taste your cum." Miley whispered, reaching a hand to the back of Charlie's neck and encouraging him to suck on her earlobe. "I'm going to suck it right out of your cock and swallow down every drop."

Miley reached her other hand behind them and clasped Charlie's thrusting ass, "I want your cum inside me Charlie, I want to swallow down your essence and make your body a part of mine."

Charlie's thrusts slowed, but became sharp and powerful. Miley knew he was close.

"I want you to feed it to me, baby. I'll just open wide so you can shoot your yummy seeds right into my mouth."

"...fuck ...oh fuck, Miley..."

"Make me feel like a dirty whore, Charlie." Miley begged wantonly. "I want to feel your hot goo slide down my throat. I promise I'll swallow it all..."

Charlie grew panicked, pulling out of Miley quickly. His penis slipped out from her dripping sex and bobbed in the air. "I'm going to cum." he announced.

But Miley already knew. She spun, kneeling to the hard cement floor, her panties still stretched between her thighs. She leaned her head back and opened her mouth wide, offering Charlie a perfect target. While assuming the position, she had her hand between her legs and was vigorously masturbating.

Charlie too took matters into his own hands, stroking the length of his shaft once, then twice. That's all it took to coax out the first heavy dollop of semen, which arced through the air and landed across Miley's lips and splattered against her cheek. His aim improved, and the next two heavy ropes went into Miley's mouth. As soon as she felt the warm, sticky fluid against her tongue Miley shuddered in orgasm, her thighs fluttering as her pussy leaked its honey-like dew onto the cement floor.

Miley took the head of Charlie's cock into her mouth and sealed her lips around his crown. She began sucking, swallowing his sperm down her throat and coaxing out every drop, all while rubbing out her own orgasm.

Charlie could only stand, weak-kneed and marvel at Miley's sexual skill.

======

Stacy stood as straight as she could, with her arms at her sides. A nervous lump formed in her throat, and as she spoke she was afraid no sound would come out. "Mom, Dad... I'm pregnant."

Only silence answered Stacy as she stared into the long mirror hanging on the back of her bedroom door. "How in the world am I going to tell them?" she asked her reflection. "They're totally going to freak."

She spun and flopped on the edge of her bed. Clasping a pillow to her flat (for now) stomach, Stacy worried about the reaction from her parents, guessing at their displeasure. Glancing back to the mirror, she tucked the pillow under her loose tee, stood back up, and turned to profile. She tried to imagine how she would look in seven months. "I wonder how long I can hide it from them..."

When she heard a knock at the apartment door, Stacy pulled the pillow out and cast it back to her bed. "Hang on!" she called.

Brian tried to smile when the door opened, but his expression still came off as nervous and scared. "Hey."

"What do you want?" Stacy asked coldly.

"I want to apologize for freaking out on you last night."

Stacy lifted an expectant brow but didn't say anything, or invite him in.

"I'm sorry." Brian said, "You were clearly upset and I just made matters worse. I'm a total jerk."

"You asked me if it was yours." Stacy reminded angrily. "As though I'm out fucking a bunch of guys besides you."

Brian tried to plead his case. "It was just a question; there could have been other guys before me! I didn't know..."

"Whatever." Stacy spun, but left the door open.

Brian followed her into the apartment living room. "Please Stace, I'm sorry. Forgive me?"

Stacy lifted a dismissive hand, "I'm not even that angry at you, Brian. I get it. I'm knocked up. It's freaky and scary." She sat on the couch helplessly.

Gently closing the door, Brian asked "Have you thought about what you want to do?"

"I'm going to have it." Stacy said.

Brian nodded resolutely. He moved towards the couch and dropped to one knee.

Stacy's eyes widened, "Oh for crying out loud! Brian, get off your knee."

Brian squinted at Stacy, "What? If you're going to have the baby I think we should...."

"We're not getting married." Stacy interrupted, "So just forget it."

Standing back up, Brian asked "Why not?"

"Because we've already made one mistake; we're not going to worsen matters by making another."

Brian sighed and sat on the couch next to Stacy. "You really know how to spoil a guy's proposal."

Stacy smiled weakly and put her hand in Brian's. "It means a lot to me that you tried. I can't do this alone; our baby is going to need a father."

Brian glanced down to Stacy's hand. "But you don't want me as a husband?"

Stacy's shoulder lifted softly, "I don't know. That's why this is so scary. I planned on spending the next three years having fun, going to school, and figuring out what I'm going to do with my life. I know I don't want to rush into a marriage."

"I guess that's fair." Brian agreed.

Stacy squeezed his hand. "Look, Brian, we've only been together for a month. I'm not saying it can't work out between us, maybe it will. It's just that right now I'm worried about getting through school with a child. I don't want to break up with you, but can we table the marriage talk for a while?"
