 PART 1 - Waking Up is Hard to Do

==========================

At first there was only a murky fog of awareness, followed by a throbbing pain. For a long while that pain was all that existed, and he tried lifting an arm to touch the center of it. But that only created a second source of pain and he decided not to try moving again.

Then something pleasant happened as a gentle and loving touch brushed across his cheek.

"...Charlie...?"

The voice sounded familiar, but also very far away as though spoken from the far end of a tunnel.

"...Charlie can you hear me...?"

His name was Charlie! Yes, that much he knew to be true. But what else was there? Wasn't it someone's birthday? Someone important. He needed more information, but how could he get it? Then it occurred to him: open your eyes. Open your eyes, Charlie...

"Please open your eyes, Charlie... please be okay."

"M-mom?" Charlie's eyes fluttered open.

Olivia let out a quiet sob of joy, "I'm here, honey."

Charlie tried to speak again but his throat only croaked. He realized his mouth felt like it was stuffed with cotton.

"Sshh," Olivia urged quietly. "It's okay, honey. You're okay. You're in the hospital."

Charlie blinked and looked around using only his eyes. His head hurt too much to try turning. It was dark, nighttime he figured, with only a dim soft light coming from behind him. "I feel like shit," he said hoarsely.

"You have three broken ribs, a concussion, and ten stitches in your head," Olivia whispered, caressing Charlie's cheek.

"That would explain it," Charlie croaked.

Olivia breathed out a soft, sobbing laugh. She silently thanked God for bringing her son back to her.

Charlie indicated, "...thirsty..."

Olivia nodded and reached across Charlie out of his view. He closed his eyes to rest them from the effort of being awake, and then felt a straw at his lips.

"Go easy," Olivia instructed. "It's water."

"What happened?" Charlie asked, licking his dry lips after the drink.

"You were attacked by muggers, in the mall parking lot. Do you remember anything?"

Charlie shook his head, which hurt enough for him to wince. "No."

"A girl who works at the jewelry store found you and called 911. You were unconscious, lying by your car."

"Haley?" Charlie asked, surprising himself by remembering the name.

Olivia nodded, "Do you know her?"

"Not really," Charlie whispered, sucking some more water through the straw. "How long have I been out?"

"Two days," Olivia answered.

A tear suddenly streaked down Charlie's cheek.

"What is it?" Olivia murmured worriedly. "Are you in pain?"

"I missed Miley's birthday," Charlie whispered sadly.

"Oh sweetie," Olivia sniffled. "I'm pretty sure she'll forgive you."

"Where is she? Where's Miley?"

"She's here," Olivia looked over her shoulder towards a short couch, where Miley was curled up and sleeping. "She's just four feet from you. She's asleep, the poor thing. She hasn't left your side since they put you in this room and has barely slept a wink. I'll wake her..."

Miley stirred when she felt a gentle shake of her shoulder, glancing up at Olivia.

"He just woke up, sweetie." Olivia smiled.

Miley shot up like a spring, "Charlie!?"

She rushed to the side of the bed, sobbing with happiness. "Oh Charlie, thank God. Oh baby..."

Olivia smiled at the two young lovers, "I'm going to get a nurse."

Charlie smiled weakly, "Hey."

Miley took Charlie's hand, kissing the back of it, "Hi."

"Sorry I missed your birthday," Charlie muttered.

Miley laughed and cried at the same time, tears dripping from her eyes. "It's okay, baby. We'll try it again next year."

"Will you do me a favor?" Charlie asked weakly.

"Of course," Miley wiped her cheek. "Anything."

"Pinch me."

"Pinch you?"

Charlie nodded slowly, "I need to make sure I'm awake, because you're as beautiful as an angel."

Miley's laugh caught in her throat as she cried tears of happiness, "Oh Charlie, I missed you so much."

=====

Charlie slept for much of the remaining night after a brief visit with a nurse. He felt stronger in the morning and was able to sit up in bed. His rubs hurt when he moved a certain way or breathed too deeply, but pain killers kept the throbbing in his head at bay.

John, Charlie's father, arrived around breakfast so Olivia could go home to shower and rest. But Miley refused to leave Charlie's side. The nurses practically had to tie her down when they took Charlie for an MRI and a few other tests, but Miley was waiting as soon as Charlie returned.

Several visitors came in the afternoon; including Charlie's grandmother, Jack, Brian, Stacy, and even Chip from the comic book store (Theo sent his best, having to work). But no matter who else was in the room, Miley remained beside Charlie's bed seeing to his every need.

After supper Charlie was napping, exhausted from a long day.

"We're going to keep him for another day or two, just to monitor his progress," a doctor was telling Charlie's parents. "Concussions can be a tricky thing, but I'm sure your son will make a full recovery."

"Thank you, Doctor." John shook his hand.

"Miley? Sweetie, do you want a ride?" Olivia asked. "John and I are going to go home; we both could use a full night's sleep in an actual bed."

Miley shook her head, "No, I'm going to stay."

"Are you sure?" Olivia sounded concerned. "Honey, you haven't left this room for three days."

"I'm okay," Miley was firm. "Dad brought me some clothes and there's a shower in the bathroom. I want to stay with Charlie. I won't leave him."

Olivia let out a soft sigh, then moved to give Miley a hug. She could see there would be no arguing with her future daughter-in-law, "Take good care of my little boy, okay? And try to get some rest."

Miley nodded against Olivia's shoulder, hugging her tightly. "I will, I promise."

"I love you," Olivia whispered.

Miley blinked as they broke the hug, looking to Olivia with a surprised expression. She had never said anything like that to Miley before.

Olivia smiled softly at Miley, cupping her cheek with a palm. "How could I not love someone who obviously cares so much for my son? I don't know what I would have done without you for these three days. I've been very thankful to have you here, Miley, you've become like a daughter to me."

Miley teared up for about the hundredth time in the last three days, "I love you too, Olivia."

=====

It was later in the evening when Charlie awoke from his rest. His mouth was dry again, which seemed a constant, so he looked around for some water. He saw that Miley was on the couch flipping through a magazine.

"Hey," Charlie said.

"Hey," Miley returned, uncurling herself from the small couch and moving towards Charlie's hospital bed. "How do you feel?"

"Pretty good, my head doesn't hurt anymore."

Miley poured some ice water from a nearby pitcher, instinctively knowing Charlie would want some. "The doctor said you could go home in a day or two, as long as there aren't any lingering effects from your concussion."

"That's awesome; I can't wait to get out of here." Charlie sipped some of the water through a straw, "Where are my parents?"

"They went home; they'll be back in the morning."

"You don't have to stay-"

"I'm not leaving until you do." Miley stated flatly. "I took a shower about an hour ago, and this couch is actually pretty comfortable."

Charlie looked around, "How did I get a single room? Usually they stuff two to a room."

"You have no idea how many cocks I had to suck to get you this room," Miley joked.

Charlie blinked at Miley, then snorted out a laugh which stung in the ribs. The pain was worth the levity.

Miley grinned, sitting in a bedside chair facing Charlie. "All the doubles were full, so they put you here."

"Thank you," Charlie murmured. "For staying, I mean. I like having you here."

Miley reached and took Charlie's hand in both of hers, caressing his palm and wrist with the tips of her fingers. "You're my man, Charlie. In sickness or health, and all that."

Charlie smiled, closing his eyes for a moment. He enjoyed the way Miley was caressing his hand. "Mom said Haley found me."

"Yeah," Miley confirmed. "Do you remember anything, baby? Do you remember getting attacked?"

Charlie shook his head, "They must have jumped me from behind."

"The police were here, that first day. They said there have been other muggings nearby; they think they can catch the guys. Evidently there are three of them."

"I hope they get them."

Miley reached up and pushed some of Charlie's brown hair off the bandage decorating his left forehead. "Do you need anything?"

"Yeah," Charlie nodded, sitting up slowly. "I need to pee really badly."

Miley giggled, "Okay. I think the two of us can manage that if we work together."

Charlie grinned, really happy that Miley was there. "I feel grubby too. You mentioned a shower?"

"Yeah," Miley nodded. "There's a big stall in the bathroom, big enough for a wheelchair to pull into. You want to try that?"

"Maybe," Charlie said. "Let's see how the peeing goes first."

Miley helped Charlie slowly get out of bed and onto his feet. His ribs hurt every time he needed to use his chest muscles, or when he moved a certain way, but it was tolerable. Miley kept her hand on Charlie's shoulder since he looked a little wobbly, and they started a slow trek towards the bathroom.

"How do you feel?" Miley wondered.

"I'm a little dizzy; I better sit down to pee. I'm not sure a shower is in the cards."

Miley got him to the toilet, "There you go, babe. You know what? I'm gonna get a stool to put in the shower. There's room enough for the two of us in there and I can help you."

It took a while since Charlie need to move so slowly, but before long Miley had him undressed and sitting on a stool within the bathroom's shower stall. Casually, Miley started to take her own clothes off.

"What are you doing?" Charlie looked surprised.

"Well, you can't do it by yourself; you can barely turn your chest. I'll help."

"But Miley, what if a nurse comes in or something?"

Miley smirked, pulling her top off. "Relax, Charlie. What are they going to do, throw us in the hospital jail for getting naked and showering together? You need help, and I'm your fiancé. We're not doing anything naughty."

Charlie watched as a naked Miley entered the shower stall and started the water, "I suppose you're right." She had positioned Charlie so that the shower would spray over the back of his shoulders; the warm water felt fantastic.

Miley had brought in a sponge which she held under the water for a few moments, and then she lathered it up with soap before she rubbed it gently against Charlie's shoulders. She took special care against his back where his ribs were broken, then stepped around in front of Charlie.

"This is exactly what I needed," Charlie said. The only real problem was that it felt too good. Plus, poor Charlie was now faced with a wet and naked Miley.

Miley smiled, rubbing the sponge against his chest. She bit her lip over a crooked smile when Charlie's penis started to stir, "I can't believe you."

"What?" Charlie sounded defensive. "I can't help it, you're in here with me naked and you look so sexy..."

Miley rinsed the sponge before squatting in front of Charlie. She washed the inside of his thighs, then rubbed the soft sponge against Charlie's growing erection. "You must be feeling better," she teased.

Charlie joked dryly, "I could be on my death bed and you'd probably still be able to give me an erection."

Miley smiled, taking that as a compliment. "Do you want me to...?"

Charlie furrowed his brow, "I'm not sure it's a good-"

Miley interrupted, "I-I mean, only if you wanted...?"

Charlie considered, "I suppose as long as I'm not straining my ribs?"

Miley nodded in agreement, "I'd be real gentle."

Charlie smiled, "I love you."

Miley beamed, "I love you too."

Charlie sucked in some breath when he felt Miley's hand grip his cock, wincing at the pressure his lungs put on his ribs. "Are we being naughty now?" he murmured.

Miley giggled, "When aren't we being naughty?"

"You're going to kill me," Charlie said.

Miley stroked him extra-cautiously, moving her hand slowly up and down Charlie's length. "Do you want me to stop?" she asked just as his erection seemed to achieve its full stature.

"No," Charlie replied as he closed his eyes. He luxuriated beneath the warm spray of shower water as Miley began jerking him off. Her hand went agonizingly slow, but Charlie was thankful for it. He tried not to contract his chest muscles and relaxed as much as he was able, but feared a clenching orgasm would bring more pain than pleasure.

He was willing to risk it.

Miley twisted her grip around him, "Don't worry, I'll go real easy and give you a nice gentle orgasm."

"I can't believe we're doing this..."

"It's okay," Miley assured him. "You need a good cum, baby. Orgasms are good for you. Your big cock is used to ejaculating almost every day, so you probably have a big load of goo in your balls that we need to work out."

"You'd be a very popular nurse, you know that?"

Miley grinned, working her hand to the head of Charlie's cock and flicking her thumb on the underside of his crown. "I just know my man. Your cock needs to get jerked off regularly otherwise it gets all hard and throbby. I can't have you sprouting a boner every time a cute nurse walks into the room. She'd probably get one look at this monster and want to stuff her pussy full of it."

"Oh god, Miley, you're so dirty...."

Miley slid her had down to the base of Charlie's shaft, squeezing it tightly before drawing it back up until her fist bumped against the ridge of his head. "It's true," she remarked. "But I'll beat it off real good." Miley knew she couldn't masturbate Charlie too vigorously, so it would take some dirty talk to help him get off. "Do you want to cum on my tits, baby? You can make as big a mess as you want."

"Yeah," Charlie nodded, thinking that sounded good.

"Are you sure?" Miley looked up at him with cutesy blue eyes. "Because you can cum on my ass if you want? I'll turn around for you and let you shoot it all over my butt. It's always so sexy when you're fucking me doggy style and pull out, because I can feel your hot seeds landing all over my ass."

Charlie groaned, trying to sit as still as he could and not jar his tender ribs.

"Or do you want me to be really dirty?" Miley asked. "I could cup my palm and aim your goo into it, that way you could watch me lick it up like a cum-hungry slut."

Charlie's cock twitched violently in Miley's hand after she suggested that. His breath grew sharp and he tried not to inhale too deeply.

Scratching her fingernails against Charlie's soft underside, Miley watched his cock bob and sway in the air. "Look at how hard that makes you, thinking about your pretty girlfriend licking your nasty cum up. You're such a dirty boy, Charlie."

The shower stall was filling with a thick steam but Charlie could see Miley well enough, squatting in front of him. She began playing with herself even as she continued to steadily masturbate him. Her curls matted to the side of her head from the condensation and humidity, but droplets of water beaded on her tanned skin and she looked as sexy as ever to Charlie.

"God damn, baby," Miley cursed, feeling Charlie's cock harden. "I hope you heal quickly because right now I want to stuff my cunt full of you soooo badly."

"Is your clit getting stiff?" Charlie whispered.

Miley nodded, biting her lip with arousal.

"Is your pussy getting all wet inside?"

"Yes," Miley squeaked.

"Grab your tit for me," Charlie instructed.

Miley looked up at him.

Charlie brushed Miley's hand off his erection and replaced it with his own, "I want to watch you play with your own tits."

Miley moaned, clutching a palm-full of her breast and squeezing it. Her other hand remained between her squatting legs. She watched as Charlie stroked himself, his pace slightly faster than hers. He seemed to be fine, as long as he kept his torso mostly stationary.

"You're such a naughty girl, Miley. Look at how horny you are, tricking you injured boyfriend into getting a big hard-on just so you could play with it."

Miley moaned as her clit sent a little orgasmic spark through her body.

"I bet you want me to cum all over you," Charlie said, turning the tables of dirty talk. "Is that what you want? For me to shoot my cum all over your sexy little naked body?"

"Oh Charlie...!" Miley gasped. Her knees dropped to the shower floor as an orgasm stole the strength from her legs. "Cum on me..." she begged wantonly. "Make me feel slutty, baby... I need it!"

Charlie grunted, pumping his cock as fast as he dared. His semen shot forward with the potency of a rocket, a long strand of it landing diagonally across Miley's face. He winced in pain as the muscles of his chest contracted around broken ribs, but that was nothing when compared to the pleasure of orgasm.

More cum flew from Charlie's tip to splatter on Miley's thighs and the shower floor, but she didn't let any more go to waste. Miley leaned forward and grabbed Charlie's cock, sucking the head of it between her lips so that the rest of his pleasure oozed out into her waiting mouth. She suckled on the head of his cock as her own orgasm ran its course, drinking down his fluids.

Charlie was spent and quickly grew dizzy; his perch upon the shower stool wavering.

"Charlie!" Miley cried, quickly catching him under his arms. "Baby? Are you okay?"

"I heard you can go blind if you jerk off too much," Charlie murmured. "But I never thought it'd kill me."

Miley let out a quick laugh, "We probably shouldn't have done that. C'mon sweetie, let's get you back to bed."

PART 2 - Old Friends and New

=======================

Stacy sat by her lonesome on a quiet bench in the mall, her arms clasped over her stomach. A flood of emotions washed through her; she felt empty, guilty, and very alone. She hadn't told a soul about the abortion, not her parents, not even Brian... not yet. She probably would have told Miley, but her best friend was busy with an injured fiancé and Stacy didn't want to add to it. She wanted to come to terms with it on her own before facing her friends and family. Stacy hoped a trip to the mall would get her mind off of things, at least for a short while, since shopping always made her feel better. But buying things for herself seemed selfish, just as selfish as having an abortion.

Taking a deep breath, Stacy fought back the tears and looked around to make sure no one noticed her. Quietly gathering up her purse, Stacy rose and began walking towards the exit. She avoided eye contact with anyone, fearing that people would see she was on the verge of crying, until she passed The House of Spandex. That was the comic book shop Charlie worked at, and suddenly, Stacy had an idea.

Buying herself things hadn't been a remedy, but maybe doing something nice for someone else would be. Wiping her cheek and sniffling, Stacy gained control of herself and entered the comic book store. Charlie could probably use something to read while he recovered, and Stacy happened to know exactly what he liked: comic books.

"Hi, can I help you?"

Stacy turned to the voice. He was younger than she, probably still in high school. She was hit by a sudden sense of nostalgia and realized he reminded her of the way Charlie looked back in high school. He wore a pair of droopy slacks and a nerdy tee-shirt with some sort of winged comic book character on it. He had unkempt brown hair and a pair of nerdy-looking glasses. But despite all that, like Charlie, this boy was kind of cute in a geeky sort of way.
