 PART 1 -- The Fate of Brock

=====================

Stacy squinted as she carefully applied polish to one of her toenails, her expression clenched with concentration. When her toenails were all finally a uniform light-purple, Stacy stuffed cotton balls between her toes and let out a soft sigh before helplessly looking around her parent's living room. The television was on a dry afternoon talk show and Stacy couldn't imagine being more bored.

"I need a hobby," she complained. Stacy rose from the couch and waddled towards her bedroom while trying to keep her toes elevated. After finding a short stack of comic books Brian had left behind (while they were dating), Stacy flopped down on her bed and began perusing through the pages.

"I just don't get those boys," Stacy said, continuing to talk out loud as if there were someone beside her. "Charlie and Brian can sit for hours reading these stupid things."

She quickly lost interest in the comic book and glanced about her room. Nothing grabbed Stacy's interest until her eyes fell upon her bedside table drawer. She stared at the closed drawer for a moment before sliding herself closer and opening it. After reaching inside, Stacy's eyes lit up at the eight-inch rubber vibrator she removed. She caressed the thing lovingly for a moment, laying on her tummy with her ankles bent and her freshly-painted toes wiggling in the air.

"I bet you could help me kill twenty minutes," Stacy said to her vibrator. "Although, if you occasionally tried some foreplay it might take us a whole half hour -"

"Um, who are you talking to?"

Stacy jumped at the voice in her bedroom doorway, "Oh my god! Charlie, you scared the shit out of me."

Charlie smiled and leaned against the door jamb, "Sorry. You must not have heard me over the conversation you were having."

Stacy blushed and dropped the sex toy back into her drawer, "Don't tease me. I'm going out of my mind with boredom, today. What are you doing here, anyway? Shouldn't you be at work?

Charlie lifted a shoulder, "I took the afternoon off."

Stacy gazed at Charlie; he looked so handsome in his tan cargo pants and a stylish grey polo shirt. His shock of brown hair was messy but stylish. "You did?"

Charlie nodded, staring right back.

Stacy swallowed nervously, "So, um... why did you come over here?"

"Because I can't stop thinking about you," Charlie answered. "I haven't been able to get you out of my head ever since that night you kissed me."

Still lying on her tummy, Stacy's mouth went dry at Charlie's words, "R-really?"

"Miley's out of town," Charlie added. "She'd never know."

"...Charlie..." Stacy breathed out his name. "We shouldn't. Miley's my best friend."

Charlie folded his arms across his slender chest. He looked confused, "Then why did you kiss me? I thought you liked me?"

"I do!" Stacy quickly got up, rising off the bed and to her feet. "You're my closest friend, other than Miley. I adore you, Charlie. You must know that."

"I want to make love to you," Charlie declared.

Stacy's breath caught in her throat. It was that very moment when she realized how badly she wanted Charlie in return. The feeling had always been there, in the back of her mind, but it was as though Stacy finally let herself admit it.

"I want you too," Stacy revealed with a quiet whisper. "I've wanted you all summer long, ever since you came back from Brown."

Charlie pushed away from the door and approached Stacy. She made no move to resist him when his arms enveloped her, nor did she complain when his lips fell upon hers. She felt herself falling backwards as Charlie lowered her to the bed...

~~~~~

Waking up with a start, Stacy sat straight up on her bed. A quick assessment showed that she was all alone. A comic book slid to the floor from her stirrings.

"Jeezus," Stacy cursed, putting a hand to her forehead. She realized she had fallen asleep on her bed after painting her toenails; the encounter with Charlie had only been a dream.

"You're not in love with Charlie," Stacy told herself, getting up from the bed.

"I am not in love with Charlie White," Stacy repeated, more firmly. "I can't be."

Walking into the bathroom, Stacy poured a half glass of water from the faucet and drank it down. "Get a hold of yourself," she said into the mirror, "you are not in love with your best friend's fiancé."

As Stacy stared at the determined expression found in her reflection, she almost started to believe her own words.

=====

"Brock!?" came Brian's stunned voice through Charlie's cell phone. "As in - the muscle-bound linebacker from high school? That Brock?"

"Yep," Charlie confirmed as he carefully packed clothes into a box. His cell phone rested on his bed, set on speaker so he could have his hands free while talking to Brian. "I had to make a statement at the police station this morning before work. They gave me my wallet back, which they found in his car."

"Unbelievable. I guess he graduated from 'Class Bully' to 'Town Mugger'."

"Yeah," Charlie agreed as he moved to fetch more clothes from his dresser. "And to think, after graduation I remember being glad I'd never have to deal with his shit again."

"What's going to happen to him?" Brian wondered.

"The police said he's looking at two to five years on the assault and robbery charges, but they think they can link him to some other muggings as well. I'm guessing he's in deep shit."

"Serves him right," Brian sounded pleased by the notion of Brock in prison. "He should get two-to-five just for all the wedgies he gave me when we were freshman."

Charlie folded a shirt, "Do you remember that time when he held Fred Neidermeyer head-first into the toilet?"

"Of course," Brian's voice replied. "Brock kept flushing, which was the only time poor Fred could breathe. I'll never forget the sound of him gasping for air as the toilet bowl slowly filled back up; that memory still haunts me at night."

Charlie paused his packing activities, "Whatever happened to Fred?"

"He drowned our junior year, in Lake Charles. Don't you remember?"

"Oh yeah," Charlie recalled. "I never realized the irony, before..."

"So what are you up to tonight?" Brian interrupted Charlie's thoughts. "You want to go see the new Blue Beetle movie?"

"Are you kidding?" Charlie scoffed, "That looks as terrible. I mean, Nicolas Cage as the Blue Beetle? I just don't see it."

"Yeah," Brian sounded in agreement. "But it's either that or some female-comedy about five alcoholic nurses."

Charlie shuddered, "Miley keeps bringing that one up like she wants to see it. I keep hoping she goes with Stacy."

"You want to just go hang out at the mall or something? I'm bored."

"Can I get a rain check? I'm packing up a carload of stuff to take over to the apartment tonight."

"You're finally moving in with Miley, huh?"

"Yeah," Charlie smiled, happy about moving into Miley's near-campus apartment. "It feels like we've been planning it forever, but when I got mugged it put everything on hold."

"Do you need a hand?" Brian offered.

"Nah, I just have some boxes of clothes and a toothbrush. Nothing major."

"All right, dude. Hey, don't forget, this weekend we need to go make the arrangements on that apartment Sam picked. Get the keys and stuff."

"I haven't forgotten," Charlie promised. "When is she coming, again?"

"I'm going next week to pick her up."

Charlie grinned, "I can't believe you're driving all the way to Miami to help her move. You two haven't even gone out on a date yet; and you call me whipped!"

"Whatever, dude. I haven't had any pussy all summer. I'm desperate."

=====

Miley placed her hands at her hips, staring at the cubby shelves set into the wall of her apartment's bathroom. They were stuffed full of her various feminine products and beauty supplies; how would she ever make room for Charlie's stuff?

Thankfully, a knocking sound interrupted her re-organization attempts. Miley moved towards the living room.

"Hey," Haley greeted after Miley opened the door.

"Haley," Miley beamed a smile at the beautiful blonde, "What are you doing here?"

"I was in the 'hood," Haley replied. "Thought I'd stop in and see what my new favorite shopping partner was up to."

Miley gestured lazily for Haley to enter, "I'm trying to make room in the bathroom for Charlie, but there's barely enough room for my stuff." She huffed and declared, "I seriously can't even spare a single shelf!"

Haley walked into the apartment and pushed the door shut. She grinned at Miley's pouting expression, "Charlie's a guy. I mean, he'll have a toothbrush and a stick of deodorant. That hardly warrants a whole shelf."

Miley giggled, "You're probably right. Guys are so grungy. I swear Charlie would wear the same Star Wars tee shirt every day if I let him."

"So you two are finally moving in together, huh?"

Miley nodded excitedly, pushing a strand of curly dark hair off her forehead. "Tonight will be our first official night together as a live-in couple."

"So... I'm guessing that means you don't want to go to a party with me tonight?"

"Party?" Miley lifted a brow.

"Yeah," Haley smiled. "This girl I know who works at the mall is having a house party, not far from here actually. There's going to be lots of kegs and even more hot single college guys."

"That sounds like fun," Miley mused. "I haven't been to a party since early this summer, before Charlie and I got back together."

"You and Charlie should come," Haley urged.

"Are you sure we wouldn't be crashing?"

Haley shook her head, "No, of course not. It's a house party! The more the merrier, you know?"

Miley bit her lower lip, considering. She really felt like letting her hair down after all the drama summer had brought her, "Okay, I'll call Charlie and see if he's up to it."

=====

"I mean, Nicolas fucking Cage?" Brian was complaining through Charlie's cell phone speaker. "Even Shia Labeouf would make a better Blue Beetle."

Charlie was laughing at his best friend's rant when his phone beeped, signaling another call. "Hang on, I got Miley on the other line.."

"Yeah okay," Brian agreed blandly.

Charlie pushed a button on his phone, "Hello?"

"Hey baby," came Miley's voice.

"I'm sorry I'm late," Charlie immediately apologized. "I think Brian's lonely and I can't get him off the phone."

"Don't sweat it. You want to go to a party tonight?"

"Party?" Charlie asked.

"Yeah, Haley invited us to a house party. It sounds like a lot of fun."

Charlie sounded hesitant, "I don't know..."

"Oh come on," came Miley's pouting voice, "It's Friday night and for once you don't have to work tomorrow. Haley says Brian should come too."

"But I was planning on moving some of my stuff in tonight," Charlie complained.

"So you'll bring your stuff tomorrow. Please, Charlie? We haven't partied all summer."

"All right," Charlie finally agreed. Saying 'no' to Miley just wasn't in Charlie's DNA.

Both Miley and Haley could be heard through the phone, "Yay!"

"Where is it?" Charlie asked. "I'll go pick up Brian and we'll meet you and Haley there."

After writing down an address which wasn't far from Miley's near-campus apartment, Charlie switched lines again. "Hey man, you still bored?"

"Hell yeah," Brian replied.

"You want to go to a house party with Miley and Haley?"

"Is Haley the hot blonde who works in the jewelry store?" Brian's voice perked up. "The one you said kissed Miley?"

"Uh, yeah," Charlie answered.

"Fuck yeah, dude! I want to party with that chick."

PART 2 - Drama Party ================

By the time Charlie and Brian arrived to the party, it was already raging. Music poured through the windows of the two-story house and dozens of people holding plastic beer cups were standing all over the front lawn.

"I don't know if this is a good idea," Charlie worried as he and Brian walked towards the house on a paved sidewalk. "Someone's going to call the cops, and we're under-age."

Brian rolled his eyes, "You were hanging out with those squares at Brown too long. This whole street is nothing but student-rented houses, dude. No one's going to call the cops because everyone's probably at this party, or gone for the summer."

"Are you sure?" Charlie fretted.

"Trust me," Brian assured. "I've been to a million parties in this neighborhood."

After walking through an open door the two friends were greeted to a throng of people. They had to wriggle and slide, slowly meandering their way through the shoulder-to-shoulder crowd. The music was loud and the air smelled of beer and sweat.

Charlie had to yell to be heard, "We're never going to find the girls in this crowd!"

"We'll worry about the girls later," Brian hollered back, pushing his way through the mass of bodies towards what he hoped was the kitchen. "Let's find some beer."

When they finally squirted through the mess of drunken party-goers and into the kitchen, Charlie and Brian were greeted a circle of men all screaming and cheering. Standing on his toes to see what everyone was so excited about, Charlie was greeted to the sight of two women sucking on each other's tongues. One was a stunning blonde with long feathered hair, wearing a pair of cut-off jean shorts and a skimpy red top. The other was an equally sexy brunette with ravishing curls, wearing a clinging sun-dress.

"Holy shit, dude," Brian said, peering as well. "Who's that chick sucking face with Miley?"

"Haley," Charlie muttered, barely audible.

"You have got to introduce me, dude."

"Miley!?" Charlie started pushing between two onlookers.

Startled from her kiss with Haley, Miley's face lit up when she saw Charlie approaching. "Charlie!" she squealed happily, untangling herself from Haley and running into his arms. "What took you so long to get here!?"

"I took a shower, and then I had to go get Brian -"

Miley pressed a kiss against Charlie's lips and squeezed him tightly. She had alcohol on her breath and was already clearly intoxicated.

"What's going on, Miley? You're kissing Haley again?"

Miley laughed, "Yeah, these guys said we could drink all we wanted for free tonight if we made out for sixty seconds and let them watch."

"Hey, Charlie." Haley approached, "Don't be mad, okay? We were just fucking around."

"Yeah, Charlie. Don't be mad." Brian held out a hand towards Haley, "I'm Brian, by the way."

"Whatever," Charlie frowned and turned.

Miley watched, stunned, as Charlie abandoned her and started back the way he came. "Charlie? Charlie, I'm sorry! It didn't mean anything...!"

Haley winced.

"Where's the keg?" Brian asked as several of the guys surrounding them started cheering for the girls to kiss again.

=====

Chip cleared his throat nervously after ringing the doorbell, adjusting the collar of his button shirt. After what seemed like several moments of eternity a light came on from the other side of the door and it opened.

"Hi Chip," his date greeted.

Chip swallowed. Stacy looked absolutely stunning. Her blonde hair was gathered up into a twist at the top of her head and she wore a casual white dress that clung to her voluptuous form and only fell to mid-thigh.

"Um, hi. Uh, these are for you."

Stacy smiled and took the flowers, "They're beautiful, thank you. Why don't you come in, I should put them in some water."

Chip followed Stacy into the foyer of her parent's house, looking about. "Are your mom and dad home?" he asked nervously, having never been on a real date before. He was uncertain about the prospect of meeting Stacy's father.

"Nope, it's Bingo Night," Stacy called as she moved towards the kitchen. "They go almost every Friday."

Chip trailed after Stacy, relieved.

"These really are gorgeous," Stacy remarked, fitting her flowers into a vase before adding water from the sink faucet. "It's really sweet of you to bring them, thank you."

"You're welcome," Chip replied. "But to be honest, it was Charlie's idea. He said you liked roses."

Stacy snapped a glanced towards Chip, "He did?" 

"Yeah," Chip nodded. "I'm lucky Charlie's my friend, he knows everything about you. He talks about you all the time."

Pushing a whisk of blonde hair behind her ear, Stacy temporarily forgot about the flowers. "He does?"

"Uh-huh," Chip confirmed. "You guys must be really great friends, huh?"

"Yeah," Stacy murmured, glancing back to the flowers. For a moment she let herself believe they were from Charlie. "I think it's totally sweet that you brought these. My ex-boyfriend never bought me flowers."

Chip looked even more nervous than before at the prospect of being compared to Stacy's ex-boyfriend. He pictured a muscle-bound jock in his mind, silently wondering how a girl as perfect as Stacy ever agreed to go out with him.

Stacy winced, "Sorry, I didn't mean to bring him up. That's not very good etiquette for a first date, huh?"

"It's okay," Chip made a dismissive gesture and forced a smile. "How come you guys broke up?"

Stacy set the vase on the kitchen table and snagged her purse, "That is a long and dramatic story that I'd rather not think about tonight."

"Right, sorry." Chip squirmed, uncomfortable and out of his element. He was already worried about the end of the date and if he'd summon enough courage to go for a kiss.

=====

Miley pushed her way through the house, trying not to bump into people's arms and getting beer spilled on her again. Her dress already had a large wet spot from some random guy who was too drunk to keep his balance. She finally reached the kitchen and found Brian, who was standing at the keg and talking with some guys she didn't recognize, "Brian! What are you doing?"

Brian glanced towards Miley, who appeared frantic.

"I can't find Charlie," Miley's agitated voice matched her expression. "I've looked everywhere! I thought you were supposed to help me look for him? What if he left?"

Brian sighed. Why couldn't he ever escape the constant drama between Charlie and Miley? "You should have thought about that before you started making out with that lesbian chick."

Miley scowled, "Her name is Haley, and she's not a lesbian. She's my friend."

"Well, I don't know what you expect me to do. I figured I'd stake out the keg, Charlie has to get thirsty eventually, right?"

Miley issued a frustrated sigh, "You're totally useless, Brian. You know that?"

Brian rolled his eyes and filled up his glass, "All right, all right. I'll help you look for him. Just let me fill up my beer, okay?"

=====

Haley was the first to find Charlie. She figured he went outside and indeed found him sitting on the street curb alone. "Hey stud," she greeted and approached, settling herself down beside him.

"Hi Haley," Charlie glanced at her.

"You know, the 'moping-loner' thing doesn't really suit you." Haley offered Charlie her glass, which was half-full, "And I'm sorry about kissing your girlfriend... again. We really were just trying to take advantage of those stupid guys." Haley sighed, "I don't know what it is about your gender and your desire to watch two women."

Charlie took Haley's glass, "I believe you."

"Then what's bothering you?" Haley asked.

"I guess it's this whole scene."

Haley squinted, not understanding. "What do you mean? What scene?"

"The party scene," Charlie clarified. "It's not me. I don't fit in at college parties, you know? I was always the outcast in high school who stayed home and played video games on Friday night. But Miley fits right in. She's instantly the most popular girl of any room she walks into."

"Are you jealous?" Haley wondered.

"No, it's not that." Charlie took a long swallow of the beer, "But we were apart last year. She was here at State going to parties and having fun while I was at Brown hanging out in my dorm room."

Haley started to understand, "Ah. So you're scared you won't fit in. Now that you'll be going to the same school this fall, Miley will be the popular party girl and you'll be her wall-flower nerdy boyfriend."
