 This is a shorter chapter than usual, but after writing it I thought it made for a well-contained story. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. 

=====

Stacy stared at her options with an expression of absolute scrutiny, as though the fate of the world hinged upon her pending decision. She tapped a pointer finger against her chin, which was a habit when she couldn't make up her mind, and carefully contemplated the benefits of each choice.

The red pumps were so cute! However, they didn't go with many of her existing outfits. The black ones, however...

On her way home from church, Stacy had decided to stop at the mall and do some shopping. She was dressed nicely in a knee-length skirt, nylons, and a buttoned blouse Stacy thought made her boobs look good. Every salesman in the shoe store was checking out the beautiful blonde from afar but Stacy either didn't notice, or didn't care. The mall was a place Stacy went to escape and at that moment Stacy was running from boy-drama; the last thing she needed in her life was more of it. She was still upset over the fact that Brian, her twice-ex-boyfriend, had gotten his editor pregnant. It didn't matter to Stacy that Brian had been sleeping with another girl; she and Brian had been broken up at the time, after all. It was his lack of responsibility which was so upsetting. How could Brian be so stupid to repeat a mistake he had already made with Stacy earlier that very same year?

With a sigh, Stacy realized she was dwelling on the whole situation again. That was happening a lot and she needed to distract herself, which was why she stopped at the mall in the first place. Grabbing the red pumps and walking towards the cashier's counter, Stacy decided she'd simply have to buy some new outfits to match her new shoes. Buying things was such an excellent distraction!

After paying, Stacy decided her next stop would be the department store on the other end of the mall - she'd need to see if any of the fall lines were featuring red.

Between the shoe store and the department store were a row of 'bar & grill' style restaurants that catered to families and yuppies. As Stacy was walking by a place called 'Applebaums' she spotted a familiar face sitting in one of the restaurants through a window. She froze and stared, wondering if the other person had seen her.

=====

It was a fantasy made true for Miley.

She was kneeling on the floor, naked save for a pair of sheer thigh-high stockings, surrounded by a half-dozen sexy guys with big cocks. They were all looking at her as they stroked their hard erections and she did her best to fuel their circle-jerk.

"Where are you guys going to cum, hmm?" Miley ran her fingertips across tiny breasts. Her nipples were pointy and erect, "Do you want to cum on my little tits? Or are you going to treat me like a real slut and shoot it all over my face?"

One of the men clearly didn't have much in the way of stamina. He stepped closer and made loud moaning noises, signaling he was about to cum. Miley presented herself as his target, tilting her head back and opening her lips wide. His cum came out as one long rope, landing across her face from forehead to chin. Miley pushed out what little of it landed on her tongue and let it hang from her lip as she took the guy's cock and started suckling on the head of it. The rest of his orgasm pumped through his shaft right into her mouth, but Miley spit it out rather than swallowing. Her chin became a glistening mess of semen mixed with saliva.

"Who's next?" Miley looked around the remaining men, "Who wants to shoot their cum all over me? I need it so bad. I need your cum. Jerk off onto me and get my body all sticky with your nasty goo."

Two of the men indicated they were ready by stepping forward, one on either side of Miley. She reached out and replaced their hands with hers, jacking them off to completion. One came a split-second before the other, but when the other one popped Miley had a pair of cocks firing out globs of cum onto her. The pearly fluid landed across her cheeks and oozed down the side of her face to drip off her jaw line.

"That's so fucking nasty," Miley moaned in a wanton voice. She sucked one of the cocks, then the other, drawing the last of their orgasms into her mouth. She pushed the semen out once again, causing it to flow over her lower lip and chin. The obscene fluid hung from her face, falling to Miley's kneeling legs and staining her black stockings with creamy white droplets.

"I need more," Miley whimpered desperately, "I need more cum." She began rubbing herself, scooping some of the semen onto the tips of her fingers and rubbing it into her pussy. She felt slutty, sexy, and whorish - she couldn't get enough. She lost all inhibitions with the scent of all that cum filling her nostrils and decorating her skinny body.

"Treat me like a naughty cum-slut," she begged wantonly, "I want all your cocks making me filthy with your dirty desires."

The fourth guy was bold, stepping forward and shoving his cock into Miley's mouth. She willingly accepted his girth as the man placed his hand behind Miley's head and pushed it down her throat. The size of it caused her to gag and choke, but Miley refused to give up. She let the man fuck her throat for several long moments, her spit spilling out from the corners of her mouth. When he finally did orgasm, the man pulled out just in time; several thick globs came out of his cock onto Miley's waiting tongue and lips. She worked her mouth, sucking the cum in and spitting it back out over and over until the man was spent and had no more to offer.

There were two cocks to go, though Miley was already a mess. The bottom half of her face was coated with a layer of slimy semen. More beads of it were splattered across her forehead, eyebrows, and hair. It hung from her face, dipped down her torso, and created wet stains in her stockings. But Miley still wanted more; she intended on getting all the cum she could.

"More," Miley looked towards the final two men, "I need more." She reached out and grasped their cocks, noticing how hard each of their lengths felt. "You're both so close... look at how swollen and twitchy you guys are. Do you want to cum on me? Do you want to get my face and titties all slimy with your icky seed? Hmm?"

Miley jerked off one of the men with purpose, letting the other cock simmer in her hand for later. Lowering herself beneath his balls, Miley opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out to wait for the inevitable. When the man came his cock was like a fountain, large spurts of semen coating Miley's outstretched tongue, nostrils, and eye sockets. She kissed and licked his cock as it continued to spurt, using the convulsing shaft to smear the cum all over her face.

The sexual carnality of it all was too much for the last man to handle. The sight of Miley reveling in her bukkake pushed him over the edge and his cock exploded. Miley didn't even realize the man was so close until she felt his semen landing on her neck and shoulder, but she quickly responded by pivoting her body and catching the rest of his pleasure on her breasts.

"Oh my god," Miley gasped. She wiped a hand over an eye, cleaning the cum away from it so she could see. "I'm a fucking mess, you guys. I've never been so horny in my life... all this cum... I need to get fucked so bad. Will you take turns fucking me?"

Miley looked between their unrecognizable faces, confident she could convince the men to pleasure her.

If only that annoying buzzing would stop... ... ...

Miley awoke with a start, sitting up in bed like a shot, "Huh-?!?"

Charlie glanced over his shoulder from where he sat typing on his laptop.

Miley placed a hand to her forehead, realizing it had all been a dream. A very vivid and realistic dream, "Jeezus."

Charlie wondered, "Everything okay?"

"I'm fine... um, I wasn't talking in my sleep, was I?"

"You made a couple of cute little moaning noises," Charlie replied. "Why?"

"Never mind." Miley once again heard the vibrating noise which woke her up, "Is that your phone, or mine?"

"Check your purse," Charlie suggested, turning back to his writings.

Miley reached to the bedside table and dug into her purse. "Hello?" she answered after locating the buzzing cell phone within.

"Miley!" Stacy sounded hurried, "What are you doing right now?"

It surprised Miley that Stacy was calling; she thought the two of them weren't speaking after they had been in a fight about Brian. Stacy had been mad that Miley was always 'taking Brian's side' in things.

"I was taking a nap," Miley wiped a piece of sleep from her eye, hoping Stacy hadn't called to argue.

"Sorry, didn't mean to wake you," Stacy apologized. "Are you okay? I mean, you're not sick, are you?"

"No, I'm okay," Miley replied. She recalled her dream, "Though, I think I might be horny."

Charlie looked over his shoulder again with a confused glance, wondering who Miley was talking to.

"Too much information," Stacy declared dryly. "Look, I know we haven't been getting along lately but I need you to get your bony little ass down to the mall right away."

"Why does everyone keep saying that?" Miley growled. "My ass isn't bony, I'm just petite!"

"Whatever," Stacy seemed disinterested. "Can you get over here, or not?"

Miley swung her bare legs over the edge of the bed, "Right now? What's going on? Oh my god - is Macy's having another sale on lingerie?!?"

"No," Stacy seemed distracted by the prospect of a sale, "but that would be really awesome if they were..."

"I know, right?" Miley beamed, "Last time I got the sexiest little teddy for half --"

"Never mind that right now," Stacy suddenly got back on track, dismissing any thoughts of shopping. "Just get down here as soon as you can. I'll meet you at the south entrance."

Miley blinked at her phone after Stacy hung up.

"What's going on?" Charlie wondered in a bland tone, engrossed in his computer.

"I have to go to the mall," Miley rose from bed and looked for some pants. She wasn't wearing anything other than a pair of cotton panties and one of Charlie's tee shirts. "I think Stacy's having a shopping crisis, or something."

"I thought you two were fighting?"

"I thought so too," Miley said as she found a pair of jeans on the floor that didn't look like they belonged in the 'dirty' pile. "But if a trip to the mall is all it takes for us to be back on speaking terms, I better go."

"Tell her I said hello," Charlie said. "And don't forget we have dinner at my parents, tonight."

After pulling the jeans up her skinny legs, Miley bent over Charlie's shoulder to place a kiss at his cheek, "Thanks for the reminder, baby. I'm sure I'll be back soon."

"Okay, see you later," Charlie lifted a parting hand, still concentrating on his computer screen.

=====

Miley felt completely under-dressed when she found Stacy at the south entrance. Stacy was in her church clothes, while Miley was still wearing Charlie's over-sized tee-shirt tucked into a pair of half-clean jeans. Stacy had heels on while Miley wore a pair of black hi-top sneakers.

"What is going on?" Miley pressed as soon as she was in range to be heard. "You could have told me I needed to wear something nice --"

"Shh," Stacy lifted a finger to her lips conspiratorially.

"What's with you?" Miley hissed in a whispering tone, "Why am I whispering?"

Stacy took Miley's hand and tugged, "Come on... and act natural."

Miley followed, watching while Stacy moved in a half-sneaky crouch, "How am I supposed to act natural when you're creeping around here like a child-molester?"

Stacy ignored Miley until she came to a stop near the place where she passed the restaurants earlier. "Look," she pointed towards a window across the mall's wide avenue.

Miley had to squint, "Is that Sam?"

Stacy nodded, "Uh-huh. And look who she's with."

"Oh, man." Miley did a double-take, "Is that Haley?"

"Yep," Stacy confirmed. "Thirty minutes ago I just happened to be walking by when I spotted Sam at the bar. Do you want to know what she was doing?"

"What?" Miley asked, desperate for gossip.

"Drinking a beer. A big one. And then, when she was done with that one, she had two more."

Miley glanced aside at her best friend, "You've been here spying on Sam for the last half hour?"

"Yeah," Stacy answered without any shame. "Haley showed up fifteen minutes ago. The two of them hugged and moved to a table. They have since ordered lunch and each had two glasses of wine."

"Wow," Miley noted. "Sam can really knock them back, huh?"

"Don't you think that's a little odd?" Stacy hinted. "Considering?"

Realization suddenly dawned on Miley, "Sam's been drinking while she's pregnant?!? Do you have any idea how irresponsible that is?"

"Well, yeah, that's a little 'white-trash'," Stacy agreed, "but I was talking about Sam and Haley hugging and having lunch like old friends."

Miley's face scrunched up, "Yeah, that is kinda weird. Especially since Haley's basically the one who broke Brian and her up. By the way, did you know she's sleeping with my dad?"

Stacy almost choked with surprise, "Sam?!?"

"No!" Miley snorted, "Haley. She's such a whore. Can you believe that?"

Stacy considered, picturing Miley's father in her mind.

Miley glanced and elbowed her, "Stacy!"

"What?" Stacy sounded defensive, "Jack's totally hot. I'm kind of jealous. I totally would have slept with him back in high school."

Miley rolled her eyes, "You're unbelievable."

"So, what are we going to do?" Stacy wondered.

"About Haley sleeping with my dad?"

"No," Stacy huffed, "about those two! We have to figure out what they're up to. Whatever it is, it can't be good for us. Right?"

"Right." Miley looked back towards the restaurant to see Haley and Sam smiling and laughing with each other, "Chances are they're out to destroy us. At least, Haley probably is -- I hate that bitch! Do you think we should confront them?"

Stacy thought back to the last time she and Miley confronted Haley, which led to a near-brawl in the middle of a movie theater, "Definitely not."

"Well," Miley reasoned, "we have to get in there; maybe we'll be able to hear them talking."

"If we go in there they'll totally spot us," Stacy worried. "They'll clam up tighter than a frigid virgin's legs."

Miley gave Stacy an odd look, "A frigid virgin's legs? Who says that?"

"I don't know," Stacy lifted a shoulder. "But that's not the point."

Miley bit her lip, "You're right."

Both girls stood silently, watching Haley and Sam, trying to think of their next move.

"I have an idea," Miley suddenly grinned. "Come here..."

"Hey!" Stacy was startled when Miley reached over and started undoing the top buttons of Stacy's blouse. "What are you doing?"

"We can't get in there without being recognized," Miley explained with a mischievous smile. "But I know who can."

=====

Chip stood behind the register within 'The House of Spandex', bored out of his mind. He was staring at the clock on the wall, wondering when the last time a customer had walked in. He hated the Sunday shift; people were either at church, or home and hung-over. They certainly weren't shopping for comics.

Things instantly brightened for the seventeen year-old when Stacy walked in. She looked amazing, the way her ankles arched in her heels, and Chip swore he could see the lace of Stacy's bra where her blouse was unbuttoned.

"S-Stacy?" Chip stammered, staring at her cleavage.

"Hey, Chip." Stacy smiled. "I was hoping you'd be working today."

"What are you doing here?"

Stacy knew Chip had a crush on her. She even let him take her out on a few dates while she and Brian had been broken up (for the first time) but it was mostly a rebound thing and Stacy never felt any chemistry. She felt bad about leading him on, but a girl had to do what a girl had to do...

"I need your help," Stacy leaned over the counter on her elbows. "Is there any chance you could take a break?"

"Uh, w-what do you need my help with?" Chip wondered as he pondered the space between Stacy's boobs.

"I need you to go over to Applebaums," Stacy explained in a seductive tone, "and see if you can hear what a couple of girls inside are talking about."

Chip looked deflated; he had been hoping Stacy needed 'help' of a different nature, "You want me to go eavesdrop in a bar? While I'm at work?"

Stacy nodded sweetly, "Uh huh. It will only take you ten minutes. Fifteen, tops. Please Chip? You'd really be helping me out."

"I don't know..." Chip was obviously hesitant. "What do I get out of it?"

Stacy hadn't been expecting that, "Um, what do you want?"

Chip looked at her chest and made a sheepish grin.

"No," Stacy stood. "No way!"

"Come on," Chip lamented.

Stacy let out a frustrated breath. She really wanted to know what was going on between Haley and Sam...

"Okay," Stacy relented. "But just a look. And no cell phone cameras, either."

"Just a look?" Chip complained.

"When did you turn into such a little perv?" Stacy wondered.

Chip shrugged, "I'm a guy, what do you expect?"

Stacy panicked; she certainly wasn't going to let Chip touch her boobs. Suddenly, she blurted "You can see Miley's too?"

Chip's eyebrows raised, "Miley Andrews?"

Stacy nodded desperately.

"Deal," Chip grinned. "Hey Theo! Watch the register, will you? I'm taking a break."

=====

Miley and Stacy sat on a bench across the avenue from the restaurant as Chip made his way towards the entrance. They didn't have a clear view inside, but were out of the way in case Haley or Sam came out.

"I can't believe I had to give him twenty bucks," Miley complained.

"How is he supposed to get close to them if he can't sit and have lunch?"

"Yeah, but twenty bucks? Couldn't he have just ordered a soda or something?"

"That's not all you have to give him," Stacy murmured.

"What do you mean?"

Stacy took a hesitant breath.

Miley glanced at her best friend, "Stacy...?"

"We have to show him our tits."

"What!?!" Miley squealed.

"He wouldn't do it otherwise!" Stacy explained.

Miley couldn't believe it, "Are you kidding me? Are you sure we're talking about sweet innocent Chip?"

"Evidently he's horny pervy Chip, now."

"Can't you just show him yours?" Miley wondered. "You don't have a boyfriend. What would Charlie say if he found out I've been flashing his former co-workers?"

Stacy lifted a shoulder, "I don't know. Don't tell him?"

"I tell Charlie everything," Miley noted. "Even the bad stuff I don't want to tell him. I'll always be honest with him."

Stacy gave her best friend a sympathetic look, "You're amazing, Charlie's lucky to have you."

Miley smiled warmly, "Really? Thanks."

Stacy nodded, "Don't worry. You're relationship survived two lesbian make-out sessions with Haley. I think Charlie will get over Chip seeing your boobs."

Miley grinned and elbowed Stacy playfully, "I'm really glad you called me today. I hated that we were fighting."

"Me too," Stacy agreed. "I missed your bony little butt."

Miley couldn't help laughing, "Yeah, well, I missed your fat ass too."

"My ass is not fat," Stacy mimicked Miley's voice, "I'm just voluptuous."

Both girls began laughing as they fell back into the easy rhythm of being best friends. Miley in particular was happy she and Stacy were back on speaking terms, as a lot had been happening since their fight.

"So, listen. There's some stuff I need to tell you."

"Uh oh," Stacy looked to Miley when her tone grew more serious.

"It's nothing bad." Miley bit her lip, "It's just that, well... Charlie and I are trying to have a baby."

Stacy's eyes nearly bugged out of her head, "Are you serious?"

Miley nodded with a hopeful look in her eyes, "Yeah." She really wanted Stacy to approve.
