 When Becca got down to the main office, Connor was just seeing the last customers out of the bank, so she quickly ran down the stairs to the vault to make sure that she could position everything the way she wanted it. Her move she knew would come when they were preparing the night safes. She positioned the two chairs, that they would use whilst making up the boxes, so that they faced each other and she made sure that she sat with the light facing her so that nothing was in shadow. Then she waited. 

Connor clattered down the stairs like he was on a promise, he wanted to get out of here as quickly as possible and join the boys for a drink. It was Friday and that in his book was party time! He saw that Becca was already seated and ready to help so he went to the night safes and started pulling them out. Crouching down as he was, when he swung round each time to hand the box to Becca, he was confronted and confounded by those lovely legs, his brow furrowed in concentration. "Just gotta get through this," he thought to himself. "Hold your resolve." 

As those words reverberated through the many channels of his mind, they were suddenly blown to the four winds. He had just started to say, "well Becca V, what are your plans for toni..." when right in front of him Becca swivelled in her chair to put one of the boxes behind her, and in doing so parted her delicious thighs sufficiently enough for him to be able to see right up her skirt. The light in the little room had almost been placed there perfectly for everything to be visible to him. He could see that her black pubic hair had been shaped into a heart and was neatly trimmed. He could even see the petals of her lips that in this light appeared to be glistening as if wet. 

Immediately his cock sprang into full erection, throbbing in urgency. He could feel that his state of arousal had simply begun where it had left off from earlier. He knew that a mere touch on his cock now, and he would explode.

Becca had turned back; she could see that Connor was encapsulated by her pussy. He was now hers, her plaything, and her tool, to use however she wanted. She looked at the front of his trousers and knew that she could not leave here without getting a hand on what lay beneath.

She stood, removing the view from Connor, but still he stared at her pubic mound as if he could see through her skirt. "I'm just going to get started on the safes," she said. Connor did not respond. "Connor...CONNOR!" He looked up at her, his face was flushed and he seemed awkward and shy all of a sudden. "I'm just going to start on the safes, come and find me when you are done."

"Urgh sure," he croaked. "I'll be right there Becca V."

She shivered as he mentioned her pet name again, why; why did it have that effect on her? Or was it just his deep voice, could he say anything to her at this moment and make her insides drip with juices? She walked quickly across to the table which was push up against the iron railings. She grabbed the cable ties from her bag tying first her right leg to the table then the left, then as she had earlier upstairs; she lay across the table with her pert arse presented for Connor to see when he entered through the doorway. Lifting her skirt to lay across her back she put her hands through the railings and slipped the cable tie over them, pulling it tight with her teeth. She knew that given an excuse, or enough time to think about this she would probably back out.

This was not like her at all, throwing herself at a man. But God she needed this one. Besides, with the final click of the cable tie, there was no way of getting out of this now. Her hands and legs were fully secured. "God what if he just went and left me here, who would find me in the morning?"

That thought disappeared when she heard the gasp and Connor's footsteps approaching her from the doorway. "God, oh God I need him," her brain screamed, "I need to feel his hands caressing me, his hot lips upon me and his stiff cock inside me. I just hope he wants me too?" 

"Becca V, what's going on?" he said without his usual air of nonchalance.

Becca could feel her pussy contract as he spoke and some of her now copious juice trickled down her leg to the stocking top. She had never been this wet before! "I saw you taking photos of me when I was with Mrs Christian. I saw the bulge in your pants; I saw that you couldn't take your eyes off of my tits. Well now I'm all yours. And the first thing you will do is take more pictures of me tied up like this; then I want you to fuck me, hard!"

She had never before used such language, certainly not to a man, but then she had never tied herself down in front of one, knickerless, either! Becca V was about to apologise when she felt Connor move nearer. She tried to look behind her but realised she had truly done a good job trussing herself up. It was impossible.

Connor looked at the vision before him. His friend, the girl he had been lusting after since the very day she started at the bank; his Becca V, was now spread-eagled across a table before him, commanding him to do all of the things that he had only dreamed of. Her legs were spread wide and each was secured to a table leg. Her hands had been secured through the railings. She was completely immobilised and helpless. Better than this however, her superb arse was entirely exposed and waiting for him, completely at his disposal.

As he took his fill of erotic photos of Becca, his arousal just kept increasing until nigh-on bursting point. If there was one thing guaranteed to get him going, it was taking a woman from behind. He loved the power of this position. A woman wearing stockings and prone before him, awaiting his bidding; was more than he could have wished for. That woman being Becca V, well that was like an answered prayer.