 Becca V's pussy was now aching so much she could almost cry. By now, were she alone or somewhere convenient, she would have to be masturbating to bring herself off, or having it done for her. She had not experienced this level of sexual tension/pleasure before. In fact, she had pretty much been on the point of orgasm since taking off her panties; such was the effect this man had on her. 

As she heard Connor moving around, taking pictures of her bum, her fanny, her body tied in this compromising position; she could barely contain that orgasm. She closed her eyes and thought about the scene like a third party watching and witnessing the violation of an unknown woman. Her thoughts caused a further flow of juices and another trickle of her vaginal lubrication ran across her swollen labia and down the chalky whiteness of her thigh.

Connor was now filming her most intimate of parts in close-up. He witnessed Becca V's vaginal contraction as if beckoning to him and inviting him to enter. He looked closely at the beautiful folds of Becca V's moist lips covered with soft downy pubic hair, as black as the hair on her head. The lips swollen in their arousal could barely contain the erect clitoris forcing its way out of its hood, demanding to be caressed, wanting and needing attention. He had taken enough footage for now, but left the video running as he placed his phone strategically to bear independent witness to the scene before it.

He now needed to feel Becca beneath him, to touch her and taste her juicy cleft. Without further thought, he removed his shoes, socks, trousers and boxers; standing behind her in just his shirt and tie. Before him eight and half inches of throbbing cock, red, angry and as hard as granite bounced in eagerness at the thought of plunging into the tight hole before it.

But still Connor took his time. He knelt on the floor between her widely parted legs and ran a gossamer finger up her left leg, from her calf to the back of her knee, from her knee across the back of her thigh. The feel of the silk material causing goose bumps to arise on his body as well as on Becca's. He thrilled at the touch; his personal fetish was to have all of his women wearing stockings, something he now knew with Becca, he would not need to work at. 

He paused to study the elasticated stocking top, its black filigreed lace intricately patterned with little hearts and flowers. Then he ran his finger over her left bum cheek, stopping at the valley to press gently on her anus, watching as it puckered in response to his touch. Changing hands he ran his finger back down her right leg.

Becca V shook as she felt his delicate touch. It was so soft that at first she wasn't even sure that he was touching her. But as he passed her knee, the tremors in her body became uncontrollable. The goose bumps on her body made her shiver; her nipples almost throbbed in their erection. She could feel his hot breath upon her inner thighs and the thought that she was finally being touched by the man in most of her fantasies was simply intoxicating. As Connor's finger probed her anus, her resolve to hold on collapsed. Gasping she said "OOhh Connor. Ohhhmmmm." Her body arched as she pushed her pussy towards him, hoping that something solid and hard would contact her clitoris; then she climaxed. 

Her body shaking vigorously against her bonds as the orgasm raced through every sinew. As she panted above him in the beginnings of her release, Connor took no prisoners and plunged his tongue between her hot lips and straight into her vaginal tunnel. Becca V screamed her pleasure at him. "YESS, oohh yess. OH MY GOD. Ummm that's good, ughhh oh...please...ohhhHHHH! I'm coming again, I'M COMING, oh...right there, yes right there, lick me, bite me please, OH CONNOR. OH GET YOUR COCK IN ME, I BEG YOU!"

The scent of her sex was a narcotic to him. It filled his nostrils and his very being. He could think of nothing else but pleasing this beautiful woman before him. As he pushed hard forward with his tongue, he probed for and easily found her erect clit. He ran the tip of his tongue over and around Becca V's pleasure centre making sure that her orgasm was unrelenting; as she continued to buck against the ties. She gasped and panted, "Connor, OH CONNOR. God fuck me, please, I need you in me...now!"  

He drank upon her juices as they copiously flowed from Becca V's pussy. Grasping her about the hips he forced his long almost prehensile tongue into her hole, slipping it in and out simulating a fucking motion. Becca V's legs continued to shake violently as the peak of her orgasm subsided. She had not been with a man for six long months; that coupled with the fact that the man she was now being violated by was Connor, resulted in her complete undoing.

Her breaths were ragged and rasping her chest heaved frantically as Connor abused her with his tongue. He pushed deeply into her until his lips met hers. Then he ran his tongue around her vaginal wall. His name for her was apt he thought, Miss V, the V he now knew stood for VAGINA, Becca's vagina one of the prettiest and tastiest it had been his good fortune to come across, he chuckled at his pun. Pulling out his tongue; his face covered with her lubrication he lightly dipped the tip into her anus. He felt the sphincter close around it as he gently plunged two long fingers between her eagerly waiting pussy lips; simultaneously pushing his tongue into her anus further.

Becca V cried out again, sobbing in her delight. "Connor," she begged again, "pleaseee, PLEASE FUCK ME! I need to feel your cock in me please..." 

He needed no second urging and stood; his eight and a half inch lance bobbing before him, pointing directly at Becca V's cunt. He reached forwards and gently took hold of her silken white hips moving until the swollen glossy glans of his cock, already leaking pre-come, contacted Becca V's swollen fanny lips. At the contact she trembled and gasped. She tried to push herself onto his weapon, but being so ably trussed, she could not. "OOohhhh Connor, push him in me, push him in, please." She screamed again. "Make me come, abuse me."

Connor inched forwards; the polished head of his throbbing, pulsing cock slipped easily between Becca's eagerly awaiting hot, moist pussy lips. As the huge shaft head was engulfed within her, Becca's vaginal walls contracted around it, as if unwilling to ever let it go. Inch by pleasurable inch Connor slowly fed into her, violating that most precious of feminine jewels. His cock throbbed as her cunt's rhythmic waves began to seduce the come from him. 

Connor realised he was gritting his teeth in the sheer effort of holding on. He was desperate not to come too quickly. But Becca V and her vagina had other ideas; as her muscles worked the length of his shaft inside her. His cock began throbbing violently as his climax passed the point of no return and at the third such bounce, Becca arched her back in spasm as her third or possibly fourth orgasm hit her, this was new to Becca V. 

She did not think of herself as experienced, but neither was she virginal; this however was a new phase in her love making; a new experience. She had never before been blessed with multiple orgasms, but smiled as she now counted herself as belonging to that exclusive club of very luck women. Her hands gripped the bars of the vault as Connor's last inch of throbbing hard flesh, impaled her; stretching wide her labia and causing more lubrication to drip to the floor.

Becca could not remember ever being this wet with other men or even for herself for that matter. As Connor pulled his erection from her gripping cunt, then proceeded to ram it into her again, she collapsed back down onto the table. Every muscle trembled; every nerve ending sent its high powered signal to her brain; which was already in a state of synaptic overload at the pleasure receptors.

As Connor shafted into her again and again, she cried out at him, "OHHH ummmm FUCK yes, that feels good; he feels good inside me. Ohh I want to see him, ummmm huh, huh, huh, huh, no I need to feel you come inside me, OH MY GOD I want both Connor". She sounded almost distraught that he hadn't got two of his cocks, one to pleasure her from behind, and the other for her to suck on. "Oh, Oh", she panted, her words becoming intelligible. Connor lay across her back pumping his weapon into her like a rutting animal. 

He ran his hands across her bum and down her hips onto the stocking tops on each leg; the feel of the nylon exciting him even more. He ran his arm around under her stomach, whilst the other sought out and found her clitoris and roughly pushed upon this nub of her sex. With her fourth orgasm nearly at ebb, it suddenly appeared to erupt into greater force, or perhaps this was a completely new one, she had no way of knowing or really caring as she was completely lost to the whiles of this man's fucking ministrations and gorgeously large cock. "OH MY GOD,...OH MY GOD", she panted, "what the fuck are you doing to me? Ummm ohhhh that is sooooo gooood!"