 Vicky looked down at herself. There was come over her pubes, her stockings were wet from her own juices, between her legs she could see that Connor's come was leaking out. She looked like the whore she wanted to be for Connor. As her fingers lightly played through her pubes and on to her pussy, she became self-conscious all of a sudden. Knowing that she had never masturbated before for someone, made this act that she was performing for Connor all the more difficult. But as she looked across at him, as he watched her every move, and then as she looked at his cock her masturbational inhibitions subsided. 

Her fingers, now slippery with her juices for the second time today, entered her folds and spread her lips wide to play with her clit, she saw the stirrings of Connor's phallus. She immediately increased the pressure and motion of her finger happy in the knowledge that she was turning this young man on again. As she moaned loudly she kept her eyes open, where she would normally be thinking of a fantasy man, she had one right in front of her to help bring her to a climax. 

Her moaning became more frequent as she quickly approached yet another orgasm, this one self induced. She looked up at Connor. "Do you like what you see? Am I turning you on? Well," she panted, "by the look of your cock, you don't need to answer that question. My God it's huge. And ready for more by the look of things?" She was panting again. Her chest and ribs ached with the efforts of her arousal, but still she pushed on, her pussy was making slurping sounds as her fingers worked her to orgasm, juices flicked from her fingers to her stockinged thighs in her vigour, "ohhh noooo. I'm coming again. I can't believe it, huh, huh, is this what you wanted to see, me debase myself in this way...ooooohhhh?"

Connor stood between her spread-eagled thighs and grasped his cock in one hand, whilst running a hand up and down her now wet thigh. Her cunt juices splashing onto his hand as her orgasm was brought to its height encouraged by Connor wanking in front of her. She couldn't believe that this was happening. All of her fantasies rolled into one. "Oh my, are you going to come on me? Are you going to wank yourself for me Connor? Yes, yes, I want your come on me, on my face, on my breasts and on my pussy."

Connor looked at her, "Keep wanking too," he said breathlessly, I want you to come at least twice more before I cover you with my spunk. She did not need any further asking, as her long filbert nailed fingers were already entering the recently vacated gaping hole of her vagina and were pumping into her as her thumb rode up to press upon her clit. Connor stood on the chair between her legs. He was a very visual man, like most, he loved to watch porn whilst wanking; well this was better than any porn he had seen, his own personal whore wanking in front of him, wanting his come to spray over her.

His hand moved swiftly up and down the long length of his erection the head of which was pointed directly at Vicky. This was an absolute delight for her and at the point that she saw a small drop of pre-come leaving the eye of Connor's cock to dribble across his fingers as he pumped his shaft; she came again. "Ooooooooooooohhh... hhhhhhhhuuuummmmm," she moaned. "Come for me Connor please. Wank yourself all over me. GOD yes..." Her fingers rammed into her cunt as she fucked herself.

Connor had to admit that this woman was a very sexy creature; she had lost all inhibitions and was enjoying sex at its most base level, the pure physical level. Her body's needs and wishes fulfilled. Her frame was racked with spasm as she tried to clamp her legs together to add some more pressure onto her clitoris. The orgasms were shorter now as her body was getting fatigued, but on the first shot of Connor's come, she still managed to climax again. "CONNOR!" she shouted as a gout of come hit her full in the face, splashing onto her lips and into her open mouth, a glutinous trail running and dripping from her chin. He pointed his weapon and fired another shot onto her at one point beautifully coifed, but now a little bedraggled and come splashed hair. Another shot fired clean into her screaming mouth, hitting her at the back of the throat and instinctively causing her to swallow.

He lowered his cock to shoot onto the plateau of her breasts watching as his semen slid down between them and into her bustier. Pointing his cock further down he ejaculated twice across her thighs and stockings dribbling a long strand of come up to her pussy where his cock released more of his sperm. Before he had completely emptied his balls, he thrust his hips forwards and pushed the bulbous silken head of his cock into her mouth, pushing her lips wide as he forced it in. There, he ejaculated a further three times causing her to gag as she tried to swallow the volume. Not wanting her to choke, he pulled away, his come dribbled down her chin and onto her heaving chest.

Connor was finished. His cock ached from being drained four times in 24 hours. Leaving the come soaked Victoria where she was, he quickly put his clothes back on. He was annoyed at his own weakness; cross that this woman before him had aroused him to the point that he had had sex with her; he was incensed at having been blackmailed into this situation in the first place. Looking at the voluptuous woman before him, her fingers still inside her pussy, slipping slowly in and out, he still thought she was an attractive proposition. Even with his come all over her, or maybe because of it. Her fanny lips were swollen red and puffy, her vaginal hole gaping, his and her juice still spilling onto the table top between her thighs.

Her chest was far from under control and heaved as she continued to gasp for breath. The firm peaks still capped wondrously with those large erect nipples. He walked around behind her and putting his hands between the bars, took hold of a breast in each. Victoria moaned as he lightly caressed the large orbs and squeezed the nipples tightly. He then raised her right arm to above her head, her fingers noticeably wet with her juices and he secured it there to one of the bars. Walking back around, he took some more video and stills of the tied and fucked woman in front of him as with closed eyes, and a somewhat satisfied look on her face, she continued to flick out her tongue to mop up the come on her lips and chin. He turned to leave.

"Wha...what are you doing?" Victoria asked; sudden fear and apprehension in her voice.

"Leaving you to contemplate your fate," Connor retorted. "You surely did not think you would get away with your ploy without reprisal did you?"

"But...but I thought you were enjoying it too?" She whimpered, more hurt about the thought he did not enjoying her abuse than she was at possibly being left there. "I did enjoy abusing you," he admitted "and that upsets me even more than what you have done to manoeuvre me into this position. So your punishment is to be discovered as you are, by the first person down those stairs. Mine is to admit to Becca what it is I have done and hope she understands."

"You cannot be serious Connor?" Victoria sounded more like her imperious and aloof self. "It's going to be hard enough, if not impossible, me getting out of here unscathed with no skirt and no knickers, isn't that punishment enough?"

"Not for me Victoria, no not for me." He started to leave again.

"Connor, no please, you cannot let someone find me like this, please I beg you."

"No Victoria, you got what you wanted; now you must pay the price." He threw this comment over his shoulder as he climbed the stairs. "Connor...Connor please," she screamed at him, "if I am found like this, I will never be able to work in this town again. Everyone will know," she wailed. Connor ignored her and continued to climb. "Connor...CONNOR!" As he stood at the top of the stairs he could hear her sobbing. He waivered for a moment in his decision, but then turned out the downstairs light and left her in darkness to contemplate.

Connor looked at the clock; they had been having sex for over an hour. It was now 07:00. The Bank did not open until 09:00 so he had a couple of hours yet. He felt dirty now, like he had tarnished himself? He decided that he needed a shower so headed for the door. Jumping in his car, he drove home. Thoughts of what he had been made to do, running through his head. How was he going to tell Becca? Would it matter to her, they had only had sex once after all? But he dismissed that, because it mattered to him.

Victoria sat in the dark sobbing quietly. She knew that she deserved some form of punishment, but had obviously misjudged Connor. She didn't believe that he was capable of being this cold and heartless, but then again, she had never pissed him off before. How the fuck was she going to get out of this one unscathed? Chances were she wasn't. Had it all been worth it? The mere thought of what she had just been put through, what he had done to her; had her stomach churning and her pussy starting to ache again. Oh God yes, it was worth every second!