 As both women groaned in their sexual fondling, Connor, his cock deflating, knelt on the floor and untied Victoria's legs. He then moved behind her and released her hands too. To her own surprise, Victoria's freed hand cautiously ventured to the pert breast before her, she looked at the still hard nipples with a new eye. She found she wanted to make this young girl squirm as she had been made to squirm.

For the first time in her life, she gingerly touched the sweat covered orbs of another woman. Feeling the soft skin beneath her fingers pucker into goose bumps made her smile. Becca V's nipples responded too by swelling to their limit, as she groaned into Victoria's neck. "Ummmm, you have lovely hands Victoria. Do you like the feel of my breasts?"

"Ohh I'm so confused," she admitted. "I should not be enjoying this yet I am? I should not be letting another woman touch me as intimately as you have, but your fingers are deep inside me and it feels soooo good. I have never had as many orgasms as I have today at the hands of you two,and... ummmmm, oh I think you and your fingers are going to give me another one! I... have,oone thing to... huh,ohhh God... , one thing to ask, no... one thing I must have!"

"And what my pretty is that?" cooed Becca into Victoria's ear before sticking her tongue into it.

Connor's cock had been at rest for only a few minutes, but that appeared to be all it needed. The sexual antics of the two women before him, their conversation and the wet slapping sound of Becca V's fingers in Victoria's succulent pussy, were all this red-blooded male needed to re-light his fire. He moved in closer so that he could see Becca's fingers sliding expertly in and out of Victoria. He pondered that on those fingers was a mixture of his semen, Becca's juices and now Victoria's. What a cocktail!

He lifted his hardening cock and mounted Victoria's leg again, only this time her hand was free, and it flew to grasp hold of his weapon. She ran her hand along its long length, back and forth, dragging back his foreskin to fully expose the angry pink head; she then held him between her delicate fingers and moved his cock from side to side across her thigh, rasping its head across the silken stocking. It was evident that she now had the measure of his fetish, and he knew it.

"What is it that you want Victoria?" Becca V asked again. Her voice was breaking as Victoria's hand increased its manipulation of her breast and her own manipulation of Victoria's cunt was beginning to take its toll on her. The slurping sex sound driving both women on to a heightened state of arousal. "This! This is what I want," she held Connor's cock in her hand like some victorious fisherman, showing off his catch. "I want this inside me, fucking me, I want it in my arse, fucking me and I want it in my mouth, fucking me and coming in me."

Becca V turned to Connor, then back to Vicky and said, "but that is not mine to give."

Connor said nothing, but a slight smile grew upon his lips as with strong hands and arms he pulled Victoria across the desk and span her around. He then gently pushed her down so that her breasts were forced onto the cold desk-top causing a gasp to wring from her. He manoeuvred Becca V in the same way so that he was now faced with two perfectly formed, well-rounded tight arses. He then grabbed Victoria's right hand and placed it between Becca's open thighs, making sure her fingers were in contact with Becca's dripping wet pussy. "Finger her!" He commanded the older woman. Then he took Becca V's left hand and placed that between Vicky's legs, "you know what to do!" He said to the younger woman.

Without further talk, he moved forwards, his granite hard phallus bouncing in its eagerness to be buried once again. As he nudged the massive head up to Victoria's mons veneris, the bulbous head looked too large to be taken within her vagina, but it slipped in with ease, all the way to the hilt. Immediately Victoria started to pant, "Ohhhhummmm Connor,ohhh... FUCK! You, huh, huh, have made me... oh God... one happy,fucking hell Connor he feels enormous! Oh thank you, this is heaven; it is what I've needed for a long, long time... "

Connor pumped into her tight pussy as Becca V's expert fingers teased on her clit and as his shaft withdrew, she would lightly play along its length before he rammed in again; pushing hard onto Victoria's pussy and adding extra tightness for the wet, lubricated shaft. Each withdrawal and thrust forwards was an assault on Victoria's senses and she openly sobbed as her body uncontrollably quivered with each powerful thrust forwards pinning her against the desk, her breasts skipping over the cold smooth surface. As her fingers tentatively encircled Becca's erect clitoris she realised she was enjoying that experience too; pleasuring another woman, like only a woman could. As quickly as her pussy lips had been parted by Connor's cock, it had been taken from her; she looked behind her. On the verge of orgasm, he had stopped, why?

Connor now approached Becca he slipped his phallus between her engorged labia lips and pushed firmly and deeply into her. "OOOOhhhhhbaby, baby... ohhhh, ohyesss, oh... not again, not yet, ohh I can't believe it! She pushed herself up whilst still managing to finger Victoria. "This cock is mine now Connor, do you hear that?" She panted loudly, "fucking hell, he is so hard. Pump him into me, fill me." Connor smiled and pulled out his juice covered cock and ran it up the valley of Becca V's bum, pushing under the feinforced gusset hole in the tights, again enjoying the feel of the material on his exposed cock head.

Then aiming at her now lubricated anal sphincter, he slowly pushed his cock into her arse. It was so tight and hot that he almost ejaculated there and then. He had to hold deathly still and manage his composure to will the approaching climax back under control. His cock was pulsing furiously in his efforts, so close to orgasm. Becca cried out, "oh GOD... oh GOD... OHHHHH GODDDddd. HE's... ohh he feels fucking huge, I feel like I'm being torn apart, he's too big Connor! OOOhhhhh fuck that is goooooddd! Ohhh Vicky, stick your fingers into me and feel his cock inside me, feel the pulsing, yes, yes, that's right, just there... oh,OH..OH, OHHHH! YES! YES!"

As soon as Victoria's fingers slipped into Becca V's recently vacated and well lubricated vagina, Becca orgasmed noisily. "OOOHHHhhhhh GODDDDDdddd, ummmmm... mmmm. I can feel every throb of your fucking great COCK, ohhhh Connor, don't come yet, I know its selfish but... huh, huhmmmmm... I want more, we need more. We need to see you coming after you've fucked us some more!" She turned to Victoria and gently kissed her as the older woman inserted a third finger and then a fourth into the orgasming cunt beside her.

Connor knew that his time was very near, and having satisfied one woman for the moment, pulled out of Becca's tight, tight arse and slipped easily back into Victoria's hot wet and very eager pussy. After two or three long strokes into her, he pulled out his cock again, slick with her lubrication. Victoria was in a terrible state. Her orgasm halted at the point of crashing upon her senses picked up immediately from where it had stopped, and after only three deep thrusts into her, the object of her torment was removed from her pussy again. She was on the point of protest, thinking that this was some sort of torture the two had agreed upon, particularly as Becca V's fingers had now halted their play too, even though they were still firmly nestled between Vicky's labia. So in her desperation to come, she pushed down on the fingers using them as a masturbational aid, she had to come, and come now!

But Connor had not finished and was in torment himself desperately holding on as his cock leaked dribbles of pre-come which dripped from the end as he quickly lined it up with Vicky's rectum and gently pushed the huge swollen head passed her tight rectal muscle and into to her anus. She whimpered into Becca's open mouth as her orgasm immediately hit her. Connor slapped her bum as if riding a cantering horse, slapping both of her cheeks and making them rosy-red in the process. "Is this what you needed then my whore? You will both be at my beck-and-call from now on. Anything I desire, you will do, anything, at anytime, do you understand?" Victoria could only nod; her screams of orgasm as he rode her arse were being forced from her lungs with every deep thrust. She had never had sex like this before, and it was intoxicating. She felt completely powerless. Something in her life she was not used to. This man and this woman could basically do anything to her and she knew, no matter what that was, she would be more than grateful. "HUH, HUhhhh, ummmmm, oh, oh, oh... I," she panted at him, then just nodded again. Connor turned to Becca and slapping her across the arse got her compliance quickly too. 

Connor continued to fuck Vicky's arse, every now and then slipping out his cock to lubricate it in her vagina, after a few thrusts there, returning it whence it came. He was very close to coming now so giving her pussy a few more deep thrusts he withdrew. Grabbing both women by the hair he dragged them off of the table and onto the floor. He walked round to face them his proud glistening phallus bobbing up and down as he walked. "OK my whores," he said bringing his slippery cock into close proximity to their faces, "get licking, I want a double-headed blow job!"