 Authors note:- This is a follow on to the previous chapters of Becca Xxx. Please read them before reading this or you will not understand the plot or characters.

*****

The 'Serenity' was a vast and luxurious boat. Every modern convenience was accounted for and beautifully finished. Tony took my hand and led me off the bridge in search of the showers. He had already swept the ship to check if we were alone, so he knew his way around. The boat consisted of three different levels. 

We left the ultra-modern bridge, with its screens and controls and headed through a small galley kitchen and sitting area on the upper deck. We went down the stairs to the main deck and I caught a glimpse of a much larger galley area, dining room and huge sitting room which extended to the stern of the boat and out onto a patio area, complete with jacuzzi and day beds. 

I was in awe of such a gorgeous vessel, finished in leather, chrome, wood and glass. Sanchez had good taste if nothing else. I must have looked completely out of place walking around naked on the stolen boat, covered in dirt and sweat from our escape. I also had Tony's sperm running down my leg from the fucking of a lifetime he had just given me at the helm.

He must have sensed my reaction to the boat as he led us down another flight of stairs to the lower deck.

"How the other half live eh?" he joked.

"How the criminal underworld live more like. Who says crime doesn't pay?" I replied.

We got to the lower deck and walked past a huge walk in wardrobe. Tony paused outside it and pushed the door open.

It smelt of new car smell like the rest of the boat. It was as if the boat was fresh out of the showroom. 

"There's plenty of clothes in there for all shapes, sizes and occasions. It would appear that Sanchez has this place fully equipped with everything you could ever ask for," he said, raising his eyebrows.

"What's wrong with what I'm wearing right now?" I laughed, looking down at my naked filthy body.

"Nothing. You look beautiful to me," he replied looking me up and down. "Come on, let's take a look at the master bedroom, we can take a shower."

We walked a little further, feeling the thick carpet underfoot and entered the master bedroom.

The bed was huge and fitted with black satin sheets. It looked like a five star hotel with the finery it was fitted out with. No expense had been spared and it was no wonder Sanchez was so proud of his Serenity. It must have cost millions, which was a drop in the ocean to him.

I walked into the bathroom and literally let out a gasp.

"Holy shit this thing is huge," I said looking at the massive shower.

Tony followed me in and placed his gun on the vanity unit.

"I guess he needs room for more than one person in the shower at a time," he shrugged.

I stepped in and switched on the shower. A rainfall of sparking fresh water fell from the ceiling. I watched Tony cleaning his teeth in the mirror as I waited for the water to heat up. His back looked like it had burn scars on it. I had felt them when I ran my fingers down his back. He also had two star shaped scars on his shoulder which matched the two on his front. They must have been exit wounds from bullets. He had definitely seen lot of action. He wasn't a huge guy, but he was well toned. His shoulders and arms rippled as he moved. His back muscles were well defined as were his legs and ass.

As I checked out his body I looked between his legs from behind as he bent forward. His cock was still semi hard and I noticed his balls were shaved. His cock was big enough to be seen from behind and swayed slightly with his movements. He turned and walked towards the shower to join me and I got a better view of his manhood. He was uncut with trimmed pubic hair above the base of his shaft. It looked delicious.

He caught me looking and just raised his eyebrows. I suddenly felt shy that he'd caught me checking him out and lowered my head, giving him a coy look. I stepped under the cascade of water and sighed as it splashed onto my body. I hadn't showered in two days and it felt exquisite to finally freshen up. I had been forced to piss myself and had been repeatably raped and showered with cum in the cellar, not to mention being covered in dust and dirt from our escape. The water washed over me and took all of that away. I looked down at the brown sludge in the shower tray as I got myself clean.

Tony stepped in with me and started to wash himself. I washed my hair into a lather and rinsed it off. It felt so nice. I kept taking a sneaky look at him as he stood under the waterfall with his eyes closed. He too was washing his sins away along with the grime. I rinsed the shampoo from my hair with my eyes closed and felt Tony move in behind me. He was slippery from the soap and I moaned as our bodies brushed together. He helped me rinse my hair and then scrubbed my back to get to the parts I couldn't reach. His hands were rough and warm and he was gentle, working his way from my shoulders and down to my pert buttocks. He washed them too and spent a little more time on them that he should.

I reached my hands backwards and pulled him into me from behind, grasping his ass cheeks. I felt his hard cock press into my back and he moved his hands round across my belly, pulling me in closer. I let my head flop back and he kissed me on the lips. A long soft lingering kiss as the water sprayed down on us.

"Hard again so soon?" I gasped, feeling his cock rubbing against my soapy skin.

"You make me so hard Becca," he sighed.

My head fell sideways and he kissed my neck, his hands exploring every inch of me. He squeezed and massaged my perfect breasts and fluttered his fingers across my belly. I felt so safe in his embrace. The violence of the nights escape seemed a million miles away.

The steamy shower continued and the smell of apple shampoo and mint body wash filled our lungs. His hands went lower and eased his way towards my vagina. He knew what I'd been through and how many men had fucked and abused me. He was so gentle. His soapy fingers found my labia and he massaged me as he washed between my legs. I parted my thighs to allow him better access, hoping he'd slide his cock into me again from the rear, but he had other ideas.

His fingers found my swollen clitoris and I moaned out loud as he stimulated me. I made a grab for his cock behind me to encourage him inside me, but he was out of reach.

"No Becca. This is about your pleasure. Not mine," he whispered in my ear as he kissed my neck some more.

"But I want you," I begged.

"Later. This is about you."

He wanted to get me off without reciprocation. I liked pleasure to be mutual, but I'd make it up to him later.

He rubbed my slippery bud and moved his other hand up to my breasts again. He caressed them softly and kissed me gently.

My cunt yearned for him and he knew it.

"Fuck me Tony," I pleaded, "Take me now."

He rubbed me a little faster.

"Enjoy the feeling Becca," he whispered. "Let it take over."

I felt my pussy lips engorge with blood and my orgasm build. 

Caressing, rubbing, kissing.

"Oooohhhh Tony...the things you do to me..." I moaned.

My legs were going weak.

"Let it go. Feel it flow through you," he said in a breathy voice.

The hot water splashed off my naked tits as he continued to take over my body. His rubbing got stronger between my legs.

Caressing, rubbing, kissing. Slowly building.

"Slide it inside me Tony. I need it so badly," I groaned.

His other hand left my breast and joined its counterpart between my legs. He spread me open gently with his fingers and massaged my erect bud with his thumb. I felt like I was about to explode.

"Pleeaaasseeeee, fuck me...i want you..."

I felt his hard cock against my ass. He wasn't going to fuck me, I knew that. He wanted to pleasure me without conditions. Maybe he was showing me that not all men were rapists and perverts and that a little love and tenderness was better.

"You're so fucking sexy," he whispered. "Just let it go."

"It's not fair," I gasped, close to cumming on his hands.

"We have all night," he replied.

"I want it now," I gasped.

"Want what?"

Caressing, rubbing, kissing.

"Your cock...inside me...please..."

Caressing, rubbing, kissing. I was close.

"Tell me," he said.

"I want your big fat manly cock inside me," I begged.

My dirty talk was turning me on, just like he knew it would. He wanted me to get myself off with my words and his fingers.

"And then what?" he asked, teasing me.

"And then fuck me hard...oh my god...fuck...and then...shoot your spunk in me again...oh...oh...uh...fuck."

I came hard buckling at the waist as Tony supported my weight. I squished my thighs together enjoying the sensation of water on my body, Tony's tight embrace and the contractions of my pussy as he made me cum. My orgasm washed over me like the water from the shower and Tony held me tighter and rubbed slower to prolong my climax.

"Oh...shit...fuck...Tony...I'm cumming..." I stated the obvious.

He let it pass and then removed his hands from my womanhood and turned me around.

I kissed him lovingly as a thank you. 

"That was beautiful to watch," he said.

We stared into each other's eyes for a few moments and then he turned the shower off.

"You're amazing," I said in awe of him.

He smiled.

"Hungry?" he asked.

"I'm hungry for your cock," I said, making a grab for it.

"You can re-pay the favour later," he laughed, slapping my hand away. 

I gave him a playful pouty face. 

"Hungry?" he asked again. 

"I'm fucking starving. Do you think there's any food on board?"

Tony left the shower and picked up a towel and threw it at me before getting himself one and starting to dry himself off. His hard cock bobbed up and down as he moved. I got my first look at his erection and it was impressive. His shaft was over seven inches long and pretty thick. Due to his aroused state his foreskin had withdrawn halfway, showing his purple shiny glans. I was looking forward to sucking him off later, but right now we needed food.

I stepped out of the shower and dried off.

"I'll throw some clothes on and go and check out the galley for some dinner," he said.

"That would be wonderful," I cooed, still a little unsteady on my feet. "After dinner its my turn to blow your mind." 

He smiled and walked off into the bedroom with his gun in his hand and then disappeared to find some clothes from the walk in wardrobe. I cleaned my teeth before wandering to the bedroom.

I found a hair dryer and a drawer full of expensive makeup and started to get myself back to normality after being tied up like a dog in the cellar. It was these simple things that I had missed. A shower, clean teeth and fresh clothes worked wonders for morale.

Tony stuck his head back into the bedroom. He was now dressed in black chinos and a fresh crisp white shirt.

"I'll meet you in the galley on the main deck. I'll see what there is to eat," he smiled.

Before I could say anything he ducked out again.

I did my hair and makeup and felt a million times better than I had over the last two days. I never needed to wear much makeup, but my eyes looked stunning with dark grey eyeshadow. I wore pale pink lipstick and wore my hair down. I wanted to look nice for my saviour. I made my way to the walk in wardrobe and started to look for something to wear.

Sexy underwear was first on my list. Once again Sanchez didn't disappoint with his selection and taste. I kept it simple and wore black lace butt-hugging panties. They had enough material to keep my sopping quim in check, but also showed plenty of ass. I was sure he'd love them, if I got to keep them on long enough. I didn't bother with a bra. My perky breasts never really needed one despite being rather large. It would give him a real treat to see my nipples poking through when I got aroused.

I searched the wardrobe until I found every girls favourite fuck-me dress. A little black skin tight number with thin shoulder straps. I slipped it on and admired myself in the mirror. It was short enough to reveal my butt cheeks and low enough to show my cleavage, but still looked glamorous with just enough slutiness to drive him wild with desire.

I was ready.

I walked back up through the maze of the boat and found Tony in the galley.

"Wow," he said, open mouthed when he saw what I was wearing.

I gave him a twirl. 

"It looks like Sanchez has good taste in clothes as well as boats," I giggled.

"He definitely does," he said aghast.

"What's on the menu tonight Tony?" I asked, looking at his crotch.

He smirked at the double meaning I'd inferred.

"Anything you like, the boats fully stocked. I could cook you my signature dish if you like?" he said.

"You can cook?" I said in surprise.

"I'm a man of many skills," he laughed.

"I already know that," I winked. "But I didn't know you could cook too."

"How about you get us a drink and I'll make dinner," he said, placing his hands on the galley worktop like he was taking ownership of his new domain.

"Sounds like a plan," I said moving over to the huge fridge.

We were like a couple of newly weds on our honeymoon. The trouble behind and ahead of us seemed so far away, as we played at house on such a magnificent boat.

"Is the boat alright without anyone driving it?" I asked, over my shoulder.

"I've dropped anchor and we're radar invisible so we'll be fine for the night."

"Good because I've got plans for you later," I stated.

I leaned into the fridge allowing my dress to ride up. I knew he was looking at me even though I couldn't see him. I felt his eyes on me. No doubt that huge cock of his was still hard in his pants. The chill from the fridge made my nipples hard and they showed through my dress as I turned with a bottle of chilled Champagne in my hands.

"Is Champagne ok or do you prefer beer?" I asked.

"I don't mind so long as it's wet," he smiled.

His innuendo was as naughty as mine. It was going to be fun night.

I passed him the bottle.

"Do you want to pop your cork?" I winked.

"You're terrible," he said.

"What?...I meant the champagne you dirty boy, get your mind out of the gutter," I gave him a cheeky look.

He opened the champagne and I poured it into two crystal glasses. We were living the high life now.

We clinked glasses.

"Thanks again for coming to get me," I said.

"You don't need to keep thanking me. I told you I needed transport to Algeria to rescue the girls and bring Sanchez in. Helping you escape was a bonus," he smiled.

I watched Tony prepare a salad and get two large steaks from the fridge.

"When are you going to tell me who you really are?" I asked, trying to get some information out of him.

"You haven't figured it out yet?" he asked.

"No. I think you're some sort of soldier, but you're not regular army, not with those skills."

"I'll tell you what. Why don't you give Lexa a call, I'm sure she'll be able to tell you who I am by now, plus she'll want to know that you're safe. Here, use my phone," he slid his mobile across the worktop to me.

I gave him a curious look and dialled Lexa's number from memory. I walked into the lounge as I waited for her to answer. I was just wandering aimlessly like you do when you're on the phone. I was also trying to get out of earshot of Tony.

She answered on the third ring like always.

"Lexa," she answered in a stern voice.

"Lexa, it's me Becca."

"Becca. I've been so worried. Are you alright?" she sounded concerned.

"Yeah I'm fine. It's a long story, but I've escaped with Tony and I'm now on Sanchez's boat."

"Boat? What boat?"

I explained the last two days events as a summary. We needed to move forward with the assignment and not dwell on the past. She listened intently, not really asking for details, they were irrelevant at this point.

"So you're heading to Algeria to rescue the girls and apprehend Sanchez?" she asked.

"That's the plan. We could do with some information though. We're not sure of his whereabouts in Algeria. We know its on the coast near a large cell phone tower which looks like a Christmas tree. That's what Alice told us. Maybe you could find it for us." 

"Of course. I'll get a team on it right away. We'll search satellite imagery. Do you need anything else?"

"Is there any back up coming our way?" I asked.

"I'm still trying, but Algeria is tied up in more red tape than Spain, so you're still on your own for now."

"Fucking marvellous," I said sarcastically.

"I'll do what I can," she said, sounding positive.

"I hope so. There's one more thing though."

There was a pause on the line.

"You want to know what I've found out about this Tony guy?" she already knew what I was going to ask.

"Exactly."

"I hope you're sitting down," she said.

I was standing at the back of the boat looking out into the blackness. There was a full moon reflecting off the water and it looked flat and calm out there.

"Go on," I said.

"Well, you said I should try looking for dead ex-special forces soldiers didn't you. You thought he'd faked his own death. Right?"

"Yeah," I glanced through the lounge to the galley and saw Tony busying himself with dinner.

"You were wrong. He's not dead or ex-special forces. In fact he's not ex-anything to be honest."

"What then?"

"He's still in the military. He took some finding, but you telling us about Alice being his niece has enabled me to narrow down the search. I had to call in some favours, but I've found him."

"Who is he then? You're killing me here, " I was getting impatient. 

"His name is Sergeant Anthony Fox, aged forty five and he's been in the military for nearly thirty years. He joined the paras in eighty nine and then passed selection for the special boat service in ninety two. He's fought in every theatre of war you can possibly imagine and some that you can't. He's a military machine by all accounts," Lexa gave me his background. 

My heart skipped a beat.

"You're in good hands with him Becca. He's the best there is at this sort of thing, he's been involved in all recent conflicts overseas, including Iraq, Sierra Leonne, Kosovo, Bosnia, Libya, Syria and Afghanistan and they're just the ones I've had access to. He disappeared off the radar about three years ago, which is why people think he's dead. He's not...obviously, but he left the SBS and joined a special section of the military called Grey Ghost," she continued.

"What the fuck?" I gasped in drawn out words.

"I know. It gets better though...listen to this. He was pivotal in the rescue of members of the Royal Irish Regiment from the west side boys in Sierra Leone in two thousand and one. He was also responsible for the capture of Saddam Hussein in two thousand and six and Colonel Gaddafi in two thousand and eleven," she said. "He's one of the most highly trained soldiers on earth. He's a fucking assassin, a ghost and if he's with you looking for Sanchez there must be more to it than just rescuing his niece. I think it's a planned strike against a terror network. Whether his niece is involved or just in the wrong place at the wrong time I just don't know, but he's there for a reason," even Lexa sounded shocked by it all.

I was silent for a moment taking it all in. Was this his plan all along? Did he use his niece as bait? Was this all part of his latest undercover mission? My head was spinning.

"Are you still there Becca?" she asked.

"Yeah...sorry...I'm still here. What do you think I should do then?"

"Stick to the plan. We all want the same thing and he's obviously one of the good guys. We all want Sanchez out of the picture and the girls rescued so stick to that and see where it leads and I'll try and get some more information from my sources," she sounded excited.
