 Authors note:- This is a follow on to the previous chapters of Becca Xxx. Please read them before reading this or you will not understand the plot or characters. 

I woke up slowly in the master bedroom of Sanchez's super yacht. The previous night I had left Tony making phone calls to bring his team of Grey Ghosts to Algeria and help complete our mission. Lexa was also on her way to Algeria to either try and bring me home or help us out, I wouldn't know which it would be until she'd heard our plan. 

Whichever way it was going to go I'd already decided I was going to do whatever Tony asked of me. We both had people we wanted to rescue from Sanchez's secure compound. Tony wanted his niece, Alice, back and I wanted my four friends out of danger. If we managed to rescue the rest of the girls and capture Sanchez that would be a bonus. 

I stretched and yawned feeling my muscles pull and relax between the black satin sheets of the huge bed. I had showered the night before and then fallen into bed. I had taken Tony's instructions seriously and had only washed myself with water. He'd told me to avoid strong smelling soaps as I would need to blend in with the locals. 

I must have slept the sleep of the dead due to the stress of the assignment because I had no idea Tony was in bed with me. I felt his strong arms wrap around me from behind and he pulled me in close. He felt warm and safe. 

"Morning sexy," he whispered. "Are you still feeling feisty or have you calmed down a bit?" 

I looked over my shoulder at him, still in a sleepy daze. 

"Mmmmm I can be feisty if you want," I cooed, snuggling into him. "I didn't hear you come to bed?" 

We were lying like spoons with him behind me and me tucked into the curve of his body. 

"It was late and you were out like a light, I didn't want to disturb you." 

"Did you get hold of your team?" I asked. 

"Yes Ma'am, as instructed. They'll be here soon," he mocked, as though I was his commanding officer. 

"Good boy," I commended him. 

I turned and kissed him over my shoulder. His hands immediately came up and fondled my naked breasts. 

"Mmmm someone's feeling frisky this morning," I sighed, in pleasure. 

"You're body feels amazing Becca, so firm and tight." 

"That's not the only thing that's tight," I said. 

I felt his hard cock rub up against the crack of my ass as he pulled me in closer by my tits. His head went to my neck and I went all shy as he kissed and nuzzled my sensitive spot. He was starting to know my body pretty well by now and knew how to get me going. Not that I needed it, I seemed to spend my whole time feeling like a horny little skank these days and with a man as masculine as Tony playing with me I stood no chance. 

His kissing was gentle and sensuous, as was his cupping and caressing of my perky tits. My nipples were rock hard in an instant and he tweaked and rolled them in his fingers. 

"Ooooh Anthony. You are a dirty boy this morning. I can feel your cock pressing up against me, "I whispered. 

"Waking up to a girl as beautiful as you are has that effect on me." 

"Awwww I'm sorry. Maybe you should sleep in your own bed then, if you can't control yourself," I giggled. 

"I can stop if you want me too," he joked, removing his hands from my tits. 

I grasped his hands and interlocked my fingers with his, pulling them back onto my boobs. 

"I didn't say stop," I laughed. 

His attentions were back on my neck and nipples and I started to breath heavier in anticipation. My pussy lips swelled and moistened and the yearning in my belly spread across me once again. I loved the way my body reacted to stimulation and anticipation. Just the thought of cock made me wet and even dirty or sexy words could make me drench my knickers in no time. Not that I was wearing any of course. I usually slept naked and would often wake up with wet sheets where I'd leaked in the night having filthy dreams. This morning was no exception and I knew he'd slip into me without the need for foreplay. 

"That big cock of yours is feeling awkward pushing against my ass, why don't you put it somewhere more comfortable," I said seductively. 

"Where did you have in mind?" 

I lifted my leg and spread them wide to expose my slimy gash to him, inviting him in. He stayed still, prolonging my agony. 

"You can put it somewhere wet and slippery or somewhere dirty and tight," I panted, spreading my cheeks for him. "I don't mind which." 

Tony had told me before that he preferred the correct hole, but it was worth teasing him to see if he wanted to take my ass. 

His right hand left my breasts and slid down across my hip and over my ass cheek. I shuddered at his touch. He caressed my butt for a few seconds and then I felt his hand brush against the inside of my thighs, worming its way to my sopping labia. His fingers parted my lips and he slid one in making me moan. 

"You don't need to check if I'm wet Tony. I'm always fucking juicy with you around," I giggled. 

He slid his slimy finger out and moved it down towards my asshole. I suddenly realised he wasn't checking to see if I was turned on enough, he was lubing his finger to stick it in my ass. 

"Ooooh fuck. You dirty cunt," I gasped. 

He applied pressure to my anus and his finger punctured into me. I didn't even flinch, I'd had some big cocks in there in the past and a finger didn't bother me. 

"Shit that feels tight," he murmured. "Does it feel ok?" 

"Feels amazing, but I didn't think you liked anal." 

"You bring out the kinky side of me. I told you before, I've never met anyone like you, you have a strange effect on me." 

I felt his fingers between my legs. His index finger was buried up to his second knuckle in my ass and I felt him slide his middle and ring finger into my dripping cunt. 

"Wow you certainly are feeling dirty this morning, you kinky fucker," I cooed. 

His fingers started to slip in and out of my holes in unison. 

"Two in the pink and one in the stink," I chuckled, knowing what men called this sex act. 

"You make it sound so fucking sexy," he said. "I love the way you talk so dirty, its one of the things I love the most about you." 

He was talking about love and I wasn't sure if he was in love with me or just talking rhetorically. With is fingers stuffing my holes I guessed it wasn't really the time to ask. 

"You mean you love it when I'm a little slut." I corrected him. 

He chuckled and continued to finger my fuck holes. I started to writhe in time with his movements, letting him take control of me. He slipped his finger briefly from my ass to wet it in my pussy and then slip it back in. 

"I think someone likes playing with my asshole," I giggled. "Why don't you try something a little bigger?" 

"Yes Ma'am." 

He removed his fingers and I felt the tip of a very hard penis pushing against my love lips. He pushed his hot dick into my pussy with a long loud groan, feeling my inner walls wrap and contract around him, almost sucking him in. 

"Fuck...Tony...I love your cock inside me," I moaned. "...but that's the wrong hole." 

"Just getting it lubed up," he said. 

He thrust in and out slowly and I felt the wetness leaking out of me and coating his throbbing shaft in seconds. 

"Stick it in my ass," I begged. 

I felt the emptiness in my vagina as he withdrew and pushed it against my puckered starfish. He was almost trembling in anticipation and so was I. 

"You're about to violate my ass Anthony. Its going to feel wickedly dirty for both of us," I cooed. 

I relaxed and pushed back against his throbbing cock. He took it slow, savouring the moment of sodomising me. He pushed past my outer sphincter closely followed by the inner one. I gasped and pushed back even harder wanting to take his full length in one hit. My anus expanded like elastic and gripped him tightly. 

"Holy fuck Becca," he gasped. 

"I know...feels amazing doesn't it?" 

"I've done anal before but it never felt this good. Oh my god you are so dirty," he squirmed behind me. 

I giggled and wiggled my ass towards him to encourage him to go deeper. I finally felt his balls against my pussy lips and knew I'd taken all he had. 

"You're balls deep in a hot girls ass Antony. How's it feel to have such control over this little whore?" I teased. 

"You like being called a whore?" he asked, sounding a little wary. I didn't think he was used to treating women like fuck toys, but I wanted him to with me. 

"I love being called all sorts of dirty names. You know I love dirty talk and being taken advantage of. You can do anything you like to me so long as it feels nice." 

It was an intense moment for both of us and he stayed there for a moment not moving, just enjoying the tightness that enveloped his shaft. His hands caressed my hips and across my stomach to my breasts making me shiver. He seemed reluctant to fuck me. 

"You won't break me Tony. Fuck my ass," I instructed him. 

He started to pull out and then push back in with short strokes to begin with. 

"Longer strokes. Let me feel that fucking length," I ordered. 

He pulled out slowly and then pushed in deep. 

"That's it. Now speed up and get rough with me. I fucking love hard anal." 

I felt his cock throb just from my words. He started to increase his pace and his fingers found my clit and rubbed me gently. 

"Oh fuck yeah. Fuck my slutty hole," I moaned, feeling the emotions take over me. 

"God this feels amazing, you're such a bad influence on me," he whispered. 

"Am I?" 

"You know you are. Such a dirty girl." 

"A dirty slut!" I corrected him. 

"Yeah." 

"Say it. Tell me what a slut I am," I panted. 

I reached round and pulled him into me to make him fuck me harder. He felt incredible in my ass. 

"Dirty slut," he repeated tentatively. 

"Mmmm that's it. What else am I?" I gasped getting off on being called names. 

"A little bitch!" 

"Oooh I'm a bitch am I? You better fuck me like one then," I said sliding forwards and feeling his rock hard dick slip out. 

I bent over on all fours like a bitch and arched my back. 

"Shove my face into the pillows and fuck me like a dog," I hissed. 

He didn't hesitate. He gripped the back of my neck and pushed my face forwards into the soft pillows making my back arch even more and my ass present itself to him. Lust was taking over him just as I wanted it too. I wanted anally fucking like an animal. 

"Filthy little bitch," he giggled. 

His cock pushed into my wet quim taking me by surprise, I was expecting anal. He pounded into me for a few hard strokes causing me to lurch forward with each forceful thrust. 

"That's it. Fuck me hard. Do what you want to my body. I fucking love being dominated," I panted. 

As I said that he pulled out again and I looked up from the pillows to see what he was doing. I watched him bend lower and devour me with his mouth. He sucked my sodden labia into his mouth and spat the juice onto my anus, before going back for more. 

"Fuck. You taste so fucking good," he gasped as he ate the heart of my being. "Mmmphhh such a tasty little slut." 

His tongue punched into my pussy savouring my unique texture and flavour. 

"Oooh you dirty fucker," I moaned. 

"You love it." 

He licked me from behind as I pushed my ass back into his face. His tongue went from my erect bud, into the valley of my slit and onto my perineum. I thought he was going to reverse the process but he kept going. His tongue licking across my dirtiest of fuck holes. 

"Eat my ass you dirty cunt!" I cried. 

He was going to anyway, but hearing me beg for it made him want it more. It always did as all men were the same. Hearing a sexy woman beg for filthy sex never failed. 

He rimmed me like he'd done it a million times, teasing at first with pokes of his pointed tongue into my hole and then licking around my puckered opening. I was glad I'd showered the night before, but at that point I doubted he'd have minded. He was losing his inhibitions and learning that sometimes it was alright to lose control of yourself when you were in the moment. 

Just as I started to feel my orgasm approaching he stopped, forced my face back into the pillows and ploughed back into me. My pussy took the first few thrusts and then he pulled out and rammed it into my asshole. 

"Jesus Christ Tony," I squeaked with delight. "You're such a dirty fucker." 

"You love it whore." 

Hearing him call me names started to tip me over the edge. 

"Yeah. I'm your whore," I over emphasised the word 'your' to give him a sense of ownership over me. "Fuck my slutty holes." 

He took my instructions literally and started to alternate between my meaty wet cunt and my swollen sphincter. Two thrusts in my pussy and then three in my ass over and over until I started to cum. 

"Oh...oh...ugh...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...I'm cumming!" I screamed. 

My orgasm overwhelmed me and at that point my eyes rolled back in my head with pleasure. 

"You're such a dirty little slut. I love it," he cried, not letting up. 

Pussy. Pussy. Ass. Ass. Ass. 

I'm gonna cum in you," he yelled 

"Do it. Fill my fuck holes." 

Pussy. Pussy. Ass. Ass. Ass. 

My legs started to buckle as I writhed beneath him like a demon. 

"I'll fill you up alright, you cum junkie bitch," he changed to one thrust in each hole. 

Pussy. Ass. Pussy. Ass. Pussy. Ass. 

It drove my orgasm higher and I screamed like a rape victim. 

I felt him thrust harder and start to cum. He didn't change his pace as he ejaculated, he just kept going. 

Sticky spunk filled my pussy first and then my ass as he continued his unrelenting assault on my willing young body. 

Pussy. Ass. Pussy. Ass. Squirt. Squirt. Squirt. 

My holes were dripping in cum as he finally buried himself balls deep in my twitching, overused pussy. His weakening spurts died off and he collapsed on top of me pushing me flat onto the bed in a sweaty, panting mass of limbs. 

I lay there recovering with him kissing my neck softly as we came down from the high of climax. We rolled back onto our sides and he spooned in behind me with his cock still twitching inside me. 

"For someone who's not into anal, you made a pretty good job of it," I panted. 

"God. I don't know what came over me. You just looked so filthy bent over begging for it." 

"That's the general idea. There's a reason I'm a seductress. We'll make a sexual deviant out of you yet," I giggled. 

"Maybe," he said gently stroking my ass cheeks. 

"Only maybe. I asked you what you liked and you didn't seem fussed. Remember? And now I've had you eat my dirty panties, enjoy a mind blowing suck job and blow your load in my ass," I giggled at my accomplishments. "What's next on sergeant Fox's filth list?" 

He laughed. 

"Whatever you want to do with me. You're incredible in bed, but I still don't think I want to role play you breastfeeding me," he joked, remembering what I'd asked him the night before. 

I flipped round and pushed my tits into his face playfully. 

"Come on you know you love sucking my tits," I laughed. 

I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him into my left nipple. 

"Feeding time for baby," I cooed, like mother's do when talking to new borns. 

He pushed me off and got out of bed, playfully throwing a pillow at me. 

"You fucking weirdo," he chuckled. "Get those things away from me." 

I threw the pillow back at him and jiggled my boobs left and right. 

"Come on baby Tony. Don't you want some mommy milk." 

"Freak," he laughed at my playfulness. 

He disappeared into the bathroom and I heard him cleaning his teeth and washing his face. I guessed play time was over for now and I snapped back to the job on hand. 

"What time are your team arriving?" I asked, lying back down into my bed. 

"Anytime now. They were stationed in Gibraltar so they won't be long." 

He came back into the bedroom, oozing sex appeal as usual. Throwing some clothes on he said, "I'll check the perimeter and get some breakfast started. Don't lay in bed all day we've got lots to do." 

"Yes sir," I saluted. 

He disappeared taking his sub machine gun with him. It was never more than an arms reach away from him. 

I stretched and yawned and let out a blissful sigh. His seed was leaking down my legs so I decided to get out of bed and freshen up. I copied Tony's example and brushed my teeth and washed with plain water. I did my hair and makeup and fifteen minutes later I was ready to follow him up the stairs to the main deck, wearing a pale green summer dress. I'd opted for the no underwear look to allow some fresh are round my well fucked holes. Beside I thought it might entice Tony to bend me over the worktop and fuck me again. I was still feeling horny. 

As I walked up the final few steps I heard voices and laughter and I froze in the stair well to listen. 

There was guffawing and back slapping and general banter and I guessed Tony's team had arrived, so I assumed it was safe to continue. 

As I walked through the lounge area I saw five large grey waterproof duffel bags bulging at the seams and a large black case about eight feet long. I stepped over them and continued to the galley where the voices got louder. I stopped just outside the door and listened again. 

"The boss wants us all back asap, once this is done," said one of them. 

"I know. Two or three days max and this'll be over," replied Tony. "Did you get the intel I asked for?" 

I heard a bag unzip and an envelope being slapped onto the worktop. 

"That's about all we could get. There's building layouts and satellite photos, but that's about all. We'll have to work a plan around what we've got." 

I shuffled to see inside and saw two men standing next to the island in the galley. They had their backs to me and must have been talking to Tony and the other two Grey Ghosts. 

"Is the skirt going to stand out there all day, or is she going to come in and say hello?" I heard one of them say to Tony. 

They must have heard me eavesdropping, some sixth sense that these elite soldiers possessed. 

I brazened it out and wandered in with my head held high. 

"Skirt?" I asked, mocking his odd terminology for a woman. "Where are you from, the fucking nineteen sixties?" I gave them all a smile. 

His mates laughed and Tony stepped forward to introduce me. 

"Guys this is Becca. Becca this is the guys," he said using his arms to point to them and usher me into the loose gathering of people. 

"Pleased to meet you all," I said. "Do you have names or is it just 'the guys'?" I mocked Tony's introduction. 

"Of course they do Becca. Hayward, Jock, Lance and Virg," Tony pointed at each of his team in turn. 

"Virg? That's an unusual name, is that short for Virgil?" I asked, looking at the youngest guy in the team. 

The rest of them fell about laughing. 

"No. It because he's a virgin," said Hayward, the oldest among them. 

"I keep telling you guys, I'm not a virgin. There was that girl in Kabul," spluttered Virg. 

"Yeah, yeah, so you keep saying. What was this imaginary girls name?" joked Lance. 

"I never got her name. It all happened so quickly," Virg was going red with embarrassment. 

"I bet it was. I bet you spunked in your pants before she even got her tits out," said Jock in a deep Scottish accent. 

Virg's face was a picture of lies. He didn't want to be the only virgin among them, but he was a terrible liar. 

"Not all men have to fuck everything that moves," I said, offering him some support. "I think its nice in this day and age that a guy wants to save himself." 

"I'm not a fucking virgin," he protested, his voice going high pitched. 

They continued to mock him and laugh and joke as I gave them all a once over. 

Jock was a big guy in his thirties. He'd obviously spent a lot of time lifting heavy weights. He was a lot bigger than the rest of them. His Scottish accent was deep and powerful and he looked like he could get run over by a bus and still survive. 
