 I had been with my ex for 5 years when it all went downhill. He said he still loved me but that he just didn't find me attractive anymore. This crushed me. I'm only 28 but if guys are already turned off by me, what chance did I have to find anyone else?

I moved out and rented a small flat. After much moping around, my friends convinced me that I needed to get dolled up and go on a much needed girls night out in town with them. I agreed. I was desperate for a night of good sex, I had been really horny for weeks now. I also wanted to prove I still had it when it came to getting a guy. 

I dressed in a very sexy short skirt, a low cut black bodice top and a new bra and matching knickers. I felt sexy as hell. 

After a few drinks in some of the towns quieter bars, I insisted we went to a more rowdy pub that I knew had more of a reputation of a meat market than the more sophisticated wine bar we usually went to. 

Even though I was putting on a brave face, I was desperate to prove that I could still pull a half decent looking guy and not any pissed lout. 

I spotted a group of men by the bar and one was definitely what I was looking for. He looked like a rugby player. Big shoulders and thighs and rugged looks. He was dressed in jeans and a fitted t shirt. 

He looked over at me and flashed a smile. Mmmm...what I would give to get fucked by him tonight... I was getting wet at the thought of it. Imagining his fingers touching me. Mmm his hot mouth on my body...

I got a mirror out of my bag to make sure my make up was still in all the right places. I looked up, it looked like he was going to head over to me. 

Just then a fight broke out at the bar and bouncers rushed in. The police arrived shortly after too. There was glass everywhere plus odd pools of blood and beer. The police herded most of the guys outside including my rugby player. Oh well, so much for that. 

A policeman came round to ask if we had seen anything. The bar it seems didn't have any cameras and none of the bar staff saw anything. I told him that I didn't see what happened but that he had ruined my night by taking all the good looking guys away. My friends thought it was time we called it a night now before he hauled me off too. We finished our drinks and called for a taxi. Once outside my rugbyplayer guy was nowhere to be seen.

After dropping the others off I was the last left in the taxi. As it neared my house I dug around in my handbag for all the money the other girls had given me towards the fare. Damn. I couldn't find it all. I turned my bag upside down on the seat. The driver seemed keen to wait, staring at me in the back from the rear view mirror. He was 50 odd and pleased with his choice of profession, picking up scantily clad girls on the weekend. I wondered what I would have to do if I couldn't find all the money. Ergh. 

At last I found it all and handed it over, much to his amusement. I looked down to follow his line of gaze to see my breasts almost bursting over my bra. Damn. Oh well at least someone saw my sexy new bar. 

I quickly stumbled out of the taxi almost landing on my face but trying to keep what little dignity I had left. He drove past at speed, no doubt to pick up his next drunk girl incapable of keeping her breasts in her bra. 

I reached in my bag for my keys. I had to stand still to have a good dig around in it as my tiny bag obviously had a secret compartment that money and keys seemed to disappear into. But it was no good, they were gone. Shit. It must have been when I turned everything upside down looking for the money in the taxi. 

I had no option but to walk back to town. It was a least a 20 min walk. I had given my mobile to one of my friends to call the taxi and she never gave it back. Shit shit. At least it was a clear night. I was then glad that I had opted to move back to my home town when I split with my ex. Rent had shot up but it was still a safe place to live. 

I headed back at a slow walk. Thinking about my ex, how I hadn't noticed things were starting to fall apart. I thought his sex drive was just calming down with us getting older. We used to do it into the next morning some nights. But lately he barely bothered to finish me off. I realised we hadn't had sex for a least a month. When I came to think about it, when we did do it, it was more of a chore than a good time anyway.

I thought back to the rugby player at the bar. I wondered if he went there regularly. And how would I convince my friends to go back there again another night... 

I was busy in my thoughts and suddenly noticed a car pull alongside me. I started to panic. I didn't recognise where I was. I was so lost in my thoughts, I had become lost myself. Shit. I kept walking and didn't look down at the car. I wanted to appear in control of myself. I knew I was a bit tipsy still, but he didn't. 

'Hey,' he said. 

For a brief moment I thought it might be the taxi with my keys! I stopped and looked down at him in the car. Fuck, it wasn't the taxi. 

'What do want? I'm not a hooker!' I blurted. 

'I know you aren't a hooker,' He laughed 'I saw you walking on your own and just wanted to check if you were ok. It's late and I don't think it's very safe for a young woman to be walking around on her own,' he smiled. 

'Well I don't know why you think you would be able to protect me any better than I can myself!' I was happy with my comeback. Not bad considering how much I had drunk earlier, it must be wearing off. 

Then it hit me. It was my rugby player from the bar! God he was even better looking up close. A wave went through my stomach and the muscles in my pussy involuntarily tightened and relaxed. I flushed. I didn't even know this guy and my body already wanted his cock inside me. He had such a sexy voice and laugh. I though about hearing his voice whisper in my ear. A wave went through me and my pussy clenched again.

'So why are you out here this late? You aren't walking home are you? Not on your own?' he asked.

I was embarrassed, I felt like a kid making excuses. 

'I left my house key in the taxi and my phone with a friend, so I was walking back to the taxi office to get my key.' I felt tired now and it probably showed too.

'Why don't you let me drive you to the taxi office? It's safer then walking around on your own and its warmer in here too.' He looked concerned.

I hadn't realised how cold it had become. I looked down the raod, the town seemed further away then I remembered. I looked back at him. God he was sexy. He smiled at me looking innocent. I decided to throw caution to the wind, maybe it was the drink. I walked round to the passenger side, but he had already jumped out of his side and had put a jacket around me. I looked down and noticed my cleavage was almost on full show again. Shit. 

'I'm not that bad! I don't need help getting into a car!' I protested. 

He just smiled, he was enjoying this!! Let him have his fun I thought.

I wished we could have more time together than the drive to town. I thought of an excuse to invite him in when I had my key back. I sat back into his leather jacket around my shoulders. His aftershave filled the air in the car and it seemed like it filled my head when I inhaled. I looked over at him. His strong hands on the steering wheel. The muscles on him were unbelievable. His t-shirt clung to him showing them off perfectly. His jeans were tight too, especially around his crotch. Mmm.... tight enough for me to see the outline of his cock....?? I stared down at it, trying to see... 

He shifted and tried to adjust his jeans. Oh God, how embarrassing!! I turned away and looked out of my window.

I suppose I could just invite him in for a coffee to say thanks for driving me to the taxi office. I got butterflies in my stomach thinking about having him in my flat. Telling him he could spend the night as it was too late to drive back to where ever he lived. The wave went through my stomach and the muscles in my pussy involuntarily clenched again. Then an excuse for him to stand close to me and touch me with those hands....

'Ok, I'll go check if they were handed in,' he said. 

I came out of my daydream. I looked blankly at him. 

'What?,' but he was already out of the car. He was only in there for seconds then back in the car.

'They haven't had any handed in.' He turned to face me.

'Damn!' I said, I must have looked so disappointed. I wouldn't have him in my bed now. I was already very wet from my thoughts on what I would have done to him and what he would have done to me. What now??

'Look don't worry,' he said, thinking I was more upset then angry. He had no idea. 

'We will try them again tomorrow. You can stay at mine tonight if you need to. Unless you want me to drop you somewhere, a friends house?' He looked my in the eyes.

My heart skipped a beat. I played it cool. 

'Erm, I er, don't think my friends would appreciate it if I turned up at their house this late. And I don't really know you...' I played with a button on his jacket. 

'Look, I won't make you do anything you don't want to, but you can trust me' He smiled and winked at me.

My heart skipped a beat and my pussy clenched again. God I could feel how wet I was. What the hell.

'I don't even know your name!' I couldn't believe I hadn't even asked him.

'It's Craig,' he smiled.

'I'm Becky. If you are sure it wouldn't be too much trouble - I can't get into my house anyway, so it's your sofa or the street!' Hey different bed same guy, I was still game for a night of fucking him. 

'Right,' he set off. 

We soon arrived at what must have been his house. Craig was soon at my door, offering a hand to help me out. His aftershave still around me from his jacket almost making me light-headed with the smell of him. I felt his arm across my back, his hand on my waist. I slipped my arm around him too, pretneding I wasn't steady in these shoes, his back felt so warm against my arm. I felt his muscles tighten under my hand. God he had muscles everywhere. 

We stopped at the front door. He moved his arm from around me and I let mine slip to my side. I stood in front of him, with my back close against him as he fumbled to get the key in the door. I could almost feel his breath on me. Well it was now or never. 

I leaned back and pressed my body up against his. I felt his strong chest against my back. I felt his muscles suddenly tighten then he relaxed. I dropped my head back onto his left shoulder and inhaled his aftershave again. He wrapped his arms around me and moved his lips to my neck. I nearly jumped at the touch. God his mouth was wet and hot. I could feel his breath on my neck. I couldn't help but let out a moan. 

He moved his left arm up towards my breasts. His fingers pulled my bra down and cupped my right breast. My legs almost buckled. I was leaning completely against his body now. I could feel his cock starting to push into my lower back. His fingers found my nipple. He gently squeezed it between his finger and thumb. I moved my face to find his lips. He kissed me gently, his tongue searching for mine. I met it and kissed him back. My fingers were running through his hair. He teased my nipple and moved his other hand slowly down between my legs. 

My pussy was aching to feel him inside me now. His other hand left my breast and moved behind me and down to my legs he moved his hand between them and gently lifted one of my legs so I had to lean back against him completely for support. His hand round the front of me reached under my skirt. His fingers pushed my knickers to one side. I felt the cold air on my pussy then his warm fingers exploring me. He gently rubbed my clit with his finger then inserted into me. I moaned again. He must have felt how wet I was now. I moved down onto his hand almost begging for more with my hands wrapped around the back of his neck. He slipped another finger in. 

He broke the kiss and moved his lips to my ear. 

'God I want to fuck you,' he breathed into my ear.

I let out another moan. I was rhythmically moving against his fingers now. I was desperate to feel his cock. I moved my hands from his neck and reached behind me, my hands immediately found a massive bulge in his jeans. I pulled at them until they undid. I slipped a hand into his boxers. He let a moan out and slowly thrust into my hand. He was rock hard. I could feel his precum from his boxers brush against my wrist. I wanted to taste him.

I reluctantly pushed his hand from my pussy and lowered my leg from his grip. I turned around to face him. We kissed again. Deeper this time, both desperate for each other. I grabbed his cock again and started to move down towards it.

'Not here, lets go inside,' he said breathlessly. 

I hadn't even noticed we were still outside by his front door. We were surrounded by houses but it was dark apart from the street lights. 

It was too late, I was already on my knees. I could smell his cock. It smelt of cum and sweat. God it turned me on. I licked my lips and slowly touched the tip of his swollen cock with them. I licked his sweet precum. He let out a throaty moan. I looked up at him. It felt so sexy being outside. His jeans and tight boxers were now round his ankles. His eyes were closed and his head half thrown back. His hands were now in my hair gently pressing himself into my mouth. Knowing that I was turning him on like this made my pussy clench again. I could feel my own juices stating to seep through my knickers. 

I licked swirls into the tip of cock, gently sucking at his precum. He tasted as good as he looked. I parted my lips and moved as far down his cock as I could, I cupped his balls in my hand. He moaned again and pushed himself even further into my mouth. I moaned too, feeling it touch the back of my throat almost making me gag. His grip on the back of my head was harder now. I moved my hands round to his bare arse. Mmmm I gave it a squeeze. Pulling him towards me and into my mouth again. 

He started to fuck my mouth. His hands moving my head back and forth on his wet cock and my hands squeezing his arse encouraging him further in with each thrust. I could taste his sweet precum dripping down the back of my throat. I was drinking it all up. I desperately wanted to taste his salty cum. He was fucking my mouth harder now, more franticly. We were both moaning with each thrust. I could hear his heavy breathing as he looked down and watched me sucking his cock. 

I moved my hands from his sexy arse. I grabbed his cock with one hand as I slowed his thrusts in my mouth while he watched me puzzling to see what I was going to do. I slid the other hand between my legs and slid my forefinger inside me, covering it with my silky juice. I then moved my hand between his legs and slipped the now wet finger gently into his arse. His breath caught in his throat as he threw his head back in surprise and pleasure. He started thrusting into me harder and faster while my finger was inside him, keeping his hole open. I felt his muscles tense up. Then he thrust hard and deep into my mouth. His hands pulling my head right into him almost chocking me, and let out a long groan from deep in his throat. 

'Oh Fuuuuuck,' he gasped. 

Then I tasted him. His hot cum shot right onto the back of my throat. I swallowed hungrily. 

Spray after spray filled my mouth as he rocked his cock in and out, moaning with every thrust. I encouraged every last drop out of him. Licking it from his tip, sucking it from his cock. Tasting it all down his shaft. His grip on my head took a while to relaxed. I gently continued cleaning the sticky cum off his cock with my tongue and lips as I eased my finger out of him. His hands rested as they followed the movement of my head as his breathing eased and I continued cleaing him. 

'Fuck,' he said, once he had his breath back, he seemed lost for any other words. 

I looked up at him with lust in my eyes. He looked down the street to see if any curtains were twitching. He pulled me up off my knees, his now semi hard cock pushing against my thigh. He kissed me. The taste of his cum still in my mouth and his tongue dancing with mine, tasting it too. 

My breasts were out completely out over my bra now. I pushed into him so he could feel my hard nipples against him through his shirt. His hands cupped my breasts. He teased my hard nipples in-between his fingers. He moved his mouth down my neck. He found a nipple and teased it with his tongue. I arched my back leaning against his door, raising my breasts to him. He sucked my nipple into his warm mouth then moved to the other, I felt the cold air on them as he teased from one to the other. My hands were in his hair pulling his head into my breasts, desperate to feel his mouth on each nipple. He moved his mouth back up to mine. He moved a hand down between my legs. I instantly parted them for him. He pulled my skirt up and stroked my pussy. 

'MMmmm, I can't believe how wet you are,' he breathed in my ear. 

He cupped my pussy and ran two fingers along the length of it over my knickers. I was so wet for him, my knickers were completely soaked through. He moved his hand away to look at it. His fingers were covered in my juices and shining in the light from the street lamps. I found it such a turn on seeing my sticky juices over his fingers. He raised his two fingers to his lips and sucked them, taking all my juice into his mouth. I couldn't help but watch him in awe.

'God you taste good,' he groaned. 

He moved his hand back down to my pussy and kissed me. I could taste my juices in his mouth. I kissed him hungrily. The remnants of his cum meeting my juices in our mouths.

He pulled my knickers to one side and found my swollen clit. I groaned and lent further back trying to open my legs wider for him. He broke the kiss and knelt down. He pulled my knickers down and I stepped out of them. He lifted one of my legs onto his shoulder. I leaned right back onto the door for support, opening my legs as wide as I could for him. One of his hands held my pussy apart. He moved his head down, I could feel his warm breath. He buried his face right into my wet pussy. I moaned with pleasure. My hands were on the back of his head, my fingers in his hair. My nails dug into his skin willing him on as his tongue moved over the whole of my pussy. He probed his tongue deep inside me and sucked at my pussy, drinking my juices that were there for him. He traced his tongue along my pussy until he reached my clit. He slipped his fingers inside me while he gently licked my clit.

I nearly fell to the floor. I was almost sitting on his shoulder now, half my weight on him, the other half leaning back on the door. His fingers continued to explore my eager pussy and his tongue teasing my clit. I looked down at him. His jeans and boxers were still around his ankles, his arse bare to the night, he was kneeling with his face buried in me. Fuck he looked so horny. Something about being half naked and not caring who could see us was really turning me on. I had never done anything outside before. 

His moved his fingers in me while licking my clit. I was desperate to cum with his face in my pussy. I was pushing down on him, moving rhythmically. He moved his fingers from inside me and started stroking his cock, covering it in my pussy juice. I could see he was as hard as a rock again. God I wanted to fuck him. It took all my strength to push his head away from my pussy. He looked up at me, his face gleaming with my pussy juice. It took one look at me to know what I wanted. 

He wiped his face across his sleeve, then moved his face to mine. We kissed again, searching inside each other. I felt his cock brush against my bare thigh. I opened my legs willing him to fuck me. He lifted one of my legs around his waist and moved his cock in between my legs, slowly rubbed my clit with it, teasing my pussy. I moaned. He kissed my neck. I dug my nails into his back under his shirt. He pushed further in, finding my pussy lips. I held my breath. Then he was entering me, fuck I had been waiting all night to feel his cock in me. He slid it in further and further. Groaning as inch after inch of him entered me. I released my breath with a loud moan. He felt amazing. His cock stretched me open. His pelvic bone was pushing hard against my clit. I couldn't stand up anymore. I lent back against the door again. He pushed in even further. He was breathing hard now.
