 Damn, it's got to be the hottest day of the summer. The temperature on the bank clock flashed 101 about every 15 seconds. 

I was driving my CJ-7 and man, is she a beauty... 13" lift with 38" tires on it, a KC Light bar across the roll bar and the prettiest pearl white paint job you have ever seen. The light bar is removable and also mounts onto the bumper so I can put the hard top on, but for now it's too fucking hot to have the cover on. But not that it helped much because hell, the air is even hot. I live in Texas, born and raised, and there is no place I'd rather be. I've been other places on God's green Earth but there is nothing like Texas.

My name is Travis, I'm 6' 3" tall and weigh about 220lbs. I have blonde hair that I keep cut in a flat top. On this day from hell I was heading to the beach, for some sun and site seeing. And what I mean by site seeing is checking out the women, which is another reason I love Texas. Like I mentioned before I've been around and there is not a better place in the World for fine women than right here. There is another reason for the topless jeep and that is, it's a pussy magnet. Women love riding in my jeep. I go to the beach at least every weekend. Pull up on the beach and turn up the tunes and just ride up and down the waterfront, as soon as traffic gets thick, BAM they just jump in and ride down the beach a ways and then they jump out and another load gets in. I know what your thinking... why in the hell would I enjoy these strange women jumping into my jeep riding a bit and getting out. Well, most people from Texas are real friendly and eventually I will get to chat with one and she wont get out. And then I'll take her to my house and fuck the shit out of her.

So there I was, riding on the beach and hauling some fine females around when this group of girls got in. Three jumped in the back and one sat next to me in the front. We started talking and she said she was in town for the summer she was a junior at Southwest Texas State University. She was a beautiful woman, 5' 9" tall and the bluest eyes I've ever seen. Nice tight ass and some beautiful tits, not too big and not too small but just right. She had this sweet bikini on that was French cut and showed off her long muscular legs. 

We rode down to the place I usually turn around and start back and when her friends jumped out, she told them that she would catch up to them later, that she was going to ride with me a while. Her friends started giving her a hard time and she turned red, but told them she'd catch up later and we drove off.

"So you go to SWTS, but where are you from?" I asked.

"Oh, I'm from around the San Marcos Area, actually Fredericksburg." 

"No joke? I used to go deer hunting up there with my buddy."

"Yeah we get a lot of people up there during deer season,"

"Ok, do they name beautiful women in the San Marcos area or do they just call ya'll darling or sweet thing?"

"My name is Kriss Tucker and no I'm not the black comedian."

I laughed and said "I'm Travis James, but my friends call me TJ, which you are more than welcome to do."

We shook hands and said our nice to meet you's, and all that. We continued to talk as we rode up and down the beach. Along about 1:00 I asked if she would like to get something to eat, she said yes and that she needed to make a pit stop anyway. So we pulled into this bar and grill that was right off the beach. We ordered our food and she went to the restroom while I got us a place to sit.

She returned and we talked a few minutes until our food showed up. She dove into her burger like she was starving, and I kinda laughed 

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing," I replied. "It's just there aren't too many girls that eat like that in front of guys."

She turned a little red and said "I'm sorry, but I have a couple of big brothers and if you want to get something to eat around our house you better get to it."

"Don't apologize. I like a woman who eats and don't sit there and play with their food."

She just smiled and started eating again. Before we left the grill, I had to make a trip to the restroom, got in there and was pissing and looked up on the wall and seen one of those condom dispenser machines. I knew I didn't have any condoms on me, and if this girl wanted to get wild I was going to need one. So I dropped in my.75 cents and got a condom started walking out and went back and got another just in case I might need it.

I paid the check and we loaded up in the jeep and started back down the beach. As we pulled out of the grill another group of girls got into the back, and I just took them down the beach a ways. Kriss thought it was so funny that these people would just jump in my jeep not knowing who I was or anything like that. 

I looked at her. "Yeah it's real funny but about 2 hours ago you were one of these people."

She turned red. "Yeah but I'm different I knew you were special."

I laughed and said "Yeah right."

One of the girls in the back tapped my shoulder and asked if I could stop and let them out. So I pulled over and they jumped out. Another group was about to get in when I looked at Kriss and she slightly shook her head. 

"Sorry ladies. Maybe tomorrow but I'm done for today," I said and then drove away.

We talked and drove and the next thing I knew there was no one around as far as we could see. 

Kriss looked up. "Where the fuck are we?"

I laughed. "The beach."

She slapped my arm and laughed. "You're kidding?"

She said she had to pee and that I needed to stop. 

"There's probably and port-a-can around here some where."

Kriss cut her eyes at me. "I'd rather be seen pissing in the sand than pissing in one of those gross ass port-a-fucking-johns."

"Ok, chill," I said and took and sharp left and went over the first set of sand dunes. 

She jumped out and went behind the jeep, pulled her bottoms off and squatted and pissed.

"Damn it" she hissed, "I don't have any paper to wipe with."

I reached over to the glove compartment and pulled out some napkins I keep in there. 

"I have some napkins here," I said and reached back to hand them to her. But I could quite reach her, and she didn't want to stand and get them so I jumped out of the jeep and walked around towards the back, and handed them to her. Being the gentleman that I am I didn't look or try to catch a glimpse of her pussy. Besides, watching women pissing does nothing for me. But I have to admit that once I got out of the jeep I had to piss so I went around to the front and pull out my cock and started to piss. 

When I was done I looked up and Kriss was standing there staring at me. 

"What?" I asked. "Are you the only one allowed to piss here?"

Turning red, she answered, "No I'm not the only one allowed to piss here."

"Then what are you staring at?" I asked, knowing full well what she was looking at.

"Your cock," she said and jumped back into the jeep.

I climbed in and started the jeep, turned around and headed further down the beach. I stopped at another bar and bought some beer and ice. I always keep a cooler in the jeep for emergencies such as these. And we continued on talking and driving and drinking the cold beer. Damn, it was going down real nice with the summer heat. 

A bit later she said she had to pee again and I again climbed the dunes and sat while she got out and pissed, not forgetting the napkins this time. 

She got back in. "You don't have to go?" she asked.

"Not now. Am I supposed to go when you do?"

"No," she said "It's just I thought you would go and we wouldn't have to stop again for a while."

"Let me ask you something," I said "Do you really care that I have to piss or do you just want to look at my cock again?"

She just smiled a wicked smile. "I just want to see your cock again."

I thought I was kinda forward with my question but the look and the answer almost floored me. I just shook my head and got out and walked around to her side of the jeep, grabbed her around the waist and kissed her. 

When I pulled away I said, "All you have to do is ask. You don't have to play games."

She just looked at me.

"Get back into the jeep," I told her. "I know a really secluded place where we can go."

She jumped back in and off we went.

About 2 miles down the beach a ways, I turned left again and climbed the dunes but this time I kept going for another half a mile. Then I put the jeep in neutral and killed the engine. I lifted the back seat and pulled a blanket out and started walking to the front of the jeep. She jumped out and hurried after me. I spread the blanket out and she dropped down on her knees almost before it settled in the sand. She grabbed my shorts and yanked them down and just looked at my cock. 

"Have you ever seen one of these before?"

She looked up. "Yes but not this big."

"It's not that big, it's barely 7 ½ " long."

"Yeah I can see that, and it's also so fucking thick."

Then she took a deep breath and tried to put the whole thing into her mouth. And the second that her hot tongue hit my cock, I thought I was going to pass out. She slowly licked it all over and sucked on the head. Then she held it up and took my balls into her mouth and sucked on them awhile. Then back to the head she went and all the way down to the nut sack, she then stuck out her tongue and started licking my balls. 

She slowly backed off my cock and grabbed it with her right hand and started jacking it up and down real fast while sucking the head. I didn't think I would last much longer so I pulled her up and sat her on the bumper of my jeep. I slowly rolled her bikini bottoms down and was face to lips with the most beautiful shaved pussy I've ever seen. I stuck out my tongue and just barely rubbed it against her slit, and went all the way to her belly button. Then I started back down until I got to the top of her slit and I turned slightly to the left and slowly went over her left lip, and down to her thigh. Barely touching her skin with my tongue had the desired effect that I wanted, so I started back up her thigh the top of her slit and back down her right lip to her right thigh and back up again. 

She had her head back with her eyes closed and she was sitting still. I grabbed her knees and spread her legs and continued the torture of barely licking her pussy. The juices were flowing and her scent was incredible. I slowly spread her pussy lips with my tongue and started licking the inside just as slow as the outside. I got to the top of her slit and started licking small circles on her clit. 

A loud moan escaped her mouth and she took and deep breath and grabbed my head and jammed her pussy into my face. She was grinding her pussy into my face so hard that her juices were all over my cheeks and running down my neck. I pulled back and looked up at her and pulled her away from the bumper and spun her around and placed her hands on the hood. Spreading her wonderful ass cheeks apart, I then started to tongue her asshole. And that's when she started going crazy, she started screaming and pushing her ass onto my face.

"Oh God yes Travis! Lick my ass! Stick your hot tongue in my ass!"

She was really enjoying it, but I was far from done. Running my right hand up her thigh I started to rub her clit and finger her pussy. I stopped and turned her back around and clamped down on her clit and stuffed one finger up her ass and another in her pussy and started fucking her with my fingers. The louder she got, the harder I sucked and soon she was coming all over my face. I continued to lick her slit until she calmed down a bit. Then I stood up, spun her around once again and put on the rubber I bought at the grill, and slammed my cock into her pussy from behind all the way to the bottom. 

She drew in a real sharp breath and I just sat there with my cock surrounded by a hot pussy that felt like molten lava. She soon started working her hips back and forth, so I started matching her movements. I would pull out until just the head was left in and slam it back in. I put my left hand on her left nipple and started to pinch and twist it, then I slid my right hand down to her clit and started rubbing it in circles. And the whole time I was hitting her pussy so hard my balls was slapping my hand on her clit.

Soon she started screaming "TRAVIS, GOD FUCK ME I'M FIXIN TO CUM AGAIN". 

I couldn't pass up a request like that. She started to shake and I knew that she was coming, I wrapped my arm around her and held on until she calmed down. I slowly withdrew my cock from her pussy and it was so slick with her juices that I aimed a little higher and pushed it into her ass. She made a real throaty grunt and slammed her ass down on my cock.

"Oh God Travis", she said. "Fuck my ass as hard as you did my pussy".

I was in heaven. I grabbed on to her hips and started plowing my cock into her tight ass. I slowed down and reached around to diddle her clit, but her hand was busy rubbing her clit. So I placed my hands back on her hips and once again started slamming her ass for all I was worth.

Her ass was so tight that I couldn't last.

"I'm fixing to cum." I said.

"I want to taste it."

I quickly pulled out of her ass, yanked off the condom and she spun around and opened her mouth just in time. I started spraying my cum into her mouth and she closed her mouth to swallow but I wasn't finished. The rest went across her face all the way to her forehead. 

I collapsed onto the blanket. She sank down onto the blanket with me, picked up the corner of the blanket and wiped the cum off her face. We relaxed a while and then got up and picked up the blanket. We got dressed and sat in the jeep for a minute drank a beer and relaxed.

I pulled the jeep up onto the top of the highest sand dune, and we watched the sun go down. Don't know if it was because of this beauty next to me, but that was the most beautiful sunset I have ever seen.

The gulf breeze picked up and it was getting chilly so I took her back to her hotel, parked the jeep and walked her to her room. She opened the door and I kissed her goodnight and walked away.

That was the last time I saw her, and that was 22 years ago but the memory of that day is burnt into my mind forever.