 Earlier this summer, my coworker Rachel and her husband Jeff went on a five day cruise and put me in charge of feeding their tropical fish. It wasn't the first time I'd taken care of their little school, but it was the first time that my pay was more than just . . .

*************************

To further set the stage, the morning Rachel and Jeff left for vacation, I got an email from my protege that read: "In the top, left-hand drawer of my dresser is a videotape Becky loaned me. I think you might like it. When you have an hour or two, pop it in. Check it out."

To say that my curiosity was peaked would be an understatement. Fortunately for me, Aaron would not be getting home until sometime after eight, which meant I could hold my private viewing as soon as I got off work . . .

*************************

When I got to Rachel's apartment, I wasted little time feeding the tiny shark-wannabes, and even less time retrieving the tape and sliding it into the VCR. With that done, I checked my watch to make sure I would have enough time to watch it through, kicked off my shoes, curled up on the couch, and pressed the play button.

The scene faded in from black and focused in on Becky's face. Her curly, blond hair cascaded over her shoulders: dried pearls of cum clinging here and there. Her cheeks glistened with sweat, and her blue eyes sparkled with a tired satisfaction. More dried cum coated her chin and neck.

"Beck; you sure are beautiful." Sam said.

"Thank you." she said softly.

As the shot widened out, Becky's predicament became more evident. Her wrists were bound together; and her arms were stretched above her head: held there by a rope draped over the wooden beam that spanned the room. Her feet were held wide apart by a spreader bar, and the curves of her legs were accentuated by the high-heel sandals she wore.

"Absolutely beautiful . . ."

Although there was no denying that Becky was overweight – five foot six, just under one hundred ninety pounds – there was something very sexy about her. To begin with, her breasts were large, though nicely rounded . Her areolas were silver-dollar sized, and her nipples: long, and thick. The area around her pussy-lips was clean shaven; and the dense patch of womanly curls that covered her mound, echoed the golden color of her hair. Her waist and hips reflected the excess pounds she carried; but her legs attested to her efforts in shedding the weight.

"How's that pretty ass of yours doing?" Sam asked.

"A little warm"

"Still? Mind if I give those rosy cheeks a close-up?"

"Do I have a choice?"

The camera angle swung around to offer a view of her crimson rear. It zoomed in on the thick butt-plug that filled her stretched asshole. Down to the rivulets of cum trailing from her pussy.

Unexpectedly, the scene faded to black. When the next one came up, Becky was sitting, naked, in an easy chair. She spoke: "Hi Rachel. I thought you might like to see the, ahem, 'end' result of my latest walk on the wild side. Like usual, I lost track of how many times I came, but did enjoy the feeling of helplessness, even though I knew Sam would never do anything I didn't really want him to do. Best of all, when I asked my darling if he loved me enough to trade roles some time, he agreed. So sit back and enjoy the show as I take my sweety to new heights."

Once more, the scene faded to black. When it brightened, Sam was the center of attention.

"Okay, you." she said, in a most sultry voice, "Take off your clothes."

Without saying a word, Sam leaned against the dresser, brought up his right foot, untied his shoe, removed it and his sock, then repeated with his left.

"Now your shirt." she said.

Obediently, he tugged his rust colored T from his jeans and pulled it over his head.

"Now your jeans."

Sam stared into the camera's lens as he unzipped, then opened his pants and pushed them from his hips. Slowly, they slid down his legs and puddled at his feet.

"Now your thong."

A smile crept across Sam's face. He hooked his thumbs in the thin waistband and sent them to the floor as well.

Becky took the camera in hand, and let it roam over her lover's five foot nine, one hundred eighty pound body. She lingered on his chest and shoulders before widening the view to take in his strong arms. She dallied on his trim waist. Even longer on his gorgeous cock; its delicious ten inch length hanging limp.

"Come here and lay down." she commanded.

Sam walked to the side of the bed as Becky followed his every move. "On your back. Legs spread."

"Your wish is my command."

With her lover in position, Becky set the camera on a tripod, and entered the scene. As she had been all along, she was naked. With a wicked smile, she squatted, reached under the bed, and took out the "toys" she would be using and laid them on the bed.


"Are you ready?" she asked.

He nodded.

Becky took the first ankle cuff and fastened it around Sam's right ankle. Next, she took the second cuff and fastened it around his left. Next, she fastened the spreader bar in place, holding his legs wide apart.

"Halfway there." she said.

"Okay."

The next phase went equally as smooth. With Sam laying perfectly still, Becky carefully tied his wrists to opposite corners of the headboard, then sat back and admired her work.

"Perfect!" she said with a giggle.

As if on cue, Sam began to struggle valiantly. Becky watched as his thickening cock flopped from side to side, coming to rest on his right thigh. She smiled a wicked smile, then moved from the bed and took the camera in hand.

"I hope you're ready for your closeups." she said, "Especially that gorgeous cock of yours."

The camera moved slowly over Sam's restrained body. As he had done with her, she took great pains in documenting his predicament. First, she focused on his face; then up, to his outstretched arms. She lingered, then shifted her focus: downward to his chest then stomach. She lingered once more, before moving on to his growing cock. Down to his shackled feet.

"That should do it. For now."

Becky returned the camera to the tripod, then walked seductively back to the bed. She crawled alongside him and stretched out. Her fingertips drew circles on his chest. She leaned forward and traced the curve of his jaw with her tongue. Hot kisses burned a trail across his throat.

"I've waited a long time for this." she whispered, "Your body belongs to me now. Before I'm through, that beautiful cock of yours will be crying 'No more! Please! Please let me cum!'."

Her fingers circled his cock and began a well-practiced masturbation. In no time, he began to grow hard. She giggled her delight and released her grip.

More hot kisses; this time covering his chest.

She teased his balls with a feathery touch. His cock was straining. She gave the camera a knowing wink, then leaned down and placed one light kiss on the head of his cock. She dragged her tongue down his full length.

"Don't go anywhere." she whispered, "I'll be right back."

Becky got off the bed and walked in the same seductive way, out of the camera's view. A moment later she returned and sat back down. She looked into the camera and smiled, then turned her attention back to her love. With her left hand she lifted his cock. With her right, she displayed a cock-ring. Skillfully she slipped it over him and fitted it in place. Almost instantly, his cock began to grow painfully hard.

Once more she moved from the bed and took the camera in hand. "Time for more closeups." she giggled.

Unlike before, this time she immediately focused-in on his straining cock. With cinematic excellence, she left no angle un-shot. Slowly, she widened-out, then focused in on Sam's blushing face. "What's the matter, sweetheart? Does it embarrass you to have me lavish so much attention on that gorgeous cock of yours?"

"A little."

Becky returned the camera to the tripod, then strutted back to the bed. She lay down with her head resting on Sam's thigh. She flattened her tongue against his shaft and dragged it along his full length.

Another giggle.

She looked into the camera and winked, then wet one finger and circled the head of his cock. A wicked grin, followed by a dozen or more hot kisses and warm licks to his balls.

"If I didn't know better, I'd say you're about ready to cum." she said.

Sam did not; perhaps could not, reply. Becky teased his cock with the tip of her tongue, tracing the base of its crown. "Your cock is so hot!"

"Please Becky." Sam began to beg, "I can't take this anymore."

"You sure?" she asked, as she gracefully straddled his chest.

Slowly, she leaned forward so that her breasts brushed his lips. "Kiss my nipples. Lick them."

As he had obviously done so many times before, Sam alternated between gentle kisses and light licks, quickly turning Becky's sensitive flesh hard. "Mmmmm. Yes. That feels so good."

He continued on his mission. Becky continued her encouragement.

Suddenly, without warning, she shifted her position and lowered herself onto Sam's throbbing cock. 

"You feel so good inside me." she whispered, "I could stay like this forever."

Sam raised his hips in a vain attempt to fuck his beloved. She shifted once more, pinning his thighs with her feet. A hot, wet, probing kiss diverted his attention. "No fucking." she said, "I want to enjoy having you inside me. Still."

Becky leaned all the way forward, molding her body to Sam's. She kissed, licked and nibbled his earlobe. "I want you to eat my pussy." she whispered, "I want you to make me cum. Again. And again. And again."

Sam strained to reach Becky's lips. She giggled, then stole a quick kiss of her own, before sliding herself off his cock, inching forward, and lowering her pussy to him. Eagerly, he licked and sucked on her pussy lips. His ministrations elicited a soft moan. He continued to lick . . . suck . . . tease. Becky drew a slow breath, and shuttered. Sam continued his loving assault.

"Mmm. Mmm. Mmmmmm."

The soft sounds that escaped Becky's throat told the story of her pleasure.

Once again she eased herself down his full length and molded her body to his.

"Please Becky." he whispered, "Fuck me. Let me, fuck you."

"Not yet." she whispered back, "Not yet."

With their bodies joined: melting together, she began to grind her pubes against his. Her motion was slow; almost imperceptible. She was in control of her own pleasure. His too.

Unexpectedly, she moved off his cock and left their bed.

"Beck?"

No answer. A moment later she returned. Her mouth engulfed his cock. This time it was Sam who drew a quick breath. She took his full length deep in her throat. Slowly, she began to bob up and down on his cock. Her tongue swirled over him. A moment later she released his member, clenched the ice cube she'd had in her mouth between her teeth and ran it over his throbbing cock. The last remnants melted quickly.

"Please Becky! Oh god! No more!"

"Do you want me to fuck you?" she asked.

"Yes! Please!"

In one swift motion, Becky impaled herself on his cock and began humping him wildly. As if sensing his impending orgasm, she abruptly stopped her ride.

"Oh god!!!" he cried, "Please Becky! Let me cum!"

She resumed her fast ride; abruptly stopping again.

Again. 

Again.

"Please Beck!"

Once more she dismounted her love. This time, she released the cock ring from around his shaft, and began to treat him to her best hand job ever. On the fifth stroke, he came. The first jet of cum struck his right cheek. The second: his chin. Becky quickly took him in her mouth. Spasm after spasm delivered his cum, which she eagerly swallowed . . .

*************************

Becky lay next to her lover for a long while, tracing small circles on his chest. She watched as his cock slowly came back to life.

"Are you ready to go again?" she asked.

"Untie me and let's find out."

As quickly as she could, Becky freed her lover. As soon as she released the last cuff, he grabbed her, rolled her on her back, pinned her knees to her shoulders, and entered her. They shared a long, deep kiss. Sam raised his hips, then drove them home. Again. And again. His pace quickened. He began fucking her like there was no tomorrow.

"Mmm. Mmm. Mmm."

With each stroke, Becky moaned her pleasure.

Sam continued to fuck her hard and fast.

"Yes. Yes. Yessss!" she hissed.

Suddenly, Sam moved from her. "On your knees. Cheek against the bed."

Becky quickly got on her knees. Sam moved behind her and entered her in one smooth motion, then placed his hands on her shoulders, holding her down. Becky hooked her heels around Sam's thighs pulling him deeper in. Slowly, gently he began to fuck her.

"You feel so tight." he whispered.

"Mmmmmmmmm."

The soft sound that escaped Becky's lips seemed to encourage her lover. He began to pick-up his pace, fucking her with long, smooth strokes.

"Oooooo. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm."

With each thrust, Becky moaned her approval. I could only imagine how much longer he could hold out. The wait was a short one.

"Beck! I'm going to cum!" he announced.

"Ughhhhh!" she cried.

Sam pulled from her. As he did, the first stream of cum shot down the middle of her back. The next; and the next followed in turn . . .

*************************

As that final scene faded to black, I switched off the tape, laid back on the couch, lifted my hips and shed my panties. With my skirt bunched around my waist, I let my fingers work their magic . . .