 "Well fuck you then!" I screamed, slamming the door in my now ex-boyfriend's face. A mumbled, "whatever" hung in the air as Trevor clomped down the stairs of my apartment building.

His footsteps faded and I stood at the door trembling as the anger subsided and tears welled up in my emerald green eyes. It took only a few moments to make the transition from soft sobbing to full on bawling. Trevor had hurt me in a way that I'd never experienced, he'd cheated on me. That was something that just didn't happen to Rebecca Marie Davis. 

It may seem conceited, but my perfect 36-24-36 figure and firm, full double D-cup breasts had always commanded the undivided attention of anyone I was with. From my first steady boyfriend in high school through college and into my twenties I had had my pick of men and was always the one to end the relationship. 

Beyond the pain of being unceremoniously dumped, was the added insult of his claimed reason. Trevor asserted I wasn't adventurous enough. He wasn't talking about rock climbing or skydiving either; he was talking about sex. I just didn't understand how he could say that. I had willingly indulged all of Trevor's wants, everything from role-playing and light bondage to sex in public places. He especially loved getting head in the car, and truth be told, I liked it too, the honks and hollers from passing motorists as my long auburn hair splayed in Trevor's lap always turned me on. But still it hadn't been enough for him.

As I cried myself out, I came to the realization that while the six months Trevor and I had been together had been fun; it wasn't as if he was the love of my life. No my pain and sorrow stemmed from being the one who was dumped. I actually felt a twinge of guilt at having caused this kind of pain to all those boyfriends before. 

I took only a few minutes to grasp that the easiest way to get rid of the self-pity was to go find someone to forget about it with. A quick shower rejuvenated me and, determined to make my intentions clear, I picked out one of my sexiest outfits. Black seamed stockings encased my long legs and they clipped to a lacy black garter belt. A thin wisp of satin thong covered my freshly shaved pussy, another thing I'd done for Trevor. 

I slipped into four-inch black patent leather heels before wriggling into the short, tight, black strapless dress. The strapless nature of my dress didn't really lend itself to wearing a bra, but at twenty-six, my heavy chest was still quite firm and the dress provided enough support. I fastened a simple strand of pearls around my neck, and straightened my auburn hair so it draped over my bare shoulders.

The club was just a few blocks from my apartment and, even though it was relatively early on a Thursday night, there was a large crowd drinking and dancing. I stopped by the bar and ordered a martini. It arrived with an explanation that the gentleman at the end of the bar had paid for it.

It wasn't exactly an original move but I accepted it, holding the glass up in mock toast to my benefactor. Studying him in the dim lights of the nightclub, he looked to be about thirty, well dressed with a bright smile. Picking up a stranger in a bar certainly wouldn't be the most adventurous thing I'd ever done but it was a start.

I sauntered over to the stranger and held out my hand, "Hi, I'm Becky."

A broad smile formed on his lips and he chuckled as he said, "I'm Vince."

"What's so funny, Vince?"

He looked me up and down guiltily. "Sorry it's just that you don't look like a Becky. Becky has pig tails, a flannel shirt and cut off shorts, not a slinky black designer dress."

"Fine then," I replied with mock haughtiness, "I'm Rebecca."

"Now that's better," he said taking my hand. "I'm very pleased to meet you Rebecca. What brings you out tonight?"

"I'm just out looking to have a good time. A little drinking, a little dancing, maybe a little something more," I said flirtatiously, resting a hand on his knee.

Vince leaned forward and boldly put a hand around my waist. "Why don't we get you another drink then and maybe we can find a spot and work on the other two?"

I readily agreed and Vince guided me deeper into the club, finally locating a secluded spot. We dropped our drinks at the table and moved onto the dance floor. The thumping beat resounded through us as we danced, Vince using the opportunity to clutch and grab at my nubile body. As the song ended I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him on the cheek, before striding back to out table.

Vince trailed behind me and I was certain he was enjoying the sway of my hips and wondering just how hard he was going to have to work to get me out of the dress. He slid into the booth next to me, slipping his arm around my waist and pulling me closer. I willingly melted into his embrace as my hand caressed his knee.

"So Rebecca, you said you were looking for drinking and dancing and a little more," he said. I nodded as he continued, "I was wondering just how much that 'more' would cost me."

I struggled to not choke on the sip I had just taken. 'He thinks I'm a prostitute!' The voice in my head screamed as I swallowed hard. After only a moment of panic, a thin smile formed on my lips. My hand slid further up Vince's thigh as I whispered in his ear, "That depends on how much 'more' you want."

Her turned to face me, our lips nearly touching, as he calmly and quietly said, "I want to do anything I wish to you for the rest of the night."

How was this for adventurous Trevor, I thought as I stroked Vince's cock through his pants and said, "A grand."

"That's a lot of money," he said.

"And I'm worth every penny," I said just before my lips alit on his.

Vince pressed his tongue into my mouth, kissing me hungrily as I stroked his growing cock. I moaned into his mouth when his strong hand came to rest on my chest, squeezing and rubbing my big sensitive breasts. This continued for a few minutes before I pulled away, my heart racing and my panties soaked.

"My place is just around the corner," I explained, "and a little more private."

Vince nodded in agreement and we walked out of the club and into the warm spring evening. It seemed like it took only moments to cover the few blocks. During our brief walk I learned Vince was thirty and in town on business. His hand never left my waist as we ascended the stairs to my apartment. Once inside, I locked the door behind us and offered Vince a glass of wine, which he accepted.

I was in the kitchen concentrating on uncorking the bottle and didn't notice Vince come up behind me. His light touch on my waist startled me and I let out a gasp. With a whispered apology, Vince's hands glided over my hips and up and down my torso a few times before he gently cupped my breasts. Instinctively I leaned back against him, his hard cock pressing against my shapely bottom. Moving my hips sinuously, like a stripper giving a lap dance, had the desired effect of making him even harder.

His lips settled on my bare shoulders, kissing my smooth skin. I set the bottle down and slowly turned to face Vince. Looking into his steel blue eyes and tracing the outline of his rigid cock with my fingertips, I asked sultrily, "What do you want me to do?"

Vince swallowed hard before asking, "Do you do oral?"

I smiled and kissed him tenderly as my hands fumbled with his belt and trousers. It took only a moment for his pants to hit the floor and, with my back to the kitchen cabinets, I squatted in front of him. His beautiful cock was practically bursting from his briefs and I eagerly fished it from its cotton confines. My lips went immediately to the thick bulbous head, planting a kiss on it before taking it in my mouth. Looking up at him, I slowly worked more of Vince's throbbing member into my mouth, my hand slowly stroking the exposed part of his shaft.

"Holy fuck," he moaned, when I took all of him in my mouth, lips and tongue bathing his manhood with my saliva. 

Up and down his shaft I slid my lips, my hands now fondling his tightening sac. He rested a hand on my head, probably out of habit, but was smart enough to realize I didn't need any guidance from him. Thoughts of how good it would feel to have Vince's thick cock in me made my pussy tingle and I could feel myself getting wetter. The notion that I was being paid to do this added to my arousal and made me more enthusiastic in my sucking. 

In little time Vince was thrusting his cock down my throat, effectively fucking my face. I met his pace until in due course he roared with release. Vince's thick tool pulsed his tangy issue into my mouth and I eagerly swallowed mouthful after mouthful of semen.

Spent, Vince staggered backward, coming to rest against the opposite counter. I crawled across the tile floor and licked the last few drops from his softening cock. My licks resulted in an involuntary twitch. 

"You are amazing," he said pulling me to my feet.

"Thank you," I said, melting into his embrace.

After a moment I wriggled from his grasp and poured him a glass of wine. "Have a seat and let me freshen up a bit," I said sauntering to the back of the apartment under Vince's lustful gaze. He was buckling his pants as I gave him a broad smile and a wink before closing the door to my bedroom.

My heart pounded as I unzipped the dress and tossed it in the closet. What exactly does a hooker wear for the client she picked up in the bar I wondered? As I brushed my teeth and touched up my makeup my mind raced. Did I really want to go through with this? Was he really going to pay me a thousand dollars to have sex with him? That thought surprisingly really turned me on, besides playing call girl for a night would certainly be adventurous. "Take that Trevor," I thought to myself.

Mind made up, I decided to wear the black garter, stockings and thong I already had on. Quickly locating a black satin push-up bra, I snuggled my heavy chest into it. Throwing a sheer black baby-doll over my ensemble and stepping into even taller black high heels, I was ready to go earn my money.

As I opened the door, Vince turned and looked at me. He smiled broadly as I walked confidently to him. His arm went around my waist, a hand drifting to caress my bottom as I kissed him tenderly on the mouth. Putting the wine down his other hand stroked my face as our tongues flitted inside each other's mouths.

I was delighted to feel his hard cock pressed against me through his pants and my filmy lingerie. I again felt an incredible surge of arousal knowing that this complete stranger was paying me for what I would have willing done for free. 

"The envelope is on the kitchen counter," he said during a brief pause in our passionate kissing.

"Thank you," I said settling onto the sofa and pulling him with me. For a moment I wondered if I was supposed to go take the money and count it, but Vince's lips meeting mine ended any thoughts of doing so.

As my client, that was both a strange and arousing thought, kissed me, I undressed him, scattering his expensive suit across my living room until he hovered above me in just his tight briefs. His head dipped into my cleavage, tongue licking the deep valley of flesh, as my hand slid down his tight stomach and into his underwear, grasping his thick hard cock.

My hand rubbed up and down his shaft as his fingers made a lazy trail up my thigh, thankfully coming to rest on my satin-covered mound. I was already soaked and when Vince pulled aside the thong and slid two fingers in me I came with a scream.

"You don't need to embellish on my account," he said with a smile, looking up from my breasts.

"Oh baby, I'm not," I assured him, grasping his hand and guiding his pace as he finger-fucked me. 

Two more orgasms later, I guided him off me and took his wet fingers into my mouth. 'How's that for adventurous,' I thought to myself as I sucked my juices from Vince's fingers. I started kissing him on the lips and soon had worked my way down to his cock. I licked the broad purple head before slathering the entire length with licks and kisses.

He let me do this for a few minutes before gently guiding my attentions back up his body. When our eyes met he said throatily, "I want you."

I nodded and stood, clasping his hand and pulling him to the bedroom. My heart was pounding as I pushed him onto the bed and pulled off his last stitch of clothes. Lying on the bed next Vince, my fingernails slid teasingly up and down his swollen shaft as I asked, "How do you want me?"

Without a word he pulled me on top of him and pushed me back until I was straddling him, his cock rubbing against my soaked satin panties. I sat there for a few moments, gently rocking back and forth as Vince pulled the sheer black lingerie over my head and cast it aside. He sat up, burying his face in my cleavage, as his fingers deftly unhooked my bra. Pulling the black satin aside, Vince descended on my bare breasts; kissing and licking and nipping at them and my swollen nipples until I thought I would come.

"Put it in," he growled.

I reached between us, pulled aside my thong and slowly feed Vince's thick, hard cock into my slick, wet pussy. When he was completely inside me, Vince laid back on the bed, hands resting on my hips as he moaned, "Come on baby, ride it."

It was complete heaven as I slid up and down his fat shaft, leaning forward to let him capture my stiff nipples between his teeth one moment, leaning back to massage his heavy balls the next. We settled into an easy rhythm and I found myself building slowly to an incredible release. Vince pawed at my heavy chest and I could tell from his breathing that his pleasure was building as well.

Leaning forward, I kissed him hungrily before whispering in his ear, "I want to feel you come inside me."

Vince grinned and, gripping me tightly, rolled me onto my back. In a flash my legs were over my head and he was plunging deep inside me. I clutched Vince's tight ass as his pace quickened along with his breathing until he gasped, his cock pulsing its thick warm liquid into me. Vince released my legs and I wrapped them around him, holding him inside me until I was sure he was finished. He kissed me tenderly as he slid off me and collapsed onto the bed. 

"Let me get something to clean you up with," I purred as I got off the bed and sauntered to the bathroom. 

Vince's semen trickled down my thigh as I ran a couple of washcloths under hot water. I cleaned my dripping sex and headed into the bedroom to wipe Vince off. He let out a soft sigh as I worked the warm cloth around his thick penis and heavy balls. Finished I crawled back into bed and snuggled next to Vince.

"You were right," he said, his hand stroking my shoulder.

"About what?"

"You are worth every single penny," he said with a smile before kissing me hungrily.

I shifted closer and his hand sought out my chest as mine gripped his thick cock. To my delight it was only a few minutes before I felt Vince begin to stiffen. Our kissing and groping continued until he was atop me again and I felt the broad head of his cock nudge at the swollen lips of my excited sex. As if with a mind of their own, my legs spread wide and Vince slipped inside me.

With a strange combination of force and tenderness, the man I had picked up in a bar and charged a thousand dollars was fucking me. The look in his eyes was one of pure lust and to my dismay he pulled out of me. He must have seen the disappointment on my face because Vince reassured me that he wasn't done as he turned me over and pulled me to my hands and knees.

I pressed against him, nestling his cock between my firm ass cheeks for a moment before he slid back inside me. Meeting his thrusts, we once again settled into a steady pace that had my heavy chest quivering each time he slapped his hips against my bottom. 

Between my moans of pleasure, my thoughts drifted to the pitfalls of my actions. What if Vince wanted to see me again? Could I, or even should I, keep up the pretense of being a professional? Other thoughts swirled, the incredible pleasure emanating from between my thighs keeping them from forming coherently. 

Vince's thrusts were becoming more insistent and I reached back to massage his tightening sac. "You gonna come in my pussy again?" I asked in my sexiest voice.

I was dismayed to feel the emptiness as he pulled out of me. "No, I want to come on your pretty face," he gasped, sliding up the bed, cock in hand.

My hand replaced his and I stroked him furiously as his talented fingers worked in and out of my sopping sex. Vince's thumb glided across my hard clit and I came just as his cock erupted. Thick gobs of semen splashed across my cheeks and nose as I milked every drop from him, the last falling on my outstretched tongue before he collapsed onto the sheets next to me.

Again I excused myself and cleaned up in the bathroom. When I returned, satin robe belted around my waist, Vince was already dressed. He walked around the bed and embraced me in his strong arms, the smell of our arousal still thick in the air.

"Thank you for an incredible evening, Rebecca," he said, his hand roaming over my satin-covered body.

"You don't have to go."

"Oh but I do," he replied. "I have a very early business meeting and if I stay here with you, I won't get a lick of sleep."

I walked Vince to the door and just as he was about to leave he turned to me.

"Rebecca I had a really great time and I'm sure someone as talented as you doesn't have any last minute openings," he began, "but if you're available I'd like you to accompany me to a black tie fundraiser tomorrow evening and spend the night with me at my place."

This was the moment. Was I going to tell the man who'd just paid a thousand dollars to have sex with me that I wasn't a hooker, call girl, whatever? Could I come up with some excuse, another client perhaps? Would I take his money and keep up the charade? Maybe it was the endorphins still coursing through me but whatever the reason I agreed to be his date for the evening. We exchanged phone numbers and emails and Vince told me he'd contact me with the details.

With a light peck on the cheek he was out the door and I was left to contemplate what I had gotten myself into. It was then that I spied the envelope sitting on the counter and pulled out the stack of bills. Was it really that easy to make a thousand dollars I wondered aloud. It was more than I made in a week at my regular job with the law firm, and pushing papers as a paralegal wasn't nearly as fun.

I spent the next couple of hours doing research on the Internet. It seemed most high-end escorts had private, password-protected websites and it took barely half an hour for me to set one up for myself. I kept telling myself this was just to keep up the ruse for Vince, but somehow that just didn't ring entirely true. The process had left me trembling with excitement and it was another hour before I finally drifted off to sleep.