 It started in a hotel. Not a posh hotel - standard, three stars, with identical rooms and a motorway slightly too close by. 

After months of messages back and forth, we hadn't even shared photos of ourselves with one another. And yet here I was, naked except for a bath room, holding my cock in one hand, opening the door to her. A complete stranger. 

She had knocked quietly. Softly. Nervously. I'd turned out most of the lights in the room, leaving one small reading light. I opened the door slowly, revealing the silhouette of Becky. 

I grabbed her hand, pulled her into the room, and - as agreed - pushed down on her shoulders and felt her body willingly fall to its knees. Before I'd even had a chance to welcome her or survey her body, she was on her knees and my cock was sliding deeper and deeper into her mouth. 

I felt my cock bob against the back of her throat and she gagged, saliva escaping from the corner of her mouth. I wrapped my hands through her hair, let out a growl, and began fucking her face. 

She wrapped her hands around my ass, gripping tight as I used her face, fucking harder and deeper as her saliva continued to seep from her mouth, across my halls and drip onto the floor. In the dark I could see the mascara running down her face, but just the thought drove me closer. 

After months of waiting I wanted every hole at once.

I pulled her to her feet, my cock now dripping in saliva. Her face and hair a mess from the oral. Her breathing fast and heavy. 

She had a long flowing dress on, a bra and no knickers. I don't remember taking any of her clothing off, but in seconds she was naked on the bed, on her back. Legs spread. Her shaved pussy glistening. Two large, round tits rose and fell with her breathing on her curvy frame. Long brown hair and dark brown eyes stared up at me. Her chin wet from our first interaction. 

We both knew what was coming next. I tore open the silver packet and rolled a condom along the length of my cock, stroking it as she watched fixated. 

I crawled up the bed, grabbed her legs and pulled her to me. She yelped. I pushed a thumb into her mouth and watched her suck it like a mini cock, moaning around it. The thumb was a distraction that didn't last long. Her mouth opened wide an direction squeal as she felt inch after inch sliding into her cheating pussy. What would her boyfriend think if he saw lying on her back, legs spread, inviting a stranger to use her needy cunt?

The rhythm built quickly. The slap of balls against her thighs getting louder as I bit down on her neck and nibbled her ear lobe. Her hands clawed at my back, nails dragging lower until they were grabbing my ass, pulling me deeper. 

We both knew what a nasty, cheating slut she was but every time I told her it still made her squeal and moan louder.

I knew I wouldn't last long going at this pace so slower the rhythm, grinding against her. We kissed for the first time and I pinned her hands above her head, biting her lip. 

I had moments left until I needed to blow my first load. I was doing everything to hold back the wave of cum. 

I pulled out and flipped her over. She lay on the bed, head down and ass up waiting for it. Her asshole winked at me as I lined my cock up with her dripping wet pussy and I knew round two would be even better. 

I drove my cock home doggystyle, not stopping until the full length was buried inside her. I held it there, feeling her pussy quiver around it as she squealed and groaned. With one hand holding her body against my cock, the other was free to punish her. With every spark her yelps got louder and her ass turned a deep red. Her pussy tightened, milking my cock. 

It was time to give this slut the cum she'd been asking for. With both hands on her hips I began the final push over the top, ravaging her cunt as hard and as fast as I could. Her whole body shifted with every thrust, her sounds louder and louder, desperate and animalistic as she struggled to refill her lungs to scream her appreciation for the fucking. 

Her face was now buried in the pillows, her hands gripping the sheets as she gave in and let me use her. 

The room was filled with her screams and the sound of my cock slapping deeper and deeper into her. 

This was it. I grabbed her hair as I felt the familiar surge within. My cock swelled. I heard my voice roar as my cum began it's final journey. 

Just before I exploded, I pulled my cock out, ripped the condom off and pulled her face round by the hair. Just in time for the first line of cum to strike her cheek and nose. As the second spurt arrived she was ready, mouth open and waiting. It landed across her eyes, trailing down to her willing mouth. She lower her head, enveloping my cock in her warm mouth and sucking every drop. 

She didn't let go until she felt my cock soften. 

Becky fell back onto the bed, my cum glistening as it settled on her face. We still hadn't introduced ourselves to each other. We'd fucked without even saying hello. 

'Hi. I'm Becky from the internet'