 This is fictitious, and all characters are over 18, l am male and have written this as a female. I hope I get everything right. It is a continuation of my story. "Obsession of a Dirty Old man".

*****

I was so excited at having a date with the old man from the bus stop.

I'm Becky and I'm just eighteen years old, I live on a council estate in the North of England and I'm a little bit naughty when it comes to my sexual experiences.

I thought I would share some of them with you. This is my first attempt at writing so be nice.

I get super horny sometimes and just have to fulfil the urge or it won't go away. It was Saturday the day of my "date" with Eric I woke up aching for sex. It had been a week since my period, so I didn't get any then, another week had passed by and still I had not had a fix. That morning it must have all come back to me at once. From the minute I woke up I was thinking about big hard dicks. I had put my hands straight down my pj bottoms and started fingering myself. I was getting a moan but not enough to cum, and believe me I needed to cum, the warmth coming from my pussy was red hot. I was banging my fingers up as much as I could to get off but this day it wasn't enough. I needed that feeling of a bell end opening my lips and rushing up my cunt and being able to feel the tip of a dick I had agreed to meet Eric at the bus stop. I know he is a dirty old man he liked younger women. I remembered a friend of my mum's saying in the pub that he used to be good looking and his cock was huge. As soon as that thought entered my head i knew he would be an easy person to get to fuck me, because he's a dirty old pervert.

Disgusting, really, but I needed to find a fuck And I knew he would go for anything with a young girl like me. We had met at the bus stop, I had noticed him looking at my panties if I bent forward. We had arranged to meet on Saturday a sort of a date So I got dressed in some hello kitty panties, then some tracksuit bottoms, a grey and pink sports type bra then a matching tracksuit top.

I walked to the bus stop, it was 10 am we had arranged to meet at 10.30am I could feel I was wet without even touching, the urge to fuck was huge. I felt so horny I would have had sex with anybody. The butterflies in my stomach were a sign that I was a quite scared.

As I stood on the pavement outside our front door. I reached inside my panties and gave my pussy a little feel. I had tightened up from the lack of sex, but I was wet as I had been in a long time. I ran my finger between my lips from the back to the front and up my clit. As it slid over my clit, covered in the hot wetness, my stomach buckled and it felt nice. At that point, it was too much, I needed to be fucked and right now!

I knew where Eric lived it was in the next street so turned around and walked to his house. I knocked on his door, and as I waited for him to come to the door I panicked and didn't know what to say. The door swung open and there he was, ready for our "date", in grey trousers with a burgundy coloured top. He looked quite smart and smelt erotic My brain was telling me to just run off but my pussy was telling me other things and the pussy was winning easily.

"I thought you may have forgotten our date?" I said in a silent stuttering manner.

"Oh no, I am looking forward to it" he replied. 

"I just need to change my shoes. Come on in," he said

So, I walked into the flat. It was neat and tidy and smelt fresh I had to figure

out how I could get what I wanted from this man and as quick as possible. I bent right down to fasten my shoelace. I could feel his eyes right on my ass as I did it, my panties were poking out the top of my tracksuit bottoms. I wished he would just yank them down and get to business but I think he thought I would cry rape. If only he knew. 

"You look very nice," He said to me. We had five minutes of small talk then I landed him with this: "My mum's mate said you have got a big dick?

"After laughing a while, he said, "Well I am quite big actually, but I don't get to use it much."

"Aww that's too bad," I said.

"Do you want to see it?" he asked.

"Really? Course I do," I said.

"Well if you let me see a bit of you as well, I'll show it to you."

His mood had changed from apologetic to seedy because the penny had dropped that I was a dirty girl and had come looking for an easy fuck.

"What do you wanna see?" I asked

" Well Becky, I wanna see your legs, tits, ass, oh and definitely your cunt,"

I walked over to him and pulled out my tracksuit bottoms and panties so he could look down the front of my pussy. 

"Jesus Christ, that is some fucking sight. How old are you Becky?"

"Just eighteen."

"God damn, you got to be the youngest I've ever seen. Pull them down for me."

I pulled my bottoms to the knees in front of him and he got close up, looking at my naked pussy.

"Now let me see yours," I said.

"Okay." He stood up and opened his fly and unbuttoned his trouser. then his dick flopped out.

"What!! Oh my, God, you are huge!"

"I know, I told you, but you already knew that, didn't you? Wanna get me

hard Becky?"

"God yes" The size of this dick in front of me was the fattest, longest piece of a dick I had ever seen. The veins looked like they would explode on erection and I couldn't wait for it to be pumped full of blood and ready to fuck.

"Spread your legs for me, Becky, let me see you properly."

I took off my bottoms and stood with my legs apart while he looked up from underneath, his eyes staring at my naked bottom half.

"You're fucking wet, aren't you Becky? You're wet for me," he said.

What is going on, he thought to himself. He couldn't believe what was happening. Having this eighteen-year-old girl with her pussy out in full view in his front room. It must have been a dream come true for him.

He was sat on the sofa with me stood in front of him. My legs were open and covered in goose bumps, over excited. He reached forward and touched the inside of my thigh at the very top, he had big hands that almost wrapped all the way around my upper thigh. He told me to turn around so my bum was facing him and he was looking at my pussy from behind. I looked down and could see his fingers curling around my leg and disappearing under my pussy, then I felt a pull on my left pussy lip and it was him opening me up. He was rubbing underneath and spreading me open with his hand then his other hand joined in and within seconds, he was rubbing me harder and harder. My knees started to weaken, he knew what this was doing to me. I was holding back a moan because I didn't want him to think I could be made to cum so easy, but the fact was my pussy was raging and I couldn't hold it anymore. 

I was coming so hard if felt like I was going to gush. I felt his rough tongue bury itself inside my little hole and his lips sucking on my tiny little pea like clit. I couldn't stand it anymore, it was time to just let it happen. I felt a pulse in my pussy like never before from him biting my clit. This sent waves up through my stomach and into my tits. I was holding my boobs and my stomach was shaking. My legs lost all power and I managed to say just one thing:

"Oh fuck!"

My pussy pulsated and contracted at the same time and I felt my cunt suddenly get really hot and sticky, my knees gave way and he held me back up to his face pushing me into his mouth, he yanked at me to pull me closer in.

"Cum!!" I heard him say.

At that point my orgasm took over, my pussy was contracting over and over. I couldn't stop it sending ripples up my stomach. He let me go and I stumbled forward slightly then hit the floor on my knee. My pussy was up in the air, still squirming in and out as the pulses shot to my boobs and around my body. I was shaking slightly, I could see him looking at my pussy as it was still contracting in and out as I lay on the floor.

While there I looked at him and his dick was out, now fully pumped with blood.

I was panting and breathing deeply as a lay there letting the orgasm rush over me it was the most intense orgasm I had ever had, I was weak rom my boobs down to my feet, my nipples were trying their hardest to force themselves out of my small b cup tits, they were hard as stones. I tried to stand but was too weak at that moment.

"Stay there Becky enjoy it," he said while looking straight at my over excited little hole

"You came well then didn't you"?

Still panting I lay on the floor with my naked bottom half and pussy still on show, I managed a moan of "Yes Oh god wow"

"Come here Becky"

I spun around on my knees and started crawling over to him in his seat. My bra and top were pushed over my boobs from me rubbing them when he was tonguing my pussy.

"Let us have a look at them tits"

As I get closer to him he stands up in front of his chair, I expect his dick to flop down but it doesn't, it sticks up as rigid and solid as it could possibly get. I look up at the underneath of his shaft. I see the big pulsing sperm tube looking ready to a big surge of hot cum where ever he wanted it to go.

As I start to stand up I get goose bumps all over my legs and up to my stomach. then over my tits, I rub my pussy as this happens and I nearly cum again, it was looking at his cock that made me overcome with excitement, plus the tonguing my unused little tight pussy had just experienced had sent my sex drive through the roof. He sees how weak I am and how just standing up made me nearly cum again,

"Let me have a look at your tits then Becky".

I start to take my top over my head and my stomach buckles and legs shake and give way slightly.

"Oh shit". I say after another wave of pleasure came over me, I couldn't calm down from the intense orgasm I had just had, my body was all over the place.

"You're going to have to do it."

He walked over to me. I was now on my knees a few steps in front of his chair. He lifted my top over my head and as he did this I felt the red hot wet tip of his huge cock hit me in the chest and as he pulled off my top there it was right in my face, it had to be over 10 inches and for me at the time, it was way bigger than anything I had before, the others were boy penises this was a mans and I loved seeing it, seeing how big and bulging it was.

Then the smell of it, wow it smelt like dirty, raw, nasty, sex and that is exactly what my tiny little pink pussy wanted, I wanted to be made to cum more than I just had five minutes before. Soon as I took that first smell of his dick that was enough for me I bent forward and licked his throbbing dick end and got a taste of what I wanted. The taste just made me even hornier so I started to suck him every so often he would get excited and start to fuck my mouth but it was way too small and I would gag and spit back down his shaft. Then he pulled out his dick and all the slimy saliva was dripping off his balls and down onto my tits, it was everywhere.

"You need to stop Becky, fucking hell, I'm gonna cum if you carry on and I'm not done with you yet. Stand up let me look at you."

I'm able to stand up now after been on my knees sucking his dick for a while, he pulls my bra off over my head so now I'm stood with just my tracksuit bottoms and panties around my ankles and nothing on top, my little tits are forcing themselves outwards, he comes towards me and take my tits in his huge hands and puts his mouth right around one of my nipples and starts to lick and suck on it.

"Fuck me. that's like a little stone Becky it's solid!"

"I'm just so...oh god!!" As I talk I start to feel an orgasm building again just from how aggressively he is sucking my tits 

"So fucking turned on...oh shit, keep going." I manage to get the words out as he roughly devours my tiny little boobs his mouth taking one little tit into his mouth at a time and swirling his tongue around my hard nipples spitting on them trying to soften them up. I have my legs together at this moment just feeling turned on by my boobs. Then if that wasn't enough I feel his hand coming up my knee to my thigh then forcing its way through my clamped legs.

As I released them my pussy was spreading open the more his hand moved my legs apart then his finger stroked down my bum hole over my pussy hole through my small little lips and up my clit, it so tiny, the palm of his hand could be on my pussy and I swear he could get a full finger up my bum if he wanted without reaching around, it felt massive.

I felt that he was getting ready to do it as he was stroking my pussy lips apart and teasing me open feeling if I was wide enough for him. I was stood up while he was back in the chair at this point. He was more like inspecting my pussy with his fingers and I had my head over his shoulder looking down his back nearly coming every time he messed around inside my little hole with those big finger, hen he started to rub me really hard on the clit and this obviously sent me crazy I was moaning like a lunatic into his shoulder and biting it.

"Oh fuck"

"Your gonna make me cum"

"Keep doing it"

"Yes Becky cum, cum again, I'm gonna fuck you, Becky, let yourself cum, I'm gonna fuck you".

Just as the orgasm was building to the point I was going to explode again I felt my pussy hole stretch wider, it was his other finger and out of nowhere he spun me around, stood up pushed me over at the waist, all in one quick movement pulled my bum cheeks apart and stuck the full length of his huge throbbing vein pumping dick right up my orgasming pussy pipe and Jesus Christ I felt it.

It felt like my pussy was going to chop his dick off, the tightness was unreal and with every thrust, his dick was pushing my small little lips up inside. I could feel every ridge of his shaft all around my pussy as it rushed in and out sucking like a vacuum on the way out. Deeper inside it was his helmet doing the work, it was like having an apple thrashing through your pussy passage but god was it hitting the right places it must have been hitting my cervix when it was at its deepest point then on the way out gliding over my g spot and making me get weaker and weaker every time.

"Your little cunt feels so fucking tight," he said just before sending another thrust deep into me 

"Can you feel me, Becky"

"Can you feel my fucking dick?"

"Aghhh, feel it, Becky, fucking take it." He was saying over and over.

I was so overcome with how much I was orgasming I couldn't really respond, I would try and he would thrust again and it made whatever I was trying to say turn into a deep moan, a scream or just a leg quivering deep orgasm, they were coming. every few strokes and my pussy and his dick were squelching in all the mess that was my cum, he kept pulling his dick all the way out to let my cum drip out and when he did I could feel how wide my hole felt, then he would slam it back in and we would start again. Then he bent over to my ear and asked me where he could cum, I couldn't talk properly but I managed to moan to him

"Anywhere"

This sent him into overdrive he squeezed my hips so tight his fingers were nearly touching my pussy, my small frame in his hands must have felt really small to him, he was ramming me onto his dick as hard as he could, nearly tearing me with every aggressive pump of my little hole, his pace got faster and more frantic he wanted to cum now and was trying with all his power to make himself shoot off his hot spunk, he was groaning and mumbling my name,

"Cum in me if you..."

Then I felt a sudden jolt on his cock inside my pussy, he pulled me back onto his dick as hard as he could forcing, everything he had as deep as it would go, my hips were hurting he was squeezing and pulling me onto that dick so hard. He was going cum I could tell; his legs were shaking from been on his tiptoes pushing deeper. Then just as I thought his thrashing at my pussy started to slow,

"I'm gonna fill you up, Becky." 

"You get ready."

I wanted to feel his spunk up my pussy so bad his dirty dick had mashed my insides for long enough I needed that cum up me so I could enjoy the orgasm was going to get from it.

"Oh god, just cum." I managed to whimper, and at that point he grunted and groaned and sped up the thrusting again until he let out one big groan and forced that dick as deep up my now wide open little pussy as he could and started to cum he was so deep I could feel the jets of hot cum bursting out of the end of his dick and filling my small hole straight away. I could feel it running down his shaft and mixing with all the sticky mess that was already covering him.

Straight away the squelching noises started his dick was still pumping the last few drops out and this dirty old man spunk. His dick finally softened and fell out of me, the mess it left behind was like a hot sticky pot of sex that oozed out while I stood there shaking trying to pull my panties up, I had been fucked so much my pussy felt wide open I gave my thighs a wipe to clean all the cum from them, It was mostly my cum, his was buried deep inside me, then the realisation of who I had just fucked hit me and after that fucking it had killed off how horny I was for a while, until next time of course.

I would need Eric's cock again soon, and we had forgotten all about our "date" and I was going to tell my Mum Maria that her friend Doreen was right. He did have a big cock.

*****

Let me know if you like the story, would you like to fuck Becky? Thanks for reading, please leave a comment so I know.