 There have been times that I've thought I was having a bad day, only to look back and realize it was in fact one of the best. This is about one of those days.

I'd been fixing up the beach house for a year. Mostly weekend work with occasional longer blocks of time when I felt like a break from Manhattan. There was no rush to finish, it was a labor of love.

Towards the end of that first summer I met Becky for the first time. I'd seen her running on the beach on several occasions and we'd exchanged smiles when we'd passed each other but never words.

We eventually met at a local coffee shop. Filled with the summer crowd it was a grab whichever seat you could find kind of situation. She asked if she could take the vacant seat at my table. She set her coffee and croissant down as I nodded with a smile and a hand gesture. As soon as my mouth was empty we exchanged introductions.

She wasn't local but her parents were during the summer months. She lived in Vermont. Just visiting for a week. The coincidence was that her folks lived three doors from me and had owned the place since before Becky was born. Her Dad was retired from the financial sector. They split their time between Florida and the Jersey shore.

I invited Becky to look around my place and she popped over later that morning. On that occasion I learned very little about her but I was certainly left with a favorable impression. She was pleasant, lovely smile with sparkling eyes and great teeth that appeared behind a pair of very shapely lips. Overall she was highly fuckable. Thirty or so I figured. Her longish brunette hair was clipped and bunched behind her head. Her tits sat high, great shape even though flattened by what must have been a sports bra, great ass, longish legs, all easily ascertained even in sneakers and sweats. Her ass cheeks were full and firm, floating in a solid kind of way as she moved. Uninterrupted by a panty line.

Beyond this I learned that she was an artist of sorts, she had a studio and a husband. The mention of the husband seemed something of an afterthought and I detected a slight shake of her head as if she was reminding herself not to talk about him. She wasn't wearing a wedding ring. Her work seemed more important than him but that was of little consequence at the time.

We left the visit with the exchange of cards and her promise to send me some pictures of her work along with a second promise that we'd see each other again when she next visited. She drove back to Vermont that afternoon. Our only physical contact was a hand shake.

Fast forward five months.

Driving South from Manhattan on a Friday evening can be brutal in summer. In the middle of January it should have been a much easier ride. The shore towns are largely deserted in the winter months. Many of them are winterized and shuttered completely. It makes for a peaceful time to work and relax if you can get by with your own company.

I'd intended to get out of the office early on the Friday in question. One thing led to another and it was 8 p.m. before I called the garage to bring the car up. The plan for the weekend was to refinish a couple of hardwood floors. The rain was lashing down as I left the city. The roads were flooded, there were accidents all over the place and as I crawled down the Parkway the weather only worsened.

At one point I needed to slam on the brakes to avoid rear-ending another vehicle. My briefcase caught the worst of it and its contents spilled on to the passenger side floor well. The polishing machine crashed firmly into the back of my seat but no harm was done.

Arriving at nearly 11pm, the rain falling more heavily than ever, the small streets were flooded, the wind was howling and the town was, for all practical purposes, in darkness.

I parked the car. I closed the driver's door, opened the rear door, clicked the remote to lock all the doors and grabbed some bags from the back seat. Exactly how it happened I'm not sure but in figuring out which bags I could manage or would best leave for the next morning, I dropped the keys on the seat. As I kicked the car door closed I knew what I'd done.

Stranded in the street, getting soaked to the skin, I called myself a stupid dumb fuck and walked to the porch, getting wetter with every step. I set the bags down and took off my wet jacket, I hung it on the door that I couldn't open.

Three doors down from me, the only house on the street with any sign of life was Becky's parents place. A white Escalade was parked outside and there was a single lamp illuminated on the porch. Hope was in sight!

I walked back to the street and made my way briskly to their porch. There was no way to avoid the puddles, my clothes and shoes were soaked, as was I. My hair was matted to my head, the wind was freezing. If there was no one home I had the choice of breaking my car window or a house window. 

I rang the doorbell and waited. I rang it again. A faint light appeared, I heard footsteps, a face appeared in the frosted glass of the door, a sleepy and somewhat timid female voice called "who is it?"

"Hi Becky, sorry to disturb you, it's me, Ben, from three doors down, I'm locked out of my house, I've locked the damn keys in...." the front door opened, she smiled at me "the car."

She smiled again, "Come in, come in, how are you, nice to see you again, oh my goodness, look at you, you're dripping wet. Let me get some towels, get out of those wet things."

Becky was very hospitable. 

She wore a pink silk robe and huge fluffy slippers in the form of baby seals. She looked as if she'd been sleeping but perhaps not too deeply.

"I am so glad you're here." I spoke as she returned with towels.

"I shouldn't be. I'm on the way up from Florida, I just couldn't drive any further in this weather."

"Well, you're an angel."

"I'm pleased to be of service. We must be the only two people in town tonight. I'm glad of some company."

"Alone in town. What a brave woman you are. Hope I didn't wake you."

She laughed "not so brave and no, you didn't wake me, I was watching a movie in bed."

"Well Becky, of all the people that could have saved me, I'm delighted it's you."

"Me too, I'm thrilled to see you again." She could have used the word 'pleased' or 'happy'. It registered anyway. Maybe she was just enthusiastic about having some company in the storm.

In minutes I was wrapped in two towels and rubbing a third through my hair. My wet clothes were in a small pile by the front door.

"How about some hot chocolate?"

"That sounds good."

She put the milk on and skipped off towards the stairs, returning soon after with a blue terri bathrobe.

"Here, put this on, it's one of Dad's."

"Thank-you." I handed her two towels as she handed the robe to me. I put it on and dropped the third towel. She bent to pick it up, scooped it into her arms and piled the three of them on the kitchen table. If she'd stayed exactly where she'd bent to for the towel, it would have been a very simple move for Becky to suck my cock, she didn't though.

She fixed the drinks as we chatted about the storm, the roads, Florida and my weekend plans. 

Setting my mug down she held her own between her hands as she leaned forward on a kitchen stool, facing me as we conversed. Her robe fell forward as she blew the steam across the brim of her mug. I noticed the top surface of what appeared to be a pair of deliciously smooth skinned breasts.

Her scream pierced the air as the lights went out. "Oh my God, what the fuck....."

I laughed, she laughed.

"That's all we need Ben."

"Hmm, maybe it is, here let me take your drink." I slowly reached forward, found her wrists and gently lifted her mug away from her and set it on the table.

"Let me get the candles, Mom keeps a drawer full of them."

I'd found that power outages were a common problem. One of my first investments for the shore house was a back-up generator and I figured Becky's Dad probably had one too. I wasn't about to go looking for it.

Becky lit and arranged some candles and the mood became perfectly romantic. I'm sure the seduction had begun but I couldn't be sure who was leading the way. 

Becky's cleavage became more apparent as we chatted, as did her thighs. She laughed easily and leaned back as she did. Leaning forward to touch my arm or hand, occasionally a shoulder. Crossing and uncrossing her legs had her silk robe flopping from side to side, flashing uncovered thighs momentarily only for her to flip her robe back. After a while she didn't bother. Nor did I. The flirtation of the mating dance was well underway.

I already knew she was gorgeous but being with her in these circumstances seemed to make me know her better than any other circumstances could have done. This was a fine example of how bad days can become good ones. 

The conversation moved from the friendly comfort of current events to a deeper more personal touching on our individual lives. Mine about the business, the house, life in Manhattan, friends I know. Her's about her work, her husband briefly but enough to let me know that she hadn't had sex for three months. 

She touched on the things she likes to do including skiing, volunteer work and commonly, our love of the ocean and places we'd both visited.

"What will you do about your keys?" She finally asked.

"I'll call somebody tomorrow if you could put me up for the night?"

She looked at me long and hard. Her gaze seemed serious for a while. Then it softened as she leaned forward. Her hands resting on my thighs, her face still moving forwards. Her cheek came to mine and her lips touched my ear as she whispered "I'd love to put you up for the night."

It was my turn to whisper as my arms came around her "that would make you the perfect hostess."

"I aim to please" she whispered "but Ben, it's been a long time for me."

"Yes, you mentioned three months."

"Yes, three months since I had sex, three years since good sex."

"I see, perhaps we'll be able to fix that."

"I think so too. I need some sex."

"That's it? Just sex?" There was a smile in my voice.

Our hands roamed all over one another, her tits pressed against me and my cock grew as the conversation flowed.

"Not just sex, I need you to really, really, fuck me."

"Me or anybody?"

"You, especially you." 

"Good, I like it when you make it personal."

"Well, there's nobody else in town." There was a faint chuckle in her voice she surely perceived my return smile.

My face grazed hers slowly and gently as our lips searched for one another's. The kiss was incredibly soft at first, delicate exploration and then deeper and more hungry.

She sighed and stood as our kiss broke. I picked up a candle. Becky took my hand and led me upstairs.

I set the candle down on the night stand. Becky kicked off her slippers, dropped her robe and came to me. 

The image is still fresh. The curves the hips, the breasts. Perfect flesh on a perfect frame. A sensuous silhouette. Her hands came to the lapels of her father's robe. They slipped inside and pressed against my chest before sliding it off my shoulders. It fell to the floor easily as the loosely knotted chord undid itself.

My cock stiffened as we began a vertical exploration. By the time she was tight to me, I was upright and hard between us.

From kissing to flesh finding fingering I hardened more and twitched as her sex heated and dampened.

We paused to breathe, she shook the hair from her face and she blew at loose strands through pursed lips. 

She leaned into my chest and pulled on my hips as she teased my left nipple with her tongue and teeth. Her hand came from my hip, grazed my cock and cupped my balls. I walked forwards, pushing her towards the bed. She leaned back as I held her hand. She scooted backwards as I clambered alongside her and rolled us together.

She grappled and wrestled with me until I let her intentions be revealed. She flattened me to the bed and swooped to suck on my cock. I let her take her fill for a few minutes and she did so enthusiastically. Taking more and more of me into her mouth as her sucking filled it with saliva.

I tapped Becky's shoulder and had her maneuver her sex to my face. We settled into a comfortably slow sixty-nine. Becky's hairless cunt was swelling and dripping as her body responded beautifully to oral ministry. 

I teased and sucked on her clit with fingers spread and clutching to the gorgeous flesh of her ass as she took my cock to her throat. I probed and circled inside her as she settled into suckling softly on my cock-head and permitted her pussy to focus on my face. 

"Fuck me Ben." She sounded almost desperate.

"Are you begging for it yet?"

"Yesss, I'm begging you Ben."

"Is Becky begging to be banged?"

"Yes." She slipped off my cock giving me a clear sense that she was through with conversation. She moved towards the foot of the bed. She gripped the bed rail as I moved to kneel behind her. 

My cock slipped inside her wet warm and welcoming sheath very gently and Becky steadied herself to greet it's arrival with a squealing release of increasing pleasure. Her legs opened wider as my knees settled between hers and I took hold of her hips. I slid fully home and paused. 

We felt our way through a slow easy walk, a faster canter and on to a pounding gallop. Each time Becky pushed back against me the signs were clear that she wanted her fuck to be harder and deeper. As I drove her forward the volume of her screams increased. She took herself to the edge of my cock, prolonging her own pause on the precipice of pleasure. Coming back to me in waves until finally I knew she was there to stay and her orgasm was there to be had.

The last blurs were a hammering, squelching, festival of frenzied fucking. My pubic bone crashed against her ass and my balls slapped harder against her clit with each thrust we made in each others' direction. Becky's screams raised the roof and this was all it took to induce my cock to begin its cum splattering saturation of her sex. 

I moved my hands from Becky's hips. They joined hers on the bed rail and I leaned over her. Something tender like a kiss felt appropriate and in spite of the cramp that was gripping my right hamstring, a kiss was managed.

"Becky, I've got a cramp in my leg."

"Hmmmm." A long sigh escaped her lips as we rolled sideways into a spoon formation. "I'll be sure to remind you to stretch next time."

The keys weren't locked in the car after all. They had hung up on one of the bags that I'd left on the porch. The good news was that I found them before any glass was broken.