 Fun fact: this IS a true story. I've changed the names, including my own, the girl's, and the band director's, but it is indeed a real-life experience I had. And yes, it was this good. ;)

* * * * *

First off, let me introduce myself. I'm Mark, and I'm a senior in high school. I've been in marching band as long as I can remember--I'm a trombone player, and a big fan of "bone" jokes, as well as "boning" girls. Unfortunately, it doesn't happen as often as I'd like, and neither does my real passion: blowjobs. There's something I love about the feeling of a girl's mouth sliding down around my cock (which, I'll admit, is a little above average, coming in at 6 and a half inches). Those warm lips, that wild little tongue... I get excited just THINKING about blowjobs, but since most of the girls I've been with are so uptight about oral, I've usually had to take care of those desires through manual stimulation.

However, there was this one time, on the way back from a marching band competition, that I got my desire fulfilled, and in one of the most unusual places I can ever remember. It was my senior year. All year, I'd been nursing a crush for Becky, the hottest girl in the band. Becky had honey-blonde hair, an angelic face, soft little lips, and the most perfect body I can imagine on any girl (36-26-34 and five-foot-eight). She was also 18, meaning--since I was 18, and had to be careful--that she'd be legal. However, Becky was almost as big a flirt as I was, and since there were many more attractive guys willing to flirt back, Becky seemed destined to remain just a fantasy of mine.

At one match in the middle of our season, our band climbed wearily onto the school bus at 11:00 p.m. We had just won a distinguished rating, and while everyone was happy, we were all ready to go to sleep as well. Except me. I climbed into my seat (I had the bad luck to be right behind the band director, Mr. Allen), and tried to doze. I had brought along a blanket (because the bus was a bit cold at night), but for whatever reason, I couldn't drop off. So, I started doing what I usually did when I couldn't sleep: thinking about sex. However, there was one big difference between being in my own bed and being on the bus. When I was at home, I was free to jerk off to my fantasies, which usually left me tired enough to go to sleep. However, on the bus, I couldn't do that...or could I? I looked around. Everyone was asleep. The kids behind me, the kids across the aisle, even Mr. Allen in front of me--all sound asleep. It seemed everyone was asleep except myself and the driver, and he was too focused on the road for much else. Maybe I would chance it, just this once...

I unzipped my jeans, unbuttoned my boxers, and slid my hand around myself, underneath the blanket. My cock seemed even harder than usual--it seemed the excitement of "giving myself a hand" in public was getting to me, and within a few strokes it felt like I was about to get off, when I felt a soft *thump* beside me and heard a voice whisper, "Awww, don't waste all that...share!" I opened my eyes, panting and surprised, to see Becky's face inches from mine, complete with a mischevious smile.

As I stopped stroking myself and just held my cock, Becky slipped her hand under the blanket and moved my hand aside. "I know you've had a crush on me all year," she said. My throbbing manhood jumped a little in her hand, and she laughed very quietly. "I also know what you like..." She leaned up to my ear, each whisper sending hot breaths into my ear and shocks of excitement down my entire cock shaft. "You like blowjobs, don't you?" she whispered. "You want to feel my lips sucking at your cock, don't you? You want to shoot your huge load into my throat, don't you?" She stroked slowly in time with each phrase, until I felt I was nearly ready to shoot off there. I just nodded, and Becky reached up to unzip the shirt she was wearing. She got the zipper halfway down and pushed the shirt off of her shoulders. I boggled as she revealed herself to be bra-less: those beautiful breasts of hers, formerly just objects of my fantasies, were there in all their glory--and she still had her hand on my cock!



"Go on," she whispered again. "Touch them...I want you to keep touching them while I blow you." I inhaled sharply--so she really had come up here for that! As my hands closed around those marvelous breasts, Becky moved the blanket aside. I jumped a little as the cold air hit my shaft, but fought the urge to groan as she leaned over and slid her lips down around my cock, slowly but surely. I translated the groan into a squeeze instead, feeling her firm but supple breasts pressed into my palm.

Becky, I have to admit, was damn good at what she was doing. Her head bobbed up and down on my shaft with the skill of a master, slowing down at just the right points to make sure I didn't cum too soon, her tongue thrashing to and fro over my cockhead, shaft, and even at one point--when she had my entire shaft in her mouth--she snaked her tongue out and teasingly licked my balls. I still grasped her breasts, squeezing gently or firmly, pinching her nipples in time with her bobbing head, and reclined my head back on the seat.

Then I leaned forward. It was time. I leaned down by her ear. "Becky," I groaned, "I'm going to cum. If you don't want it in your mouth, this would be a good time to finish with your hands..." But oh no. With my dick still halfway in her mouth, and never ceasing her up-and-down bobbing, she whispered around my shaft, "Oh no, I want all your thick cum in my mouth, Mark..." That did it. The vibrations of her voice, the feel of her tits, and the masterful blowjob all added up to one hell of an orgasm.

I felt my cock expand, then contract with the first spurt of my load. She made a brief gagging noise, then started swallowing greedily as she continued moving her head up and down my shaft in a slow fellatio. The first few spurts all went straight down her gullet, then she pulled her mouth off and jerked my cock hard towards herself, so that the last couple shot straight onto her tits. I grinned--apparently little angelic flirtatious Becky was a cumslut in the making. She zipped her shirt back up, leaving the wad on her chest. With a kiss on the cheek, she whispered, "It's a souvenir," and went back to her seat.

I tried to catch my breath.