 This story is, of course, absolutely true although I suppose all stories are to some extent depending on your point of view. Anyway, I've changed the names because that's what you're supposed to do to protect the innocent but in lots of ways I'd love to see her reaction to this account of our liaison.

Let's start with me. I'm in my mid-30s, quite overweight and quite unfit. I'm not an attractive man but nor am I particularly ugly. I'm pretty smart but I'm pretty lazy. I work as middle-manager for a big corporation in the North of England. I'm married to a wonderful woman and I have two beautiful young children. So really nothing special. Just an ordinary average kind of man with the same flaws, the same fears, the same lusts as everyone else.

I wanted to tell you about a journey I took with my assistant Becky and its aftermath. Becky isn't the type of absolute stunner about whom you often read in these stories. But she is pretty gorgeous - mid-twenties, blue, slightly oriental eyes, shoulder-length brown hair, lightly tanned skin, a nice tight body with slightly smaller breasts and a slightly bigger arse than perfection, at least my version of perfection. She's from the North-East with a beautiful playful sing-song accent.

She had, and still has, a boyfriend - a really great guy with whom I get on really well. Of course that didn't stop me secretly lusting after his girlfriend while at the same time trying to be a good boss to her. I'd diligently worked with her on her development and I suppose she trusted me thoroughly which probably makes what happened all the worse, at least as far as she was concerned.

Anyway, back to the journey: we were travelling down from the North to London and we were going to stay with at my family home the day before a business meeting in town. I should explain that my family hadn't yet moved up North with me - I lived in a flat during the week near my office and commuted at the weekend while we looked for the perfect house.

It was a Thursday evening and the traffic was poor - our trip should have taken four hours but we'd already done that and we were only half way there. I'd taken us off the motorway and was cutting down via the B roads in an attempt to save time when it happened.

Becky was looking idly out the window in a lull in our conversation, listening to the music station I'd put on, when, without thinking, she put her right hand onto my thigh. It was only because at first I didn't realise what she'd done that I didn't start at her touch. As it slowly came to me that a beautiful young woman had placed her hand high up my left thigh, instinct took over and my cock started to stiffen.

My heart pounding, I glanced across at her but she was still looking out the window without any acknowledgement of what she was doing. Luckily for me I dress to the left, as it were, and it was maybe thirty seconds before my erection began to slowly ease under her hand.

I let out an involuntary groan of pleasure and my cock twitched under her touch. I heard her gasp and her hand convulsively squeezed me before she snatched it away, holding it with her other as if it had been scalded. I tried to keep concentration on my driving, following the lights of the car ahead of us.

"Oh, my God!" she cried in absolute horror. "I'm so sorry, Tom! I didn't realise I'd put my hand there!" She stared at my obvious erection in shock. "I, ...I, ...I was day-dreaming and I thought I was driving with Andy, not you. I was just resting it there and, ...and well that doesn't happen to him!" she nodded at the tenting in my trousers.

"Sorry Becky," I replied, trying desperately to keep my voice composed. "I just wasn't expecting a beautiful young woman to, well, to fondle my dick today - my, er, reaction was automatic."

"I didn't fondle it!" she shrieked indignantly. "I just put my hand there. Oh god, this is so embarrassing."

"Well, it's pretty embarrassing for me too. I'm a married man. I was minding my own business when you put your hand on my cock," I exaggerated. "I can't help getting a hard-on."

It was getting quite dark outside so I couldn't see the colour in her face well but I was sure she was blushing heavily.

"Oh, no. Tom, this is awful," she moaned in that glorious melodic accent.

"It's no good. I'm going to have to stop for a bit." I slowed and turned left off the road down a quiet track before pulling over into a lay-by a mile away from the road; we were completely alone amongst wheat fields. I turned the engine off, flicked on the interior light and leant back.

She'd barely taken her eyes off my crotch; it was if she were horrified yet hypnotised by my bulge.

"If I just calm down it'll go away and we can pretend none of this happened," I said and she looked up at me with a grateful, almost pleading expression.

Of course there was no chance of this occurring. I was way too excited even though I was trying not to show it, other than by my erection of course. But I thought I'd play along for a bit to see what happened.

After a couple of minutes of uncomfortable silence and no diminution in my hardness, I decided to take my chance.

"Becky, it's not going to go away I'm afraid. You're just too attractive. Have you any idea how long it's been since anyone apart from Belinda has squeezed my dick? And this is really painful, you know."

"I'm so sorry. I honestly didn't mean to," she moaned.

"Well there's only one thing for it. I'm not hanging around waiting - we're late enough as it is." I lifted my hips up and started to unzip myself.

"No!" she screamed as her hands flew to her face in dismay but it was too late. My erection sprang free.

I sighed and leant back. "That's so much better."

I looked across at her - she was staring fixedly at my cock with the most appalled expression I've ever seen outside of a badly-acted film.

"Oh no, this is so so awful," she moaned again. She looked around outside the car but there was no-one to be seen.

"I'm sorry Becky. I had to let it out - it was just agony trapped in there." I paused and cleared my throat. "So are you going to help me with this then?"

It took a few seconds for her to realise what I'd asked her. Her delightful mouth opened in an 'O' of revulsion. "Oh my god no! Don't be disgusting. I've got a boyfriend and you're married," she yelped in disbelief.

"Becky, you've done this to me and you should sort it out for me," I demanded sternly.

"Can't you go outside and do it yourself? Or I'll go outside and you can do it in here?"

"What kind of pervert do you think I am? I'm not going to masturbate in public. And I've always found it really difficult to come without help from someone else," I lied. Her eyes were closed now in humiliation. "So if you don't do it, we'll just have to wait here until it goes away. And I tell you, Becky, it's not going anywhere."

We waited another minute or two in silence, her eyes tightly shut, while my confidence, although, not my erection ebbed away. There was no way she'd fall for it, would she? I thought.

So when she slowly started to reach her hand out, I was flabbergasted. My breathing quickened as I reached out to take her hand. She gave an uncontrolled gasp at the contact from my hand but kept her eyes closed as I slowly, elatedly, closed her small, pretty and beautifully manicured hand around my throbbing erection. 

"Oh fuck yes, Becky," I breathed as she clasped me just below the knob of my cock.

She took a deep breath, opened her eyes and slowly started to move her hand up and down my dick. I groaned in delight.

"We can't tell anyone about this, Tom," she blurted out as her smooth rhythm started to steadily quicken.

"Of course - it's our secret. Oh shit, that feels so good Becky. You're really good at this. Do you do this a lot for Andy?" I teased.

"Stop it! This is already really embarrassing. Stop making it worse!"

"Sorry - just making conversation," I laughed. "Oh yeah baby, faster, faster," I moaned as her hand started to blur on my cock.

Luckily I'd had a wank in the shower that morning so I was feeling confident about my stamina. In fact after five minutes and several switches of hand, Becky slowed down frustratedly.

"God, this is taking forever," she complained.

"Let me feel your tits and I'll come a lot quicker," I requested cheekily. Becky gave me an annoyed look but after another couple of minutes relented.

"OK you can have a quick feel if it helps."

Grinning, I reached across and started to pull her blouse up out of her skirt.

"Stop that!" She batted me away, interestingly, with only one hand, the other continuing to toss me firmly.

"Come on, Becky," I pleaded. "I'll come a lot quicker if you get them out and let me have a proper feel."

She didn't say anything other than swear so I started unbuttoning her blouse again, revealing an attractive lacy white bra covering her slightly tanned tits. I reached around her and, at the third attempt, unclasped her bra causing her breasts to surge forward invitingly.

She still hadn't stopped wanking me; I couldn't tell whether it was because she was getting into it, because she just wanted to finish it quickly or because she just didn't know what else to do. All three probably.

I lifted up her bra triumphantly exposing her beautifully shaped breasts, firm with small pinky-brown nipples, a good handful, larger than I'd expected.

"Oh, they're absolutely perfect, Becky," I breathed in anticipation.

"Thanks, Tom," she seemed genuinely pleased that I was so impressed.

I reached out and gently lifted them before squeezing them more firmly, feeling her nipples harden against my palms.

"You've got absolutely fantastic tits, Becky."

She giggled and redoubled her efforts on my dick, her hand moving up and down at a swifter pace.

"Oh, yes, I'm getting close," I groaned. "Have you got any tissues?"

"No," she answered. "There must be something in here," she looked around the car.

"Quickly, Becky I'm going to come very soon - we can't go and meet my wife with come all over our clothes!"

"There isn't anything!" she cried and she started to slow her hand down.

"Don't stop - use your mouth!" I ordered.

"What! No!" she yelled.

"Come on. You must suck Andy's dick - just pretend it's his!" I put my hand behind her head and pulled it down to my cock.

After momentary resistance, she came to a decision, swore and slid her mouth down over my cock. Just a hint of hesitation and then she began to slide her pursed lips up and down my shaft.

Her mouth was everything about which I'd ever fantasised. Hot and wet and sucking like a vacuum pump. I just couldn't hold on any longer.

"Oh fuck, here I come," I whispered as I began to spurt in her mouth.

She moaned around my cock as her mouth began to fill up but kept her head bobbing until my cock began to soften. She lifted her head up and, distraught, looked me in the eye before opening her door and spitting my come onto the ground outside.

"Thanks, Becky that was great," I said as she wiped her sleeve across her mouth.

"I can't believe we did that - it was so rude," she replied.

"Well I for one have no regrets," I smiled as I began to put my cock away. I looked down at a glob of come squeezing out of the end of my penis. "Becky, there's just a little bit more on the end - would you mind?"

She looked at me and shook her head as if she couldn't believe my effrontery but bent her head down and licked my knob clean with three swirls of her agile tongue. Apart from a low moan of delight, I didn't say anything; she seemed to swallow whatever she'd licked up.

"Right, let's get going!" she said with more than a hint of pleading in her voice.

We set off, making better time and got to the outskirts of London relatively quickly, spending the time in silence or chatting about inconsequentialities. However I still couldn't keep my mind off the handjob/blowjob she'd given me just a couple of hours before.

"Do you usually swallow when you suck Andy's cock, Becky?" I asked abruptly during a conversation on something work-related.

She looked up at me, eyes wide with disbelief and her mouth open in astonishment at my question.

"Tom! Stop it! We can't talk about sex any more and especially not what happened!" She folded her arms with finality as she replied.

"Becky, relax - look we've worked together for, what, six months now and I can't see why what happened has to change anything," I said disingenuously. "And I'm just curious about your sex life - you can ask me questions about mine."

She looked across at me with a stern expression before sighing and murmuring, I think, "Oh, I'm such a slut."

She continued, "Yes, I do usually, you know, swallow." I could tell she was blushing again.

"Becky! Why didn't you swallow my spunk then?" I teased.

"I almost did but I just thought it would be disloyal to Andy," she admitted. I didn't point out that letting me come in her mouth in the first place might already be testing her loyalty to her boyfriend somewhat.

"Oh what a shame - I've often thought about you swallowing my come."

"Tom!" she shrieked, "Stop being so naughty." She was definitely blushing now.

"Oh come on, Becky, don't be naive. You're an attractive woman - you're definitely the object of many men's fantasies." She remained silent so I pushed on, "You really are very good at sucking cock; do you do it often?"

"Please, Tom, stop it."

"Come on, Becky. You must suck Andy a lot to have got so good at it."

"No. I don't know. Maybe twice a month," she eventually replied.

"Wow. Did you give head to many men before Andy?" I was getting off on having this conversation with her. My cock started to stir again.

"Oh, not that many. Maybe five or six."

"I'm impressed. Just imagine how good you'd be if you practised a bit more!" I joked.

"Tom!" she chided. By now I had a full erection.

"Becky."

"Yes?" 

"I think we've got that same problem again." She looked at me with puzzlement before glancing down and seeing the familiar bulge in my pants.

"Oh, no. Please, Tom. Not again." I was pulling off the dual carriageway already. She continued to complain until I had parked on a quiet industrial estate. I unclipped my seatbelt and started to pull my cock out again. A streetlight provided faint illumination around the cabin of the car.

"Becky, you know what to do. Remember all of this started with your hand on my crotch," I exaggerated. "Just one blowjob and I'll be completely satisfied and we can forget about it. Well?" I waved my erect penis at her.

She sighed before unbuttoning her blouse, opening her bra and revealing her boobs again. She reached across with her right hand to start masturbating me again. She licked her lips before stating, "This is the last time, Tom."

"Of course," I answered, looking her straight in the eye. Obviously satisfied with my response, she nodded before she bent her head down and licked all around my knob including up and down the shaft.

"Oh Becky, that's so so good." She seemed to making a real effort maybe spurred on by my teasing or maybe just to make me come quickly so she could get it over and done with. She kissed and tongued my cock for another couple of minutes before she started to slowly bob her head up and down me. Her cheeks hollowed and she made loud slurping sounds as she sucked me harder than I'd ever been sucked before.

By this time, I was swearing freely and telling her I loved her while I played roughly with her boobs, pinching and tweaking her erect nipples. She moaned in response around her mouthful of cock before impressively accelerating her head-bobbing. Delightfully, she kept glancing up allowing me to look into her saucy blue eyes while I desperately tried to stop myself coming.

It didn't take long for her passionate sucking to have its desired effect. I grabbed hold of her head with both hands and thrust my hips upwards as I my first, huge spurt hit the back of her throat. I continued to buck my hips as she synchronised the up-and-down movement of her mouth in time to my emissions. This time I could feel her swallowing immediately.

After the last of my come had disappeared down her throat, we both sat back, our chests heaving while we tried to catch our breath.

"Oh shit, Becky. That was fucking fantastic," I was eventually moved to say as she adjusted her clothes.

She smiled, "I'm glad you enjoyed it!" She picked up her handbag, pulled down the mirror and began to adjust her make-up. I passed over some breath-mints.

"I guess we'd better get home, Becky," I said as we pulled away.

We were home within half an hour. I did feel a little guilty as I affectionately greeted my wife but, when you get down to it, I don't think many men would have said no to a blowjob or two from someone as hot as Becky.

Becky hadn't met Belinda before but made a good impression and I think it was only because I watching her closely that I noticed her acting in a slightly subdued manner. The three of us had a pleasant meal together before Becky begged tiredness and retired to the guest bedroom on the first floor.

Not long afterwards, Belinda and I turned in, making our way up to our bedroom on the top floor, a loft conversion. We chatted briefly about plans for the weekend before turning out the lights for a well-deserved sleep.

I woke up at around three, stiff as a rod. I couldn't remember what I'd been dreaming about but I was impressed that I'd managed my fourth erection in less than 24 hours. I idly played with my cock, making sure I didn't wake Belinda, knowing that I should really stop otherwise I'd never get back to sleep. I briefly considered trying to wake her to see if she was up for a quick sleepy shag but then I thought about those pretty blue eyes, those firm shapely tits and that hot sucking mouth sleeping just below me. I honestly tried to go back to sleep for maybe two or three minutes but then I thought, "sod it," and I slowly got up.

I crept out the room and downstairs, not really worried about Belinda who slept heavily, but not wanting to disturb my gorgeous if occasionally slightly inconvenient children. I managed to get downstairs without making any noise before carefully opening Becky's door.

The slight creak didn't awaken her so, having closed the door, I tiptoed to her bed and looked down at the indistinct form swaddled under the duvet. I slowly slid under the bedding and paused, my heart thundering and my breathing ridiculously loud in my ears.

After having caught by breath, I slowly turned towards her and found that she was facing away from me. I shuffled across and slid my arm around her to grab hold of her right tit while I pushed my erection against her tight bottom.

I gently started to play with her nipple through her nightdress which was basically a long t-shirt down to her thighs. Her nipple popped up after a few seconds but she was till fast asleep judging by her breathing. I decided to take it a little further and slowly lifted up her t-shirt at the back and started to stroke her bottom which was smooth and firm. She wasn't wearing any knickers or shorts. Always impatient, I moved my arm back around to her front and slid a finger between thighs until I was rewarded with the feel of her pussy lips which I started to stroke, gradually opening them up to my caress.

Without thinking I pulled my pyjama shorts down and began to slide my hard dick back and forth between her arse cheeks, thinking that if I continued for much longer I would come just from doing that. Meanwhile my finger obviously had had some impact as her lips were fairly moist now as I worked my way up to her clit.

It was at this point she started to wake up. "Andy?" she queried sleepily before she followed up with, "Oh, Andy. Mmmm."

I started really working on her clit, making tiny circles on it with my finger, pressing down hard.
