 (Tease, busty, nipples, tits, breasts, first time)

This is a tribute to the beauty of big breasts. Please send comments good or bad, thank you. Enjoy.

***

Becky was truly one of the hottest girls in college. Sure, some people love the classic James Bond type of beauty. You know, the 5'-8" busty babe with an hourglass figure. But others, like me, absolutely crave the smaller, more petite version. A short girl with a thin waist, definitely nicely rounded hips and fucking big tits, THAT's for me! 

Don't get me wrong, I don't like huge bowling ball tits, but I do love full, wide breasts that are, perhaps, one good cup size bigger than what most guys would consider big. I mean, a C cup on most women looks pretty damn nice, especially once they take their bras off, but a D cup is even better, and a double-D, if nicely shaped, can be just super perfect.

Their shape is important too. I once had a girlfriend with perfectly firm B-cups that had a champagne glass kinda shape. Her nipples were big and suckable too, so we had some hot raging sex for over a year together, really hot. Since then I've been lucky to find larger breasts that also have those nice pointy tips to them. Large tits without large thick nipples are simply a waste. No, for me, I adore the large, wide, teardrop shaped tits when they are firm, particularly when they have pronounced nipples. Good nipple structure is really important to me too.

So, Becky was one of those hotties who would instantly catch your eye as she walked down the street; having such nice wide hips and thin waist. Viewing her from the backside, she was delightful. Due to her thin frame, delicate arms and legs and impossibly narrow waist, you would absolutely swear that when she turned around you would only see a size A or maybe a B-cup set of tits. If you were an ass man, you would keep checking her out, but if you were all about the tits, you'd probably not pay her too much attention. 

But no, when she turned, and glory be to God, she sported a shockingly beautiful set of double-D cup tits; 34-DD's to be precise! God almighty was it a miracle that she even existed! Along with her firm, jutting double-D's, she had a 24-inch waist, and a lovely 36" set of hips. Lord but she was made to be fucked for hours!

Her face too was simply beautiful. She had a model's face with a cute pointy nose and thick Angela Jolie lips. Lips that could suck a cock like nobody's business. Lips that would make French kissing an erotic act. Eyes that were so dreamy you could get lost in them. 

As could easily be expected, and because of her fantastic beauty she had been babied all her life. Men held doors for her. Guys would stare at her, spill their coffees, drop their lunches, or even skateboard into cars, as once happened in front of her. She giggled to herself at the time and resolved to wear thin bras and tops, so her tits could go bouncy like that again. It made her feel really powerful, and horny too. 

As a result of all this attention, the malicious side of Becky developed. It caused her to be taken to teasing men whenever she got the chance. She would tease them just to prove that she had power over them. Often she didn't care to have any sort of sex with them, unless she happened to be horny that is. In fact, she became rather expert at this. But luckily for some men, sometimes she did allow them to have their way with her too. 

It was surprising, but she would act compliant with guys who had the guts to ask her out, to order her to comply, or, sometimes, to guys who simply broke down and groped her. Inside she felt it was her duty to share her beauty with all the needy men out there. "Why else would she be so blessed with such a perfect, sculpted body?", she thought. She liked having power over guys but gave in like a subservient bitch if they simply had the guts to take control.

She never settled down with any guy largely because she got such a thrill from teasing guys and feeling free to do whatever she wanted, and also to 'do' any guy she wanted to. Yes, she perfected what to wear when the weather allowed, how to wiggle and, most importantly, how to jiggle her wares.

Through college Becky never took on a full-time job. It would cramp her style of feeling impulsive and free. And so, it happened that she would still do some babysitting or housesitting jobs because, after all, it paid so much better than most of the other jobs out there her friends seemed to fall into. And she really needed the money. Not because she did drugs or anything, but because she had fine tastes in clothes and she liked to dress up to tease and show herself off.

Becky liked the power rush she felt when she would tease a boy to distraction. For that reason, she got to be better and better at wearing respectable attire which just so happened to have a 'costume malfunction', or else she would wear something extra sexy, thin or tight and revealing, and just let the guys ogle her. She recalled seeing many a guy walk out of the school library, for example, after she had spent some time posing and touching herself in plain view, with large wet spots on their trousers. She was sure they just hid somewhere, rubbed themselves in their pockets, and stared at her from afar.

And so it was that recently she was approached by her divorced neighbor Keith to housesit his adolescent son. Tommy was 18 already but his dad didn't quite trust him to be home alone since he had already gotten caught drinking and breaking the rules a few times with his more delinquent friends. Tommy still had half a year to go to finish high school and, generally speaking, he got along fine with his dad, it's just that inside he was still very much the juvenile; very much still a nerdy adolescent. He didn't want him hanging around even more with wrong crowd. His son was quite introverted, so a bit of alcohol loosened him up and Keith wanted none of it. He also wanted to protect his house and all his valuable art work. No, Keith was happy to pay Becky generously to be at his house while he worked late some nights which he was forced to do due to his high-pressure job in finance.

Now Tommy, his son, was a horny little lad. He was good looking at 5'-10" tall and in reasonable shape for the nerd that he was. He was a computer gamer, as many kids his age are, but he was also a porn addict. He just loved to shoot his load and there was so much free porn out there, that he couldn't resist the all-powerful rush he got from climaxing. His favorite models were those short, petite Japanese women, especially the rare ones who happened to have big tits. Damn, but he found big tits on a little curvy Japanese babe to be so very, very sexy. 

And so it was that he discovered Julia Boin, a thin beautiful young Japanese E-cup sex goddess. Wow, was she fantastic and she was only 5'-2" tall! She was so pretty and clean-cut looking that her videos were all the more erotic because she was also a rampant fucking slut that loved to seduce and tease, to suck guys off and be coated in cum. In her videos she often had a penchant for nerds and awkward young lads. He so much wanted to suck on her big firm tits; to lick her young pussy to ecstasy; to pound his hard cock into her pussy and maybe even into her sweet little mouth! Yes, she was profoundly beautiful, and so was Becky!

Becky knew who Tommy was, she lived in the same neighborhood as him after all. Though he was about six years her junior, she still found him to be reasonably handsome, for a young lad. She knew young guys were crazy with hormones and just dying to get off wherever they could. She was anxious to tease him in his own house where he wouldn't be able to get away from her.

Becky arrived at Keith's house right on time at 6:00. She was dressed in a simple white cotton shirt and a pleated blue skirt that came down almost to her knees. She also wore bobby socks and loafers that held her slender young feet quite nicely.

Right after Becky served dinner, she went upstairs to freshen up. Tommy was seated in the living room when she came back down with his techno music blaring, trying to finish up his homework. 

When Becky returned Tommy was shocked at the sight of her. She looked totally normal except she had somehow "forgotten" to button up her shirt! Her top button was left open as is normal with most shirts people wear, but the second button was just about the only thing holding the rest of her shirt together! The third and fourth buttons were somehow completely left undone! 

If she stood straight, her shirt held itself somewhat closed, but if she turned or twisted or moved at all it fell almost completely opened in the middle. Tommy was in shock at what he was checking-out. Never before in his life had he seen such an erotic display of a busty woman. He could clearly see her bra. He simply couldn't believe it. Underneath her shirt she had on a flesh-colored semi-transparent bra which made her tits almost look naked! His eyes were glued straight to her! He was trying to figure out what she really had on. He wasn't sure if her bra was transparent and he could see her breast flesh directly, or if that was the color of the bra, or what the hell was going on? He could certainly see most of her tits right through the gaping hole in her shirt. "Shit! This stuff never happens in life", he thought. "This is amazing. What big tits. She is so hot!" he thought. He was puzzled, excited, intrigued, astounded, titillated and beside himself with lust all at the same time! 

"God you could just stick your hand right in there!" he thought to himself. And her tits are so big, he thought. "God they are fantastic!" he screamed to himself. "I've got to be the gentlemen and tell her that she left her shirt gaping open. No, no this is just too great. Maybe I'm allowed to just stick my hands in there? Maybe I can just do it because her shirt is just gaping open? No, I can't tell about her shirt problem, this is just too titillating, too erotic I don't know what to do. I can't even breathe normally this is so damn hot!!" he thought.

Yes, the second button of her shirt held it closed just above the top of her firm, jutting double-D tits. But jutting outward were her wonderful teardrop shape her tits! God did they stick out! Her young firm suckable hooters were just jutting out there, so firm and round and pointed outwards with her shirt half undone! "Lord she must be a D or maybe an E cup? He just didn't know but was dying to find out", Tommy exclaimed to himself. He just had to attack her, to grope and suck on her, but no, he couldn't. He would get in so much trouble he was afraid.

He really was trembling inside. He'd never seen such a crazy accident of a woman not noticing her shirt gaping open. Maybe he could help her button it up? Maybe he could just start buttoning her up while apologizing and groping her at the same time? He wondered if he could do that or what he should do. He was really beginning to convince himself this meant he WAS, in fact, allowed to grope her, but, all in all, he was just simply frozen in his tracks.

Becky went back to reading her book, her torso bouncing to the techno beat with her hooters wiggling and jiggling, defying anyone to just reach out and grab them! 

Tommy was so tormented that he couldn't do anything at all. So, he quietly got up and left the room. His cock was already at full mast and he kept it hidden by his school book. Becky noticed, sure she noticed. That was the whole point. She giggled to herself and continued to read and bounce around slightly in her seat.

Tommy retreated to the mudroom near the stairs to go upstairs. He set his book down and peeked back towards the living room where Becky was seated. Her shirt folded from right to left, so the part that was gaping open was exactly pointed in his direction. He could see her tits! He could see through her transparent bra! Her areola were so damn large and her nipple was big and thick and poking right out! Oh, my God he couldn't control himself.

Quickly Tommy snapped a couple cell phone pictures. He used his zoom so he could cherish them afterwards. Then he reached down and rubbed the throbbing erection in his pants. It felt so, so, so very very good to rub himself as he was looking at the most erotic sight he had ever seen. He was still a virgin after all. 

He was looking at her, staring at her big jutting tits. They were cradled so nicely in her firmly packed bra. It held them so nicely, presenting them for view. He could image himself resting his head on them, sucking her big nipples. Boy, oh boy, would he suck on her nipples for a long, long time if he could! He could imagine her writhing with joy as he suckled away. He could imagine her pussy getting so very wet and how good she would feel as he squeezed and pulled and poked at her nipples. He thought all this as he continued to rub his hard cock in his pants.

Tommy squeezed and rubbed his cock through his pants. It was sticking out in the right pocket, so he stuck his hand in and rubbed the frenulum just below the tip. He did this while he stared, and stared, and stared at her jutting hooters almost completely exposed in her shirt. 

And then, all of a sudden, BAM!, he shot, and shot, and shot his load into his pants. He muffled his screams; and boy did he want to scream. He rubbed and rubbed as he spasmed and spasmed and jerked and rocked his hips. He almost bit his tongue trying to keep quiet, but he continued to rub himself until his throbbing cock subsided; until the last spurt of cum spewed from his hard cock into his underwear, soaking his pocket and pants. Tommy was gasping for air and had to go sit down on the stairs and catch his breath.

Becky, for her part, sensed he was spying on her from somewhere. She heard some noise but wasn't sure what it came from. She wasn't sure where he was, but she didn't expect that he was very far away. She certainly didn't expect that he actually went off to beat off about her so quickly. She thought he would do nothing but linger in the room and gawk at her when she wasn't looking. "Where was he?" she thought to herself. Becky moved to the right end of the couch because the best views inside her shirt were from the left. She made sure her shirt billowed open as much as possible, so she leaned over to read her magazine some more.

After catching his breath a bit, and still trembling from such an intense release, Tommy came back into the living room and plopped down on the couch too. He looked at his phone camera again and found he could zoom in even closer on her. The images were nice and clear, so he clicked away. He didn't mind being a voyeur, he just had to gawk and gaze and stare at her tits some more, at the blatant display of her hooters held so tightly in such a sheer brassiere. He mentioned nothing at all to her about her blouse being open. Nothing at all...

Becky could clearly see a damp spot on his pants. She giggled to herself. Tommy heard this but wasn't sure why she was giggling. He continued to stare and try to pretend he was reading and doing his homework. Becky closed her eyes and reached up to stroke her hair. This movement thrusted her left breast completely outside of her shirt. She wanted him to see her nice large tits. She wanted him to stare at her and memorize her curves, the size of her areola, the thickness of her yearning nipple.

Tommy watched TV with her as he was picking away casually at his homework and, like so many multi-tasking adolescents, he was also playing a video game on his cell phone at the same time. Well, at least that was what he was pretending to do. In fact, he was regularly switching his screen to his cell phone camera to zoom in even closer on her. He wanted more and better pictures of her in her bra for his beat-off sessions later on. He figured correctly that he could see way more of her tits in a photo that he zoomed in on later as he lay in his bed with his cock in his hands. He now had tons of them.

Then, to make matters worse and crank up the tension even more, Becky stood up and leaned over a few times to gather things from around where she was seated. Ostensibly she was going to move over so she could watch some TV, but she was really just trying to put on a display for him as her bra-encased tits dangled out of her gaping open shirt. More photos were snapped on his phone.

Tommy sat there frozen in lust, staring just like the proverbial deer in headlights. She had him. She knew she had him and she loved that he was staring at her. Finally, Becky settled back down on the couch, shirt still halfway wide open. 

Well Tommy couldn't take it anymore. He simply had to molest her. "Maybe she wants it?" he thought. 

With his rock-hard cock poking straight outwards in his pants, he just couldn't stand it anymore without someone or some thing touching it. So, he got up and he walked over to her as she was seated on the couch. His cock was now right at the level with her lips. He mustered up all his nerve and walked right up to her to grab both of her tits in his hands. He just simply had to squeeze them and pinch her nipples and heft the weight of her soft tit-pillows. He simply wanted to grab her and was beginning to think she wouldn't mind. In fact, she probably wouldn't have, but little did he know.

But then, his timidity and bashfulness took over again and he simply walked really close to her, dick coming dangerously close to her face, and went off to the kitchen to get some water; his cock jutting out clearly in his pants. He just had to calm himself down. He couldn't look at her anymore or he was going to explode. 

Tommy then went back to the laundry room, out of sight of the living room, and opened up his photos to take a closer look. He could see what great shots he had just gotten; such great nipple shots. He had some great clear close-ups. She had such amazing tits and he just loved, loved, loved big tits! She was so much like his Japanese porn star lover. He just wanted to squeeze and play with her tits for hours; abuse and pinch and pull on them. He could see her nipples pushing out against the fabric of her semi-transparent flesh-colored bra and they were just so large and thick! That was all he needed to focus on. He imagined her flesh, her softness, her curves and flesh. He shoved a pile of Kleenex into his underwear and rubbed his cock some more and, once again after not too much frantic stroking, he shot off another big load of cum into his pants. He was trembling and shaking it was so intense. She was so fucking hot!

Now at least, he was calmer and could be around her a little longer without so much urgency to cum. After calming down a bit he got some more water and acted as if everything was normal. After all, he had been sneaking around the house staring at her and beating off a couple times already, but all was normal, la, de, dah. Tommy then went to the bathroom to wipe himself down and dry himself off. Even after shooting off twice, he was still up for some more gawking.

As Tommy came back to the living room, Becky checked him out a bit. He was young but still he was kinda cute, she thought. Becky felt a bit wet in her panties, but she just sat there and enjoyed all the teasing she was doing to him. She wondered if he would just reach out and grab her. She wondered how nice a kisser he might be. So, the two of them watched a TV show a bit and shared some popcorn. Tommy still had to calm himself down and convince himself that this was all true, that she was just sitting there and letting him gawk at her tits.

A bit later on in the evening, Becky looked down and lied, "Oh my gosh! I didn't know my blouse was open. Oh gosh, I feel so embarrassed. I'm sorry Tommy". Of course, Tommy didn't mind at all. He simply loved the show. "Why didn't you tell me, you dirty boy? You must have noticed" she giggled and slightly scolded him. She didn't want to sound very serious, but she did want to tease him a bit. 
