 (Tease, busty, nipples, tits, breasts)

This is a tribute to the beauty of big breasts. Please send comments if you wish me to continue. Enjoy.

***

About 3 days later, Keith asked Becky again if she could housesit. He had big projects in the works at the office and he really wanted to secure his career. Since he and his wife had split up, he really needed some serious income. Becky was happy to housesit for him again. She needed the good pay that housesitting or even babysitting produced and his house was so nice after all and, then there was the added bonus of her being able to tease his young horny son. Who knows, maybe at some point she'd let him gobble her tits while she stroked his throbbing cock? Maybe she'd even suck his cock, that would for sure get her wet as hell!

This time around Becky wore a surprise outfit. It was normal looking enough, but since it was a very hot day she arrived with a light-yellow blouse on and some rather tight blue jean shorts too. Once again, Keith rushed off to work and Becky was quick to get back to her teasing of poor Tommy. She went to the coat rack to remove her blouse, casually mentioning that it was just so hot she needed to cool herself off. 

Beneath her blouse she wore an exceedingly tight yellow tank top with, shockingly, no bra on at all! It was made of a thin rippled chiffon-like material that was almost see-through when stretched. And stretched it was indeed. The material stretched so tightly over the tempting contours of her big tits that it became thin and molded itself to every contour of her firm jutting tits, just like a leotard. It was as if her top was shrink-wrapped to her firm, but jiggly, mountains of joy. Though it wasn't see-through, her tank top revealed every detail of the contours of her young succulent fruits. She simply looked spectacular.

Her tank top was cut low revealing a generous amount of her delicious cleavage and then, below her tits, it stopped abruptly just below her full round mountains. It also swooped inward between her two hooters, molding itself to her full jugs as if it was vacuum-pressed there. It was as if she was walking around with jiggling, gift-wrapped, hooters presented as a gift to anyone who wanted to play with them. 

Tommy was speechless once again. He couldn't believe his luck with his dad hiring such a sexy Playboy hottie to watch over him. Did he want him to have sex with her? Did she want him to have sex with her? Was he allowed to just touch her as he'd like to; as he wanted to do and almost did just the other day? Would she play with him and help him shoot his pent-up load of cum? Part of him said, "Today's the day. I'm going to grope her!" But no, no, no, none of this could be true. Life isn't a dream like that, he convinced himself. He would get into tons of trouble if he did. She was just dressing like so many of the other teases at high school and there was nothing he could do about it. Plus, he was just too scared, although he didn't quite know why.

Tommy once again couldn't control his staring at the blatant display of her tits and nipples which so beautifully capped her firm young double-D's. They were sticking straight out, begging to be sucked. Her jugs wiggling and jiggling beneath her thin wrap. He couldn't move a step.

I mean, it was OK for a woman to wear a tank top, a tube top, or a halter top. That was totally acceptable for women to do, but not when they had big tits like this and without a bra! "Not without a fucking bra!" he thought. 

Tommy was not only staring, but actually started drooling with his mouth gaping wide open when Becky repeated what she was saying to get his attention. "Tommy? Do you want to eat outside tonight Tommy? Do you have much homework to do?" she asked, pretending as if nothing was out of the ordinary with the way she was dressed and the way she was gawking at her.

Tommy couldn't believe how non-chalante she was acting. Surely if she were to go to the corner store dressed like that she would be attacked by every man in the store and raped on the spot. Well, maybe she wanted to be ravaged by some horny, needy guy?

"Ummm, uh, no, not so much. Um... I'd rather eat inside with the air conditioning. Is that OK?" he asked. He wanted to be with her privately and it was damn hot outside anyway. He was also quite embarrassed about the growing hard cock between his legs, but there was nothing he could do about it and he convinced himself that she wouldn't notice anyway. Little did he know, but all women, especially Becky, loved checking out a guy's cock. He quickly sat down, not taking his eyes off her fantastic set of jiggling tits.

Becky then went and sat down on the couch with her legs folded beneath her and played with her cell phone. Her knees were sticking out to either side and her shorts sucked up tight to her crotch. You didn't have to look too closely to see her camel toe poking out too.

Tommy went back to staring at her sitting there with her two torpedoes sticking straight out. Well, they weren't really torpedoes, rather more of a wonderful teardrop shape to them; naked beneath her wrap. They swooped outward so firm and nicely; with such a succulent teardrop shape to them. He couldn't help but go and sit near her on the couch. He knew his cock was poking out in his pants, but he didn't care. He just had to see her tits more closely. How much of her nipples could he detect, he wondered? He wanted to see the swollen thin flesh of her areola if he could. He wanted to memorize their shape and firmness.

Sure enough, as he got to within just a couple feet of her he could almost see through her tight tank top. Her seemingly mountainous big tits were jiggling so nicely to and fro; so tantalizing. He so desperately wanted to grope them, to squeeze and feel just how soft they were. 

Clearly, Becky was teasing him, but he was far too young and insecure to call her on it, to challenge her. All he could think about was what an incredible body he was checking-out. He just stared at her hooters and belly and pussy and told himself that she didn't notice. It's funny how kids live by wishful thinking. They tell themselves something and convince themselves it's true when obviously it isn't. Of course, Becky noticed he was staring at her, but that's exactly what she wanted him to do. Sights and images that would fuel his masturbation sessions for many days to come.

After some time, he was feeling too hot and sweaty, he was almost trembling, and he needed to get some distance between him and her, so he could stroke his cock. He was starting to play 'pocket billiards' as it was, and it was awkward. He just simply needed to rub his cock hard and stare. 

Before he could get up, she got up herself to go and put dinner together. As Becky jumped up, her tits did their jiggle and bounce, as large braless tits are known to do. Ah, such a delight. 

Tommy settled in to the couch even more to view his super-hot housesitter from afar, puttering around the kitchen. She was like an exotic dancer, but he had her all to himself in the privacy of his home. It seemed like everything she touched or moved around caused her massive chest to wiggle and jiggle. Her neck was so pretty. Her lips were so inviting. He wanted to kiss her and fondle her and have her rub his cock till he came.

After a little while, Becky asked Tommy if he could help her reach something up high in the cupboards. She wanted to take her teasing to the next step. Tommy got up to help her but felt nervous because his cock had gotten completely hard as a rock as he watched her bouncing around. She was interrupting the jacking off he was doing too. He tried to push his cock up against his belly, so it'd be less noticeable, but it still was poking out against his pants.

Becky asked him to come around behind the counter and help her get a bowl from up high on the shelf. She certainly noticed the hardon he was carrying and was delighted how much control she was having over him. She wondered how far she could push him until he simply reached out and grabbed her.

"Which one do you want?" he asked as he climbed up on a stool to grab it off the shelf. Becky, in pointing up towards the bowl she wanted, very deliberately rubbed, not her whole breasts, but just both of her hard nipples gently against his back.

Tommy sure as heck immediately felt that. "Wow, how rock hard can nipples get?", he thought. "They must be really damn big. Shit I'd like to get them in my mouth" he thought. Allowing her nipple massage to linger a bit, Becky then said, "As long as you're up there why don't you get me those glasses too?" 

After putting the bowl on the counter, she then again pressed herself against him gently. This time she pressed more of her breasts against his back as she asked for the glasses. She smushed them against him knowing it would get even more of a rise out of him.

Tommy froze in place, dying to grab and rub his cock again. "Wow! What fucking big soft tits she has", he thought. "God those are some damn nice melons! That's it babe, massage my back with those soft udders of yours!" 

"You mean this glass?" he asked. "Yes, that's the one", she answered as she backed her body off of him. She knew he must have loved her nipples and tits rubbing against him and, boy oh boy, he sure did!

Tommy passed the glass down from the shelves and literally had to restrain himself from just grabbing her tits. He wanted to squeeze them so badly. He wanted to pinch and pull on her nipples and wrap his hands around her thin waist. He was having trouble controlling himself and his cock really needed some rubbing really badly. As he was getting down off the stool, with Becky having crouched down below him to get something else out of a lower cabinet, she 'accidentally' rubbed up against his rock-hard cock with the back of her arm. She pretended they weren't making any contact at all and she didn't notice a thing. 

Becky was more than thrilled how hard she was making him. Poor boy, maybe she would let him get some relief? She wondered what his jizz tasted like and how much a feeling of power she would have if she did let him shoot a load down her throat. She had to figure out a way that she could get him off through some sort of innocent accident or such and pretend she didn't mean to. What a vixen she was.

Even though he wanted to rub up against her until his cock shot off in his pants, Tommy quickly extricated himself from the kitchen with an aching and throbbing cock in his pants. He went back to the living room to view Becky from further away, so she couldn't see how he was going to 'rub one out' before dinner while he stared at her.

Becky decided she'd keep it up. She would intentionally not look directly at him. That way he could gawk at her and rub himself as much as he wanted. She wanted to fill his erotic fantasies for years to cum, um, errr, come.

Turning sideways, she casually reached up, as if she was deep in thought, and stroked her left nipple. Tommy could clearly see what she was doing, and he trembled inside at the sight. She pinched her nipple and even twisted it. Then she slid her hand down to cup and heft her breast upward. Her palm was right at the level of the bottom of her tank top, right at the base of her tits. Her naked belly flesh looked so soft and smooth.

Then Becky turned towards him briefly, not looking directly at him to embarrass him because she knew he would be staring at her. She knew this would put her tits back on display, pointing directly at him. "Damn, but she's hot", he thought. "I've got to grab her and suck on her! I wish she would just rub my cock while I groped and kissed her." That's what Sally, his old girlfriend had done a few times.

Becky then turned sideways again so he wouldn't be afraid she'd catch him staring. She started gyrating to the music. She briefly just got lost in it and raised her hands straight above her head, cupping one palm within the other and writhing like a snake. Her thin young arms seemed so fresh and beautiful. Her naked belly tight and smooth. Her writhing, of course, caused her tits to thrust out boldly as she wiggled her hips and her whole body to the beat. What a sight she was. What an erotic dancer!

Tommy was rubbing himself frantically right now. She was just too much of a sexy wet dream to take in! "All of this, and her tits are just so damn big and firm!" he thought. He got harder still, as if that was even possible, and knew he was about to blow. 

That was it for Tommy. He dashed upstairs to his room for a bit. He needed to get off, and quickly. Tommy looked up his favorite young, thin, busty, hottie Julia Boin and found a groping video of her on a bus.

This was one of his favorite videos because, for some reason, it seems you could grope any woman you wanted to on a Japanese bus, or so it seemed from these crazy porn videos, ha, ha. Due to some sort of weird social conventions, the women seemed to remain there passively, allowing men to do whatever they wanted with them. Or at least that's how the fantasy seemed if you watched enough Japanese groping films.

Well there she was, all dressed up properly with a gray skirt and gray vest. The vest had no buttons on it but was simply there to keep her warm and modest. Beneath that she had on a flowery pink shirt with a few large buttons on it. Her ample breasts, some glorious 34-E's, were apparent within her blouse but not blatantly exposed.

Some guy came up real close behind her and firmly thrust his cock towards her nicely rounded ass. There were men to either side of her, so she couldn't easily get away. He pressed against her a couple of times and saw that she was not avoiding him. Then, while Julia was holding onto the hand strap hanging from the ceiling and her other hand clutching her hand bag, the man grasped both of her hips to steady himself. Well, he was doing more than that in fact. He was even more firmly thrusting his hardening cock against her buttocks.

After a few rather sudden rocking movements of the bus, the man slid his hands up to grab her by both shoulders. Again, she did nothing to avoid his grasp. So, the man slid one hand down the front of her shoulder. He slid downwards and onto the swell of her quite large breast. Sensing that she was still not avoiding him, he slipped his hand to fully cup her large breast inside of her open vest top. She wiggled to try to free herself from his grasp, but she wasn't seriously trying very hard.

Well, that was quite a scene, grasping and rubbing and groping her large young breast. The man was then quick to grab her other breast too. He was rubbing and squeezing her and you could tell by the shots of her face that she did not approve of it but, at the same time, there was a hint of her actually enjoying the stimulation.

The man continued to vigorously rub her breasts and, in doing so, her pretty little blouse slipped out of her skirt. It barely had any shirt tails to it at all so simply moving a bit caused it to slide up and out of being tucked in to her skirt. The man then popped one button open, then another button. Her buttons, being rather large, only allowed four buttons total to keep her blouse closed. She had left the top one undone, which is normal with any blouse, but now with her second and third buttons open there was only one button remaining closed. Her blouse was wide open and her matching pink bra was fully in view.

The man then slid around to the front of her, to face her directly. There was no escape for her. Unfortunately for Julia, she had worn a see-through brassiere that day and her large nipples and areola were completely exposed to the man's gaze. Contributing to her bad luck she had chosen a brassiere with only one clasp and it was located, which is not so usual, in the front of her cute bra, right between her lovely large natural tits.

The man then renewed his grasping and kneading and groping of her tits threatening to overflow her very full bra. Within a mere minute or two of frantic rubbing he snapped the clasp open and voila!, her big juicy tits came completely into view! The man bent over and promptly sucked one of her naked nipples into his hungry mouth, then the other, then back again to the first leaving the other one wet and glistening in the light. 

The man was sucking for all he was worth. Soon he would have her skirt off and be fucking her right in front of all the passengers and she would scream with ecstasy. That was enough for Tommy, he didn't need to watch any more. He shot a huge load of cum all over a towel he had placed on his bed. He rocked his hips and shot and shot and shot his load. He was imagining he was that guy in the subway. He had dreamed of being able to grope this thin, hot Asian babe for months now and fuck her with wild abandon. Ahhhh...but Julia was the love of his life and luckily for him, he had an American version of her right down stairs. But how could he ever grope her, he wondered. 

Tommy couldn't get over how good his cumshot felt. He trembled with his strong orgasm; his palms were sweating; he had a strong rush in his head he almost felt faint. As he caught his breath he realized just how beautiful Becky was and how nervous and embarrassed he was too. He zipped up and returned quickly back downstairs since he certainly didn't want Becky to come searching for him. He hoped he remembered to close his laptop instead of leaving it open to that porn page. He needed to catch his breath.

Of course, Becky didn't let up on her little show that she had started before he left. She started singing a bit as she began again to dance to his music. She captivated Tommy's attention and he was again taken by the writhing and sexy body of his housesitter. As she moved rather briskly to one particular drum beat, sure enough, her bouncing tits caused her left nipple to slightly pop right out of her top. Bingo, Tommy was back on his way to sporting another erection; he was only 18 after all and he could do this all night long. 

After a long few minutes of her amusing herself in the kitchen, and intentionally putting on a show for him, she pronounced that dinner was ready. Tommy tried to shuffle over to the dinner table, hiding the wet spot in his pants. Becky made sure to sit directly across from him, so he could do little but stare at all her exposed cleavage, her bare tummy with her tender young flesh and, of course, her jutting firm tits displaying themselves so nicely without a bra on, she had slipped her nipple back under cover.

Tommy tried not to stare at her and they made small talk. Becky, of course, asked him if he had a girlfriend. Of course, he didn't but he did talk about the one girl, Sally, who he had hung around with for a while. They snuck kisses back stage at the school auditorium. She let him rub against her as they deep French kissed. She even let him shove his hands in her bra as she rubbed his cock to climax. He would never forget that.

After dinner, Becky asked him to turn the music up a bit. She really liked techno and felt in a particularly mischievous mood, as always. They both relaxed back in the living room and she let him get his homework done while she read her glamor magazine. She really liked this one because it had an almost naked woman on the front cover. She made certain that he could see what she was reading knowing this would just reinforce his horniness. She wondered how far she would let it go if he just grabbed her and tried to fuck her right there on the living room floor. "Who knows?" she thought.

As it got a bit later, and with the music playing a particularly gyrating song beat, she stood up and again began to shake and wiggle and writhe to the dance beat. "Dance with me Tommy" she asked. Well, Tommy was terrified. He was afraid that he didn't know how to dance, particularly with an experienced woman of 22 years old. He was also a bit worried she would notice the erection in his pants. He convinced himself that she wouldn't notice, but that was just wishful thinking. Woman certainly have a way of noticing men's crotches and she certainly had her eye on his. "He has a big one" she thought to herself.
