 (Tease, busty, nipples, tits, breasts, first time)

This is a tribute to the beauty of big breasts. Please send comments if you wish me to continue. Enjoy.

*****

So, the next night Becky again returned. This time she was dressed in a light sundress. It was still so very hot that summer and this was something one could just throw on over themselves after, say, freshly leaving the swimming pool with a bikini underneath.

Keith gave her warm smile and thanked her again for coming. He too was beginning to notice what a hot young body she had. Her hips and narrow waist and very prominent breasts caught his eye too, as they would any man's. But he knew he was way older than her and he wouldn't give her another thought, except a bit of an ogle or stare just to take in her beauty. "See you around 11 again, and thanks" he said while leaving.

That night there wasn't much to do about cooking since Keith had ordered them pizza. Becky again mentioned to Tommy how truly hot it was and she needed to cool off. She went over to the air conditioning in the living room and turned the fan up. 

Standing in front of the blower she slipped her dress up and off, over her head. When she turned, Tommy was even more dumbstruck than he ever had been before during her previous visits. 

This time Becky had some very tiny white bikini bottoms on. They were cut very skimpily indeed sitting up between her pussy lips and tightly cupping her lovely round ass. They tied on either side of her hips so just pulling one little string they would drop right off of her. And such sexy wide hips she had too.

On her top she had a tiny white wife-beater t-shirt. You know, the kind with just thin shoulder straps and no sleeves. The thin cotton material was almost pleated and, being so small on her, it stretched out as much as it possibly could across her big jutting breasts. It stretched out so much that the thin pleats were pushed to the breaking point. Being stressed like that it became almost completely transparent. The ultra-soft brown skin of her large areola was quite visible as viewed through the stretched cotton material. 

The top seemed to tent out over her nipples, with the material dropping down off them like a curtain, hanging down just enough to cover the bulk of her tits, leaving her taught little tummy fully naked and exposed. It exposed about 6 inches of her naked flesh above her navel and came down barely enough to cover the bottoms of her round breasts. Her nipples poked out too adding to the tantalizing tenting of her tight top. She was so very tempting and irresistible.

She was indeed a soft young package. A bouncing young spritely lass with a body made for sex, and lots of it. Tommy literally was dumbstruck with his mouth gaping open, yet again, and drool threatening to come out.

"Get with it!" he said to himself. "Snap out of it or she'll get dressed back up again or slap you!" he thought. "Umm...hi Becky. How are you?" he asked.

Becky came up close to him and said "I feel so great! I just love the summer when it's so hot! We're gonna have a great night tonight Tommy. I can just feel it. Just like the other night except tonight we get to have pizza!" she exclaimed youthfully and with excitement in her voice.

"What did she mean by just like the other night?" he thought. He was hoping she might touch him again because he sure as heck enjoyed that yesterday, but he was far too timid to make something like that happen again by himself. He also felt embarrassed about the other night. He could never muster the courage to make physical advances on an older girl like her. I mean he didn't have a clue how life worked, and she was so much more worldly and experienced. He definitely felt way too shy to even try to kiss her let alone make any moves on her. Certainly not on someone as hot as her, he thought.

Becky then took a phone call and chatted enthusiastically with a girlfriend of hers as she paced around the living room. She was so sexy and full of nice energy she was making him hard all over again. Her tits bounced around twice as much as they did the other day. The naked skin of her cleavage, her exposed tummy, her shapely long legs and arms simply made Tommy's skin crawl and his dick throb, and throb. Not to mention the fact that her top was merely draped over her tits, seemingly dangling from her rigid nipples. He reached in his pocket to console his rapidly hardening cock.

Tommy even walked outside a moment to calm himself down. He gazed at her through the windows and couldn't decide what to do, she was making him so hot, so he went and shot a few baskets to distract himself a bit. Well, Becky didn't want him to get away so easily. She wanted to keep teasing him mercilessly. After all, that's why she wore one of the skimpiest and sexiest things she could think of. 

After she hung up the phone, she pinched and rubbed her nipples a bit to make them nice and hard and then followed him outside. Young as he was, he still was a decent display of man-meat to look at, in her opinion.

She came outdoors in her skimpy top and teeny bikini bottoms for all the world to see. Luckily for Tommy they were all alone out in his driveway. She could cause an accident the way she was dressed. Becky enjoyed his acrobatics of shooting and rebounding his own shots. She admired his strong arms and chest. True, he wasn't much of an athlete, but he was still kind of handsome. She remembered just how very large his cock got in his pants the other day. That felt nice too she thought.

After a while, Bobby turned and spied Becky sitting cross-legged on the grass ogling him. Somehow she seemed double as erotic being dressed so scantily and being outside where all of the public could view her. He had no idea why she was out there, after all, he was trying to avoid her a bit. In his mind, he wasn't that important at all. That's how the mind of a timid, shy, introverted teen is like. If he only knew that sometimes women actually check guys out too!

"Oh my God will you look at her?" he asked himself. Her firm tits had such a great shape to them. They jiggled so nicely and poked outward so firmly barely sagging at all. He simply HAD to do something to avoid her. After shooting another few minutes of shots he said, "You're right, it's so damn hot outside. I'm going in." 

As he was just about to close the door Becky hurried up right behind him to catch it from closing. In doing so she once again bumped up against his backside with her tits, except this time, with such a very thin top on, it was as if she was completely naked rubbing up against him. Her soft breasts squished against his back like tender young love pillows begging to be played with.

So, Tommy's cock began to grow yet again. It was getting hard to avoid her in more ways than one. She was just too hot. Maybe he could go upstairs and beat off to those photos he shot of her before and also take a shower? That would calm him down, he thought.

So that's what he did, Tommy went upstairs to shower. He figured he'd do that and then go to his room to look at his photos of her and maybe beat off to calm himself down.

After his shower, he walked to his room with just a towel on and soon heard a knock at his door. "Uh, huh?" he answered. Becky then opened the door and without even being invited in, she stepped in and leaned against the wall, thrusting her tempting chest outward.

"Tommy?" she asked, "I've noticed that you seem to just keep...well, you keep staring at me." She paused for a moment to make him feel uncomfortable. Sure enough, no words came from his mouth. He felt embarrassed again, like he had done something wrong. "Do you like what you see Tommy? Do you like looking at my body Tommy?" Well, Tommy was much too self-conscious to just respond to her. He couldn't just tell her that he lusted after her very much, that he had beat off to his photos of her a zillion times already, that he wanted to grope her just like Julia on the bus, so he just stood there like a deer in headlights, staring away silently.

"Tommy, I don't mind that you look at me. I think I've got a pretty hot body too." She then slid her hands down from her shoulders, down over the rising mounds of her double D-cup tits, and then down below them rubbing her naked belly. "It seems men just love staring at me Tommy, just like you and you know what?" she paused, "I don't mind at all. You can go on looking at me if you like." She then flattened one hand and slid it down between her two breasts, right where a cock would fit nicely. This stretched her top tightly over both her mountainous hooters. That looked so damn delicious!

Tommy was dumbstruck. She was telling him he could openly gawk at her all he wanted. His dick started trembling beneath his towel. He hadn't gotten a chance to beat off and now she was here, prostrating herself before his eyes.

"So, what is it about me Tommy that you like staring at?" she asked while deeply inhaling to expand her chest even more. After a very pregnant pause she continued to ask, "Is it my nice long legs Tommy? Do you like looking at my legs? Some guys are real leg men. I know that. As she said that she bent over a bit to stroke her legs allowing a huge amount of her cleavage to come into view. 

"Or maybe you like looking at my nice round hips?" she said while standing back up again. "Guys also do love my ass. I've been told that before. Guys seem to really love some nicely rounded hips. I have 36-inch hips you know. Something you can really kinda grab on to" she said a bit forcefully which suggested the grabbing and pulling and pounding a guy would give to her if he were fucking the lights out of her.

"Is it my nice smooth belly Tommy? Do you like looking at the naked skin of my tummy or is it my cute little pussy lips that are barely hidden by this teeny tiny bikini bottoms I have on. What is it Tommy? Is it my tummy or my pussy you like to stare at?" He was about to say 'Both' but Tommy was still so dumbstruck he didn't know what to say. His cock continued to rise up.

After another silent pause with only his heavy breathing in the air, she went on to say, "Maybe it's my nice thick lips that you like? A lot of guys say I have an angel's face and lips made for, you know, made for kissing! A sexy angel that should be a model. I've been told that a lot you know Tommy." She pursed her lips and feigned giving him a sultry wet kiss.

Tommy was starting to feel so embarrassed by the conversation that he wanted to go run and hide somewhere. He just didn't know how to respond to such a sexy experienced woman. For an instant, in his head, his arms reached out and grabbed both her tits all at once. But that was only a fantasy in his head.

Finally, she really pushed up her teasing. "I know what. I'll bet you like my tits, don't you Tommy? You like staring at my big full tits, don't you?" She knew she was right and she could see him almost drooling as he stared at her from only a few feet away, his towel tenting out where his dick was rising. "You love looking at these big round, firm melons of mine, don't you?" she said as she cupped her tits and held them for his gaze. "They are a full 34 double-D cup Tommy. They look so much bigger on my petite little frame, don't you think?" With that she squeezed both of them firmly and again passed a hand up between the two of them. This almost pulled her top up and off of both of them.

"Men just drool over them Tommy and I love to show them off. I love to let men caress and squeeze them too. I bet you'd love to, wouldn't you Tommy?" she asked as just her fingertips grasped both her protruding nipples. "I'll bet you'd love to pinch these nipples of mine too, wouldn't you?"

"You know Tommy, I'd like to look at you too. Men are great to look at too you know. Tommy, if you drop your towel, I'll show you my tits for real. Do you want that?" she surprised him by saying. "I will. I really will Tommy. They are just sitting here in my hands waiting for you to look at them. C'mon and drop your towel so I can see you." she teasingly asked as she shook her shoulders.

Well Tommy was simply shocked and dumbfounded. He couldn't put words to what he wanted to say or what he wanted to do. He was paralyzed. All he could do was just do what she asked, so he dropped his towel revealing his hard cock that he immediately grasped in his hand. That was the easy way out. Just like she asked.

"Oh Tommy, you have a lovely cock." she said. Well Tommy had never ever even thought that a woman would say the word 'cock', let alone believe that his cock was somehow pretty. Inside, he thought it was considered ugly but also a source of evil pleasure but he sure as hell wasn't expecting that any woman would find "it" pretty! 

Even though he felt very self-conscious, he could also feel megawatts of lust coursing through his veins. "She is looking at my cock and she likes it!?" he thought. This was so damn erotic he didn't know what to expect next.

Becky then did exactly what she had threatened, she slid her top up and over her tits and Tommy could stare at her sweet young flesh, her firm jutting double D-cup tits. "Fuck!" he thought to himself. "She has got some perfect, perfect, perfect tits! Look at those nipples! Look at her areola! They are so wide and brown, and they look so incredibly soft and inviting. Oh my God she is so perfect!" he thought to himself.

"Do you like how my tits look Tommy?" she teasingly asked him. "They don't really even need a bra you know. Why just look at them!" she said as she let go of them and shook her shoulders. He blushed, but he stared for all he was worth. His cock throbbed a lot more as he began to stroke it. "Guys just love to see anything of my tits they can and, well, they're right here Tommy. Do you like them?" she coyly asked.

"I'll bet you DO like them Tommy" she said like pouring oil onto a fire and as she took a step closer to him. "You've been watching how they jiggle, haven't you? Look how they fill my chest they're so big, and they're also so very soft Tommy. They're so firm you know, and my nipples are so very sensitive." In saying this she slid her fingertips up to pinch both nipples, slightly lifting both luxurious mountains of womanly flesh upwards into the air stretching her nipple flesh. "Well, I don't mind guys staring at me as my tits jiggle wildly from side to side! Are these what you've been looking at Tommy?" she teasingly asked him. 

Becky knew her tits were his heart's desire. She knew he was dying to ravage them. "That's it Tommy. Rub your cock. I'd like to see you do that. You can touch your cock while you look at my nice big tits if you want. Go on. Do it Tommy. I don't mind, in fact I'd love to see you touch that big young cock of yours. I want to see you shoot a huge load of cum for me. I'll bet you can shoot a huge big load, right? Go on and rub yourself as you look at these nice big tits!"

So, Tommy did it. He stroked and rubbed his cock since it felt so good and he sooo needed to do it. His eyes were glued to her chest only just a couple feet away from hit at this point. His eyes were glued to her tiny bikini bottoms covering her juicy little pussy and really nice wide hips. He loved her naked belly, her naked chest. Oh my God he was so in heaven!

"You've always wanted to grab my tits, right?" she asked as she groped both her tits with her slender hands. In fact, her hands were very small for the job of covering her tits; kneading and mauling them like she knew Tommy wanted to do. "You've always wanted to grope them and feel how soft they are, right Tommy? But they ARE soft Tommy. They are really so very large you can't even cover them with one hand and I so love it when someone plays with them. Do you want to play with them Tommy? Do you want to grope my tits? Do you want to pinch and knead and even...well, even ... SUCK on my tits Tommy?" she asked knowing this would make him really, really, really rub his hard cock and also knowing that she was just out of reach of his hands. She was close to him now, but not quite close enough to touch.

"Go on Tommy. Rub that cock! Rub it hard and cum for me! Rub your cock. Imagine that you could suck on my tits, suck on my nipples, abuse and grope and play with my big fucking tits any time you wanted all day long. Go on, SUCK ON MY TITS!!" she screamed while Tommy shot his load, his big, huge fucking load of jizz he shot straight out onto his bedroom floor while his hips rocked, and his knees almost gave out before him.

"Shoot it Tommy. Shoot that cum for me. Oh, that looks so delicious, so beautiful, so fucking great. I know you love me. You shot a whole gallon of spunk and you didn't even touch me Tommy boy. This is so cool!" she screamed.

Well, after shooting his huge load Tommy collapsed on his bed. I mean, he actually collapsed out of control. He was trembling and almost delirious with joy. Exhausted from spewing his load, his limp cock glistening on his thigh. Becky was tempted to go give it a kiss, but instead she dropped her shirt back down, smiled, and turned to go downstairs. "That was SO much fun Tommy. You're so cool" she said as she left.

"Ding dong" went the doorbell, so Becky bounced over to it to discover the pizza delivery guy was there. The fresh hot pizzas smelled so very good and then it dawned on her, Becky was dressed very skimpily to great some stranger at the door. And then an idea popped into her head. Keith had given her $50 for the pizzas and she sure could use that money for herself. She also quickly noticed, once she had opened the door, that the pizza guy was at a lack of words, he was simply gawking at her mountainous jiggling tits jutting firmly outward under her thin tank top.

"Ummm...hi there" she sprightly said. The man answered with a feeble "Hi there...wow." Well, Becky knew what his 'wow' meant. She was also certain that Tommy was nowhere around, so she then suggested, "Hey, you know I could really use that money for these pizzas to buy more clothes. I mean, just look at me. That was a very devilish question to ask. Could you...well...maybe sort of forget about me paying for these pizzas? Maybe you could say that you dropped them or something?"

While the guy was just beginning to think it over, she stepped very close to him and added, "Well, I noticed that you seem to really like what you see. I mean...you really seem to like looking at me. I mean...you really seem to like looking at my nice...big...tits!" As she said that she circled both of them from the sides, pulling the tank top really tightly to her chest which only made her tits look even more mountainous. Perfectly sculpted by the then stretched cotton shirt.

"I've got an idea. You know, I'll let you touch them all you want for five minutes if you'll forget about me paying for the pizzas. Is that OK?" she asked as she stepped even more forward almost poking his eyes out with her tits-of-steel. The lucky guy didn't even have to think twice about her offer. They already had a policy of what to do if somehow something went wrong with a delivery, some sort of accident and he sure as heck knew what he wanted to do with her! 

"Ohhhh...baby, I think that's a GREAT idea, but you've also got to let me, well, you know, you've GOT to let me suck on them too!" Well, Becky absolutely loved having her tits sucked on. They were very sensitive, but not in a bad way. It didn't disturb her at all to have them abused, pinched, sucked or manhandled. "Sure!" she confidently responded.

Well, it didn't' take but a few seconds for him to scoop his hands under her draping top to grasp both her big hooters in his hands. "Baby these are some fucking great hooters you've got here. These are SOOoo big. Ummm...pfhhh" he mumbled as he latched on to her soft flesh. "Well, it's 6:04 so you've got 5 minutes honey. GO for it!"
