 Please read 'What a Night' to see how Becky and Steve met.

When Becky got back to her room after being in training all day, she saw the message light was on and hoped that it was Steve telling her to call when she arrived. She called and Steve was in her room in five minutes, kissing her and telling her what a wonderful evening they were going to have. 

Steve took Becky to the Southern Aire restaurant, which was only a short walk from the hotel. It had been a favorite of Steve's ever since he had assignments in Springfield. Becky liked the ambience of the restaurant and also noticed that they had the best looking waitresses that she'd ever seen; she also noticed that many of them called Steve by his first name. Once seated, Steve ordered appetizers and wine for them and suggested two different entrees for Becky to choose from. Becky chose the prime rib and Steve had the New York steak. Becky asked if he had ever dated any of the waitresses. Steve was very forthright and said yes he'd dated many of them but never had a second date with any for a variety of reasons. Becky seemed pleased that she was with Steve for the second night. The meal was wonderful, conversation great as it was the night. All during the meal time, Becky had her hand on Steve's arm and her leg was caressing his leg in a very sensuous manner. It was hard for Steve to control his throbbing member with all the touching Becky was doing. When his cock had subsided, he suggested that they go back to the hotel through the park. As they had the night before, they stopped several times to enjoy very deep kisses that were an indication of what love making was in store for them back at the hotel.

When they entered Becky's room, Steve asked if he could undress her. Becky obliged by raising her hands over her head so that Steve could pull her sweater off. Steve knew and so did every man in the restaurant all during dinner that Becky was not wearing a bra that night and that her nipples were hard as rocks pointing thru that thin sweater. Her breasts were so inviting that Steve stopped and sucked both of them until her nipples became so hard Becky said stop or they would explode. Steve then unhooked the skirt and noticed that Becky was also not wearing any underwear (the previous night she had on a small thong). Her pussy looked so great that he immediately fingered her and found she was very, very wet and smelled delicious. 

A press on her clit and Becky moaned so loud that everyone in the hotel could hear. Becky said please take her quickly. Steve moved her so that she was bent over the bed face down, he grabbed her hips and inserted his rock hard cock into her with such a force it took her breath away. Becky said she never had it this way and demanded that he pump her until she screamed. For the next ½ hour, Steve pushed into her and Becky pushed her hips back to accept his cock. Becky's orgasms were different tonight, he could feel her shake and squeeze but not with the intensity of last night – she felt wonderful and soon was screaming for him to spray her insides with his hot cum. That was all Steve needed and he flooded her pussy with his precious sperm and made sure it was deposited so far inside Becky that it would stay in her for quite a while, if not forever.

Becky climbed into bed and asked Steve to hold and kiss her. They drifted off to sleep for about an hour when Steve felt her sucking him back to life. Becky asked him to take her while she was standing. Steve picked her up, let her slide down onto his cock, asked her to wrap her legs around him and then pumped her up and down his cock. Becky said that his cock was touching the top of her pussy and Steve responded by saying that he could feel her pussy sucking the tip of his cock. After 15 minutes of this, Steve suggested a new position; Becky laid on top of the bed face up with her legs on the floor, Steve positioned himself standing in front of her and directed his cock at her gaping pussy; because of all the love making, Becky's pussy was formed as though Steve's cock was still in there and was wide open for his cock. The pressure of Steve's cock on the front of her vagina put Becky over the edge with just 3 thrusts. Becky again asked Steve to hold and kiss her while her orgasm subsided.

After she regained her composure, Becky said that she and some of her female friends had watched a porn video and that the woman being fucked was riding her man with her back to him – she asked could we try that position? Steve took a few minutes to regain his hardness but then lay on his back and told Becky to climb aboard. She positioned her pussy right over his cock, slid down to his balls and then got on her knees and leaned forward so that Steve was looking right at her ass but with full sight of his cock sliding in and out of Becky's warm pussy. Becky said she thought this is what she and her friends saw in the porn video and that the woman wasn't faking when she said the feeling was wonderful. Becky's pussy started to tighten as it had the previous night and squeeze Steve's cock to the point where he couldn't have pulled it out if he wanted to. Becky then lay back on Steve so that she could enjoy her fourth orgasm of the night. Steve had only sprayed her once during these fuckings and could feel that his balls had replenished their valuable supply of sperm.

He asked Becky if he could pump her with both of her legs locked over his shoulders so that he could get maximum depth for the release of his cum. Becky looked at him and no words were exchanged but both knew that whatever position Steve wanted Becky would accommodate him. When Steve had her just in the right position, he started slowly pushing and then pulling his cock out of her pussy. The feeling for both of them was very intense; he then pumped faster still pulling his cock completely out of her pussy before reentering it on the downward thrust. Although Steve wanted this to last for hours, after 45 minutes he could feel that he could not hold back the cum but wanted to climax at the same time Becky did. He thought he could feel her starting her orgasm when she said, "Cum inside me, fill me with that wonderful baby juice and let me hold it inside me forever."

Steve's cock starting spurting and Becky's pussy sucked it in to the deepest part of her vagina. Her pussy was holding his cock so tight that Steve was locked there for at least an hour before he could pull back a little. Becky took this as a sign that it was her turn to pump him and rolled over on top for another solid hour of prime fucking.

After her next orgasm, they fell asleep with Steve buried inside her until they awakened the next morning. It was Friday and they would both be heading back to their home towns that afternoon. Steve asked if he could take her to dinner every night the following week and he wanted her to come to his apartment when they had to leave Springfield the following Friday.