 I knew before meeting my girlfriend that she had dabbled in some sexual experiments and what not. Things like sex with women, threesomes and the occasional public masturbation. Even though you could say she had been around the block a few times, I wasn't totally expecting her to be as straightforward about asking me if she could meet another man as she was.

You see, when we first started living together, simply being bored, or being overly horny for that matter, would lead us to putting some porn on the t.v. The sounds of moaning and groaning (and spanking), would fill the room while we made out and touched each other. This would all lead to some heavy sweaty sex on the couch most of the time, and sometimes lead to the bedroom. Either way, watching porn and having sex was always a good time.

The porn we watched was pretty vanilla. Sometimes it would be one on one, and others, 2 guys and a girl, or 2 girl and a guy. 

On this one particular night though, we had been scrolling down a list of porn videos to watch, and she had accidentally picked one before reading what it was about. No big deal. It's porn, and i'm horny, right?

We started fondling each other while the movie started and things began getting a little heated between the man and the woman on screen. All of a sudden, the 2 of them get into a car and head off to meet someone new. 

Now normally i would half-listen to the conversation in the movie but for some reason, this time, I just wasn't paying attention.

While the next scene begins, and the couple arrives at a restaurant, my girlfriend props herself on her knees in front of my and begins to undo my pants. This is all i want, I thought to myself. A nice, slow, wet blowjob.

The movie continued as my girl proceeded to give me a damn fine blowjob. She had told me previously that she wasn't really into giving blowjobs that much. She explained to me that one of her ex boyfriends had gone too far one time, jamming his dick down her throat, essentially choking her. It was a bad experience for her, and ever since then, she hasn't truly trusted a man with his dick in her mouth.

This time was different though. I guess she figured she'd give it another try. She did an amazing job if I do say so myself.

I watched as the onscreen couple met up with another man at a restaurant. The woman then disappeared with the man, leaving the boyfriend behind. He wandered around looking for them and eventually found the pair loitering outside by his car.

All this while my girlfriend was eagerly feeding off of my dick. Clearly this was turning her on.

After she had had enough of sucking, i had her bend over the couch, and went ahead and essentially made that blowjob worth her while.

We fell asleep together on the couch afterwards.

When i woke up the next morning, she was in the shower. I could hear the water dripping as she hummed to herself.

I made breakfast as I usually do every saturday morning, and she joined me at the table after she was dried off. We spoke about what we had planned for the day and she asked me about what I thought of the porn video we watched the night before.

I had to be honest with her, so, i told her that it was alright, but something with a little more action would have been better. 

This is where things escalated quickly. She admitted to me that picking that movie wasn't a mistake, but rather a way for her to gauge my reaction. Why? Because it's something that she had been wanting to try.

She explained to me that she didn't think I was a bad lover, but that the thought of something, or someone different turned her on.

This took a while for me to process. My girlfriend wants to go meet another guy at a bar, and run away with him back to his place for sex, and then come back to me afterwards.

A hard pill to swallow to say the least, but, she was very convincing while she was on her knees for me again. She knows my weak spot. Good girl.

I agreed to play her game, thinking she wouldn't actually go for it, and asked her how this would work. She simply said to follow her lead.

************

I got home late from work one night and she was in the shower, as usual. I made my way to the bedroom to drop off my bag and found some of her clothes laying on the bed. I decided to take a closer look and found that what she had layed out was some of her most revealing clothing. You know, the kind of clothes she wears when we go out together and she wants me to ravage her at the end of our night out. The kind of clothes that would make me, or any man for that matter, want to take her right there on the bar.

What was she planning? Were we going out tonight? I didn't know we had made plans. It does happen quite often though that I'm not aware of any plans she makes for us for the weekend, so I wasn't overly suspicious.

She walked out of the shower and into the bedroom to find me looking through the clothing she had taken out, and smiled at me.

"So? What do you think? Black or red?" she asked, wanting me to choose between the two petite dresses laid out in front of me.

"Red. Definitely red. Love the red one," i told her. "You made plans?"

"Well, I thought it might be a good idea for us to have a night out tonight. Let loose a little. Is that okay with you?"

I nodded in agreement as she smiled at me shyly.

"I'll go get ready," i told her.

I jumped in the shower while she was running around the house getting ready. She had somehow managed to finish prepping herself by the time i was done. She stood before me in that petite red dress. It hugged her body in all the right places. She even went as far as wearing the low-hanging necklace I had bought her for Christmas the year before. It hung just low enough to brush her cleavage. Gorgeous. Just gorgeous. I was already thinking about what i was going to do to her once we got home later that night.

I asked her where we were going and she told me she had booked a table for two at our favorite resto-bar downtown. Not too shabby of a place, but a night out is a night out.

**************

We got to the bar and were greeted and seated by a very kind gentleman. He handed us our menus and as usual we took our time choosing what it was that we wanted to eat. We are both very indecisive people, and picky to say the least, so it took quite a while.

Afterwards, we decided to go have a seat at the bar and have a few drinks to end our night.

We were talking and laughing as usual when i noticed that she was peering over my shoulder a lot, half smiling when she did so. Something had grabbed her attention and it was a rare occurrence. Our conversations are usually pretty intense, so the fact that she had been distracted so easily had me wondering what was going on.

I turned to take a look behind me to see what or who had caught her eye.

There he was, a young man sitting at the end of the bar, casually returning the shy smiles my girlfriend was throwing his way. He was maybe 25 or so, and we were in our early 30s.

Was this it? Was this why she wanted to have a night out? To find someone to flirt with and possibly make love to? No. She didnt want to make love. She wanted to get fucked. 

I turned back to look her in the eyes and raised my eyebrows, looking for confirmation that what i thought was going on really was.

"Please?" she said, making puppy eyes.

"Go," I replied immediately.

The thought of her being with another man had made my stomache turn the night before. Why was it so easy for me to give her permission to go over to this guy? Maybe I was subconsciously into this whole thing after all. Maybe I wanted it to happen.

She slowly got up from the bar and made her way to him, taking a seat next to him, facing away from me. 

I could hear them talking in low voices and she was giggling, but i couldnt make out exactly what was being said. 

They sat there and spoke for about an hour. He looked at me multiple times, shooting me what can only be described as sly, conniving smiles. 

I moved my eyes lower and could see that this stranger's hand was now resting on her leg as he listened to her with complete attentiveness.

I ordered myself another drink. A double. Going to need to take the edge off if what i think is going to happen actually happens.

After some more time had passed, she returned to sit next to me at the bar, and didnt say a word.

"So?" I said.

She looked me in the eyes and smiled shyly.

She stood from her seat and took me by the hand, leading me outside of the bar. On our way out, i noticed that the stranger was no longer there.

She led me across the street to a hotel and without any explanation, took me into the elevator.

We got off when we reached the 4th floor and stood infront of the elevator as the doors closed behind us. She gave me a kiss and turned around to knock on the door adjacent to the elevator.

The door opened, and there he was. Tall, shirtless, muscular.

Without looking back at me, she walked passed him and into the room. I began following her when he raised his hand and stopped me in my tracks.

"Sorry, mate. Men only," he said, "have a good night."

He closed the door, leaving me standing there confused.

I was imagining, at the least, to be able to sit in the corner and watch this man have his way with her. To watch them let their frustrations out on each other sexually. 

Disappointed, and a little jealous, i turned around and began to walk away from the door when i heard her moan. I stopped in my tracks, just for a second, to listen for anything else. Nothing. I stepped into the elevator.

"You like that, slut?" I heard him say as the elevator door closed in front of me.

*******

Home wasn't too far from the hotel, so I decided to walk. In that short time though, my mind raced, and I conjured up images of my girl and this mystery man having sex in his hotel room.

So many questions i needed to be answered. Who was he? Is he a local guy who rents hotels to fuck other men's women? Is he sane? Is he treating her well? Is she safe? But more importantly, for me apparently, how is he fucking her? Is she submitting fully to him? Is he making her squirt? Is he fucking her rough?

I couldn't control my mind. I needed to relax somehow.

I walked through the apartment door, headed straight to the fridge, and popped open a can of beer. I made my way to the couch and plopped myself down, taking a nice long sip as I did. I hoped that this beer would calm my nerves.

I had drank 3 or 4 beers by the time I was able to relax enough to pass out on the couch. It had been 3 hours now, and she still wasnt home. 

"He must be amazing in bed," I thought to myself as I shut my eyes and passed out where I first sat down to drink.

***************

I slowly woke up, probably a few more hours later, to a strange feeling. The kind of feeling I usually get when I first become aroused. That feeling that kind of takes your breath away a little and sends a warm tingly feeling through your dick. Love that feeling.

Slowly, I opened my eyes. There on her knees, dick in hand, looking up at me, was my girl. Finally back home. Waking me up in the best way she knew how. With a blowjob.

She smiled at me and got to sucking. I moaned deeply.

"Talk to me," I instructed her. I knew what she wanted to do. Tell me about how her night was while she got me off. She knew I wanted to know about it too.

"He was fantastic," she began. "Pretty big too," she said in between sucks.

"How many times did you cum for him?" I asked, in between moans.

"I dont know."

"How did he fuck you?" I pried.

She didnt answer that question. Not with words anyways.

She reached for her phone and handed it to me. I unlocked it, and the first thing I saw was a "play" button. This couldn't be real. A video of them fucking? Was she kidding me?

"Are you serious?" i asked.

"Enjoy," she said with a wink as she took my entire length down her throat.

I let out a deep groan as I pressed the play button and began watching their night of pleasure. She was right, he was pretty big. Quite a bit bigger than me. Muscular, and strong.

Throughout the whole time they were together, she was completely submitted to him. Fulfilling his every demand. She was literally his piece of meat to fuck.

I had never fucked her like that, or made her moan and scream like that. I was very jealous of the sex they were having, but oh so turned on at the same time.

My favorite part came at the end. She was laying on her back with her legs wide open for this man. He was slowly thrusting in and out of her pussy, balls deep, while she slowly rubbed her clit. It took a while to get there, but her legs ultimately began trembling and she began cumming on his dick. Her moans getting louder as she rubbed her clit furiously. He was still thrusting slowly. All of a sudden, he took her by the neck and began choking her. This is what threw her over the edge. As he did this, she began to squirt all over him, and moan like some kind of wild animal.

He told her what a slut she was and how good that felt while she was squirting.

"I'm going to cum babe," I warned her.

Then, as if she knew exactly what i needed, she slowly took my dick down her throat balls deep once again, and stayed there as I let out a deep groan, followed by another.

I grabbed her head to hold it in place as I made one rough deep thrust into her throat and let out my load. Felt like a bigger load than usual, and like a good girl she swallowed every last drop.

She slowly came up, looking like she clearly had trouble swallowing that much cum.

Looking at me, she smiled.

"Slut."