 Living near the lakes in the mid-west brings lots of visitors to the area. The little mom and pop fishing resort my ex and I use to manage catered to many of the visitors, mostly men. We found out early in the business that when these men were away on their trips that pussy was on their mind as much or more than fishing. 

We managed the little bar and grill along with about 8 cabins. We had seasonal help with housekeeping wait staff etc. We were in our early 30's both in good shape. She is 5-8, 125, 34b/c huge nipples that were hard to contain at times, as they would show through her bra and tube tops, incredibly attractive. She was in charge of all the staff, housekeeping and bar area and myself all the grounds and maintenance. Being on the lake, there were shorts and summer clothing showing lots of skin all adding to the sexual tension. My wife loved the attention of men, with endless flirting and teasing...all harmless in her words. 

Our repeat guests always expected their hug from her when either arriving or leaving. It was easy to see that many of the men took advantage of the hugs and her kindness. One night in bed I mentioned that I had overheard a few of them talk about getting into her pants and cautioned her about being "overly friendly", she told me she liked the attention and to get used to it, that she was not about to stop her flirting. The sex after that was very hot, I'm sure she was fantasizing about what I had told her, as there were those that I could see she was very attracted to. I was a bit jealous but in my own way became turned on thinking about her being fucked by some of these guys. She became much more sexual and wild in bed, so I just went with it all not being one to fuck up the great sex.

Late one night while I was bartending a few of our repeats were getting a good buzz on in the bar when one guy in the group asked me if I ever got jealous of her flirting and guys coming on to her. I told him that I brought her flirting up to her and cautioned her about some of the men taking it the wrong way. I told him she liked the attention and that I did have twinges of jealousy but was turned on by it. He told me then that I/we should be careful because anyone of the group would fuck her at the drop of a hat. Later when crawling into bed she asked how the night went and I told her about his comments but didn't tell her who it was, that really turned her on, we fucked like teenagers. She asked who it was again in the morning and I told her she would have to guess and figure it out on her own. She dressed showing more skin and cleavage to see if she could figure out who it was that wanted to fuck her.

She helped with the housekeeping a few days a week and this morning was one of those days. Close to noon, she corned me in one of the out buildings and attacked me giving me a hot and nasty blow job, telling me she figured out who it was that I talked with the night before, as she was cleaning his room and found a fresh load of cum in a tissue that was left on the night stand. Well with my cock in her mouth I confessed she was right. She finished jacking me off shooting my load on her tits then asked me what I thought. I told her she was a big girl and to be careful and discreet. She turned to walk out telling me she was going to let my cum dry on her tits and see if he would notice the dried white stuff. 

The rest of the day was a blurr, I had butterflies and knots in my stomach wondering what would happen. The group came in from fishing catching a limit of walleye and were in a mood to party. They came into the bar where she and I were having a beer, they told us of their good luck and asked for a hug, she came around the bar to hug them...where he noticed the dried cum immediately making a comment of her being lucky too, when she replied luck had nothing to do with it that she was good at what she did. Her hug lasted a bit longer then had to hug the others with the same passion.

After a few beers and a lot of sexual innuendoes I had to get back to work, leaving my wife with these horn dogs. It was shortly after I left that the whole group went to change and shower for the bbq. My wife found me, gave me a sexy kiss telling me she loved me and hoped I wouldn't get mad at what might happen tonight asking if I could handle anything sexual that might come up. She said it was all my fault telling him all I had and that if I had any reservations to say so now. I assured her I was ok with whatever might happen but be safe and discreet. With that out in the open she said she was going to shower and get ready for whatever the night brings. 

The night started out as it left off...one hell of a party. My wife smoked on occasion and tonight was one of those nights. It was late and many had gone to bed, my wife went out to have a smoke and her friend joined her...the smoke seemed to last much longer than her usual smoke...and not being totally dumb figured they were enjoying a bit of time together. As I was cleaning up, they came in to the bar laughing and giggling...she came over giving me a kiss that had the remains of cum on her breath and lips...as I had tasted my own cum in the same way from her, he looked at me in a funny way...(wondering if I could taste cum on her breath I'm sure) She told me to call it a night that she would lock up and close things down that our friend would help with the heavy stuff.

I kissed her goodnight, told em to have fun. She came in about 4am woke me to give me a nasty kiss and to thank me for leaving when I did, she smelled of booze, cigarette's and cum. She was worn out and fell to an instant sleep. Well the perv in me had to know so I fingered her pussy which was full of cum, tasted it and slowly beat off imagining the sex they had and slowly drifted off to sleep. That morning she came out late and a little sheepish, asking me if I was mad at her I told her I was not mad and that I loved her even more for being so confident, but asked her to use a rubber next time, of which she agreed.

This was the first of many men that fucked her and became the start of a 15 year hot-wife lifestyle with the last few years being more of a hotwife/cuckold type of relationship.