 So a week later I found myself driving home, strangely at piece with what I was. I was a slut. And not just any slut, I was Jakes slut.

I didn't go home, but went directly to Jakes house. As soon as I climbed out of the car the door swung open and Jake was standing there glaring at me.

"Where the hell have you been!" He demanded, running down the stairs. "Do you have any idea how worried everyone has been?"

I put up my hand for him to stop, which he didn't. Instead he pulled me into his arms, hugging me tight. I could hear him mumbling that I was alright, as if he had to hear it as well as see it.

"I needed time to think." I said against his chest. He pulled back and instantly I could see the fear in his eyes.

"Don't' you EVER pull a stunt like that again! If you don't want me around fine, but don't ever runaway like that. You're mom has issued a missing persons report for gods sake!"

You have to love mothers. 

"I already talked to her. I called on my way here."

"You haven't been home yet?" I shook my head. I'd needed to come here first. Needed to figure out what my future was going to be like.

"I needed to see you." He stepped back, watching me carefully. "I think we need to talk."

"You didn't want to talk."

"I was in shock. I mean, finding out you've just fucked your brother and that it wasn't the first time is a shock you know. Not to mention finding out your brother and dad made a cream pie sandwich out of you in front of 28 other people."

"I can see that."

This was the hard part. And he wasn't making it easy.

"Did you mean what you said?"

"Which part?"

"That you wanted me to stay?"

His nose flared, his jaw crunched and the next thing I knew I was over his shoulder and he was running into the house. He stormed up the stairs, directly to his bedroom and threw me on the bed. Before I could move I was tied down, spread eagle. When I tried to protest a ball gag was shoved into my mouth.

Then he produced a knife and started cutting away my clothes. When I was completely naked he unzipped himself, and pulled out his hard cock. 

With in seconds he was on top of me, plunging all of himself into me hard.

"You are never leaving me again." He said between hard thrusts. "I own this cunt, its mine." And he sat about proving it to me.

His sweater rubbed against my nipples as he moved fast over me. His zipper stabbed into my clit with each thrust. And my body knew it was home.

With in minutes I was cumming around him, begging him for more. Which of course he gave me. He pounded into me hard, claiming me all over again. I could feel him growing even more inside me as I milked his cock. Then he came deep in my womb, pushing himself as deep as he could before collapsing on me.

When he finally got his breath under control he leaned up his elbows and looked down at me.

"My slut." He bit my collar bone as he slowly started to thrust again. I couldn't believe he was still hard!

"From now on you are going to be chained to this bed until I knock you up. Then we are getting married." My eyes grew big. This was not at all what I had been expecting you see. I thought he just wanted a convenient slut around, not a wife. "Don't get me wrong, you'll still be my slut. I'll use you how ever I want to, when ever I want to.  And I'll share you with who ever I want to."

I shook my head, wanting to add some conditions here.

"But I won't be sharing you with your family ever again." I looked into his eyes and saw that he meant that. "I never wanted to hurt you. Not like that. Your brother and I arranged this shortly after you came back from college. I took one look at you and knew I couldn't wait another day."

"But I had to make sure you could be what I needed you to be." He smiled down at her, still moving over me. "And you were. You were so much more than I expected." 

He removed the ball gag and kissed me hard. As for me, I was on cloud nine. 

"Oh Jake, I love you so much." Then I kissed him with everything I had. 

I heard him grunt, felt his arms tighten around me. 

"I'll do what ever you want me to, be what ever you want me to."

"Just be with me."

"Oh I am."

Then he released me and fucked me the rest of the night. 

After that he kept his word and fucked me until I was pregnant. No matter where he fucked me he always made sure to cum in my cunt. We didn't wait for the pregnancy to get married though. Instead we got married that week and then got down to the baby making business. 

Others joined in of course, but they weren't allowed near my cunt. In the last five years we've had three children, two boys and a little girl. Jake is such a sucker for them all.

Jake still fucks me silly, often sharing me with his colleagues, though none of them are allowed near his cunt. My breasts are now permanently enlarged thanks to our children and Jake loves taking charge of the breast pump. Trust me, he gives it a whole new meaning.

All in all I'm happy. I have a great man, get fucked at least three times a day and have a wonderful family. We have a gang bangs every 3-4 months now, at least not when I'm pregnant. 

We've cut down the number of them. Jake tells me that I know them all but he won't tell me who they are. Even if he did he alternates who he invites to fuck his slut, so it's not the same men every time. 

Every once in a while I'm in town and a man will look at me a certain way and I wonder if I've fucked him. Not that it really matters, I'll fuck anyone for Jake.

And I finally made piece with my family so occasionally my dad and brother will join in (only with my permission of course). You should have seen Jakes face when I told him I wanted to try it again. You could tell he was completely turned on and arranged it for the next night.

My dad and brother didn't say anything to me. And I have to admit I didn't feel related to them when they were fucking me. Instead I am just a cum slut for them to use. Although dad did give me a spanking I'll always remember. 

Mom still doesn't know what is going on. Or maybe she does. Moms have a way of knowing everything. Just as she knew that Jake was the only man that could make me happy.