 The fact that it wasn't really my fault (honest - it wasn't) didn't seem to mean a damn thing to my wife. She decided to punish me anyway and in doing so she just may have ended our marriage.

I have two problems, neither of which I can do anything about. The first is relatively minor and easily controlled - I can't hold my liquor. I have a low tolerance for alcohol and it doesn't take a lot to fuck me up. Like I said, easily controlled, all I have to do is not drink, but I like to have a good time as much as the next guy so at parties I'll usually have one or two drinks and nurse them all night except for sometimes when I don't and then I end up shitfaced.

The other problem is a lot more serious and there is nothing, and I do mean nothing - short of self-mutilation - that I can do about it. I have a big cock. My cock soft is 8 3/4 inches. Hard it can grow to 13 1/4 inches in length with a circumference of 7 inches and when fully erect it has been know to make some girls faint. Before you jump up and say, "Wow, that's a problem I wouldn't mind having" let me tell you "Oh yes you would."

The saying that size matters is only true up to a point. Once you reach that point the saying is still true, but on the negative side of the scale. More women are afraid to try a cock of my size than are willing to give it a shot. From the time I was eighteen until my twenty-fifth birthday my cock had been in the hands and mouths of over a hundred and twenty-five females, but I was still technically a virgin. Oh they all wanted to see it, to touch it and even to make it cum, but I had never had a piece of ass. No one would let me put it in them. I was a sideshow freak that all the women wanted to see. They told their friends and their friends told friends and my phone rang off the hook with women calling me and asking me for a date only to push me away when I tried to get into their pants. Why did I continue to put up with it? Because eventually I hoped to find a woman who wouldn't say, "You're not putting that thing in me."

On my twenty-fifth birthday my brother threw me a party. Because the party was for me and I felt I had an obligation to socialize and talk to everyone there I stuck to drinking ginger ale. About an hour into the party a very attractive women who had come to the party with my cousin Lou came up to me and asked, "Is what they say about you true?"

Here it comes I thought and said, "And just what is it that you have heard?"

"That you are a very good dancer" and she offered me her arm. We danced and made the usual small talk and she held her distance so as not to come in contact with the erection that she just had to know that I had. When the song was over I walked her back to the table where Lou was sitting and thanked her for the dance. Half an hour later she came up to me again, "I'm not used to having to do this."

"Not having to do what?"

"Ask men to dance with me. Usually I have to beat them off with a stick."

I smiled at her and them moved out onto the dance floor, "I'm sorry that you are feeling neglected, but I don't make a habit of messing with another man's date."

"Oh. Well, Lou is not really my date. He is just a friend and I'm with him tonight to see if I can satisfy a curiosity."

"And that would be?"

"To see for myself if what I've been hearing is true."

"And if it is?"

"If it is baby, we can make some beautiful music together."

"You will have to pardon me for saying this, but I've heard this song way too many times and the music always turns out to sound like a scratched and cracked record."

"I've heard that too, but there always has to be a first time, doesn't there?"

When I walked her back to her table she slipped me a piece of paper and said, "Call me."

I spent two days debating whether or not I should call Leslie. I knew that I had to keep trying to find some one, but even so I was tired of not getting anywhere. I finally decided to make the call and we made a dinner date for the next night. When I arrived at her apartment I was surprised when she met me at the door in a bathrobe. She asked me in and then she said, "We both know what this is all about and I don't see any sense in wasting time, do you?" She dropped her robe and showed me her naked body. "Okay, you can see what I'm bringing to the party. Let's see what you have." She led me into her living room and sat down on the couch and watched me while I undressed. 

Her body had the desired effect and I was rock hard when my cock finally came into view. "Oh my" she said, "I'd heard, but I never believed. Bring it to me." 

I walked over to her and she took it in both hands and stroked it. She fondled my balls and then she took it in her mouth and simultaneous sucked on it and jacked me off. After a minute she stopped and asked, "Are you good for more than once?" 

I nodded a yes and she went back to sucking on me. Another couple of minutes and I was ready to shoot and I told her, but all she did was grip me harder and clamp her lips tight. She did her best to swallow it all, but some dribbled out of her mouth and down her chin. When she was done she said, "If you are going to put that thing in me I'm going to have to be really wet. Do you eat pussy?" 

I smiled to myself as I told her that I did. I'd been down this road before. Give me the blow job to get me off and keep me happy, get your pussy eaten to get you off and then the "Oh I can't let you put that big thing in me" and curiosity satisfied, usher me out the door. But fair is fair, she had gotten me off so I felt I owed her something.

She was very responsive and vocal as I ate her and she had an orgasm before she pushed me away. By that time I was hard again and she looked down at my cock and then up at my face and then she said the words that I had known would be coming, "I don't think I can get that in me" but then came the surprise, "at least not without some help." She got up and left the room and a few minutes later she hollered at me to come into the bedroom. When I got there she was lying on the bed, legs spread and was working on her pussy with a tube of KY Jelly. "Take your time baby. Be patient, go easy and try not to pay attention if I scream." 

I looked at her amazed - she was going to do it - she was actually going to try and do it! 

It took me almost twenty minutes to work my way into her, another five minutes to work up a rhythm that didn't hurt her and then I tried not to be a race horse as she had climax after climax and then she dug her nails in my as and said, "Go for it baby, fuck me as hard as you can. Cum for me baby, cum for me." It was a Friday night and neither of us had to work the next day. We never left her apartment or bothered to get dressed until Sunday afternoon and we were married six months later.

That was five years ago. The marriage was not all champagne and roses. For one thing there were tons of women who wanted to see what I had. Most of them had no interest in trying it, but they did want to see it. More than once at a party Leslie would walk into a room where I would be sitting in a chair after having way too much to drink. My cock would be towering up out of my pants and some sweet young thing would be looking at it or touching it. Words would be said, the sweet young thing (or the not so sweet, not so young woman) would run from the room and I'd go a week with Leslie not talking to me. She knew how I got when I drank and she also knew that I never chased after other women, but that didn't make it any easier on me.

About six weeks ago Leslie finally had enough. She came into a room where I was sitting in a chair, barely coherent, while two women were looking at and stroking my cock. Leslie didn't even come into the room, she just turned on her heels and walked away. The two women looked at each other, giggled, and then went back to taking turns sucking my cock until I came. Then they took turns licking the cum off my dick, tucked it away and left me there to fall asleep.

The next day as I was suffering through a hangover and sitting at the kitchen table sipping black coffee Leslie sat down across from me and handed me a piece of paper.

"What's this?"

"That hubby dear, is your punishment. I am sick and tired of things like what happened last night and I'm not listening to any more bullshit about how it isn't your fault. You know what happens when you drink, but you drink anyway. You get yourself into these situations and then you expect me to just shrug it off. Well, I'm not going to do it anymore. It is time to teach you a lesson. There are seventeen names on that list and they all have expressed an interest in your equipment. Your punishment is that you have to fuck everyone on that list before I will let you make love to me again."

For the first time I felt fear. "You know I can't do that! You know that even though they say they want it once they see it they won't let it touch them. You are telling me that you will never have sex with me again."

"Well hubby dear, you better hope that you can convince them otherwise. You don't get to touch me again until you have nailed everyone on that list" and then she got up and left me sitting there.

Some punishment, right? Just go out and make love to seventeen good looking and desirable women. Except that Leslie knew that it was impossibility. I went through over a hundred women before I found her and now I was supposed to go out and do seventeen in a row? Not fucking likely. Then there was the fact that half the women on the list were married. No, Leslie had given me an impossible task and we both knew it.

It didn't take long for me to find out that Leslie meant it when she said that I wasn't going to have sex with her. I tried for a week and all I got was "How are you coming with your list?" as she pulled away from me. It was another three weeks before I finally came to accept that Leslie meant what she had said. I got the list out and separated it into four different categories:

- Single, unattached (3) - Single, dating friends (4) - Single, engaged to be married (1) - Married, (9)        I started on the single, unattached list and I didn't do too bad as far as getting relief was concerned. I got two blow jobs, a hand job and one girl asked me for a second date, but it turns out that she just liked the way that I ate pussy. She was willing to give me all the blow jobs I wanted, but she wouldn't even consider letting me try to fuck her. Since Leslie had cut me off and blow jobs were better than nothing I began to date Cindy on the nights that I wasn't trying to get to some one else on the list. The last name on the list turned out to have moved to Seattle and when I told Leslie she allowed me to cross the name off the list. I asked here how much longer she was going to make me suffer. "You know the terms - fuck them or you don't get to fuck me."  I had thought when this thing started that she would just make me sweat for a while, then make me promise to be good and we would get back to enjoying our sex life again. But it had been over a month and she still wasn't having anything to do with me in the bedroom.

I knew it was a lost cause because Leslie's terms were that I had to screw ALL of them and I had already failed on the first three names. Now it was going to get even harder because all that were left were girls who were going with friends of mine or married women. But all I could do was try so Leslie could see that I was trying and hope that soon she would say, "Okay, enough is enough. Have you learned your lesson?" 

I couldn't call up my friends girlfriends and ask them out - what I had to do was catch the girl alone. It took some doing to find out where they went when they were alone and manage to be there, but I did manage it with all four of them. I did manage a blow job and three hand jobs, but I got nowhere near getting my cock into one of them.

The next one on the list was Robin. Robin was a four foot ten inch sex bomb and I just knew I was wasting my time on some one so little.  She was engaged to be married and that was another thing that told me I was wasting my time. But Robin was a surprise. We went through the usual dance and then, "I admit that I'm curious, but you have to promise me that Denny never finds out, okay?" 

We went to a motel room and stripped. She stared at it and then she stroked it, bent over and touched it with her tongue and then she started sucking me. I rolled over and went into a sixty-nine with her on top and went to work eating her pussy. This went on for several minutes and then she pulled away from me. 

"Just lay there, okay? Let me do it. That way I won't get hurt" and she squatted over me with the tip of my cock just parting her pussy lips. She was only the second woman in my life to even try.

I just laid there and tried to hold still while she worked inch after inch into her little body. She got eight inches in her and then said, "I don't think I can take any more. I'll try, but I think I'm full." 

Then she started fucking herself with me while I did my damnedest to hold still and let her do all the work. She slid up and down on me for about five minutes and took another two inches and had one very powerful orgasm. She was sweating and I could see determination on her face. 

"I'm going to take it all damn it - I want all of it." 

And she did it! She managed to take every inch of me. It took her another fifteen minutes, but she did it and along the way I blew a load into only the second pussy in my life. She fell forward and laid on me breathing hard.

"Can we do this again?"

"As many times and as often as you want."

"Just don't let Denny ever find out, okay?"

For some reason I didn't tell Leslie about Robin. I think it was because I wanted Robin available as long as Leslie wasn't and I didn't want to create more friction between us. It was a gamble - Leslie might have backed off on her demands if she knew that there was another woman out there who could, and would, handle me, but there was always the chance that she would have said, "Fine. You only have fifteen to go."

Robin might not have wanted Denny to find out, but she didn't seem to care if some of her friends did. The knowledge that Robin had managed me, small as she was, caused a few of women who had pushed me away to rethink things and within three weeks I had five women who had managed to take all of me. The problem was that none of them were on the list that Leslie had given me. 

About that time I began to wonder about something. Before issuing me her ultimatum and list Leslie needed sex damn near every day of the week. How was she managing to do without while I was off on my hopeless quest? The only answer I could think of was that she wasn't - that she was seeing someone else. The next thing that occurred to me was that the punishment list had been bullshit from the very start. It gave Leslie plenty of free time to do what ever she wanted while I was out trying to seduce the women on her list. The more I thought about it, the more sure I was that Leslie was having an affair, but what to do about it? In the end I decided to do nothing figuring that not knowing for sure was better than knowing for certain.

About the time I started having doubts about Leslie things began to turn around for me. Word of mouth was going around that Robin and several others were managing to take me just fine and my phone was ringing off the hook. Women who had pushed me away suddenly wanted to give it a try and within three weeks I had crossed all the single women off Leslie's list. Leslie did not know any of this because I decided not to tell her. If she knew I was getting that much pussy she might have decided to put and end to things. That was the last thing I wanted. I was at the point where what I wanted more than anything was to complete that list and rub Leslie's nose in it.

I finally managed to get a start on the married part of the list. My sister and her husband had flown into town to visit the family and at the end of their visit I drove them to the airport and saw them off. On my way out of the terminal I saw a familiar face in one of the concourse bars and I went in and joined her. Mary had just put her husband on a flight and she had decided to have a drink or three before going home to an empty house. I bought her a drink and then she bought me one and then we did it again. We made small talk and then I bought her another drink while I nursed the one I had. Mary was halfway through the drink and then she set it down on the table, "Are you trying to get me drunk?"

Sensing that honesty would be the best policy with Mary I said, "Would it do me any good?"

She gave me another look and then she grinned, "I don't know." She sipped her drink and then said, "So, is what they say about you true?"

"Do you have to be drunk to find out?"

She put her drink down, grabbed her purse and said, "Let's go."

We took a room in the airport hotel and in less than fifteen minutes I hated Mary's husband. Mary was an insatiable slut. She took one look at my cock, said "Oh that's a nice one" and then she proceeded to fuck my brains out. She had me lie down on my back and then she climbed right on - no hesitation - just swung herself over me and pushed her pussy down on my dick. And then she bounced up and down on me until I was all the way in and then she told me to roll her over on her back. She locked her legs behind mine and said, "Now fuck me baby, fuck me hard."

We didn't leave the hotel until six the next morning. We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant and she asked me if I was going to be in trouble when I got home and I told her no. Then for some reason I told her about Leslie's list.

"You can't be serious? She actually gave you a list?"

I told her yes and then she asked me who was on it. I told her and then I told her how the list had come into being. She wrote down the names and then she grinned at me. "My husband is going to be gone for a week. I'll make you a deal. I'll help you get these girls, but in return I want you every night that my husband is gone. And for every girl I help you get I get you twice a week after he gets home, deal?"

I offered her my hand and said, "Deal."

Leslie gave me a funny look when I got home, but didn't say anything until after I had taken a shower and dressed for work. As I poured myself a cup of coffee she said, "Where were you last night?"

"Working on your stupid list."

"Don't snap at me. It's your own fault. And while we are on the subject, I won't be home when you get here tonight - I have a date."

"A date? Like as in I have a date with another man?"

I got a defiant look from her, "Yes. I'm tired of going without sex and I intend to date until you get your punishment out of the way."

"You have two choices then."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that if you are going without sex it is your own damned fault. You knew that the list you gave me was an impossible chore so you did it to yourself. And I don't believe that you have been going without anyway. I'm sure that you have been getting fucked ever since you started this shit. But that is neither here nor there. Like I said, you have two choices - no, make that three. You can forget about that stupid list and the two of us can get back to having a life or you can forget about the list and go on out and fuck whomever you want. But if you hold me to the list and go out and screw someone else tonight you might as well move out because the marriage is over. And yes, I meant it when I said you could fuck other guys as long as you put an end to this list shit. I'm not a hypocrite - I've managed to fuck over half the names on the list and if I'm having sex outside the marriage you should also be able to also. But not, and I repeat not, if we keep playing this silly list game. You cut yourself off with that list so if you have been going with out - which I seriously doubt - it is your own fault. If you are not at home when I come home tonight and you haven't called and cut me loose from that list don't be surprised when you come home to find all of your shit piled in the driveway. Now if you will excuse me I need to get to work."
