 They say that the first step in solving a problem is to admit that there is a problem. Once you admit there is a problem you can determine how to fix it. Okay, I admit it; I am a cheating asshole! I admit that I fuck around behind my wife's back and I have been doing it for the seven years of our marriage. Actually it was before that - I started when we were still going steady. So, the problem admitted to the next step was to try and fix the problem. Why, since I love my wife dearly and do not want to lose her, can't I keep my cock in my pants? 

I found me an analyst and at the end of our second session he told me to sit down and write up everything sexual that I have done. Where do I start? I guess the best thing is to start with what happened before I met Madge (my wife) and then work through it.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The tale starts when I caught my Aunt Mildred fucking the mailman. Aunt Millie wasn't my blood aunt; she was my aunt by way of being married to my dad's brother, my Uncle Wendell. They were staying with us because their house had burned down and they hadn't yet found another place to live. Anyway, I had cut classes that day and I was in my room sleeping when a bunch of screaming woke me up. I slid out of bed to see what was up. I went down the hall to my parent's bedroom, which is where all the racket was coming from and I looked in to see that it was Aunt Millie screaming and carrying on as the mailman fucked her.

For several seconds I thought it might be rape and I was just about to go and get my baseball bat when I heard her yell:

"Oh God, harder honey, harder."

Once I knew it was rape I should have turned and gone back to my room, but I didn't. Neither of them had noticed me and I was curious. No, not curious, it was like I was fascinated. Not by the sex act, but by Aunt Mildred. I wasn't a virgin (but I wasn't all that far from being one) and I'd had sex with two girls my age, but they were girls. Aunt Millie was a woman. 

The girls I'd been with had tits I could cover with my hand, but Aunt Millie had tits the size of large grapefruit with half-inch long nipples. The girls had said things like, "Don't hurt me Robbie" and slow down Robbie, don't go so fast." Aunt Millie was screaming out, "Fuck me, fuck me harder damn it, harder." The girls had been nervous and kept asking me if the rubber was still on my cock and Aunt Millie was taking the mailman bareback and begging him to make her cum and to cum in her.

The frosting on the cake for me was that Aunt Millie was wearing nylons, a garter belt and high heels. High heels turned me on and had ever since my sixth grade English teacher had sat on the edge of her desk with a mile of leg showing and a black patent leather pump dangling from her toe as she read poetry to the class.

Anyway, I stood there rooted to the spot as Aunt Millie and the mailman rattled the bedsprings. I stood there and watched until the mailman muttered:

"Here it comes bitch, I'm gonna flood your cunt" and I figured that it was time for me to fade away before I was noticed.

I was in my room pulling my pud when I heard the front door slam and two minutes later my bedroom door opened and Aunt Mildred walked in. She hadn't bothered to dress and her magnificent tits were leading the way (I found out later they were 38D cup) as she walked over to my bed and looked down at me lying there with my dick in my hand. Apparently I had been seen after all because she said:

"You going to tell?"

I hadn't thought about it one way or the other so I didn't know what to say. I don't know what she was thinking, but she must have taken my hesitation to mean something because she said:

"If you keep your mouth shut Robbie I'll give you a blow job."

Again, I didn't know what to say or do. It wasn't likely that I would tell Uncle Wendell anything anyway. That was grown up shit and all I was was a confused, inexperienced eighteen year old. Once again she must have figured my hesitation as me considering her offer.

"All right, okay, a blow job and I'll let you screw me."

It was coming at me too fast and I was right at the point of yelling that I wouldn't tell when she said:

"For a week Robbie. All the sex you want for a week, okay? We have a deal?"

I didn't trust myself to talk so I nodded a yes and I saw relief on her face as she sat down on the bed and pushed my hand away from my cock. She wrapped her fingers around it and began stroking it.

"You have to leave soon for class?"

I shook my head no.

"That's good honey, because I chased Bert away before I was really ready to quit. Ready honey?"

Before I could even nod or say yes she lowered her head and swallowed my cock. She cupped my balls in one hand and used the other to stroke my cock. For maybe a minute she worked my cock with her hand and then she took it in her mouth. God what a feeling. It was the first time a mouth had ever been on my cock and I thought I'd died and gone to Heaven. I moaned at the delicious feeling of it. She took more of me in her mouth and sucked and licked me. I felt the stirrings and I pushed my hips at her pushing my cock deeper into her mouth and then I let go. She locked her lips tight around me and held still as I gushed into her mouth and she gulped and swallowed until I was dry. And then she started all over and stayed with it until I was hard again. 


She swung over me and lowered herself down on my throbbing cock and started to rock back and forth on me. I was in Heaven. I had thought I was in tall cotton when I'd had sex with the two girls, Sally and Ruth, but Aunt Millie was just mind blowing.

"Come on honey, I need it. No need to be gentle with me, just fuck me and fuck me hard."

No little girl here I thought as I wrapped my arms around her and rolled over putting her on her back. In changing position I had slipped out of her cunt and as I moved to push myself back against the dripping lips of her pussy I was reminded that I was going to get my very first sloppy seconds.

"Push it in honey, fuck me, fuck me now."

I moved forward and my cock sank into her until my balls hit her ass. "Yeah Robbie," she moaned, "Fuck me, fuck me hard."

I started pumping into her and her hands grabbed my ass and pulled me to her and her legs came up and clamped my waist. Her hips were pushing at me as I thrust into her and she was moaning almost continuously:

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes, come on baby, harder, harder."

Other than her moans the only sounds were my heavy breathing as I fucked her as hard as I could and the sound of my balls going "slap, slap, slap," against her ass. My balls tightened and I knew I was going to cum soon. Millie also knew I was almost there and she gasped:

"Cum in me honey, cum in me, let me feel you shoot."

Two more strokes and I let go. I felt her pussy grip my cock and it felt like it was pulsing, like it was trying to milk my dick for every last drop.

"Not bad honey," she said as I pulled out of her, "Not bad for a young boy, but you will get better; I'll see to that. That's it for now Robbie. Your folks and your Uncle Wendell will be home in about an hour and we need to get cleaned up. What's your class schedule tomorrow?"

"I'm done at two."

"Good honey, I'll be waiting for you when you get here. Get plenty of sleep tonight; I want you well rested tomorrow."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Dinner was awkward for me that evening. I just knew that mom, dad and Uncle Wendell could tell what I'd done. Every time Uncle Wendell looked in my direction I just knew he was thinking:

"I know you fucked my wife you little shit."

I finished as quickly as I could. I even passed on dessert and then I hurried up to my room where I relived the day's events and ended up beating off.

Classes the next day were a complete waste of my time. I don't think I heard a word that any of my professors said; my mind was on what waited at home for me. I practically ran into the house when I got there. I dashed up the stairs expecting to find Millie waiting for me. By the time I reached the top of the stairs I knew Millie was there, but she wasn't alone. I looked in the open bedroom door and saw Millie on her hands and knees while Bert was fucking her from behind. She saw me out of the corner of her eye and turned to look at me and then blew me a kiss. I turned away and went to my room.

I know it sounds stupid, but I felt betrayed. She was supposed to be waiting for me damn it, not fucking the mailman. It was a hell of a let down and I was sitting there staring at the wall when Millie came into the room. As the previous day she only had on high heels, nylons and garter belt. I noticed a trace of cum running down the inside of her left leg and despite being pissed at her my dick went immediately to the upright position.

"I'm ready for you honey; why aren't you ready for me? Come on, let's get those clothes off."

As I undressed I was aware of a subtle change. Yesterday Millie had been hesitant, unsure and scared, but that day she seemed a little 'no nonsense', a little 'take charge'. This was even more evident when I was naked and ready. She sat on the edge of the bed, spread her legs and said:

"Get over here Robbie and eat my pussy."

I just stood there and looked at her.

"Well come on, get over here. Millie want's her slit licked."

I just stood there and stared at her. This wasn't what I had expected. She was supposed to suck my cock and then fuck me. Eat her pussy? That was just too disgusting an idea to even contemplate.

"Well? What are you waiting for? Get over here and eat me."

I came out of my funk long enough to say, "I can't."

"Why not?

"You have stuff running out of you."

"I know that sweetie, that's why I want you over here, to clean me up. Now come on, get with it."

"I can't."

"You're pissing me off Robbie, now get over here."

"No."

"No? Listen you little shit, you are in no position to be saying no to me. Any leverage you had on me disappeared when you fucked me yesterday. You can't squeal on me without telling on yourself. The way it works now is that you do what I tell you, when I tell you or I go to your parents and tell them that you raped me. You came home, caught me coming out of the shower and raped me. You can tell your story about Bert and me and I'll say you are lying, trying to get out from under what you did. Wendell will believe me and your parents may or may not believe you. You want to take that chance? Do you?"

The fact was that I didn't and she saw it on my face.

"Look on the bright side. You get to be my in house stud and you get all the good pussy you can handle. It's not a bad deal and all you have to remember is that I'm the boss and you do what I say. Now get over here and suck my pussy."

"I can't. I don't know how."

"There's a lot you don't know Robbie and I'm going to take care of that. Your first lesson starts now."

The scent of cum was strong and as I looked at her puffy pussy lips I could see the milky coating that Bert had left behind. Her cunt smelled pungent and her cunt hair held drops of cum and for some strange reason a picture jumped into my mind of dew on the grass in the morning.

"Come on honey, get with the program" Millie said and then I just closed my mind to the fact that I was going to taste Bert and I followed Millie's instructions as she told me how to eat her pussy. I ran my tongue along the plump outer lips, up and down several times and then I moved the lips apart with my fingers. I saw the thick, soupy looking mess and my stomach turned over and I was afraid I was going to barf. I fought off the feeling of nausea and licked the exposed surfaces of her inner pussy and then the moment of truth:

"Stick your tongue in me honey. Push it all the way in. Taste Bert. Suck up some of his juice honey, it will make your dick hard."

I licked up a small glob of Bert's stuff and was surprised that it didn't taste all that foul and nasty, just a little bit salty.

"Oh yeah honey, move that tongue, clean me out" Millie moaned.

Her pussy was quivering and I could taste how hot she was and I pushed my tongue deeper into her. I licked, I sucked and I swallowed. Millie's hands went to the back of my head and she shoved her hips up at me. Her cunt spasmed as she came and then her hips fell back onto the bed and she smiled at me.

"Not bad for a first time honey and I'll see to it that you get plenty of practice."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

For the next three months, until Millie and Uncle Wendell moved out, Millie saw to my sexual education. Some I enjoyed and some I didn't. I didn't like sitting in the bathtub while she peed on me and taking a whiz on her tits didn't do a thing for me, but I loved going sixty-nine with her. I didn't like it at all when she handcuffed me and paddled my ass with a Ping-Pong paddle, but I loved her blow job. She liked pain, but putting clothes pins on her nipples and smacking her clit with the same ping pong paddle she used on my ass left me cold, but I could have fucked her all day doggie (if my dick could have held up).

Outside of pain Millie's biggest kick was having me eat her pussy after she had been fucked by Bert or one of the others she played with. While I never did learn to like the taste of another man's juice, I did learn that it wouldn't hurt me, but it would make Millie want to fuck me for hours. Millie also loved taking a cock up her ass and she taught me how she wanted it done and I found that I loved doing it to her. I liked the way her sphincter seemed to suck on my cock as I slid past it.

Things came apart the day that Millie approached me wearing a strap on.

"Your turn to take it up the ass."

"No way."

"Come on Robbie, bend over, you just might like it."

"Get that thing away from me."

She kept trying to get behind me and I kept turning. She tripped me and I fell to my knees and quick as a cat she was behind me. I felt the cold tip of that dildo poking at my ass and I swung a backhand at her and hit her hard enough to knock her on her ass and I swear to God she had an orgasm. I got up, hurriedly dressed and got the hell out of the house.

That night at dinner Uncle Wendell said that their new place was ready and that they would be moving out over the next couple of days. After the dildo episode I got up early and got out of the house before anyone else woke up and after classes I stayed at the library until I knew my folks were home and I never had sex with Millie again.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

My time with Millie gave me a lot more confidence in myself and it showed when I went after girls my own age, but my biggest help in getting laid came from the guys I hung around with. Guys talk about girls and guys talk about what they do to girls and what the girls do to them. And surprise, surprise, young guys brag a lot about their sexual adventures. I was no different than the rest of them. I never dared tell anybody about Millie, but that didn't stop me from bragging about my sexual prowess, I just attributed it to other unnamed girls.

I would act worldly and say things like, "If you really want to make her scream you have to eat their pussy. Do a good job and her clit and you'll own her."

One time I was with some guys when Becky Dodds walked by and I said, "I'd bury my face in her cunt in a heartbeat" and one of the other guys said, "Yeah, and a second later Butch (her boyfriend) would kill you."

"Shit man, I don't want to take her away from him, just play with her for a bit."

"That's good because I don't think you could take her away from him."

"Oh I don't know. If he isn't eating her, I might be able to."

Well boys talk to girls and girls talk to girls and somehow word got to Becky about what I'd said. I was sitting in the cafeteria at the Student Union, sipping coffee and reviewing the notes from my last class, when someone sat down across from me. I looked up and saw Becky. She didn't waste any time:

"Did you mean it?"

"Did I mean what?"

"What you said about going down on me."

Before Millie a conversation like that would have had me red in the face and doing a lot of hemming and hawing, but this was post Millie and so I just looked Becky in the eye and said:

"I meant it. What's going on her Becky?"

"I want oral sex and Butch refuses to go down on me. I heard that you said you would. Will you?"

"We keep it just between us? I don't want to go to war with Butch."

"I won't tell a soul Robbie. Just us, just you and me, no one else will ever know."

"If I do it Becky, it won't be one sided. You will have to go down on me or give me some pussy."

She hesitated a few seconds and then said, "All right."

"Okay, let's do it."

I started to get up and Becky asked, "Where are you going?"

"We are going to my house so we can do it."

She got a panicked look on her face, "No, we can't Robbie. Tomorrow, we can do it tomorrow."

"Why not now? You don't have any more classes today."

"I...I...I just can't Robbie."

"You don't really want to do you? This is just pulling my chain, right?"

"No Robbie, I really do want to."

"Then lets go."

"I can't Robbie, I just can't right now."

"Give me one good reason why you can't Becky or we can forget it."

"I...I spent the night at Butch's apartment."

"So?"

"I haven't been home to wash or anything Robbie, so we have to wait until I can."

I knew what she was telling me - she was still full of her boyfriend's junk - and two things roared through my mind: one, if I let Becky walk away she might have second thoughts and not go through with it and Becky was just too fine to let her get away. Secondly, I'd already learned from Millie that sucking up another man's leavings wouldn't kill me. I reached out a hand to her and said:

"That just adds to the flavor Becky, let's go."

As we walked to my car she kept looking around nervously as if she were afraid that someone would see us together. In the car she scrunched down on the seat so she couldn't be seen.

"You are doing wonders for my ego Becky. I can't remember the last time someone wanted so desperately not to be seen with me."

"I'm sorry, but I'm not the only one who has heard what you said about eating me. I'm afraid that someone will see us, put two and two together and then go running to Butch."

Once I had her in my room at home I undressed her, stood for a minute admiring her sexy body, and then got her on the bed. I put a pillow under her ass to raise her pussy up a little and then lowered my head. The aroma of her pussy was heady and I got a certain vicarious thrill out of knowing that it was a pussy that belonged to another man and that I was going to use it.

I placed my hand on her mound and started to massage her cunt lips. I slowly slipped one finger into her and saw her close her eyes and heard a low moan. I moved the finger in a little farther and she moaned again. My thumb found her clit and as my finger slowly fucked her my thumb rubbed her clit and she continued to moan.

When my lips touched her labia her body jerked like it had received an electric shock. My tongue slithered around on and in her pussy and she raised her hips and pushed her pussy hard against my face. I licked and sucked and tongued her clit and her moans got louder.

"Oh my God, oh my God" she moaned and her hands went to my head and held me as if she thought I might try to get away. I locked my lips around her clit and sucked hard. "Oh, oh, oh, oh" Becky moaned as she trashed around. My tongue and mouth pushed harder and worked on every square inch of Becky's pussy that they could and she continued to twist and turn and squirm while I continued to lick and suck.

Her body started trembling and she arched her back and screamed, "OH GOD!" as she experienced her first orally induced orgasm. I gave her a few seconds to collect herself and then said:
