 Marlene was just the first of many. Apparently she told some of the others that I had stopped seeing about how she had gotten me to do her and I started hearing from them and getting the same threat from them that I had gotten from Marlene only more so. Tina threatened me with Marlene's husband Hal. Veronica threatened me with Tina's husband. Merrily threatened me with Veronica's fianc‚e and it went on and on like that. And to keep Madge in the dark I always gave in.

I both didn't like doing it and liked doing it. I didn't like it because I was cheating on Madge, but I liked it because of the sex. It was understood that if I gave them what they wanted I got what I wanted so eating pussy, full or not, kept me in blow jobs, pussy and anal sex. This was a good thing because Madge was 'saving herself' for marriage. We did a lot of heavy necking, but the rule was that I had to keep my hands above the waist. Madge did give me an occasional hand job, but that was it. Anything else had to wait until after the wedding, so for the entire length of our engagement I was getting sex behind her back.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Madge and I were married two months after graduation. We were both working and saving our money for a house, but married life was not what I had expected. After taking our vows I expected that Madge and I would go on our honeymoon, fuck ourselves stupid, and then return home to enjoy a great sex life. 

Wrong!

I'm not saying that the sex wasn't good, but it wasn't what I was used to or wanted. Madge loved sex, but only in the missionary position, with the lights off and with her nightgown on and pulled up to the waist. No oral - giving or receiving - and no anal. No doggie style, no cowgirl or reverse cowgirl, nothing but missionary! But what the hell, I loved her and she was willing seven nights a week and as many times as I could get it up so I lived with it. And I would have lived with it forever except for a quirk of fate.

Madge and I had been married a little over three years when it happened. I was sitting at my desk at work when a voice said, "Hello stranger." I looked up and into the eyes of the woman who had started it all in college. Becky didn't look any different than she had the last time I had seen her which had been the week before graduation. The only difference was that instead of a skirt or a dress she was wearing the uniform of a UPS driver. Our regular driver had taken a sick day and Becky was the relief driver.

I got up and gave her a hug and asked her if she had time for a cup of coffee. She said no, but she would let me buy her a drink if I'd meet her at Rocky's Bar and Grill later. Since I drove right by the place on my way home I told her I'd meet her there at six.

She was already seated in a booth when I got there so I sat down opposite her, ordered drinks from the waitress and then we sat there and played the "Whatever happened to..." and "Have you seen..." game and then she asked:

"Do you remember the last time we saw each other?"

"Of course."

"I'm not with Butch any more, but at least in one respect I didn't improve my position any."

"Wow's that?"

"The man I married won't eat my pussy or let me suck his cock. You still like to do things like that?"

The smart thing for me to have done was to say, "Nice seeing you" and then getting up and getting out of there, but I didn't do the smart thing. I thought about Becky's lips on my cock, about how tight her ass had been the last time I'd been there, and yes, I did remember the pungent taste of her pussy when I'd eaten her after she had just come from Butch. I remembered all that and I said:

"I never liked doing things like that Becky, I loved doing those things."

"Not that I want to rush you through your drink, but there is a motel just up the street. If you are interested, of course."

I called Madge on my cell phone and told her I was working late and then I smiled at Becky and said:

"I'm ready when you are."

She looked as good and tasted as good as she always had and after I had eaten her and fucked her she said:

"Another thing my husband won't do is anal. Have you enough time for that?"

I looked at my watch and then said, "That depends on you. How fast can you get me back up?"

"If I haven't lost my touch I'd say in about three minutes."

She hadn't lost her touch, not at all. As soon as she had me hard she got on her knees and put her head down on a pillow.

"Go easy to get me started baby, it has been a while."

I got up behind her and pushed two fingers into her pussy to get some juice on them and then I worked them into her asshole. I moved them around for a bit and then I added a third finger. I worked on her butt hole until I felt her relax and then I moved up behind her and slid my cock into her pussy. Several strokes later I pulled my cum coated rod out of her and positioned it at her asshole.

"Now Robbie, now. I need you in my ass."

I pushed forward and she cried out as I fed an inch of cock into her. I waited a second and gave her another inch and she moaned. I pushed into her an inch at a time until my balls slapped her ass and then I slowly started to fuck her. After a minute she started to push her ass back at me.

"Oh god yes. I've missed this. Fuck me Robbie, fuck me."

I pushed into her harder and fucked her for several minutes until I felt my orgasm coming and I told her to hurry. She reached under herself and began rubbing her clit and then cried out:

"I'm cumming Robbie, I'm cumming. Cum with me Robbie, cum with me."

I slammed into her one last time and my juice boiled out of me and flooded her rectum. I pulled out of her and fell to the bed beside her. Becky rolled over and cuddled up next to me and one hand reached down to fondle my limp cock and she said:

"When can we do this again?" Becky asked.

"When would you like to?"

"Hubby bowls on Tuesdays and he has a lodge meeting on Thursdays. Plus, he plays golf every Saturday morning."

"Saturdays are iffy, but I can handle Tuesdays and Thursdays."

She pouted and said, "Not Saturday?"

"Why is Saturday important?"

She got a wicked grin on her face and said, "Because he always makes love to me Saturday morning and I remember how much it turned me on when you went down on me after I had been with Butch."

"I can't promise every Saturday, but I should be able to do a few."

I felt guilty as hell when I got home and Madge greeted me with a kiss. 

"Have you eaten yet?" she asked and I had an instant image in my head of my face buried in Becky's pussy as I said, "No, but I ate a late lunch and I'm not very hungry."

"Good. I've been here imagining you at work in your office with your secretary spread out on your desk and I'm horny as hell" and she pulled me along to the bedroom. She went into the bathroom and when she came out she had on her nightgown. She turned out the light and got into bed. "Come on baby, hurry, I need it."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

For the next four months I met Becky at Rocky's every Tuesday and Thursday. We had a drink and then went to the motel. I was able to get away about one Saturday in three and it was one of those Saturdays that almost got me caught.

I had spent the morning letting Becky fuck my brains out and she had been especially horny that day. She clutched at me, grabbed at me and her legs flailed all over the place as I pounded into her. Madge wasn't home when I got there and I went in to take a shower. Madge walked into the bathroom just as I came out of the shower and she looked at me and exclaimed:

"Jesus Rob, what happened to your back and the backs of your legs?"

I turned so I could see my back in the in the mirror and I saw the marks that Becky's nails had left and I saw the bruises on the back of my legs.

"Must have happened when I crawled under your car to check out your exhaust system."

Lucky for me she bought the story and I made sure from then on I wore a T-shirt when I played with Becky. To cover for my Tuesdays and Thursdays with Becky I told Madge I was shooting for a promotion at work and that I would probably be working a lot of late nights for a while. Then, so she wouldn't see a pattern in Tuesday and Thursday I started to randomly go home late on Mondays and Wednesdays. I didn't have to worry about Madge wondering why I was doing all that late work for a promotion that never came because I had already gotten the promotion. I had been chosen to become the new manager of production when the current manager retired at the end of the year. At that time I could use the new job to justify the late hours.

When I started randomly taking off Mondays and Wednesdays to break up the Tuesday/Thursday pattern I needed something to do so I started stopping in at the sports bar down the street when I got off of work. One Monday night when I was sitting at the bar sipping a Bud Light and watching Monday Night Football a woman slid onto the stool next to me and said:

"Hey sailor, buy a girl a drink?"

I looked over and saw Marsha, a secretary from work. Using her tone of voice as a guide I said:

"I don't know sweetie, what's in it for me?"

"Depends honey. Are you away from home, lonely and looking for some company?"

"Maybe. If it is the right kind of company."

"You aren't a cop are you?"

That confused me for just a second because she knew who I was, but then I figured it out, she was role-playing. She was pretending to be a prostitute. I knew she was married and a quick look at her left hand showed that she wasn't wearing her rings.

In a low voice I asked, "Is hubby watching?"

"Yes."

"Just how far are you planning on taking this?"

"All the way is what he wants."

"What do you want?"

"For the most part I want to keep him happy, but I'm not sure that I can do what he wants."

"He doesn't know that you know me?"

"Nope. We came in here and I was supposed to pick up a man, do him for money and then hubby will race home with me for fun and games."

"Let me see if I have this right. Hubby wants you to pretend to be a prostitute, pick up a man and screw him for money. You aren't sure that you can do it. You come in here, spot me and go "Aha, someone safe." Is that about it?'

"Pretty much."

"The next question is, "What are you going to do?"

"I was hoping that I could talk you into playing along with me."

"How so?"

"Pretend to let me pick you up and then we can go someplace and talk for a while and then I can come back here and tell him I've done it."

I looked at her for several seconds and then said, "Okay, lets do it. I'll get up and go to the john and you go tell hubby you scored and that I'm taking you to the motel down the street. You play cribbage?"

"Yes. Why?"

"We have to do something in the motel room. I assume he will be outside watching. To make it look right we will need to kill at least half an hour."

We left Rocky's and half way down the block I pulled into a Safeway parking lot.

"Why are we stopping here?"

"To buy the props we need for our little play. Be right back."

I was back in five minutes and I handed her the bag."

"What's this?"

"Stuff you need to make it exciting for your hubby."

She opened the bag and found a bottle of KY lotion, a package of rubbers, a deck of cards and a cribbage board.

"If he's following us he will want to know why we stopped. Tell him I needed to get cash from an ATM and to buy some rubbers."

"What's this for?" and she held up the bottle of KY.

"Tear open one of the condoms, pour a little KY into it and then tie it off. Show it to hubby as proof that you did what he wanted."

I drove to the motel and got us a room. I was just breaking the seal on the deck of cards when I saw Marsha pulling her dress over her head.

"What are you doing?"

"I've decided to do it. He wants it so I'll do it."

"Are you sure about this? After it is over you will have to face me every day of the week."

"That's the only reason I can do it. I know you and I trust you. I couldn't do it with a stranger."

Marsha was a good looking woman and I wasn't about to turn her down if that is what she wanted to do. I had given her an out and she hadn't taken it. I started undressing. As I stripped I watched her and when she slipped her panties down her legs I saw that she had shaven her pussy - her cunt was as bald as an egg.

"Oh my" I said, "We may need more than half an hour."

"Why?"

"I've never eaten a bald pussy before."

"Oh no, you can't eat me."

"Of course I can."

"No, you don't understand, you just can't."

I pushed her down on the bed, pushed her legs apart and started to lower my face to her cunt.

"No Rob, no. I'm nasty down there."

"Nasty?"

"Roger made love to me before we left the house."

"Good for him" I said as I drug my tongue the length of her slit. She moaned and uttered a half hearted, "No Rob, no" but by then I already had my face buried in her pussy. My tongue probed her hole and she let out a sigh and she brought her legs up and set them on my shoulders. I went after her clit with my tongue and lips and I slipped a finger into her. I pushed my tongue as deep into her as it would go and then I added another finger.

I lapped at her pussy like a cat licking milk from a saucer. I could feel her juices flowing to my tongue and her hands grabbed the back of my head and that told me that she was ready to cum. Her body trembled and her legs tightened around my neck and then her body relaxed.

By the time she had settled down from her orgasm my cock was iron bar hard and screaming for relief. I grabbed the paper bag and got out the condoms, but before I could open one Marsha said:

"You won't need those."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. That's one of the things he wants - sloppy seconds."

I moved up and rubbed my hard cock up and down her slit and then I pushed and drove it home. Her cunt was sopping wet and I slid into it like a hot knife going through soft butter. She shoved her hips up at me to meet my thrusts and moaned a low, "Yesyesyesyesyes." I would have loved to stay in her for hours, but she was supposed to be a whore turning a trick, which meant get the john off quick so she could move on to the next one. Plus, her husband was waiting outside and watching so I slammed into her as hard and fast as I was able and she cried out: 

"Oh yes, like that, just like that, fuck me, fuck me hard."

I felt my balls telling me that they were ready and my cock swelled. I grabbed her hips, gave one last hard thrust and the cum shot out of the head of my dick.

As she was getting dressed I took out my wallet and handed her five twenty dollar bills.

"What's this?"

"You have to show him you played for pay."

"I stopped at the bank on the way home from work and got the money to use for that."

"No, you have to take mine. That way you will really have had sex for money. You will be able to think of that when you are with your hubby and it might add some extra spice to things for you."

"This is twice what Roger expected me to charge. He told me to ask for fifty."

"Tell him that I said you were so good I tipped you. You were you know."

"I was?"

"You were great and I'm just sorry that we can't do it again. Come on, I need to get you back to the bar and then I need to get home."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Every time I saw Marsha for the next two weeks she would blush when she caught me looking at her. I, on the other hand, got turned on as all get out when I saw her. I remembered what a great piece of ass she had been and I wondered how I could go about getting her again. I decided that the best way would be to let her know that I was interested and then see what she would do. The best way would be not to ask her and risk being shot down, but to try the subtle approach.

I stopped at the motel on the way to work and rented a room and got two room keys. When Marsha returned to her desk after her ten o'clock coffee break she would find an envelope on her desk with her name on it. When she opened it she would find a fifty dollar bill, a room key, and a piece of paper that said "noon."

At eleven-thirty I entered the room, sat down and started reading the book I'd brought along and crossed my fingers. At two minutes to eleven I heard the sound of a key being put in the door and I put my book down. Marsha came into the room and saw me:

"I expected you to be undressed and ready. I only have an hour for lunch."

That began my four month affair with Marsha. It ended the day she told me she was pregnant and couldn't see me any more.

"Why not? Most doctors say you can have sex up till the eighth month if you are careful."

"I know. The reason I have to stop seeing you is that I have to concentrate on my marriage and work hard at convincing Roger that the child is his."

"Why would he doubt it?"

"You weren't the only one he had me run the prostitute bit on and since he wanted sloppy seconds none of them used a condom."

"Including me."

"That's right lover, including you and you spent a lot more time in me than anyone else and that includes Roger."

"You think it might be mine?"

"No. I'm married to Roger so it is Roger's baby, our baby. I just have to sell him on that."

"Even if it isn't?"

"My playing bareback was his idea so he will just have to live with it. I'll miss you lover. No one has ever eaten my pussy as good as you have."

Pregnant women are sexy as hell and seeing Marsha for the next four months and not being able to touch was hell on me, but then she went on maternity leave and that took the pressure off me. While the thing with Marsha was going on I was still seeing Becky once or twice a week. Between Madge, Becky and Marsha I was one well-fucked individual. And then suddenly Becky was gone. Her husband had taken a job out of state and of course she went with him when he relocated.

I was back to dark room, missionary position only sex. Plenty of it, but the oral and anal were gone.

A month after Marsha left on her maternity leave I came to work and found an envelope on my desk. I opened it and found a twenty dollar bill, a room key to room 112 at the Starlight Motel and a piece of paper that just had the word "noon" printed on it. I smiled. Marsha had decided to keep things going till her eighth month. 

I arrived at room 112 at eleven fifty-five and used the key to let myself in. There was a naked woman on the bed, but it wasn't Marsha. She smiled at the surprise on my face and said:

"My name is Kaitlyn and Marsha tells me that you eat pussy."

I smiled back at her and pushed the door closed behind me and as I undressed I said: "Indeed I do my lovely, indeed I do."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Kaitlyn was followed by Sarah who was followed by Beverly Ann, Josie, Stephanie and Marge in that order. There was a seven month dry period and then Monica, Jodi, Jenny, Christy and a few whose names I don't remember came along. 

How I managed to go so long without Madge tumbling to what I was doing I don't know, but just recently she has started to watch my comings and goings and I believe she is finally suspicious. I do love Madge and I don't want to lose my marriage so I've gone cold turkey. No more strange pussy for me. I've even sought professional help. It isn't going to be easy and I know it because temptation is all over the place. Just yesterday I received a phone call from Becky. She is moving back to town and wants me to meet her for a drink at Rocky's.

Do I dare?