 I never wanted another man other than my husband, but he's long had the fantasy of me being a little slut. It started as role playing at home and while we were fucking I'd make up stories about pretend encounters, both singular and gang bangs and what we found is we both got off on it. I never realized it until the day he pointed out that when I was talking about fucking other men, I came often and I came hard... and I mean HARD. I never failed to have 3 or 4 multiples with my husband, but these were intense like I've never known.

My husband started the process of finding someone for me. I was still very uneasy about it but he assured me we'd be clean and safe about it. He fielded many emails for months looking for even a guy to go meet for a cocktail - he was looking for a very fit, educated, successful and hung man for me. One that was a busy career guy who just wanted a little fun a few times a month - we wanted safety and consistency. It's one thing to talk dirty about random men from bars and gang bangs but it's another one all together to do it.

Finally, he went to go meet Ryan for a drink. They actually hung out twice over cocktails before I even met him. That night we went to a hip spot in DTLA for drinks and my husband dressed me as he always does. I wore a black, collared satin halter, tight red vinyl skinny jeans and black heels (you can see a pic or two on here from before we went out that night). We showed up first and got a booth. When Ryan got there, I was impressed! My husband had done well. Ryan is about 6'2", 190 lbs of muscle, broad shoulders, strong thick arms and V shaped torso. He was wearing a nice sports coat, t-shirt and designer jeans along with boots. Short, but not too short of brown hair, early 30's and piercing blue eyes.

We had 3 or 4 cocktails at the bar, conversation flowed well, Ryan and I had good chemistry. There was nothing too serious at the bar but I put my hand on his chest several times to feel his rock hard abs and chest and after a few I slid my hand into his lap and although it was soft at the time, he had a pretty good sized cock it seemed, so I thought I might enjoy myself here after all.

After drink #4 my husband decided we should go back to our place - Ryan followed us over there. When we got there he instructed Ryan and I to sit on the couch as he made us all drinks. Ryan sat right next to me and had his hand on my knee. When my husband returned he sat in the chair opposite us and handed us our drinks. We chatted a little why and then my husband said, "Ryan, if you'd like to kiss her, it's okay. I want her to be comfortable with you before I let her meet you alone."

Ryan turned to me and said, "Nikki, you okay with that?"

I nodded. I was nervous but excited. He leaned over and kissed me passionately. It was like a bolt of lightning went through my body from my head to my toes and I felt my pussy getting wet and tingly. He was running his hands up and down the inside of my thigh and then reaching up and cupping my tits over my top (I wasn't wearing a bra). I reached down and started rubbing his cock through his jeans and it sprang to life fast. I liked the way I could feel it grow in my hand. I wasn't real sure yet how big it was but it was nice and thick.

I pulled back from our embrace but kept rubbing his cock. I looked over at my husband who was watching us very closely and rubbing his cock through his jeans. He was obviously still okay with this - this was new to the both of us and I was worried if we actually did it, he would get freaked out but he seemed to be enjoying this as much as he thought he would. I asked him, "John baby, may I pull it out and see what he's got?"

He smiled really big and said, "Nik, you've got him all worked up, why don't you give him a blow job?"

"Okay", I said and I unbuckled Ryan's pants and pulled them to the ground around his ankles and I could see the huge bulge in his Calvin Klein boxer briefs and I rubbed my face on his cock a bit while I had the fingers of both hands on his waist band and then I pulled those to his ankles too.

"Holy shit!" I said. Those jeans held that cock in well. It was so thick my fingers could barely touch around it and although I didn't measure it, it was 9" or 10" long. I kissed him as I stroked his cock for a few minutes before getting down to business. I knelt on the couch so that John could get a good view and I began to lick all the precum off of Ryan's monster cock. Once I had sufficiently licked the tip of it, I put the head in my mouth and started sucking and licking as my left hand stroked his shaft and my right hand balanced myself.

I looked at my husband as I had that huge cock in my mouth and he pulled out his dick (which is pretty fucking big as well - he's no cuck) and started stroking himself slowly. Ryan began to moan and I could feel his cock throb in my mouth because it was such a tight fit. I started licking his shaft up and down and then licking his balls as I jerked him off and rubbed my thumb over his head. I reached back up and put the head in my mouth and started working it furiously. Ryan's moans sped up and within a minute he put his hands on my head. I look up at John and he says, "Make him cum baby. Don't you want him to cum in your mouth?"

With a mouthful of cock I tried to say, ""uh huh" but it came out as a mumble and I just kept stroking and sucking as hard and as fast as I could and Ryan starts to tremble and I hear him go, "Oh fuck bitch, I'm gonna fucking cum!" and while I am locking eyes with my husband, this stranger with a gigantic cock fills my mouth full of his cum. I keep sucking hard and Ryan keeps shaking. I am trying to suck every last drop of cum from his balls. With that huge cock in my mouth, the cum starts to leak out of my mouth smearing my already compromised lipstick and when I am sure I have tasted all the juice Ryan has to give me, I roll over on my back and play with the cum in my mouth.

John gets up and walks over to us and I open my mouth for him to see the monster load that came out of Ryan, although half of it was on my face. He said, "Swallow that baby" and I did as I was told but I did not touch the cum on my face.

Ryan stood up and pulled his pants up and turned to John. "I'd definitely like to see her again. Jesus fuck she can suck a dick."

John said, "I'll make her available next Saturday evening."

"I'll get us a room at The Standard downtown and she and I can meet at the bar if that's cool?"

"Sure thing, I can wait for her at the bar. I'll give you 2 hours."

"Perfect, see you then." With that, Ryan, without even saying goodbye, turned and let himself out of our house.

John walked over to me and sat on the couch. "You loved that baby, didn't you?"

"I did" I said, half giggling like a school girl.

"You like being a little slut. Just used as a place for guys to cum."

"I do."

With that, he rolled me over, jerked down my pants, ordered me to rub Ryan's cum all over my face and put my ass into the air and he slipped his cock into my dripping wet and eager pussy. I was so worked up and he was fucking me so hard I came within a few thrusts. I came repeatedly. I can't remember everything he was saying to me, but it was something to the effect of how much I liked sucking Ryan's cock and how I just loved big cock and I was dreaming of it pounding my pussy and asshole... and he was right, I couldn't wait for next Saturday when I could feel that thing inside of me... every time I pictured it I came again.

With John so worked up from watching, he only lasted about 5 minutes. He was pounding my cunt so hard, I'm surprised he made it that long, he loves fucking me from behind. He pulled out, rolled me over, grabbed me by the hair and came hard directly on my face. His cum mixing with Ryan's and I tried to get as much of it as I could with my tongue and then I took my finger and pulled the rest of it into my mouth - their cum mixing together and tasting so sweet.

I will tell more of my escapades with Ryan, but I'll tell you right now, I am looking forward to the day I have both of those cocks at the same time... Ryan is a little hesitant about that, but John is all in... Ryan will either get with the program or he will be replaced.