 Although she was by no means a poor girl, her father having left her well-provided for, Sabrina told Tera over breakfast one morning that she wanted to get a job. She wanted some spending money, she wanted to stop sitting around the house -- so to speak.

Eyebrows raised, Tera said to her playmate, "Bored honey-bunch?"

Sipping her coffee, Sabrina nodded. "I like having all the adventures, but they happen at night! I haven't got bugger-all to do in the daytime and sexual fantasies just get me hornier!"

Tera laughed, slathering cream cheese on her bagel and sitting down at the table with her house mate, sipping at her own mug of coffee. "What are you experienced to do hun?"

"When daddy was alive, I did all the paperwork, typing, filing and research work for him. Is that any kind of work experience Tera?" Tera nodded in the affirmative.

"As a matter of fact," Tera replied, applying sugar to the steaming black mug of coffee, "I know of a man who could use an assistant. His last one just quit to get married (it'll last 3 months) and he needs someone fast. Let me make a phone call and we will set something up. Go get dressed - sexy, but practical - and I'll drive you over there!"

Sabrina raced upstairs and began dressing. The dress was black, mild-calf. Boots this time, not shoes (although the boots had a nice heel). She still wore stockings, she'd gotten used to the feel of them and she kept the blouse open strategically, allowing a glimpse of black lace bra to show. She brushed her hair till it gleamed, her smile would have dazzled even a blind man. She looked fabulous, which belied her nervousness. Her first job interview! The butterflies in her stomach were doing a Samba!

The building at which the pair arrived was imposing, but not ostentatious. Tera gave her playmate a kiss, sliding her tongue gently along her lips, and wished her luck. Sabrina walked up the stairs to the floor she was looking for, those selfsame butterflies making her stomach flutter.

She entered the office and was not greeted by a receptionist, which surprised her, but the man with whom she had the interview, Gerald Anderson.

Sabrina felt her stomach flutter again, but for an entirely different reason. Although Gerald ("Call me Gerry", he told her) was nearing 50, he was gorgeous. He was almost regal in his bearing, tall, with piercing blue eyes and salt and pepper short hair. The suit was a charcoal Grey and his shoes were polished until they sparkled. Sabrina was verrry glad she'd dressed as she had.

The talked, informally, but Sabrina found it hard to concentrate, this man impressed her so much. She hung on every word, certain she was coming across as a babbling idiot, yet anxious to get the job so she could work around him every day. It was silly, she knew, yet her body ached for him already.

She had no clue as to whether or not she'd gotten the job until he took her hand and asked if she could start tomorrow. Sabrina was shaking as she took his hand, and Gerry noticed and looked at her with concern.

"What's wrong?," he asked her, the concern in his voice as well. "Are you feeling ill Sabrina?"

She shook her head, feeling silly. "It's nothing!," she intoned.

"Please tell me!," he repeated with kindness. Sabrina sighed.

"I am glad I got the job - and thank you for that - but since the minute I laid eyes on you, I thought you were one of the most striking men I've ever seen and I find you very desirable!", Sabrina said, feeling every inch the fool, and knowing she was probably about 10 shades of red.

He laughed, but it wasn't a cruel or mocking laugh. "I thought you were sexy, lovely and hot and that if I were 20 years younger Sabrina, I'd have had a hard time keeping my hands off you!"

She smiled, but this smile was not a shy one. "Why worry about being younger? I think you're majorly hot right now! Is anyone coming in the office in the next little while?" Gerry shook his head and she flashed him a dazzling smile.

"Okay then!" Sabrina stepped away from him and began to unbutton her blouse in front of him. She shimmied out of the dress and it fell in a puddle to the floor. She now stood before him in boots, panties (barely) and stockings. This man was going to be her lover, the first one she'd chosen - and the one she wanted most! Her legs felt like jelly underneath her, but she was determined to have this man!

Gerry's head was spinning. At his age, despite keeping up appearances, he'd never thought he'd be having sex with someone so amazingly beautiful. The way Sabrina smiled, the way her hips swayed seductively as she walked towards him, the sparkle in her eyes and those shining red lips - she was incredible and all of her was going to join with all of him. He felt his cock tingle in his pants and it was taking all of his will not to rip off his clothes and take her right there.

Their lips crushed together, fused with passion. In all his years, Gerry had never been kissed like that. Her tongue slid sinuously across his lips, and he tensed with passion. Her fingers stroked his cheek as they kissed, her beautiful breasts pressed tightly against his chest.

"Let's get you out of that silly suit!," Sabrina purred suggestively.

"Silly? This is Armani, very expensive, young lady!," he chided her.

"Waste of money when you're going to be naked and fucking me!", the newly-bold Sabrina retorted, pulling off the silk tie.

There was a desire in her that was overtaking all of Sabrina's inhibitions. She could tell from the bulge in his pants that Gerry had a big one - and she wanted to ride it, to have it fuck her doggy-style, to pump in and out of her pussy, to make her scream with ecstasy.

Gerry was feeling a lust for this beautiful creature he'd never felt for any woman. She pulled him towards her again, kissing him and raking her nails into his now-exposed back. He let out a sharp groan that thrilled her immensely. 

Sabrina giggled as she felt him shudder with pleasure. He stumbled slightly as he removed his slacks, standing before his young lover nearly naked.

She ran her palm flat against his cock and purred, "Yummm, nice one!" She fished it out of his boxers and began to caress it, teasingly, feeling every veiny and pulse, wanting to take it in her mouth, wanting to drain him and make him beg her for more. She licked and slurped around the head for a second, teasing her newest lover.

Aggressively, Sabrina pushed him down on the leather couch in his office. She smiled, seductively down at him and slid off his silk boxers. His dick was huge - she didn't know if she could take all of his cock - but she wanted to! She was determined to have as much of Gerry Anderson as her body could take!

Purring with lust, she took him in her mouth. Sabrina wasn't quiet about loving this man, she sucked, slurped and gasped for more, wanting mouthful after mouthful of man flesh. He ran his fingers through her hair as she gobbled his fuck-stick and occasional moans of pleasure escaped his lips. Stopping, she swung around and straddled his face.

Gerry wasn't hesitant for a second about eating her beautiful trimmed pussy, golden blonde with pink, full lips. He nibbled and licked and tongued her hot slit until they were mutually groaning in newfound lusts. She smelled fresh and sweet and he wanted to stay there all day, taking in all of her sweet nectar, licking her deeper and tasting her juices on his tongue.

For what seemed like an hour, they continued their foreplay, matching each other's lust in nearly perfect unison. She licked, he licked. He caressed, she caressed. It was like they'd found a sex-mate in perfect synch.

Finally, the new lovers could wait no more. Sabrina climbed aboard his large cock and thrust herself upon it. His hands played gently with her tits as she rode him, tightening her pussy muscles around his shaft, milking as much pleasure from it as she possibly could.

"Ohhh godd, Gerry, you have a good cock! Fuck me with it lover, fuck me hard with that big hard dick baby!" she yelled out boldly, tightening her cunt around it as Tera had taught her to do.

She bounced up and down on Gerry's prick and he matched her every movement. He would shove deep into her, hearing her little "oooh, oooh, oooh's" of lust and her singsong "fuckmefuckmefuckme". His groans immediately followed and their bodies slapped together in an erotic dance. She churned her hips against his invading cock, giving him the full measure of her fucking talents.

She swirled and wiggled her hips, rolling them in an erotic arc, then slamming against him again. Her pussy lips were engorged with blood, dark red against his much-paler cock. Their bodies were aglow with sweat and heat, her pussy pulsated around his massive club.

Harder and harder, faster and faster, the two lovers fucked. Pumping, thrusting, moving together in unison until neither could wait anymore.

Finally, with a shared scream, both lovers exploded, Gerry cumming inside her tight pussy, her juices mingling with his man-sauce. She slid a finger down there and licked it clean, leering a little at her new lover.

"I think this job will work out beautifully for us both Sabrina!" Gerald smiled at her as they cleaned up.

"Call me Bree!" she purred as she ran her hands over his chest.