 Patrick and Caroline woke up after a night of passion. Patrick asked Caroline if she would like to spend the day at the beach. She said, "I would love to."

They drove 45 minutes west and stopped at a state park. The park had a boat that shuttled guest out to a series of shelter islands in the Gulf of Mexico. When they boarded the boat, it was the first step of their erotic journey. 

Patrick stood behind his lover as the boat whisked them away. The sun made her hair glow and the wind played in her hair. Patrick loved being with her, and Caroline wore a smile that showed she felt the same. The sea was calm, but Patrick's heart beat rapidly. Here he was, with his babe, his love, his bliss.

The boat arrived at the island. As they debarked they noticed how quiet and peaceful the island was. It seemed like they had the island to themselves. Patrick closed his eyes and pretended that they were castaways from a ship wreck; all alone. It was a lovely fantasy.

They walked the beach, hand in hand. Patrick set down the bag that contained a blanket, some wine and some beach towels. Caroline had packed a light lunch. 

Caroline began to strip off her clothing. After she disrobed, Patrick gazed at her body. She was tanned and radiant. Her body was strong, yet showed off her womanly curves. Her bikini was black and very small. Patrick undressed as well. He was wearing a navy blue swimming suit. The hours he spent running and working out showed in his strong arms and legs.

Patrick laughed as Caroline ran into the water unexpectedly. He ran after her and dove into the surf. He tried to swim up to Caroline, but he was not a match for her prowess in the water. Try as he might he could not catch her.

Finally, he submerged and took some powerful strokes. As he kicked and pulled himself under water he felt her thighs brush against his hand. Patrick shot up out of the water like a rocket, took a huge breath and then, wrapped his arms around Caroline's waist. As he kissed her neck he whispered in her ear all the lovely things he wanted to do to her.

Caroline turned and they kissed with depth and passion. Their desire grew and he grabbed her ass and pulled her into his warm groin. He knew he needed here and now.

Patrick untied her bikini top and feasted on Caroline's wet nipples. The sea salt gave her breasts an exotic flavor, like a salted glass filled with a Margarita. He sucked her breasts, one then the other. Caroline's nipples hardened and Patrick sucked them more firmly. He then bit down lightly on her nubs. She responded by pulling his head into her body. At the same time their cores melded. His hardening cock seeking her soft moist center.

The lust was now overwhelming. Patrick pulled off his suit, and stripped down Caroline's bikini bottoms. Recklessly he flung them towards the beach, not caring if the sea took them. Caroline raised her legs and wrapped them around Patrick's back. She reached between them and grasped his swollen dick. She rubbed the head of his manhood all over her wet pussy lips and then over her clit.

Patrick felt her pussy accept his hard cock inch by inch. Caroline tilted her pelvis up, so he could fuck her deeper and faster. She was wet and hot and he was hard and long. Their tempo grew. Patrick sensed that Caroline wanted this coupling to be hard, hot, fast and intense. He grasped her ass and pulled her towards him with every thrust.

They felt the sun's rays. The hot and erotic warmth from nature matched the furnace that was their passion. Patrick fucked Caroline as deep and as quickly as he could. She grasped his prick with the walls of her sweet vagina. Patrick felt his balls tighten with come. He wanted to flood her sweet pussy with his sticky, warm seed. Caroline's moans grew louder. As they approached their orgasms their senses were flooded.

The sea water flowed between them as he pounded his prick into her wet, tight, core. Patrick felt his balls begin to drain and he shot his semen deep inside of her. Caroline's moans turned to cries as she exploded with him. They kept up their furious pace as he expelled every drop of come inside her. Caroline's pussy quivered with the aftershocks of their lustful fuck. 

As they walked to the shore, again hand in hand, they knew that this magical day was far from over. They had hours before reality, and the real world intruded upon them again. Patrick kissed Caroline, and said, "I Love you." Caroline's smile beamed and warmed him deeply. 

It was the start of a heavenly day.