 He pushed her gently through the open door, making sure that her eyes were completely covered. Manoeuvring her through the small apartment, he ushered her into the dimly-lit bathroom and closed the door behind them.

“Open”, he said, uncovering her eyes. He watched her blink several times as her eyes adjusted to the change of lighting, and then watched as she broke out in a wide smile. She threw her arms around him and pressed her lips firmly against his.

“Happy birthday, sweetheart.”

“You are the BEST boyfriend in the world, did you know that?” She kissed him again and then looked around their small bathroom. There were candles everywhere, the flames creating flickering patterns on the white tiled walls. Rose petals had been scattered all over the floor, and the tub was full with steaming water and frothy bubbles.

“That’s not all.” He winked and opened one of the cabinets, emerging seconds later with two glasses and a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket. He popped the cork and poured, handing a glass over to her. She took it gladly and sipped, savouring the crisp taste and the feel of the bubbles against her tongue.

“Well, you have thought of everything!”

He smiled, and took the glass out of her hands. Cupping her face in his hands, he kissed her softly, tasting the champagne on her lips. Pulling away, he looked at her face; the beautiful brown eyes, the well sculpted bone structure, and the full, pouty pink mouth. He had fallen in love with those features over two years ago, and never tired of seeing them. With slow, well-practised hands, he began to undress her; uncovering the body that, despite having seen hundreds of times before, still thrilled him. He unbuttoned her white shirt, letting it fall to the tiled floor and then, after removing her shoes, slid off her jeans. He stepped back, away from her, drinking in every inch of her slim body now encased only in a lacy white bra and matching thong.

“What are you staring at?”

“I don’t know, but it’s sexy as hell.”

She smiled, her lips parting to reveal straight white teeth. “How about if I took this off?” She traced the material of her bra with one finger; running it lightly over a nipple. She met his gaze and ran her tongue over her lower lip slowly. Hooking a thumb under each strap, she lowered them down her arms, until her breasts threatened to spill out over the edges of the cups. Removing her arms from the straps, she held the flimsy garment against her breasts, grinning as she teased him.

“Hey, who’s birthday is it? Yours or mine?”

She laughed at his little joke and kissed him again as he moved closer. His hands moved slowly up and down her back, finally resting at the fastening of her bra. With ease, he snapped it open and felt it slip down between their bodies to join the rest of her clothes on the floor. He pulled her closer, feeling her breasts crush against his chest. He slid his hands down her back again, letting them rest on the swell of her buttocks. He gave them a playful squeeze and laughed as she protested loudly. He hooked his fingers into the soft waistband of her thong and pulled down, allowing her to help him with their removal. Satisfied that his woman was completely naked, once again he stepped away and looked at her.

She rolled her eyes and crossed the bathroom. Grabbing an elastic hair band, she gathered up her long dark hair and tied it up in a loose knot on the top of her head. She picked up her glass of champagne and took another sip, eying her boyfriend over the rim of her glass. “Well, what next?”

He didn’t answer for a second, his attention was directed elsewhere. His gaze travelled the whole length of her body. Her small delicate feet, her toenails painted a deep red. Her long, slim, lightly-tanned legs and smooth slender thighs. Her womanly hips and flat, toned stomach. He allowed himself a while longer when his gaze rested on her breasts. Perfect; not too big, yet full and firm. They had yet to show a single trace of aging, sitting pert and proud topped with pink nipples that were not quite erect. He pried his eyes away and continued the ascent of his journey of her body; up over her delicate collarbone, up her long slim neck, finally stopping again at her lovely oval face. He crossed the room to her, and took her hand in his. He helped her step into the large deep bath tub, and knelt down beside it as she settled down.

“Aren’t you coming in with me?”

“No, you just enjoy it.”

“I’d enjoy it more if you were in here with me,” she said, but looked as if she didn’t care either way. She lay back, luxuriating in the bubbles, her glass of champagne held loosely in the hand that she kept dangling over the side of the tub. She closed her eyes and smiled as she heard soft music begin to play. Chris DeBurgh’s Lady in Red. She raised her leg and wiggled her toes, showing him her painted toenails. She heard him laugh, and giggled herself; mainly at his choice of cheesy love song.

He listened as she sang along, slightly off-key. Laughing, he reached out and stroked her soft hair, brushing aside the strands that had escaped from captivity. He got to his feet and leant down to kiss her forehead. “Come into the bedroom when you’re done in here, I have another surprise for you.” He left the room, ignore her excited questioning.

He only had to wait five minutes until he heard the bathroom door open and the sound of damp feet padding along the hallway. He smiled at her impatience and sat down on the edge of their double bed. He watched the door as it opened and she slipped inside, her beautiful face lighting up as she drank in her surroundings. Every flat surface was cluttered with candles which made the walls, painted a deep red, seem to glow. She ran over to the window where two dozen red and white roses were artfully arranged in a crystal vase.

“God, I love you, you gorgeous man!”

She ran across the room, wrapping her bath towel tighter around her body and jumped onto his lap, causing them both to be sent sprawling backwards. She covered his mouth with her own and kissed him deeply, her hands finding their way to his dark blonde curls. Her damp body, still encased in an even damper towel, was pressed hard against him; their legs entangled.

“Hey! You’re making me all wet!”

“I could say the same about you.”

He laughed and gently pushed her away. “I’ll go and get the champagne” he said, as he got to his feet, panting slightly from the ferocity of her kisses. He winked at her and left the room quickly, eager to return.

She watched him leave, and then noticed that he’d spread rose petals all over their bed too. She smiled and scrambled to her feet. She let her towel fall to the ground and reached up to untie her hair, watching in the mirror as it tumbled around her shoulders in long glossy waves. She positioned herself on the bed, in what she thought to be a seductive pose. However, it didn’t last long as, on his return, she burst into a fit of giggles. He walked through the door completely naked, his lean body listening with moisture; his modesty protected only by the ice bucket that held their bottle of champagne.

“Isn’t that cold?”

“It’s freezing, now shut up.”

“You forgot the glasses!”

“We won’t be needing glasses.”

He set the bucket down on the floor beside their bed and positioned himself over her. He brushed her hair back from her face and kissed her lightly. She responded greedily, parting his lips with her tongue; causing their mouths to mesh together tightly. After a minute or so, he forced himself to pull away; he smiled at her disappointed face, and then lowered his lips to her throat. He traced his lips slowly over the vulnerable skin, glad to hear her low groans of appreciation. His hands travelled down her body to rest on her hips as his lips moved down over her collarbone. With another quick kiss, he knelt up between her legs, shaking his head as she moved to sit up with him. She frowned and leant back on her elbows, watching him through slightly narrowed eyes. He smiled and moved slowly down the bed.

Gently, he took one of her feet into his hands, rubbing the underneath slowly and firmly with his thumbs. He rubbed harder as he heard her moan and fall back against the pillows. He lifted the foot slightly and bent his head, kissing the soft skin near the underneath of her toes. With his tongue, he lightly traced a line up and down the underneath of her foot, causing her toes to curl. He raised her leg higher, pushing it up over his shoulder. With feather-light kisses, he kissed his way up her slender calf, over her knee, and up along the inside of her thigh. He heard her breathe in deeply as his lips moved closer towards her neatly trimmed pubic hair, only to breathe out again in frustration as he stopped, and moved down to administer the same treatment to her other foot and leg.

Only this time, he didn’t stop when he reached the top of her thigh. She lowered her leg, curling it around his back as he kissed her pussy lips softly. She closed her eyes, waiting to feel his fingers part her lips, and his tongue to find its way to her clitoris. But, that didn’t happen; inside his lips moved upwards towards her stomach. She opened her eyes and raised her head impatiently.

“You’re a fucking tease, do you know that?”

“Oh, shut up, you impatient cow. You know what they say.”

“What? That men are bastards?”

“No,” he replied, kissing up over her stomach, lifting his body until his face was level with hers. “Good things come to those who wait.”

“Oh …”

“No, you naughty girl,” he slapped her hand away gently as it moved down between their bodies, reaching for his stirring cock. “Don’t do that, just lie back and behave.”

She did as he asked and lay back as he kissed between her breasts. With the thumb of one hand, he circled her nipple slowly, and with the other reached down into the ice bucket, retrieving a single, melting ice cube. Smiling at her, he pressed the cold cube against her nipple, making her gasp. He ran it lightly over her breast, the droplets of water glistening on her tanned skin. He moved the ice cube slowly over to the other nipple, gliding it slowly across the little bud that hardened instantly. He slipped the ice cube into his mouth and moved up to kiss her, feeling her cold, hard nipples against his chest. They kissed, tongues pushing together, the ice melting in the heat that their mouths were creating. He pulled away again, cool water running down his chin, dripping down onto her chest. He reached down beside the bed again, this time returning with the half-full bottle of champagne. He dribbled some into her mouth, licking away the liquid that spilled over her lips. Sitting up slightly, he held the cold bottle against her stomach, enjoying her squeals of protest. Tipping the bottle, he poured a steady stream over her chest, watching as the bubbly golden liquid flowed over her swollen pink nipples. Quickly he bent his head and took a nipple into his mouth, sucking at it gently, savouring the sharpness of the champagne mixed with the delicious flavour of her skin. He circled the nipple with his tongue, sucking and biting at it gently; moving his mouth across to her other breast as he felt her fingers run through his hair and her little moans get louder and louder.

“Would you like me to finish what I started a few minutes ago?”

“Yes, please.”

He smiled at her whispered response, and replaced the bottle, picking up another ice cube.

“No! Not down there!”

He ignored her, and positioned himself between her readily parted legs. He pushed them further apart, and bent his head to kiss her pussy. He ran his tongue up and down her pouty outer lips, and then with his thumbs, spread them open to reveal her deep pinkness. Her clit was already hard, poking out from beneath its little hood, eager for attention. Glad to oblige, he pressed the smuggled ice cube against the sensitive nub, causing her to cry out; her legs trying to push together to combat the cold. He tortured her for a little while longer, rubbing the ice cube over her clit, watching it melt; the water running down her pussy in tiny rivulets. Knowing that she couldn’t take anymore, he lowered his head and took her hard little clit between his lips, sucking it firmly; his hands spreading her pussy open even wider. He licked at her harder as she raised her hips towards his face, his tongue moving down from her clit to the opening of her vagina. He dipped his tongue inside slightly, tasting her musky juices, and then began to lap at her; his tongue flicking in and out of her pussy while his thumb continued to rub at her clit. She was thrusting her hips now, practically fucking his tongue; needing to feel it deeper inside of her. As he heard her the pace of her breathing quicken, he quickly replaced his tongue with two fingers; pushing them in and out of her as fast as he could manage, while his lips moved back up to her clitoris. As she approached her orgasm, he felt her hands on his head; gripping his hair, pulling his face closer into her pussy as she ground herself against his fingers and tongue.

“Mmm, that was nice.”

He smiled, running his tongue along her soft pussy lips again, tasting the sharp sweetness of her come. Pushing himself onto his knees, he looked down at her flushed, smiling face. She reached out and grabbed his hand, pulling it towards her face. Her eyes never leaving his, she took two of his fingers between her lips and sucked at them slowly; tasting herself.

“Taste good?”

“Mmm, I’d rather be sucking on something else though.”

“Not tonight, you can do that tomorrow if you must.”

He took his cock, which was only semi-hard, into his hand and started rubbing it with hard, firm strokes. She propped herself up on her elbows and watched him; something she had always enjoyed. She watched as it swelled in his hand, the wide red tip glistening with pre-come. She wanted to lean down and lick it off, but decided against it, as he had warned her not to. Instead, she reached down between her own legs with one hand and, with her index and ring finger, spread herself open, using her middle finger to slowly, lazily circle her hard, swollen clit. 

“So impatient, aren’t you?”

She laughed and moved her hand away as he moved closer, cock still in his hand. He lined it up with the entrance of her pussy and pushed, just the head of his cock, inside her. He pulled back again, teasing her with the tip of his dick. He wanted to hear her ask to be fucked. After a couple of shallow thrusts, he got what he wanted.

“Please, just fuck me.”

He couldn’t deny her, especially not on her birthday. Gripping hold of her waist, he pushed his cock deep inside her, savouring the sensation of the walls of her tight wetness gripping him. She raised her hips to meet his every thrust, their pelvic bones grinding together as he slid his hard cock in and out of her; pounding her pussy with hard, fast strokes. He leant forward and took one of her nipples in his mouth, while his hands manoeuvred her legs over his shoulders once again, allowing him to enter her more deeply.

She pushed forward, her legs tightening their grip around his neck. She wrapped her fingers around his wrists, crying out as he bit down softly on her breast. He was banging in and out of her, slamming his cock deep into her pussy, making her gasp with every thrust. She could feel the orgasm building up inside of her; could feel the familiar tingling in her clit. He could feel it too. 

“Turn over.”

She took a moment to calm her breathing and quickly turned over onto her knees, supporting her weight on her elbows.

“Spread your pussy for me.”

She did as he asked. Supporting herself with one arm, she reached down between her legs and spread herself open wide, waiting to feel him inside her again.

“Wider.”

He watched as she opened herself up for him; saw how wet she was and how far her clit was protruding from its hood. From experience, he knew that she wouldn’t last much longer; he doubted he would either. Taking his cock in his hand again, he rubbed the tip against her clit and over her fingers; teasing her once again. Then, without warning he thrust inside her, knocking her off balance. Grabbing her hips to both steady her and support himself, he pounded his cock hard and fast in and out of her cunt. He listened to her loud groans of approval and picked up the pace; slamming himself in and out of her tight, wet pussy.

“Oh God,”

She cried out as she orgasmed, a long guttural shout as he continued fucking her. He felt her pussy get even slicker as she came, coating his cock with her juices; her pussy contracting around him. With one last thrust, he exploded, coming hard and fast inside her; releasing long spurts of his warm thick come into her cunt. With a loud grunt, he fell down on top of her, wrapping his arms tightly around her. He brushed her long, damp hair away from her shoulder and kissed the smooth skin that was glistening with moisture.

“That was a nice birthday present.”

He smiled, listening to her slow panting, and rolled over onto his back, lifting his arm as she snuggled in against his chest. Stroking the soft skin of her arm, he kissed the top of her head, smelling her hair and falling in love all over again.

“Feels like it’s my birthday, too.”

She tilted her head and they kissed, softly and slowly. She pulled away, a sly smile spreading across her lips.

“Hmm, well, it’s your birthday next month. I’ll just have to see what surprises I can come up with.”