 The following week Julie was due to visit Tom again and her emotions were a mixture of trepidation as to what his partner would be like. Feeling cheap at what had happened last time and how he had used her like his slave she felt nervous excitement at just what he'd demand this time. The next deal was important as the commission was great, but she had her limits after all however the fact that'd we'd been at it like rabbits since she told me I reassured her that I was ok with it. As she kissed me goodbye that morning I told her to come back with the deal and make sure she tells me all about it and this is what happened.

She arrived at Tom's office feeling very nervous as to what he'd be like this time, still uncertain as to whether she would let him use her again or perhaps maybe this time, he'd just sign with no strings attached? But then again did she want that? She was physically trembling as she walked into his office building, usual business outfit on, but this time a short white two-piece suit with flesh colored stockings, high heels and little skimpy knickers on which were already getting damp as she walked in. Tom's secretary showed her straight into to his office and he smiled as she walked in and told his secretary that he wasn't to be disturbed as she closed the door.

"You wouldn't want us disturbed would you slut." 

He said to Julie with a strictness in his voice that immediately let Julie know he meant business, before they did business!

She nervously said no as he got up and walked around his desk and positioned himself behind her and as she turned to face him, he firmly took hold of her arms and stopped her turning round. He held her firmly and started to press his already hard cock against her ass and whispered how much he'd been looking forward to seeing her again and that he hoped she wouldn't disappoint him! He then pushed her slowly but firmly forward so she was leaning over his desk and placed his hand right up her skirt and felt her now very wet pussy. He remarked at how wet it was, 'just like he remembered' and pulled her knickers off roughly and told her strictly to spread her legs and wait for his cock. He told her how he was going to fuck her soaking wet pussy so hard and he knew she wanted it.

"Tell me you want it Julie." 

He said as she heard his zip go down and felt his cock fall onto her ass cheeks. 

"Come on slut beg for it." He said 

Christ she was so hot for it now, she readily agreed in her mind now she was his slave and had to do what he wanted and boy did it turn her on.

"I want it, oh please yes fuck me Tom, please fuck me." She almost screamed out at him.

At that he quickly thrust his cock straight up her pussy, hard and fast, straight up almost lifting her off her feet with the force. He fucked her hard and fast while pinning her down to his desk so she was powerless to resist not that she wanted to. It was a quick cum for both of them and soon he was filling her hole with his spunk as her juices flowed down and round his cock, boy was her pussy soaking. He immediately stood up, pulled his zip up, and went round to his seat now grinning at her with smug satisfaction at the power he had over her, he then told her to smarten herself up and get out. 

Feeling cheap and used but so turned on at how he treated her she asked if the deal was done. 

"No that'll be clinched tonight if you do as you're told." He responded. 

He gave her hotel keys and explained that she would meet his partner tonight who was looking forward to meeting her and that she should go to room 167 and slip into the outfit he'd left on the bed for her and not to put anything over it. Then strangely he said, at 10pm I want you to come to room 175. She started to ask questions but he told her just to go and rest up, because she'd need her energy later!

She did as she was told and she went to the room wondering what he'd have left out for her and what was in store for her in room 175? As she entered the room, she saw a black and white French maids outfit on the bed, black stockings and suspenders and 5" heels. God she would look a real tart in that, but assumed that his partner must go for that sort of outfit. For the next 6 hours she lay wondering what his partner would be like. Should she wear it? Why were they not coming to her room? Should she just go home? What was she doing there? Why was she so turned on? 

Anyway, 9.30 came and she decided she'd come this far so 'what the hell' and started to dress to please. She'd never had two men at the same time before, although it was a long time fantasy, what was it going to feel like? Sucking on one cock whilst getting fucked by another, holding two cocks in her hands at the same time, licking them both and sucking them off, oh yes 'what the hell' it may never happen again! She made up her mind she was going for it, once fully dressed she put on her make up and admired herself in the mirror. She knew she looked hot in that outfit, her legs looked fantastic in those heels and the low cut front showed off her tits, full and ample and her heart pounded with excitement. It was now time for the short walk down the corridor to room 175. 

She didn't want anyone to see her this way, but remembered he said not to put anything over it, so she walked quickly down the hall hoping he'd answer at the first knock and let her in quick and not leave her standing outside. She gently knocked on the door and was relieved when Tom opened it quickly and let her in, but her heart quickly sank as the door closed behind her and she saw 5 men sitting around a table playing cards. There she was looking right a tart with 5 men now staring at her and welcoming her in. She stepped back towards the door and felt Tom grip her arm firmly and gently ease her into the bathroom. 

She protested once there and asked him what the hell was going on, he explained that one was his partner and the others were important customers and he needed her help to swing a deal with them. He asked her did she want him to sign her deal or not, all she had to do was be nice to them and serve some drinks and relax. She was now flustered and completely taken aback by the situation she found herself in. 

"Fine the choice is yours, walk out the door now, get dressed and go home, or...relax and serve some drinks." Tom said as she protested again.

He walked out the bathroom and took his seat at the card table again. What a situation, she was very confused, should she stay or go? As she stood there trembling, she felt her knickers very damp again and knew she was incredibly turned on, could she handle this, could she get away with serving a few drinks, is that all she really wanted? Again 'what the hell' she thought I've come this far and she took a deep breath and walked out.

"What would you gentlemen like to drink?" She asked. 

Tom introduced them all and they all eagerly ordered their drinks. As she poured the drinks she now started to have a good look at them all, all shapes and sizes she thought to herself. One a bit like Tom, early fifties in reasonable shape but nothing special (Stan), the second one a bit older and fatter and definitely not her cup of tea (John, turned out to be Tom's partner), the next one early thirties handsome and right up her street! (Paul) and the last one looked too young to be there, 20 or 21 she guessed and boyish good looks (Simon).

As she poured the drinks the compliments started to flow about her legs, her figure, her tits the lot, John said that Tom had told him all about her and he complimented Tom on his decision to seal the deal with Julie and he pointed out how difficult it was going to be to concentrate now! And as she delivered the drinks she felt his hand grope her ass, making it quite plain what he wanted and expected. As she handed out the drinks, Paul gently caressed her leg and Stan went further by pulling her towards him nuzzling into her breasts. She looked at Tom for some assistance and Tom just told her to, 'be nice'. 

As she pushed herself away from Stan whilst the others laughed she noticed that Simon didn't and he looked as nervous as her. Tom told her to come round and sit on his knee for luck, as she did so her skirt rode up and her stockings and suspenders were clearly on show. They played a couple of hands and the chat got sexier and more direct, by now John's hand was caressing her leg getting further up her leg each time and now squeezing the flesh between her stockings and knickers. She told me that she was astonished, as here was this old fat man who if truth be told she actually found totally repulsive, touching her up with his hand between her legs and she was wet.

She could see the rest were watching and almost drooling. She could now feel Tom's hard-on as she sat on his knee and then Tom took her by surprise.

"Lets make this hand more interesting...the winner gets to take Julie into the next room and fuck her." He announced. 

She sat there stunned as they all readily agreed and the cards were dealt. God was this actually happening? Tom looked at her and said that's ok Julie isn't it and she claims she had an almost 'out of body experience' as her lips said yes, while her mind raced. She watched intently now hoping and praying that Paul won as she wanted him anyway, equally praying that John didn't win for obvious reasons! Stan well... Ok and Simon, well.... she wasn't sure if he would or could he looked so nervous.

Anyway the game concluded and Simon won, as the other 4 cursed their luck they also cheered for him and egged him on saying go on son, sort her out. Simon stood up obviously pleased but obviously nervous and Tom walked over to the bedroom door and opened it and said go on then, let's not waste time and said Julie be gentle with the lad teasingly. Julie walked in and Simon followed and boy was he excited, he immediately pushed her onto the bed and started to kiss her passionately, deep French kissing her, with his hands grabbing her body and roaming all over her, fast and roughly, desperately wanting a fuck, but lacking the experience to co-ordinate how he was going to do it. 

Julie was so wet as he ripped at her knickers and tore them off, he undid his belt, unzipped his trousers and his hard cock fell out. There was no attempt at foreplay just animal lust as he quickly pushed his cock in between her wet pussy lips and thrust with all his might until he came in a matter of seconds relieving all his youthful energy with great haste, before she even had a chance to cum herself. She lay there with him breathing heavily on top of her and as he pulled out she felt his cum as it trickled out her pussy. Still fully clothed apart from her knickers such was his haste / need. She was now very randy and aware of his youth and the fact that he'd probably get hard again pretty quick, she started to kiss him again, this time intending to take control and get full pleasure. 

However just then she heard Paul's voice as he entered the room and asked whether she had room for him! 

"I'm sure I could fit you in." 

She quickly said and sat up on the bed. 

As Simon got up to leave, Paul told him not too, but to stay, watch, and learn. This got Julie very hot, who knows what could happen she thought, I might get my two-man experience after all. Paul walked over to her and immediately got his cock out and told her to suck him which she immediately responded too and greedily took his length in her mouth, he was about 7 inches, average thickness, but hard and she knew he was in control this time unlike Simon and she could look forward to a good fuck. 

Simon watched as she licked and sucked on Paul's cock for a few minutes, fondling his balls and tasting his pre-cum. She wanted him in her pussy badly, but he held her head in place and started to fuck her mouth telling her he was going to cum in there and she was to swallow the lot. She was torn between disappointment as she wanted to feel his cock in her and being so turned on at being used again and doing as she was told. She did as she was told and soon felt his hot spunk spurting into her mouth and looked at Simon as his jaw dropped with excitement. 

Once Paul had came she wanted Simon again, but as she turned to him she then saw Stan walk in and say, 

"For gods sake lads, you haven't even got her clothes off yet?" Said Stan. 

Stan walked over and Julie decided just to let things happen as god she needed a cock in her pussy right now. Stan took her hand, stood her up and kissed her gently. Slowly he was undoing her ties at the back of her maid uniform and then easing it down over her shoulders and down to the floor. By now stepping back slightly so he could admire her body as he undressed her. He then kissed her again as he undid her bra and cupped her tits in his hands before lowering his lips to lick and nibble on her rock hard nipples, as he did so she could feel Simon's hands start to run up her legs and onto her naked pussy (oh she liked this). 

Stan then told Simon to move his hands as he was going to fuck her. He stood up and eased Julie onto the bed, now just with her stockings, suspenders and high heels on and told her to open her legs. He then positioned himself between her legs and caressed her clit and pussy lips with the head of his nice fat cock before sliding it into her. She immediately came hard as she bucked under his fucking movements. She was so ready for this and wanted more, lots more!! 

As she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in deeper she could feel Simon's cock again, now hard and placed in her hand. As Stan shagged her she wanked Simon and then guided him up to her mouth, she wanted to feel a man at both ends at long last. Just then Stan started to unload his cum in her, groaning wildly with pleasure as he did so before rolling off with a smile as he told her how hot she was. 

She still hadn't felt a man at each end yet and gently sucked on Simon's cock not wanting to bring him off until someone helped her out. Just then in walked John, the sleaze ball! And without saying anything he started to strip as he watched her lick and suck on Simon. She watched him not wanting him...but at the same time wanting him badly too. As he lowered his shorts, her eyes almost popped out her head as he revealed the biggest cock she had ever seen in her life, it must have been about 10 inches and he smiled.

"I thought you'd be pleased sweetheart, now roll over onto your front and lets see how much you can take." John Said.

She did so willingly as she wanted that cock badly and she could have Simon in her mouth at the same time as well and fulfill that fantasy. She groaned in ecstasy as John entered her and slowly pushed in deeper and deeper as she self lubricated him by immediately coming on his dick. She then received the thrill of her life as John and Simon fucked both ends bringing her off several times to her great delight. She surprised herself and took all of John's cock (with pleasure) before Simon started to shoot his load into her mouth and she sucked him dry. She noticed Tom was also in the room now watching it all and smiling and he urged her on to do whatever she wanted. She told him to come and lie on the bed so she could ride him and John could also fuck her at the same time from behind. He readily agreed and assumed the position and watched as she lowered herself onto his hard cock while he played with her tits and John then entered her again from behind!

She was in heaven now, two cocks stretching her pussy at the same time and she moaned with pleasure as they struck up a rhythm and fucked her. Again she came wildly Paul then offered his cock to her mouth again, which she readily accepted, now feeling three cocks use her... could life be any better? Stan was now hard again and told John to hurry up as he'd had his shot. John laughed and said ok then, and quickly came in Julie's pussy pushing really deep and hard as he did making her squeal with the sensation of his 10 inch dick spunking deep inside her. 

As soon as John pulled out Stan got into position, but surprised her by slipping his fingers into her pussy and taking the spunk out and rubbing it onto her ass hole. She had never had anal before and protested as started to move away, only for Tom, Stan and Paul to hold her in place and tell her to relax. With Tom in her pussy and Paul in her mouth she didn't really want to move anyway. So she did as she was told and felt the strangeness sensation as Stan started to push up her ass. It was very tight, a bit painful but oh what a sensation. Once in Stan proceeded to fuck her ass until they all signaled they were ready to cum and exploded in all three holes at once, giving Julie the most exciting experience of her life, before they all got off and went back to their card game. 

She couldn't believe it, five men had just fucked every hole she had and then walked away and left her lying on the bed with spunk oozing from every hole to go and play cards. Tom told her to get dressed and leave, as she did so he signed the deal again and said see you in another 3 months slut! As she walked back to her room she couldn't keep the smile off her face, she'd done it, she'd lived the fantasy and she loved it. 

Just who had used who?