 You're fast asleep and naked. The room is dark and a cool breeze is blowing in through the open window.

I climb in silently, checking that I haven't waked you.

I walk to the bottom of the bed and reach under the covers.

I search for your feet, and I find them.

I gently pull your foot nearer to the corner of the bed, you make a noise but don't wake up.

I slide a soft silk scarf round your ankle and tie it. Then tie the other end to the bed leg.

You roll naturally onto your back. I tie your other foot to the other bed leg.

You still don't wake. Your legs are spread wide apart.

I gently pull your left arm to the top corner of the bed. And tie it to the headboard with another silk scarf.

Then I tie the other arm. You're still asleep, but waking up.

I undress and I'm naked. My body is of average size, but I keep myself fit. My legs are muscular and my stomach is flat with a six pack. My shoulders are broad and my arms strong. I have a natural tan and of course, a firm pert arse.

You wake up and it's dark in the room. You try and move but you're tied down.

You feel a little scared, although you can feel that you've been tied with silk. So you stay silent and wonder what's going to happen next. You thoughts make you start feeling horny.

I kiss you on your mouth with my soft warm lips. You kiss me back. We kiss for a while. The sensations of the kiss are flashing through your body. You're trying to think who it is. I stop and move away. What's going to happen?

The next thing you feel is me picking up your foot and then I start to suck your big toe. My warm hot lips running up and down your toe make your whole body tingle..

I suck each and every toe in turn. Your body is so hot with all the glorious sensations running through it. You are so horny, you're so hot. You want me inside you. Yo want me to fuck you.

Then I start to lick you, working my way from your foot up your leg.

As I get to the top of your leg you can feel me pressing against your leg.

You can feel that I am naked. You can feel that I an erect. I'm rubbing my cock on your foot as I slowly work my way up your leg with my mouth.

You feel me licking the inside of your thigh.

My tongue goes round and up to your belly button. You squeal as my tongue dips inside. You struggle against the silk scarves, it feels good. You don't want it to stop.

I move down again, and circle your pussy.

My tongue moves round and round, getting closer and closer.

Then you feel me slide a finger inside you.

My tongue is now flicking other your lips and heading for your clit.

Two fingers now, sliding in and out, spreading and circling, hitting every surface.

Your clit is hard now, excited by me licking it. I suck on it gently, making it harder.

You feel a surge of heat race through your body.

You're so wet; you can feel it on my face as I lick you.

My fingers are sliding in and out, stretching you. My lips are sucking on your clit. My tongue is flicking over it. My cock is hard and rubbing on your foot.

My mouth moves off you, my hands move up to your boobs and then my lips follow.

I caress you with my hands. Licking all round you breasts. Slowly I move into the middle of them.

My lips round your nipple now, sucking gently. My other hand is caressing the other.

I swap from one to the other. Your nipples are so hard and excited.

You're moaning as I please you. Arching you're back as your body surges with pleasure.

You feel my cock in between your legs now. It's so hard.

I gently push into you. My cock is slowly teasing your lips.

I thrust in and out, only just teasing you.

Your body is pulsating with pleasure.

I slide in and out, moving faster now.

Then suddenly I thrust deep inside you.

My cock stretching your lips wider as I drive in and out of you.

Faster, deeper, and harder.

Then slow, teasing you, gently.

Faster, deeper, and harder.

Moving my hips round and round, so I hit every pleasure point.

I drive and drive.

You explode.

Heat flashing over your body.

Again and again.

After some time and a number of amazing orgasms. You feel me explode inside you. Filling you with my cum. Hot wonderful cum.

After a while laying on you. Throbbing inside you. I pull away.

And I'm gone...