 I was in a psychiatric hospital because I tried to kill myself. I didn’t even have a good reason. Anyway, a judge put me in there and threw away the key. At first time passed really slow. I was ‘behaving’, being the good little nutcase so I got moved up to a better floor with more freedom. 5 West was the floor they sent me to. Here my therapy was about to take a turn for the better.

A lot of nurses worked 5 West but I had my eye on a male nurse who looked like Denzel Washington named Rick. All the women liked him. As far as I know I was the only one who fantasized about him. Every night before I went to sleep, I lay in my bed thinking about all the kinky sex I wanted to have with Rick. I would silently slip my hand under my hospital gown, reaching my clit. I love playing with my warm, wet clit! I would rub it hard and fast until I was ready to scream. When I finally let the waves of pleasure wash over me, I would fall asleep whispering Rick’s name.

Rick wasn’t aware that I spent my nights pleasuring myself, thinking about what I would find beneath his pants. I started wearing low cut shirts that showed off my large, round breasts. It worked. I started letting Rick know I was no angel. Whenever we would go outdoors for a smoke break, I would tell him about my sexual exploits.

I am a diagnosed sex addict-a good thing to be addicted to if you ask me! I am bisexual which opens up many options for me. My girlfriend and I decided one day to go to an adult bookstore and buy some sex toys. After we came out of the store, we sat in the car admiring our toys and kissing. There was a businessman in the next car. I told my girl to show him her breasts. She pulled up her shirt and I started sucking and biting her nipples. The man rolled down his window, asking if we wanted to go inside and play. He didn’t have to ask me twice!

All three of us went inside 1 of the booths. All 3 of us stripped. I ate my girl’s juicy pussy while he stuck his rock hard cock up my tight ass. My tongue was flicking her clit while I was getting pounded from behind. He grabbed my hips and brought me down into a sitting position on his throbbing member. While I was riding his dick, my girl parted my legs further with her hands. I felt her insert a few fingers into my swollen pussy. I was in absolute heaven! Next thing I know, she is fisting my pussy. I was moaning so loud that the guy made a gag out of his tie to stop me from screaming. The guy lifted me off his lap & laid me down on the bench while my girl held my legs spread apart. He thrust in as deep as he could. He fucked me so hard my head was banging against the wall. I started to cum again. My girl knew I was ready to go again & told the guy to reign back and make me beg for it. She grabbed my hands so I couldn’t pull him closer to me. I tried to wriggle closer to him, to get his cock near my pulsating pussy. He grabbed me by the shoulders and impaled me on his waiting member. My girl stood on the bench & threw a leg over his shoulder. He ate her sweetness while he fucked me. In a few minutes all 3 of us had mind-blowing orgasms. We got dressed and thanked the man. I never did ask his name.

Rick couldn’t believe the story I had just told him! It had the desired effect-I let him know I wasn’t a sexual novice. I wanted to be his plaything and I never took no for an answer. 

That night I pleasured myself as usual. An hour or so later I awoke to someone softly calling my name. I opened my eyes quite sure I was dreaming. Rick was standing over me looking luscious. He raised his finger to his lips to Shhhh me. That didn’t even have time to register. In an instant, Rick was sitting on my bed kissing me. My heart started to race. I returned his kiss- deep and urgent like the need I’ve had for him. I took a chance & reached for his belt, undoing it in one swift move. I unzipped his pants & pulled him closer to me. He had the most amazing cock I have ever seen. I couldn’t wait to wrap my mouth around it. I looked up at him with eyes full of lust. I took his engorged member in my hand, teased it lightly then deep throated it. That took Rick by surprise-I thought he was going to fall over! Rick grabbed my hair and kept forcing me to deep throat him. Guess he liked it. Rick started moaning. I knew he was close to climax so I picked up the pace. I felt him shudder, the cum shot to the back of my mouth & sliding down my throat. I licked the stray cum off my lips, very satisfied with myself. Ok, now I wanted my turn but Rick was looking out into the hallway.

Rick motioned for me to follow him. He led me to the “quiet room”-the cell where they put the patients who are out of control/dangerous. Rick shut the door and came over to me. He stripped me of my hospital gowns and told me to lie down on the bed in the cell. Rick had a real surprise for me. He grabbed one of my wrists and locked it in the restraints attached to the bed. Rick continued this until all my arms and legs were locked up. He took off his pants and straddled the bed. It was such an erotic site. His bulging cock ready to pleasure me. He remembered from my stories that I liked it hard and fast so that’s exactly what he gave me. Every time he thrust into me I would have another orgasm. I came so many times I was ready to pass out from the pleasure. Part of the excitement was how forbidden it was to be with him. He fucked me for what seemed like hours. He had another massive release after which he undid my chains.

Rick told me to get on all 4’s. I looked & saw a ping-pong paddle in one hand and a large vibrator in the other. He instructed me to fuck myself with the vibrator while he smacked my ass. That was definitely a turn on! I stuck the vibrator into myself and turned it. Immediately I was paddled. Unsure of what I did, I asked Rick. He told me to keep the vibrator on high the whole time. Oh my God! I started shuddering right away. I purposely slowed down the vibrator so Rick would paddle me. It felt so good! I know my ass was getting redder by the minute. 

Rick’s cell phone rang. It was the nurse’s station. Our fun had come to an end. We dressed & kissed goodbye. I went back to my bedroom & he went back to work. 

I am out of the hospital now. Nurse Rick and I will continue to have more wild sexual adventures in the near future.