 You've had a long day and your body is tired and sore. I lie you down on the bed, on your stomach, with you incredibly beautiful, firm buns just begging me to caress. Mmm..., how tasty you look! But, not yet. First the massage.

I straddle you, facing your feet, fully naked as you are, and begin massaging your foot, working the muscles and aches between my fingers, paying close attention to each toe. My hands work their magic, relaxing them and moving up to your calves. I cup my hands over the calf muscle, working my fingers into them like a piano, kneading your legs firmly but not painfully. They're so tight, but soon they loosen up. I can feel the warmth from your legs as I massage and caress you.

I move back a little and you can feel my cock resting between your buns. I feel you squeeze them together, playing with me and feeling me harden and twitch. Soon enough, but not yet. I need to make you completely relaxed.

I begin to work on your thighs, my hands again cupping your legs, fingers pointing inward, grabbing and kneading your muscles, then releasing, working them thoroughly, from your knees to your buns. Soon they too are loosened up and warm. As my fingers near your buns you spread your legs slightly, allowing them to get closer to you.

I tease you by tracing my fingers along your thighs, getting close to your pussy lips, but not touching. I lick in little circles from your knees up your thighs, smelling the musky sweetness of you and making my mouth water. My hands are massaging your perfect, firm ass as I lick in long strokes along the side of your pussy, so close but still not touching. Ooh, such a tease! I blow lightly on your pussy and watch as your lips part slightly, already moist in anticipation.

Then, with the very tip of my tongue, I lick you in one long, barely noticeable touch, up the entire length of your lips, one then the other, then I lick around your asshole.

I straddle your butt again and begin to work on your neck and shoulders and arms. As I lean forward my cock rests between your thighs, lightly brushing your pussy, twitching and caressing you with just the head. I continue down your back and again I reach your butt. What a beautiful sight! Shaped like the most prefect Valentine's heart and aching to be kissed and licked and sucked, which I do, but still careful not to get too close. Just enough to make you wet and squirm.

I roll you over, and kiss you gently on the lips, feeling your tongue search out my own. My hands roam over your body, caressing your tummy and thighs, then back up toward your breasts. I kiss your cheeks and down to your neck, then up to your ear, nibbling on your ear.

I lick in little circles down your chest and between your breasts while my hands trace large circles along the outline of your tits, gently caressing under each one, ten lightly up to your hard nipples. I kiss under each one then take each nipple in my mouth, sucking your breast in and flicking my tong across them. My tongue licks circles around your nipples and I gently bite each one, pulling on them and sucking them again. I love your breasts --so firm, and just the perfect size for my mouth. An they are so sensitive to my touch. I continue to cup and suck and nibble on them while your fingers run through my hair.

I kiss down a little more and play with your belly button ring with my tongue, still caressing between your breasts. Soon I kiss farther down and again inhale the scent of your pussy. My mouth waters, knowing that soon I will be tasting you again. I place my whole mouth over your pussy and give you one long, slow lick between your soft lips, curling my tongue inside you. Then I suck you into my mouth, sucking you deep into me, flicking my tongue across your cunt lips. Mmm, nnngggnn, mmm!

I smack my lips and move my hips between yours, my cock in my hand, stroking it slowly as I rub the head of my cock along your pussy, back and forth, up and down and in circles. You fingers are already playing with your pussy and with my cock. I lean forward, my cock still pressed up against your pussy, the head barely inside of you and kiss you again, deep and passionately. I kiss my way back to your pussy and give you one good long lick and suck.

I lay back a little and you straddle me, slowly, taking me inside you inch by inch, feeling my cock stretch your pussy open, penetrating deeper and deeper into you until my balls are pressed between us. I lean forward so that we are both sitting up, your legs wrapped around me and my cock buried deep into you. With your breasts pressed into my chest, and my arms around you, we kiss and fondle each other and rock back and forth, fucking slowly and deliberately, the hair around my cock grinding into your clit as I pump in and out of you. 

We each lean back a little and look down between us, watching as my cock disappears into you then moves in and out, glistening with your cunt juices, so shiny and thick. It's such an incredible sight to see part of me buried so deep inside you, your lips wrapped around me, guiding me deeper and deeper, grabbing me and squeezing me. Mmm!! Tonight is more of the slow, steady but firm fucking, letting the intensity build slowly, just savoring the feeling of your pussy wrapped tightly around me, gripping and squeezing me. You can feel every ridge of my cock as it slowly slid in and out, sliding past your pussy lips then back in, the head, engorged and big, caressing the walls of your pussy, deeper and deeper, in and out, slow and steady and yet so intense.

The feeling of being together, of being inside you, the incredible sensation of fucking is so beautiful, so sensual and so incredible -- we don't want it to end. Mmm, I could sit in this position, or any other, and just fuck you forever, never wanting to leave the warmth and wetness of your silky, velvety pussy.

You push me back then move yourself around, lowering your pussy onto my face, right over my mouth. Oh I love to suck your pussy, eating you out and licking you deeply! My hands wrap around your legs and squeeze your ass, pulling you onto my face even more so I can bury my tongue deep into you.

I feel your hands wrap around my cock and your tongue run swirls around the heard, licking off your pussy juice like a candy cane. Your fingers massage my balls as my cock slips completely into your mouth, your tongue playing with the head. then I feel you lick up one side then the other, teasing the head again, sucking me into you, then licking, swirling, sucking, all the while massaging my balls and teasing my ass with your fingertips. A little harder and faster you pump my cock with one hand, massage my balls with the other and lick and suck on me with perfection.

I bury myself as deep into you as I can, probing your ass with my fingers, pumping them in and out of your ass and tonguing your pussy, curling my tongue inside you, searching the walls and crevices and deep hidden places, making you squirm and shiver.


You continue sucking and pumping me harder and faster, your finger pumping in and out of my ass as mine is in yours, massaging me still and sucking me deep inside. My cock feels bigger and harder than ever and I know I'm going to cum soon. I suck you completely into my mouth, licking you deeply, then teasing your clit with my tongue, flicking back and forth and back into you again.

I arch my back and explode into your mouth, hot thick jets pounding against your throat and filling your mouth. You cum at the same time and unleash your luscious juices all over my face as I lap it all up, drinking you in and savoring you.

You lick me clean, then turn around and kiss me, saving the cum for me as I share your pussy juices with you, mingling the two flavors together with our tongues.

Still hard, you straddle me again and I roll you over. Again, slow and firm, I pump in and out, grinding into you each time we come together. Pumping and thrusting, pushing deeper and deeper into you. I kis you all over, on the cheek and forehead and nose and neck and ears and, of course, deeply on the mouth. I love kissing you, feeling your soft lips against mine and the taste of each other on our lips. My hips pump into you, a little harder and faster now, but still steady.

Having just cum, I can now fuck you long and hard and steady, going for another hour in every position. We fuck with me on top of you; we fuck with you straddling me , impaling your pussy and stretching you around me; we fuck doggie style, my hands gripping your hips while I watch my cock disappear into you, pumping you hard and long; we fuck again sitting facing each other, fondling each other, caressing and kissing each other. We fuck each other until we are out of breath, sometimes slow, sometimes hard and fast, but always the most incredible feeling ever, of one person deep inside another.

We fuck, and fuck and fuck, never wanting it to end, but alas I can no longer hold back and I cum deep and hard inside your pussy. The hot cum sends you over the edge for the hundredth time it seems and you come too. Finally milked completely, I bury my face between your legs again, lapping up our cum then we embrace side by side and kiss again, sharing our cock-tale again.

Completely spent we fall asleep, naked, arm in arm, together, smiles on our faces!

In the middle of the night, I awaken, my cock again hard. You have your back to me and your ass caressing my cock. I reach down and spread your cheeks and guide myself slowly into your pussy. Mmm, the warmth, the wetness, just like a smooth velvet glove! I slowly begin to pump in and out of you and I hear you moan with pleasure, obviously having = another wonderful dream!