 Working for National Delivery Service (NDS) wasn't a glamourous job by any stretch. There were icy sidewalks, mud puddles, vicious dogs, and an abundance of heavy, awkwardly-shaped boxes to contend with on a daily basis. Even so, Corey liked his job. He enjoyed seeing people smile as he delivered long-awaited packages, and took great pride in finishing his route ahead of schedule. He remembered the exact day his opinion of his job went from "like" to "love" with startling accuracy. 

Corey glanced back at the cargo area of his truck. Just one more delivery, he told himself. One look at the nav screen told him he was venturing into a neighborhood on the edge of town. If he remembered correctly, it was a development of newer townhomes. Moments later, he pulled up to the curb of a beautifully landscaped end unit. He whistled softly to himself as he admired the manicured bushes and colorful flowers. Tulips, maybe? The HOA fees must be a bitch... 

He jumped out of his seat and went to the back of the truck to retrieve the package. It was a smallish box. Amazon Prime. Corey made his way up the shrub-lined walkway to the front door and rang the bell. Yips from a tiny dog made him grin. 

"Hello," he said as the door started to open. "I have a delivery for-" His mouth went dry the instant he saw her. The tall, leggy brunette smiled. "Are...are you Jessica Mathis?" Corey asked awkwardly. 

"Why yes, I am! I go by 'Jessie' though." 

God...that smile... He stood there, speechless, taking in the sight of her. She wore a pair of denim cut-offs and a bright yellow shirt tied just above her waist. He noticed the sparkle of jewelry on her navel. Sexy as hell! 

"Ah, good. Nice to meet you, Jessie." He swallowed hard. "Anyway," Corey stammered, "this is for you." He went to hand her the box but was so nervous, he dropped it. "Fuck!" He blushed, mortified by his language. "Shit! I mean, damn..." He cleared his throat. "I'm so sorry," he apologized. 

She waved off his concern. "No worries." 

"I hope it wasn't breakable..." 

"Nah, it's all good." 

Corey bent down to pick up the box. "Uh, can we start over?" He flashed what he hoped would be an endearing smile. "Hi! I have a package for you!" 

Jessie grinned devilishly. "Why yes, you do," she winked. Her gaze lowered to the bulge between his legs as she reached out to grab the parcel. 

Ho. Ly. Shit. Corey wished her hands were around his package rather than the damn Amazon box! Ah, his first on-the-job boner... He couldn't wait to tell the guys this one! He startled as he felt something brush against his leg. 

"Trixie!" Jessie dropped the box as she went running after the little dog who escaped the townhouse. "Come back, girl!" The canine made a b-line for the National Delivery Service truck and darted up the steps. 

Nice ass, Corey thought, as he followed the sexy woman who he guesstimated to be roughly his age. Jessie climbed into the truck, Corey hot on her heels. She went into the back, scooped up the dog, and spun around to make her exit, only to run smack-dab into the hunky delivery man. He reached out and touched her elbow to steady her. 

"Oh!" Her eyes were wide with surprise. Neither of them moved for several heated seconds. "I'm so sorry," she exclaimed, petting the dog nervously. 

Corey shrugged. "Call it even," he winked. 

She tilted her head as she looked him straight in the eye." What's your name?" she asked. 

Fuck, is she gonna turn me in for the whole swearing thing? It wasn't exactly professional, but... "It's Corey. Corey Schwartz." 

"Well, Corey Swartz, I should probably let you get back to work, huh?" 

He was lost in the depths of her big brown eyes. And in her big, full breasts. In that moment, all he wanted to do was fuck her on the dusty floor of the truck. He shook his head to pull himself out of the trance. "Yeah, I suppose..." he said reluctantly. They stood toe-to-toe several more seconds. 

"Um, Corey?" 

"Hmmm?" 

"Uh, I can't walk through you," Jessie giggled. 

No, but you can crawl on top of me! Corey had known Jessie for all of what, five minutes? And already she had him wrapped around her finger. He stepped aside hastily, and then hopped into the driver's seat. 

"See ya later, Corey!" she called over her shoulder as she exited the truck. "Thank you for the package!" she waved. 

And with that, he was on his way back to the distribution center. 

~~~ 

Jessie fell onto the couch, her heart racing. She had to see him again! Corey was literally the first guy she had interacted with in her recent move to town. Was she really that attracted to him, or was she just missing male contact? She squeezed her eyes shut and pictured him standing at her door with the, ahem, "package". A grin spread across her face, giving her an immediate answer to her question. So how could she orchestrate another meetup? The answer was obvious. She grabbed her iPhone off the coffee table, and launched the Amazon app. 

Her plan was a bit devious, but if she read him correctly, she doubted that Corey would protest much. It was bold to be sure, but setting it in motion would leave no doubt as to whether or not he was as interested in her as she was in him. Jessie placed the order and then sat back with a sigh. The two-day wait was gonna be brutal! 

Somehow, she survived, though. The big day had finally arrived. Jessie put Trixie in the downstairs powder room to keep her from escaping again, and then curled up on the couch with her iPad. She queued up a playlist of music videos on YouTube to pass the time. After watching two of the videos, a burst of inspiration hit her. She ran up the stairs, peeled off her clothes, and jumped into a hot shower. She lathered up her body with rose water scented body wash, and then shampooed her hair. It was a quicker shower than she preferred, but she didn't want to risk missing Corey. She dried herself off, and then wrapped a towel around her head. Once she was satisfied that her face looked perfect, she grabbed her bright blue silk robe from the hook on the back of the bathroom door. A smile crossed her lips as she tied it around her. She had decided to go commando. The thought of nothing but a thin piece of silk between her and Corey turned her on. Jessie picked up a bottle of nail polish from on top of her dresser, and headed back downstairs. She painted her fingernails to music videos as she waited for her man. Or at least the guy she wanted to make her man, she corrected herself. 

Even though she was expecting him, the sound of the doorbell still made her jump. She hushed Trixie as she walked past the powder room to the front door. Jessie peeked between slats of the window shade to make sure it was Corey, and then adjusted the neckline of the robe to reveal as much cleavage as possible while remaining semi-decent. She cleared her throat, and then opened the door. 

"Oh my gosh, Corey," she gasped, putting a hand to her chest. "I didn't expect you to come so early!" Liar, she mocked herself. She resisted the urge to giggle at her use of the word 'come'. She toyed with telling him she wasn't wearing any panties, but quickly dismissed the thought. 

Corey shrugged. "Yeah, I know. Light load today." He held the package out to her. "Here ya go, Jessie." 

She pursed her lips as she looked down at the box. "I hate to ask this, but can you do me a huge favor?" 

"Sure, what?" 

Jessie scrunched up her shoulders, embarrassed by the favor she was about to ask. "Would you mind opening it for me?" She held up her hand and wiggled her fingers. "My nails aren't dry yet," she explained. 

"No problem!" Corey pulled a box cutter from his pocket and slit the top of the box. He reached inside and pulled out a smaller box. It was a 'personal massager'. There he was, standing in front of a gorgeous woman dressed in nothing but a silk robe, holding a vibrator. He wanted to jump her right then and there, but there were laws against such behavior. Show me how you'll use this, he suggested telepathically. 

Jessie slapped her hand over her mouth, wide-eyed. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry! I thought my pens were coming today, not," she winced "that!" 

Corey chuckled. "Your pens?" Yeah, right. 

She suddenly felt a bit defensive. "Yeah. G-2s. Pretty much the best pens ever," she grinned. Okay, that sounded stupid even to her own ears. She needed to change the subject, and quickly! Jessie stood on her toes as if to look inside the Amazon box. "Are there batteries in there?" she asked. 

He shook the box. "Nope." Corey looked at the vibrator's packaging, pretending to be unaffected by its contents. "Says here it's rechargeable." 

"What? How?" 

Normally, it pissed Corey off when women played dumb, but clearly Jessie was pulling out all the stops to increase their time together. Damn, did she have any idea what she was doing to him, though? That robe hugged every curve! He longed to slide his hands down her shoulders to the belt, where he'd tug it loose until the robe fell open, exposing what Corey was certain would be one of the sexiest bodies he had ever laid eyes on. 

"How do I charge it?" she asked, yanking him from his steamy fantasy. 

He flipped the box over, looking for details. "If I had to guess, I'd say via USB cable." 

"Via US-what?" She put a finger to her mouth, apparently baffled. The feel of her finger near her lips made her think about sucking fingers, which in turn made her think of sucking cocks. Namely Corey's cock. 

Corey was seriously tempted to call bullshit, but knew there'd be no quicker way to kill the mood. He knew damn well she knew what a USB cable was, though. "Here..." He opened the vibrator's packaging and pulled out the wand and a short charge cable. "Do you have a laptop we can plug this into?" 

She led him into the living room, where her laptop sat open on the coffee table. Busted! If she had a computer, she knew what a USB cable was. He was simultaneously frustrated and flattered. Why did she feel like she had to play dumb to get his attention? She was beautiful, and clearly her presence flustered him when they met the first time. But how could he be mad? An amazing woman like Jessie wanted to be with a normal guy like him. That was the stuff that dreams were made of! Corey bent over to plug the cable into the laptop. A pinch made him jump. "What the-?" 

Jessie grinned evilly. "Yeah, I just pinched your ass," she boasted. "Whatcha gonna do about it?" She shortened the distance between them, almost daring him to touch her. 

Corey exhaled sharply. As tempting as it was, he didn't want to start something he couldn't finish. "I'm going to finish my route, that's what." She looked crushed. "And you," he started, as he touched the tip of the wand to her delicate chin, "are going to demo this for me sometime soon." He winked, handed her the vibrator, and let himself out the door. 

Jessie whimpered as she fell onto the couch. She felt flushed with desire. The urge to grab his hand and put it between her legs was almost more than she could bear. Damn him; he left before she could muster up the courage to do it! She reached for her wand in a desperate attempt for release. Fuck. It wouldn't operate while it was charging. She was going to have to do this the hard way. Jessie stuck the tip of her middle finger in her mouth, and slipped it underneath her robe. Her pussy was wet from their flirtatious encounter. Her mouth fell open as she fingered herself. A soft moan escaped as she rubbed and teased the area around her clit, before finally coming to rest on the tiny bud. She shuddered with the contact. As she continued to stimulate herself, she fantasized about Corey. In her mind's eye, she ran her fingers through his thick, wavy black hair and pulled him in for a kiss. It was a mere peck at first, and then quickly grew more passionate. 

She wanted to fuck him more than she's ever wanted to fuck anyone... 

~~~ 

He wanted to fuck her more than he's ever wanted to fuck anyone... 

Corey shifted in his bed. His day was frickin' amazing! He found it incredibly hot that Jessie went to so much trouble to spend more time with him. G-2s, my ass! There was no doubt in his mind that she knew exactly what was in the box he had delivered. The thought amused him. God, he could not wait to see her again! He wondered what would happen the next time they met. Laying a hand on her would likely get him fired, but she was so fucking irresistible. The mere memory of her hand on his ass as she pinched him made his dick hard. He stroked himself as he pictured her in that silky robe of hers. Corey desperately wanted to know what she was wearing underneath. Was it a lacy thong? Slinky bikinis? Nothing at all? He made it his personal mission to find out! 

He wrapped his hand around his cock and tugged, slowly but gently at first, before picking up speed and intensity. Craving more stimulation, he reached up with his other hand and rubbed his balls. If only it were Jessie's hands edging him closer and closer to cumming... The faint smell of roses distracted him momentarily. What the hell? There weren't any flowers in his tiny apartment; surely the smell was only imagined, most likely from the memory of Jessie, fresh from the shower. His lips curled into a contented smile. He tightened his grip on his cock, all the while pretending he was buried in her wet pussy. His breathing quickened as he envisioned the entire experience of fucking her—her floral scent, the rise and fall of her creamy white breasts, the feel of her wavy hair between his fingers, the sweet sounds of her arousal, and finally the taste of her as he teased her clit with his tongue. The image alone was enough to make him cum hard and fast. Corey fell asleep as he tried to figure out how he was going to connect with the sexy Jessie Mathis for real. 

A stream of sunlight fell across his face, awakening him to start a new day. He stretched, basking in the warmth of the sun and thoughts of the woman he was determined to make his own. In that moment, he realized he had gone from liking his job, to loving it. Afterall, he never would have met Jessie if it hadn't been for his career at National Delivery Service! With renewed enthusiasm for his work, Corey jumped out of bed and hit the shower. 

Once he reached his delivery truck, he scrolled through the nav system to familiarize himself with the day's route. He broke into a huge grin when he saw Jessie's address on the list. He was simultaneously excited and frustrated—excited because he was definitely going to be seeing her, and frustrated because it was going to take most of the day slinging packages to get there. Corey turned the key in the ignition, determined to think positively. He sure as hell wasn't going to let Jessie see him at anything but his best! 

After hours of handing off boxes, dodging loose dogs, and restacking the sizable cargo load in back, he was on his way to Jessie's. He pulled up to his usual spot next to the curb, and then went to the back to pull her delivery. After grabbing the small box from the steel rack on the right, he turned on his heel to head to the townhouse. He couldn't wait to see her again. His heightened heart rate punctuated the thought. 

As if on demand, Jessie appeared in front of him. What the fuck? She must've been waiting for him to come. He giggled like a twelve-year old at the word 'come', mostly because that was all he could think about doing every time the brunette beauty entered his mind. 

She smiled at him expectantly. When he failed to form words, Jessie took the lead. "Hey, sexy," she winked. "I see you've got a package for me." She flashed a devilish grin, glanced at the box in his hands, then lowered her gaze. 

His cock stirred, most likely from the heat of her gaze, he decided. He couldn't believe it. She was in the back of his fucking truck! All he could do was stare at her awkwardly, blown away by the amazingness of it all. 

Jessie whipped the wand he had delivered the other day out of her pocket, and touched it to the tip of her chin. 

That flowy skirt of hers has pockets? Corey scolded himself for the mundane thought. What he should have been thinking was grab my cock. Please! 

"I believe you said something about wanting a demo..." She moved in closer to him, her breasts brushing against his chest. "There are two ways we can do this," she smiled, shimmying flirtatiously. 

Corey grinned. She was trying way too hard. Didn't she realize she had him at "hello"? 

"We can see what it does for you..." She flipped the switch and placed the vibrator gently against his cock. He shivered. "Or I can show you how fast this little dynamo makes me cum." She ran the toy over her chest and batted her eyelashes. 

Jesus Christ. He wanted to say "yes", being purposefully vague in hopes that she'd do both. Instead, he stood there, silent. Corey was not a quiet man, yet this woman had him tripping over himself. He willed himself to say something, anything, but she beat him to it. 

"You're so uptight, Corey..." She planted a feathery kiss on his lips. 

He wanted to kiss her back, but he wasn't sure he could trust himself to stop there. He wanted her. All of her. With every fiber of his being. A low growl rose from his chest as she hopped up to sit on an empty shelf on the opposite side of the truck. She hiked up her skirt and spread her legs, revealing a neatly trimmed pussy that he longed to explore. He swallowed hard, and licked his lips absently. Jessie moved the wand between her legs as she threw her head back in ecstasy. There was no doubt about it; she was ready to go! Corey enjoyed the show as he considered his options. There were three to choose from, he decided. He could simply get off by watching her pleasure herself; he could bury his cock deep in her pussy; or he could finger her and fuck her with his tongue. Mmmm...decisions, decisions... 

Her breaths grew ragged as she pressed the button to increase the toy's speed. "Come here," she panted, crooking her finger to motion him over. 

He stepped forward obediently, enjoying the experience of having the woman take the lead. 

She reached for the button of his slacks as she continued to please herself with the other hand. 

Corey sucked in a quick gulp of air as he anticipated her touch. 

Jessie worked his zipper expertly, freeing him in what seemed to be record time. She pulled his cock out of his boxers, and then turned down the intensity of the wand. She placed the vibrator against the tip of his cock to gage his response. His face relaxed in pleasure. She jumped down from the shelf, and then slid the wand under the sensitive head of his penis. Once he was completely hard, she tossed the toy aside. Jessie knelt down and opened her mouth to take in the length of him. Just as her lips were about to close around his throbbing dick, the cell phone on the dash sounded. 

Nooooooo! Corey wanted to scream, throw something, punch someone...anything to express his indescribable frustration. Jessie sat back on her heels, equally frustrated. The phone's shrill tone prompted him to shove his cock back into his boxers and yank up his pants hastily. He couldn't take the call from home office with everything hanging out so to speak. It wouldn't be right. 

As he reassured the caller that he'd be able to get back on schedule with the deliveries, Jessie pulled her box from the shelf and tore it open. She reached in to grab the smaller box inside. Corey disconnected the call and laughed as she waved the little box at him frantically. 

"See?" she cried out enthusiastically. "I told you I ordered G-2s!" 
