 I walked into the kitchen with the post to find Bee carefully spooning honey from the jar onto a slice of toast. The honey was runny and when it landed on the toast began to spread out lazily. I could not help but let my mind wander. I could see that honey running somewhere else and my tongue following it obediently. It did not help that Bee was wearing a thin pale yellow vest top through which her nipples were clearly visible. Nor did it help that she licked her lips and winked at me as soon as she saw my gaze rest on the honey and then her chest.

"Any post for me?" she broke into my daydreams.

"Yeah, a letter," I replied, handing her a yellow envelope addressed with careful handwriting in black biro.

"Ooooh," she exclaimed and then set the envelope aside to concentrate on her toast. I watched her eat, honey running down her chin and thought about how her pussy was full of my come.

Although it was ten o'clock on a Saturday morning Bee had been up and about, buzzing around for a couple of hours already. She had been cleaning, tidying, organising the fridge, sorting through lists of books and doing other little tasks. All that time I had laid lazily in her bed, watching the way she moved. She did all of this with my semen inside her, the result of an early morning session which had taken me by surprise and was going to have my mind fixed on fucking for the rest of the day.

"I might go and grab a newspaper," I told her.

"Okey doke. I think I'll go in the shower, get myself cleaned up," she winked again as she finished off the last mouthful of toast. I was then hypnotised as she put her finger in her mouth and then dragged her lips seductively down to the knuckle, cleaning it of honey.

I was left dreaming as she got up from her chair and made her way to the bathroom and as she walked down the corridor I could not take my eyes away from her bum as she walked off, every sway of her hips a reminder of how much I wanted her.

It had only been a few hours since I had her, I reminded myself as I pulled my coat on over my pyjamas and made my way down to the newsagents in my bare feet. As I walked I thought about the way she had taken me off guard that morning, stroking me hard as I awoke and then, before I knew it, straddling my naked body and sliding her soaking wet cunt down on to me. She must have been masturbating for a good while before I awoke because she slid down on me so easily and began to ravenously fuck me, every thrust of her hips heavenly and her juices running down my cock and over my balls. I had erupted up inside her soon after, unable to stop myself in the face of such a rampant seeing-to.

I picked up the paper and made my way back up to the flat but was distracted by bumping into a friend on the way back and stopped for a chat so I had probably been out for about quarter of an hour by the time I got back to the flat. I knocked on Bee's door and heard her tell me to come in and for a moment I was worried as she sounded to be in some distress.

When I opened the door I discovered it was not distress, though she did look quite out of breath. I was treated to the sight of Bee spreadeagled on her bed, her towel discarded, her hair wet, a little glass dildo being repeatedly pumped into her pink pussy. The dildo slid in easily, eliciting a grunt of pleasure and then slid out, soaked in her wetness the same way my cock had done hours earlier. She looked up at me and smiled and a bulge began to grow in my trousers.

Her body still glistened with shower water but Bee was clearly oblivious to the fact, concentrating hard on the object that she was thrusting in and out of her fuck hole and the finger she was using to flick her swollen clit. She had slowed down somewhat when I entered the room, seeming keen to hold off her orgasm to give me a chance to pleasure her.

I began to pull my trousers down to liberate my stiff cock but pulled them back up when another idea struck me and I hurried out of the room, returning twenty seconds later with a jar of runny honey. Bee gasped as she saw what I was holding and began fucking herself harder whilst I got rid of my clothes in record time.

I clambered on to the bed and enjoyed watching the pleasure rip through Bee from close up. Every inch of her body was gorgeous and every inch was focussed on the bolts of ecstasy coming from between her legs. This wonderful sight had left my penis rock hard and I could not resist bringing my hand to it and giving it a couple of quick strokes.

"Mmm... what are you going to do with that?" It took me a couple of seconds to realise that Bee was referring to the jar of honey in my hand and I reluctantly pulled my other hand away from my pulsing cock.

"Wait and see," I toyed with her, unscrewing the lid from the jar. 

I coated my middle finger in honey and brought it down to Bee's lips, drips of honey falling on to her face. She took my finger enthusiastically between her lips and began to suck the honey from it, causing a sensation that made my cock stiffen further. It clearly turned her on too as she began to shove the dildo into herself harder and faster.

I drizzled more honey down Bee's neck and between her breasts and followed it quickly with my mouth, kissing and licking away the tasty trail as Bee sighed in ecstasy at the feeling of my lips on her skin and the hard kisses I was administering. The honey was leaving a sticky mess all the way down her body and I told her that she would need another shower after this.

"You just keep thinking about that, think about me getting all soaped up again," she told me. 

"I'm thinking about honey," I replied, though I was also thinking about her showering. 

I dumped a finger full of honey on her nipple and quickly licked around it so that the honey would not run down her breast, like you would a fast-melting ice-cream. Next I sank my mouth down around her nipple and took as much of her boob into my mouth as I could and then used my tongue to stimulate her hard nipple. This removed most of the honey but there was still some stickiness so I used my teeth to finish the job, scraping them across the areola and then nibbling at the hard pink point. It was no coincidence that I could feel Bee's dildo work speeding up.

I looked down her body and licked my lips as I saw how utterly drenched her pussy lips were, how swollen her clit looked and how coated in her juices her dildo was.

"Let me take that," I said and lightly putting my hand over hers I took control of the dildo. She whimpered as I pushed the dildo back into her pussy but that soon stopped when I brought my mouth down on hers and started kissing her, a long, honeyed kiss into which she moaned.

But there was somewhere else that my mouth was required.

I pulled the dildo all the way out and Bee gasped, desperate for me to continue. She begged me not to stop but both of my hands were required to coat my fingers in honey and then spread it along the soaked lips of her pussy. I paused for a moment and then dived down on the tasty treat, clearing the honey in long licks along her slit that made Bee cry out in pleasure. I began to flick her clit with my tongue and this caused a similar reaction as I reached top speed.

Bee was by now writhing around under me but she retained enough control to bring her hands down onto my head and push me further down so that I was deep in her crotch and the entrance to her cunt was level with my tongue. Her willing slave, I did not complain but merely pushed my tongue in and began to devour her. Drops of honey sweetened her rich taste as I enthusiastically ate her out, becoming less and less aware of any noises that Bee was making as she wrapped her legs around my head.

Eventually I pulled my face away from her pussy, her juices dripping down my chin, and gratefully took several large lungfuls of air. Bee lay helpless on the bed, sweating, shaking and making tiny moans that let me know that I needed to finish her off.

I reached down and gave my erection a few quick strokes but I knew that I would need to bring Bee to orgasm with a different instrument. I picked up the dildo.

"Want me to fuck you with this again?"

"Yes," she panted.

"Want me to use my mouth on you again?"

"Yes, lick my pussy."

"Want me to make you come?"

"Just... please," it was too many questions for Bee and I stopped teasing her and dived back down between her legs.

The dildo slid easily into her well lubricated hole and my tongue settled on her clit and I began gently, yet swiftly, flicking it. I could feel her orgasm building as I established a rhythm with both the dildo and my tongue but I could also feel my cock throbbing between my legs and knew that the slightest contact would have sent me spiralling over the edge. I concentrated instead on getting dizzily high on the smell of Bee's pussy as I tried to quicken the strokes of the dildo and the flicking of my tongue.

Bee's moans were getting louder and faster and I knew that she was getting close. Changing tack I began to pull the dildo all the way out of her hole and force it back through the tightening entrance with each thrust. This seemed to do the trick as suddenly the moans stopped and as I continued to lap away at her I could tell that she was silently coming.

I pushed the dildo into her hole and only moved it gently back and forth but continued to lick her as she enjoyed the aftershocks.

Eventually I climbed up the bed and lay my head on her honeyed chest. We would both be needing a shower now.