 Greg enjoyed the brief drive, as it was a perfect spring day. He opened the car window to feel the warm breeze, and to admire the lovely fresh green leaves that were unfolding in the sun. He parked at the turn-off and strolled up the short path, to where the hive was sitting. The bees were very active, taking full advantage of the weather. There was a constant stream of laden ladies landing on the alighting board the pollen baskets on their hind legs full of collected treasure. Greg observed, entranced with the different colours they were bringing home. Where he wondered did they find all these sources.

Greg was suffering from that condition well known to beekeepers, as "Bee Fever". One of the symptoms of which, is the total inability to leave the bees alone. Off he went to get his veil, and that essential of bee work, the smoker. He had a struggle to get it going, and after using most of a box of matches, finally had a tenuous stream of smoke. He adjusted his veil securely and went to the hive. He took it to bits and put back together, thoroughly annoying the bees in the process. They expressed this 

in the time honoured way, by stinging him thoroughly. Disheartened, Greg retreated to the car, where he put away the beekeeping gear. He felt the pressure that was his morning coffee wanting out, so he stood behind the car, unzipped, and taking his cock out enjoyed a lengthy pee. The bee that had been sitting quietly on his crutch, decided to investigate the darkness, that had so invitingly appeared beside her.As Greg drove home he was aware of a tickle or two from his groin, and made a mental note to trim his pubic hair, or he mused get Sally to do it. Yes, that was a better idea, that could lead to interesting things. He had tried to interest Sally in a romp that morning, but she had been sleepy and had given him a sharp elbow and a mumbled no. "Dam!" There was that tickle again; he would have to sort this out soon it was maddening. He scratched at his groin vigorously and the itch went. Oh! That was better. 

He parked the car and went to find Sally. She had now thoroughly woken up and had dressed with a little seduction in mind, in case Greg fancied trying his hand again. If he didn't, well she would encourage him a little. As it was such a fine morning, her shirt was open an extra two buttons and she had apparently forgotten to put on her bra. Beneath her shorts she had put on one of her pairs of silk panties. Sally was more than ready, to give him some serious encouragement. Greg found her in the 

living room and gave her a hug. Sally responded by snuggling into his arms and then slid her hands to his bottom and rubbed his tight arse. Greg murmured into her hair, "Good morning grumpy."

Sally giggled and replied, "Yes I was a bit off, this morning, but that was then and this is now." Greg's stowaway reacted to the erecting of his cock by changing position.

Greg said "Dam, I've got an itch in my pants."

Sally misunderstood, and sliding her hand around rubbed the crutch of his trousers. Greg was just starting to enjoy the action when the bee, now furious at this rough treatment, took a good grip with all six feet and thrust her sting into the very tip of Gregs' defenceless hard on. Greg froze: he knew instantly what had happened. Sally was still stroking him, quite unaware of what was going on.

Then he yelled, "Ow!"

With desperate hands he pushed Sally aside and tried to drop his pants. Sally was impressed, this was more than going to plan, she had him in a fever of passion, great! Greg soon put a stop to those thoughts. 

"Sally, I've been stung on my cock, and it fucking well hurts, come on, help me here."

Together they got his injured organ into the light. There was the sting, very obvious against the purple head of his prick. Sally grabbed it between her nails and without thinking squeezed it between her nails to pull it out. In so doing she deftly injected all the poison from the venom sack into Gregs erection. Greg was in agony, being stung was not funny at the best of times and this was the worst place possible. His cock was swelling dramatically. The glans was heading for the size of a golf ball and feeling very hot. Sally was having a hard time trying not to laugh, it just looked so funny, this huge erection swelling at her as she looked; in fact she realised she was feeling more than quite randy.

"Greg, sit down, for goodness sake." 

He sat obediently in the nearest handy armchair. Sally decided what he needed was to be distracted. In fact, she quite fancied a little distraction herself. The size he had become held out some very promising sensations. She assessed his erection with interest, then trotted off to the bedroom. She returned with a tube of lubricant.

"Greg, I'm going to put some of this on to soothe you, let me know if it hurts." 

She was praying it wouldn't, as she had plans for this monster. She squeezed a good dollop into her right hand and gently allowed the gel to touch his glans. 

He sighed, "Oh, Sally that feels really cool."

The pain was going now and the heat was not nearly so intense. Sally slid her hand very gently up and down his cock with a twisting motion, to cover all the surface in the gel., Greg lifted his hips towards her involuntarily to hurry her along. Sally was marvelling at the size he had gotten. He seemed to be an inch longer and the glans was huge!

"Greg, just lean right back and relax; in fact put this cushion under your back."

Greg took the cushion, and sure enough, that was more comfortable. Sally gave him another coating of gel and asked," How does this feel now?" As she spoke, she gave him a little squeeze.

He sighed, "Oh, apart from feeling tight it's not bad, but it feels really strange, sort of strained."

Sally giggled, "Sorry, I shouldn't laugh, but it just looks, huge. If you're sure its ok, I want to try something." 

Greg knew that tone of voice. "What exactly are you thinking of?" 

Sally wiped her hand on a towel and took off her shoes. "Well, actually this," she said as her blouse came over her head. "And this," as her shorts and panties hit the floor. 

Then she climbed on to the chair, her neat breasts jiggling, and arranged her legs on the arms and shuffled her bottom towards him. She took him in her hand and aligned the glans with her entrance. She moved her hips, and gelled as he was, he slid right in. 

"And precisely this."

Sally gasped as the swollen head pushed apart her vaginal walls. She wriggled her hips until he was all the way in. He began to start to move but she stilled him. 

"No, Greg, just you stay like you are, I'm in charge here."

She soon realised she was in the wrong position for thrusting, and pulled back, feeling the head slide out of her.

Greg groaned, "Don't tease! I can't stand this."

Sally tartly remarked, 'Well, you're not exactly standing are you! Now just hold still.' 

She knelt on the chair, her legs on either side of him and sank down on him again.

"God, you're massive, I feel stuffed. Oh, it's good.. so good."

She began to rise and fall: the riding lessons had some use after all. She had long wanted to try this, and the circumstances were ideal, well for her anyway if not Greg. He reached up to her breasts, and stroked gently; he loved her tits, not large, not flat, they were to him just ideal with their perky brown nipples. He craned up and licked the nearest, taking it in his lips to nibble and tease with his tongue. 

Sally was in heaven: she had never felt so full.

Her movements were getting more urgent. She was getting very excited, hell, she was going to come. Taken by surprise, she thrust harder, then urgently, then frantically, her hips a blur as the orgasm hit her. She shuddered and Greg felt her pussy gripping him in rippling pulses as she came. She leaned forward on to him, gasping for breath.

"Oh, that was something, that was really something else. Did you come too?"

Greg shook his head. "No I just feel numb there, I can't seem to feel much at all. 

Sally looked at the distress evident on Greg's face as he studied his swollen organ. 

"Sally, I have to come, to get this down. I'm feeling I'll have to pee soon, and there's no chance of that, with my cock like this, is there?"

Sally stifled the urge to laugh as Greg's face glowered at his penis.

"I don't know what to do here," she said. "If I can't get you off with fucking, I just don't know. She paused, "What about Jo."

Greg groaned. "What about Jo?"

Sally hesitated. She knew things about Jo that he had yet to learn. It could be soon though, the way things were going. Do you know she's an ex- nurse?"

Greg spat: "I don't want her life history, this is getting serious here."

"Okay, try and relax, just you stay put here. I think she can sort this out for you. She has hidden talents," she added cryptically. Greg heard Sally on the phone in the kitchen as she made an ice pack.

Two minutes later Jo was at the front door. She breezed in to the living room where Greg hurriedly tried to cover himself.

"Hi, Greg, I hear you've a little problem." She peered at his groin, moving his hands out of the way. "No, it's a big problem I'd say." Laughing she put down her bag beside Greg. "I'll just wash my hands in the kitchen." She went through the door only to reappear briefly. "Sally, you'd better do the same."

Sally joined her and Greg could hear muffled chatter followed by. "Really!" from Sally.

Jo's trim figure, in profile, seen through the glass door of the kitchen, held Greg's attention despite his discomfort. He wondered if, no those thoughts were no help at all.

The two returned with clean hands held before them. Sally picked up the lube to show Jo. She offered it for inspection saying, "Will this do?"

Jo nodded as she rummaged in her bag. "Ah, here we are." She said, straightening up with a box of surgical gloves, and a tube of something. She shook out a glove and put it on her right hand. Opening the tube, she squeezed some glistening fluid on to the glove. "Right Sally, you know what to do." Sally nodded and greased her hand. Taking Greg's cock in her hand, she stroked him gently.

Greg heard Jo behind him. She whispered in his ear, startling him. "Bend over please, I'll sort this for you. Open your bottom for me please, crouch a little. Yes, like that, a little more please. That's good."

Greg felt a cool touch right on his anus.

"Hey!" He protested. "What's going on? What the hell do you think you're doing."

Jo circled her finger right on his entrance. "Just relax and bear down for me, please."

Greg, knew that tone of voice, the do as I say tone. Obediently he pushed out. He felt the finger penetrating the sphincter, God, she was so slow, so careful. Sally's hand felt so good as well. Oh, this was something different! Jo, feeling inside him found her target. Crooking her finger upwards, she pressed with the pad. Greg jerked, making Sally lose her hold.

Jo laughed, and pressing again, said. "Your prostate gland. Your own little pleasure center. Like it?"

As she talked she set up a rhythm with her finger and, to Greg's amazement, he started rocking with it. Sally kept pace with her hand, using an up and down motion, with a half twist, each stroke. Fascinated, she saw the pre cum oozing from his glans. Greg's excitement grew with the increasing rhythm and pressure of the finger in his bottom. Jo pressed ever more firmly upwards to increase the sensations for him. Sally felt his excitement growing, and kept her stroking steady, as Jo had said in the kitchen.

Jo, feeling his sphincter clenching on her finger, pushed deep into him, giving three little probes rapidly three times and that was the trigger. Greg rose on his toes, trembling. "Ah, ah AH!" screamed Greg as the spurts of come flew in the air. "Oh, enough please, enough, Jo!"

His insides were on fire, the finger suddenly unbearable. He stood panting, heaving in great breaths, looking in disbelief at the pools of semen lying on the floor. Jo eased her finger out, to his immediate relief. 

Jo turned to Sally. "Can you get a wash cloth, please?" Sally trotted off to fetch one from the bathroom. Jo stripped off the glove and put on a fresh one just as Sally returned.

"Right, Sally, give his cock a good clean, please, while I get this ready." Sally washed his greasy cock as gently as she could while Jo anointed her clean glove with cream. Greg groaned as the pressure to pee built inexorably in his straining bladder. His organ throbbed painfully and to his expert eye looked bigger than ever. Jo moved in front of him and said to Sally.

"That's fine, that's really clean now, I'll do the rest." Sally's jaw dropped as Jo took her husband's erection in her right hand and gave it what looked to Sally to be, over and above the call of duty, strokes. 

"Jo," she spluttered, "what are you doing?"

"Relax, Sally, this is medical, I'm applying an anti-histamine ointment. Right, Greg," she said standing back. Jo then gave his cock a deft hard flick, making him yelp in pain. His erection vanished instantly.

"Look! It's gone. Oh great; oh I have to pee." Groaning, he rushed to the toilet almost peeing on the way, so great was his urge for relief.

Sally rounded on Jo. "You could just have done that, to get him down, couldn't you? That slap. That would've worked at the start."

"Oh yes, agreed Jo, but I just love making a man come from the inside. Anyway, I've wanted to see him, you know erect, for a long time. What a lovely arse he has! Not to mention a nice cock."

"I'm going to kill you, Jo, that was mean."

As Sally advanced menacingly, Jo called out, "Greg do you think I'm mean for helping."

Greg shouted back (as he peed), "Of course I don't, that was one of the best comes of my life and this is definitely the best pee. What a relief!"

"See, whispered Jo. He's happy, why aren't you?

Sally glowered at her, then grinning asked, "How long have you got?