 I was taking a class at our local University. The first day of class I sat next to this guy that had a really great smile. He looked really familiar to me, but I couldn't place where I knew him. He was about 6'5" and had a nice build and an ass worth grabbing in very tight jeans. 

That weekend, my girlfriend and I went to our favorite liquor store. As soon as we walked in, I suddenly remembered where I knew the guy from my class. There he stood in all of his glory with a big shit-eating grin on his face. I chatted and flirted with him for a short time while me friend and I were making our purchase. I found out that his name was Steve, when we left he said that he would see me in class. 

After a couple of weeks of joking and flirting in class, we were beginning to get along really well. One Wednesday, I walked into class and asked him how things were going. Our class started at 2:30 p.m. and we were waiting for the teacher to show up. He told me that he had been having a hell of a day and that it was beer-thirty and to pack my books, as I was going with him and we were going to have a few beers. S o we got up and left class, just as the teacher was coming down the hall. 

We went to one of the nicer local bars and started putting away quite a few beers. The conversation soon turned to sex. We were soon filling each other in on our sexual fantasies. The more beer we drank, the raunchier the fantasies got. 

I was beginning to get a pretty good buzz going when Steve said that he would be right back, as he had to go to the little boy's room. When he got up form his chair, I noticed that he a pretty large bulge in the front of his very tight jeans. 

I waited until he got to the bathroom and then followed him in. I was pretty sure that no one else was in the guy's john as we had been the only customers for quite sometime now. Steve was standing at the urinal when I went in and so I went up behind him and asked if he needed any help. I almost got punched, but when he found out that it was I he laughed and said oh yea! 

By that time he was getting ready to tuck away that great looking cock. So I reached out and took it in my hands and began stroking it. Instantly hard, his cock was at least 8 ½ to 9" long. I backed into the stall and pulled him with me. 

I shut and locked the door and began to pump my hand up and down his hard shaft. He was already starting to leak some love juices and I just couldn't resist taking him into my mouth and sucking his cock. A couple of pumps deep into my throat almost choked me, because he was so big. Steve was starting to tell me that he couldn't believe that I was giving him head in the guy's john. I just kept sucking away and letting him fuck my swollen lips, while I caressed his high and tight balls. 

His precum was flowing pretty good and my panties were soaking wet by that time. I began to lick his tight head and Steve started moaning. I squeezed his balls tighter and began to suck really hard on his cock and pump it with my other hand. He had his hands wrapped in my long blonde hair, meeting me with every stroke. I knew he was getting close as he started pumping faster and I was sucking harder. It wasn't long and I was rewarded with a mouth full hot cum, which I promptly swallowed before it dripped all over my shirt. 

We got ourselves put back in order and went back to the table to finish our beers. The bartender was standing behind the bar with a huge smile on his face, so I knew that he had heard Steve in there moaning and had a good idea of what took place. 

This time I sat next to him and placed my hand on his crotch, which was still bulging and asked if he enjoyed his trip to the bathroom. He showed me one of his killer smiles and I knew that he had been satisfied. We sat and drank a few more beers, touching and kissing. Pretty soon he asked if I wanted to go back to my place and fuck or what? I didn't even hesitate, but downed my beer and grabbed my purse and headed for the door. 

He was not far behind me out the door. On the way to my apartment, he kept playing with my tits and I was getting wetter all the time. I was wearing a short skirt and little did he know that I had removed my panties in the bathroom, until his hand slid across my thigh and found my smoothly shaved pussy dripping on the seat. It wasn't long and he took my clit between his fingers and began to tease me. I almost ran off the road it felt so good. 

I was getting wetter and hotter by the second and I spread my legs farther apart, his hand was cupping my mound when one of his fingers slid right inside my cunt. I decided right then I couldn't wait much longer and pulled into the next alley and parked the car. I moved the seat back and reached over and pulled his throbbing cock out of his pants and mounted him, sliding my dripping cunt over his hard cock.

Steve and I both let out moans as our lips hungrily devoured each other; laughing a little it relieved the sexual tension. He took my ass in his large hands and pulled me up and down on his extremely hard cock. His cock was huge and I don't know how I ever got the whole thing inside of me, but it felt so damn good that I couldn't stop. I was getting extremely close to Cumming and I knew Steve was almost there again. I started riding his cock like there was no tomorrow; Steve was raising his ass off the seat to meet me thrust for thrust. It didn't take long and I was Cumming all over his cock and he was shooting his load deep inside. It took us a few minutes to recover, but we were finally able to get our clothes back in order and headed for my apartment. 

It took us about twenty minutes to reach my apartment and as soon as we got inside the door her was taking my clothes off. As soon as he had my skirt off, he picked me up and placed me up on the breakfast bar and began eating my pussy, I was still dripping wet with cum from both of us. He said that he had wanted to eat me since the day we first met in class. 

His tongue was hot and skilled. My clit was throbbing and my pussy was on fire in moments. Pretty soon I grabbed his head in my hands and pulled him up for a long deep kiss, tasting our juices on his lips. I reached down to unbutton his tight jeans and his cock sprang into my hang, hard and ready to go again. I squealed with delight as the sight of his cum dripping from the smooth head and knew that I just had to have another taste. 

I jumped down from the counter and told him to have a seat on one of the bar stools. I then took his hardness into my sweaty palms and began to pump it up and down, getting more juices out of it. I could wait no longer and slid my swollen lips over the throbbing head, nibbling and sucking as I worked my way down. 

He was getting close again, so I took him by the hand and led him to my bedroom. I crawled onto the bed on all fours, with my ass high in the air. He leaned over and ran his tongue from my ass to my clit while he was removing his pants. Getting up behind me on the bed, he placed his engorged head to the entrance of my steamy hot pussy. I couldn't control myself and pushed back sliding his cock inside. 

I let out a loud moan, telling him how good his cock felt. He started slowly pumping his shaft in and out, deeper with each thrust. Pulling his long cock out almost every time and thrusting it hard deeper and deeper. 

I reached back between my legs and began to stroke my clit; this made him even more turned on. Telling me to stroke my clit for him and to cum all over his cock. I pulled on his balls a few times as he thrust his cock deeper and deeper. 

I was so turned on that I didn't want it to stop. I was sweating so much that it was dripping off my nipples. He reached up, rolling one of them between two fingers and that set me off. My orgasm was so intense, waves and waves deep inside; he was close behind me, thrusting his cock deeper with he shot of cum. 

It was some time before either one of us recovered and I had to drive him back to his car so that he could get to work. He left me with a hot kiss and said see you in class, smelling his fingers all the way to his car. 

I have to say, that is the only time I ever had anything that enjoyable to cut class for. After that day, whenever we were in class and he would say – How about a beer? I would just smile and head for the door.