 "Remember, I told you we can't fuck," Mary moaned.

Tom ignored her and continued to roughly stimulate her nipples with his mouth. She was writhing under him wanting more while feeling more than she ever had before. His tongue was flicking rapidly all over her left breast and his fingers were pinching and pulling on her right nipple. Her hips were thrusting up into his waist hoping to feel his cock against her pussy...just a touch. She couldn't remember how they got naked, but she knew she wanted to. She couldn't see his cock, but the feeling against her leg suggesting something massive.

She let out a groan when Tom stopped sucking and licking and started to move down her breasts...her stomach...her navel...kissing her all the way down. He stopped and started exploring her navel with his tongue. No one had ever kissed her there and let out a moan to let him know that he was hitting a good spot. Her clit found his hard ribs digging into her and she spread her legs more to increase the contact. She knew she was nearing orgasm, but want to hold off until he put his mouth on her vagina. As good as the ministrations of her navel felt, she put her hand on top of his head and gently applied pressure.

Tom got the message and continued kissing and licking down her stomach until he got to her downy blond patch of pubic hair. She heard Tom take a deep breath through his nose. "You smell so ready for this, I can't wait to taste you." With that his mouth covered her pussy and she felt his tongue separate her labia. He hands reached up and covered her breasts, squeezing and stroking them roughly. His rigid tongue stroked up and down penetrating deeper and deeper while he apparently avoiding her most sensitive part. Mary started driving her pelvis harder and harder against his face trying to get his tongue on her clit, but Tom kept teasing her. "Lick me, please...I need you to lick me...I am so close."

Tom looked up at her and said "Whatever my lady wants." With that drove his tongue against her now unsheathed, throbbing button. He rapidly flicked the tip of his tongue against the nub while his fingers pinched and pulled on her nipples. Mary felt her impending orgasm approaching knowing it would be the strongest she'd ever had...the bed shook, Mary tried to ignore it and focus on Tom's mouth, but Tom was no longer there.

"Are you alright?" Bob asked? "You were tossing and turning and sounded like to were having a nightmare. It sounded like you someone was torturing you."

Mary looked around and realized that she was at home, in bed, at 2 AM but with her husband Bob. No Tom, no cheating, no orgasm... "Sorry if I woke you, I guess it was just a bad dream...you know how those are. Perhaps if we, you know, fooled around a bit I could forget about the dream and get back to sleep." Her hand reached into Bob's pajama bottoms and stroked his fat penis. She felt it grow harder and harder as she stroked. Bob reached over and pulled off Mary's long tee shirt she always wore to bed, then pulled off his bottoms. Mary realized she was soaking wet and when Bob went for her panties, she shifted around and pulled them off herself.

Mary lay back with her legs spread hoping Bob would kiss her breasts...stomach...vagina, but he climbed on top with his rock hard cock lined up with her aroused, open lips. 

Bob was only 5 " long, but his cock was extremely thick. When he was in college he got a lot of hand jobs when his girlfriends couldn't fit him in. They were also quite unwilling to suck him since their jaws got tired trying to fit him in their mouths. When Bob met Mary and she was able to take him into her pussy after 2-3 minutes of just the tip...then a little more...then half way in...and when she put her heels on his ass and pulled him all the way in, he knew he had found the perfect girl. Mary could not get enough of his girth and wanted him in her 3 or 4 times a day. After they got married sex slowed down to where it was strictly on weekends. The other disappointing part (for Mary, at least) was Bob was not big on foreplay nor on experimenting with multiple positions. Bob liked to rub her pussy while licking her nipples, finger her a bit - perhaps to see how wet she was, and then climb of top of her and pound her until he came. This was not always satisfying for Mary who would have to take care of herself while Bob went and showered.

As Bob lined up his cock, Mary put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him down. Bob looked at her with a questioning look. "I need you to lick my pussy. I know you've never liked doing that, but tonight, I really need you to." Mary asked. Bob hesitated, then crawled down, opened his mouth and tentatively stuck out his tongue tasted her soaking lips. "Wow, you are really wet tonight." 

His tongue felt so good as he licked up and down her engorged lips and clit. Mary reached down pulling Bob's hand up and put it on her breast. Bob got the message and put both of his hands on her tits and rubbed her nipples with his thumbs while squeezing her breasts. He found that she responded more when he flicked his tongue over her clit, so he focused on that. Soon Mary was grinding her pussy hard into his face as her orgasm approached. Her legs wrapped around Bob and pulled him in tightly as she exploded in a writhing frenzy. Bob felt like his ribs were going to crack under the pressure of her thighs and she came.

"Holy crap!" Bob gasped. "I've never seen you come that hard. Now it is my turn." as Bob crawled up to get relief in Mary's tight pussy.

"How about a blow job?" Mary asked. "I am quite sensitive down there right now."

Bob Looked at her as if she were a stranger. "You never wanted to blow me before. You said I was too big for your mouth."

"I want to try and if I can't, then you know where else you can put that." Mary pushed him onto his back and started licking up and down the shaft of his cock. Soon she had the head in her mouth. She used her tongue to get it thoroughly wet before pushing her mouth farther down. She remembered the soreness in her jaw when she tried this once back in college, but she was determined to get past this. It wasn't long before she was able to feel his pubic hair tickling her nose and lips. Mary started bobbing her head more and more rapidly enjoying the feeling of the head of a cock hitting the back for her throat. She was amazed that she could get the whole thing in with just minor discomfort. Bob's breathing was getting more rapid and she could feel the muscles in his legs get tense. "Stop...I'm going to cum." Bob groaned and tried to pull her mouth off his dick. Mary pushed her face onto his cock as far as she could and clenched her throat as if she were swallowing while still bobbing up and down.

"Oh God!" Bob yelled and thrust his pelvis hard into Mary's face over and over. It was hard for Mary to keep up with all the sperm being shot down her throat, and her face kept bouncing off Bob's pubic bone, but she swallowed as much as she could. Bob let out one last moan and went limp on the bed. His dick popped out of Mary's mouth when she sat up. As Mary coughed and wiped the excess cum off her mouth, Bob was amazed to see that her lips were bruised. "I didn't mean to hurt you." Bob said, "I shouldn't have pounded your mouth so hard."

Mary was moving her jaw around getting like she was working out cramps. "I actually enjoyed the passion of the whole thing." Mary said. "I guess it is nice to get out of the same-ole, same-ole..." Though she did wonder what people would think seeing her puffy lips at work later today.

"I have no idea what got into you, but perhaps your Beer Thursdays are not entirely a bad thing." Bob said, "perhaps you should have Beer Mondays...Tuesdays..."