 The four met out in the lobby. Tom and Bill had conspiratorial grins, "Let's go over to the hibachi place, we have news." Tom said.

"Ok, so what is your news?" Mary asked. "Jack and I had the Michaels drooling over what we can do for their throughput and redundancy, however, they weren't sure if your guys would buy into it, we might have been too aggressive by basically restructuring their entire data center. Tom, which phases did they sign off on, the first three? That would be great, but four and five would be huge."

Tom looked doubtfully at Jack and Mary. "No, sorry they didn't sign off on the first five, nor the first three..."

"Then what, we license our software to them?" Jack asked bitterly.

"You didn't let me finish," Tom said, "Bill, you tell them, you were the real negotiator."

"Yeah, we couldn't sell them on the first five phases without all eight, so they forced us to draw up a contract for all eight phases. We are going to set up our first fully fiber, dedicated datacenter with all eight phases. Mary you meet with the Michaels tomorrow, all three, to go over and sign the contracts. This will a 10 digit contract." Bill finished with a huge grin. "I still am baffled how they found three guys named Michael to vet this project...no Mikes, just Michael." Bill and Tom laughed. "We need saké, who wants some?"

With a huge grin, Mary interrupted, "No, we need Champaign. Who wants to toast with some bubbly?" Waving over the waiter, "Not sure if you have it, but do you have Champaign?...You do, Yes want that and four glasses." Turning back, "This is why they put us together, We finally did it, you guys are the best...I want to kiss you all." Mary said with a huge smile. 

"And, what is stopping you?" Bill asked leaning over to her. He pulled her head towards him and planted his lips on hers.

Mary pursed her lips and felt his tongue probing and pulled away wiping her lips with her napkin. "Easy boy." Getting up she went and kissed Tom and Jack full on the lips, came back and sat down as the wine steward was opening the bottle and pouring out the glasses. Raising her glass, "To the best team I've ever been part of, Bill, your eidetic memory, ability to read people and full understanding of the technology were critical to handling every objection. Tom, your architecting and project planning were key and the way you knocked 4 weeks off the conversion timeline with parallel networking was brilliant. Jack, your recoding for their needs on the fly blew them away, no way would this have happened without any one of you...to the best team and group of guys ever!" Mary raised her glass and downed the bubbly. "I love all of you." She ended with her hand over the top her left breast.

Tom took the bottle and refilled all the glasses, raised his, "Mary your total understanding of what we all do, hell you even pointed out a typo in Jack's code and no one understands that crap he writes, you showed all of us that we can be a power when we work together, but even though you have stressed we are all equal and there is no leader to this team, the reality is, you are our leader and all of this is you." He raised his glass and with the other two downed it.

Mary blushed and quietly said, "I am no more a leader than a puzzle piece, a piece that joins with three other pieces..."

The rest of the dinner was filled with excited chatter about demonstrations, numbers, conversations, the future, the commission...yes, the commission, and after the Champaign, saké and more saké.

"Holy shit," Ted said as they walked back to the hotel. "I've got a huge buzz." Shaking his head he turned to Mary and Bill. "Are you guys alright? You have eighty pages of contract to review for your meeting tomorrow."

Laughing, Mary said, "I'm fine. I nursed one saké and I only had the one glass on Champaign, you and Jack make me a little worried though. If we have questions will you be awake?" Mary looked over at the two grinning friends. "I guess they can wait until morning." She sighed. Turning the Bill, "You OK to answer questions?"

"I'm good, I have a nice buzz, but pretty sure it was just three drinks in all, though saké is pretty addicting, I easily could have had more like our friends here." Nodding his head over to Jack and Tom. "Let's do this in your room, I'd say come to my room, but Tom's snoring might be disruptive." Bill laughed.

When they got back to their rooms, Mary turned to Tom and Jack. "You guys relax and recover. I'm going in with just Bill tomorrow for the finalization and, finger crossed, signing." When Tom and Jack questioned that, Mary responded. "Relax, you guys did everything you could and it's perfect. I need Bill because he will be a terrific resource with his memory and his readings. Just relax, take the day off so to speak and then we can head out tomorrow evening to SEA-TAC with a signed contract."

Bill and Mary got the eighty pages of the specifications and contractual overview out and laid them on the desk. Groaning, Mary mumbled, "Who do I need to blow for a good cup of coffee?"

Bill spun around, "Be right back, black, right?" 

Mary turned her head, "Yes please." She stammered. "No more drinking..."

Mary leaned over the desk shaking her head, 'who are you and what did you do with Mary?' Deciding to get out of the business wear if she had to pore over eighty pages, she went to the closet to change before Bill got back and put on a light top and shorts. She was aware her red bra was very evident through the blouse and decided to remove it since the fake front pockets would cover her nipples.

She was on the twelfth page when Bill knocked at her door. "Whoa, nice legs..." Bill stopped and appraised her from head to toe.

Mary was aware that he saw she had no bra on causing her nipples to harden, but with all the work ahead she was going to need to be as comfortable as possible and the bra was restricting. She took the proffered coffee and turned back to the desk. "Bill, weren't there supposed to be 7 34980 frames? Tom has six here and the HA cluster needs seven, or so I thought. Can you see if he is alive and ask him?"

"Sure, I'll be back, so I suppose my blowjob will have to wait." Bill chuckled.

Taking a sip, "I said a good cup of coffee, this is not a good cup of coffee." Mary said, "I'm afraid there's no contractual obligation when the primary party does not get satisfaction."

With a mock disappointed look Bill headed over to the room he and Tom shared.

Returning with a much refreshed looking Tom, Bill asked Mary, "Is this a good substitute for good coffee?"

With a quizzical look, Tom said, "I'm a substitute for coffee? Anyhow what was the question?"

Bill sat in the chair across the suite studying Mary's ass in her tight shorts as she weighted one leg and then the other, bending over and reaching out to point to a clause or something. He thought about driving his dick into that ass and listening to her squeal...with a jolt Bill realized every time she pointed over to the left her dangling left breast was fully exposed with her untucked shirt hanging down. 'Just walk over and slide you hand under the shirt and cup that monster...' He reached down to adjust his pulsing cock.

Finally Tom and Mary stood up, Mary said with a relieved grin, "So we are ok, the seventh frame is part of this other section. Thank God we don't have to go in with another quote." Mary gave Tom a huge hug and when releasing him said, " Go back and lie down, you look beat. Thanks for clearing that up."

After Tom left Mary and Bill went through the rest of the contract page by page. "Are you remembering all this?" Mary asked, "I am relying on you tomorrow. Where is the timeline for the fourth phase...?" She started paging back through the pile.

Bill came over behind her and grabbed her hand, "I got it." He let go of her hand and put his arm around her waist and reached into the pile and pulled out page 47. "It's right here near the bottom, relax, we are going to be fine, I mean, let's put this into perspective. Everything goes right and we make a huge sale, we blow it and lose the company 10 figures...when you look at it like that, where's the pressure?" Bill chuckled.

"Yeah, thanks for reminding me, but you are right. We've done our best and as Hawkeye Pierce said, 'Best is best.'"

"Sorry, that didn't help, what else do we have here?" Bill said as he stroked her back gently. I think we've covered everything." When Mary stopped shuffling papers and closed her eyes enjoying the hand rubbing her back, Bill slid his hand under her top and savored the soft, warm skin under his fingertips. His cock started the revive thinking about the bare breasts just within reach if he dared.

Mary let out a sigh and leaned over more enjoying Bill's soft stroking. "That feels nice, I guess I am so stressed, this feels good."

Bill moved behind her and slid his right hand under her top and began gently massaging her all the while watching as her top was pushed up more and more in front cupping her full breasts listening to Mary's breathing get softer and more relaxed. "Think about how this feels, how your skin tingles under my fingertips, relax and let the serenity of the moment silence the noise in your head." Bill watched as Mary's head relaxed and her chin rested on her chest. He moved closer pressing his groin into her ass and his hands slid around stroking her stomach, down to the top of her shorts and up 'til his thumbs met the bottom of her bare firm breasts.

Mary felt herself getting lost in the soft ministrations and when she realized Bill's erection was nestled between her ass cheeks and Bill's hand was pushing up against her breasts she sighed, "I'm married, Bill we can't do this, I'm married."

Bill didn't stop. "I know you are married, it's hot feeling my dick pressed into your married ass...I know you like it too, you haven't stopped me, in fact I feel your married ass pushing back." His hands moved up and when finding her soft fleshy mounds continued up wrapping his hands under and gently lifting and squeezing feeling how firm they were. Her top was now pulled over her breasts and Bill could see them in all their glory in the mirror over the desk. His thumbs flicked across her hardened nipples and pressed into her puffy areolas, watching her face crease with pleasure.

"Stop, we shouldn't be doing this," Mary sighed gently leaning into his hot hands and softly pushing her ass against his hard rod. "Why married women? You want to make them feel guilty? What about the husbands you are making the wives cheat on? You don't care that they cannot look their husbands in the face without feeling guilt? Why not single women?" Mary moaned while keeping her hands planted on the desk.

"Married women do more than single women, they seem to release all inhibitions, they give me blow jobs, suck me dry and swallow everything, then they tell me they never do that for their husbands." Bill whispered in her ear while pinching and pulling on Mary's nipples. "I drive my cock in their asses and they squeal with pleasure but they tell me they'd never let their husbands do that. The husbands win, I do them a favor since they call their husbands and tell them they have a treat for them, when they get home, they rip the unsuspecting guy's pants off and deep throat them for the first time in their marriage and when he tries to pull out of her mouth, she grabs his ass letting him squirt his cum down her throat, the continuing to suck she gets him hard and offers him her presumably virgin ass...Can you tell me where what I do is wrong?" Bill was grinding his cock against her ass more urgently. "Also, I want you, I've wanted you since last Beer Thursday when you flashed your boobs at us, I knew you wanted me to do this, by the way, you are the hottest team lead I've ever had...so to speak."

"I'm not your team lead," Mary gasped when Bill pulled harder on her inflamed nipples, "and anyhow wasn't George your last team lead, didn't he just get his stomach stapled?"

"Yes, but he was hot, ever see how much he sweated?" Bill chuckled in her ear. "Get ready, just relax and let me take charge..."

With a long sigh, Mary said, "That isn't me, please stop, it feels good but I shouldn't be doing this...letting you do thisssss."

Bill took her hand off the desk and with no resistance pushed it down to her moist crotch and held her fingers against the sodden fabric. "Tell me you are not wet and I'll stop, tell me your cunt is not pouring out cum expecting my cock to slide in...all the way in, tell me you don't want to drop your shorts and bend over eagerly offering your wet twat to me. Tell me I'm wrong and I'll stop." Bill's mouth was right in her ear and when he stopped whispering her ran his tongue in and around Mary's ear. His hands still working Mary's nipples, his hard cock pressing more and more against her responding ass.

She had to yank her hand away from her snatch when her cell rang. "Hi honey, how are you? Still up I see...yes...yes we'll be in bed soon...Oh, Bill, Bill is here, we are going over the contract for tomorrow...Yessss...yesssss...I'm sorry I was thinking about something else." Mary explained when she reacted to Bill removing her shorts and panties and running his fingers across her wet slit. "I'm really excited - we got the contract...yes the entire package, really huge package...yessss, huge...Bill? Yes, Bill has been great, his hands are all over...this contract...Honey, I've got to go, but have I got a treat for you when I get home...Ooooohhhhh yesss...yess...I love you too." Oh, oh, yes yes, fuck me damn it, I'll swallow his cum, but I'm not letting him fuck me in the ass." Mary chucked as she swept the papers off the desk and planted her face on the desk.

Bill marveled at how muscular and round her ass was as he buried his cock in her cunt. the only sounds were Mary's mews when he slammed all the way in and the smacking sound of his hips slamming into her ass cheeks. He felt her hand come underneath and start playing with his swaying balls which started to send him over the edge. "Stop, I don't want to come yet, I am too close...ah, yes...that's better." 

Mary loved the feel of Bill's large balls and how mush sperm they must contain to be so heavy. When Bill told her he was close she eagerly attacked her clit with her fingers and felt the copious juices flowing out of her. 'Bill sure knows how to seduce married women, even if I weren't willing, I doubt I'd be in any other position.' Mary thought as Bill with renewed energy pounded he pussy. She felt the familiar aching between her legs growing and let out a moan while more roughly worked her clit, "Ooohhh, fffuuuuccckkkk...Yesssssss...yesss...yesss...sssssssss." She went limp on the desk feeling spent.

Bill pulled out and lined up his cock against her anus and gently pushed.

"No, please, I am...not ready for that." Mary gasped, almost saying she was too sore from the pounding Jack gave her the night before. "Cum in my mouth, or my pussy...sorry."

"I understand," Bill said, "love the feel of your tight cunt and I want to feel my sperm fill up that married cunt of yours." He slipped his cock back into Mary, continued pounding and when he felt her hand again gently stoke his balls, he no longer could hold back, grunted and spewed his cum deep into Mary's pussy, thrusting his hips over and over even after he was spent prolonging the glorious feeling of being inside the glorious golden haired beauty.

Finally he pulled out and cum poured out of Mary's abused vagina onto the floor. "Sorry," he said, "I should have warned you."

"No need, I told you you could come in my pussy, anyhow the coffee was actually great and I probably owed you a blowjob, would you take fucking me as fair exchange?" Mary laughed. She pushed herself up and cupping her pussy, she went into the bathroom to clean up, "Can you put the contract back in order, and perhaps avoid the cum on the floor? Thanks." She grinned as she disappeared into the bathroom.

When she came out, Bill was pleased to see she was still naked and wished he hadn't spent his erection when she took a towel and bent over to clean the cum off the floor. "Mary, you can do that in front of me any time you like."

Mary looked back over her shoulder and grinned, "Not very modest I guess," Stood up and flopped down on the bed. "it felt nice to cum here." She said winking at Bill.

"You don't cum while on these trips? Seriously, you don't masturbate?" Bill asked.

"That's personal, don't you think?" Mary asked shyly, immodestly lying on her back with her legs spread open.

"Come on, I just had you bent over, my penis...seven inches into your vagina and you think a simple question is personal?" 

"Ok, sure, I do...I like it and it feels good, plus sometimes it takes the edge off being alone." Mary said softly

"Are the orgasms as intense as you just had or when you are with Bob?"

"Sometimes, it depends. Usually though, having a hard cock stretching me out is a lot better, more intense and longer duration." Mary said, now more comfortable with the conversation. "How about you, how is it for guys?"

"I cannot speak for other guys, but nothing compares to the unbelievable intensity of my cock head rubbing against a woman's vaginal walls when reaching orgasm, tonight, with you, and this is not hyperbole...fuck, my knees buckled. Your cunt is a work of art and even though I never fuck married women again after taking them...I really don't want to break up anyone's marriage, I want to feel that again."

"I don't think so, you definitely caught me in a moment of...not weakness, stress perhaps coupled with alcohol. This is a onetime thing...it was great though, you are really good with the seduction thing." Mary said grinning at him.

"Will you masturbate for me? I'd really like to watch...just close your eyes and imagine Bob, or me taking you."

Mary's eye's got really wide and seeing the intent look on Bill's face, his stroking his cock, his body language, his eyes drinking in her aroused lips spread wide open for him. She slid her hand down watching Bill's face and was rewarded when she slid down across her mons, her sensitive clit, her wet slit, but when she drove two fingers in she saw Bill's jaw drop and his hand work faster on his cock. Closing her eyes, she continued pumping her fingers into her twat and grabbed her breasts and pulled, squeezed and stroked each one. She felt the bed bouncing harder exciting her knowing what that was...she imagined Bill bouncing on top of her, pounding her with his hot sweaty body, pounding her pussy with his beautiful cock, driving deeply into her, listening to him grunt, his hard shaft grinding her clit...she wanted to be on her knees, her ass sticking up, legs splayed wide, shamelessly offering her hole, her holes to whomever wants them. She rolled over with a groan and buried her face in the pillow and thrust her ass up and furiously rubbed her pussy, her clit. She heard Bill moan eagerly and knew what he wanted. Her fingers slid up to her tender ass, not caring about the pain, sunk a finger in the cum soaked sphincter, then a second...the ball of her hand grinding her clit. She moaned in frustration wanting release, wanting a hard dick pumping a release out of her, imagining Bill's cock sinking into her pussy, her ass..Tom's huge cock in her pussy...Bill's in her ass and Jack pumping his cock down her throat she groaned louder. "Damn it, fuck me, fuck me anyway you want." 

Bill stopped stroking his cock every 20 seconds or so when he felt his balls boil, watching Mary's unbridled passion, her ass opening as she rolled over thrusting her ass up at him, and hearing her plea, crawled over and when he pushed his cock against her open asshole, he pushed it in halfway, pulled back and responding to Mary pushing back drove his cock deep in her rectum.
