 She stands naked on the carpet in the middle of the room. I stand in the doorway, awaiting orders.

"You can come in," she says. "After you take your clothes off. And you're coming in on your hands and knees."

I comply. Sweater and t-shirt over my head. Pants down, shaken off the legs. Quick tugs at the socks. Underwear pulled off and tossed aside in one fluid motion. I get down on the floor.

"Approach. But be slow about it."

I do.

I get to her. And now I need to come clean. The instructions are pro forma, part of the game. I know what to do. Hearing them has been part of the fun. But I don't need them, not at this part.

I lower myself even further from my hands and knees, on the floor to her left. Her feet are in front of me; in yoga you'd say she is in Mountain pose. I glance up. There's a second of eye contact that's free of pretense. And then she nods and her face reassumes the Mistress aspect. I must begin.

I kiss the top of her left foot. And again. And again, moving around the surface as I do it. My left arm supports me, but my right hand is free to reach around and hold her ankle. The top of her foot is the main focus, but each toe gets an individual kiss with the tiniest bit of suction. After the left foot has gotten its due, I creep around radially on my belly to be able to reach her right foot, and commence kissing. 

As I work my lips on the tops of her feet, I feel myself swell. I was careful, when settling down, to arrange for my cock to be pointing towards my head, so that the sensitive underside is on the carpet. By the time I move to her other foot, I am involuntarily working my hips a little, rubbing myself on the carpet as I work. 

Feet finished, I angle myself up and kiss her ankles. First right, then left. Every few kisses involve some tongue; her ankles taste faintly of soap with a hint of salt. My hand slides slowly up and down her calves as I kiss her ankles.

And then up to her calves. She has strong calves. She spends a lot of time on her feet, and is active, and her calves curve wonderfully as a result. I worship them with my mouth.

Her knees. On each side, I kiss the front first, at the center of the kneecap, and then move around to pay homage to the more intimate flesh of the backs. By now, I'm sitting up on my knees, no longer performing frottage on the carpet. My erect cock juts out like a sword, and while Mistress won't let me keep it against her the entire time, I make sure to accidentally brush the head against her ankles as much as I can. My new position also leaves both of my hands free to do advance work, so I press them into her thighs, working my way up slowly. The area around her pussy is off limits for this game, but her ass is fair game, and I make my way slowly.

My lips follow my hands upwards. By the time my hands are on the curves where the backs of her thighs become the bottom of her ass, I am kissing the front of her thighs, working inward as close to her pussy as she'll let me. She stands impassively, for the most part (I know that, if I could see her face clearly, I'd see her eyes shut now and then, and her lips work themselves; but I can't see these things except in my mind's eye). The exception is when I move my mouth too close to the forbidden zone, which gets me a firm hand on top of my head and - once - the kind of "no" you give a dog that is jumping on people.

Her pussy is off limits, but her ass is emphatically not so. So as I work my way up, I reposition so that I'm on my knees directly behind her. My hands are on her ass cheeks, alternating between squeezing and caressing. Each cheek gets a few kisses, but I quickly move to the top of her crevice and then kiss my way downward, spending more time at each successive increment, kissing and licking and burying my face between her cheeks. Until I reach her asshole. My hands each now pulling a cheek outwards, and her moving her feet apart slightly and bending forward a little, I worship with my lips and tongue. I feel her weight shift and glance up to see that her hands are now on her nipples, her fingers moving slowly back and forth. I work my tongue, also sliding the head of my cock back and forth on the back of her knee, leaving a little trail of pre-come.

But her asshole is just a way station. I stop - with difficulty - and, keeping my hands on her cheeks a bit longer, move up to kiss the small of her back. I reach around now from her ass cheeks to her belly, and then move myself around to kiss the roundness of her belly. We haven't completely done away with the Mistress pretense, but her hands are now on top of my head, working through my hair, and there's no discipline for the fact that my cock is now in constant moving contact with her legs.

Her belly! It's different from the wonder of her asshole, but just a different kind of wonderful. I kiss my way around it, now moving my hands around her lower back and still detouring down to her ass cheeks. Lacking access to her pussy, I make mouth-love to her bellybutton. Her hips now rock back and forth slightly as I proceed. 

A brief lacuna on her upper belly, but staying there for very long takes more discipline than I have when her breasts are right there above. I kiss their undersides from below, but again, that is just a way station. Breasts were designed to go into mouths in a certain way, and who am I to question that. On my knees but upright, I kiss and suckle her right nipple, my hand meeting hers on the left. Her hips still rock into me, and my cock slides up and down the fronts of her thighs. 

I move my mouth to her left nipple, hands to her right. Her hands work through my hair. She whimpers.

But this is too much focus on the front. After the proper homage has been paid to her tits, I rise up from my knees to my feet and walk around behind her. I kiss the spot in her upper back above and between her shoulder blades where her spine starts to curve forward into the back of her neck, then moving my attention out in a set of loose spirals out towards her shoulders. My arms go around her, my fingers lightly grazing the nipples that are still wet from my mouth. Her left arm reaches back to place her hand on my ass; her right reaches down towards her pussy, and her hand is busy. As I kiss, I'm pressed against her with my upwards-pointed cock nestled between her ass cheeks, sliding up and down a little as I move. God, I want to come on her back, but I can't. Shortcuts anger Mistress.

I step back around to the front. Her neck. I stoop slightly and angle my head up to kiss her neck, a series of light kisses tracing a pattern of hummingbird wings up and down both sides of her neck. My arms are around her, loosely; she reaches down and uses me as a flesh dildo, rubbing the stiffness around in small circles on the head of her clit. She whimpers again; the Mistress act barely holds. But it holds.

And one of Mistress' rules is no face. So I cannot kiss her face, not now. But I can suck on her earlobes, and bite them. She whimpers again. Down below, as she uses me as a tool, I can feel how wet she's gotten.

"Now," she says. "Now."

I don't need to be told twice. I step around behind her and get on my knees. She steps down also onto her hands and knees in front of me, and then lowers her shoulders and head down to the ground with her ass in the air, her pussy hanging expectantly underneath it. 

I pay final homage to her ass by sliding my cock up and down between her cheeks twice and then reach down to guide myself into her pussy.

Holy god.

Slide in. Slide out. Oh god. My body is filled with electricity, or at least with fuck energy. She rocks back and forth in counterpoint to me, guided partly by my hands on her hips. Oh fuck yes. Oh fuck yes. Through my cock, I feel the muscles inside her start to contract. She moans. I moan, and the electricity that's been building inside me discharges along with about a gallon of come.

We sink down onto the floor on our sides. Mistress is gone and now it's just Amy curled up spooned inside me, the backs of her thighs getting smeared with the mess we made on my cock.

"God, that was great," she says. "So what time are they getting here? I guess we should get the soup started."