 We were going to go to dinner, my friend and I. I say friend, but I suppose she is more than that, but not my girlfriend -- more accurately, my intimate friend, or my friend with whom I'm intimate....not a fuck buddy, you understand...a buddy I fuck...there is a distinction!! For example, we go to dinner!!

So, now that I have cleared that up and you understand our relationship...that night we were going to dinner and, if the mood was right, maybe we would fuck afterwards (or during...but that is a different story!)!

I was prompt as usual, which in her mind is usually a good hour too early and in reality probably a generous half hour! Better 30 minutes early than 10 minutes late, I always say!

I rang the bell of her apartment and she answered the door wearing only a towel! Nothing rare in that...but no less pleasing to the eye for it! Maybe that's why I'm always so early...to enjoy the vision and ritual of her dressing to go out?!

She greeted me unselfconsciously with a beaming smile and an affectionate peck on the cheek. I should explain that we are friends, albeit flirtatious ones always...until a spark ignites...then a fire burns that consumes us! But there is no constant smoldering sexual tension between us...that would be exhausting!

She was on the phone...again not unusual as she lives with a phone almost permanently attached to her right ear. She was on the phone to her best mate, Charlotte. Oh dear!! This was not good news for our dinner reservation! My friend and Charlotte are like conjoined twins...only not joined at the hip or such like, but by the phone waves transmitting between them! They could, and do, spend the day together and still call one another on their separate journeys home. Their conversations are never brief affairs! Early indications were that they were midway through this conversation. They were talking about a TV show or maybe a movie. Traditionally that comes after 1) Shopping and, 2) Bitching about mutual acquaintances, but before 4) Plans for the evening/day/weekend and 5) Love and sex. The final stage, Stage 6), is a return to whichever of 1) to 5) is the most pressing topic of the day!

I made myself a drink, a hefty Bacardi cola and refreshed hers, a gin and tonic, for which she blew me a kiss and held up her hand with all her fingers splayed...Its indeterminable whether that means 5 minutes or 5 hours!!!...Or perhaps Stage 5)...since I once admitted to her that I had decoded her telephone ritual!

I settled myself into an armchair opposite the sofa my friend had curled herself into and leafed through a gossip magazine. I was really reading it as I was more interested in my friend's conversation. You see, I carry a bit of a torch for Charlotte! I've only met her a handful of times, usually briefly, but each time the experience has been captivating! She is the Polar opposite of my friend in many respects, most notably in appearance. While my friend is blue-eyed and blonde and voluptuously proportioned...wonderfully large and heavy breasts, wide hips and beautifully firm and round arse!! Charlotte, on the other hand, is a brown-eyed, brunette English rose, with a slim, almost boyish, figure...a toned, athletic bottom and delightfully pert breasts!! It has been my overwhelming pleasure to meet her a few times on chill days where her stiff and surprisingly, deliciously, large nipples have teased me from beneath her shirt!! My friend claims that Charlotte has noticed my woefully inadequate attempts at 'looking without looking' and most recently has taken to deliberately seeking to titillate me!! I didn't know whether this was true, I suspected not, but I loved the possibility that it could be!

Anyway, I digress! My friend and Charlotte were chatting and I was half-listening. I must have been momentarily distracted by the magazine because it suddenly occurred to me that my friend was referring to tonight's dinner and what she should wear. Ah! We appeared to have moved to Stage 4) Plans for tonight! I heard her tell Charlotte that she was having dinner with me tonight. Charlotte said something and my friend laughed aloud for some time before agreeing that yes it had to be sexy enough to divert my attention from the menu prices. She flashed me a mischievous look and I flashed one back...a mutual raising of eyebrows, smirking of lips and holding of gaze for an instant longer than necessary!!...And there it was...the spark!! She had this ability, like no-one other, to arouse me in an instant!!

I now noticed the beautiful nakedness of her shoulders and the manner inn which her towel shaped to the fullness of her large breasts. I noticed also her smooth and shapely legs...her surprisingly delicate ankles and slim calves toned by years of wearing vertigo inducing heels. I noticed her firm thighs...the thighs she swears are too thick and too heavy, but which to my eye provide a perfect balance between her rather plump arse and those athletic calves. Finally, at least in narration, if not in reality, I noticed the manner in which the towel had parted and how much of her delicious inner thighs I could now see!! My fire was well and truly lit and was ablaze in my imagination and in my trousers!

I could feel my member stiffening. Rapidly unfurling and pressing insistently against the fabric that restrained it. I had chosen to wear simple and loose fitting cotton boxers and khaki chinos. This was a deliberate choice for my friend's benefit. I knew that she loved to see the tent-like effect of my arousal and she also enjoyed my laughable attempts to hide this from passers-by! She would see that effect tonight rather earlier than anticipated! I certainly had no intention or thought of hiding as my gaze fixed once more upon her teasingly parted thighs!

She and Charlotte were still talking animatedly about clothes...I was dreaming vividly about kissing my friends thighs! She shifted position fractionally...Oh my god! Was that a momentary glimpse of her pussy!!? It was too brief and too shaded to be sure, but my cock jerked excitedly and emitted a small squirt of pre-cum. I think I may also have gasped audibly! Much more of this and I was aware that a darkened patch would soon be visible on my chinos!! I glanced down to check. My erection was certainly standing tall and proud, but thankfully no embarrassing evidence of my leakage!! I looked up from studying my crotch and quickly realized that I was not the only one checking out my very obvious state of arousal!! I caught my friend looking at it also and now she was looking me straight in the face...her eyes sparkling in that way they do when her excitement is rising!

We held one another's gaze for an eternity...my heart was pounding and my cock was throbbing...but she carried on talking to Charlotte!! She was looking intently at me and, seemingly absent-mindedly, tracing her fingers over her inner thighs, but talking to Charlotte in precisely the same manner as before! It was both agonizing and exciting! What should I do?! Clearly she was enjoying the spectacle...but she was making no moves to end the conversation! She provided me with the answer, in the form of a request... 

"Sweetie...Could I have a refill please?" She asked, waving her still quarter full glass at me. The cheeky cow!! 

I smiled, stood, and walked stiffly to her sofa. She glanced briefly at my straining hard-on as she handed me her glass. I allowed my fingers to caress hers as I took the glass and our eyes met...oh yes! There was a fire burning in hers also! No doubt!

The moment was broken by my friend's assertion to Charlotte that she was indeed still there, but was just asking me to fill her up...Our eyes locked again...I pulsed and leaked again! She laughed at something Charlotte had said...I have no doubt Charlotte had responded with a cheeky comment!

I returned with the drink whilst she brazenly watched my erection approach her. This time it was she who allowed her fingers to caress mine as I handed the drink to her. I'm sure she expected me to return to my armchair, but instead I startled her by settling myself on the floor in front of her. I ran a hand over her calf and kissed it tenderly. She gave me a quizzical and slightly confused look, before returning to Charlotte 

"Oh yes...how did it go with, whatsisname...Rupert?". 

The conversation had evidently arrived at Stage 5). They would now talk about Charlotte's latest date...some city banking jerk called Rupert for God's sake!

I continued caressing my friend's calf, slowly inching my way over her bent knees to her thighs. I dipped my head and kissed her softly where my hands had just wandered and felt her free hand on my head, tenderly stroking and running her fingers through the bristles of my hair. She was still talking to Charlotte, but was also clearly enjoying my attention as her thighs had slightly parted...an instinctive response to the pleasure of my caresses. However, when I cheekily allowed my fingers to dance briefly under the ineffective protection of her towel, she rapidly clamped her thighs together and grabbed hold of my hand! I looked up, momentarily fearing that I had annoyed her, but her eyes were glaring at me only in mock anger. She mouthed to me a playful scolding and squeezed my hand. I winked at her in reply, prompting her to flash that beautiful mischievous smile at me once more. The smile that never fails to set my heart and penis pounding in equal measure!

Releasing my hand, she allowed me to return to my more innocent caresses. Soon enough, when her thighs had again relaxed and parted, I ventured under the towel again. Her thighs slammed shut and she pulled my hand away again....and then again!! This last time she held onto my hand, allowing our fingers to entwine and caress. I brought her hand up to my mouth and kissed it affectionately...then lingeringly...then slipped her index finger into my mouth to suck!! She withdrew immediately and lifted my face to look at hers. She was smiling at mouthed "Naughty!!" to me. I mouthed "Sorry!" in reply, accompanied by a wink and a smile. At this she responded by running her finger provocatively over my lips, allowing me to take it into my mouth. I teased it with my tongue and sucked gently as she withdrew once again...although this time she withdrew much more slowly. She covered the mouthpiece and whispered 

"Love it when you're naughty", before responding again to whatever Charlotte had just said.

Taking that as my green light, I acted boldly now...taking the two ends of her towel, where they parted at her thighs, I tugged slowly, just hard enough for the towel to start to unravel. She grabbed at the knot at her breasts, but sought only to prevent the towel from falling away completely...allowing me to uncover her thighs and hips. Nor she attempt any false modesty as I drank in the vision of her partial nakedness...feasting my eyes on her rounded stomach, her generous hips, the smooth curve of her mound...hairless, as was her, and my, preference. I stroked her thighs and teased her stomach, watching her squirm a little as my gentle touch tickled her sides. I eased her thighs further apart and kissed her there once more. This time there was no attempt to stop me...instead her thighs parted further, allowing me a view of her exposed slit...so neat and tight in appearance, her inner lips ever so slightly protruding. These, I know from experience, swell and protrude increasingly as her arousal grows. I knew already that she would already be tingling and becoming wet. I traced a finger softly along the length of those lips, causing her to gasp suddenly. Charlotte must have been in full flow and not noticed, since my friend was not called upon to explain the gasp.

I beckoned her to bend forward and whispered into her other ear "I'm going to lick your pussy"...

"Nooo! Are you mad!" she wordlessly replied. 

"I have to...I have to taste you...I'm going to suck on your lips and taste your juices", I insisted. 

I felt her breathing change as I whispered those words, becoming faster and more shallow. My fingers were teasing her slit and I was breathing softly into her ear, occasionally flicking with my tongue then nibbling the lobe. My index finger pressed more firmly and I felt her lips parting beneath the pressure. 

"I'm going to lick your pussy" I repeated. 

I heard her reply "Yes!" A deep and guttural sound as though she needed to clear her throat. She may have been responding to me...or she may have been talking to Charlotte. I didn't know for sure. Regardless, the tip of my finger was teasing the entrance to her vagina...spreading her already abundant juices over her labia before slipping delicately into her...again causing her to gasp. She grasped my hand suddenly, moving it away from her pussy, but not removing it completely.

There was a period of silence, and then my friend resumed talking to Charlotte. Her voice was deep and breathy. It was heavy with the lust and desire and desire that I could also see in her eyes and feel in the lubrication of my fingers. When she stopped talking again she released my hand...I took that as permission to continue! However, instead, I dipped my head to her thighs again, which now she opened generously and unrequested. I breathed in the heavy scent of her sex and kissed her inner thighs at the same time allowing my nose to nudge gently against her pussy. I flicked my tongue over her lips...barely touching, but enough to cause her to suck in her breath in mid-sentence! I traced the length of her slit with my tongue...licking and tasting...gently slipping between her lips momentarily. Then flitting briefly over the hood of her clitoris, which again caused her to gasp. Once again I felt her hand on my head...though now pressing more firmly rather than casually stroking. I responded boldly...seeking the entrance to her pussy with my tongue. At first I teased, but then slipped confidently and deeply inside her, feeling her wetness, her warmth and her tightness. She was incredibly, wonderfully wet! I licked and sucked at her pussy enthusiastically, lapping and drinking her juices. Her hand pressed firmly against my head, pulling me against her...encouraging me deeper and faster. Her hips were raising and writhing in rhythm with the licking of my tongue. She was sighing deeply and occasionally emitting tiny high pitched moans. 

I pulled away and looked up to her. Her face and neck were flushed pink and her eyes were dilated and filled with desire! She had placed her hand over the mouthpiece of the phone to prevent Charlotte from hearing her lustful moans, muttering only the occasional "uh-huh", "No" or "Yeah". I raised myself to my knees and pulled her head towards mine...kissing her passionately...my tongue seeking hers...her tongue responding eagerly. I slipped my free hand under the towel, causing it to finally unravel and fall away from her breasts. I caressed her wonderfully heavy, yet firm bosom, gently squeezing her nipples between my fingers. I slowly squeezed harder and harder, just as I know she likes it...feeling her moan into my mouth. Our tongues were writhing in unison...her body was arching towards mine...pressing her breasts into my hand. I pulled away and we briefly stared into one another's lust-filled eyes. I glanced down to look at her breasts...flushed pink and heaving...her nipples were swollen, erect and craving attention! I lowered my head and sucked each nipple in turn...long deep sucks, pulling each bud between my lips and flicking with a stiff tongue. She emitted a long, high-pitched moan as my teeth grazed along the length of her nipple and she dug her nails into my scalp.

Our passion was temporarily interrupted by Charlotte again...my friend was apologizing...explaining that I had been distracting her. I stood now before her, watching her intently as she attempted to return some attention to Charlotte. She was talking about me...extolling my virtues! Complimenting my sense of humour, my intelligence...oh my god...my sexual prowess! I would normally have been highly embarrassed to be witness to such gushing tributes, but I was beyond any bashfulness now! I was unzipping my chinos and allowing them to slip naturally down my thighs and presenting my friend with the view of my bulging white boxers. Without further encouragement my friend switched her phone onto loudspeaker mode and, using both hands, tugged my shorts down to my knees! My cock sprang immediately to attention and pulsed in anticipation. She was explaining to Charlotte how much she loves the feel of my tongue licking her...how I manage to 'hit the right spots'! At the same time she gently took my cock in one hand and caressed it...peeling back my foreskin with ease to reveal my swollen and wet crown. She stroked up and down my shaft several times whilst looking directly into my eyes. She was telling Charlotte how I was a sensual lover...gentle and considerate...certainly not a wham-bam merchant!!!!

I couldn't believe my ears! I knew she enjoyed our love-making as much as I did, but to hear it being confirmed to Charlotte was an astonishing ego boost! I felt on the edge...like the slightest touch now would make me explode! That touch was to be her lips passing smoothly over my tip!!! I groaned loudly as she took me deeply into her mouth...sucking hard as she lifted her head back, bringing my cock out of her mouth again. Charlotte was talking now 

"You lucky cow! You know I think he's dreamy!!! You're just teasing me now!!" and she laughed...a gorgeous laugh that I hadn't heard before. 

My friend was rolling her tongue over my glans now...teasing the ultra-sensitive underside with the tip of her tongue...while Charlotte was explaining how she'd love to experience for herself how sensual I could be! 

"Why don't you?", my friend replied. "I've told you before that I know for certain he fancies you!". 

She squeezed my balls and grazed her nails over my perineum...forcing me to grunt and dribble a drip of pre-cum, which she immediately sucked greedily into her mouth. 

"Yeah, I know, but he's your guy and I wouldn't want to mess with that....I know you say he's not your boyfriend and neither of you is exclusive with each other...but, sweetie, the way you talk about him...I know he's more than that to you!!"

Our eyes met in an instant...the shock on her face plain to see..."Fuck Charlotte!!!! You can't say that!!! Jesus!!!!" she exclaimed! 

"What?!! Why're you getting so excited? Because it's true?!! I know that's why you haven't had a steady boyfriend since you met him?!!!"

"No, you dopey cow!!! Because he can hear you?!!! I have the phone on speaker now!"

"What?!!! Why?!! Shit!!! Since when?!!! Shit!!!! How much has he heard?!!"

My friend had recovered quickly from her shock and embarrassment. Now it was time for me to share the embarrassment... "Just for a few minutes...since he started getting a bit frisky on me!!"

"Oh?! What are you two up to? Or shouldn't I ask!!!"

My friend laughed in reply, still looking directly at me and caressing me lovingly..."Mmmmm sweetie...something I know you'd be so envious about?!!"

"You naughty cow!!! I knew you weren't bloody paying attention!! You're never fucking him now are you?!!!"

"Well....he's standing in front of me with his trousers round his ankles...his gorgeous cock is about an inch from my face...hang on a sec..." 

She took deep into her mouth once more and sucked hard and greedily...slurping my juices deliberately loudly.... "Mmmmm and he tastes sooooo fucking good!!!"

"OH MY GOD!!!!" Charlotte practically screamed..."You dirty bitch!!! Are you in bed?!"

"Hahahaha no...I'm on my sofa...completely naked...and he's just given me one of his delicious pussy lickings..."

"While you were talking to me?!!!!" Charlotte interrupted

My friend pretended to be sheepish now "Yeah...sorry....that's naughty eh?"
