 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a continuing story to vella_ms', "A Day At The Beach." My story picks up after Dranoel's story, "A Day At The Beach ~ Another Perspective". There is no need to read these stories in order, but should you like follow along, my story is a Chapter 3 in a four part series. The fourth chapter being Liar's, "The Girl Next Door." Enjoy!

===================

A Day at the Beach: The Other Woman

I couldn't get Vella out of my mind. 

That day on the beach was incredible. I have never been with another woman before, even though I wrote erotic stories about having lesbian relationships. It was an incredible moment in my life. And three weeks later, I still couldn't shake how she felt, how she smelled. I could still remember each curve of her body, the softness of her skin, the taste of her on my lips. I wondered if she was still sunning out there on her parents' beach reading erotic stories as the sun kissed her glorious tanned body. 

I lay back in my bathtub and closed my eyes imagining Vella on that day. I pictured her as she placed the papers down next to her, licked her fingers and reached deep into her bikini bottoms. Her hand moving slowly up and down, going under and then a bit faster as she massaged her clit working herself into a sweet, wonderful orgasm. I could feel my own body starting to get excited, just as it did then and I spread my legs, letting the warm bath water splash back and forth against me. I took the soap and circled it around my breasts, using the wash cloth to rub against my nipples, making them erect with the somewhat rough cotton material. 

I slid the cloth down between my breasts, massaging my stomach and bringing it lower. I released the cloth and let it float away using my fingers to part and caress the lips of my labia. Running a finger down the slit, barely touching the swollen skin with my fingernails, which sent surges throughout my body. My breathing became a bit labored as my hand cupped the wet mound, my middle finger tapping my clit as I bring my hand up and down along it. 

Using my other hand, I cupped my breast, my thumb teasing the nipple. Taking it between my fingers, I pinched it, delighting in the sensation that that has caused. I lifted my hips and brought my fingers down, spreading the lips and slipped a finger in and then out again. I added another finger, dipping them again pumping them as I moved my hips up and down. My finger began to massage my clit., faster, pressing down, crooking my finger and playing with the tip of my clit. Tapping it faster, not stopping. I pressed my finger down, circling it. My orgasm came quickly, the sensation searing through my body. It amazed me how I can make myself orgasm so quickly. Not that I am complaining, it's a wonderful feeling. 

I finished my bath and headed towards my bedroom, passing my cell phone that I had left on the bedside table. "One missed call?" I said out loud. "Shit!" I thought, "I hope it wasn't work." I must have left my cell on vibrate the night before. I pressed the call log. No. Not work. 

I hit the redial button.

"Hello?" The soft, voice of a woman answered.

"Um..Hi!" I stammered. I shook my head and quickly gathered my thoughts, "I have this number on my cell phone; you must have called me. My name is Honey...who is this?"

"Honey!" The woman replied. "Hiyas! It's Vella! Do you remember me?"

I stood there, my mouth open wide. "Do I remember you? I just masturbated to you in the bath!" I thought, but instead said, "Yes! Vella! Hi, how are you?"

"Good. But, well, I was wondering what you are doing today or actually for the weekend?" 

My heart pounded in my chest. I began a mental checklist of the things that needed to be done, but decided it could wait. "Nothing. I'm free."

"Great." She exclaimed. "Come up to my beach. I am having a party tonight. A few close friends, but I remember you telling me that you wrote erotic stories and well it just so happens that one of my friends is a publisher. I showed him a story you had wrote and well, he is dying to meet you."

"Really?"

"Yes. He is extremely honest and although he thought your stories were good, he did admit that they needed some work."

"Oh?"

"Well, um..." She paused, keeping me in suspense, "He did question if you did this for a living and when I told him no, he said thank God, but really, he wants to meet you. Actually, he exact words were, "I need to meet her." Vella's voice sounded a bit strange when she repeated to me what her friend had said. Trying to sound a bit nonchalant.

"Really? Well...okay. I will bring more stories for him read as well." I said, feeling a bit disappointed that this man was saying that my stories weren't good. After all, I only wrote for fun and for a release of sorts.

"He is really handsome and great fun. I think you'll like him, really!" Vella taunted. I knew she was trying to make her voice sound excited and this made me smile. I was thinking she sounded a bit smug.

"Ok. It sounds great. I'll be there." 

Our conversation lasted a little longer as I got the details on what was ahead for me that evening. She also told me a few more things her publisher friend had to say about my writing and although I was excited that Vella thought of me, I was getting revved up to meet this guy and give him a piece of my mind. Handsome or not, I've learned not to let that get in the way tonight. I looked at the time, and realized that if I wanted to make good time, I needed to start packing.

~ ~ ~

As I approached Vella's house, the song "Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch" was blaring. I smiled to myself wondering if Vella had ESP and knew I was parking my car outside. Smiling and humming along with the song, I parked my little white sports car and turned it off. Breathing deeply, I looked up to the well-lit cottage and could see that the party was in full swing. I started to get nervous, I mean, I was thrilled that Vella invited me that I would get to see her again, but I was also nervous about meeting that publisher she had told me about. 

I enjoy writing erotic stories, but I never thought they were good enough to be published. Vella said that the publisher was young, handsome and very honest. She had given him one of my stories and he said he thoroughly enjoyed it and wanted to read more. He said that he they might not do well as books, but what harm would it be for a magazine. 

Making my way up the stone steps leading to the front door, I saw smoke from the barbecue and realized that I was starving. I also realized that I needed a drink, fast. Before I had a chance to step through the door, it swung open and an extremely attractive gentleman came out with an equally attractive female clinging to his arm. I was so surprised that I stumbled and fell with quite a hard thump on my tush.

"OH!" I yelped, as I landed not quite ladylike on the hard stairs.

"I'm sorry." Started the blonde-haired gentleman as he bent down, offering a hand.

Before I could reach it, the woman at his side drawled in her southern accent, "Come on, sweetie, I don't have much time!"

Looking down at me with an amused smirk on her beautiful face she continued, "You're alright aren't you, beautiful?"

I jumped up and brushed myself off but before I could answer her they were off down the path with "handsome guy" just shrugging his shoulders in apology.

"Sure, sure, I'm fine! Thanks for caring." I muttered and make my way through the door.

"HONEY!!" yelled the extremely attractive blond at the other end of the room. 

I didn't know where to turn, I could feel my cheeks turning beet red.

"Everyone, this is Honey! Honey, this is everyone!"

"Hi, Honey!" came the smattered hellos from around the room. I just smiled and waved, responding with an embarrassed "Hi!"

As Vella approached me, I calmed down a bit. She grabbed me in her arms and hugged me tight. 

"I am so glad you came." She whispered in my ear. "You look fabulous."

"Thank you."

"It's gonna be a crazy night, so if we don't get a chance to talk we will have all day tomorrow." She said. "You did bring your overnight, right?"

"Yes, it's in the car. I figured I'd get it later."

Just as Vella was going to say something, a dark-haired guy stuck his head out of the kitchen. "Vella, I need you!" I recognized him immediately and waved at him. He was the one that Vella suggested I watch her with that night. Thinking back to that evening, I smiled as I remembered how beautiful their lovemaking was. It was the last night I actually saw Vella since I was returning home from my brief vacation. 

"Ok, love, I will be right there." Vella looked at me. "I'll be back. Go get a drink and make some friends. I believe that guy I told you about is around here somewhere." Vella's gaze skimmed the crowd.

"Really?" I asked.

"Yes. The publisher I told you about!" Vella laughed and rolled her eyes.

"Hey, did you forget about me?" The man was yelling again at Vella from the kitchen.

She just smiled and looked at me, her dimples deepening as she winks at me. "Martin, he just drives me crazy, yannow?"

I watched Vella as she made her way to Martin and laughed to myself as he ran his hand down her hip, cupping her ass and pushing her in through the doorway. I sighed deeply and began to feel desperately alone when I heard their murmured giggles and kisses. I turned and looked for the bar. "I need a drink," I thought to myself and decide that a good strong one will do.

"What's your poison, love?" Said the man who has volunteered as bartender for the night.

"Um...how about a Tequila Sunrise?" I asked raising my eyebrows.

"Coming right up!" I watched as the bartender mixes my drink, going a bit heavy on the Tequila and winking at me as he did so. I smiled my thanks, took my drink and decided to find a quiet corner to hide in, but before I do that the door crashes open and in walked that gorgeous blonde male that knocked me down in the doorway. I feel my heart pound in my chest at the sight of him. As we make eye contact, he smiles at me and then is immediately surrounded by a bevy of beauties and has them laughing as he whispers something to the lot of them.

Lifting my drink to my lips, I made my way outside, stopping along the way to have bits of conversations with people hanging out on the deck. Leaning against the rail, I watched the sunset. It was glorious. The colors of gold, orange and pink spattered across the sky, lasting only a few breathtaking seconds and then it was gone. I sighed deeply, taking another sip of my drink.

"The sunset blossoms, a swirl of blood, grapes and honey..." 

I turned to tell the gentleman behind me how beautiful that was. I was struck speechless when I saw who it was.

"So, how's your butt?" He asked looking deep into my eyes. His blue eyes with gold flecks only added to his attractiveness. 

Unable to answer right away, I blinked my eyes to gain some control over myself. 

"My Butt?" I asked. "Oh..it's fine, really! I am such a klutz" I laughed instinctively rubbing my ass cheek. This drew his attention to my hand as he watched me caress myself. I felt a tingle surge through my body and felt blush rise up on my cheeks.

"What's that?" He asked pointing to my almost empty drink.

"Tequila Sunrise. Ever have one? They are usually very good. I mean, this one is good to...just heavy on the Tequila." I rambled and took another gulp in desperation to shut myself up. "You are blowing it...shut up." I reprimanded myself.

"Oh. No, I am a beer man myself." He laughed and for the first time I noticed a slight accent. He sounded a bit like Sean Connery and thought that he must be Scottish or something. "Which reminds me...I am a bit empty handed. I'll be right back." 

I nodded and thought, "Right, of course you will." And decided to take a walk on beach. The wind was warm and refreshing and smell of salty air filled my nostrils. I walked over the sand dunes and spotted Vella's raft. Sitting down, I realized that the Tequila was getting to me and leaned back on my elbows, enjoying the slight buzz I was feeling, the sky and humming softly to the music which was drifting towards me from the beach house. Sheryl Crow. One of my favorite singers was belting out a tune. Looking around to ensure that I was all alone, I decided to join in her song. I have a pretty good singing voice, but still not wanting to be embarrassed I double-checked to make sure no one was around.

"Darlin', I'm killed. I'm in a puddle on the floor. Waiting for you to return. Oh what a thrill! Vacillations got allure. How you tease. How you leave me to burn..."

"So, not only are you beautiful, but you have an incredible voice as well. What? Are you trying to get me to fall in love with you?" 

Startled, I jumped up and crashed into him making him spill the drinks on the sand and pretty much all over me! In an attempt to keep us from falling into the sand, he grabbed me to him, his arms wrapping around me, pulling me to him. My hands flattened on his chest and I immediately became aware of the muscles under his cotton shirt. I heard him laughing under his breath and bent, resting my forehead on his shoulder. I closed my eyes, feeling oddly secure for the first time that evening.

"You really are a klutz, aren't you?" 

I breathed in, knowing full well that he wouldn't believe me if I said I really wasn't, just it seemed when he was around. I simply joined in his laughter, shaking my head.

He didn't loosen his hold on me, but cupped my face with his hand, lifting it to his. I didn't open my eyes right away, feeling totally embarrassed and foolish. I turned my head slightly, which allowed my lips to come in contact with the palm of his hand and impulsively, I licked my lips feeling his skin beneath my tongue. My eyes snapped open when I heard his sharp intake of breath and watched as if in a dream as he lowered his lips to mine. I opened my lips, accepting the sweetness of his mouth and the tantalizing play of his tongue on mine. My hands slid up his chest and entangled themselves in his hair, pulling him closer. It was a gentle kiss. Soft, so very soft. Our tongues met, tasting, teasing. I pulled him closer and realize that the front of my dress was incredibly wet and was sure that it was staining his shirt.

"Oh, my God! I am so wet!" I exclaim, pulling away slightly.

He looked surprised and responded quickly, "I've been told I am good kisser, but this is amazing!"

"What... No, that's not what I meant!" My hand covered my mouth in an attempt to stifle my laughter.

"No?"

"Yes...I mean..NO!" I hung my head laughing quietly at my giddiness, "You are a good kisser...I meant, my dress, it's soaked and I think I am staining your shirt."

"OH!" He looked at his shirt and we both started laughing.

"It's unfortunate that just your dress is wet." He said sobering up a bit. His eyes holding less laughter and regaining that passion which soon-to-be lovers know so well. A look of desire, want, need.

I shivered at the thought of being naked in his arms. Feeling the tongue that I just licked, travelling over the curves of my body. As we began to move towards one another, a cell phone broke the stillness. Freezing in mid-movement, we looked at each other. Raising a finger, he answered his cell phone.

"'Lo?"

I heard a loud mumbling from the other end and the tone was just at the point of frantic. I listened silently as he calmed the other person down, letting them know he would be there in a few hours.

As he turned away, I had a chance to collect my thoughts and inspect my very ruined outfit.

"Sorry about that, Sweetheart." He said, slowly caressing my cheek with his thumb. "Something has come up. Damn incompetent people I work with! I have a deadline and now...Argh!"

I watched his face as he talked, seeking perhaps a slight inclination that he was making excuses. But nothing in his expression or eyes told me that he was lying.

I liked him from the moment I saw him. There was something about him, something familiar. He reminded me of someone. I just couldn't put my finger on it. I recently moved to a new apartment in New York City, so I really haven't met many people, and believe me, this man I would have certainly remembered.

I was disappointed at the thought of him leaving. I simply nodded and smiled a smile that said, "I understand." 

"Do you live around here?" He broke the silence with this question.

"No. I live in New York. I'm staying over for tonight, though." I said, suggestively.

"I live in New York as well."

Not really sure what to say or how to respond, I muttered an "Oh."

"I'd love to see you again. Perhaps finish what we started here tonight?" His voice was soft, his accent noticeably more visible.

"I'd like that as well. But I don't even know your name!"

Pulling me close, he whispered his name in my ear then lightly kissed my jaw, paying close attention to the curve of my neck.

"Mmmm" I moaned. "Lovely."

I felt him chuckle against the soft skin of my collarbone.

"My name?"

"No...your kisses." I laughed, adding, "But it's an odd name. Are you Scottish?"

"Swedish, actually. My accent, which believe me as gotten better, does make me sound like a drunken Sean Connery."

His mouth traveled along my collarbone, his tongue licking the skin made sticky by my tequila drink. His mouth moved towards the opened buttons of my dress front, finding my décolleté and kissing the swell of my breasts.

I arched my back pressing myself against him as his hands slid over the sides of my body and up over my breasts, cupping them.

"Mmm.." he said softly. "You are wet."

I groaned in response to him and felt my dress sliding up my leg as his hand slipped under it, caressing my thigh. I spread my legs a bit further apart allowing him passage and breathed deeply as his fingers skimmed my buttocks, slipping a finger under the elastic of my panties.

"Yes. Very wet." He mumbled against my breast as his finger slid between the lips of my labia, rubbing the sides then gliding up to massing my clit. I moved my hips back and forth, enjoying the wonderful sensations flooding through my body. When he pushed his finger deep into me, my deep intake of breath obliged him to continue and I pressed against his fingers.

"You feel delightful. But I can't help wondering how you taste."

Simple words but whispered this way to me, made my knees buckle.

I watch him as he brings his fingers to his mouth, drawing them in, sucking them, and tasting me. My eyes widened, as my arousal advanced with his actions.

"Ambrosia! I want more. But I need to go." He looked at me with his gorgeous eyes. "We are not finished."

"Will you call me?" I blurted out, and immediately felt like a schoolgirl.

"You know it! Give me your cell number."

He logged my number into his cell phone, paused for a moment and laughed. "Honey, right?"

"Right." I responded, surprised that he knew my name and a bit embarrassed that this man just fingered me and I barely even know his name.

"And you thought my name was odd?" He laughed.

"I know." And I begin my dissertation on how my parents were flower children and gave my sisters and me very strange names.

"Well, it suits you. Your honey-colored skin and the way you taste..." His voice trails off with a raspy sound.

With a quick, hard kiss, he was off, striding across the sand and up the deck stairs. Vella, who seemed to be talking to him, almost prodding him stopped him. Her hands moving as fast as her mouth. He looked towards me and the putting his arm around Vella's shoulders ushered her indoors.

Remembering my wet dress, I go to my car and grab my overnight from the back seat. As I slam the door, a car passes by and I hear the driver honk. I instinctively raise my hand in response and see that my Swedish friend is blowing me a kiss before speeding off in his blue sports car. I watch his red tail lights disappear down the road.
