 Mary had a date lined up. It wasn't a hot date, more of a get better acquainted date to see where things were going. Seeing she was out of work well before him, Mary had agreed to drop by his flat rather than have him pick her up.

Mary came skipping up to the door, anticipating a friendly date, to be greeted by Ron. Not Travis, but Ron, his housemate.

Ron smiled and invited her in, explaining the problem. 

"Travis has been held up at work. There was a last minute staff meeting and he's stuck and unhappy. He asked me to tell you that he'll be about another half hour and to please not go. He offers lots of apologies and says he'll be here as soon as he can.

So, are you going to come in and wait for the poor chap?"

Mary smiled. "I've come this far, so I might as well come in and wait. Thank you." 

Ron escorted her to the front room, settling her on the couch. 

"Can I get you a drink of anything? Alcoholic, tea or coffee?"

Mary shook her head. "No thanks. If it's all the same to you I'll just relax here and watch some TV."

Ron sighed. "It looks like we owe you another apology. The TV's bung. We've been meaning to get it fixed but it's not football season and we just haven't bothered."

"That's OK," said Mary, feeling just a little irritated. "I'll just sit quietly and wait."

Ron nodded, then looked thoughtful. "Just a suggestion," he said, "but instead of just sitting around feeling bored, why not come to my room and we can pass some time while bonking."

"What?"

"Come to my room and I'll have a long slow sex session with you. It'll be a pleasant way to pass the time."

Mary blinked. "Don't be silly. I can't go to your room and have sex while waiting for my boyfriend."

"Why not?"

"Why not! It's just not done."

"Oh, OK. I can take you here on the couch if you prefer that, but it's kind of lumpy."

"No. You're sex mad."

"Isn't everyone?" queried Ron. "Um. If you're worried that you'd feel guilty about it, I could always rape you." 

Mary thought she was losing track of this conversation. He couldn't possibly be serious. "Why on earth would I want to be raped?" she demanded.

"No guilt feelings," said Ron triumphantly. "Rape means you're not responsible so you're not cheating."

Mary finally understood why a face palm was so appropriate at times.

"I'll pass on that as well, thank you." She said politely. "Anyway, if I say you can rape me, doesn't that mean that it's not rape?"

"A minor detail," murmured Ron, waving away such petty objections.

"Haven't you got a girlfriend to take care of your excess hormones?" Mary asked him.

"Of course," said Ron, sounding slightly offended. "I'm just trying to be friendly and a good host by ensuring that you pass the time in an interesting manner."

"Um," he continued, "I can't help but notice that your nipples are puckering. That's a sign that you're getting turned on. I bet you're wet as well."

"I'm not wet and I'm not turned on," said Mary, in a very quiet voice.

"I'll bet you ten dollars you are," returned Ron with a grin, to be met with a dignified silence.

"No bet. That means I'm right. That couch is really uncomfortable. Come on into my bedroom."

"No."

"Hmm." Ron paused in thought, thinking over the situation. An idea formed.

He moved over to Mary and swiftly reached down, flicked up her dress, and pulled her panties down and off. He then backed quickly away, waving her panties gently from the tip of a finger. 

Mary bounced to her feet, furious. "I'm leaving," she snapped. "I'm not staying here to be raped and if you try I'll scratch your face off."

"I'm not going to rape you," protested Ron. "I just want to have some fun. And so do you. I can smell that you're ready."

"GIVE ME MY PANTIES! I'm leaving."

"They'll be on my bed," said Ron with a laugh, backing out of the room.

Mary bit her lip, looking at the front door and then turning to look at the door Ron had gone through. She didn't really want to go home commando, wearing a short dress. She sighed and moved toward Ron's room to try to get her panties back.

Standing in the doorway Mary could see her panties lying on the middle of bed with Ron standing at the end of it, looking at her quizzically. He smiled and indicated the panties with a wave of his hand. 

Mary edged into the room, watching Ron warily. "You're not going to try anything, are you?"

"Of course I am," returned Ron. "When you lean over to pick up the panties I'm going to lift up your dress and slowly ravish you. You'll enjoy it, honest."

"You are not!"

"I am if you lean over my bed. Now smile. It lights up your face when you do."

Mary glared at him. "Can't you take no for an answer?"

Ron grinned. "I can if I have to. Do I really have to?"

Mary hesitated. That little slip was all the excuse Ron needed, she promptly discovered. He had moved next to her and was gently lifting her dress, one hand reaching down to smoothly cup her exposed mound.

Mary tried to protest and to remonstrate with him, but found her voice muffled by her dress as it was carefully lifted over her head. Then Ron was holding her close while he reached around and unclipped her bra, letting it slip forward and off as his hands moved to cup her breasts and treasure them.

Mary gasped, suddenly sensationally aware of how sensitive her skin was, especially around her breasts and pubic area. And Ron was touching her there, seeming to unerringly find the most sensitive spots and tantalise them.

Mary stood there trembling as Ron's hands danced over her body, invoking visions of delights to come. Then he was holding her hand and moving it, pressing it to the front of his trousers. She could feel him hiding there, big and hard. Helplessly, she watched her hand slide down his zip and dart within, seeking that hot hardness she had felt.

Ron moved Mary carefully towards the bed, pressing her back onto it, all the time their hands mutually explored, stroking sensitive flesh and preparing for even greater pleasures.

It was very off-putting to hear the key in the front door.

Mary bounced to her feet with a gasp, looking dazedly around her. Ron grabbed her clothes and handed them to her before ushering her through a door at the side of the room. 

"This is my entry to the bathroom," he hissed. "Make sure you lock the hall door."

"Hey, Ron," Travis called. "Where's Mary?"

"Don't panic," replied Tom. "She's here. She just had to go to the bathroom. She'll be right out."