 Carrie stood at the edge of the crowd, nervously pushing her hair back over her ear, her face pretty but anxious. She looked down at herself, checking her clothes one last time as the noise of the crowd, mostly teenage boys, grew. She stood on her toes, stretching up to see above the sea of heads. A few boys giggled nearby, watching the curve of her shapely bottom against the outline of her skirt. The butterflies in her stomach went berserk as the team began to file out of the training ground, one at a time. 

Danny Baxter appeared with his trademark grin, chatting away, signing autographs and cracking jokes. She stared hard at his face, a face she'd seen on the telly so many times. Boyish, impish. Cheeky was the best word she knew to describe it. Carrie stepped forward awkwardly, not sure how to get his attention. Schoolboys nudged her out of the way, eager to get to their hero. She stared, mouth half open, hoping if she stood long enough he'd notice her. Suddenly, he looked up and did.

She held her breathe as he smiled at her momentarily, not daring to move. He was approaching his car as she stood there goggling. An elbow to her ribs and a stamp on her foot were the kicks she needed to get back to reality. Barging through the sea of urchins she got to his car just as he opened the door.

"Um, Danny?"

He looked her up and down, smiling slightly, eyebrows raised.

"Could you sign?" she stuttered, blushing uncontrollably.

Danny took the pen, and paused. Carrie stood tall, head back, directing his eyes to the exposed milky white skin above her breast. She smiled at her hero and waited. He grinned mischievously, leaning forward.

His hand felt warm and strong as it rested on her skin. He leaned close, glancing down her top at her cleavage, breathing over her chest, a hot heavy breathe. Carrie sighed a little too loudly, as his fingers probed her fleshy skin gently, his breath rolling over the long curve, brushing her nipple inside her bra. He wrote slowly and when done, stood back, smiling at her. She ached with pleasure to be so close to him, her body suddenly cold without his touch. He looked even sexier than she would've imagined, his face small and round, his head shaved. His eyes seemed to twinkle as he looked at her, full of mischief and naughtiness. She could easily picture him as a boy, his features had no doubt little changed. Take away the stubble and the well-defined body and the child would be staring back at you.

"Call me in five." He winked as he spoke.

Carrie made sense of the words only after he got into his car, a silver Mercedes. She stood back as he reversed slowly, beeping his horn, negotiating the crowd of kids still shouting and dancing. She watched them chase after him, running her fingers over her neck and chest forlornly, a sense of lonliness returning. She looked down at herself, struggled to read the words that were upside. "You are well hot! Danny x 0908..." Carrie began to laugh then covered her mouth with her hand, remembering she was still standing in a car park, surrounded by kids.

Ten minutes later, after finding a bathroom, re-arranging her clothes, and taking down the number several times, Carrie took a deep breathe, took out her phone and dialled. She held her breathe as the other end purred and clicked.

"Alright babe. Meet me at the back of the sports centre, ten minutes, yeah?"

"Ok", she whispered. The line went dead.

She knew exactly what was going to happen. She knew they weren't going to a romantic restaurant at 11.30 on a wednesday morning. She knew the only thing this day might have in common with brief encounter was the brevity of it, but she went anyway. This was Danny Baxter. Footballing superstar and famed lover, (if you believed the tabloids). Danny Baxter. You didn't just walk away from a "Bax" invitation!

He arrived a little late, opened the door, let her get in without a word. She leaned back in the soft leather, relaxing as he pulled back onto the road. Carrie glanced across at him nervously, half expecting something surreal - a giant rabbit or her aunt Georgia - something to reveal this was just a dream. But it wasn't. Danny was sitting there, smiling, his eyes moving up over her legs, up over the short skirt she'd puposefully worn. He let his eyes travel over her bust for a while, just occasionally glancing at the road. Carrie pushed her tits out for him a little, enjoying and struggling to believe she was the centre of his world. It wasn't that she lacked confidence, she knew she was a fit bird, as the blokes said. She knew loads of guys wanted to shag her. But Danny Baxter? 

She grinned helplessly as his eyes finally moved level with her own.

"Where are we going, Danny?" she asked, adding his name hesitantly.

"You'll see babe, you'll see."

She glanced out of the window at all the familiar streets wizzing by. Old women shopping. Mothers pushing prams. Teenagers on the corner, smoking fags. All the things she could forget about, if only for a day.

The guy at the hotel desk hardly noticed her, payed her no attention.

"Your usual room Mr. Baxter?"

Danny took the key, and ushered her towards the lifts, his hand placed onto the small of her back. She leaned into him, excitement growing. The doors had hardly closed before his hand had slid down over her ass.

Carrie groaned with delight as his tongue flicked over her neck, his hand kneedling her bottom aggressively. The doors opened and he led her authoritatively by the hand, unlocking the door quickly, dragging her inside, slamming the door shut behind.

Pinned against the door in an instant, he returned to her neck, sucking noisily. His hand travelled up her body, squeezing her pert, fleshy breasts. Her nipples grew hard but her hands felt limp. She wanted this, but she wanted it to last. Danny, experienced with this, moved back a little, smiled at her.

"Champagne, darling?"

She nodded. She let him lead her to the bed. He picked up the phone, his eyes on her constantly. She sat down, watched him dial, order champagne. His dirty smile was irresistable, she smiled back helplessly. He came around the bed, lay down behind her.

"Won't be long. Get comfortable babe. Nice room, innit?"

She nodded her agreement, two words tumbling through her mind like a washing machine made speech difficult. Danny Baxter, Danny Baxter...

"See, at the end of the day, if you got money you gotta spend it, ain't you?" he philosophized.

"At the end of the day, yeah." she replied, letting her tongue roll over the words, his favourite phrase. He said it all the time, in every match report, in every magazine interview, each time it's meaninglessness seeming to go unnoticed.

He pulled her gently by the arm, she laid down next to him, facing him. His fingers ran down over her chest, over his name written above her breast. His fingers trailed down, tickling her sensitive skin between her tits.

"You got a boyfriend then?" he asked, smirking.

"Well, erm..."

"It's ok if you have," he said brightly, "I like that."

His fingers trailed in a circle, crawling under her bra, inches from her nipple. She sighed, and slowly he rolled over, half covering her, his tongue searching out her mouth. She let it slither inside, felt the wetness of his mouth against her own, the heaviness of his body on hers. His hand ran down over her thighs, coming back up under her skirt, squeezing her pure, slender thigh. She pulled at his t-shirt, helping him drag it over his shoulders, he did the same with her top.

His chest was firm and toned, smooth and tanned. Her pussy began to twitch uncontrollably at the sight of it. He pulled her up, kissing her, unlocking her bra with his right hand, his left hand rubbing against her thong, long, slow hard strokes. The bra fell away, and Carrie edged forward, presenting her gorgeous breasts to him, eager for him to take them. He licked and sucked at her nipple greedily, sucking her breast into his mouth, listening to her moans with pleasure.

The knock at the door startled her. He moved back without a word, just that terrible, amazing, charismatic grin. Carrie just had time to cover her breasts with her arm as he opened the door.

"Put it on the table"

The bellboy walked into the room warily, the champagne in one hand, two glasses in the other. He glanced furtively at Carrie as he placed them down on the table next to her. She smiled at him weakly, looking over at Danny. She could see the enjoyment on his face, pleasure taken from the bellboy's - and her - embarrassment. Had she been older than her twenty years she might have left then, but she couldn't resist that smile. She'd suspected he was naughty, she now knew he was cruel, and she liked him all the more for it. If she'd been tempted to feel angry, the simple delight on his face smoothed it all away.

The bellboy left, and Danny ducked the thrown pillow, laughing at his fresh-faced young babe. He opened the champagne slowly, casually. Why rush when he knew he'd have her? He enjoyed these moments best of all. Looking down at them lying there, half undressed, waiting for him. He thought about other people, the ones who shouted his name on the terraces. At the end of the day, insult or praise, they'd all be in their offices now, sitting at their desks, or worse still standing in their factories. Bored. Irritated. Whatever. Maybe this one's boyfriend would be there right now. He poured the champagne and handed her a glass, marvelling once again over how easy it was. He could never get bored of this, despite what a few of the lads had told him.

Carrie rolled over onto her stomach, champagne in hand, as Danny straddled her.

"Lets see what's under this little skirt shall we?" he asked, teasing her.

Carrie felt his hands at her side, tugging at her skirt. She wiggled her bottom for him, raised it off the bed a little, helping him take it off. She giggled, looking back over her shoulder as she heard his low groan. He was staring down at her perfectly defined bottom, nothing but a thong hiding it from her hero. Danny ran his fingers over it, grinning, blisfully happy.

Pushing her long blonde hair back over her ear, Carrie knocked back champagne happily. Danny was leaning down, kissing her cheeks, rubbing his face into her ass, his exaggerated moans sending her giggling once more. He ran his fingers over her thong, up and down from her ass to her pussy and back again. Carrie put down her glass, rested her head on the pillow, listened to the outlandish compliments her lover paid her.

"You're fucking amazing, such a fucking peach of an ass. You got me so fucking rock hard babe."

Danny smiled between noisy kisses. Other blokes had to go to restaurants, buy presents, he thought. At the very least they had to spend hours eating pussy if they wanted some of the good stuff. He knew for him, this was all it took. All he needed to do to make them feel special, to make them grateful. Danny Baxter is kissing my ass, they thought, and once they did, they'd do anything to repay the favor.

Pulling her thong down sharply, he took his first look at her juicy little cunt. Nice and tight he thought to himself, admiring the puffy little lips, it's dampness already glistening.

She knew the moment she felt his kisses climbing up her back what he expected of her. She knew when he lay back on the bed loosening his trousers, when he retrieved the champagne bottle and took a slug. She rolled over to him, let his arm wrap around her, kissed him on the lips and with a smile began to slowly descend his body.

Danny watched her move down him. This, he thought, is THE fucking life, as long blonde hair trailed slowly over his chest, his stomach. She tore off his remaining clothes quickly and knelt between his legs.

"Can I suck your cock Danny?" she asked, as much for her own pleasure as for his. Her lover groaned, shifted his body a little and closed his eyes tightly. When he opened them, her face was only half visible, knestled behind his balls.

She went there first, pushed her face deep into his heavy sacks, nuzzled them, tickled them with her tongue, lapped at them gratefully. Carrie made all the noises he wanted to hear, but not for that reason. She made them because she felt them, deeply, passionately. She sucked in his ball with delight, she took hold of his shaft with relish. She knew people might label her a slut if they saw her now, but she didn't care. The truth was she'd never given in to other bloke's cheap lines. She'd never done anything she didn't want to do before. So what if people considered her a slag. She was, but for this moment only. In this room alone. 

She rose a little, began to kiss and lick the base of his cock, her fingers caring for his balls in the absence of her tongue. She held his meat in her hand as best she could, hugged it to her cheek, let his precum spread over her cheeks and lips like honey. She sat up on her knees, back straight, jerking off her lover, loving the sight of his throbbing dick. She waited to catch his eyes, and when she did, she led them to her other hand slowly travelling down her stomach. 

Danny watched her body rise a little, and raised his head from the pillow. He watched her hand creep down, slither between her legs. Her mouth opened and a soft moan emitted at the same moment. She glared at him almost accusingly, holding his cock in one hand, fucking herself with the other.

Carrie knew he wanted to fuck her right then, but she teased him, leaned forward once more. His head hit the pillow again as her hot breathe covered his meat. Her tongue played with him, wrapping itself around his head and releasing, like a cats cruel game with a mouse, attack and release, attack and release.

She licked the tip of his cock tentatively, like she was trying a new kind of ice-cream. Danny watched her face closely. The moment she tasted him, the split second she pondered the taste, and the hint of a smile as she realized she liked it seemed to spread out over time. He closed his eyes and played the three faces over in his mind as Carrie began to suck. She teased his foreskin down his shaft with her lips. She trailed her teeth across his head gently, carefully. She pulled back momentarily letting him appreciate the cold air of the room, the next moment she pounced, a single slow movement devouring him whole.

Danny let his gaze wander across her body, the long legs bent under her body, the curve of her back, the smoothness of her arms. He felt the heat of her mouth desperately covering his length, smelt the sweetness of her pussy as her fingers, those which had been inside herself, travelled up his chest and over his chin. 

Carrie made love to his cock with her mouth, breathless and impatient, longing to have his juices inside her. She ran her fingers over his body in delight, so firm, so perfect, so wonderful it would be to be fucked by this man. When forced to breathe, she let out his meat for no more than a few seconds, breathing heavily, rolling his cock in her fist, staring with maddened eyes at her lover. 

Her long, elegant roles across his cock were too much. He tried to sit up, he tried vainly to pull her off, but he was too close and she was too strong. Something had changed in her, she knew this was her chance. Like a dog with a bone she refused to let go, sucking him furiously, her moans almost eclipsing his. Danny looked deep into her eyes, felt the heaviness of her breast on his thigh, the heat that consumed his prick, let his seed rise up from his balls.

Carrie closed her eyes, feeling the warmth of his juice splatter across her face. She held her mouth open wide, and caught some on her tongue, a new taste for her tastebuds to judge. She leaned back with pride, one finger on her finely coated chin, her tits soaked in sweat, nipples shiny and hard.

They lay there for a moment, panting, grinning, waiting for the other to make a move.

"I'm going to take a bath, and I think you should join me." She said playfully, swinging her body off the bed. 

Danny lay dumbstruck on the bed, motionless save for the rise and fall of his glimmering sweat-stained chest. His cock lay between his tree-like thighs, shrunken and satisfied, at odds with himself. Carrie turned at the bathroom door, and he groaned at the sight of her wet, still unfucked pussy.

"Oh my God, there's a jacuzzi!" she said, losing herself for a moment. She disappeared around the door, her head re-appearing in a flash.

"You know," she began slowly, a grin like Danny's on her face, "I didn't expect to still be a virgin this late in the day!"