 Just as relief from trying to get service from Virgin...

Many years ago I was a young man at university. The early parts of this actually happened. Later parts are just the product of my fevered imagination...

----------------------------------

It was the month before the year end exams. As is typical in the UK, (even now, with global warming), the weather was sunny and hot.

We were lying out on the back lawn, at least pretending to revise.

There were a number of lasses, plus me.

They could easily spread the sun lotion on their fronts, but putting it on their backs was a problem.

"Hey" said Cindy, " can you do my back for me?"

"Sure," I replied.

She lay on her tummy.

I got up and wondered over. She passed me the bottle and laid out.

Sun lotion is, straight from the bottle, a cold shock to the system, so instead of squirting it straight onto her, I squirted it onto my hands.

I started with her shoulders, rubbing in the lotion. Every so often, as it came dry, I squirted more into my palms.

As I worked down to her bikini string, I wondered what to do. Those strings move, so if I was going to do the job properly, I needed to apply the lotion under it. The easiest way was to pull loose the knot and do her whole back, so I did. Cindy didn't complain.

First, I worked down her back to her bikini bottom.

Of course, that left her sides unprotected, so I worked back up, making sure that the lotion was applied to her sides.

I got to the sides of her boobs.

Again, I needed to add more lotion.

Maybe I squirted more than necessary.

Whatever, as I massaged the lotion into the sides of her boobs, Cindy lifted herself up an inch or two. That allowed me to reach not just her sides, but her front.

Of course, I made use of that - not just massaging the lotion into the sides of her boobs, but reaching under her to massage her tits and nipples, which became stiff.

We were in public - remember the other girls - so I couldn't do that for as long as I'd have liked.

After that, I moved on to her legs.

I started at her feet, rubbing the lotion into her soles and ankles. With another squirt, I moved up to her calves. The next squirt allowed me to move higher. To give me access, Cindy spread her legs slightly apart.

A little later, I reached her bikini bottom.

I started at the sides, massaging the lotion under the string ties. Then I moved up and rubbed it under the cloth covering her tush. After that, I moved between her legs. Looking back, I shouldn't have been surprised that I found a moist quin, but that was what I found. I reached under and found her clit and massaged that too, then slid a finger inside her slippery cunt.

At that point, I'd done all I could to apply suntan lotion.

Cindy turned her head and whispered that she was going indoors and that I should follow discretely.

She did and I did.

When I did, I found Cindy standing in the hall.

"You've got me so turned on. You can't leave me so frustrated. Come with me!"

She lead the way to her bedroom, then pulled off her bikini bottom and laid on the bed with her legs apart.

First, I lay between her legs and licked her till she came.

Of course, in those days, she was on the pill, so when she begged me to fuck her, I had no reason not to. I quickly pulled down my shorts and underpants. She was wet and slick. I slid into her so easily and we pumped away until we both came again.

We wiped ourselves on facecloths, pulled our bathing costumes back on and went back out into the sun to carry on revising.

Then Judy called over, "Can you rub sun lotion into my back?"