 One morning I was walking into the office, through a residential area, when suddenly I heard the sound of claws on metal. I looked up and saw a large black dog running down the stairs of a small two story apartment building. When it reached the ground it started running towards me. Dogs don't usually bother me, but this one was very large, and didn't seem too friendly. It stopped in front of me and started barking and growling. Not wanting to show any fear, I tried to keep walking. The dog didn't try to bite or anything like that but it sure didn't seem to want me there. As I passed the building someone came out on a second floor balcony and started yelling at the dog to stop. After a couple more moments, and a feigned move for my foot, the dog backed off and headed back to the apartment, apparently satisfied that it had driven me away. 

I still wasn't too far from the building, and when a woman's voice called out in apology I turned and looked back. I was not quite prepared for what I saw next. There, on a second floor balcony, maybe 20 feet from where I stood, was very beautiful woman with long brown hair and a great figure, wearing only a short, see though teddy. Since she was on the second floor, it was obvious to me that she wasn't wearing any panties. That only became more obvious when she turned around and reached down to grab hold of the dog's collar, and I was treated to a great view of her bare ass. 

Maybe, I thought, I would stay and talk a little more. I wasn't in a huge hurry to get to work, and another view of her would be a great way to start the day. 

She turned back to me to start explaining why her dog had gotten away, but I wasn't really listening. A gust of wind picked up the hem of her teddy and treated me to a nice view of her neatly trimmed pussy. She had to know how exposed she was, since the wind was blowing right between her legs. But she didn't seem to mind. 

She called down to me, "Are you okay?" 

My voice still a little shaky from the scare her dog had given me, I replied, "Yea, fine." 

I think she could tell I was still a bit shaken up, and she seemed to genuinely feel bad, so she said, "Gosh, I'm really sorry about my dog. He never does that sort of thing. He's usually very friendly." 

'Sure, that's what that all say,' I thought to myself. 

"Would you like to come up for a coffee, just to help you calm down," she continued. 

Beautiful, nearly naked woman invites me to her apartment for coffee. Gee, let me think about this. Really difficult decision. "Sure, that would be nice," I replied, trying not to sound too enthusiastic. After all, maybe nothing would happen. Maybe she would go in and put on some big bath robe and cover that gorgeous body of hers. Maybe my imagination was just running in overdrive. But hey, where would we be without dreams. 

So I turned back to the apartment and headed up her stairs, trying not to bound up two at a time in excitement. 

When I reached the top she was still bent down, holding the dogs collar. Her teddy fell away from her chest, giving me a fantastic view of her tits. I liked what I saw. 

I just stood there in her living room while she followed me into the apartment. She was still bent over, leading the dog to a bedroom or something in the back. 'Nice legs,' I thought to myself as she passed by. She was gone for a moment, and I hoped she wasn't covering herself up. When she came back out still only wearing the teddy I think my heart skipped a beat, and my cock started to harden. 'Hmm,' I thought, 'should I just call work now and tell them I will be late?' 

She went into the kitchen which was behind the living room. Feeling a little uncomfortable standing alone in the living room, I followed her into the kitchen. I was treated with another great view of her bare ass as she reached up to get down a couple of coffee mugs. 'Was she trying to be an exhibitionist,' I wondered, 'or does this sort of thing just come naturally to her.' 

Finally the coffees were ready, and as she passed me mine she said, "My name's Jade, by the way." 

"I'm Greg," I replied, and she led me back to the living room. 

Jade sat in a large easy chair, and I sat opposite her on the couch. She tucked her legs up under her, pulling the teddy almost completely up her thighs, and allowing me a view of her pussy. 

"I really sorry again about my dog. He's never done that sort of thing before. I live here alone and he's pretty protective of me, but never like that," Jade said. 

"Maybe he smelled my lunch in my brief case," I said, trying to lighten the mood. 

She laughed, then asked, "So where do you work?" 

"With a high tech company a few blocks from her. I like to park around here so I can get some exercise, and to save a few bucks on parking," I told her. 

I am a computer technician, you know, the type that runs around everybody's office, making sure the systems all keep running. When Jade found this out she asked if maybe I could help her out with a problem she was having with her computer. I hate questions like that. As soon as someone finds out you know something about computers, they start telling you about all their problems. I think I know how doctors must feel. 

I agreed to help her, so we stood and walked over to her computer desk, which was in the corner of her living room by a big picture window overlooking the street. God her ass was sexy when she walked. 

As she sat in the chair and booted up her computer I wondered, 'Is this just going to be a house call for Dr. Greg, or am I going to get to touch that body of hers. Doesn't she know she's driving me crazy wearing that thing!'. I stood behind her, and as she leaned over the keyboard I was treated to another nice view of her tits. 'Niiice nipples,' I noted. 

Once Jade explained the problem to me, we switched positions, and I sat in front of the computer. I was pleased that I wasn't some silly problem. She really seemed to know her way around a computer, and fixing it was a bit of a challenge. 

After about 10 minutes of tinkering, I seemed to have the problem fixed. As I sat there and waited for her computer to reboot, Jade placed her hands on my shoulders and started to gently massage them. Hours on the computer each day really gets to the shoulders, and her massage felt great. I moaned a little and complimented her on the excellent massage. 

"Thanks," she said, "I work at a restaurant and write a little on the side, but its always been my dream to be a massage therapist. I could never afford the schooling." 

"You should try it someday, you'd be great at it," I replied, sincerely. Then I added, "If you ever need someone to practice with, I'd be happy to help." What a thankless job that would be, guinea pig for a beautiful woman studying massage therapy. 

She didn't say anything, she just continued massaging my shoulders while I did some final checks on her computer. I was about to say that it was all fixed when she started to loosen my tie and undo my shirt. 

"A massage always feels better on bare skin," Jade said quietly. 

She then led me from the chair to the middle of the living room. She told me to take my shirt off and loosen my belt while she closed the blinds and put on some soft, new age kind of music. She then laid a blanket on the floor, and asked me to lie on my belly on the blanket. She then disappeared from the room for a couple of minutes, returning with a couple of small bottles, presumably of massage oil. 

Jade then sat, straddling me, just below my butt, and started to massage my back. For the next half an hour I was in heaven. This woman really knew how to give a massage. It felt incredible, and before too long all of the aches and pains in my back melted away. It felt so good that I forgot how gorgeous and how almost naked she was. 

When she was finished she leaned down and whispered in my ear, "How was the massage, Greg?" 

As she leaned down and said this I realized that I couldn't feel her teddy on my back as she leaned over. I turned my head to try to get a glance at her, but before I could get a glimpse of her she answered the question in my mind by slowly dragging her nipples across my back. Sometime during the massage she had taken her teddy off, and now she was completely naked as she sat on my back. 

My cock had gone limp during the massage, but realizing that she was naked, it started to harden again. 

Jade continued to sit on top of me, and she pressed her tits into by back while beginning to nibble on my ear, and blowing gently into it. God I love it when women do that to me! 

After a couple of minutes of this, she got off me, and, while continuing to nibble on my ear, started to work my pants down my legs. I lifted my hips to help her, while saying, not quite loud enough for her to hear, "Yessss." 

Once Jade had my pants and boxers off, she whispered in my ear, "Roll over Greg, it's time to have a look at the rest of you." 

I eagerly agreed, since I wanted to have a good look at her too. She moved back, and as I rolled over on the blanket my cock sprung out, firm and hard and ready for action. She seemed please with the effect that she had had on it. 

"Time to service your hardware," she said, then sat straight down on my cock on one fluid motion. 

'God, doesn't this woman believe in foreplay,' I wondered. But maybe she didn't need it, since she was already so wet that I slid into her easily. 

She then leaned down and gave me a long sensuous kiss while she ground her pussy into my cock, then whispered in my ear, "This was just to give you a taste of things to come." 

With that, she rolled off and lay beside me. What a beautiful sight she was. The sun shining in through the thin curtains on her window made her skin glow. She had a near perfect figure, with beautiful firm tits, probably about 38D, large, hard nipples that stuck out at least half an inch, a nicely trimmed bush of brown hair, and gorgeous legs. All that and a great tan with no tan lines. 

As she reached over and started to stroke my cock I thought, 'My God, I've died and gone to heaven!' She then snuggled in closer and we resumed kissing. I began running my hand up and down her body, gently caressing her while I decided which erogenous zone to focus on first. Tits seemed like the obvious place, so I rolled her over onto her back and began to caress one of her tits while I gently took her other nipple into my mouth. She reached under me to continue stroking my cock. After a minute or two I kissed my way across to her other tit, and began to slide my free hand lower, slowly, tantalizingly approaching her love box. 

She was moaning softly, enjoying the sensations and eagerly anticipating what was to come. While continuing to gently kiss and suck her nipple I moved my hand down between her legs, caressing the insides of her thighs and gliding it gently across her pubes, just barely touching her. After a couple of minutes of this she took hold of my hand and held it to her pussy, saying "I want to feel your touch." 

With that, I inserted a finger into her pussy, and when it was wet with her juices, I withdrew it and gently spread her lips apart, using her own juices as lubricant. I then found her clit and started to rub my finger-tips over it, making it swell and come to life. I worked over her clit slowly, and gently, beginning her long build to orgasm. 

In the meantime, Jade reached down between my legs and began to caress my cock and balls, ensuring that I was hard and ready. 

After a couple of minutes, Jade started to pull my lower body towards her. I took that as a hint, and slid on top of her in a 69 position. Immediately, I felt the warmth of her mouth on my cock. She started working her tongue around the head of my cock, and then down to my balls, and back. At the same time, she was using one hand to continue stroking my cock, while the other caressed my ass. 

This lady really knew how to give head. It felt incredible. After she had my entire groin area covered in saliva she slowly, sensuously, sucked my cock into her mouth, right to the base. Inside her mouth, her tongue moved gently back and forth along my shaft. She then established a slow, steady rhythm, working my cock in and out of her mouth, teasing her tongue around the tip of my cock each time she withdrew. Exquisite! 

So exquisite that I have having trouble concentrating on what I was doing. I love eating pussy! It's almost more fun than intercourse. Almost! I just love being able to make a woman cum, feeling her squirm over my face as her orgasm approaches. I could do it every day, especially with a fox like Jade. 

I slowly explored her pussy with my mouth, running my tongue over her clit, all along the folds of her pussy, and as deep as I could into her cunt itself. 

"Oh yea," she moaned, "God that's good. Keep going. Don't stop!!" 

'Why would I,' I thought to myself, as I plunged my tongue deep into her cunt. 

She was still slowly working my cock in and out of her mouth, but I wanted the feeling to last a little longer. So I suggested she slow down a bit. I made that pretty hard to do though, because as soon as I said that I began to focus my tongue on her clit, while I brought my hands into the action too. With one hand I started to work three fingers in and out of her pussy, while with the other, I used her copious juices to lubricate her asshole so that I could gently work a finger into her ass as well. 

With my two hands going at her, and my tongue beating a steady rhythm on her clit, Jade was now fast approaching orgasm. She started breathing harder, and moaning loudly, urgently. She needed to cum. She took my cock from her mouth and pushed at my lower body. I took the hint and shifted off her. I then look up to see that she had started playing with her nipples, and she started trying to sit up so that she could take her nipples into her own mouth, adding to her own pleasure. Man, do I ever love watching a woman such on her own nipples. What a turn on! 

Jade was frantic now, desperate for her orgasm. I knew it too, but I kept up a steady pace, trying to delay her orgasm as long as possible. 

When finally my jaw was aching I started my final attack, driving at her clit with my tongue, while using my hand inside her cunt to rub back and forth across her g-spot. In the meantime, I had a finger completely buried in her ass. 

"Oh fuck that's good. YES, YEEESSSS," she shrieked. 

After that yell, the neighbors certainly knew she wasn't spending another lonely morning in her apartment! But I didn't care, in fact I love it when a woman screams like that as she orgasms. I think it enhances the feelings. 

"Yes," I said in reply, "scream it out. Let the whole world know what an orgasm you're having!! Make them all jealous!" 

"OH, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, DON'T STOP. YEESSSS, THAT'S SOOO GOOOD. OH, I'M CUUUMMMING, YEEESSS, YYYEEEESSSSSS" 

And cum she did. She was bucking so hard I had to hold on to keep my tongue on her clit to the end. Her juices were everywhere. 

Finally, spent for the moment and breathless, she pushed me off of her. She lay there for a moment, catching her breath, while I sat, leaning against the couch. 

Then, she sat up, and with a twinkle in her eye, said, "Your turn!". With that, she practically dove at my cock, and swallowed it instantly. She worked my cock in and out of her mouth, and before I knew it I was on the verge of cuming. This time, she wasn't into slow and gentle, just fast and hard. In moment I could feel the pressure building in my groin, and I knew I was seconds away from exploding. I thought to warn her, but concluded that she was the type who didn't need a warning. 

She didn't. My cum erupted deep in her mouth. She kept fucking my cock with her mouth as I came, then slowly let my cock out of her mouth. She then lay her head on my leg and kissed softly at my cock. 

After a couple of minutes our breathing had gone back to normal, and she said to me, "I need a shower, care to join me?" 

There's an offer I never refuse. Two naked bodies. Water. Soap suds. Heaven!! 

So we stood and she lead me by the hand to the bathroom. It wasn't a very big apartment, but no expense had been spared on the bathroom. The shower stall was big enough to hold both of us comfortably, and there were four separate shower heads, as well as a bank of 8 massaging shower heads on the back wall. WOW!! 

She fired up all the shower heads, and we stepped into the cascading water. 'Expensive, but worth it,' was all I though, making a mental note to install something like this in my house some day. 

"I love this shower," she said, "after a hard day at work, there's nothing like it. And when I feel the need, it's a sure fire place to masturbate. Huge orgasms every time." With that, she turned and faced the bank of massaging shower heads on the back wall, letting the jets of water pulsate all over her upper body, from just above her tits, to her pussy. She then took one of the hand held shower heads, turned the dial to set it to a fine massage, and aimed it straight at her clit. With her free hand she started rubbing her clit under the stream of water from the shower head. 

The sight of this naked, wet woman, getting herself off, had me hard again in no time. Her beautiful, round, tanned ass, glistening with water, as an obvious invitation. So I moved close behind her and thrust my cock between her legs. 

"Oh shit, yes," she said, "that's it." She then grabbed my cock and stuffed it into her cunt. I thrust into her as far as I could, held my cock deep inside her for a moment, and then began to slowly fuck her from behind. Each time my cock withdrew, I could feel the water from the shower head on my shaft and balls, adding to the sensations. 

"Oh fuck that feels goooood," I shrieked. I had never experienced anything like that before, and I was amazing. I highly recommend it. 

The sensations were so overpowering that I knew I wouldn't last more than a few seconds, and I really didn't want this to end that fast, so I withdrew my cock from her pussy. I knelt down, positioned my head between her thighs, and started to tongue fuck her, while she continued to spray the shower head across her clit. With a free hand I reach up and started to caress her tits, working her nipples between my fingers as the water sprayed on them. 

With all this attention on her erogenous zones, she reached climax in no time. She started to shake, and squeeze my head between her thighs, and then, as I plunged my tongue deep into her pussy one last time and she sprayed the shower massage on her clit from point blank range, she started to scream, "Ohhhh, yeaaaa, don't stop. Ohhhhh, I'm cuuuummmmming. Fuck, doooon't stop. Yesss, yessssss." 

I sure hoped the neighbors didn't have any kids around. After all that screaming, they'd really be asking questions. 

As Jade's orgasm subsided, she released my head from the thighs, and she dropped the shower head. I stood, and turned around, with my back to the bank of jets on the wall of the shower. I then moved her around in front of me, back on, and gently pressed down on her shoulders. She dropped down on all fours, I knelt behind her, and in one mighty thrust drove my cock deep inside her pussy. 

I started to fuck her in a steady rhythm, while reaching down around her to play with her tits. Without that shower head spraying on my cock, I knew that I might now be able to fuck her for more than 30 seconds without exploding. Each time I thrust into her, Jade thrust backwards to meet me, and I could feel my cock head against her cervix. She would then clench her cunt muscles around my cock as I slowly withdrew. 

Shit was she ever a good fuck!! Even without the shower head, I was soon closed to coming. I picked up the pace, fucking her ever more urgently. Just as I was about to cum, I felt her start to shake again, and her cunt clenched even tighter around my cock. 
