 I rounded the corner from the food prep area to the cafeteria and noticed my lunch time viewing pleasure was seated closer to the corner than I expected. When I saw her my hip clipped the empty table I was trying to navigate around and my tray of food nearly went flying. I swear I heard a snicker from the direction I had been looking, but I was too busy trying to keep my food in place to verify.

Normally my mystery woman had her hair in a ponytail and wore very boring and utilitarian business skirts and blouses. But today her auburn hair was loose and looked to be recently styled. She was also wearing a dress that looked more like evening attire than business friendly. It hugged her curves a bit closer and showed off more leg and more cleavage than most would deem appropriate. She had gone from attractive to stunning and her green eyes, the sole reason I had first taken notice of her months ago, seemed to be positively glowing. I snuck one last look at her and retreated to my usual eating spot which was out of sight of her and most of the rest of the cafeteria. I had a habit of taking up residence in a tucked away corner that only had three tables and which most employees...

"I didn't even know this area existed," I heard a female voice interrupt my thoughts from behind. I recognized the voice immediately and half choked on my food. I wiped my mouth and fumbled for my drink as she walked around in front of me while continuing to talk. "So that stumble was because of me," she said. "You pass me every day and look me briefly in the eyes."

"Uh... I'm... that is... nice eyes," I eventually sputtered.

She smiled at me pleasantly. "While you recover your wits, is it ok if I join you," she asked.

All I could manage was to gesture with my hand. She pulled the chair away from the table so she was sitting at the corner instead of behind the table. As she sat her dress rode up tantalizingly high and my eyes drifted before I could stop myself.

"Ahem," she mumbled and I immediately blushed and looked back at her face.

"Ah... sorry... I'm..."

"Having trouble forming complete sentences? Yes, I noticed that." She laughed and was still smiling, so I don't think she was offended, but I was incredibly nervous. "As I said, you look at me every day, and you always look at me and smile, so today I decided to dress up a bit and see what kind of reaction I might get."

"Um... is this... are you from HR?"

Again, she laughed and smiled widely at me. "Please relax, I'm not here to get you in trouble," she said as she leaned toward me. Her dress fell forward a little and again my eyes drifted from her face. "Unless of your course you *want* to get in trouble," she smirked and my eyes again shot back up. She was still smiling playfully and I could feel myself blushing again. "Oh my, you are absolutely adorable," she teased.

"Um... ok... but... also married," I finally replied while raising my left hand slightly off the table.

She raised her own left hand to show me her wedding rings as well. "I guess you never looked far enough to notice that," she said.

"Yeah sorry, kept getting caught in the eyes. Enthralling... that's the word I would use."

"A nice word, I'll take it. So all this time it was just the eyes then?"

"And the smile, when I get to see it. Let's see... radiant? Disarming maybe? No, let's stick with the theme and call it enchanting."

"You are fun, once you get talking," she said with a wink. "So, never wanted to see anything else?" As she said this, her hand moved to the neck of her dress and she traced it all the way down to the top of her cleavage. I finally fought the urge to look and kept my eyes on her face this time. "Oh," she said at last, "going to be stubborn now are you?" She grabbed the shoulders of her dress and pulled it forward so that the neck line plunged a few more inches. "We'll see how long that lasts." I turned and took a bite of my food and ran my fork idly around the plate.

"You want to look. I want you to look. What's the problem," she asked with a pout?

"Married, remember. This seems dangerous."

"Not for me, we have what you might call an open marriage. I'm guessing you've never been around an aggressive woman before, have you?"

"No," I said finally looking back in her face. 

"Well there's no harm in looking and we're alone here. Go ahead," she encouraged, again tracing the neckline of her dress. This time I obliged her and when she saw I was looking she arched her back and leaned forward a little just to amplify what was on display. I didn't look long, and I soon moved my eyes back to hers. "And still with the eyes," she said. "Is the rest of me not as nice?"

"What can I say, the eyes and smile drew me in, and now that hair just complements them perfectly."

"Oh, I am really glad you like the hair," she said running a hand through it and flipping it over her shoulder teasingly. She then reached out and laid a hand over top one of mine. "I'm so looking forward to knowing what it feels like to have your hand tangled in it and pulling on it... pulling on it *very* firmly." I jumped and pulled my hand away, but by then it was too late and I felt my desire react as the image she'd conjured planted itself in my mind. "You'll have to tell me later what position I was in in the image that just came up in your head. But I was hoping the rest of me would have an effect on you as well," she said sadly.

The stirrings of my arousal had an immediate effect on me and I decided it was time to start taking a more active role in whatever was going on here.

"The eyes are more expressive. They say a lot more than your tits or ass are ever going to tell me."

"Oh sweetie, that's only because you haven't had my tits or ass yet," she said with an evil little smile. She followed that comment up with moving her hands to the bottom of her dress and moving a finger from each hand along the hem, raising it several inches as she did so. My gaze followed her the entire time and when she finished I shifted uncomfortably in my seat realizing I was now fully aroused.

"There we go, that's the reaction I was hoping to get," she said happily. "Can your schedule allow a long lunch next Friday?"

"Yes," I whispered hoarsely.

"Good, I'm taking you for lunch then," she laughed. "I'll see you at the east entrance at 11:30," she said as she stood and readjusted her dress. "My name is Mary, by the way. You are Eric I believe?"

"Correct," I replied.

Before leaving, she bent over and kissed me on the lips, just a little more than softly, just a little longer than a peck, just enough to tantalize me with wanting more. It was only after she disappeared around the corner that her choice of words dawned on me.

The intervening days passed quickly and my lunch trips to the cafeteria were far more enjoyable. Mary smiled at me every day that I looked and on two occasions she even winked. I don't know what I expected to happen on Friday, but I never believed she would follow through on her hinted at motives. But at the appointed time I was waiting at the requested entrance and found Mary there waiting on me.

"Ah good," she said with a smile, "I was worried you might not show."

"I considered it," I admitted honestly.

"Well, let's go," she said and l followed her to her car. It was about a 15-minute drive to a rather generic grill restaurant with an adjoining bar. A hostess gave us a seat, which Mary promptly replaced by requesting something in the darkened corner at the back. The booth was rounded and after I sat, Mary made me move toward the middle so that we were sitting very close.

"I didn't bring you here for a work lunch," she said primly. "Now, don't you move, I will be back in a few minutes after I freshen up. When the waitress comes around I will have water to drink and the Asian salad." Mary disappeared back around the corner. As instructed, I ordered for both of us when the waitress returned. 

A couple of minutes later, Mary returned wearing a completely different outfit. Gone was the stodgy business suit and in its place was a metallic green cocktail dress. It was very short with somewhat wide straps at the shoulder that led to a very low V-neck cut. Even the area beneath her arms was bare and I wondered what the back of the dress looked like. Her pony tail had been undone and her hair was free and falling in waves past her shoulders. She had matching green heels and a new, smaller purse that was close to the auburn color of her hair. She was stunning and I know my mouth gaped open as I saw her. But even then, after a quick appraising look, I came back to looking in those wonderful green eyes. She smiled mischievously at me and took her seat at my side again.

Shortly after, the waitress returned with our food. We ate in silence, though I found myself looking at Mary repeatedly. When she noticed, she immediately began trying to draw my eyes with her hands to various parts of her body.

"I must say, the food may be average at best here, but the entertainment is pretty good," I said after the third time she toyed with my gaze.

"Ah, not so fast," she said, "there's more than just a show on offer."

"Oh really," I said as I pushed aside my mostly empty plate.

"Uh huh, this show is not only 3D, it's fully interactive," she said as she took my hand that was closest to her and placed it on her knee. I stared into her eyes as I let my hand trace a line up to the hem of her dress. She didn't flinch the entire time, until I reached dress material and I removed my hand, and then she pouted at me.

"You aren't very adventurous at this sort of thing, are you," Mary chided me. She too my hand again and put it at her waist. Again, I did what I thought was expected and move my hand upward along her side, stopping short when I bumped into the underside of her arm, removing my hand again. She looked disappointed again.

"That dress must not have much of a back," I said looking down at her waist.

"None at all actually," she said as she turned away from me a little and leaned forward so I could see her. When I didn't immediately move my hand toward her she pouted again. "You're just playing along aren't you. Instead of leading you, I want you to touch me where *you* want."

"Anywhere," I asked playfully.

"Anywhere," she whispered surely as she turned back away from me, leaving her back exposed.

I took my far hand and turned her face back toward me, again looking her straight in the eyes. When her hair fell across the right side of her face, I took my other hand and brushed it behind her so I could still see both of her eyes. I then left my hand drift down her neck and on to her back, as I started to move lower, she arched her back and closed her eyes.

"Ah, ah," I said as I immediately stopped my hand. "I'm doing something you want; you have to do something I want. You have to look at me. You have to be here... with me." For the first time I saw uncertainty in her eyes, but she didn't close them or look away. I resumed moving my hand lower until I could run my fingers beneath the drooping back and along the top of her ass. 

"That's a good start," she sighed with a smile. I turned her back around and then put my hand on one of the straps of her dress at the front. I had a thumb on the outside and all four fingers underneath of it. I then ran my hand down to the bottom of the V, feeling the backs of my fingers run over her breast until I could not move lower, and then I rotated my hand so that my fingers ran across the rest of her breast and over her nipple. Her eyes remained on me the entire time and I felt her shiver when I finally finished my little maneuver. "You improve quickly... that was... even better."

"Let's see how much better," I said and put my hand on her leg at the bottom of her dress. I pushed it around down between her legs and began moving it upward beneath her dress, which rode up quickly. She spread her legs immediately and a smile appeared on her face and her eyes danced. When I finally found the top of her pussy, I curled my fingers into my hand, extended my thumb toward her, and pushed my hand toward the seat cushion beneath her. She rotated her hips upward eagerly and I felt my thumb pass beyond the outer lips of her sex to find warm wetness within. I pulled my hand free and held my slick thumb between us.

"Not just touch, but taste too... top notch entertainment," I said with a grin. But I made no move to lick my thumb.

"Go on then," she encouraged.

In response I drug my thumb firmly across her lips and then leaned in and kissed her. She writhed in my arms and I felt and heard her moan.

"Pay the check," she panted when we finally parted, "it's definitely time for dessert." 

I paid the check in mild confusion, because I didn't understand where dessert was going to be. I didn't have to wonder long however, as once we were outside, Mary led me away from her car to the hotel behind the restaurant. She took a key card from her purse and I quickly surmised she had already been here to change earlier. We wound up in a ground level room on the back side of the hotel and she turned on me as soon as we were through the door.

"You with your longing eyes and bashful smile, I've been looking forward to this for months," she said and kissed me hard pressing me against the door. I could still taste her when we kissed and my arousal immediately returned. She paused to rid me of my shirt, then returned to assaulting me orally while I let my hands roam over her back and ass. When she paused again, she took off my belt and pants then got me working on my shoes and socks. When everything was gone, she pushed me back on the bed roughly and the swept her dress over her head in one quick, smooth motion. There was nothing on underneath, but she left her shoes on, seemingly too impatient to bother with them. She tossed a condom from her purse at me and said "one of our rules I'm afraid."

She mounted me quickly and started a series of slow gyrations with her hips. It was all for her benefit though, as I can rarely get off in this position. She rode me for quite a while with a gradually increasing pace, but the entire time her head was thrown back and her eyes were closed. Even when she would occasionally lean forward and put one or both hands on my chest, her head dropped and her face was hidden by her hair. It was then that I started to feel used, and that lead to anger. Not long after that her movements became urgent and she climaxed with a shudder and a small gush of liquid.

"You haven't done this with a married man before, have you," I said when she finally relaxed again.

"No, it has always been single men before," she said.

"Makes it more exciting, does it," I asked with a hint of annoyance.

She missed my tone, but blushed and said, "yes."

"My turn then," I said as I upended her and got her on her back. I took off the condom and dangled it in front of her then tossed it to the floor. I let myself slip between the outer lips of her pussy to gently tease her opening, but stopped there.

"Hey... what are you doing," she said in alarm.

"I've decided that maybe I do want to get in trouble, so I'm breaking the rules," I said angrily. I let just a bit of my cock slip into her and I noticed, that despite her verbal protest, she wasn't physically pulling away from me.

"I can't," she said in alarm as another inch slid into her. "I shouldn't," she uttered with a hint of surrender as I reached the halfway point.

"Then you should probably tell me to stop," I laughed as I slowly went deeper.

"Please, you can't," she whispered as another inch slipped in.

"I can," I said and bottomed out in her and she moaned deeply. She promptly closed her eyes and turned her head to the side. "Ah, ah," I said as I pulled her face back toward me. "No disappearing off to some fantasy land this time. If you want me here, if you want me to cheat on my wife, it's going to have to be for more than just sex." Her eyes widened at that and I pulled almost all the way out and then pushed back in slowly to emphasize my point.

"Uh... what... that... I don't understand," she rambled.

"It's not so impersonal without the condom, is it," I asked accompanying a slow thrust.

"Not supposed to do this," she groaned at me as her eyes slipped closed again.

"If I'm going to cheat, so are you," I whispered, "but I want more than that."

"More? What more? I'm not out to break up your marriage," she said urgently as I buried myself in her again.

"And I don't want to end yours," I said. "Open your eyes Mary." She did so immediately. I leaned over here with my cock fully embedded in her and looked into those marvelous green eyes. "I'm not your husband, but you need to be here... with me," I said and I purposefully twitched my cock within her. For the first time I saw a flash of her inside those eyes. It was brief, but it was there. "Yes, that bit... I want that little bit... you will give me that," I whispered.

"I can't... no emotion is one... oh god... one of the rules," she said as I returned to my slow thrusts in and out of her. 

"Then you better tell me to stop," I said again.

"I... ah... just a little part... right," she rationalized.

"Yes, a tiny corner that you keep for me, and you will have part of me as well." Immediately her eyes re-focused on mine and widened. "I'm sorry, but it's not enough for me to want your body, nor should it be enough for you," I said as I returned her gaze.

"I'm not sure if I can do that."

"Do you want to try?"

She looked at me long and hard over the course of half a dozen slow thrusts into her before she finally answered. "Yes," she said in a barely audible whisper and then she shuddered into a small orgasm with a sigh. Her eyes remained open and on mine for most of it, which made me smile gently at her, but that bit of her had disappeared.

While she was still shaking I lay over her and buried my face in her hair so I could whisper in her ear. "And now, my sweet, you are going to beg."

"What... I'm not... for what," she said raggedly.

"You're going to beg me to cum inside you," I hissed at her as I started slowly thrusting into her yet again.

"No... please... not that... I'm begging you not to."

"Tell me to stop or beg me to do it, there will be no begging for things you don't actually want." I saw tears at the corners of her eyes and had half a second to wonder if I had pushed too far when I felt her meet one of my thrusts for the first time. "See, your body is already begging me, all you need to do is add your voice. Why do you want it," I said echoing the question I could see in her eyes? She thrashed her head back and forth as if the motion would somehow rid her of the desire. "You're going to beg me because you *know* I *want* to do it. I want to do what all of those other men never got to do. To fill you, to mark you. To make you mine, even if just for today," I said boldly.

"Oh fuck," she screeched and crashed into another orgasm. Her cry was so full of lust and want that she very nearly set me off as well.

"Look at me," I said firmly and her eyes opened and she looked at me defiantly. I leaned down and kissed her deeply and passionately. When I pulled back I recaptured her eyes and said, "beg," in a commanding voice as I resumed the slow, steady strokes that fell just short of fucking.

"Please, faster," she cried.

"No."

"Please," she wailed.

"Please what, Mary," I asked. I leaned back so I was sitting on the bed but could still continue my thrusts. "Maybe this will help," I said as I planted my thumb on her clit and pushed down. Her head shot up from the bed so she could look down her body at what I was doing.

"No... oh fuck... no," she said and thrashed violently.

"Tell me to stop!"

"No," she shrieked and convulsed as if she was trying to throw my hand off of her.
