 Maylee Lamb sat at her desk, staring blankly at her laptop screen. She'd been trying all afternoon to fix a final production file that was supposed to go to the printers tomorrow, and she was thoroughly exhausted. She wanted to just say "fuck it, good enough" and go home, but the young artist found her perfectionist streak to be a deadly foe. Now it was late, the sun had set, and the lights on the third floor of the greeting card company Maylee worked for had automatically flipped over to energy-saver mode. 

With everyone else gone and every third florescent lit, the office had a strange, almost creepy vibe. The way the shadows pooled around her plants turned them into unfamiliar shapes in the corners of her eyes, and the sound of her fingers working the keyboard echoed disconcertingly off the hard walls.

The phone on her desk trilled, and the twenty-six-year-old artist nearly jumped out of her skin. She took a few seconds to catch her breath, and push back a lock of honey blonde hair that had escaped her professional bun, before picking up the receiver. 

"He-hello?" she asked, her normally velvet contralto still a bit shaky. 

"Miss Lamb, what're you still doing here?" The voice of Herbert, the building's ancient night security guard, creaked through the line. "I about told your boyfriend to buzz off. He's down here in the lobby with a pink box for you. You want to come down to get it? Or I can bring it up next time I make my rounds if you like."

"Ryan brought me a present? Oh my God, that's so sweet! I'm super busy up here, could you just maybe let him come up? Just for a minute?"

"That'd be against the rules, Miss Lamb," Herb drawled. Maylee could imagine his eyes squinting suspiciously as he spoke. 

"Just for a minute," Maylee cajoled. "You've known me for years, I just want to see him and give him a kiss without losing my spot in my work. He'll be gone before your next round, I promise." 

Downstairs in the lobby, Herb examined Ryan critically. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man in his late thirties, with short brown hair and dressed in business casual attire. He did have about a day's worth of stubble on his face, but there were no visible tattoos or weird piercings. Herb guessed the man looked trustworthy enough. "Just for a minute," he agreed grudgingly. "But no funny business!"

Maylee laughed. "No funny business, Herb."

Herb grunted, and pushed the button that unlocked the doors to the elevator. "Not a word about this to anybody, boy! I could lose my cushy job!"

Ryan chuckled. "My lips are sealed, sir. I'll just be a minute! You're the man!" He was through the door and down the hall before the old guard could change his mind.

---

Ryan got off on the third floor and made his way to Maylee's office, a huge smile on his face. He came through the doorway and paused, just gazing at his girlfriend as she worked on her project. As with every time he saw her, he couldn't believe how lucky he was; she was talented, funny, smart, and so beautiful. Maylee was five foot nine, with broad shoulders and hips but a defined waist that gave him the perfect place to rest his hands while they were dancing, or snuggling, or, really, anything. Any excuse to have his hands on her waist was a good enough excuse. She was always so self-conscious about her "farm girl" build, but Ryan couldn't for the life of him understand why.

The long, black, sleeveless dress she wore hugged her curves in a way that was perfectly appropriate for an office, but that made Ryan's head swim anyway. How did he manage to end up with someone so gorgeous, so... just... so everything? He had no earthly idea.

Maylee didn't notice Ryan until she felt his large, calloused hands land gently on her shoulders and begin lovingly massaging away the tension she hadn't realized she'd been carrying. She sighed and leaned back, letting those hands do their work.

"Jesus, M," Ryan said as he rubbed Maylee's stiff muscles. "You feel like you've been at the gym all day!"

"It's just this stupid final. I can't get it right," Maylee said, closing her tired eyes.

Ryan peered over Maylee's head to glance at the screen. "It looks perfect to me, kitten."

"That's why you're not a product designer," Maylee chuckled.

Ryan grinned. "No, I'm not a product designer because I have no talent. Don't change the subject."

"What'd ya bring me?" Maylee opened her eyes and looked around; she spotted the box on the corner of her desk and snatched it up. She giggled delightedly as she pulled the cardboard top open; inside were a dozen of the fattest, juiciest, chocolate-covered strawberries she'd ever seen. 

"Oh! I love this!" she squealed. "That's so sweet!" 

Ryan moved his hands from Maylee's shoulders and put them on her hips, around the narrow back of the office chair. He kissed her on the top of her head, and just smiled.

Maylee picked a strawberry out of the box and nibbled it, sighing loudly. "Oh, sunshine, this is just what I needed."

Ryan couldn't help himself; he leaned down a little further and planted a soft kiss on Maylee's neck. His lips were gentle and wet and Maylee shivered. "I needed that too," she sighed. 

"More?" Ryan asked.

"Yes please," Maylee giggled.

"Beg me."

Maylee shivered again; Ryan's voice was low, dark, and entirely enticing. 

"Ryan, I'm still working," she protested, half-heartedly. 

"Ok, no problem," he grinned, drawing away from her and reaching out to take the box of strawberries. Maylee frowned as Ryan's hands left her body, and frowned more as he lifted the pink box away from her grasp. 

"Hey, can you even do that?" she huffed. "I think there's a rule against taking my strawberries away!"

"These were supposed to entice you to come home, I need to make sure there are some left." Ryan shrugged apologetically. "I had plans for them."

"What plans?"

"I'll tell you if you beg me."

"Oooh... You... Fuck you!"

Ryan laughed as Maylee warred with herself. This game was one of her favorites, and just this little hint of it was turning her on in spite of the inauspicious locale. But she was still at her desk! At work!

Well.. maybe it wouldn't hurt to play just a little. 

Maylee cocked her head to the side and put a low, gravelly note in her voice. 

"Please, Ryan. Please tell me."

"Tell you what?"

"Please tell me what you had planned for the strawberries."

"Do you really want to know?"

Maylee sighed in exasperation. "Yes, Ryan, please tell me what you're planning!"

Ryan plucked a strawberry from the bunch and sat the box down on the desk. He leaned over the back of the chair and put his lips right up against Maylee's ear, whispering, "I was going to take them, one by one, slide them inside you to get them nice and wet. Then we'd share them." 

His tongue slipped out and licked her earlobe; Maylee shuddered and blushed. God damn that thought was hot! 

Ryan whispered again. "We could share one now, if you like. We're all alone up here for a minute."

Ryan sucked Maylee's earlobe between his lips, making her gasp, and lightly trailed the strawberry down her bare arm. Maylee squirmed and sighed. 

"But Herb could walk by any minute!" Her words were less of a protest and more of an expression of disappointment. 

Ryan put his hands on the back of the chair and rolled it backwards a few feet. Before Maylee could ask what had gotten into him, he scooted in front of her and deftly slid under her desk, drawing the chair back in front of it in a single, smooth motion.

"Ryan! What--" Maylee gasped as she felt his warm hands slide her dress up over her knees. The cool tip of the strawberry pressed under the edge of the bunched fabric, brushing her thigh, and goosebumps erupted on her skin. She sighed softly and spread her legs a little wider.

"Ooh, no panties? You're being a naughty kitten today!" Ryan teased from under the desk. His warm lips brushed against her ankle, then the inside of her calf, then her knee. His hands applied gentle pressure, and she opened her legs even wider.

Maylee could feel the strawberry drawing little pictures on her inner thigh. Ryan's lips continued their slow creep up her legs, moving back and forth between them. Maylee glanced over her shoulder, looking for any sign of the security guard. 

"Keep working," Ryan commanded. Maylee turned back around and shakily clicked a few keys to clear her screen and open another project. 

The strawberry touched the place where her thigh met her pelvis, and Maylee trembled.

"Should I go ahead and put this inside of you?" Ryan asked, his voice a quiet, needful growl.

"Yes," Maylee whispered.

"Yes what, kitten?"

"Mmm.. Yes, put it inside me."

"Beg me."

Maylee's heart beat faster and she opened her legs as wide as the bunched-up dress allowed her to.

"Please," she whispered. "Please, put it inside me."

Maylee felt the strawberry touch her outer lips, and she let out a long, shaky sigh as Ryan slid it inside her. He rolled it around just inside her entrance, and she knew she had plenty of juices to coat it with. 

The fruit withdrew, and Ryan brought his head out from under her dress. Meeting Maylee's eyes from beneath the desk, he deliberately put it in his mouth and took a bite. He chewed slowly, letting the chocolate-covered berry roam over his tongue. The flavor was intoxicating.

"Have a taste," he grinned, handing her the other half of the berry. Maylee took it and popped it into her mouth; the taste of her own sex mixed with chocolate and strawberry made her dizzy. 

"I need more of that," Ryan mused, and his head vanished again. Those soft, sexy kisses began to trail up Maylee's legs once more, and she leaned back in her chair, the keyboard forgotten. Ryan's tongue flicked over the very uppermost part of her inner thigh, and she moaned softly.

"Do you want me to taste you?" Ryan asked.

"God yes," Maylee breathed.

"Beg me."

"Oh God, Ryan. Please taste me."

"Tell me you need my tongue in your pussy."

"Yes Ryan. Please. I need your tongue in my pussy. I need you to eat me. Please Ryan, please eat my pussy!"

"Say please again. Louder."

"Please!!" Maylee begged.

The sound of jangling keys caught Maylee's ears a scant second before an unwelcome voice floated through the office. "Everything ok in there Miss Lamb?" Herb called out from the elevators. Maylee bolted forward, her hands clacking randomly on the keyboard as Herb poked his head into the office.

"Yeah, Herb, everything's-- everything's just fine." Maylee tried to keep her voice level, a feat made nearly impossible by Ryan's skilled mouth. She stifled a gasp as her boyfriend sucked her clit between his lips, flicking it with just the tip of his tongue. "I'm just not-- not happy with this stu-- stupid final. I'll be-- I'll be done in just a second!"

Ryan's low whisper came from under her desk, tinged with amusement: "That's probably true."

"Where'd that boyfriend of yours go? He leave already?" Herb asked.

Maylee was glad that the dim office concealed her flushed face as Ryan dove his tongue into her pussy, pressing his upper lip against her clit as he tasted her juices from the source. "Yeah, while you were coming up, he was going down-- I mean! You know, going down the other elevator!"

Maylee could feel Ryan's chuckle vibrate on her slit, and he shifted position slightly so he could focus on her clit while sliding two fingers inside her. Maylee stiffened as she felt his stubble rubbing her thighs, felt the inescapable heat building in her loins. 

"Oh, well, alright then. I'll just finish up this floor and be on my way. Don't you stay too long now, Ms. Lamb. I'm breakin' enough rules tonight."

"No problem!" Maylee blurted. "Could you close my door on your way out? I'll finish faster-- I mean, I'll finish this file faster, if I'm not distracted by any noise."

"Of course, Miss Lamb. Good night!"

The office door clicked shut, and Herb's footsteps receded back into the office space. Not a moment too soon; Maylee let out a gasping groan as her orgasm slammed into her, her cunt tightening around Ryan's fingers. He continued to caress her pussy with his tongue for a moment, slowly and lovingly, while gently siding his fingers in and out of her. Then his face was no longer between her legs, and her cunt felt empty as his hand disappeared. 

Ryan pushed her chair back and came up from his hiding place, his face slightly shiny in the dim light. Without a word, he reached out and pulled off the band that held her bun in place, letting her long hair fall out. He leaned in and planted a deep kiss on her lips, his tongue shoving its way into her mouth, his fingers gripping her hair and pulling it back sharply. Maylee returned the kiss, her heartbeat rapid, her breathing uneven.

Ryan moved his hands to her waist and he effortlessly lifted her to her feet. He spun around and picked her up off the ground, setting her gently on the edge of the desk and kissing her harder. The laptop scraped backwards, and several implements of office efficiency fell the to floor as he pressed his body against her. Maylee reached behind her and shoved the laptop to the side so she could lean back against the wall, and Ryan unbuckled his belt. 

His lips left hers, and his dark eyes bored into her. "I want you," he whispered. "Tell me you want me."

"I want you," Maylee breathed.

"Tell me you want me right now. Tell me you want my cock inside you."

"I want you right now, Ryan. I want your cock in my pussy."

Ryan pushed his pants and underwear down, freeing his hard cock. He let it rest against her inner thigh as he put his lips to her neck, drawing his tongue across her flesh slowly, teasingly. Maylee moaned and squirmed, and Ryan tugged down the shoulder straps of her dress, revealing a sexy red bra underneath. His mouth continued to suck on her neck, his teeth nipping at her skin occasionally, as he unfastened the garment and put his hands on her breasts, squeezing them roughly.

"Oh, fuck, Ryan, stop teasing me!" Maylee whined, feeling Ryan's sticky precum against her thigh. But Ryan wasn't done teasing; his lips left Maylee's neck and fastened on her right nipple. His tongue flicked it like he had done to her clit, and then he bit down, making Maylee gasp. He loved the way her body moved under him, the way her pussy smelled, the way her eyes rolled back in pleasure. 

But most of all, he loved her voice.

Ryan brought his eyes level with hers, and pushed his hips forward a little, letting the head of his cock just barely touch Maylee's soaking wet lips.

"Beg me."

"Please Ryan."

"Please what?"

"Please fuck me."

"Tell me how much you need me to fuck you." Ryan grinned wide, and pushed his cock a little against her, letting the tip part her lips.

"Fuck you, Ryan! I fucking need you to fuck me so fucking bad! I need your cock inside me, I need you to fuck my pussy, god, Ryan, please, please fuck me!"

Under other circumstances, Ryan probably would have played with Maylee a bit longer. Pulled her hair again, bit her nipples some more, maybe put his fingers back inside her. But her scent and her voice drove him past his ability to hold back, and he grabbed her hips for leverage as he plunged his cock deep inside her. She was sopping wet; Ryan sank to the hilt in one smooth motion, and Maylee groaned.

Ryan thrust into her, hard and fast, over and over again. The desk shook and the drawers rattled, and Maylee looked up at him with wide, needy eyes. The determination on his face and the strength in his thrusts pushed her over the edge.

"Fuck me Ryan! Oh, god, Ryan, fuck me harder! Please fuck me harder!"

Ryan complied, letting the sound of her sexy voice combine with the sound of his cock sliding into her wet pussy, letting the smell of her sex and the feel of her skin bring him to the very edge. 

"Beg me to fill you. Tell me how much you want my cum inside you," he gasped, fucking her with all his strength.

"Oh, please Ryan. Please cum inside me! I need your cum, Ryan!"

With one last shove, he groaned as he emptied himself into her. Maylee cried out and wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in even tighter as his cock spilled his cum into her pussy, filling her, then overflowing her and dripping out around the edges.

In just a few seconds, he was empty, and he let his weight settle on top of her as he kissed her softly and lovingly. Ryan let his lips touch her cheeks, her chin, her forehead, and her lips. His eyes sparkled in the dimness. 

"I love you, M," he panted, wrapping his arms around her and holding her close. Maylee leaned her head on his shoulder. 

"You'd better," she giggled breathlessly.

-----

Herbert heard the elevator ding as he stood in front of the coffee pot in the first-floor break room. He leaned back and peered past the doorframe just in time to watch Miss Lamb and her boyfriend, giggling and whispering, sneak very poorly past his desk and out the lobby doors. He noticed Miss Lamb's slightly bow-legged, slightly limping gait and smiled to himself. 

When he was sure they were gone, he meandered back to the guard desk. He briefly toyed with the idea of bringing up the third floor security camera footage, then dismissed it with a laugh. He knew very well what they'd been up to: the very 'funny business' he'd been promised wouldn't happen. 

Ahh, to be young and in love again! he thought. Like a gentleman, he highlighted the night's recording file and hit "delete".