 The day was slow at work so Karen called up her boyfriend and asked if he could spare a few minutes to be with her. He said he had to be at work in about an hour but that he was ready early and that he could drop by to say hello.

As she hung up with him, her boss told her she could take a lunch break, but she declined. Karen went in the back room of her workplace and got changed. As she watched for her boyfriend to come through the door she became anxious to see him, even after the hot weekend they'd spent together in bed.

He, the reason for her lust and desire, strolled in. She put the stereo to play and the curtain parted, Karen crawled out on her hands and knees to the end of the cat walk before dangling her feet off the stage.  She called his name and when he turned and she looked, she saw the desire buringin in his eyes. He walked closer to her and she put her foot to his chest to keep him at that distance. She saw his gaze travel up her legs and uner her skirt.

She spread her legs wide and ran her hands up her calves, over her knees and up her thighs, pulling the skirt up to her waist with her hands, showing her white mesh thong with a little star at the front and sides.

Slowly, Karen rose and reached around to seductively unzip her skirt. She swayed to a sensuous song and kept her eyes focused on him. Her filmy shirt and barely there bra did nothing to hide her distended nipples. Placing her palms on her breasts she heard the wolf-whistles and cat calls from all around her.

She stared right at him, silently letting him know this was all for him. She peeled her shirt off and tossed it at him, turning her back to him, she spread her stance and leaned at the waist, giving him a full view of her almost compeletly exposed sex.


The next thing she knew, she was on his shoulder, his hands on her ass and thighs, holding her in place as he headed for a curtianed off booth. Depositing her on the table that was there, he took her hand and placed it on the fly of his pants. She squeezed him through his jeans before unzipping them and slipping her hand down his boxers.

"What a hot little show-off you are" He commented, she felt his dick jump in her hand. Karen in turn took his hand and placed it between her legs.

"Fuck me baby, I did it for you and it turned me on soooo much!"

He pushed his fingers against her hot wet pussy, pushing the mesh into her with his knuckles. Karen moaned and lifted her hips, her clit begging for his attention. Spreading her legs further her thong tight against her, her clit clearly defined beneath the sheer material. He pulled the material to the side, telling her to hold it there while he explored her with his fingers. He ran the tip of his finger from the top of her hood to just before he reached her ass, and when he traced his fingers back up, he dipped on into her her pussy. She relaxed her head down and watched how he was touching her, along with the way he was making her feel. On the second stroke down and back up, he pushed a second finger into her tight hole. He slowly finger fucked her with two fingers and then slowly added a third, stretching her, getting her ready for his cock.

Again, Karen reached forward and touched the front of his pants with her fingers, dipping her hand into his pants she pushed them down so they and his boxers were around his knees, taking hold of his cock, she palmed it and then wrapped her hand around, slowly stroking in an up and down motion. Then she rubbed her thumb over the head of his cock, and he thrust his hips in her direction. The motion of his fingers probing her pussy caused her to moan again. 

"Please, fuck me now."

Teasingly slow he unwrapped her hand from him and placed his hand around himself, guiding his cock to her pussy, rubbing the head along her slit a few times, getting it wet before sliding fully into her in a few short thrusts. He pinned her to the table and took her hands in one of his and lifted them above her head. He unsnapped the front clasp of her bra and freed her breasts, leaning down he placed one nipple between his lips and sucked. Slowly he fucked her, but with long deep thrusts, she wrapped her legs around his waist and moaned into the empty booth. Secretly she wished someone would hear them fucking, but only because it added the thrill of getting caught by her boss or a law enforcement representative. Her pussy clenched around his cock and he moaned against her breast. 

The idea of getting caught, just like the idea she had of giving him a show, especially at her job, turned her on to no extent, and she loved nothing better than to surprise him with wild ideas. She could tell from the excitement of his fucking and the hard way he was pounding into her, he loved it too. She made a mewling sound as he speeded up and she felt the wet friction in her pussy. He lifted his head and growled in her ear, and released her hands. Karen wrapped herself around him and waited for the inner explosion to occur, her body telling her it was almost time.

"I'm going to cumm" she breathed out horsely. 

"Me too, in you or on you?"

She breathed in his ear and then spoke low "In" and then fastened her mouth to his and moaned her climax into his mouth. He groaned and she felt him cum inside her. He rested there until she slowly unwrapped her legs and arms and he slid out of her, as she sat up and slid off the table to her knees she felt the mixture of juices running down her inner thighs. He looked down at her as she took his dick in her mouth and licked it clean of all their cum, as soon as his cock was clean he helped her stand and went to sit her back against the table in the plush booths.

"Let me return the favor."

She stopped him with a hand on his shoulder and said:

"I want to stay like this until I get home later, it's such a turn on having a man's cum seeping out on the job" she licked her lips. "Besides, when I get home later, we can shower together." She winked at him. He glanced at his watch as he straightened himself up.

"I'm running late."

"Can you get my clothes before you go? I wouldn't want to go out like this" She giggled.

He kissed her one last time before retrieving her clothes and then again before rushing out the door, once she had gotten dressed, she realized she hadn't had anything to eat, but also that she had indeed taken her lunch break and would have to take something from behind the bar to calm her hunger. Some of the men that were around before watching her show with her boyfriend were still there and throwing proposals out to her and propositions to take her to new heights. But she knew the only one who could take her where she wanted to go, would be home tonight and in her shower later and then in her again, she got wet all over again at the thought and took her place behind the bar, as bartender, for another night at Beg'N'Strip.