 Watching you sleep stretched out fully on your stomach the thin sheet twisted and tucked around your lower body, I watch the rise and fall of your back and shoulders with each sleepy breath. I want to touch you so badly, stir you from your slumber selfishly awakening you.

Running my hand up the inner thigh of your slightly parted legs from beneath the sheet I can feel the heat from your skin I can feel the slight tremor in my fingers present simply from touching you. Up and down I trace your thigh brushing across the soft flesh on your balls and down to your mid-thigh, up and down.

Sliding over and kissing your shoulder and the middle of your back then down your side and to the fleshy sensitive skin of your ass, stopping to slowly lick as I offer these kisses feeling you begin to stir. "Mmmm" escapes into the night air. As I gently urge you to part your legs yet further I lay across your prone body feeling the heat against my own stomach and breasts.

Can you feel the heat from my now moist mound pressed against the soft cheeks of your ass? Pressing my knee between your legs and massaging your now firm balls carefully with my bent knee. Running my fingers through your thick tussled dark hair and kissing the side of your neck.

Kissing down your body I slide lower until you feel my breasts pressed against your ass and I place a hand on the back of each knee lifting myself up and down rubbing my hard nipples against the meaty flesh. Lowering myself more until I am on my knees between your legs again touching the inner thighs of your now aroused body.

Leaning forward placing my hand on your tight balls and following the contours of your ass and back down again. You begin to move around and I hear the pleasure in your sounds. As you begin to roll over bending your leg to move around my body my excitement grows.

In the room with the first glimmers of light I see how hard your shaft is and know you want me to continue. I lean forward holding your shaft in 

my hand and quickly placing my mouth on end and slipping it deeply inside moving a wetted tongue along the skin as I go. With my tongue wrapped firmly around your shaft I raise back up sucking hard as I go.

My hand pulls down stretching the skin and pressing against your balls while my hungry mouth moves up toward the head, stopping and liking hard around it and dipping my tongue as far as I can into the opening. Repeating this movement up and down and increasing the pace each time.

The hunger for you builds and in the dark it can be heard as I feverishly take you as deeply as possible. Feeling your hard shaft tight and knowing you are so near cumming excited me so my pace maddens and I want to taste you. When your juices enter my mouth and coat my tongue and throat your sounds fill my ears. 

Continuing in a slower pace running my tongue along your shaft now pulsing hard within my mouth, knowing how sensitive it must feel. My own need so strong now and so aroused at your release I raise and slide across your hips and to your chest.

Sitting straddled across your chest I begin to touch myself, I am so very close to that orgasm that I know would match your own. As my head goes back and my eyes close my fingers tease my body until I am grinding the wetness against your chest and across your nipples.

You know my breathing you know my sounds and when the time is close. Reaching for my hips you pull me forward and to your waiting mouth. A frantic movement of your tongue and my release fills your mouth as my screams fill the air. 

Lifting off I lay beside you while to roll over and pull me close. One hand cupped between my legs as two fingers slide inside feeling the convulsing within my body and we stay so still and watch the sun peek into the room.

The alarm sounds as our bodies begin to cool and breathing slows to normal. Just hold me for a few moments before you start your day and kiss the smile on my lips.