 This particular stories subject matter is marital infidelity. If you are sensitive to that subject, please select a different story of mine to read. This is a work of fiction...just a fantasy of mine. I do not advocate lying or cheating on a spouse and I don't feel that the characters actions and reactions are typical. 

--Sacred Beauty

*****

THE BEGINNING

My husband Kyle is a consultant of sorts, dealing with probabilities and loss. I don't know exactly how to describe what he does but it requires tons of research and occasional business trips. Most of the time he is at a computer which is something that benefited our relationship. We courted by email. That may sound sterile and impersonal but its how we fell in love. We met online and knew it was the real deal within a few weeks. Seven months later, I find myself a newlywed. God, I love him so much. Deeply and desperately. He is a wonderful man and takes care of all of my needs. And I'm not talking about money and material things I'm talking about things of substance and sustenance. Kyle is also amazing in bed, but my lover can please me in ways that he can't. 

My lover's name is Sam. We met four years ago at a nightclub and hooked up for what I thought would be a one night stand. It is important that you know that I am not the type of woman that goes out trolling for sex. Something was different that night. When our eyes met, time froze. No one has affected me that way, before or since. Not even my husband. Sam is a party promoter and was only there to drop off a stack of flyers when we literally bumped into each other. 

The two of them are nothing alike. They are like night and day. Sam is my height while Kyle is much much taller. My lover has always been emotionally available while my husband can be insensitive. The physical differences are even greater. Kyle has beautiful fair skin, red hair and piercing blue eyes while Sam is brown skinned with black hair like me. Even though my husband had never been with a black woman before, race was never an issue between us. Any cultural rough spots were quickly worked out during our first few meetings. 

THE MIDDLE

Sex with Kyle is an out of body experience. He takes his time to satisfy me wholly. All five senses...mind body and soul. Sometimes after we fall away from each other a sweaty mess, I have cravings for Gatorade to restore my energy. I usually need something to prepare me for round two and if I'm lucky sometimes three. Whether its making passionate love or fucking my brains out, he is the man. 

So if he does all of that for me, I bet you are wondering what I need Sam for.

I guess its time to tell you that my lover is a woman. Samantha, Sam for short, introduced me to things that had never crossed my mind. It didn't hurt that she ate my pussy like it was going out of style either. If Kyle deserves a gold star for oral sex then she deserves one out made of some precious metal that has yet to be discovered.

Four years ago, that first night I sat on her sleigh bed and surveyed the room. There was nothing interesting besides the sight of her quietly undressing before me. I wanted...no, needed a drink to relax myself. All she had was Pinot Noir. Wine wasn't a favorite of mine but I knocked back two glasses before my clothes fell away. There I was in deep red thongs and a matching bra. She said I was beautiful as she drew my bottom lip into her mouth to suck. That was the moment my inhibitions disappeared. Something I have come to know from Kyle as that delicious moment you surrender. 

We didn't talk much. In fact she only asked me one question. "What is your favorite thing? Your trigger?" 

"Areolas...my nipples." I responded, a bit nervous from the lilt in her voice.

"Alright...then I'll save those for last. That's how I'm gonna make you cum." Sam pushed me back into the pillows and straddled me. 

Her bold declaration caused my sopping puss to throb. I was so wet at this point that I was dripping onto her bedspread before she even made her way down between my legs to stimulate me. We stared at each other for a moment before her long dark hair covered my face. She started to kiss and lick my chin, then my collarbone, and left a damp trail as she worked her way around the side of my neck to my throat. Her face slid torturously slow between my breasts, down my tummy and past my belly button. As Sam's tongue snaked down my apprehensive body she kept her promise and avoided my breasts with her mouth. She let out a breath then drew a line down my center with her sharp tongue and split me open. Sam mashed her face against my hot, slippery flesh then moaned into me causing deep vibrations. Soon her lips were glistening with my cum. That night she devoured my pussy, but made me cum by sucking and nibbling on my nipples. Sam grabbed a mouthful of my soft skin and inhaled it hard into her mouth. She teasingly ran her tongue around the bumpy surface of my areolas, causing my puffy swollen nipples to become hard nubs in the center. Suddenly my nails were digging into her back, drawing her closer to me. Already we were lovers. 

"You like that?" she asked. 


"Uh huh..." I could barely reply. "God yes...yes..." I nodded and kept grinding my clit against her thigh as worked my breasts. I was like a bitch in heat ready to cum, frantically humping her. 

She was teasing me by making loud slurping noises as she suckled. My giggles were soon overpowered by moans. Hers and mine intertwined. "Mmm..."

"Keep going...keep sucking me just like that ..." I was taking in air in big gulps, drowning in ecstasy. Each flick of her tongue caused a wave of pleasure that sent me over the edge into violent spasms. 

Our naked bodies were glued together by a mixture of saliva, sweat and cum as we fell asleep. And that was my first time.

THE END (or so I thought) 

I knew was taking a big risk inviting her over. Kyle was out of town on a big project and I was lonely. More to the point, I was horny. That's all Sam needed to hear. You see lately I have been feeling guilty about the affair. We used to see each other a few times a week but that had tapered off to once and sometimes none since I got married a few months ago. Lately I had been feeling as though my husband deserves better then he got. I am not worthy of him or his love. Sam often tells me that when we are fucking. She calls me a slut. A common whore. How else could I cheat on the love of my life? And, why else would I have gone home with her seven minutes after we met? That's all it took for her to snare me. I had never even kissed a woman before that night but now I consider myself bisexual. 

Kyle is into the dirty talk too. He doesn't go so far as to call me a whore, but he says enough to get me going. I love to feel his hot breath at my ear whispering in detail what he wants or is going to do to me. When it is my turn, I whisper my forbidden lesbian 'fantasies' to him. They never fail to get him going. As his mind wraps around my words...my secret desires, we share something beautiful. 

Now I don't want you to think that my husband is unintelligent. There have been signs of my inappropriate intimate relationship with Sam which he has picked up on. Once he even asked me point blank was I bi. That question came after the three of us spent the night out on the town. Sam and I came back from the bathroom and I had her lipstick on me. She knew it was there but didn't tell me. Then she seemed to enjoy watching me squirm as I explained it away. That night Kyle fucked the shit out of me. He had never been that rough before. I was riding him as I climaxed, and it was so emotionally intense that I dropped down on his chest and sobbed afterwards. I was spent. Not just from the wild encounter but by the prospect of loosing him, loosing what we had because of a quick kiss in the nasty bathroom of a martini bar. 

Anyways, a few weeks later, the night I almost lost my husband for real, he was supposed to be away. I invited Sam over to talk and as usual one thing led to another. She was playing it cool...I was the one desperate to have my fire extinguished. After years of practice I was a bonified pro at pleasing a woman. I wanted to tease her so I kept my body as still as possible until she was squirming in anticipation. After licking and sucking my way across her thighs, I made my way to her shining star, my nickname for her puss. God how I loved tonguing her gooey center. Gently at first but then building the intensity. Without fail, Sam always jumped as my tongue found her clit. My favorite thing was to feel her breasts pressed against mine as our tongues, soft as silk, met. Remember when I said that Kyle is amazing in bed, but that Sam could please me in ways that he couldn't. Its her clit. Spreading her pussy lips then feeling her clit move against mine. Grinding. Rubbing...those lazy circles that bring me ecstasy. Putting a finger inside her I the way my husband does me, and hearing her moan. Her breathing gets faster letting me know that soon she will be doing more than moaning. We both will. 

She was crying out...calling my name and pointing. But I was oblivious, concentrating hard on my impending orgasm. 

I realized that we weren't alone anywhere when Kyle's hands began to caress my back. Sam and I both froze...

...until my husbands hard cock slipped between us. He must have gotten off early and heard the sensual noises coming from the bedroom. I came instantly, before he could even draw back to thrust. There I was gasping and writhing uncontrollably on top of my lover as my husband's cock was sandwiched between us, hitting both clits simultaneously. He fucked us hard then pulled out and entered my pussy to cum. As the ribbons of warm cream shot up inside of me I had the most incredibly intense orgasm of my life. Kyle was bent over my back, still deep inside as he laid tender kisses of acceptance on my neck and shoulders. His arms brushed my sides as he held her waist below me, pinning us to the bed.

He spoke in a low voice, "its ok honey. I've suspected this about you two all along." Kyle slowly slid out then wedged his cock between me and Sam once again. He massaged our clits, moving back and forth slow and easy until Samantha too was crying his name. In that moment, as the three of us were sliding together I drew her into a passionate kiss. Pure heaven on earth. God damn.

THE AFTERMATH 

To be continued...