 It was difficult to see; the fog was so thick it even muffled sounds. He had his mother's hand in his and she carried a raggedy bundle as if it were the Crown Jewels, so the going was slow, but finally they could hear the waves sloshing against the dock. Following the sounds, they found the ship's boarding area and carefully ascended the ramp. 

The Captain waited silently as Mayhew reached in his cape pocket and handed him a packet of papers. The Captain stared at him as if he were from some as yet undiscovered land, and handed the packet back, waving at a seaman to take them to their quarters.

The quarters were spacious considering it was a small ship; one of Elizabeth's pirate fleet, no doubt. Small and fast moving- not meant for comfort. There was a very small fire lit; enough to take the chill out the air, and the three made themselves as comfortable as they could, speaking in low tones only when necessary.

After placing the baby in a small hammock, purchased for the trip, Callie dug some bread and cheese out of a bag she carried, and Mayhew found a barrel of fresh water. They ate in silence, checked the child to be sure the hammock wouldn't turn, and then Callie and Mayhew settled in the room's bunks and went to sleep. A sleep so sound they never knew when the ship slipped slowly and secretly away from the dock.

Callie dreamed. She was saddened at leaving so much behind. Her twin boys,Angus and Fergus, wild as the Scottish hills, hanged for robbery on the same day. Just for trying to get some food for the family. MacDowell, her good boy, stayed behind with his wife to try and keep their bit of farm alive. He was the one who'd gotten them in this mess, yet she loved him still and prayed daily for his health and well being. 

Mayhew was her baby. At the age of forty she still couldn't say no to him. He was a dark and brooding sort, never telling anyone where he earned the bits he did, yet he had kept them all alive since their father had disappeared. To only be twenty years old himself, he had done well. She dared not ask him how he had done it but wrapped in the lining of his cape were more gold pieces than she knew how to count, and his packet of papers seemed to bring him anything he wanted, including this passage to the New World. She knew better than to ask. In his own sweet time he'd tell her.

And this sweet babe!! She was no more than a month old. Where in the world had she come from? Mayhew didn't have a way with the ladies as did his brothers. He was too solitary a man. And the few women he consorted with could never have produced a child this beautiful. She was a tiny, but strong thing; black, thick curls framing a heart shaped face, and the most beautiful lavender eyes. But even as she smiled, you could see her stormy temperament. Wondering who her mother was was useless. Mayhew would tell or he wouldn't. But she would love her as her own.

Mayhew laid in his bunk turned to the wall. He knew his dear mother had questions and he wanted to answer them. But he had way too much to lose if he told; maybe even his life and the lives of those he loved.

MacDowell had come to him with the plan. Rumors were flying that the Queen had given birth to a second child, but that it had been born dead. MacDowells wife, Elenore, worked in the Queen's chambers; she was privy to many secrets. She had come to MacDowell crying and begging him to take in a babe, a little wee homeless thing, but MacDowell said no. He wanted his own children but not yet. He and Elenore had the farm to work, and help feed his mother and brother; they had enough. Her income from the Queen was badly needed and they couldn't give it up. The answer was no, and final. 

Late that night in bed Elenore whispered to him, telling him the Queen's story. "This might be her baby" she said. "It must be hidden so enemies of Mary and her son James wouldn't rise up in favor of Bothwell's child!" She waited a moment, and then said "The Queen's men would pay her well for her assistance in this matter." MacDowell, shocked, couldn't respond. He lay silent, Elenore beside him crying softly.

In the morning MacDowell said he needed Mayhew in the barn before he went to his own work in the Queen's stable. Mayhew sensed trouble and met him right away. It was dark outside, and misty. He sensed an importance in this meeting and paced til MacDowell arrived.

"Mayhew," said MacDowell, wasting no words. He arrived horseback, and his mount was ready to go and restless. "Gather what you can; you and Mother are going to the New World as quickly as can be arranged. The less questions you ask, the better off we'll all be. Mother already knows and has started her preparations. You will be given gold, and Letters Of Safe Passage, a sizable land grant, and a baby to raise as your own.It's a new start for you to be your own boss and keep you out of trouble, and you'll be doing a favor for the Crown. It will help us all."

Mayhew was speechless. He had dreamed of adventuring to the New World, but never had he thought it could happen! But..but...a baby?? "Who's baby?" 

"Ask no more questions," commanded MacDowell, "But keep your ears open to rumor, and remain silent of all you hear, or you jeopardize us all!" And with that, he wheeled his horse and rode off towards the manor where the Queen was staying.

Mayhew sat on a bench and thought. Here's the chance I've wanted! And gold, and land, and a new start! But how? It had to do with the baby, he was sure. But he trusted MacDowell, and being the sort he was, he accepted what he said. Standing, he said aloud "I have to go talk with Mother."

Callie Carruthers was in the garden cutting flowers and placing them in a large basket. When she looked up and saw Mayhew she asked quietly, "You've spoken to MacDowell?" 

He nodded and asked "Is it all right?" Callie continued cutting in silence for awhile and then straightened and looked Mayhew in the eye. 

"MacDowell has done well for himself, what with he and his wife as servants to the Queen. It's not my place to question. You are all grown men now; I'm just an old woman. If he thinks we should do this, then I think we're going to the New World. But I have told the neighbors we are going to England with the Queen and thats all they need to know. Now come with me. These flowers are for Angus and Fergus, and then we have a lot of work to do."

They traveled up the old cemetery road slowly, both deep in their own thoughts, and Mayhew sat silent as his Mother placed the blossoms on his older brother's graves, listening to her mumble her prayers, and secretly wiping the tears from her eyes. After a few minutes she stood, used her apron to wipe her eyes, and started back down the hill. Mayhew looked at the graves, beautiful now covered in spring flowers, then he turned and followed.

Everyone in the family pitched in. All they knew was Callie was going to accompany Mayhew to the New World; no one knew about the baby. Crates were made to carry tools, bedding, seeds and other household items, others to carry chickens and a cow. When everything was ready, MacDowell arrived with several men from the Queen's stables and late at night loaded the wagons and started towards Glasgow. Callie went with them, making arrangements to meet Mayhew in a tavern near the docks.

When Mayhew arrived at the tavern, there were several men horseback with the Queen's livery in plain view. They loaded several additional crates, and gave Mayhew a large sack. From the sound of it it was easy to tell the contents. A carriage arrived and Mayhew was told to enter. Inside was a gentleman who's face was hidden by a cape and hood, but Mayhew recognized him as one of the the Queens advisor's. He handed Mayhew papers to sign, and in return gave him a thick packet. And then, from the floor of the carriage he lifted a bundle wrapped in rags, and handed it over to Mayhew. No words were exchanged, and Mayhew stepped out of the carriage and boarded the ship. 

The rocking of the waves woke the baby. Mayhew sat up- Callie was already up tending to her, soothing her. He looked out the porthole and could see far out to sea, with a storm coming towards them. He kissed his Mother and giving the babe barely a glance, left to go topside.

The Captain was standing in the bow of the ship. He turned as Mayhew walked up to him, and said it would be a fine day and they should make good time. Following Mayhew's eyes he turned and laughed. "Did you think it would be smooth sailing all the way, sir? That storm will hit us some time tomorrow- you and your Ma and your babe have time to settle in." Mayhew's head jerked up...my babe, he thought. By God- she is my babe. Else who's could she be? 

She needed a name and Mayhew never hesitated. Callie Marie Carruthers... that's who she is, he thought. Callie for his mother, and Marie for hers; Marie being the Frenchified version of Mary. Mayhew smiled at the Captain. "Yes, she's my babe, sir, and a mirror of her mother, God bless her soul!" 

Turning away he didn't see the pity in the Captain's eyes but he heard him mutter "Poor fella, just twenty and already a widower with a newborn." Mayhew smiled and said to himself that's as it should be and that's how it will be.