 The second night we were dropped off back at the marina. We just told our friends we wanted to hang out. They didn't ask any questions. We didn't offer more.

He bit my neck just a little bit. We walked behind the boathouse and sat on the dock talking. Both of us liked being married, despite the lack of variety. Neither of us thought what we were doing was right. We held hands for a while. We talked about what kind of fucking we liked. He said his wife pretty much only liked regular sex, no oral, tittie fucking, or anal. I said that my husband was pretty open but had some issues with eating pussy. He said he really missed oral sex. 

"I don't blame you," I said. "That's one of those things that is hard to live without".

"I didn't think it would be as hard as it is," Paul said.

"I bet," I said.

"I never really did anal," he offered, "but I did get to tittie fuck a girl once".

"I've done anal," I said, "and I like being tittie-fucked".

"I liked doing it," he said, "she was in one of my college classes and I couldn't stop staring at her tits. They were gorgeous. Had to be 40DD's or something like that."

"Wow," I said, "That's big. I'm 38DD."

He looked at my tits snug in my halter top. "You have nice tits too," he said. 

"I know," I said. "I bet you can imagine fucking them."

He closed his eyes. "I am right now," he said. 

"Cool," I said. I could see the hard-on growing in his shorts. 

"You look like your getting a little hot," I said. 

"I am," he answered. 

"Let's swim," I suggested.

He looked at me. "With or without clothes?" he asked. He had one of those wicked smiles on his face. 

"I don't want to get my clothes all wet," I answered. I looked at him with those, "I dare you" eyes. 

He stripped before I did and stood there watching me finish. We looked at each other for a minute. Then we jumped into the water at the end of the short dock behind the boathouse. The water was really cold and when I came up for air, it was colder. My nipples were rock hard pebbles. I had goose bumps all over my body. When I swam over to the edge of the dock where he was, I could see he did too. 

"Shit, it's cold," he said. 

I wrapped my arms around his body, my skin connecting with all of his. It was warmer already. Like that. 

"Nice," Jesse said.

I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck. I pushed up against him, my pussy against his now soft cock. But just that pressure had him growing again. We kissed a little bit, all wet and crazy on our faces and necks. Even with our bodies pressed together, though, it was too cold in the water and we both began to shiver. Jesse pulled himself back up onto the doc and then helped me up. He wrapped his arms around me as soon as I had my footing. He bit my ear a little.

"So, tell me how you like it," he whispered in my ear.

"I like it any way you want it," I answered.

"Do you like to suck cock?" he asked.

"I like to suck cock," I answered.

His breath was hot in my ear. His whispers were rough and sexy. I liked him talking to me like that.

"Do you like to have your pussy fucked?" he asked.

"I like to have my pussy fucked," I said.

"Do you like to have your pussy tongued?" he asked.

"I like to have my pussy tongued," I answered.

"Do you like to be titty fucked?" he asked.

"I like having a hard cock fuck my tits," I answered. All this dirty talk was getting my pussy really wet.

"Do you like it in the ass?" he asked.

"I like it in the ass," I said. 

"So, you want to be fucked in every hole, in every way," Jesse said, "you little slut."

"I want to be fucked in every hole, in every way," I said, "I am a little slut."

"Lay down," he ordered. 

I lay down on the dock, but it was hard and splintery and hurt my back. "Ow," I said, "This hurts."

"The dock?" he asked. "Shit, I bet it does, damn wood." He looked around and said, "Lay on the front of this boat. It was a big boat and had a long smooth stern. Jesse helped me over to the boat and climbed up on it too. 

"On your back, baby," he said. He lies down next to me and slides his finger in my pussy. I was already soaked and his finger felt so good that I arched my back and purred. 

"I'm going to finger fuck you first," he said. He did. First one, then two, then three fingers. 

"More," I said, "I need more."

"Yeah, you do," Jesse said and slid on top of me, his cock sliding right into my wet cunt and thrusting back deep into me. "Like that?" he asked.

"Yeah, like that," I said. "I like that."

He wasn't fucking me like that for more than a few minutes when he pulled out and climbed up to my tits, straddling me. He pushed his slick wet cock in between my 38DD's and pushed them together, fucking me like that. 

"Do you like it like this?" Jesse asked. He would slide his cock high up almost to my mouth and then back down, teasing me. 

"I like it like this," I said. I kept trying to catch his cock in my mouth leaning my head forward, and sticking out my tongue. 

"Not yet," he said. "I want to fuck you like this first. Lay back your head. Relax, baby".

I laid my head back down on the boat and just got into the sensations of him holding my tits tight and squeezing his gorgeous hard cock with them as he slid it up and down. He was so wet from my pussy that he just slid back and forth like lightning. My breasts were so sensitive and he was holding them tight and pushing my nipples at the same time. I was going to cum. He could tell. I was arching my back and beginning to buck. 

"No, not yet, baby," he said. Then he lifted himself up and rammed his cock deep into my mouth and down into my throat. "Now, cum now, baby," he said.

He felt so good sliding down the back of my throat. It was just the sensation I needed. He straddled my face and fucked my mouth, deep and hard. I came trembling and crying out. When my convulsions subsided, Jesse pulled his big cock out of my mouth. He flipped me over and said, "Do you like it in the ass?"

"Yes. But I don't want you to fuck me in the ass," I said.

He hesitated. I could tell it turned him on that I said it, that I denied him. I could tell that it also made him angry. 

"You told me I could fuck you any way, any hole," he said.

"I lied," I said.

"Little bitch," he said. Then he reached his hand out and smacked my ass. 

"Ow," I yelped. "No, you can't fuck my ass".

He smacked me again and again. I could tell it was getting him harder and hotter for me. His hand stung me and his cock bobbed and bounced back there by my ass. He slid into my pussy and pumped in and out. He was about to explode. He pulled back out and smacked me again and again.

"Bad little bitch," he said. His hand stung and his hard cock pushed against my ass. I was so fucking turned on, I started to cry.

"You can't fuck my ass," I said. "No. You can't." His hand was slamming my ass and he was ramming into my wet pussy again. I was on the edge of cuming again. "I want you to cum in me," I cried.

"Oh, no, you little bitch," he said. "You lied to me. I'm not giving you the satisfaction of cuming in your sweet pussy."

"Please," I begged. "I want you to cum in me, please, baby, please!" 

"Fuck you, bitch," he said. He was groaning as he said it. Smack. Smack. My ass was on fire. My pussy was about to explode. He pulled out and grabbed his blasting cock in hand directing all of his sweet hot cum onto my back and ass. 

It felt so good, that I couldn't hold back anymore. I came too, with all his sticky sweet cum on me, marking me, making me his. Fuck, yes. This was good. He held me by my hips while I came, so I wouldn't fall off the side of the boat. 

"Yeah, baby," he encouraged me, "Come on, cum for me. I want to watch you get off with my cum all over you."

I did. It was heavenly. Then I collapsed on the boat. Jesse collapsed on top of me. We just laid there for a while. Then we took another swim to clean up and got our clothes back on. By the time our friends came back to get us we were all fucked-out and pretty high on sex. They were so wrapped up in their own partying that they didn't really notice that after sex look in our eyes. We said good-bye that night. We never did see each other again. I wonder if he ever thinks of those nights behind the boathouse.