 "Come on, hurry," she breathed. "We've probably only got a couple minutes before the next-" She sucked in a breath sharply as I shoved up her skirt, sank down in front of her, and pulled down her underwear.

She was already wet. The scent of her filled my senses. Her clit, her labia, her thighs, the cloud of hair shading her crotch. I went to work, licking and sucking her, tracing lines with my tongue. She tasted so good. Her fluid smeared my cheeks, ran down my chin. Digging her fingers into my hair, she gasped. She was still trying to be quiet. We were in the middle of the park, after all. The low bushes provided some cover, but anyone looking through the leaves would be able to see us together on the blanket, her legs spread wide and me in between going to town, going down.

Before long, she was squirming, bucking up into my mouth. I slowed down and she groaned, pushing my face back into her pussy and thrusting into my mouth. "Don't . . . tease!" she hissed. Her face was flushed and concentrated, pupils wide. I laughed, and the vibration made her shiver. Lifting my head, I grinned up at her, and she rolled her eyes at me before slapping me lightly on the cheek.

She grabbed my hair and pulled my face back to her. "You can take your time later," she panted. "But right now, I can't wait. I need it. Give me your fingers. Come on. I wanna cum . . ." Her voice trailed up at the end as I tightened my tongue, making small, firm circles around her clit. "Fuck!"

If I wanted to get her off fast, I knew better than to waste time penetrating her. I swept my tongue hard down one side of her clit, then the other, blazing a trail down the nerves. She lifted her hips and bit back a cry. Returning to her clit, I slipped my tongue under the hood and started the small, quick movements I knew would take her over the edge.

My entire world had shrunk to her hand on my head, her pussy moving under my mouth, her legs starting to tighten around my ears. I could feel her excitement, her tension, her need for release, and it was thrilling to fuel it. Wasn't going to be long now. I reached up, caught her nipple, and rubbed it with my thumb.

A long, low groan, and she was pulsing in my mouth, clamping me into place as she came. She was pulling my hair hard, legs shaking, back sweating, and I was surrounded by her, sight and sound and scent and taste. I set my tongue firmly against one side of her clit and let her move against me as she rode out her orgasm. Once her body relaxed, I moved back. She exhaled heavily, laughed, and flipped her skirt back down over her legs.

"What makes you think you're done?" I teased, rubbing her upper leg.

"Oh, I'm not," she smiled, happy and sleepy. "I just need a little bit of recovery time before I suck you off."

"You don't want me to fuck you?" I asked quietly, displaying the tent in my shorts for her. I rubbed my package, watched her eyes flash and her face get serious. Without a word, she pulled me down on top of her, kissing me hard and wrenching open my fly. She pulled my dick free, pumping up and down with her fist a few times. I moaned, already imagining myself inside her. I rubbed the head of my dick against her pussy. She was still so wet from cumming that I slid into her easily.

She put her hand behind my head and pulled me in for a long, slow kiss. I eased in and out of her, moving gradually deeper as she opened for me. When I broke the kiss, she continued holding me close. "You know I love your dick," she murmured in my ear. "Love the way you fuck me. Love the way you feel inside me. But I don't know if we've got time for you to make me cum again."

I kissed her, still moving inside her. "So what's your proposal? Pick up with this back at home?"

Starting to lift her hips with my strokes, fucking back at me, she shook her head. Her breath was warm on my ear as she whispered "You fuck me however you want, until you're ready to explode, and then pull out and finish in my mouth."

Every muscle in my body tightened. "Yeah? Here?"

"Yeah, here," she returned confidently. "You in? You ready to fuck me hard and deep and fast and blow a huge load in my mouth?"

"Fuck," I muttered, her dirty talk pushing all the right buttons. I sped up, slamming myself into her. She gasped and smacked my ass, her voice still in my ear. "You like pounding me, huh. You like the way I take that big dick. Mmm." She kissed me as I kept driving into her. "I like it too. I like when you start to lose control. When instincts take over and all you want to do is plow me and seed me. Oh, God, it's so fucking hot."

The more she said, the more turned-on I got. I was trying to stay in charge of the situation, but my cock was throbbing and she felt so good. And as far as I knew, somebody was going to come down the path any minute and hear my balls slapping against her ass, smell our sex, see us rutting like animals behind the bushes.

I lifted myself onto my arms to get a better angle, drilling into her forcefully, fast. It was better visibility-wise to keep a lower profile, but it was also harder to make long strokes, and I wanted to make her feel every inch of my dick. She stared up at me, eyes locked on mine, panting, thrusting with me.

After a moment, she pulled my head back down to whisper "I want you to get a little rough with me. Doggystyle so I can feel you deeper?"

I pulled out and rolled her over. She'd barely pushed up onto her hands and knees before I was back inside her, grabbing her hips and fucking her hard from behind. She arched her back, grabbed for my head. "Oh, fuck!" she squeaked, starting to lose control herself.

We were locked together, striving for release, starving for each other. I knew she was skeptical about it happening, but I wanted to make her cum again almost as much as I wanted to let loose in her mouth. I could feel her playing with her clit as I hammered her. Grabbing a fistful of her hair, I bent over, pulling her head back to meet me. "I'm gonna make you cum," I growled, and she moaned in response. "I don't care if it's while I'm fucking you or while I'm going off in your mouth or while I'm owning your pussy with my mouth again, but you are going to cum for me."

"Oh, I want to," she breathed, and I let go of her hair. She put her head back down. I bent over, holding myself up with my hands on her lower back as I slammed into her over and over again.

"You're going to feel me tomorrow," I told her. "Every time you sit down, you're going to think about me fucking you. You're going to think about me pounding you and you touching yourself and the blanket digging into your knees and-"

She gasped, then, and forced herself abruptly back on me. I felt her legs shaking as she came, and realized I couldn't wait either. Pulling out quickly, I ditched my shorts and drawers and moved to her head, guiding her mouth to my cock-

The feeling of her hot, wet mouth around my cock was indescribable. "Oh, fuck, yes," I moaned, louder than I intended to, "take it, fucking take me-"

Bobbing her head up and down, she started sucking me off in earnest, my slippery shaft moving in and out over and over, my fluids mixed with her saliva dripping off her chin as she blew me. The wet sounds of her mouth only heightened the intensity, and in seconds, I was almost ready to give her everything-

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," I warned her, "you're gonna make me cum, I'm gonna cum-"

"Mmm-hmm?" she hummed encouragingly, speeding up, mouth full of my cock. "Mmm-hmm!"

The knowledge of how badly she wanted it was the last straw. With a grunt, I let myself go, all muscles stiffening as I came hard, everything in my body coalescing into a single, sharp intensity. I spilled into her mouth, spasming over and over again as she continued sucking. After she'd swallowed the last of me, I flopped back to the ground. "Whoa."

She wiped her chin and laid down next to me on the blanket. "I love when you shoot in my mouth," she sighed contentedly.

I laughed and leaned down to kiss her on the mouth. "You're not the only one."

We smiled at each other a moment before she broke the silence. "Round 2 at home?"