 Author's Note: This is part 1 of a longer story. It starts off slowly but there's sex eventually.

*

Do you remember where you were when the Berlin Wall fell? I remember it well as I was getting shafted at work at that time. I was working for M_____ & W_____, a medium-sized import-export firm based in London as an associate, looking for promotion to senior associate. I was up against Mike Thornwood, the most brown-nosing, arrogant SOB that ever lived. Did you get the impression that I didn't like him? You would be right. Only one of us could become a senior associate and get on the partner-track, and of course Mike bloody Thornwood won. I couldn't stand to watch his condescending smile every day at work so I had made up my mind to leave the company. I typed up my resignation letter, too angry to even wait and look for another job first, and went looking for my boss.

His beautiful assistant, the leggy Maria, smiled sympathetically at me as I went past her into his office. 'I'd like to resign,' I said without preamble, sliding the envelope with my resignation letter on his desk towards him.

He ignored it, and looked at me speculatively. 'You've been with us, what, ten years?'

I nodded. I had joined the company straight out of college at the age of twenty two. That made me thirty-two, a thought that made me slightly depressed given that I had no girlfriend, I lived in a dump of an apartment in East London and I would be jobless as soon as my notice period was served.

'You are not married,' my boss said, a statement, not a question. He picked up my resignation letter and tore it without even taking it out of the envelope. I stared at him open-mouthed. Was he even allowed to do that? He dropped the pieces into the waste paper basket and said, 'I have a better offer for you.'

That's how I found myself a few months later, walking out of Musackva airport. The company had decided that the fall of the Berlin Wall meant that there were great opportunities in the post-communist world and I was now the head of the East European division - a title grander than it really was, given that the East European division was one office in the city of Musackva with one employee, an ex-soviet apartchik called Georgi. I had complete carte-blanche to run the office as I saw fit as long as I stayed within the generous budget of three hundred thousand pounds a year. Included in that was my own cost of one hundred thousand pounds a year because it included a hardship allowance and a house in a nice part of town. The office cost seventy thousand pounds a year and Georgi was on fifty. That meant I had eighty thousand a year to staff my division. That would be enough to hire two more employees, I thought. I vowed to make a success of it and show bloody Thornwood back home, who now had his own assistant, damn him. I had got a promise out of my boss that they would stick with the East European division for at least three years regardless of profits so I knew I had time.

I collected my bags from the belt and pushed my rusty, wonky trolley through the airport, with its fading walls and empty shops and came out of the airport. It felt as if I was walking into a freezer. It was cold, the trees were bare, the buildings drab. My god, it was depressing. It would take thirty years to sort out this place - not three. I saw a stocky middle-aged man holding a placard with my name and walked over to him. 'Georgi?' I asked.

'Yes, yes, Mr Fred,' he said and I already disliked him. He was oily and seemed shady. I decided that I was being hasty and should be more tolerant. As we drove to the house where I would be living, I asked him about the business and found that he had been doing nothing. He hadn't met a single client, he hadn't followed up any leads for importers and he hadn't set up any appointments for me to meet any suppliers. 'I have found the perfect assistant for you,' he said. 'Tomorrow, she come to office.'

'Why tomorrow?' I asked. 'Why not today?'

'Today? But you just arrive now. Take day off. I show you Musackva. Tomorrow you start office.'

I shook my head. I had three years and I was going to make the most of them. 'No, today,' I said.

Georgi seemed disgruntled, but I didn't care about that. We pulled up outside a large single-storey bungalow with a wall all round it. Georgi pushed a button on a remote and the gates opened. He handed it to me. 'This was Commisar's house,' he said proudly. 'I got for you.'

'It looks good,' I said, impressed. But inside, I was thinking that I didn't need a house this grand. An apartment in the city centre would have been sufficient, and perhaps more practical. He dropped me off outside the house. 'I change appointment for assistant interview,' he said, and left as soon as I took my suitcase out of the boot.

I stood there looking at the house. The front was stone and glass. Part of the house was on two storeys and part on one floor. The roof was made of red tiles. A garden surrounded it on all sides and the whole house was surrounded by a tall wall. It was very private. As I was wondering what to do, the door opened and out walked the most stunning woman I had ever seen. She had a beautiful round face, an impressive bust and the short skirt she was wearing showed off her long legs. She could easily be a model and I wondered if Georgi had dropped me off at the wrong house. She broke into a smile when she saw me and curtseyed. I am not kidding you. This beautiful girl actually bent at her knees and bobbed her head like I was some prince. It made me feel ten feet tall. 'Good Morning, Mr Fred,' she said. Her accent was charming, like the rest of her. The cat had got hold of my tongue, so I just nodded.

She pointed to herself and my eyes went straight past her finger to her chest. 'Me Natalya. Housekeeper,' she said, beaming.

I reluctantly looked away from her chest and at her face. She smiled and bent forward to pick up my suitcase. Hurriedly, I bent too and reached for the handle of the suitcase. My hand covered hers and an electric thrill ran through me at the cool touch of her skin. The front of Natalya's shirt had fallen forwards and I had a perfect view of her large, creamy boobs. My mouth went dry as I stared hungrily at them. I remembered that it had been celibate since I had broken up with my girlfriend almost a year ago. My cock hardened with desire and I hurriedly withdrew my hand. What was I doing? Perving on a girl I had just met! She must have seen what I was staring at, but she didn't seem to mind. 'Please let me carry it,' I said, but she just smiled and lifted the case.

Or at least she tried to, but it was too heavy for her. She tried again before she left it. Tears formed in her eyes. 'Sorry.'

'That's okay,' I said, patting her on the shoulder and picking up the suitcase. It was heavy even for me. After all, it was carrying everything I owned and hadn't got rid of in London. I handed my rucksack to Natalya and she smiled widely as she took it. 'Thank you, thank you,' she said. I had been brought up to let ladies go first and I was grateful for those manners as I walked behind her into the house, looking at her shapely ass as it moved under her thigh-high skirt. I whistled when I walked in. A hearth in front of a log fireplace dominated the large living room. An L-shaped sofa took up one corner. A deep shag-pile lay on the floor and tasteful paintings hung on the walls. 

Natalya turned to me and asked, 'You like?' I nodded and she smiled. 'I clean,' she said. She pointed me to the sofa and when I sat down, she picked up an envelope and handed it to me. Mystified, I slit it open and pulled out the letter inside. As I unfolded it, I glanced up and saw Natalya standing in front of me, her hands gripping each other. She looked very nervous which puzzled me even more. I started reading the letter. It was from the landlord, welcoming me to the house. I knew he was an ex-communist who had made a packet and moved to the French Riviera. Towards the end of the letter, I saw why Natalya was so nervous.

The house has an annexe for a housekeeper. The current housekeeper is Natalya Maletska. She will stay in the annexe and is available 24x6. She has one day off a week but you can decide which day that is. Her salary of 1000 Koruna is paid for the first month and it is up to you whether to keep her or not. If you intend to change the housekeeper, let her know within a week of moving in.

I looked up at Natalya. Her nervousness had increased while I had been reading the letter and I didn't understand it. One thousand Koruna was about one hundred and fifty pounds. Two hundred and a bit dollars in American money. A beauty like this girl should be able to sign up as a model and make fifty times as much. She silently handed me a handwritten note.

I don't know English but I am a hard worker. I will cook and clean and look after you very well. Please keep me as housekeeper.

That was a kicker. She was lovely to look at but would it be any good having a housekeeper who I couldn't communicate with? 'I am not sure,' I said, before I stopped, realising she wouldn't understand what I said anyway. She may not have understood what I had said but she definitely got the meaning of it. 

She fell to her knees in front of me and placed her hands on my knees. 'Please please,' she said. Then she started talking rapidly in her native tongue, clearly pleading her case. She saw my lack of comprehension and burst into tears.

Fuck me, I am just a man and I can't handle a woman crying, especially if she's good-looking. I took a deep breath and said, 'It's okay. I'll keep you.'

She continued weeping for a couple more seconds before her eyes widened. 'Keep me?' she asked.

I nodded and she squealed, her face covered in joy. She jumped up off the floor and on to my lap. She threw her hands round me and covered my face with kisses. Her soft boobs pressed against my chest. After a minute of this enjoyable exercise, she seemed to come to her senses. She leaned back and covered her mouth with her hands. 'Sorry,' she cried. I wasn't sorry.

She tried to slide off and my arm round her waist tightened, holding her back. I swear to you that it was totally instinctive and it completely changed my life. Until that point, I was a well-mannered modern man who respected women. Natalya tried to move again but my arm stopped her and she looked at me like a frightened fawn at bay. I was hard as steel and I wasn't thinking rationally. I kept my right hand round my waist and lifted my left hand and gripped the back of her head and pressed Natalya forward. Her lips were soft and I thrust my tongue out. She resisted for a brief moment before parting her lips and my tongue entered her sweet mouth. She moaned as I kissed her harder and her tongue slid against mine in an intimate duel. I kissed her for several minutes, plundering her mouth before I came to my senses. I put both my hands round her waist and stood her up. I got up as well. I was mortified. I had come to a foreign country and forced a girl I had just met to kiss me. Natalya could press charges against me for assault if she so chose. 'I am sorry,' I said.

'Not sorry,' Natalya said, with a smile. She stood on her tiptoes and kissed my cheek and sashayed out of the room, swaying her hips while I stood, staring open-mouthed at her.

An hour later I took a shower and changed into a suit. I was putting on my tie when there was a knock and Natalya came in. She came up to me and adjusted my tie. She stood very close and I put my arm round her and pulled her even closer. She moulded her body to mine willingly and raised her face to me, lips semi-parted. I french-kissed her, tongue to tongue, and my hand dropped down her back to her bottom. I squeezed her ass and pushed her against my hard cock leaving her in no doubt about my state of excitement. When we stopped, her eyes were heavy-lidded and she was breathing heavily. 'Wow,' I said.

Natalya just smiled shyly. I picked her up and she screamed in fright and pressed herself to me, flinging her arms round my neck. I kissed her again and carried her to the bed. I lay her down and her legs separated. Her skirt rode up, exposing her white knickers. I rubbed a finger along her soft cleft and Natalya closed her eyes. Her pussy was radiating heat like a furnace and the musky fragrance of her arousal filled my nostrils. Just then Georgi honked from outside and Natalya groaned in frustration and closed her legs and got off the bed. I had already taken a dislike of Georgi but now I hated him. His timing was atrocious.

The office was spacious and had room for expansion. It had two cabins on either end with an open plan floor in the middle with desks for at least ten staff members. One cabin was Georgi's and he led me to the other. I was impressed. The room was large with a table and a sofa. There was a door at the far end and Georgi opened it to show me that I had my own personal washroom. My office here was far more impressive than a partner's office back in London. And far more private too, because the walls weren't glass. I sat on the swivel chair behind the desk and Georgi said that he would send the candidate for the assistant's post.

A woman in her forties walked in, without knocking, which annoyed me. Marja was short and fat, not that I should be judging a candidate on her physical attributes. It was difficult to communicate with her because her English wasn't very good and I didn't think I could work with her. Georgi had said that Marja's salary would be 12000 Koruna a month which seemed excessive to me given that her qualifications were nothing special and Natalya was grateful for a job paying 1000 Koruna. I mentally transformed the money into English pounds - 12000 Koruna was about 2000 pounds, which was a pretty good salary for an executive assistant in London. I smiled at Marja and said that we would get back to her.

Georgi came in after she left with papers to sign. 'What is this?' I asked.

'Marja's appointment letter,' he said.

I frowned. 'I've decided not to hire her.'

'Not hire?'

I nodded. 'That's right. She's not good enough.'

Georgi's face turned purple. His fist crumpled the appointment letter and for a brief moment I thought he would hit me. With a struggle, he controlled himself. 'You have to hire,' he said.

I shook my head. 'No, I don't have to hire anyone. I am in charge and I will decide whom to hire.'

He stared at me for a moment, his jaws grinding, before he turned abruptly and strode out of the office. My heart was racing as I sat down in the chair, adrenaline from the encounter coursing through my system. I took a deep breath and called my boss in London. Once we had exchanged small chat about my trip and how I found the place, I said, 'Things are bad here. It'll take longer than we think to make this place profitable.'

'Fred, you should know that after you left, Mike tried to get your section closed. He said exactly what you are saying now. The ex-communist countries are hell holes. It'll be years, if ever, the office will be profitable. He said that we should cut our losses and close the place down. I managed to swing the board to the view that nine hundred thousand pounds spread out over three years wasn't a huge gamble and the potential rewards were high. So I don't want you to repeat what you just said to me to anyone else.'

'Yes boss,' I said. 'I am going to work my socks off and show that bloody Thornwood.'

'That's the spirit. Make a success of it and you could even beat him to partner.'

To be successful, I needed good staff. I didn't know anything about this country and I didn't know what Georgi's game was, but I couldn't rely on him. A sudden thought struck me. I had to get back home. I realised then that I needed my own wheels. I remembered seeing a sign, so I closed the office with the set of keys that Georgi had given me and walked out on to the street. At the far end there was an Avis office. With no staff, we weren't spending much money, so I indulged myself and hired a top of the range Mercedes for a week. I grabbed a map from them and had the clerk draw the route to my house with a highlighter - this was in the days before satnav. It felt great to be behind the wheel of such a great motor.

Natalya's eyes widened when she saw me get down from the car. 'Mercedes?' she said, in an awed voice. I winked at her and she came up to me and kissed me on the cheek. She took my briefcase. I followed her into the house with my hand on her ass. As soon as we were inside, I took her by the shoulders and kissed her. Surprisingly, she pushed me away and guided me to the sofa. Puzzled, and frustrated, I sat down grumpily. She put the briefcase down carefully on a small table and left the room. As I was wondering what she was doing, she came back with a tumbler of whisky on the rocks. She handed it to me and stood in front of me, looking nervous. 'You like?' she asked.

I took a sip and nodded. She smiled and sank to her knees in front of me. Her skirt rode up her thighs and my eyes were drawn to her legs. She reached out and started pulling on my shoelaces. I jerked my legs back. 'What are you doing?' I asked.

'Shhh...' she said, soothingly. She pointed to the glass and mimed drinking. I sat back and sipped the single-malt. It went smoothly down my throat. Meanwhile, Natalya unlaced my shoes and pulled them off. She unrolled my socks and then massaged my toes. I sighed, thinking that this was the life. I raised my foot and pressed against her boobs. She met my eyes and smiled impishly before leaning back, with her palms flat on the floor behind her and thrusting her chest out. I ran my feet on her boobs, pressing the spongy globes. The cotton shirt felt extremely sexy against my soles. I used my big toes to press against where I imagined her nipples would be and sure enough, they soon popped up like little buttons. I lowered my feet and rested them on her bare thighs. Natalya obligingly spread her knees and I ran the front of my toe along her knickers repeating my action from earlier in the afternoon. Luckily this time there was no interruption. 'Come here,' I said, my voice thick with lust.

She leaned forward and put her hand on my thighs and ran them up. She felt my hard cock and gave it a squeeze. It was my turn to groan. She reached the zipper of my flies and ran it down. I rose and undid my trousers and she pulled them down along with my underwear. My cock stood up, hard and proud. Her fingers felt warm and I twitched as she stroked me. She looked up at me and I nodded. 'Take him into your mouth,' I said.

Natalya didn't know English, but she sure knew what I wanted. She took the head of my cock in her warm and wet mouth. Her tongue ran against the head and I groaned again and put one hand on the back of her head, not pressing, but just there. She went deeper until she had taken half my cock in her mouth before she stopped. I pushed her head forward and she choked, coughing. I let her go and she let go of my cock completely. She coughed some more, wiped her streaming eyes with the back of her hand and said, 'Sorry. Next time I try harder.'

Oh wow, so this was not a one-time thing! I smiled and she took my cock back in her mouth. This time I let her drive. She was a divine cocksucker, alternating between paying attention to the head and taking me deeper. I closed my eyes and gave myself up to the feel of her mouth and tongue. She eventually let go of my cock and licked my ball sac. I groaned once more at the exquisite pleasure and she took one of my balls in her mouth and sucked gently. Eventually I had enough and gripped her hair and pulled her off. I stood up and she stood with me.

'You are such a slut,' I told her and slapped her gently on her cheek. I turned her around, bent her forward and flipped her skirt up. I stroked her ass cheeks with my hand and spanked her. 'Oww..' she screamed, more in surprise than pain. I spanked her again and my hand left a red print on her pale ass. I pulled her knickers down and now I saw her beautiful pussy for the first time, framed between her ass cheeks as she bent over. I wanted to lick her, but I wanted to do something else even more. I lined my erect cock against her soft cleft and entered her cunt with one smooth thrust. She was dripping wet and that was the only reason I was able to fuck her tight pussy. She supported herself on the back of the sofa as I fucked her hard, thrusting in and out. I could feel every ripple of her cunt muscles. I reached forward and took her hanging globes in my hands. I squeezed her tits, then ripped her shirt until the buttons popped. I pulled her bra cups down until her tits were exposed and I took them in my hands. I would have liked to say that I fucked her for a long time, but the truth is that I didn't last long. A couple of minutes at the most of riding her while holding her tits drove me over the edge and I came hard in her, shooting my cum into her cunt.
