 It was a hot summer day and I had just gotten done working in my gardens. I decided that I would take a shower and head out for a beer for the night. After making a few phone calls 

And not being able to find anyone to go out with I took my shower and got ready.

I usually go to this one bar after work because the bartender was incredibly gorgeous, so I thought that I would start my night out there and then whatever happened, Happened.

When I got to the bar Mike looked bothered by something. I asked if everything was ok, and he told me I didn't want to know. So I left it at that.

He poured me a beer and a shot. Which I didn't ask for the shot! But I did it anyways.

"Why Mike, I do believe you are trying to get me drunk already! I guess I finally wore you down." I said to him. He laughed which made me happy because I had been flirting with him for over 6 months to no avail.

"Hmmm he said that might be just what I need tonight. But I don't know if you could handle me..." he said with a devilish grin.

"No I think it's the other way around I don't think you can handle me." I replied.

"Well let's just see about that!" 

He walked out from behind the bar, closed the door and locked it and shut the lights out.

I didn't turn around to see what he was doing because I never though in a million years that he would even be interested in me. 

He walked up behind me and slid his hand up under my shirt to my breasts, and moved my hair off my neck kissing the nape of my neck. I moaned because well everyone has got a spot or two. Mine are my nape of my neck and inner thighs.

"Do you like that?" he asked

All that I could say was "Mmmm"

He pulled his hand out of my shirt and spun my stool around, sliding in between my legs

He pressed his body so tight against mine, his hard cock was digging into my crotch.

Kissing me long and hard plunging his tongue deep into my mouth. I put my hands on his ass. Guiding him closer to my crotch. At this point I'm so fucking happy that I wore a miniskirt. 

He slid my shirt up over my head. Running his fingers over the edges of my bra he slid my tits out of their holder. He softly nibbled on my nipples the one then the other. Then he stepped back away from me and instructed to get up. I obliged. While I was standing there he took off his clothes.

There before me stood a man that I have fantasized over and masturbated over these fantasies of being with him. I almost wanted to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming. He was perfect in every aspect. His nipples were pierced with gold rings in them. I guided my eyes down his body and he had the most perfect looking cock I have ever seen in my life. 

He walked over to me got down on his knees and started to kiss my belly. While his was kissing my tummy he unbuttoned my skirt and slid it down off of my hips. I felt his warm tongue kissing me lower. I'm starting to get wet with anticipation over what is about to happen. 

He made a comment on how my skin tasted, as he was sliding my panties off. Once they were off he guided his tongue just to the edge of my clit, teasing it. And driving me crazy!!! Then, slowly worked his way back up my body. He took my hand and let me to the table across from the bar, it was just the right height. I sat on the edge wrapping my legs around his waist his perfect dick had no other place to go other than into my hot pulsing cunt. As I felt him go in slow, he sighed with delight. I slid my arms under his and wrapped my arms over his shoulders. He took my head into his hands and started kissing me softly. Sucking and biting at my lip. Fucking me harder and harder with every thrust I could feel myself beginning to get wet. 

I reached down with my tongue and licked his nipples just barely touching the tip of my tongue to his nipples. He moaned "Yes that feels so good!, You feel good." with that said he fucked me harder and deeper. I was ready to cum. "Your getting wetter and hotter, it makes me want to fuck you til you scream." he said.

" Then do it." as he laid me back on the table. Grinding all 10"'s of his shaft deep in me, hitting the top of hot and throbbing cunt. I exploded. I tried not to but I just couldn't help it. He leaned forward and sucked on my nipples as I came. I could feel his thrust getting faster and harder. I knew he was ready to blow now to. With every thrust I thrust forward to meet his. Our bodies made a smacking noise and we hit. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders allowing my tits to meet his skin, my nipples hard as a rock from his sucking on them.

We stared into each eyes as we both became to climax together. It was very intense. As I reached the top of my climax, he plunged his tongue deep into my mouth, I pulled him into me and he pumped himself in and out of me.

"Wow!" he said 

"I have to agree with you on that one Mike, but you do realize that you've probably got about 50 people outside waiting to get in here?" I said.

"They can wait."

Just then the phone rang, then the someone was banging on the door. We hurried around the bar picking up personal belongings and wiping down bars and tables. I slipped out the back door and left before he opened everything up.

I went to my truck to readjust makeup and clothing. Then headed back in,

Only to have 5 people laugh and say "Why did you come in the front way. We know what you were doing." Mike and I just looked at each other and laughed.

I acted as if nothing happened. Sat down and ordered a drink. When Mike served it to me there was a note on the napkin. 

It said "Thank you for making all my dreams come true. Can you please meet me after I get off work?" Love M

I shook my head yes.