 It felt so good standing under the hot water of the shower, Ted thought rinsing the soap from his body. Glancing through the clear shower door into the bedroom, he could see his wife Patti making the bed.

Damn, she looked so sexy in that little white nightie, it sure didn't cover much. He watched her lean over the end of the bed straightening the blankets. "Ummm," he whispered feeling his cock throb. 

He knew he didn't have much time to get ready for work, he reached down and stroked his cock. "Fuck it," he thought to himself, "so what if I'm a little late, I'm usually there before anybody else anyway."

Ted did love the way she leaned over the bed. The hem of her nightie sliding up above her ass. He could just see her pussy through her sheer white panties, "Hon, could you come here for a second," he called to her. He needed her mouth on his cock.

"Yep, be right there."

He didn't care if he was late, he had to have her and right now. Just the thought of her hot, mouth made his cock jerk.

"Is there something you need baby?" Patti asked walking into the steamy bathroom.

"Yep," he told her opening the shower door, "I need you right now," he said reaching for her hand he pulled her into the shower. "come'ere."

"Honey." she said surprised, before he cut her off by kissing her passionately. Pushing her up against the shower wall. Patti reached up and put her hands on his shoulders, she didn't care that she had her night clothes on. "I'm getting all wet," she whispered looking up at him.

Ted didn't answer her he just stepped back, he could see her tits through the wet material of her nightie. Her nipples were already hard. Leaning down he took her right nipple into his mouth, sucking it through the thin material. He heard her gasp when he gently bit down on her sensitive nipple.

Reaching up he pulled the straps of her nightie off of her shoulders, exposing her tits. Ted continued to tease her tits, sucking the drops of water from the tips of her nipples. He heard and felt her gasp when he flicked his tongue across her right nipple, while squeezing her left breast.

Ted was just in one of those moods. He was just super horny, and he knew he would have a difficult time concentrating on his work today. He knew that they were having two very important meetings that he could not miss. He would give anything to stay home and just play with his wife all day. He was going to be about 20 minutes late for work as it was.

He would have to be satisfied with his wife licking and sucking the cum out of his cock. It's not that he didn't want to feel his cock inside of her tight, wet pussy he just didn't have time. 

He also knew it wasn't fair to her, for her to get him off and not get any sexual release herself. He would make it up to her when he got home, she looked so hot and sexy standing there with her nightie soaking wet. He continued to suck her nipples one after the other, feeling their hardness in his mouth.

"Ahh, yes," she moaned putting her hands in his hair, holding his mouth on her tit. The feeling of him sucking and flicking his tongue all over her nipple made her pussy throb. "Honey," she said with a sigh, "mmm, you're going to be late for work."

"I don't care," he said looking at her. Ted just kept sucking one nipple, while pinching the other one. Finally he couldn't stand it any longer, he had to feel her mouth on his dick.

He backed away from her, looking down at her, "Service my cock," he told her putting his hands on her shoulders and gently pushing her to her knees. "suck me."

Not saying a word Patti went to her knees. She saw that he already had a hard on. She reached for his cock. Licking her lips, she couldn't wait to taste his cock, feel it in her mouth.

"Do it, suck me now." he told her putting his hand under her chin, making her look up at him.

Patti stroked his cock, feeling the hardness, wanting it in her mouth. Looking up at him she leaned in and nibbled the shaft of his cock, up and down. She loved the feel and taste of his cock, feeling the hardness in her hand. 

"Fuck," Ted groaned looking down at her, watching her taking just the tip of her tongue and running on the underside of his cock from the base to the tip. "damn," he moaned when she nibbled that sensitive spot right under the head. "babe, please take my cock," he almost begged her, feeling her licking up and down the shaft of his stiff cock. His cock was rock hard, throbbing.

Patti glanced up at him, she could see that he needed her mouth on his throbbing dick. Taking her time she slowly licked from the base of his cock to the head, teasing him. Gently she took his balls into her hand, caressing them. Knowing she would suck the cum out of them. "Hmmm," she whimpered, licking her way to his balls.

"Suck my cock," he told her forcefully, holding her head in his hands he felt her take one of his balls into her mouth. His cock was so hard it hurt, he needed her to suck the cum from his balls. "do it," he groaned grabbing handfuls of her hair and pulling her mouth off of the boys as he called them. 

"Who's your slut?" she asked looking up at him, finally licking his cock from his balls to the head of his cock. She knew she was being a tease, and she would probably be punished for it later, she licked a drop of precum from the head of his cock.

"You are my love, only you." he moaned pushing his cock between her lips, she finally took his cock into her hot mouth. "yes, oh yes suck me." he begged her watching her take him as deeply as she could.

Patti loved the taste of Ted's cock in her mouth, the taste of his precum. She took him deeply, felt him holding her head tightly between his hands. In and out she took his cock, sucking him at the same time. 

"Oh yeah, that's my good girl," he groaned loudly, watching her making love to his cock. He had never known another woman who loved to suck cock like she did. It didn't matter where they were, at home or in the car, she had even sucked him off at their wedding reception. 

Ted fucked her mouth, in and out slow and steady, felt her putting pressure on his throbbing cock. He usually didn't care for quickies, but he needed to cum so bad. He had awoke this morning with a raging hard on, he just wasn't in the mood to jerk off in the shower. 

"Yeah, suck me dry." he whispered looking down and watching her making love to his cock. Realizing he didn't have a lot of time, he fucked her mouth. 

Patti sucked his cock, doing her best to satisfy him, she felt her pussy throb when he fucked deeply into her mouth. She let his cock slip from her mouth, nibbling his cock up and down. She would get him right to the edge, then she would tease him, letting his feelings subside some and then starting all over again. Patti knew this was one thing that drove him crazy. 

"Baby, please," he moaned feeling her nibbling the shaft of his cock, he was so close. Ted held her head in his hands and forced his cock back into her mouth. He didn't mean to be so rough with her but he needed to cum. "Yeah, take my cock, suck me," he told her fucking into her mouth, faster and deeper he fed her his cock.

Patti was struggling to breathe, she could tell he was getting close, felt him holding her down on his dick. She was doing her best to bring him off, knowing he had to go to work. 

"Oh my god, yes," he groaned loudly, feeling the familiar point of no return, "do it babe," he looked down at her, watching her making love to his cock. 

She didn't just suck him, she made love to his cock, taking her time. Licking, nibbling, slowly teasing him. He felt as if his cock were on fire, she was making him feel so good. He would be sure to take care of her when he got home tonight.

She finally had to pull away from his cock, just for a second. She looked up at him, stroking him. Patti felt his cock throbbing in her hand, "Cum for me." she told him, leaning down lower and licked his balls, one after the other. 

She knew she was being such a tease, she was hoping that maybe he would have time to fuck her in the shower. Even if he just pinned her against the shower wall and fingered her tight pussy, making her cum.

"Fuck," he tells her grabbing her by her hair he pulls her mouth back to his cock, "make me cum." With that said Ted forced his cock back into her mouth.

He fucks her mouth as if he had never had a mouth on his dick. "Oh yeah, do it suck me." he groans loudly feeling that point of no return, he can feel her lips tightly around the head of his cock.

In and out she takes his cock, letting him fuck her mouth, she had to admit she was getting turned on. She did love when he got forceful with her, taking him as deeply as she can she felt him holding her down so she couldn't move. All she could do was take his cock as deeply and forcefully as he wanted to give it to her.

Ted realized he was getting a bit rough with her, he would never do anything on purpose to hurt her. He just couldn't control himself, she was making him feel so good. Damn, he hadn't had a blow job this good in awhile.

His cock got even harder in her mouth, he buried his cock in her throat. "Fuck, oh fuck so good." he looked down at her, felt her sucking his cock like her life depended on it.

Patti was struggling to breathe, but she didn't care. She wanted his cum in her mouth. She wanted to satisfy him, she needed to make him cum.

"Aww, yeah, oh yeah," Ted moaned loudly not able to hold back any longer, "Ahhh, take my cum, swallow it," he said filling her hot, mouth with his cum. "Ugghhh, oh fuck yeah." he finally said pulling his spent dick from her mouth. 

Gasping for air, Patti looked up at him, trying to stand on shaky legs, he helped her up.

"Damn honey, that was great." he said taking her into his arms, hugging her tightly. He felt bad that he didn't have time to make love with her and bring her off. It wasn't very often that he just needed to cum and not give her satisfaction in return.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," she said, wondering if he would bring her to a climax or would she have to take care of herself, "can't you just stay home today?" she asked needing him to make love with her.

"I really wish I could honey," he said feeling bad that he had to leave her, "but I've got those two big meetings."

"Alright," she said reaching behind him and turning the water off, "I understand."

"Honey, don't be mad." he said knowing he had hurt her feelings, it wasn't often that he just needed to be satisfied. "I promise I'll make it up to you later."

"I'm not mad," she said pulling her wet nightie off and slipping her panties down her legs. "You owe me," she said with a sweet smile, stepping out of the shower. She wrapped herself into a giant towel.

"You know I will take care of you baby," he told her reaching for her.

"I know you will." she said turning to walk away, "you'd better hurry or you'll be late."

He watched her walk away, "Baby don't be mad." She might not be mad at him but she wasn't exactly happy right at this moment.

"Fuck," he said to himself reaching for a towel, he would do his best to get home early and devote the night to pleasing and taking care of his wife. He knew how much she did for him and never complained when he had to work a lot of late nights, she was always ready to take care of him and his needs.

"Hey, are you still mad at me?" Ted asked walking into the kitchen fifteen minutes later, realizing he had to get a move on to get to work in time for his first meeting.

"No, I'm not mad at you," Patti said sitting at the kitchen table, checking her email. "Your coffee is ready on the counter."

"Thank you honey," he said, not sure what kind of mood she was in. He could kick himself for not getting her off in the shower earlier. "You're not upset with me?"

"No, I'm not upset honey." she said glancing up from the laptop, "you'd better hurry or you'll be really late." 

"Yeah, I guess so." he said leaning down and kissing the top of her head. "I love you baby."

"I love you too," she told him getting up to walk him to the door. "have a good day."

"I'll try," Ted said taking her into his arms for a kiss, "do you know how lucky I am to be married to you?"

"I'm the lucky one," she told him, "you'd better get going or your boss will raise hell." she said handing him his mug of hot coffee.

"Yep," he turned back to her, "be a good girl today."

"I will, I promise." Patti watched him get into the car and wave goodbye to her.

Ted backed out of the driveway, he rolled down the window, "I LOVE YOU!" he yelled as loud as he could, he wanted the whole neighborhood to know how he felt about his wife.

"I LOVE YOU TOO!" she called back to him, watching him drive away.