 As he parked his car in his driveway, he felt a little irritated. Returning at noon from a morning of running errands he realized it had been too long since he'd spent any time with female companionship. At forty five Dave was self employed, twice divorced, and had no kids to visit on the weekends, no girlfriend to distract him, and it had been at least six months since he'd had the girl from the "companionship" service over for an evening of paid pleasure. Sure, he could probably find a woman his own age for a relationship, but he had been down that road with his wives and knew it wouldn't be something that would appeal to him for very long. Maybe he'd call the service again, see if he could get that same girl again, Anna, her name was, she was young 23 she'd told him though she looked younger. 

The first time he called the service they asked him a bunch of questions and then matched him with what they called, "the perfect date." They hadn't been far off; apparently he was an obvious pervert, preferring women barely out of their teens to service him. Anna had been about 5 foot four and had shown up wearing a denim mini skirt with a cami top (no bra or panties) her breasts were small and perky, her skin smooth as silk. She had played the part well, feeding his fantasies talking about school and teachers as if she had just returned from a day at the local high school. His cock twitched in his pants, as he thought about her lips frosted with cherry lip gloss, though she acted inexperienced, she had sucked his cock with gusto and begged him to teach her things. Best $500 I ever spent. He thought and as he let himself into his house, he heard splashing coming from the other side of the neighbor's fence. 

Husband and wife had gone away for the weekend leaving their daughter home, she had returned for the summer after her freshman year of college and the husband had asked him to keep an eye out for any unusual activity. He had promised to make sure she stayed safe and no parties were held. The kitchen echoed its emptiness as he closed the front door and he jogged up the stairs to his bedroom. From the second floor he could see over the fence and onto the pool deck. Seeing the pool empty he spotted the daughter, Kelsey on a chaise lounge, her skin still wet from her recent plunge. She appeared to be alone and enjoying some early afternoon sunbathing. Wearing a black string bikini, Dave saw her long tanned legs and flat stomach; the top had two small triangles of fabric held together with silver chain. 

God I'm horny, Dave thought as his eyes lingered over the young fresh body by the pool. His cock was now fully awake, jutting against the front of his athletic shorts painfully. He wondered silently if she had one of those "tramp stamps" on her back, like most of the girls nowadays, the tattoos that seemed to be a growing trend turned him on immensely when he saw them at the mall peaking out from the top of those low-rise jeans. As if she heard his thoughts, Kelsey sat up and turned over on the lounge chair, though he was too far away to make out what the tattoo was, he could see the smudge of ink above the top of the bikini bottom, even better was the fact that the bottoms were not full coverage, giving him a view of her perfect round ass cheeks. He moaned softly thinking to himself that he'd love to rub his cock right there, and without realizing what he was doing, Dave found himself pulling his cock free from his shorts. 

I need to get laid, he thought as he stroked himself absentmindedly. He continued to stare at Kelsey imaging his cock trailing the smooth skin of her ass, his hands on her small breasts pinching the pink nipples then licking them. He was just getting warmed up when the neighbors sliding glass door opened and a young man stepped onto the pool deck. Kelsey sat up and waved to the newcomer, Dave held his breath, hoping she wouldn't go inside with the boy; he let out a sigh when the boy walked over to the lounge chair and stood in front of Kelsey. Dave couldn't make out their conversation and thought that opening the window might draw attention to his voyeurism. He waited with his hand on his cock, praying that she didn't leave at least until he'd managed to jerk off, as Kelsey and the boy continued their conversation. Dave turned around and opened his bedside table drawer pulling out a tube of lubricant; he squirted a dollop in his hand and focused his attention on the back yard again while wrapping his lube-covered hand around his throbbing cock. 

He must have missed something important in that short time his eyes were away from the window, because now the two were standing, kissing deeply and the boy was untying the string bikini top freeing Kelsey's perfect little breasts. Kelsey let her top drop to the concrete, and began pulling and tugging at the boys shorts, Holy Shit! Dave thought, and gripped his cock shaft harder. He stroked himself faster now, watching the scene between the two lovers play out below him, the boy seemed to be a bit on the selfish side, not paying Kelsey much attention and instead letting her do all the work, his shorts were around his ankles and his hands on her breasts, now Dave was praying they didn't take the party inside, Dave's cock throbbed and ached for release in his hand, his heart pounding as he waited to see what would happen next. Kelsey took a half a step back from the boy, hands on his shoulders she turned him slightly toward Dave's house, improving Dave's view of the boy's own hard member. Dave held his breath again praying that she would get on her knees. Again it was as if she was reading Dave's mind, she dropped to her knees in front of the boy, taking his cock into her mouth, he saw her lick his cock head once, twice and then the boys cock disappeared into her sexy little mouth. The boy had his hands in her hair urging her to take him deeper, he saw Kelsey cup the boys balls in her hands and her knew the kid wasn't going to last long, Dave stroked his own cock faster and faster feeling the cum building in his balls, he was moaning now, and then he saw Kelsey pull her face back slightly, tongue out the boy shot a wad of cum all over her face and tongue and the sight of it pushed Dave over the edge. "Fuck!" he whispered as his own cock shot cum out all over his bedroom rug. He was sweating and breathing heavy, cum dripping from the end of his cock all over the front of his shorts and the rug. 

Sweet mother of God, he thought, that was the best orgasm I've had in a long time. Dave continued to watch as the boy pulled his shorts up and Kelsey wiped her face on a towel. Though she had yet to put her bikini top back on she sat on the lounge chair talking to the boy who still towered over her. Kelsey lay back on the chair and gazed up at the boy, a smile on her face as she held out her hand. Dave was shocked when the boy pulled cash from his back pocket and laid it in Kelsey's hand. She tossed the money on the table next to her chair and laughed at something the boy was saying as he walked back toward the slider door. Dave began cleaning himself up though he was still staring at the topless Kelsey, her pink nipples clearly visible in contrast the white skin of her breasts, Dave heard the boys truck start and pull away from Kelsey's house. She lifted her head up off the chair and looked over at Dave's house, her eyes seemed to lock onto his bedroom window, and Dave's heart nearly stopped.

Oh Fuck! He thought, Busted. Kelsey stood up and Dave's mind began running all sorts of scenarios, most of which would end with him in handcuffs, still topless and facing Dave's window, a smile spread across Kelsey's face and she waved up at Dave. Not sure what else to do, Dave gave a small half wave back, his heart still pounding as he sat/half-collapsed onto his bed. Dave's hand were shaking now, she'd known he was watching! 

Oh shit, he thought, I'm going to jail. Dave's mind continued to race through the possible excuses he could give for watching the neighbor's barely legal daughter half naked by the pool as she performed fellatio on her boyfriend. 

Five-minutes passed and Dave's heart rate began to return to normal. Dave swore to himself that he would not do anything like that again, as he walked into the master bath and turned the shower on. He shucked off his shorts and pulled his shirt over his head, standing naked in front of the sink Dave took stock of himself. At 5'11" he still had a trim build, years of sports and afternoons at the gym kept him in shape, his hair had a dusting of gray throughout and he kept it trimmed short. He was clean-shaven, and there weren't too many wrinkles despite his years. Some crow's feet around his blue eyes, his cock hung limply in front of him now, but he knew from past experience that it wouldn't be long before he could get hard again. He stepped into the shower, still playing the wave from Kelsey over in his mind, and praying to any god that would listen to keep him out of jail and off the sex offender registry. He scrubbed himself in the shower rinsing the dried cum from his pecker, letting the cold water run hoping it would cure at least some of his horniness for now. He wrapped a towel around his waist and walked back into the bedroom to get a clean change of clothes. Passing the window, he couldn't help but look at the chair Kelsey had been in, but she was gone now. Somewhat disappointed Dave dressed in khaki shorts and a polo shirt. Though he knew it was wrong, Dave hoped he'd see her again. 

Dave tried to concentrate on the tasks at hand for the rest of the afternoon, he paid bills, did laundry and vacuumed his living room, but his mind kept drifting back to Kelsey. It was agonizing not knowing if she was going to call the police on him for his peeping tom behavior, or maybe she'd just tell her father. 

Wouldn't that be interesting, Dave thought, I was only doing what you asked me too, watching for "unusual activity." Dave chuckled to himself. Yeah right.

The rest of the afternoon passed quickly for Dave, he thought about calling the service to send someone out tonight, but he knew he wouldn't be able to concentrate and the $500 would be wasted. He silently wondered how much Kelsey had charged to nameless boy for the blowjob she'd expertly administered earlier. Just the passing thought of paying Kelsey for a BJ had Dave's cock instantly hard, straining at his shorts as he wiped down his kitchen counters. He knew he'd be beating his meat again tonight, maybe throw in a porn DVD he hadn't watched yet, he had ordered a new one "College Sluts Vol. 12" that seemed to be calling his name lately. Though sometimes the porn was really disappointing when he found that they'd used much older women and tried to pass them off as college girls. But his options were limited at the moment, though he had no doubt that if he closed his eyes and replayed the pool scene, he could come very quickly. Sighing Dave adjusted his rock hard pecker inside his shorts and opened the refrigerator. He removed the single steak he had planned to grill for his dinner tonight and set it on the counter just as he heard a small firm knock on the side door. Looking down to make sure his hard-on wasn't evident, Dave crossed the kitchen and opened the door. 

"Hi Mr. Cashman." Kelsey stood on Dave's porch dressed in short denim shorts and a tight white t-shirt. 

"Hi Kelsey." Dave nearly choked at the sight of her. "Anything wrong?"

"Nope just hoping to talk to you if you aren't busy." She shifted her weight from foot to foot as she stood there not really looking him in the eye. Her t-shirt was stretched tight over her small tits; Dave could see lace trim on the bra she was wearing. The hem of the t-shirt stopped just above the belt of her shorts leaving an inch of tanned belly exposed. 

"Come on in." Dave invited, his insides were shaking like jell-o wondering what this little visit was all about. Even shaking with fear could not stop Dave from taking close up notice of the tramp stamp as she walked by him, a butterfly perfectly centered in the small of her back, her jean shorts barely covered her ass round and firm, Dave felt his cock twitching for release from the confinement of his shorts. 

Kelsey took a seat at the breakfast bar at the kitchen island and Dave stepped safely to the other side of the island hiding his growing erection from view. 

"Do you want a Coke or something?" He asked with his heart pounding in his chest he tried to act casual, forcing himself to look at her face and not at the lace peaking out of the v-neck of her shirt.

"Sure." She smiled shyly at him from her seat.

"Ice?" he questioned as he retrieved a glass from the cabinet.

"Yes please." she looked so sweet and innocent sitting there as he pushed the image of her deep throating the nameless boy's cock out of his mind. He dropped three ice cubes into a glass and set the coke can and glass in front of her. She popped the top and poured the soda into the glass still not meeting his eyes. 

"What would you like to talk about?" he asked swallowing hard and his cock twitched again in his pants, he mindlessly wiped the counter again, trying to keep from readjusted his package.

"Well...um," she took a large swallow of coke from the glass, "I was hoping...that well...what you saw earlier, by the pool. You know me and Brian." she was blushing now the pink flush creeping from her neck into her cheeks. She bit her lower lip and waited for him to acknowledge what she'd said.

"Brian is your boyfriend?" he asked.

"Sort of...we have an agreement." She looked down into the glass of coke and took a deep breath, "listen I was hoping that I could convince you to keep what you saw to yourself, not tell my parents. They wouldn't understand."

"They don't know you have a boyfriend?" Trying to sound understanding, Dave's heart skipped a beat; she was worried he'd tell on her? Holy crap! Relief flooded through him.

"Well, he isn't really a boyfriend." She looked him in the eye finally, "he pays me to ... well you saw." The blush deepened slightly.

Dave chuckled slightly, "I won't tell a soul." he promised.

Suddenly Kelsey's shoulders relax and she sighed deeply. 

"Oh God, thank you so much, Mr. Cashman." The relief was evident as her eyes widened and she grinned at him. 

"Please, call me Dave." He invited, and then against his better judgment, "How much did you charge him?"

"Thirty." she answered without shame.

"You should have charged him more." Dave smiled at her; this innocent little thing sitting at his kitchen counter had charged only half what the professional girls got. "It's not like he did anything for you."

"Yeah, that's true." she answered, "We've had this arrangement for a while, his girlfriend doesn't do oral." Kelsey sipped more of her coke and Dave cracked open a beer, leaning on the counter, he could still feel the stiffness in his pants, trying to draw him closer to the girl like a magnet. 

"Pity for him." Dave commented, "You seem to like it though." She laughed and relaxed some more. 

"Since we are being honest with each other Dave," lowering her eyes again, "Do you mind if I ask you something?"

"What's that?" he sipped some more of his beer.

"Did you, uh ...you know, get any enjoyment out of it?" She raised her eyebrows at him. 

Now it was Dave's turn to blush, the heat rising in his cheeks.

"Yes." he answered honestly.

"Tell me?" her voice was soft and hushed now, the shyness creeping back as the air in the room turned dangerously electric. 

"I...uh jerked off while I watched." Ashamed as he was to admit it Dave knew it was what she wanted to hear, "It was unbelievably sexy watching you like that." Dave looked up expecting to see disgust on her face, but instead she looked thrilled. She smiled at him again, her eyes sparkled and Dave wondered if he'd completely lost his mind. His cock was throbbing incessantly now, aching for release and he couldn't help but stare at her lips soft and shiny with gloss. Momentarily lost in the desire to slide his cock over her lips and feel her tongue caressing his shaft, Dave moaned audibly at the fantasy. He started a bit when she slid off the barstool; his fantasy interrupted as she stepped around the counter and faced him. Kelsey bit her lower lip in a sign of slight indecision then with a deep breath she committed to the last step toward Dave. 

Her hands were shaking as she reached for his belt; coming back to reality Dave reached for her hands to stop her. 

"You don't have to do this." He said, "I promise I won't tell." It took every ounce of strength he had to hold back when all he wanted was to fuck her mouth right there in the kitchen. She looked at him, confused.

"I want to do this." she stated with conviction, "I've never been with anyone ...like you before."

Dave knew she meant "old" when she said like him, and he smiled, she continued "no charge." She was on the verge of pleading with him as he stood there her small hands on his belt. 

"One condition." he stated firmly looking down into her eyes, "You have to cum too."

Her face lit up in agreement, and Dave released her hands, he let her undo his belt, his cock was singing for joy now, humming with anticipation. He skimmed his hands along her ass feeling the youthful firmness, running his hands up her spine and under her tee shirt he found he bra clasp and released it, pulling her shirt up over her head forcing her hands away from his cock, he knew he needed to move slower or he was going to spew all over her right there. He found the button on her shorts and let them drop to the floor, she deftly stepped out of them and Dave noticed that she had kicked off her flip flops, naked save for a tiny pair of black silk panties Dave was in heaven. Tugging the panties down over her hips he let those slide to the floor as well.

"Let me look at you." He begged taking a step back, her tits were perfect, tiny pink nipples stood at attention as Dave slowly took inventory of her body. White triangles of skin stood out against her golden tan, her pussy was bare, waxed clean, and Dave nearly came at the sight of it. 

Without a word he grasped her by the hips and lifted her onto the counter, Kelsey gasped as her backside hit the cold granite, but Dave didn't stop, he leaned forward making his intention known and licked the inside of her thigh, Kelsey moaned softly and shivered at the contact with his tongue, she spread her legs wider for him, and he nearly lost it at the sight of her glistening pussy. With two fingers he spread her lips gently revealing the bright pink bud of her clit, Dave dove in licking her clit with his tongue probing and insistent as slid a finger into her pussy. Her pussy was so tight and wet; he licked and sucked, fucking her with his fingers. Kelsey moaned deeply throwing her legs over his shoulders he felt her muscles start to contract as the orgasm started to take hold of her, she was breathing heavy now her moans coming closer and closer together. Dave licked and sucked until the orgasm subsided and then he stood looking down at her. 

"How much do you charge?" She asked looking at him through heavy lidded eyes, a sheen of sweat glistening on her skin.

"Freebie." He said and lifted her off the counter, carrying her into the living room he set her on the couch and stepped out of his own shorts, stripping off his shirt, he stood on front of her naked, his cock bouncing up and down in time with his heart. 

"Oh!" she said, "That's a lot bigger than Brian's." Kelsey practically jumped up wrapping her hand around his shaft. Standing there he reached out to cup her tiny breasts, his thumb and forefinger trapping her nipples, pinching gently. She kissed his chest and then began trailing kisses lower until she was kneeling in front of him, eye level with his cock her tongue skimmed lightly over the head, wetting it slightly. Her tongue swirled around his shaft as she cupped his balls in her hand, then just like with Brian earlier, she gripped the base of his cock with one hand and slid it into her mouth. Her mouth was hot and wet, her lips sliding up and down his shaft rhythmically, Dave felt his balls tighten and whispered,
