 My neighbor Emma has been settling into my neighborhood for a while now. She goes to school at night, online. When I get home from work, I typically check in with her to see if she needs anything.

She's a good girl, she likes to cook for me, and I like being around her.

Tonight, I'm going over to change out her air filters. This takes all of 10 minutes, and then I walk into her study. She looks very studious with her glasses perched on her nose, her book on her lap, her legs crossed as she sits in front of her monitor. 

She smiles at me as I walk in.

"Hi honey, I'm finished," I tell her as I lean over to kiss her.

Her arms move around my neck, she whispers, "care to play?"

I whisper back, "sure...what about your studies?"

She grins, "heard of study breaks?"

I smile broadly and answer that indeed, I have heard of such things, as I walk over to her nice, soft bed. I'm not wearing much, just shorts, my legs splayed open as I lean into her pillows, looking over at her.

She answers me breathlessly, "I'm ready to come over there and slide in next to you"

I ask, "What are you waiting for?" as my shorts start to rise.

She gets up, stretches her arms above her head, takes her glasses off, pulls her shirt over her head and slides her pants to the floor as he hops into bed, straight into my open arms.

My cock is rock hard under my shorts as I feel her body's heat, her soft skin touching my chest as I cup a breast in one hand, kissing her soft, smooth neck. 

She tells me I have too many clothes on, which she works to fix quickly, running her hands under my waistband, over my ass, sliding my shorts down and off.

My cock gets harder still and throbs as I watch her pull off my shorts. She climbs onto me, my hands quickly find her breasts as she leans over to kiss me. I tenderly rub my thumb across her nipple, so hard yet so soft as my tongue seeks hers. 

She wiggles her hips over mine, just under my belly, not touching my cock, teasing me

I kiss her harder as I raise my hips, my cock searching for her pussy, whispering, "You bad girl."

She whispers back, "very bad," as I arch a little higher and she reaches down to bite my neck playfully, caressing my nipples as her pussy grazes my cock head.

"Yes, you are very bad," I moan as she slides further up my chest until I raise up more, my cock jumping at her lightest touch as she leans her hips back, barely touching my throbbing member. I reach around her ass and grab both cheeks, spreading them as I try to control her movements, pulling her forward as I reach up with my mouth and take her left nipple in my lips. 

She grinds her ass into my hands, whispering, "you know I love your hands there, baby."

Pleased, my fingers find her rosebud and start to explore as I continue to suck on her nipple. She lets one hand glide down to her pussy, the other to my cock, as I keep playing with her ass. Her hand guides my steel-hard cock to her waiting, wet, ready pussy.

She slides down as I thrust into her, pulling her down as her wetness engulfs my cock. She tingles as I fill her; that first thrust so precious. 

I push in deeply as she rides her clit against me again and again. Her thighs clench around mine as her pussy clenches around my cock. I grind it deep into her wetness as she holds it tight, squeezing hard before she raises herself off of me, only to slide back down. Holding again, clenching, before she goes back up, and I pull her back down, her breasts bouncing over my face.

I can feel her wet pussy grabbing my cock as I lock on to a breast, loving the feeling as she rides up and down, my cock going deeper. It's been slow, steady, and hard so far, grinding down completely with each thrust, but she's starting to move a little faster. 

She is riding me hard as I buck into her and I hold her ass to control her. She reaches her hand down next to my head as she leans over me.

I grab her ass with both hands, forcing her down as I thrust hard into her, hitting her cervix, so deep. My strong arms hold her as the strokes become harder, deeper, and faster.

She starts to quiver as I hit the same spot over and over. Her legs clench even tighter around me.

"Fuck me, baby" I whisper into her ear, as she rides me even harder, even tighter, she cums all over my cock, her pussy shaking. 

"Yes, fuck me harder," she's barely breathing, shaking, as my balls start to tingle, and she clenches still harder around my cock. 

I can feel my orgasm building, as she milks me, her thighs squeeze even tighter, her feet under my ass, pushing me deeper into her as I start to cum, she starts to come again, both of us quivering, shaking, 

I feel my cum shoot deep into her, spurting in as she gushes all over me, our bodies shaking with each thrust. 

It feels so good, with me pumping deep into her pussy, she milks every drop with her tight pussy, pulling me in deeper, as I keep sending my cock in further, sending waves of pleasure with each stroke. 

She looks down at me, resting with me still inside her, softly clenching, gently pulling me in tighter still, I rub her ass as she leans her breasts down onto my chest, both so satisfied and spent. 

Her face nuzzles into my neck, kissing me softly. My hand moves up her back, to her hair, she is practically purring as I rest, watching her back rise and fall with each breath, our warm juices flowing over my groin.

We're quiet, as she nuzzles into me, relaxing as I continue to rub her back from her neck to her ass. She warns me, "careful baby, you're going to make me horny again!" I smile up at her, "I thought you were still horny." 

She answers playfully, "you know it's not hard to get me that way." 

I answer quickly: "the thought of sucking on your pussy has been dancing in my head as I'm laying here." 

She challenges me, "that thought could turn into action easily!"

Now energized, I pull all the way out and whisper "baby I NEED to taste your pussy right now."

She grins, happily gliding from me, leaning back. I turn around, to my side, her pussy at my face and hold her inner thighs and reach out and softly start to lick her wet pussy, spreading her labia.

I lick and suck on her juices, tasting my cum mixed in as I work up and own her pussy. She moans as I rest a thumb on her clit as I work on her pussy, applying steady pressure, as I lick and suck, slurping to clean up her very wet pussy.

She relaxes as I suck on each lip, licking my cum that is still flowing out. As I move up her slit, I start to tongue her clit very softy and can feel her hips moving slowly, grinding into my face. I expose her clit completely and tongue it softly, sucking it into my mouth, humming as I flick, working my tongue around and around, sucking and licking, tasting so wonderful.

It's so sensitive. I look up to see her smile as I work softly, sweetly, barely breathing over her clit until I move back to her work on her lips again, sucking and licking each one, pulling them out to lick her on the inside. Until I move up each side until I get back to breathe over her clit again, then back to the bottom. She moans deeply as I keep sucking and pushing my tongue into her pussy, pumping it in to fuck her with my tongue, then again back to her clit.

I can feel my hard cock throbbing, pre-cum at the tip, as I keep licking her yummy pussy. 

She reaches down to taste me as I continue to suck her pussy. Her tongue circles my cock head, opening her mouth over me, she licks my shaft slowly, starting at the tip, all the way down, circling the base, she works her mouth over my balls, breathing on them, then sucking one in, licking it, moving her tongue all around it, kissing it as she releases it and moves to the other. 

Her hands pump my shaft while her mouth caresses my balls, then her tongue works its way back; short strokes near the base, then licking along the back of my shaft, circling the tip again, spending extra time at the ridge. Her hands around my shaft, her mouth meets her fingers as she bobs her head over me, up and down, in and out as I fuck her face. 

I bury two fingers in her pussy and play with her clit with my thumb as I watch my cock go in and out of her lips. She pauses, releases me, then licks the shaft along the back, suckling on the cockhead, and places her fingers on the spot just under the head, squeezing gently, then harder. Feeling her lips on my cock head drives me wild. She sucks me in deeper until I hit the back of her throat. She releases me again, kissing just the head, licking, sucking, circling it with her tongue, then she covers me again. I hold her head as I fuck her face, pushing in deeper and pulling out, as her hands caress the base of my cock and my balls.

My cum is building up pressure, as I continue fucking her face. When I pull out she whispers "I'm ready to taste you, to lick up every drop," as her face goes back down over my cock. I arch my back, ready to explode, as she keeps sucking, harder and licking, faster, squeezing my balls, pulling me in hard, releasing me, milking me, swallowing every drop. She grins as she leans back to swallow more, and keeps sucking, licking me clean until not one drop is left.

She gushes over my fingers, cum pouring over me, so I lick her clean, and bury my face in her pussy until both of us are spent, clean, and totally relaxed.

She scampers off of me, puts her clothes back on, slides her glasses onto her nose, and goes back to studying, as I roll over and drift blissfully to sleep.