 I started the afternoon dreading what I had to do next. I knew I needed to go to the mall for a few items, and I had put the trip off for as long as I possibly could. I hated the mall. I hated the crowds and I hated shopping. It would not be bad if I only had to go to one store, but I knew I had at least a few stores I had to visit. After visiting one of the big department stores in the mall, I walked out into the main mall area. I walked by a few stores, absently looking into each of them.

I walked by Victoria's Secret and looked into the store. It was then that I saw Jean. She was standing at a table looking through the boy shorts and thongs that had been laid out there. I watched her as she picked up one and then another, holding them up and feeling the fabric with her fingers. With each pair, I imagined what she would look like wearing them.

Jean picked out 3 pairs of boy shorts and 2 pairs of thongs. As she continued to look around the store, I got by first good look at her. She looked fantastic, about 5'4", thin and athletic. She was wearing a nice pair of low-cut hip-hugger jeans that looked fabulous on her small, firm ass. Her small, perky breasts looked very inviting in the button down shirt she was wearing. Her nipples were hard and it looked as though she was not wearing a bra. I could feel myself harden as I watched her go from one piece of lingerie to another.

I was completely lost in my thoughts of seeing her and have no idea of just how long I had been standing there watching her. I was suddenly caught by surprise when our eyes met and Jean waved at me. Blushing, I waved back. Jean smiled and laughed. She motioned for me to come in. Feeling myself still somewhat hard, I awkwardly walked into the store. The store was almost completely empty, with the two employees talking to each other, seemingly ignoring the both of us. Jean walked up to me and gave me a very welcoming hug. Hugging her back, I felt my semi-erect cock pressed up against her. Pulling back just a little she winked at me and told me that she really liked Victoria's Secret too.

I reluctantly let go of her while holding her gaze. Over the next 15 minutes or so, I followed Jean around the store, talking and catching up on each other's lives. I had always had a desire to be with Jean, and being in Victoria's Secret with her, watching her fondle various pieces of lingerie, fueled my desires. Having found nothing else she wanted to try on, Jean asked one of the employees to let her into a dressing room so that she could try on the pieces she had picked out. I told Jean that I would let her go, but she insisted that I stay, saying she would not take too long. 

The dressing rooms were off in the far corner of the store. As I took a seat in a chair directly in front of the dressing rooms, the employee let Jean in and left. I felt uncomfortable at first, but decided I would wait patiently and maybe ask Jean to go get a drink afterwards. I was disappointed that the doors to the dressing rooms went all the way to the floor so that I could not at least see Jean's feet and legs as she took off her jeans and panties to try on the ones that she had picked out. I fantasized about how wonderful she would look in a pair of the thongs. Her ass was perfect in the jeans that she wore, and I imagined that it would look even better in nothing but a pair of thongs.

I was half-lost in the thought when the dressing room door opened and Jean leaned her head out. I watched as she looked around toward the cash registers, then looked at me. She whispered something that I could not make out, but her hand gesture was clear enough – she wanted me to join her in the dressing room. I hesitated for only a second before getting up. I looked over at the employees who were across the store and oblivious to what we were doing. A few new customers were in the store, and the employees seemed to be busy with them.

I walked in the dressing room and Jean shut the door. I caught the sight of Jean's reflection in the mirror. She was only wearing the pair of the black thong she had picked out along with her button-down shirt. The top four buttons were unbuttoned, and it was then clear that she was not wearing a bra. I stared at her reflection noticing how right I had been, her ass looked stunning in the thong. I felt myself quickly harden just as I felt her place her hands on my chest. I looked away from the mirror and met her eyes. Without saying a word, I lowered my face down to meet hers. Her lips were soft and warm and moist.

Our kiss was soft at first, but quickly changed. I felt the passion in her as her lips parted and our tongues met. Her hands moved down from my chest and around to my back. I felt her hands on my ass while mine were touching her face and hair. She pulled me into her, pushing her hips into my now incredibly hard cock. Any inhibitions I may have had had been washed away in the moment of passion. I slowly moved my hands down her back until I reached her ass. I squeezed her ass and pulled her into me. I could feel the heat of Jean's pussy through her thong. Jean slowly pulled away and looked at me.

She smiled and told me she just couldn't decide if she liked the black thong and thought that maybe I could help her make up her mind. She slowly turned around so that I could see her ass. Running on pure adrenaline, I stepped closer to her, putting my hands underneath her shirt and on her flat stomach. I pulled her into me and told her that I thought she looked incredible. Looking at her in the mirror, I watched as she unbuttoned the remaining buttons of her shirt and let it fall open. Her breasts are small, but extremely sexy. Her nipples were so hard. I let my hands roam up her stomach to the bottom of her breasts as I kissed and nibbled on her neck and ears.

Jean softly moaned as I cupped her breasts in my hands and let my fingertips run across her nipples. I looked at her reflection as she watched my fingers close around her nipples, rolling them between my thumb and fingers and gently tugging on them. I continued to watch as her nipples became even more erect. Jean reached around behind her and massaged my ass as she pulled me into her. She pushed herself into me, and I felt my cock pressed up against her ass. With one hand still on my ass, pulling me into her, she took one of my hands in hers. She brought my hand to her mouth and began to lick and suck on my fingers. I felt the sensation run from my fingers to my cock. She sucked and licked on my fingers as though each one was a cock. Once my fingers were nice and wet, she lowered my hand back to her breasts and helped me as I pinched and tugged on her nipples.

Slowly, I ran my hand from her breast and down her stomach until I reached the top of her thong. I slid my hand into her thong and felt, for the first time, her nicely trimmed pussy. Although I had seen the darkening wet spot on the front of her thong, the spot was nothing compared to the wetness that had started to drip out of her. With one finger, still wet from her mouth and even wetter from her pussy, I felt up and down her pussy lips and traced small circles around her clit. Jean closed her eyes, pushing her ass back into me.

I moved my hands to the waistband of her thong, knelt down, and pulled the thong off. I kissed and licked my way down her back and her ass as she stepped out of the thong. Jean leaned into the mirror, placing her hands on the mirror as she pushed her ass into my lips and tongue. I licked my way down her ass, teasing her, and then continued until I finally tasted her sweet juices. I licked and sucked on her pussy, feeling her wetness run from my chin and down her thighs. She moaned louder as I pushed my tongue inside of her. She reached around and grabbed my head as I fucked her with my tongue.

I stopped for only a second as I crawled around in front of her. Once there, I went back to licking and fucking her pussy with my tongue. Looking up as I licked her, I watched as she pinched her nipples with her own fingers. I licked my way up her pussy until I felt her clit against my lips. Taking her clit into my mouth, I pushed a finger inside her. I felt her pussy squeeze around my finger and felt Jean's legs partially give out. Taking her hands away from her breasts, Jean leaned against the mirror. I continued to lick and suck her clit while I slid another finger inside of her. I began to move my fingers quickly in and out of her pussy while I licked, sucked and bit her clit. Jean moved her hips with me, fucking my fingers and my face. Jean suddenly tensed up and I felt a flow of wetness run out of Jean as her pussy clamped hard around my fingers. Jean shuddered and moaned as her orgasm subsided.

I continued to lick her pussy, feeling her wetness all over my face. Jean reached down and pulled me up to her. She looked me in the eyes before she began to lick her wetness off my cheeks and lips. She then kissed me deeply and ran her hands down my stomach and grabbed my cock through my jeans. I felt her unbutton and unzip my jeans. She pushed down my jeans and boxers in one motion and I stepped out of them. With one finger, she felt the wetness on the tip of my cock and traced it down the shaft and to my balls. I trembled as I felt her fingernail gently run back up the shaft of my cock before she took me in her hand, squeezed me and began to stroke me.

Jean continued to stroke me with one hand as she took my balls in her other. Jean lowered her head, and I felt her tongue touch the tip of my cock, run down the shaft and back up. She put her lips around the tip of my cock and began to suck me. I watched in the mirror as she lowered her head down the shaft of my cock, taking me completely into her mouth. She then used her hands, tongue and mouth, to stroke, lick and suck me. I could feel the pre-cum flowing from my cock as I felt her suck and swallow. I watched her head moving up and down and stared at her ass in the mirror. I was so turned on.

It was then that I could feel that familiar feeling begin to stir in my balls and felt my cock swell. I put my hands on Jean's head and told her to slow down, that I wasn't ready to cum. She stopped long enough to say that I wouldn't be stopping at just one. With that, she lowered her head and quickened her pace. I felt her tongue swirling around my cock. I felt one of her hands stroking the base of my cock as the other gently massaged my balls. She moved her mouth faster up and down, sucking and licking until I could not hold back any longer. With a low moan, I let myself go. I felt the first spurt of cum flow into Jean's mouth. Just before the second spurt, she took me out of her mouth and stroked me as I continued to cum on her breasts and stomach.

My orgasm ended and Jean took me into her mouth sucking the cum that was left inside of me and licking the cum off my cock. She then rubbed my cum onto her breasts and stomach, massaging and squeezing her breasts and nipples. She licked her fingers and let me rest for a few seconds. I felt the blood leaving my cock. She looked at me and told me that I was not done. She told me there was still something that she needed. She went back to my cock, first lightly licking, and then squeezing and stroking me. It was not long before I was hard again.

Jean stood up and turned around, placing her hands back on the mirror, and rubbing her ass against my cock. I lowered myself just enough to feel the tip of my cock pressing against her pussy. She was so wet that I had no difficulty sliding deeply inside of her. I grabbed her hips and began to pull her into me as I drove my cock harder and deeper inside of her. I could hear her whisper, telling me that she wanted be to fuck her, fuck her harder, fuck her deeper. She told me how wonderful my cock felt inside of her. 

I watched her expressions in the mirror as I continued to push my cock deep inside of her. I watched as Jean reached down between her legs. She alternated between rubbing her clit and massaging my balls. I reached around and pinched and pulled on her nipples. She began to rub her clit with hard, short, fast strokes and I began fucking her faster and deeper. As I felt my own orgasm building, I felt Jean's pussy contracting around my cock. I heard Jean whimper as I continued to fuck her through her orgasm. With no further warning, I let go, cumming deep inside of Jean. She continued pushing her pussy against my cock until I had completely emptied myself inside of her.

We both collapsed against the mirror. Just then, there was a knock on the dressing room door. The salesgirl asked if everything was alright and if Jean needed any assistance. Jean laughed and said she was fine and that she would be out in a few minutes. We both got dressed, with Jean taking the tag off the black thong and putting them on. She briefly rubbed her pussy through her panties, rubbing her wetness and my cum into them and finished getting dressed. After looking out to make sure no one was watching, she and I left the dressing room. Jean walked up to the register with all of the panties she had tried on. She then handed the tag she had taken off of the black thong and handed that to the salesgirl. She told her that she liked them so much that she wanted to wear them out of the store. The salesgirl gave us both a knowing look, a wink and continued to ring up Jean's items.

We walked out of the store and gave each other a hug and a brief kiss. We both told each other that we would have to get together again. And next time we would have to go somewhere where we had more space and time. I left knowing that I had just had the best shopping experience I would ever have.