 I had lived in my apartment for about eight months before I finally met my next-door neighbor, Diana. Meeting her has changed my life, and is one of the best things that ever happened to me. Diana is a mature woman in her forties, but she looks much younger. She's about five feet tall with a great set of tits and an amazing ass. Her nipples are fantastic, thick like pencil erasers and dark chocolaty-brown. She has reddish-brown hair and fiery, mischievous eyes that let you know she is up to no good. Her ballsy attitude and complete lack of inhibitions may put some people off, but I love that about her and it totally turned me on.

My name is Tom, I'm 27 years old, and when I met Diana I'd only slept with one woman my entire life. I would say I have a decent body with an average size penis. That being said, I LOVE sex and I have a voracious sexual appetite. I have so much passion that has been bottled up my entire life that I am horny all the time and when I have had the opportunity to unleash it, I always made sure my woman left me with a smile on her face.

I was getting my mail one day when I first me this hot little Latina. We started chatting as we walked back up to our apartments. She asked me if I would help her move some furniture in sometime and I agreed. Two nights later I got a knock on my door. It was Diana, and she had a van full of furniture to unload downstairs. I went downstairs where I met Diana's friend Karen and the cabdriver. I helped the cabdriver carry Diana's desk up the three flights of stairs to her apartment, then helped her and Karen unload the rest of the assemble-it-yourself furniture she had purchased. When we finished unloading, Diana paid the cabdriver and invited me in for a few beers with her and Karen.

The three of us went inside and started chatting while I opened a beer and started putting together a desk chair. For the next hour the three of us got to know each other and had a great time. I soon discovered that Diana had no inhibitions and soon the conversation turned to sex, and soon after Diana was pulling out her collection of porn to show me. We all had a good laugh and were enjoying ourselves thoroughly. Up until now the conversation, although sexual, was friendly and casual. It still turned me on to be around two sexy women who were so open about their sexuality. My cock was starting to swell with arousal. Eventually Karen had to leave since she had a long drive home and it was getting late. Now Diana and I were alone in her apartment. I had no idea what was going to happen, but I had a feeling I was going to enjoy it.

While I was kneeling on the floor putting together the TV stand, Diana came up behind me and spoke softly into my ear, "I'm bisexual you know, what do you think of that?" I turned around and looked in her eyes. Her gaze was intense, and I could not look away. The sexual tension in the room was palpable. At this point my mind was reeling; my thoughts were going through my mind at 1000 miles an hour. What the hell was going on? Was this hot Latin cougar coming on to me? As my eyes flitted over her smoking hot body, I could feel my cock start to harden in my pants.

"I think that's fucking hot," I managed to say.

"That's good," she said. "A lot of guys don't know how to handle it when I tell them that. I'm totally open about my love for women, and it really turns me on when I meet a man who can accept that. Did you see the woman who was sitting over there not ten minutes ago?" She asked, nodding toward the couch where Karen had been sitting. I nodded. "She...rocked...my...fucking...world," said Diana, emphasizing each word. I looked up at her and I guess the surprise I felt registered clearly on my face, because she nodded and said "It's true, just last week she fucked me sooo good."

"That's fucking hot," I said, "you are so damn sexy, Diana."

It was getting hard to hide my erection at this point, and Diana had obviously noticed. "Do you have a big cock Tom?" She asked with a mischievous grin. "I guess it's about average." I replied. She looked me straight in the eyes and said "show me." She placed her hand on my erection through my jeans and said it again, "show me." Even if I wanted to resist her I couldn't. This sexy Latina siren had me under her spell. I undid my belt and opened up my jeans. I lifted my butt off the couch as Diana helped me pull my pants out of the way. I pulled my cock out of my boxers and she immediately jumped on me and sucked my hard prick down her throat.

It felt soooo damn good. I moaned out loud as her head bobbed up and down on my cock. When she had just the head inside her mouth she would flick her tongue over my helmet a few times before swallowing the whole thing again. It was driving me crazy! After a few minutes of this Diana took my cock out of her mouth and started slowly jerking me off with her hand. She looked up at me and said, "Your precum tastes so good! I want you to fucking come in my mouth." She then started sucking on the head of my cock and flicking her tongue over it while she continued to jerk me off with her hand. It wasn't long before I felt my balls tighten and that glorious pressure started to build to the point of no return. I started thrusting my hips up into the air and soon I was shooting my hot cum into her pretty little mouth. She kept sucking until she was sure she had it all, and then swallowed every drop.

Diana crawled up onto the couch next to me and pressed her lips to mine. I could taste myself on her lips, but I didn't care. Our passion quickly got the better of us. I plunged my tongue deep in her mouth. Our tongues were entwined, and our hands were wandering all over each other's bodies. I started squeezing her ass cheeks while she ran one hand through my hair and grabbed my hardening cock with the other. I started kissing her neck and she moaned in pleasure. Diana was grinding her hot pussy on my leg and I could feel that her pants were soaked through.

"Now it's your turn," I whispered in her ear. I stood up, and then pulled her to her feet. I grabbed her hand and we walked into her bedroom, my erect member leading the way. We stood next to the bed and embraced. As we pulled apart I took hold of the bottom of her shirt. With a flirty smile Diana raised her arms above her head and I removed her shirt, revealing a dark green satin bra. I took off my shirt as she unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor. She had the most beautiful breasts I had ever seen. She had a pair of perky C-cup titties with chocolate-colored nipples. I couldn't wait to suck on her nipples and squeeze her tits. I took off my boxers and knelt in front of her. I could clearly see the wet spot on her sweatpants. I pulled down her pants to reveal a pair of dark green satin panties matching the bra that now lay on the floor beside me. I put my fingers inside the waistband of her panties and slowly started pulling them down. As I pulled her last remaining article of clothing down her smooth, silky legs I was treated to the sight of her shaven pussy just inches from my face. I started kissing my way back up her body. I paid considerable attention to her breasts, tweaking one nipple with a thumb and forefinger while I sucked the other into my mouth. I ran my tongue over the pebbly flesh while I squeezed her soft tit with my hand. Diana started moaning and I decided it was time to taste her hot little pussy.

I gently pushed Diana back onto the bed. She crawled into the middle of the bed and I was right behind her. We lay down on our sides facing each other. I pulled her close to me and kissed her hard. I then rolled her on her back and began my oral odyssey down her gorgeous body. Her tan skin was soft and smooth beneath my lips. I quickly made my way down to her hairless pussy, it was beautiful. I could see how wet she was already. I glanced up at her and she said "I need to cum, please don't tease me Tom!" I've never been one to argue with a woman when she wants something in bed, so I dipped my head between her legs and stuck my tongue as far into her pussy as far as it would go. She was so wet and tasted so good. I soon discovered that Diana was not quiet when it came to fucking; she moaned and screamed so loud I know the neighbors were getting a good earful. I would run my tongue up the outside of her pussy between the inner and outer lips, first one side then the other. I put her legs up over my shoulders and she rested her feet on my back. Then I stuck my tongue in as far as I could and tried to fuck her with it. She screamed and came all over my tongue. Her hot sticky nectar was dripping down my chin. I slowly licked up the remaining juices as she came down from her orgasm. "Oh yeah Tom," she said, "That's nice, don't stop." 

Nothing turns me on more than making a woman cum on my tongue, and my cock was rock hard by now and dripping with pre-cum. I was more than ready to fuck this woman, but first I wanted to make sure she knew how much I enjoyed eating her pussy. I placed my hands under her and grabbed her ass. I found her hard clit and flicked my tongue over it a few times. She let out a deep moan and grabbed the back of my head, pulling me in to her pussy again. I closed my lips around her clit and started swirling my tongue around it. I soon had her moaning louder, "Oh Gawd, that feels sooooo good Tom! Don't fucking stop!" She started thrusting her hips up into the air and I inserted two fingers into her dripping pussy. She was so wet and hot. I started finger-fucking her while I continued to tongue her hard clitty. Diana was going wild, grabbing her sheets and squirming all over the bed. I grabbed her ass tighter to keep her from getting away. After a few minutes she erupted in another orgasm, much more violent than the first and screamed, "OOHHHH FUCKKK! I'M CUMMMINNNGGG!!!!!" Again my face was drenched with her cum, and I loved it!

I crawled up next to her on the bed again and kissed her. "I want you to fuck me Tom," She said breathlessly, "there're condoms in the drawer." I reached into her bedside table and pulled out a condom. Diana rolled it onto my engorged member and we were ready to go. I knelt between her legs and guided my hard cock into her waiting pussy. We were both so turned on I knew there was no need to go slow. I buried my cock in her in one long, hard thrust. We both moaned out loud and I started to fuck her, hard. I grabbed her hips and pulled her into me with every thrust. The sound of her moans and of our bodies slapping together drove me crazy with lust. I lay over her supporting my weight on my elbows and wrapped my arms around her. I kissed her long and hard as I continued to fuck her hard and fast. I could feel my balls slapping against her ass with every time my cock plunged into her. Diana wrapped her legs around my waist and thrust her hips up against mine. We were two people who simply needed a good fucking, and we were giving it to each other. This was my favorite position, I could feel my balls tightening and knew I wasn't going to last much longer. But I didn't have to. "I'm going to cum Tom, I want you to cum deep inside me," Diana said. I kept thrusting and soon she let out a scream as she came and I could feel her pussy contracting around my cock. A few seconds later I pushed my cock as far into her pussy as it would go and blew my load deep inside her.

Exhausted, I rolled off her and lay there enjoying the post-coital silence. Diana laid her head on my naked chest and said softly, "Mmmmm...that was great Tom." I agreed. As we lay there in the afterglow of our first fuck, I thought to myself, "This is going to be a great summer."