 I am with you there now, in a crop t-shirt and panties, no bra ... you can see how hard my nipples are, waiting for you to hold them, squeezing them gently then pinching my nipples. My panties are so wet, you can smell my sweet pussy juices and reach down to slide your hand between my legs, firmly pressing up through my panties, making me moan so loudly and clench my legs around your hand. 

You lift my shirt over my breasts, and capture a hard nipple in your mouth, sucking and biting it lightly, while your other hand caresses the other breast, driving me out of my mind. God, it feels so good, I could cum right now on your hand. But, you have other ideas for me. You slide my t-shirt over my head, kissing me long and slow, sliding your hot tongue into my mouth, rubbing it along my teeth, teasingly touching my tongue before leaving my mouth. I am so horny, so hot, that I eagerly put my tongue into your mouth, following you for more and you suck on my tongue, pulling it so deep, I feel it tugging my pussy.

Your hands are so busy, sliding from my breasts to my hips and back, around my back and down to cup my ass, pushing my hot pussy against your hard cock. You are so hard and feel so good, I try to hook my leg around your waist to rub more of my pussy on your cock, but you won't let me. Smiling, you push my ass against the edge of the desk and hook your thumbs into the waistband of my panties, slowly sliding them down my hips, stopping to plant a kiss on my pussy, darting your tongue in once, twice, driving me crazy. I want to grab your head and push your tongue into me. 

But, you leave my pussy, sliding my panties down to the ground, lifting first one leg, then the other to pull them right off so I am standing naked before you. Rising up, you grab my hips and lift me up onto the desk, spreading my legs so my hot, wet pussy is exposed to you. You sit back down in your chair, and lift my legs up and put them around your shoulders, leaning in so your face is level with my pussy. I know you are more than equal to the task.

Gently, you purse your lips and blow on my hot pussy, using your fingers to open my wet, swollen lips, exposing my hard clit. I am moaning so loud now, thrashing my hips and begging you, pleaseohpleaseohplease. I am holding onto the desk with one hand and reaching for your head with the other. But, you will not be hurried. Slowly, you lean in and put your tongue on the outside of my wet slit, flat and hard, and slide it hard up and flat against the length of my pussy, up to my clit where you stop and press. I scream with pleasure. It feels so good ... so good. Again, you move your tongue away, press it against me and lick up hard, and again and on the third time, you press hard against my clit, moving your tongue hard back and forth. I can't stop ... have to cum now, sobbing your name as I buck my hips against your face. My juices are flowing down your chin, but you don't stop tonguing my clit as I cum. 

As I start to come down, breathing hard and moaning, you hold my hips harder and press your assault on my clit. I'm begging you to stop, stop, oh, please, I can't ... it's too sensitive now, but you don't stop. Faster you press the flat of your tongue against my clit and move it back and forth, up and down, keeping hard pressure directly on it until I am cumming, cumming, cumming ... again, sobbing and crying, oh god, please, I can't take it anymore, please, please oh, god, more ...

Finally, you stop this hard pressure and move your tongue down to my soaking slit where you gently lick away the hot juices still flowing uncontrollably. I am shaking so hard, my legs quivering around your neck and you begin smoothing your hands from my hips, down my thighs and calves and back up again, slowing my movements, gentling my spin. Using light pressure, you lap gently at my slit and up around my swollen lips, avoiding my clit ... for now ... drinking in every drop of my hot, sweet juices. 

Just when I have started to slowly calm down, my shaking almost abated, you move your hands up to my calves, draw my legs down and put them on the arms of the chair around you, opening my legs wider, exposing more of my pussy to your gaze. Slowly, you move your hands up and wrap them around my thighs, your hands pressing me open more, opening the hood over my clit so it is exposed to you. You lean down again and dart your tongue into my slit, once, twice three times, making me jump with each thrust. oh, oh, oh, ohhhhhhhh, I start moaning again, feeling each dart like a stab to my clit. Slowly, you trace your tongue up my inner lips, stopping only to lap gently, but never for more than a moment. Your destination is clear and I try to stop you by grabbing your hair. I scream your name, moaning, no, can't again ... too soon ... too soon. You reach up and grasp both my hands firmly in one hand, holding me, restraining me ...

My hips are thrashing about, but you have me so open, I cannot move them away from your assault. Slowly, your other hand slides along my inner thigh, igniting all the nerve endings and starting my thighs to quivering again. As your tongue reaches my clit and presses hard and flat against it, you insert one finger into my steaming slit, slowly sliding it in, in, deeper until your whole hand is pressed against my pussy. I am so hot, it burns your finger as you slowly slide it in and out, keeping rhythm with your tongue on my clit ... slower, then faster, moving in synch until I can't stand it. Pulling out your finger, you insert a second one and continue the assault. I am sobbing again, moving my hips with you and trying to pull my hands away. You are so strong and hold me firmly, fucking me with two fingers while you tongue my clit, so good, so good ... 

I am almost used to this and feeling so good when you pull out your fingers. Protesting loudly, I can hardly tell you what I want, pleaseohplease god don't stop, don't stop ... when you ram in 3 fingers, all the way, moving your tongue hard, hard, hard against my clit, moving all 3 fingers, fast, faster in rhythm with your tongue. ohgodohgodohgod, I am cumming ... again ... yessssssss, oh god oh yes, I am cumming against your fingers, spreading my hot cum in and out of my pussy, dripping down my thighs, wetting your face, my ass ....

Finally, you slowly pull your fingers out and stand up to pull me up into your arms, kissing me slowly, my juices flowing from your mouth to mine as I suck your tongue into my mouth like it was your cock. I reach now and pull your hand up, sucking each of your fingers in turn, cleaning off all my juices and kissing each for the pleasure you have given me. My legs are quivering still, wrapping around your hips with my feet on each arm of your chair. I am so weak, I cannot move them.

I can feel your hard cock pressing into my pussy through your pants; it feels so good, so hard, that I slowly rub my wet crotch back and forth. Your eyes close as you lean back in the chair. Sooo good, baby, isn't it? I know you want to please me now, but I want your cock so bad. I get off your lap and help you to stand, before reaching for the snap on your jeans. Sliding the zipper down, I stroke your cock firmly through your jeans and feel it jump to attention. I hook my fingers in your pants and slide them off your hips, letting your cock spring loose. Planting a kiss on the tip, I pull your pants down over your hips, your thighs, to your knees before pushing you lightly back into the chair. Lifting first one foot, then the other, I pull your jeans off and throw them aside as I gaze in wonder at your beautiful body. I can feel my pussy getting so wet again just looking at you. I sink to my knees, between your legs to worship your cock. 

Grasping your cock at the base lightly, I slide my hand up and down, watching your veins throb as your cock twitches in time with my stroking. I slide my other hand between your legs to cradle your balls, lightly squeezing them in time with my stoking. I know you want to last, but I want to make it so good for you, make you cum fast and feel as good as I am. I wet my lips and slide my hot mouth over the tip of your cock, stretching my mouth as wide as it will go, sliding over the tip to take the whole head in my mouth. I wrap my mouth, my tongue lathing your whole head, sucking lightly. God, you are moaning so loud now. Does it feel good, baby? Tell me, I want to hear how good I make you feel. Sucking hard, I pull my mouth off to look at you; you're leaning back in the chair, your eyes closed in ecstacy, your hands clutching the arms of the chair? "Do you want more?" I ask, knowing what the answer will be. "Yessssss," you moan, bringing your hands to each side of my head. 

Opening my mouth wide, I slide it over the head again, your hands guiding my head over. I use my tongue hard against the sensitive underside as I slide my head down, down, down to the base of your cock, to meet my hand. Scraping my teeth lightly onlong the top, I bring my head back up, sucking hard enough to make my cheeks billow in. You're moaning over and over now, so into this, I could do anything. Moving in closer, I start to bob my head up and down, faster and faster, setting a rhythm to drive you wild. My hand is moving with my mouth to coax you higher, still squeezing your balls as I try to drive you over the edge.

You're so far gone now, your hands are gripping my head and helping me to ram my mouth up and down your hard, swollen cock. I can hear those noises you make, insistent noises that signal you are cumming. I ram my mouth to the base of your cock, taking it all in, down my tight throat. Cupping your balls with both hands now, I squeeze firmly as I hum loudly at the back of my throat, letting all my muscles vibrate along the length of your cock buried deep in my throat. 

Setting up a rhythm of squeezing and humming, I can feel your balls tighten, tighten in my hands. Your hands are holding my head still and your hips are thrust up, pushing your whole cock as far as it will go. Suddenly, you let out a yell and your hot cum spurts into my throat, splashing the back of my throat and burning me as I try to swallow it all. Soooo much cum; oh god, baby, yes, it feels so good. You hold my head as you stroke your cock into my mouth with each spurt, slamming your cock down my throat. Finally, finally you slow down, stroking my hair as you release your grip. Your cock is still dribbling and I am sucking hard, harder as I try to catch every drop. When there is no more, I let it slip softly out of my mouth, kissing the tip, as I smile mischievously up at you. "Good?"

You shake your head, laughing as you pull me into your lap, kissing me slowly and passionately. Your right hand comes up to stroke my hip, my side, my breast and back down again, slowly, rhythmically setting a new pace. I sigh with pleasure, putting my legs across your lap and over the arm of the chair, content to kiss and pet for a while, but open to possibilities! With each kiss, your hand gets bolder and bolder, cupping the underside of my breast, sliding over the nipple and back, stopping to pinch lightly. Under my now squirming ass, I can feel your cock getting hard again and starting to throb against my hip. When you slide your left hand up my calf, stopping to slide in between my legs before moving up my inner leg, I moan into your mouth. By the time you reach my pussy, I am so hot and aroused that I am dripping wet and your fingers slide easily into my aching slit; one, two, three fingers pumping slowly in and out, spreading my juices in and out, along my whole cleft and back, until your thumb stops right on top of my clit. I am moaning freely now, my eyes closed as you stroke my clit with your thumb and move three fingers in and out, now speeding up, now slowly. I can barely see, I am so hot for you.

Standing up with me in your arms, you place my ass on the desk again. I moan in frustration as your hands stops pleasuring me, until I see your huge, hard throbbing cock pointed at my dripping pussy. Finally! Happily, I wrap my legs around your hips and draw you closer and closer until your hard cockhead is touching my wet pussy. You could slide in now if you want to and I eagerly reach down to guide you in, but you stop my hand and place it back over my head, along with my other hand, leaning over to kiss my stomach, my breasts, sucking hard at each nipple. God I am so hot, I can't stand it. All I want is your cock, fucking me so hard. I squirm my hips, trying desperately to reach your cockhead and impale myself, but you stand up, pulling your cock back away from my pussy. "Noooooo," I wail. "Please fuck me now, oh god, fuck me!" Smiling, you reach around you to grasp each of my legs and bring them in front of you, putting them both over your shoulders. God, I feel my pussy lips tight and hard, pressing down on my clit and I know that you are doing this on purpose, knowing how good it will feel to me.

At last, you push your hips forward, cock in hand and put the head against my hot, wet pussy. God, I am so dripping wet that you can push the head in with no trouble. I am moaning and squirming under you, praying over and over my mantra: fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. With your head firmly ensconced in my tight entrance, you wrap your hands around the front of my legs, holding me tightly against you before thrusting in deeper, one inch and then back, a little more and back, keeping up a slow steady rhythm. I move my hips down against your thighs, trying to force you in. "Yes," I scream. "God, yess, yes, please fuck me." Bracing yourself against my legs, you thrust your hips forward, hard, thrusting deep, deep into my body. my clit is trapped between my pussy lips and throbbing, your cock is so big, I can feel every inch and it feels so good, so big, so hard.

Letting out another moan, I signal to you to go, go, go, tightening my pussy against your hard cock and pushing my hips back against your thighs. You smile, and begin to thrust in and out, setting up a slow, steady rhythm, back and forth, side to side, creating an impossible pressure inside my pussy and on my clit. With each thrust and withdrawal, my clit, trapped between my pussy lips is rubbed hard. Soon I am moaning with pleasure, ramming my hips against yours, trying to create the best pressure. I can feel my stomach tightening and I know that I am going to cum soon, so soon and I am moaning louder, urging you on, begging you to fuck me harder, faster. Holding my legs with one hand now, you bring your other hand underneath where your balls are slapping my ass and slide one finger up against my dripping pussy, smearing the juices up along my crack and pressing against my asshole lightly. It feels so good, so good as you continue to wet me from pussy to ass and back again, once, twice, three times more before stopping at my asshole. Circling it gently, pressing lightly, circling, pressing until my anus opens and the tip of you finger slips inside. 

God, I leap against you as I feel your finger tip and look up at you. You are smiling widely, encouragingly and I relax back into the rhythm, concentrating on the feelings of your cock in my pussy, your finger in my ass, my clit ... so good, so goddamn good, I can feel the pressure, building, building higher until all I can think of is cumming, cumming, oh god yes please. Just when I think nothing can feel better, you ram your finger up into my ass. "OHGOD!" I scream, wailing, my ass in the air as I cum hard on your cock. ohgodohgodohgod yesyesyesssssssssss, fuckme harder - my head is tossing back and forth, my hips slamming against you as your cock rams up into my sweet, hot pussy, faster and faster as I cum all over it. Oh god, your thrusts are lifting my hips in the air as you ram into me so good, so fucking good, I can hardly stand it. As my bucking slows down, you hold your cock rammed into the hilt and grind your pubic bone against me clit, rubbing hard to keep the pressure up.

Finally, I open my eyes and smile at you. God, you are so good! I can feel that you are still hard in me and still gently thrusting. I want you to cum in me, so hot and hard. I clench my pussy muscles tightly around you and let go. "Please, cum in me, baby" I moan as I try to reach for you. "Please fuck me hard; I want you to cum, too!" You step back slightly and slide my quivering legs off your shoulders, sliding them down your body. Happily, I stop at your waist, trying to wrap my legs around you, but you firmly push them down, down and put my feet on the seat of the chair, one on either side of your body. My position is precarious and I cannot balance or bring my legs back up without your help; my hips are thrust up in this position, my pussy open and my clit exposed to you. 

I am nearly purring as you bring both thumbs up against my pussy lips and open them wider, when you lean your body down on top of mine, your mouth at my breast, your cock buried deep inside me; I can feel your crotch hairs on my pussy lips as you push your hips against mine and bury yourself deeper. Then, looking into my eyes, you begin to thrust deeply and I nearly faint. My pussy lips are so open that your pubic bone is right on my clit, rubbing it hard with each thrust. Quickly, your hips begin to move, faster and faster, ramming your cock deep in me with each deep stroke. I am sobbing and moaning as you grind against my clit harder and harder, keeping so much pressure, so good, so fucking good building me up, up and up ......... and over as I begin cumming again. Reaching up, I hold you tight as you slam into me and you begin to cum, deep in my pussy, fucking me so hard it hurts and feels so fucking good. Your hips slam into mine, pumping all your cum into my hot, wet pussy, mingling our juices together until they run out and down my thigh. 

God, my whole body is shaking from cumming so much. You help my legs down off the chair and I almost fall down when you stand me up. You have fucked me so good that I cannot stand. Sweeping me into your arms, you carry me over to the bed and lay me down before curving your body around mine, your stomach in my back, spooning each other. Reaching down, you grasp my hip and bring it back against your hips, so my ass is right up against your cock. I can feel your hand sliding off my hip and down between our bodies, where you grasp your cock and slide it gently between my ass cheeks, up against my anus. Amazingly, your cock is still slightly hard, but it quickly grows as your press up against me. 

"God," I moan. "I don't think my pussy can stand it yet!" You run your lips across my neck and up my cheek, across to my ear where you whisper: "Try something new?" and push your hard cock against my anus with gentle pressure. I am afraid, but feel a tingle in my pussy at the thought and nod my head. Reaching down, you pull my upper leg up and back over your hip, opening my pussy. Your hand drops to my open slit and you gently stroke upwards, bathing my whole pussy, my clit in my juices. Slowly, up and down with firm, but gentle pressure, stroking, stroking ... until your hand disappears. "No!" I cry, feeling abandoned until I feel your fingers sliding up from behind to slide into my wet pussy, now stroking my juices backwards and up across my whole crack, sliding your fingers with gentle pressure firmly across my puckered anus. Your other hand comes up from under my hip and I lift so you can reach down where you begin pressing firmly against my clit, keeping up gentle pressure on it while your finger slowly penetrates my asshole. I moan as your finger slips in and you begin moving it back and forth, in and out, stretching my asshole for the cock that will soon follow!

At last you slip your finger out, but quickly replace it with a second, all the while driving me mad with the slow rubbing on my clit. My hips are moving back and forth, trying to feel both your hands at the same time and growing more and more excited. Finally, you pull my hips up and move around behind me, guiding my body to my hands and knees. You press my head to the mattress and pull my hips higher in the air, exposing my pussy and ass, my cheeks spreading apart by the action. I feel you get on your knees between my legs and gasp when your cock head touches my hot pussy and slips inside. In and out, an inch at a time you move your cock until I am moaning and thrashing my hips back and forth. I can't stand it, it feels so good and I am getting so hot when you suddenly pull your cock out and I feel its wet head pressed against my anus. You press harder, harder and even harder, holding one of my hips to steady me and build counter pressure. Finally, your cock head slips in and I moan into the mattress as I feel it stretch me so hard. Grabbing my other hip, you thrust forward and my head comes up in a keening wail as I feel your big hard cock fuck into my ass. Slowly thrusting back and forth, you keep pushing harder each time, forcing inch by hard inch into my ass until you are buried to the hilt and you stop, pushing your hips hard against me, holding my hips back against you, your huge cock rammed deep in me.
