 This is for my wife's best friend; you know who you are. Thank you for teasing me the way you do.

*****

Initially I thought that my best friend, Tina, was out of her mind when she told me she had found the man of her dreams. She was barely four months out of a twenty year marriage and she had met the guy online. That in itself was not such a big deal. The fact that he was literally half her 50 years, and younger than her own kids was. 

I was skeptical when she suggested I meet him; but nosey as I was, I couldn't wait to see this young man up close and personal. I wanted see just how he had managed to nab a sophisticated professional like my best girlfriend. 

She and I are a lot alike, even though I am eight years younger to the month. Both with strawberry-blonde hair (although hers is pixie cut and mine is to my shoulders now), both small framed – her 5'2, me 5'4 and bordering on petite (with the same problem areas, I might add). We are mistaken for sisters everywhere we go, and have known each other for nearly 20 years by way of work until I started my career in another non-profit organization. We are together every weekend, and some evenings; on the phone constantly about everything.

I remember Jason was very sweet, a little quiet, and let us do most of the talking that first time. He was not a big guy, very cute though, but extremely young and young looking at just twenty-six. I noticed something completely different about Tina that night and then even more so over the next few months: she was truly happy for the first time in years. They say women glow when they are in love, but it was more than that. He was the best thing that could have happened to her it seemed. She was much more care-free, she changed her hair and makeup, and started to dress ten or fifteen years younger. Nothing shocking; but very sexy in and out of the office. I was no longer the only hottie when we went out. We were almost competing!

Of course as girlfriends we talked about everything, and the inevitable discussion about him being so young, and "was he good," and what "it was like" came up. She spared no details in letting me know that he was the most incredible lover she had ever had, and no, that was not the reason she had married him (they had eloped the moment it was legally permissible). 

She got this dreamy look on her face whenever she talked about him, and I could always tell she was practically reliving some hot, steamy, fuck-a-thon they had probably had not long ago. I was jealous, but delighted. The thought of her being done by a guy half her age just made me plain horny. I wanted it too.

I was in an off-and-on relationship for some time with a lawyer a couple of years younger than me. He was nice, but nothing to write home about. I joined a site online and tried to find me some young stud as a play thing for my very own. I had no intention of marrying him like Tina did for Christ's sakes; but I was honestly sickened by most of the responses, and then simply overwhelmed. It made me realize I wanted intimacy on a stronger level, not just a friend with benefits situation. So I gave that up.

Then there was something else. I spent a lot of time with the two of them. At first I was not too sure about him coming along with us shopping all day, or helping us cook in the kitchen and talk with us girls. He didn't always do it, but the times that he din come along, I could tell he actually enjoyed it as much as she did! And you know what? Instead of being jealous or irritated with him being there with her all the time, I started to enjoy him being around too.

It was great having a young man helping us pick out shoes and admire us as we perused the clothing racks. And I can tell you, it became an incredible turn on knowing he was watching me as much as he was watching his wife. He tried to be a good guy at first, bashfully looking away when I would hold a sexy negligee or short skirt up against my body. Tina thought it was hysterical, and teased him mercilessly. I couldn't always hear what she was saying to him, but I would occasionally catch a, "Go ahead and look, Sweetie," or "Stop being silly, she wants you too."

It didn't take many shopping trips before Jason was happily, and should I say excitedly, helping me with my choices as well. When Tina would still be in the dressing room, I would come out in my little outfit, with my bare feet and painted toes and stand there asking his opinion.

"What do you think? I don't look too fat, do I? Are you sure? I don't know... it looks a little short to me... and a bit snug in the rear." He would watch me slim the skirt over both cheeks as I looked back at him and he would have this shit-eat-grin on his face.

"You look perfect, Ally," he would say. Or sometimes, if he was in a really feisty mood, "It could use a slit on that side though!"

I would either thank him (if it was the first comment) and act like he was the best little thing ever before sauntering back in; or if it was the latter, I would feign shock that he was being so bad, and say so; that he would probably just love to me see in something like that, wouldn't he? Shame on him. And if no one was around I would step over and play push him away before slowly going back inside, knowing he was watching my ass in that tight dress the whole time. I got an incredible rush by flirting with him with Tina that close like that. It was more than him just being young, and HOT. I have to admit that a part of it was being able to excite another woman's husband; and my best friend's husband at that. It was all perfectly safe as well, and he was the type that would never make the move on me, I knew that, because he was "in love" with Tina so much. It was almost a challenge some days to get him to flirt back, but I always won in the end.

We became something like the Three Musketeers actually, which was kind of amusing considering our ages and him being a man and so NOT gay. The three of us always attended weddings from work, and funerals, bless their souls, and even a company picnic. We would always sit together, and eventually people stopped asking about David the Lawyer, and got used to seeing the three of us together. I secretly liked it. I had always had such a good time being around Tina, but then throwing Jason into the mix, just gave me that little jolt of sexual tension that seemed to never go away. Made me frustrated as Hell, but I loved it anyway.

I lived for these outings, and was disappointed when he didn't come along, which really did not happen that often. I recall once how both of us seemed very moody because Jason was working on a rare Saturday. At home, but still working and could not come with us. Tina and I both had almost begged him to come, and I had even plopped my ass down on his lap right in front of her while she stood there laughing. We saw what torture we were putting him through, that he really wanted to be with us, so we let him off the hook. It didn't help our moods though. So after an hour of not speaking and not seeing anything we liked at the local Nordstrom's, Tina said, "Fuck it. Let's go get smashed. I'm depressed."

So, somewhere between our second and third caramel apple martinis, Tina just came right our and said it. 

"You like having him around as much as I do, don't you?"

"Who?" I was trying to be coy, but I knew it wouldn't work.

She smiled and downed the rest of her drink before signaling the bartender for another. "As if." 

Tina turned more towards me on her bar stool, and looked straight into my eyes. We were both wearing what we called hoe-de-hoe tops (those little low cut, clingy blouses that show a LOT of cleavage and really hug your boobs provocatively), along with shorts and slip on sandals. Each of us had a nice anklet, and our usual bracelets and rings. We both looked hot, even for our age. We had been getting looks by a few of the male patrons in the establishment, but we were not interested. And now I was scared to death. I was afraid she knew about me secretly flirting with Jason all the time. Or thought that I even wanted him! Did I? I mean I did. But she WAS my best friend. And he was a married man.

"We need to find you a young stud just like mine, Girlfriend," she said. "You are in definite need of some attention."

"Well, thanks a lot!"

She just laughed. "You know you want someone young too. Don't fool yourself. Otherwise you and David the Lawyer would still be playing like the best of buds."

"Oh, fuck off." I tired to sound angry, but it came out pathetic. She hugged me and patted my knee.

"Maybe Jason can introduce you to someone. I am sure he has some young friend that would be dieing to go out with an old hottie like you!"

The thought of Jason suggesting someone else made my stomach turn. Why was that? Was I infatuated by him? Was it that I wanted HIM to be my man, not some other young thing? What kind of woman was I becoming? How could I even think of having an affair with my best friend's husband? I abhorred that type of conduct. Those women were whores and home-wreckers and a horrible menace to society. Yet even as I agreed to let Jason set me up with a friend, I know now that the wheels in my mind were already in motion for how I was going to seduce my best friend's, delectable young, boy-toy of a husband instead.

*****

I was hoping that Tina had forgotten about her little offer by the time we got back to their place, but sure enough, she went right into Jason's office and started to ask him if he knew anyone. I hesitantly walked in, but just stood in the doorway and watched my friend, sitting on her young husband's lap, his hands around her waist as he listened to her relate my embarrassing desire to have a young stud of my own.

"TINA!" I said, pretending that I was shocked. I knew I was blushing, but I was a little excited coming out in the open like this. My mind kept screaming for him to tell her, "NO! I don't know anyone. Sorry. Can't help you, Darling."

Jason looked at me and winked when she got to the part about me wanting a stud just like him. I swear I felt my puss do flip-flops in my panties. I stood there leaning against the door, playing with my necklace and looking lustfully back into his eyes, chewing my bottom lip. If he had an ounce of intuition, there would be no doubt of which young stud I hoped he would suggest.

"Geez! She's thinking about it already!" Tina laughed, obviously seeing my expression as much as I hoped Jason would. 

He just sat there with an almost wide-eyed expression, not quite smiling

"So do you know someone, Sweetie?" She asked.

"You know," he started, after a few seconds of silence. "I don't know if I really like the idea of some young creep hanging out with our Ally. He might steal her away from us!"

My heart melted. My pussy tingled. My nipples hardened. 

Tina looked at me with this adoring face and said, "Awwww, I think he's jealous!" Fortunately she got up then and just told him to think about it then. "It isn't fair for us to keep poor little Ally all for ourselves. She needs to have some fun too!" And this she had to say fast as she ran past me so that I couldn't punch her.

I turned around, still laughing and looked at Jason who was watching me. Now was the time for me to start I thought. So I walked over to him, still sitting in his chair and leaned down to plant a kiss on his cheek. I let it linger for a couple long seconds and then whispered in his ear, while placing both of my hands on his knees.

"I kind of like you being jealous over me, Sweetie."

I gave him another quick kiss on the cheek and looked into his startled eyes. Only as I pulled away did I realize that his hand must have instinctively come up to grip the side of my waist. I touched his fingers with mine as his hand pulled away, and then I left him to his thoughts; making certain I swiveled my hips just a little more than I needed to when exiting the room. 

Seduction is an art, and it takes time. It amazes me that in the few confessions I have read, people were able to get down to it so quickly. And I consider myself a very assertive and aggressive woman sexually. There has to be finesse to seducing your best friend's husband right under her nose though, even if you feel he is ready to jump in with both feet right from the get go. 

So I flirted and teased, mostly when Tina was out of the room, sometimes when she was there though, by doing things that didn't seem too overly sexual. A trace of my fingers across his neck. A pat on that cute butt when he went to refill our drinks. My neck hurts Tina, I think I need to go. Oh, Jason is the best at neck rubs? How convenient!

I brought myself so close so many times over the next couple of weeks, particularly the following Saturday night after being at their house all afternoon and letting him rub my feet for the first time ever. It was another baby step in seduction, as Tina sat on the other side of the L-shaped couch and both of us playfully placed our feet in his lap for attention. To this day, I don't know who of the three of us got more turned on by that first time. I know that she and Jason probably fucked their horny little asses off as soon as I left. 

Both of us had our little feet in his lap, and he was rubbing one of each of ours at the same time. I felt and saw Tina rubbing Jason's crotch with the heel of her other foot, and I decided to take a chance. Either she would tell me he was off limits or go with it. So I started to rub along his thigh with my foot and watch both of their reactions. Tina just raised her eyebrow and smiled. Then we both looked at Jason who appeared to be in Heaven. The foot rub session lasted quite a long while, with us taking turns on his crotch, and every once and a while I would attempt to wrestle for that privilege. Tina and I giggled like we were in school again and Jason just ate it up. It finally got to be too much for me, and I told them I had to go. They both got my meaning. It excited me to know that Jason would no doubt be thinking about me the whole time he was fucking his wife; my best friend. He was a man wasn't he? How could he not.

I had only one other chance to really lay it on thick, and that was an evening when the three of us went out to a movie. Over the past year I had gradually grown accustomed to sitting on one side of him, while Tina sat on the other. It started as a joke just to tease him one night after a day of flirting in department stores all day. Tina put me up to it. But he loved it. Having two older hotties, one on each side of him. 

Like I said, I had one chance that night. It came when Tina got up to use the bathroom before the movie started. It's a nice theater, so we could put the arm rests up on the seats between us. Tina and Jason always lifted theirs, but normally I left my down. That night I lifted mine too. He didn't say anything when I did it. Nor when I snuggled into him a bit and leaned my head on his shoulder. He instinctively lifted his arm to hold me, and before he could change his mind, I slid my body in more and let his arm come down around my left side. It was heavenly.

I knew I only had seconds before Tina came back. I let my right hand slide up along his left leg and squeeze his knee, tracing small patterns with my fingernails. That was it. Tina appeared at the bottom of the stairs, and I didn't want to be too obvious. I silently cursed her, and instantly felt guilty. But I know I had an effect on him. I sat up just a little and let my hand run along the inside of his leg and got the surprise of my life. That young husband was hung like a stud too. I had not had a real chance to gauge his size that night with my foot, being as constricted in those jeans as he was. Tina had told me he was the largest she had ever had, but until you see or feel something like that yourself, you are always skeptical. This boy was hung all the way to mid thigh though, and hard due in no small part to my manipulations. I gave him a quick squeeze, at which he squirmed and tried to straighten his legs out as Tina came into the aisle we were in.

"And don't we just look cozy," she said, with a giggle.

She sat down next to him and he lifted his arm the same way as he had with me. And so for the next 20 minutes or so, until his arms fell asleep I suppose, he had the two of us snuggled into him, whispering across him, eating popcorn and Kit-Kats, giggling and acting silly.

I thought about it. I could have called him the next day, but the wedding we were all going to was two days away, on Saturday, and somehow I felt it would be very awkward to have to sit there with Tina and her husband that soon after I had approached him to fuck me silly. It would definitely have to wait.

For the wedding, I wore a dress that Tina and I had gone shopping for without Jason along. It was short and sexy, with a nice slit up the side. He would love that. The dress hugged my bubble-butt in a way that it didn't look like I had a bubble-butt! Open-toed strapless sandals; my obligatory anklet; and no stockings, it being September still. I tied my hair back so it was up and off my shoulders and showed off my neck with brand new pearl necklace.

We rode together of course, with Tina and I in the front, her doing the driving. Jason was on the left side, and I thought at first it was just so he could talk to Tina in the rear view mirror as she drove. It was only after turning around in my seat to talk to him that I realized he could see, and no doubt had been watching, my crossed legs from where he sat for some time. My dress was well above mid-thigh, and while he blushed and turned away for a moment, when he caught my eye again, I made it clear that looking was fine by me when I turned and gave him an even clearer view: leg crossed, shoe dangling, foot arched. 

I talked as if nothing was going on between us, and didn't bat an eye when he got bold and let his eyes take in my tanned legs from my little red-painted toes all the way up to where my dress obstructed the view. I smiled a little, as if to say, I know very well what I am doing to you, and I like it too. Then I went back to talking to Tina as her young husband sat two feet away from me ogling to his delight.

The wedding of course, was a bore as usual. Mostly standing around waiting for it to start. The forced mingling with people you never would speak to otherwise. Tina and I both put on a very good face for that though; very lively, very glad to see everyone. The life of the party, that was us as always. Jason was quiet and, not knowing anyone really, kept himself out of the way. But when I saw one of the Bride's nieces hovering around him, not paying a lick of attention to that ring on his finger, I swooped in and brought his cute little ass back over to where I could keep things under control! If anyone was going to steal my best friend's husband, it was going to be me, not some little floozie!

The little tramp just looked shocked when I came up behind him and whispered for us to go find seats for us and Tina. I winked in a very catty way and she high-tailed it out of there. Jason scarcely noticed. He was absolutely mesmerized by my arm hooked through his and me holding his hand as I led him to one of the rows in the back.

We sat down, and I made a show of continuously looking for Tina to let her know where we were sitting. I could feel his eyes on me as we sat there. I casually placed my left hand on his right leg when I turned and waved to her, seeing that she was looking for us, but I didn't move my hand; not until Tina was almost to our pew. I gave him one last determined squeeze before she rounded the corner, never once looking in his direction.

Tina sat down and kissed her young hubby. She was in her glory, showing off her new young husband in front of old acquaintances. I knew I would have to back off a bit to make sure the word did not get back to her. I mean, I wanted to fuck her husband, but I didn't want to lose her friendship. Is that so terribly selfish?
