 This is a follow up to, Best Friend Surprise

*

Even with Jane being a lesbian, except for having best friend sex with me, one thing we never even considered was a threesome. No one else even knew we had sex. Not that there weren't women who brought the possibility up.

At one point I was dating Margie who was a beautiful long thin blonde. She was not that bright but a warm, caring, funny person until she got a few drinks in her and then she let loose. One time we were at a party and she was well lubricated and that's when she tried to talk Jane and me into a threesome, tried really hard. 

Now without Margie being my girlfriend Jane would have had an interest in Margie but we weren't going to go there so I just took Margie home and we had a fabulous time. The next morning she didn't even remember being interested. The subject never came up again and we eventually broke up. 

Shortly thereafter Jane was dating Lucinda for a few weeks but from our conversations it didn't seem like it was a good match. The way Jane talked she was just looking for an easy way to be able to end it. Lucinda is a big, gregarious funny girl with short straight black hair. She is 5-9 tall 200 pounds with a thick body, a large bust, wide hips and rather big solid ass. I would just say, damn she's built. Unfortunately she is about the most self centered, egotistical and selfish person I think I've met, which made her a bad fit for Jane.

One Saturday afternoon I was over at Jane's watching TV with her and Lucinda, who is a diehard channel surfer. At one point I had the remote and Lucinda tried to take it away from me. We began wrestling for the remote, which progressed into some laughing, grabbing and we rolled gently onto the floor. 

I love Jane but I freely admit that I was at least going to take the opportunity to get a hand or two on Lucinda's body. Not exactly innocent Lucinda was also feeling for more than the remote.

Figuring we had done just about enough, and with Lucinda's size I was getting tired, I let her get on top of me. Well she sat down on my stomach facing my feet and started rubbing my crotch, "Jane honey, I don't want to be greedy but if you're interested in joining me I'm really up for getting a good old fashioned banging from this man meat." 

Given that Jane and I weren't going there and their relationship was winding down it wasn't that much of a shock to hear Jane say, "No thanks Luce but you feel free to go for it." 

Now I would never just fuck Jane's girlfriend but knowing the situation this seemed like the avenue Jane needed to break up with Lucinda. We both saw it and gave each other a knowing look. Lucinda sure wasn't concerned with Jane's feelings so what's to lose, it was going to work out all around. 

Lucinda got up off me and helped me to my feet then pulled me towards the door. We made it to my place in short order and were naked by the time we hit the bedroom. 

Lucinda pushed me down on the bed and climbed on me in a 69 position. I'm a couple of inches taller than Lucinda but she does have 30 pounds on me and I have to admit, she's more solid than I am. 

She went at my cock like she needed it for nourishment. I went to work on her neatly trimmed pussy while caressing her big solid ass and thick firm thighs. She's a beast but it was fun to take her on. 

It was hard to tell if Lucinda was getting off but she had me good and hard because she can suck cock. But I kept at it because it was just fun to have a big woman to play with. 

Lucinda sucked on my balls then rolled onto her back, spread her legs and said, "Roll a condom on that cunt thumper and give it to me." 

Who am I to argue with a horny big ass woman who wants it bad. I got a condom on and slid between Lucinda's considerable thighs. And that was quite the place to be. I had never really been with a big woman nor one as solidly built as Lucinda but it wasn't difficult to enjoy. 

I was fucking Lucinda slowly when she planted her feet on the bed and began humping up at me and bellowed, "Fuck me harder give it to me big time." 

I aim to please so I gave it to her faster and harder which Lucinda really got off on. I have to say I had never fucked a woman as hard as I was giving it to Lucinda but then again I had never been with a woman as powerfully built as she is. 

Lucinda had her eyes closed, was licking her lips and massaging her fat tits so I guess I was doing my part as I pumped the length of my dick in and out of her pussy with all my weight behind it. 

I hoped it was good for Lucinda because all that was enough for me. Placing my hands on her shoulders I pushed in all the way and shot my load. Lucinda just kept squeezing her tits as I pulled out and flopped down on top of Lucinda and began to suck on her tits and catch my breath. 

Later as we were kissing and grinding against each other Lucinda was giving me a hand job to get me hard and once that was accomplished with me on my back she grabbed a condom and rolled it on me then said, "OK Big boy I'm going to ride this pony."

It was pretty much her show anyway so I just took a deep breath as Lucinda straddled my hips and with the head of my cock aimed at her pussy slowly lowered herself down. Lucinda took the head of my dick into her pussy and wasted no time working half then all of it into her snatch.

As she began forcefully slamming down on top of me I kept wondering, how she could want cock so bad and get into a relationship with another woman. But that was part of learning how everything with Lucinda was all about Lucinda. 

As she slammed down on me, fucking herself with my dick, I was taking more of a pounding than I had been giving Lucinda earlier. I would have tried to get my hands on some part of Lucinda's big body but she was moving hard and fast and I honestly didn't want to get injured trying to get in too deep on the action. I was discovering this was not the ideal position to be with a big ass horny woman.

I'm not sure it mattered to Lucinda but I came and fortunately for me just after that she tired and fell flat on top of me. I hugged her and rolled over so I was on top of her and kissed her then asked, "How was that ride?"

She grabbed my ass with both hands and said, "You do all right for yourself. I like your cock."

I just thought to myself, 'well there's one in my column'.

We were taking a break so to speak, Lucinda was laying on her back and I was sucking on her tits and fingering her pussy. I was feeling god but at some point Lucinda got an urge, "Let me suck that cock hard so you can do me up the ass. Damn you do such a good job pumping my pussy I almost didn't think of having you do me up the ass. " 

I might have thought of it but knowing the size of her ass and having felt how solid it is I wasn't sure how to take on that much ass. But I was game to give it a go, "That sounds like a great idea."

It didn't take much for Lucinda to help me get it up and once I was she handed me a tube of lube and a condom and rolled onto her hands and knees. Silent orders if not exactly romantic but why bother with pleasantries. 

I greased up her ass, rolled the condom on and knelt behind Lucinda. Having had no further instructions I slapped her hard on the left side of her ass and said, "We're good to go on this end."

Lucinda turned her head back at me and replied, "Well hit it hard you've got plenty to work with."

I almost said, 'no shit' but just rubbed her big ass and got to it. For a second I considered going slow so as not to cause Lucinda great pain but then I figured why bother to wait for her to tell me to fuck her hard. So I poked the head of my dick in her tight back door and pushed hard. 

I had a firm grip on Lucinda's wide hips and it didn't take long for me to be pumping the full length of my dick into her ass as I slammed against her big solid backside. I thought about reaching around to get my hands on her fat jugs but Lucinda was rocking back and forth, having her own good time and not matching my efforts so it was best to just keep a grip on her hips. 

This was a power fuck like I've never experienced it was a chore just to hang onto Lucinda as she got her big body rocking. When she finally settled down I leaned over her back and reached around with my right hand to finger her pussy and grabbed a fat tit with my left. Lucinda moaned and had a powerful orgasm which was enough for me and I came buried to the balls in her fat ass. 

Lucinda came again then pitched forward face down on the bed. I flopped on top of her and kissed the back of her neck and asked, "How was that?"

She was a little out of breath and said, "You're man enough to bang my ass, I'll say that for you."

So another one for me. We layed like that for a while then I said I had to go. Lucinda, per usual didn't have much concern if I stayed or left.

That was how Jane broke up with her, Lucinda wasn't overly concerned, Jane had an easy break up, I helped her out and got some. It worked out well for everyone. 

You might say Lucinda is bisexual but really she's more self sexual, she probably has as good a time masturbating as she does with any partner because she's mostly concerned with her own gratification. I knew I wouldn't be getting into a relationship with Lucinda. Whenever she was horny she would call me and if it was at all possible I rearranged my schedule to make time to fuck her. 

I called Lucinda a few times at first but true to her selfish nature she wasn't as available in kind so I put her down as a surprise encounter that popped up. At some point she stopped calling but I didn't worry about it. It had been a thankfully brief yet satisfying relationship that actually helped a friend.