 "Fuck you, prick, leave me alone!" I heard her yell in the living room as I was lying on my bed.

My feet immediately met the floor and I ran to the living room. My eyes got view of her sitting on the couch, with her face buried in her hands.

"Shit, again?" I asked myself.

I scratched my head while I thought of what to say exactly and walked towards her.

"That bad huh?" I asked, sitting down on her left side and putting my right hand on her back.

She threw her phone at the wall and then wrapped her arms around me. "Why is the only good guy on the planet, the one that doesn't want to fuck me mentally or physically?" she cried.

I just held for a minute as I rubbed her back with both hands, going up and down numerous times and while my lips met her cheek a few times too. "I don't know, Gwen. I wish there was something else I could do or say."

I let go of her and she backed away slightly. "No, you've already been a saint to me: you've taken me in and treated me better than a queen for a month now. I can't thank you enough," she said, before she broke eye contact and lied back. "I only wish I didn't fall in love with that jerk. Three years of life I'll never ever get back. Then to add insult to injury, not five minutes after he tore my heart to shreds, he wanted me back. As if I was his property that he could just control. I'm just glad we didn't have kids."

I kissed her on the cheek again. "Well, if there is anything I can do for you, just tell me. I'll do it for you."

She turned to me and grabbed my hands. "I love you, Chet. I know I've been saying that since we were sixteen when we met in high school, but I really love you. Way more than a friend," she declared.

With tears still shedding, she licked her lips while eyeballing me. "Chet, may I kiss you on the lips, please? Just so I can feel it from someone that loves me at least in a friendly way?"

My eyebrows rose. "I don't think so, Gwen. I know Jim is an asshole, but I can't do that."

"Please, for me?" she pleaded, tightening her grip. "You said you'd do anything."

My head nodded slightly and her lips came right to mine. We kissed for only ten seconds, until my lips came off hers. She immediately posted a disappointed look and her head went down. Due to the fact that I kissed a pretty woman, a bulge was born in my pants.

My left hand came onto her leg and the other hand covered my cock. "You are an amazing woman, Gwen. I know you'll find someone that you'll love and who will love you too in that special way. You just gotta be patient. I couldn't be more sorry it didn't work out with Jim."

Her lips ventured inside her mouth for a minute and she came closer to me. "Chet, please make love to me. I don't want it, I need it. I haven't had sex in over a year now, will you please do it for me?"

My head leaned back and my left hand rubbed onto my forehead. "We've been over this, Gwen, I just think our love isn't like that. We've maintained our great friendship, because we haven't given into those urges."

"Pretty please, I'll be so thankful to you and we've been best friends for nine years now. I'm not asking you to love me like that, I just want a sexual favor from the guy that cares about me most in the world. Just think of me as your girlfriend."

My teeth met my bottom lip rather hard as she kept her teary eyes on me.

"I love you, but I think I love you too much to risk messing up our friendship, Gwen. I'd be too afraid something would happen to us afterward. Besides, you are still legally married."

"I promise, we'll still be friends, nothing will ever change that. Jim and I are separated and I'm divorcing the asshole, so you will have nothing to feel guilty about. I just have to get him to sign the papers. Twenty years from now, we'll be talking about this and we'll just remember how we just became closer. Please, Chet, have sex with me. We can do anything you want, have oral, anal, you can fuck me doggie style, I don't care. I just want you to have sex with me."

I took my hands away. "I'm sorry, Gwen, I just can't," I told her, shaking my head no. "Kissing is one thing, but sex is on a whole different level."

Her head went down for a few seconds as she continued to cry. My hands came up with my fingers lingering around, trying to think of how to make her feel better.

She glanced back at me and sighed. "Whatever, Chet. I guess you aren't the man I thought you were," she said, before she got up.

Her eyes came back to me. "All you had to do was fuck me and make us both feel really good in the process, I didn't think it would be that hard. I was sure you'd jump at the chance to make me feel better like that. I'm a desirable woman and you just blew it."

I looked at her. "Gwen, it is not that I don't find you attractive," I let her know, as she walked towards the hallway.

"Save it, Chet, I don't want to hear it," she told me, just before she vanished into the hallway.

"Fuck," I muttered, lying back and putting my hands onto my face.

The sound of the extra bedroom door closing hit the airwaves. I just sat there for a little while with my brain on fire. Her phone rang several times during my thinking term.

"Quit calling her already, Jim, damn," I said, hitting my leg.

"Gwen, you would have felt good during our sex session, but I know it would have torn you up after it was over. Regardless of how much he hurt you, you are just not one to hurt someone back like that," I said to myself.

I stayed silent for another minute. "Yeah, saying that would have just pissed her off even more. What am I supposed to do now?"

After an hour of wrapping my mind around it, I got up and walked into the hallway to go talk to her. I saw the door still shut as I ambled towards it. As I arrived in front of it, I put my right ear against the door. There was no sound, so my hand met the door knob and I opened the door slightly.

I got view of her just in her pink bra and thong set as she slept on the bed with her face towards me. Her butt aimed up towards the ceiling and I felt my cock become hard again. My hand pushed the door open just enough for me to sneak through without making a sound.

"Well, you do have a sexy body, Gwen," I whispered, checking out the entire back half of her body and as my eyes widened.

"Damn, did I make a mistake turning you down?" I whispered. "Whether you'd be cheating or not, I'd love to make love to this sensual body. You are still my best friend though."

My hands clenched up and my head fell backward as I let out a loud exhale.

Then I looked back at her butt and my hand calmly dropped down towards her. "What are doing, Chet?" I asked myself.

Eventually, my right hand came in contact with her back. "Smooth and very soft," I commended her, as I rubbed it ever so softly in very small strokes just below her bra clasp.

"Letting my cock lead me, obviously," I answered myself, as I felt my pants get even tighter and felt sweat beginning to flow down my head.

Then my eyes drifted to her butt and drops of saliva fell to the bed. "Do it if you are gonna do it, dude," I whispered, prior to my hand floating over to her right butt cheek.

"Holy shit," I muttered, as my boner ventured up into my waistband.

I rubbed her butt incredibly lazily with my entire palm and every single one of my front teeth showed as I sported a big smile. Her butt seemed to be softer than the big queen size mattress and it was quite warm too. There was no resistance for my other hand to make it's way over onto her other butt cheek. I caressed them both as my breathing habits became very heavy.

"Oh, this is wrong, but it feels so right," I whispered.

My head leaned back slightly and my eyelids shut.

Images of us kissing jumped into my mind. "Oh, maybe I'm just an idiot," I moaned, as I rubbed both of her butt cheeks. "I should have just threw caution to the wind and helped her commit adultery. He deserved it anyway."

My head began moving around in different directions nonstop as I felt my nerves being spiked way up. Then I imagined her just waking up, looking at me and not freaking out. I fancied her just undressing me and then herself, as not a word was spoken.

"Will you make love to me now, Chet?" she asked in the fantasy, as she lied down on her back naked.

"Yes," I answered, smiling and getting on top of her. "I'd love to."

We made love for over ten minutes as both of us enveloped our arms around each other and giving one another several kisses too. During the entire fantasy, my hands maintained their place on her butt and my cock remained rock hard. It just felt right.

"Oh, I'm gonna cum, Gwen," I moaned out loud.

"Will you cum inside me, please? Just because you love me?" she asked in my head.

"Yes," I moaned.

Then in a sense, my cock shot out cum twice. Inside her, which was in my fantasy. Also into waistband while it got onto my stomach and belly button in the real world.

I just stood there for about thirty seconds afterward. "Oh, shit," I moaned, as I opened my eyes.

I looked down at her hand covered butt and I immediately took my hands away. "Crap, what did I just do?" I whispered, walking backward with my hands still in the air.

I hit my hip and then tip toed back to the door. I escaped undetected and marched to my room. I lied down on the bed as the clock struck five on that Saturday evening and I took a cat nap. As the seven o clock hour was breached, I awoke. I heard the shower running, as I rubbed my eyes.

My hand left my face and I noticed my cock was still slightly stiff. "I wonder if I could see her showering naked."

My feet met the floor and I strolled to my door. I opened it up and walked out into the hallway. I looked at the bathroom door and saw it crack slightly.

"Interesting," I whispered, slowly moving towards the door as another big hard on sprouted up.

I calmly made my way to the door and opened it coolly not to attract attention. I looked in there and saw a naked Gwen, but through my blurry shower door. I knew she had decent sized tits and they showed even through the door.

"Fuck me," I mouthed.

I saw her washing herself and my right hand dropped to my pants. I felt my hard cock and I took in a deep breath.

"Oh, I guess I really didn't know what I was turning down," I muttered. "You'll know better next time, Moron," I told myself.

Then she turned towards me, but didn't notice me, as I slowly dropped to my knees. She kept washing herself and nothing was said. My eyes dropped to her crotch and saw a dark spot.

"Bushy lady," I moaned slightly.

As my imagination was used to picture the door not being there, my heart rate spiked up and my hand ventured into my pants. It grabbed onto my hard cock and brushed it. My head lowered slightly and my mouth opened.

"Oh, Gwen, I had no idea you could be so hot," I whispered.

My eyes continued ogle her blurred body for a minute longer as my hand felt the rock hardness of my cock. I squinted as hard as they could to make out her nice tits. It was impossible to really make them out, but even with my eyes opened, my imagination took care of that.

She took her black squeegee and rubbed it on all over her boobs. "Yes, you love my tits, don't you, Chet? Wash them for me and then douse them in saliva just so you have to wash them again. Let's see if you can do it without cumming this time," she said.

"Oh, yeah," I whispered.

I heard that, but there were no moans being unleashed though.

"You aren't masturbating, but you do have a thing for me. I think I made you just want me more," I whispered.

"Damn it, you sprayed me with your mouth and cock. Can't you control yourself?"

My hand stroked my cock as quickly as possible while still in my pants. Just before my hand couldn't handle the pain anymore, more cum graced my waistband, boxers and stomach.

"Oh," I moaned slightly while vibrating. "That's the ticket."

Then she turned the water off and I extracted my hand from my pants. As she stood in the shower for a few more seconds, I quietly stood up, escaped and made my way back to my room.

I tip toed the whole sixteen feet there and quietly walked in. "Wow, why is she so hot all of the sudden?" I asked, as I shut the door. "Just because she asked me to have sex with her?"

I turned on the light, ambled to my bed and just sat on the edge. "Well, in the span of less than a day, she asked me to make love to her, I felt her bare butt, spied on her in the shower and masturbated to her twice. Damn, she is wicked in her own way," I said, just before I lied back in the middle of the bed.

My body rested and my mind tried to comprehend those events. "I never thought of her sexually before, but now I'm wondering why. Really, even though we are best friends, why haven't we ever had sex before? At least experimented to see what it would be like?"

My hand floated back down to my cock and it was still rock hard. "She is better than Viagra," I said, pushing down my pants and boxers and bringing my cock out into the light.

My right palm wrapped around it and began rubbing it again. In my head, I just pictured her naked, walking around the house.

"Yes, flaunt that sexy body around here, I don't mind."

A giant smile plagued my face. "Ow, my hand hurts, but I'll cum thinking of her again."

Despite the pain, I stroked up and down faster on my eight inch cock. Then my imagination took a turn as I had her get down on her knees and take my cock in her mouth.

"No, she only asked to make love to her," I said, opening my eyes. "She offered other stuff, but, fuck, I don't know. She is my best friend, I can't think of her blowing me," I protested myself. "I'll think about making love to her again," I mentioned, closing my eyes again.

So back in my mind, I had her lie down for me, I got on top of her and stuck my cock inside her. "You still rubbed her butt too though, dumb ass," I laughed at myself. "Where is your line then?"

My hand continued stroking my cock like there was no tomorrow. "It is like I can see, after being blind for my whole life."

After another minute, I felt the surge going on inside me that I always felt right before I cock would shoot. Then there was a knock at the door.

"Shit," I whispered.

"Hey, Chet, may I come in?" she asked through the door as I came.

The door just opened and I immediately covered myself up as I shot more cum at my blanket. I saw her in just her robe as my cock was still out of my pants. It felt like my lungs were cut off from my body all of the sudden.

"I'm sorry, I just came in, but I had to talk to you," she told me, walking towards the bed. "We can't just leave things like that."

I sported a somewhat flustered face as sweat poured down it. "It is okay, what's up?"

She sat down on the bed about a foot away from me and looked towards me. "I just wanted to apologize. I shouldn't have put you in that position, we are best friends and I should definitely respect that. Who knows what would happen if we had sex."

"I understand, it is alright, Gwen. You are just a woman in need to have your desires fulfilled."

"That is simply well put," she chuckled slightly. "I do appreciate your understanding, but may I ask you one more favor?" she asked, putting her hand onto my right leg still over the blanket.

"Sure, what is it?"

"May I kiss you one more time, please?" she pleaded, featuring a guilty face.

An involuntary smile came about and my eyes widened. "Sure."

Then she leaned down towards my lips and kissed me. Both of us kept our arms down over the duration of our fifteen second kiss.

Then she leaned back. "Thank you, Chet. Do you still love me, in a friendly way?"

My head just nodded as my hands and feet clenched up under the blanket.

"Thank you, that means everything to me. Well, goodnight," she said, before she got up.

She ambled over to my door and I leaned up slightly. As her hand met the door knob, my left hand came up as I had the desire to speak. My teeth bit down on my bottom lip as she opened the door.

"Damn, I can't say something now after what she just said," I muttered to myself.

I watched her stand there for a moment as nothing was said.

"What are you doing, Gwen?" I thought to myself.

Then she turned around with a few tears on her face. "Chet, I'm sorry, but you have to at least see what you are turning down," she made clear, just before she untied her robe and let it fall off her.

I got a very clear look at the front of her naked five foot four body. Her semi long brown hair, smooth skin, slightly more than average sized tits for her petite body, flat stomach and to top it all off that I hadn't seen before that night, her hairy, but not too hairy bush.

More tears were shed by her as she slowly strolled back towards me. "I'm sorry I'm pushing by putting myself out here like this, but I wanna be with you, Chet. I love you, not in a friendly way. I love you as a lover and I think I have since we met in high school," she explained, inching towards me, up until she arrived right in front of me.

"I never should have married him, I should have married you. You've been the best thing in my life, not him. Even if I proposed to you, I know we both would have been better off. You've never disrespected me or made me feel weak. You've just been my best friend and more. So now, please touch my naked body."

No words were spoken for over a minute. "Okay," I replied, as my head bent back down.

My shaking hand escaped from under the blanket and slowly roamed over to her stomach. It felt even softer than I imagined as it was completely clear. I only picked that part of her body in efforts not to give my new found sexual desires away so easily.

"You have a very soft stomach and a ravishing body, Gwen, but you are still married."

Her head leaned up and her eyes rolled. "Come on, damn it," she snapped, stomping her foot on the floor. "I know this is inappropriate, but can't you throw your morals to the side just for tonight, please?"

I looked right into her brown eyes, as they were sad and watery and she looked right back at mine.

I took in a deep breath. "I'm sorry, but I refuse, Gwen. I just care about you and our friendship too much. Please understand that," I said, as I began to tear up slightly. "Your friendship to me is like my whole world."

Her best was attempted to halt her tears. "If you won't make love to me, will at least just hold me in your arms, if only for a moment? Grant me that at least," she pleaded, putting her arms out as she was about two feet away from me.

My eyes just stayed on hers for about twenty seconds and I resisted not to have them drift south.

"Okay," I said, getting up and standing about eight inches taller than her.

The blanket fell off me and my cock entered her vision for the first time ever. No words were spoken though, as she checked out my six foot body. I wasn't petite like her, but I did have brown hair and a decent amount of pubic hair too that accompanied my cock and balls.

She just wrapped her arms around me and I did the same about ten seconds later. We held each other for about a minute, before I heard her crying with her head leaned on my right shoulder.

"Please don't cry," I said, positioning my right hand on the back of her head. "I promise, you'll always have me as a friend."

She continued to cry and I just consoled her.

"What am I supposed to do?" I thought to myself. "What if she is meant to get back with her husband? I can't just pull the plug on their marriage, but what if just making love to her is best thing for her?"

Then my cock became even harder, even as she was crying. As it poked right onto her stomach, she backed away slightly. Her wet eyes stayed on me for a moment as my lips were sucked into my mouth. Then her head leaned down slightly and glanced at my cock.
