 "I could come kidnap you." 

That text message made me smile as I lay in my bed, wondering if he was serious or just messing around with me. It took me a few minutes to make up my mind, and I sent one back- "K, give me a few minutes."

That was calm, collected, smooth. Really I was racing around my room, no longer comfortable in my bed, looking for something halfway decent to wear, trying to fix tear smudged make up and digging around for my body spray. It was midnight, and I knew the night would only be longer. 

I zipped up my green coat over my stripped polo and tight jeans and stepped out into the night. Snow sparkled under the nearly full moon and the headlights of his car as he pulled up. As I walked in front of the headlights I was hoping he was checking my legs and firm ass out, the jeans made me look great. Maybe I pranced a little bit, but I didn't get a comment, so I don't think he noticed. I got in and smiled, his familiar grin spreading across his face in a way I hadn't seen in months. But he saw me, and it made me smile even more.

I got into his apartment, and almost as if I had been there a hundred times before, I took off my shoes, unzipped my parka and jumped into the loveseat in front of the TV that I designated as my "spot" my first time over. He took off his sweatshirt and I gagged a bit at his choice of shirts, a Buffs long sleeve. "Ugh, take that off." I said, feeling moto over school pride and ducking as he ripped the shirt off and flung it at me. "Better?" he asked. I casually nodded, "It'll do." It gave me time to 'sarcastically' check him out, and I liked what I saw. Working out had made his shoulders and arms noticeably bigger and much more sexy. I could tell his chest was bigger and I could only assume that his abs were more defined. Still pale, but very sexy to me. He looked Baltic and I couldn't help but sigh inside. I laid and stretched out on the little couch as he popped in Final Fantasy, singing along and narrating fight scenes as if I were blind. And then making fun of me significantly.

That movie and several rounds of Guitar Hero later, I woke up to him tucking me in under a green blanket while still crashed out on my "spot." I drowsily rolled over to watch him play more, comfortable on the couch and listening to pretty good music and drifting in and out of consciousness. I felt safe enough to let myself sleep there. 

When I woke up the TV was off, and the room was dark. I let my eyes adjust, and he walked out of his room wearing that sexy black tank top and his pajama bottoms. I looked at him for a second too long, because he smiled like he knew something was up. I snuggled back under the cover he had tucked me in under and I heard him call out from his room, "You can come sleep in the bed if you want."

Of course I wanted to. I wanted to –not- sleep in the bed. Not until dawn at least. But his new thing in order to find himself and change was to not partake in sex. As much as I wanted to tantalize him and just sleep in my bra and panties, I remained fully clothed, in jeans and all. It definitely wasn't my place to steal away his wholesome behavior streak. But if I could just touch him... rub against him to let him at least know I wanted him. Instead I curled up on his shoulder, and tried to go to sleep. He smelled so good, I was distracted. But he relaxed, and I took that as he was going to sleep. I lay my head back down on his shoulder. His breathing evened out and I lifted my head to look at him, taking him in while he slept. I liked his profile, and the way the light coming in the window highlighted the best angles of his handsome face.

"Having fun looking at me?" he said without opening his eyes. I blushed furiously and put my head back down. I had thought he was sleeping. I quickly responded, to make it sound like I wasn't really just looking at how sexy he was and trying to distract myself from wanting to lay a kiss on those soft lips. 

"I'm waiting for you to fall asleep so I can take advantage of you."

"Hey, let's keep it R-rated"

In my head I ran through a lot of R-rated movies... there was sex in all of them. It didn't help my situation at all.

That notion slipped aside as I lay my head on his shoulder, knowing that what had happened before had very little chance of happening again. I started to drift off to sleep, my body relaxing from my toes up. I let my hand lay on his chest, and my fingers rubbed him softly as I curled up to sleep. Its when his fingers, wrapped around my back and resting on my side touched me back that I tensed up again. He did that last time as we watched TV. I looked up into his face. He was so still, he had to be asleep. Still his fingers brushed against me again. Was I good enough for him to be dreaming about me?

I gently caressed his throat with the very tips of my fingers, lightly and softly. I talked to him in my head, the things I wanted to say to him. "Your heart is beating a little fast for me to believe you just want to sleep." "If I kissed you now would you be angry?" "God, I want to kiss you. I'm going to move to the couch, I don't want to mess up your streak of wholesome behavior." I squirmed a bit, trying to get the leverage to quietly slide out of his bed and go curl up to sleep in my "spot". Instead of getting out of his grip, he tightened it around me and pulled me close. I liked it, surprisingly, being close and slightly out of control. The stubble on his chin grazed my forehead and it woke me up a bit more. He was nuzzling with me. I fought myself, if he was asleep I didn't want to violate him, and if he was awake... well if he was awake there are quite a few things I'd want to do with him.

I still couldn't tell if he was awake or asleep as he tucked his chin down and nuzzled against me again, the slight push of his lips leading me to believe it was a kiss. Suddenly I was wide awake. Curled up against his body, I put my hand on his chest, a safe spot if he was asleep. He ran his hand down my side and used the other one to slide my hand that rested on his chest down across his abs, down until I felt the cozy flannel of his sleep pants. Once again doubt raced through me, and though I lingered for a second, feeling his heartbeat right under his belt line, I pulled my hand back up to his chest. I looked to his face, his eyes were still closed. He wrapped his arm tighter around me, bringing me closer to his body. I was getting wetter the more he stroked my side. He took my hand that was replaced on his chest and pushed it down again, and I let my fingers dip below the waist of his pants. I looked up to see his eyes flutter open and had just enough time to react to the kiss I suddenly felt on my lips.

My eyes were still open; I didn't know whether he was awake or asleep as our tongues danced gently. I pushed off of him just enough space to be able to look him in the eyes. It forced my hips to press against his growing cock.

"Are you awake?" I asked urgently, wanting to do more than just kiss him. I wanted to let my hands wander, let my lips be put to use in places other than his mouth. I got no coherent response, so I kissed him back again.

Through his pants, I brushed over his cock, hard as could be at that moment. It made his back arch and he moaned in a whisper, "ohhh..." I stroked him again and he pulled my head back down and kissed me again, harder, a more needing kiss.

"Are you awake?" I asked again as he pushed the blanket off from us, my eyes open and nearly fearful, my mind racing. I had two options, admit this was not the best course of action, hope he was asleep and not follow through, or take that swollen cock into my hands and mouth and rock his world. As he raised his hips to rub himself against me, I leaned towards the latter option as just the slight pressure from my fingertips made him moan again. 

I kissed him back, nibbling on his lip, and when I pulled back his blue eyes captured just enough light to let me see the ravenous look in them. 

"I'm awake," he said before taking my head in his hands and biting my lip back, hard. 

It was all I really needed. My shirt ended up on the floor and I had him by the neck, twisting his head out of the way so I could kiss and bite his throat, working my way down his muscular core, teasing him with my tongue. He was rubbing his groin against me, a mix between begging and demanding with the fierceness of his kiss and the way he moaned as I touched him. I used my nails in his chest, and he pushed his cock against my face. 

I used my lips on the outside of his pants, blowing lightly to make everything hot, teasing him even more. I pushed myself back up to his face and as he bit my neck he whispered "ohhh I want to fuck you." 

I rubbed the palm of my hand over the bulge in his pants, gripping his thick organ.

"You sure?" He arched his back again, inhaling sharply.

He nodded, and kissed me again, pulling me over top of him. Through my jeans I could feel the heat of what was going to occur, the way his hands ran up my back and pushed me down onto his cock, the way he kissed me and bit at my shoulders just heightened the mood. He hissed again, "I want to fuck you..."

I pushed his pants down, exposing him, and rubbed my lips on the soft head of his penis, flicking my tongue out and up and down, sliding the tip of him into my mouth. He shuddered with pleasure, and I got out of the bed, taking off my jeans as he practically ripped his pants off and threw them on the floor. 

I kept one hand on his cock as he pulled me forward by my neck and nibbled on me, pushing my bra out of the way to bite my nipples and suck on my breasts. That bra came off faster than his pants had, and next thing I knew I had a very handsome man caressing and fondling my breasts with tenderness, and alternating with biting my nipples and neck so hard it caused me to cry out, I couldn't tell the boundaries between pleasure and pain, all I know is that I wanted more from him. I broke from his grasp and ended up between his legs, sucking and licking his dick. I used one hands to gently roll his balls around and knead them tenderly as I sucked him down my throat, the thickness of him cutting off my air. 

He took my panties of as I did this to him, between when he was writhing in ecstasy and moaning. I smiled and licked his cock again, looking up at him with my mouth latched on to his cock, and I loved the reaction. He looked overcome with the urge to penetrate me. Roughly he pulled me up to him as he arranged himself to plunge inside of my wet pussy. I smiled; I wondered what he would think of the ring.

All thoughts ceased as he entered me, I only knew I was with him and I was being pleasured and filled with his dick as he thrust it into me repeatedly, sliding in and out of my bare pussy. I remember coming to the first of many orgasms that night and I squeezed all the muscles I had around him as I came, my body shuddering by just how good he was. I thought maybe before I was only exaggerating, but as I went straight from one orgasm to another I knew it was true. I held his arms above his head as I rode him hard, and as orgasm brought me to weakness, he pumped into me from below, making me cry out over how big he was and still feel the heat of the orgasms. 

I was so wet and I reached between my legs as I kneeled in front of him, feeling him buried balls deep inside of me, and cum leaking out. I ran my fingers over the hot cum and brought it to my lips.

"You came!" I said surprised, remembering how he told me he has never climaxed with just a girls work before. He was delicious; I slid off his still hard cock and licked him clean, then used my fingers to clean myself up as well. He smiled as I ate our mixed cum from my own pussy, but he was too good to just let it drip out wasted. I gave him a short round of head again, unnecessary because he wasn't even close to going soft yet. 

He slipped a finger inside of me and I couldn't help but arch my back and enjoy the pleasure that just one of his fingers could give me. He slipped another finger into my well lubed pussy, still dripping with cum, and hit every spot, bringing me to almost instant orgasm. I fell backwards, enjoying being ravished with his hand, fucking me almost as hard as he had a few minutes earlier. I begged him not to stop as he got up on top of me and forced his dick into my mouth, and the closer I got to coming the harder I sucked him and the harder he fucked me. I felt myself cum over and over again, and he didn't stop until I begged for a rest. I lost track of how many times I came, and as I finally caught my breath I felt him slide his dick back into me, and I lusted for more. 

"Oh God, fuck me harder!"

I got exactly what I asked for as he slammed his body against me fucking me till I could barely breathe, I tightened all of my muscles again and he moaned and fucked me more. He started to slow down, and it was good thing, I was coming off a multiple orgasm, once again courtesy of his excellent technique and the amazing view of his body as he did it. Watching his muscles flexing was nearly as good as the sex itself. 

I could barely talk as he pulled out and we kind of laid there, smiling at each other. All I could come up with was, "That was so amazing." He smiled back at me and I could have melted. I felt more cum dripping out of me, and it made me feel so good inside, to know I could be a first time. I giggled and flipped around in the bed till I was correctly angled to cuddle with him. He kissed my hair, and my forehead and my cheek before he got around to my lips, lightly planting a tender ending and drawing me close to him. 

At that second I didn't worry about how I looked, or what would happen in the morning, I was happy. He was happy. I left my concerns behind for that second, and I just listened to his heart beat. I was happy.