 Conversation in the ballroom came to a halt. There wasn't a gavel pounding on a table, or a fire alarm, rather it was Sidney Rich, purposely late, entering dressed in a revealing form-fitting red and black dress, followed by a beautiful brunette in a dark-blue business suit with a pink blouse.

Both women and men rushed to greet her. She received cheek to cheek kisses from the women and affectionate hugs from the men. I stood demurely outside the clustered hub-bub observing closely the cheery greetings. I knew most of them by name because as Sidney's Executive Secretary I'd seen their resumes, and memorized their names and faces. 

Sidney turned and spook over the din "Nikki would you be a dear and get me some bubbly?"

Nikki stepped to the nearest wait staff, retrieved a flute of champagne and took it to her.

"Thank you darling, you're a dear. You may mingle." She turned to Paul Edmunsen one of Sidney's major competitors.

My task was to meet as many members of the management staff of competitive firms and pick up as much information as I could. I was the most under-dressed woman at the reception which made me standout in the crowd. On my way to one of the many bars, I was stopped by a handsome older man who I knew to be James Henderson.

"I get you a drink Ms...?"

"Alderman, Nikki Alderman Mr. Henderson. Yes, I'd like some Champagne." She touched his arm with a well manicured hand with nails matching her blouse.

"How...how do you know my name? We've never met?" He asked confused as his eyes wondered over her body. 

"I'm Mrs. Rich's Executive Secretary, and I'm required to know the name and faces of all the important people in the business," she said confidently and with a strong, clear voice.

"That's very impressive. Don't go away. I'll be right back."

Nikki watched him rush to a waiter.

"Hello there, I'm Mike Sanders, I assume you're with Sidney. It's just like her to dress as a prima donna and have her assistant wear a business suit, even though you're much more beautiful. She loves the spotlight. That's enough gossip; I don't know your name."

"Mr. Sanders, it's so nice to finally meet you after having read most of your critiques of various clothing lines. I'm Nikki Alderman, Mrs. Rich's Executive Secretary." She offered him her hand.

He accepted her hand and held it. "I'm pleased to hear that someone reads my remarks." 

"Mike, I saw her first," Mr. Henderson, said as he returned with two flutes of Champagne and handed one to Nikki.

"Jim, Jim we're two old men who shouldn't be taking up the time of this beautiful young woman, rather than fighting over her. Why don't the two of us go to the veranda and smoke a cigar"

"Mike, why don't you go away and leave us alone. I'd like to get to know this beautiful encyclopedia better."

"What do you mean by that remark?" 

"Nikki here has been required to memorize all the important names and faces of the people in the business. Isn't that impressive?"

"I did notice both her beauty and intelligence, but we should leave her to men more her age. Jim, I think Ms. Alderman must think you are a dirty-old man." Mike said stealing a glance at Nikki's legs.

"No, I don't. I believe both of you are complimentary and charming. I know from what Mrs. Rich has said that I'd find men of your charm and character."

"Oh, oh Jim, did you hear that? She must have a degree in diplomacy."

"Thank you gentleman but I need to check on Mrs. Rich after all I'm a working girl. It was a pleasure meeting you and hope we have a chance to talk later this evening. In the mean time enjoy your cigars." She smiled walking away to the mob surrounding Sidney with a please smile on her face.

"Nikki, there you are! I'd like you to meet Ben Franklin. Ben this is Nikki Alderman my very efficient Executive Secretary. Nikki this is Ben. Ben is with the investment firm of Hedges and Rogers. I'd like the two of you to talk. Is that all right with you Ben?" She took him by the arm and kissed him on both cheeks.

"It'll be more than a pleasure to speak with Ms. Nikki." He responded as he surveyed the voluptuous brunette.

"Yes, Mrs. Rich I'll be glad to talk with Mr. Franklin. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?"

"Just run along. I'll find you if I need you." She looked at both of them with a big smile.

He took me by the arm and led me away from the throng. "She certainly is a magnet for people."

"She's the CEO of the biggest women's clothing line outside of the large box stores, so it's not surprising she would draw a crowd and the dress doesn't hurt," Nikki said laughing at looking up to a handsome man with very blonde hair. He's by far the best looking man here. I wonder if he's married.

"An outfit like that is appealing to many, but your simple business suit is attractive and it doesn't detract from your wonderful figure. I bet you're stunning in a dress like that."

"Thank you Ben. It's nice of you to notice." I'd bet he's thinking about how I would look naked. I know I'm wondering about him. He's handsome with blonde hair and piercing green eyes, and he's built like an athlete.

He picked up two flutes of Champagne and led her to an alcove near the rear of the room. He took a sip of wine and motioned her to a chair. "A man would have to be blind not to notice you."

"Thanks again. I assume Hedges and Rogers are not only investment bankers but are also into risk capital. She held the flute close to her mouth and sipped the nectar from the glass.

"Your assumption is correct." He ran his hand through his hair.

"Why would Mrs. Rich want me to talk to you? Rich Incorporated isn't a risky investment, and I know we don't have expansion plans in the works." She finished her wine and placed her hands in her lap.

"Sidney is a shrewd business woman and I assume she's looking for a silent partner with deep pockets, and as it turns out were both located in Atlanta." He leaned forward staring her in the eyes.

I was unexpectedly struck how green his eyes were and how sexy he looked in his tailored suit. Don't see a ring. He must not be married. "You're correct about Mrs. Rich, but there's been no talk of a silent partner or the need of outside investment. Isn't it a coincidence we're both located in Atlanta, and we had to travel over a thousand miles to meet."

"Nikki there you are. Mr. Edmensen and a number of us are going out for a late dinner. I'll see to myself. Call me at nine. Good night. Nice meeting you Mr. Franklin."

* * *

"That's the best news I've heard tonight. May I take you to dinner, for a drink, or to my place? Ben asked with both humor and lust in his eyes

"Why Mr. Franklin, whatever do you mean?" Nikki asked in her most charming voice.

"I intentionally had Sidney introduce us. As soon as you walked into the room in the wake of the over dressed and ostentatious Sidney; I wanted to meet you and spend the night with you." His green eyes sparked in the light and perspiration sprouted on his handsome face.

"Why don't you tell me what you really want Mr. Franklin? " She stood smoothing her skirt. 

"Would you please stop calling me Mr. Franklin? My name is Ben and if you're going to accept my invitation we need to be less formal." He stood and held out his arm.

She took it and said, "I'll accept your invitation to dinner."

"Is that all?" He asked as they walked arm in arm to the entrance.

"We're going to be here a week what's the rush? I don't even know you." She elbowed him in the ribs.

"Two people attracted to each other as you and I are don't need a long courtship." He pulled her closer.

"Ben my hormones aren't raging like yours I'll take you up on dinner. After all I'm not some dumb blonde." She laughed running her hand through his blonde hair.

"How about dinner in my room?"

"Ben, oh Ben, you men are in such a hurry. I think the Claremont restaurant on the top floor would be a better choice."

"Damn, why am I attracted to intelligent brunettes rather than dumb blondes?"

"I can't answer your question, but I'm glad you think I'm smart," she giggled.

He laughed and led her to the elevator. 

The meal was wonderful, the service excellent, and the unlimited supply of wine was delicious.

Nikki drank responsibility while enjoying Ben's company, his conversation, his sense of humor, and his constant suggestive remarks. He hasn't been aggressive, he's incredibly handsome, and from what I can tell has the means to please a lady. I'm going to take him up on his offer. It should be fun and I haven't had a good fuck in a long time."

At the elevator he asked, "Your room or mine?"

"I think it's late and I have to get up early." Nikki hesitated even thought she had already made her decision. 

"It's not that late and nine isn't too early. I would love to show you my room and my other abilities."

"What abilities are those? She matched his stare with one of her own. 

"There difficult to describe. These skills have to be experienced rather than described." He looked at her with a sly grin.

"Ben, I decided while we were eating to go to your room."

He started to kiss her.

"Not here, in your room." She brushed the back of her hand over his crotch.

* * *

Sex came naturally and rapidly between them. Inside the room, they tore at each other's clothes as they kissed with tongues of passion. Once undressed, they were in bed. He was between her legs and buried deep within her.

"Wow! Your cunt is as wonderful as you are beautiful. I'm sorry I couldn't wait. The next time will be much slower; I promise."

"Who wants slower? Show me those skills you were bragging about earlier. Fuck me," she whispered in her ear, spreading her legs, holding him closer, and tightening her muscles around his cock. My god he's big. I wonder if I'll ever return to normal.

Ben was like a machine;he fucked Nikki at the perfect pace. 

His jackhammer stimulated the length and depth of Nikki's pussy. Every nerve ending cried with pleasure. She grunted with each forward thrust, and when she couldn't stand the thrills any longer she moaned, "Give it to me!"

With one final thrust his body went rigid and their juices intermingled as they came together. 

"Oh, oh, yes," She moaned as her inter contractions coursed through her body. 

It took several minutes for their secondary spasms to cease, they held each other and finally they lay next to each other on the bed.

"That was wonderful. You weren't bragging about your abilities."

"Thanks but you were the wonderful one."

For much of the night, Nikki's body was worshiped. His hands and mouth were everywhere. Her body tingled from his massages. Her breasts throbbed from his suckling. Her clitoris pulsated from his persistent tongue. Her pussy pulsated from his long, thick cock bringing her to orgasm after orgasm.

Finally, they slept.

* * *

He woke her at eight and carried her to the shower. "You have to call Sidney by nine. I'll have something for you to eat when you're ready."

"I don't eat much for breakfast."

"Continental breakfast it shall be."

She showered as fast as she could while thinking about the pleasure she'd experienced. I've never felt this good after having sex. He's an incredible lover and we have five more nights to spend together. I don't know if either of us can keep up the pace, especially since Sidney may have me working my ass off.

She restored herself as best she could, dressed, and walked toward the talk coming from a radio.

He kissed her lightly on the lips. "Sit down and have some juice, coffee, and Danish."

"Thanks, what are you listening too?"

"I want to see you again tonight," he said turning it off.

"I'd like that but I'm a working girl. I don't know what Sidney has planned for me. We should be attending meetings all day, but she's not always predictable."

"I'll work around your schedule. I really enjoyed myself last night."

"I did too." She smiled as she lifted a coffee cup to her lips."

They fell silent as they ate.

They both spoke at once and then laughed.

"You first." He looked at her with blazing emerald green eyes.

"I don't know what to say. I didn't think I'd be so affected by..."

"I didn't either. What are we going to do?"

"I have responsibilities but I want to see you again."

"Only see?"

She laughed. "You know what I mean."

"I'm going to brush my teeth and get dressed for the meetings today. It's time for you to call Sidney." He kissed her again as he passed by.

Nikki dialed Sidney's hotel room but no answer. She dialed her cell, again no answer. What's going on she always answers her phone, especially in the morning. I'd better check at the desk for messages. There were no messages. This is strange. I'd better check her room. "Ben I've got to go. I can't get Sidney on the phone. I'm going down and check her room. I have a key."

He came out dressed in a dark gray suit that was perfect for his hair and complexion. "The first meeting isn't until ten. You check on her and I'll meet you in the conference room."

They kissed.

Nikki took the elevator to the floor on which she and Sidney had rooms. She entered but found nothing out of place. It doesn't look as though she's been here. I'll wait until lunch if I can't find her I'll contact the authorities. I'm worried, this isn't like her.

She returned to her room. Changed clothes and got to the conference room just as the presentation began. For the next two hours, she took extensive notes on her laptop. When the lecture was over she rushed out the door and saw Ben smiling at her.

"Wow! You look more beautiful every time I see you."

"I don't have time to talk. I'm going to Sidney's room to see if she's come in, if not I'm going to call the police."

"I'll go with you." He took her arm leading her to the elevators.

Nikki opened the door and heard noise in the bathroom. She looked in. Sidney was putting mascara on her eye lashes.

"Sidney, where have you been? I've been frantic worrying about you."

"Is someone with you? I thought I heard something."

"Yes, it's Ben Franklin."

Sidney smiled a knowing smile. "Ask him to leave and arrange a time for the two of you to meet. We have to talk."

Nikki went to the other room. "She seems okay but wants to talk. Why don't you come to my room at six, then we can arrange to go to dinner."

"You're sure she's all right?"

"She was putting on her makeup. She's fine. I'll see you later."

"You certainly will see me later." He took her into his arms and kissed her with passion before leaving the room.

"Okay Sidney what's going on?'

"The same as you and Ben."

"What do you mean?"

"Paul Edmunsen may be a competitor but he fucks like a Viking. I haven't had sex that many times with my husband even before we were married." She looked at her haggard face in the mirror.

Nikki laughed. "You've been sleeping with the competition?" She raised her arms in a questioning manner. 

"Yes it was wonderful. I don't remember having that many orgasms. He must have gone down on me at least three times. He has a fantastic tongue. It's almost as good as his dick." She sighed.

"Do you think it was a good idea to have sex with him? After all he is trying to take business away from you."

"That may be true, but he certainly gave me the business." She fell back onto the bed.

"While you were making out, I went to two sessions this morning and took extensive notes, so you didn't miss anything important. It would have been nice if you'd told me what you were doing. I was worried something horrible had happened to you. I was about to call the police."

"I didn't have time. We went to dinner and left the others to have a drink. Before I knew what was happening he was examining my tonsils and cleaning my clock."

"Sidney, I've never heard you talk like this before."

"It's because I haven't been unfaithful to my husband before, and I've never had better sex."

"I think you've made that perfectly clear."

"What about you and Mr. Franklin?"

"I'm not about to tell you about my private life."

"It's okay Nikki; if I wasn't so happy I wouldn't be talking like this either. Just think we have five days left. Paul will have me worn out before we go home on Saturday."

"Sidney, I can't believe you plan on spending all your time having sex with him."

"Maybe not all my time but a goodly portion. Now be a dear and go to the afternoon meeting. You're free as a bird until tomorrow morning. Then we'll have to do some serious work."

"Okay, but get some sleep. I'll see you in the morning." Nikki left wondering what had come over the uptight boss who was always business. 

* * *

Nikki breathless grabbed a sandwich, her laptop, and got to the afternoon session. She didn't have time to pay attention to the eyes focused on her as she concentrated on the lecture and took good notes. At the break a number of young men about her age fumbled all over themselves trying to make an impression, but she diplomatically defused any serious interest. She was thinking about Sidney and her strange behavior and talkativeness which was unusual, but even more about Ben and the way he made her feel when she was in his presence and especially when they made love.

She had three hours till Ben would arrive, so she took advantage of it by soaking in the tub, taking a nap, and picking out her ensemble for the evening, and adding a little make up to her face. I'm not into one-night stands but I don't have an impression as to Ben's attentions other than getting into my panties again. He'd be a real catch for me, but I'm not sure he's interested in me for a more meaningful relationship. Nevertheless, I'm going to prepare myself as though he's going to be the man I'm going to marry.

Her ensemble consisted of a long white dress with a deep-cut neckline, white three inch heels, and garnet ear rings and necklace that almost matched the color of her eyes. She waited anxiously for Ben's arrival.

A knock on her door caused her to jump and rush to it, but she stopped to calm herself before she opened the door to see Ben dressed in the same suit he wore that morning. 

"Oh my God, every time I see you in a different outfit, you look better than the last time. How long can you keep that up?" He stepped through the door kissing her lightly on the lips.

"I don't know. I only brought clothes for a week."

"I'm sorry; I didn't have time to make plans or a reservation for this evening. Where would you like to go so I can show you off?" He stood with his hands in his pockets surveying every inch of her.

"I haven't been in a casino yet. Why don't we go to the closest one, eat in one of their restaurants, and walk around the gaming room. Will that provide you enough time to be seen with some eye candy?" She held out her hands and twirled in a circle.

"You'd better not do that again or we'll not get out of the room." He took her arm and escorted her to the door. Outside he hailed a cab and told the driver to take then to the Bald Eagle Casino and Hotel. The entire structure inside and out looked like eagle feathers and statures and images of Bald Eagles were everywhere. 

"This is elegant in a feathery kind of way," Nikki said as Ben paraded her around the large room full of slot machines, a card and roulette area, before taking her to the Desert Sands Restaurant on the second floor.

"Did you enjoy your fifteen minutes of fame?" Ben asked as he followed her into the restaurant.

"What do you mean?" She turned to ask him.

"You didn't notice all the eyes following you around as we walked through the casino?"

"No, I was interested in the people, the machine, and the noise."

He laughed. "I was the envy of every man who saw you."

They ordered and ate leisurely. She talked about the sessions she attended and her concern for her boss's behavior. Ben was a good listener. He paid attention to her rattling on and on. He asked questions at appropriate times, and nodded positively at her statements.
