 The ride home from the party for Belinda and Rachel was punctuated by fits of laughter as they discussed the evening's events. The look on Eddie's face, the shock of Frank's arrival, the acceptance of Belinda's parents and the confusion everyone else seemed to be feeling as they watched the key players interacting in a rather odd way. Of course Carl's departure with Lucy was something to wonder about as well. 

As the cab made its way along, Belinda suddenly stopped and just stared at Rachel. Without saying a word, she leaned forward and took Rachel's face in her left hand, leaned in and kissed her. Rachel responded in kind and the two began to make out in the back of the cab. The cab driver suddenly noticed that the laughter had subsided and casually glanced in the rear view mirror. Then he looked over his shoulder. Then his peripheral vision caught the yellow light and he hit the break nearly sending Belinda and Rachel off the seat. That was when the laughter started again. The cabbie realized he just blew it and in his mind cursed himself. "One QUICK better look, now they won't kiss again. Stupid fool! Stupid fool!" 

Carl and Lucy had arrived at Lucy's apartment a while back. Both were a little tipsy but Carl had been careful not to over indulge. When they had pulled up, Lucy said, "Carl, you're a sweet guy. I loved our conversation and giving me a ride home was very nice." She looked into his eyes and added, "I know you're seeing Belinda, but I really just want to kiss you right now. Would that be OK?" 

Carl hesitated. He CONCIOUSLY gave Lucy a ride home because he liked her and since both were ready to leave and she WAS more banged up than he was, felt it might be safer. But SUBCONCIOUSLY, he was attracted to her and really hoped to score. This was becoming more clear to him, especially as he noted that her boobs were almost falling out of her shirt. He knew this was wrong. He loved Belinda, he really did, but she always seemed to not be as interested in him as he was in her and... 

Carl leaned over, wrapped his arms around Lucy and deeply kissed her. They sat in his car for at least five minutes making out when Lucy suddenly pushed him away and said, breathlessly, "NO, I cannot do this." 

Carl was taken aback and for 2 seconds was one of the most confused men on Earth. He was also feeling immediate physical frustration as his hard on was nearly pushing through his pants. He couldn't speak, and could barely breathe. 

"I can't do this," Lucy went on, "it's too uncomfortable. Come up stairs so we can get naked and fuck each other's brains out. This car is TOO fucking small!" 

They jumped out and almost ran into the building, Carl having difficulty standing upright, never mind running, but he kept up as best he could. 

Lucy fumbled through her purse for her keys and with hands shaking, got them into the building. Three flights of stairs to her apartment was taking so much energy out of them, Carl began to wonder if he's actually perform once he got up there. They entered her apartment and she threw the door shut with one hand and began to rip her clothes off with the other. 

Carl was never so happy as to have a pull over sweater. Disrobing was a little easier for him and he was naked before she was. He approached her from behind and wrapped his arms around her, kissing her neck. 

"Fer Krissakes, can I get my bra off first?" Lucy asked. 

"Sorry." 

Once it was off, Carl was off and running. His little soldier was about to invade the rear areas of his intended conquest when Lucy said, "Hey, up front. I don't do anal." 

Carl hadn't really intended to do her up the ass, it just happened to be where his dick was, and her ass. It did feel nice as it pressed slightly between her cheeks though. As he turned her, she grasped him and the two began to kiss again, passionately, more so than in the car, and more naked. Her breasts were magnificent and REAL. Her hand around his cock was soft and she didn't tug or even stroke him, it was more like chiffon gently gliding over him, back and forth. 

Lucy's breasts were slightly lower than Carl's chest and her nipples were pressed into him as they kissed. She loved how his penis felt in her hand, even though it was smaller than she expected, it had a nice feel to it and lacked any odd bumps or curves. It was like a really smooth, but soft vibrator. She pulled away and led him to the couch where she sat him down. She looked up at his face and said, "I want to check out the merchandise a little more closely. Y'dig?" Carl just smiled. 

She sat on the floor and rested her chin on his thigh and looked closely at it, gliding her fingers over and around it. It had lovely coloring, a bit normal flesh tone with just a little pink. She'd once blown a guy who's dick was a raging purple and so vaney that it looked very fake. She hadn't been able to finish because she didn't want to look at it anymore and, whereas it was BIG, she just fucked him. Carl's wasn't big, it was just lovely to her, so she lingered, staring at it, playing with it and when she looked back up at Carl, he had one of the biggest grins she had ever seen so she knew he wasn't about to rush her. 

Carl had never seen a woman admire him like this before. It was a huge boost to his ego and her hand; her touch was so loving. When she leaned forward to took him into her mouth, he suddenly feared he would shoot his load then and there, but thankfully, he didn't and he watched as her lips rose up and down on his shaft. She kissed all around the base of the glans and let her tongue slip up and down the front. She now positioned herself with her elbows on his thighs and knelt before him, lowering her mouth onto him, taking him deeply in. He could feel her tongue working magic all around him, but of course he couldn't see it, just feel it, and feel it he did. 

Lucy stopped. She stood. She spread her legs and moved to sit on his lap. Her labia engulfed his cock and she squeezed her muscles as tight as she could. She didn't ride him, just held him inside of her and began to kiss his neck. 

Carl responded with a heavy sigh, nudged her back and began to kiss her. She never moved up and down or even side to side, just held on for dear life with her kegal muscles. He could feel the muscles working on his shaft. It was the most amazing sensation he had ever encountered. They began to almost shiver in unison as their respective orgasms came closer and closer. They were building slowly together. 

Lucy pulled Carl closer, held him tighter, squeezing him. Carl responded in kind. When he exploded, they almost blended into each other they hug was so tight. The climax was so intense, that both of them became a bit dizzy and weak immediately. They sat in the same position for several moments, breathing deeply, holding onto one and other just trying to muster some strength. Neither had the strength to speak. 

Once they had collected themselves, Lucy had to move first, being on top and all. She slid off the slowly softening intruder and flopped onto the couch next to Carl. He looked down at his phallus and said, "Wow. Never before." 

Lucy gave him a look of confusion and he added, "I've never had something like that happen before. That was, I cannot describe it." He paused, kissed her on the forehead and added, "You are incredible." 

Lucy smiled. She stroked his chest, kissed his shoulder and whispered, "So, I figure once we find out I'm pregnant...oh, I didn't take my pill today, just to let you know...once we find out I'm pregnant, we can start the wedding plans." 

Carl was too spent to react much, but inside he felt his very soul screaming. He looked over at her, his mouth agape and the fear shown in his eyes. Lucy noticed as she looked up at him and began to laugh. 

"I'm KIDDING!" 

He sighed almost as hard as when she had first touched his penis. 

John and Helene got home and John was exhausted, yet horny. Helene was just exhausted but figured for the sake of shutting her beloved husband up, she'd give him a hand job. Better yet, less work if she just got on her knees on the bed and let him screw her doggie style. Age had taken its toll on both of them and both were susceptible to leg cramps, but it seemed that he'd get them worse than she did so she would get on all fours on the edge of the bed and he'd slip in from behind her and ravage her. John went down the hall into the bathroom and Helene stripped down and got into position before John got back. She giggled knowing what his reaction would be. 

When John entered and saw Helene he immediately said, "Honey, you're on my side of the bed. I'm pooped, could you just move over?" 

She got up ready to slug him but when she heard HIM giggle, she just hugged him and they kissed. John added, "Hey, get back down there. I'm not passing up THIS invitation!" And he didn't. 

He dropped his pajama bottoms and his already hard cock slid into his wife so smoothly and quickly. She may have been in her sixties, but this woman could still get wet as hell, but never so wet as to be gross. John loved that about her. His love pump slid in deeply and he looked down to watch himself enter and exit her over and over again, listening to the moisture being slopped around. He slid a finger down between her butt cheeks and played gently with her asshole and then, he came. It was a hard intense orgasm, though he only shot blanks since his prostate cancer operation a few years prior, he could still get that wonderful feeling and he let out a loud groan. He slammed his pelvis into her plump rump as the final seconds of climax emitted from his body and the last few strokes of his cock filled her. 

Helene fell forward, rolled over and reached down to achieve her own orgasm. Her fingers reached around her belly and spead her swollen lips. She was neither spring chicken nor model material anymore, but she knew she was still a good looking woman and liked herself. Now, she was going to love herself, and John was going to help on the outside while Robert DeNiro helped on the INSIDE. Helene always had a bit of a crush on the actor and would turn to him now and them, mentally, to help her out. 

John massaged Helene's body as she massaged her womanhood. He stroked and kissed her breasts and neck as she vigorously stroked her clitoris. As she built to orgasm, Bobby De Niro began to give her a light hickey on her shoulder. Then he sucked her right nipple, biting it gently. His hands were beautiful. She could hear him saying, "Destiny has brought us together for one fleeting moment. Let's not spit in its eye," From the movie "Being Flynn." She loved that movie though the storyline of a mentally handicapped, alcoholic writer was so far removed from THIS particular event. That line seemed to jump into her head as she tensed up and felt Bobb...JOHN, ah what the hell, BOBBY reach down and help her with her self pleasuring. She shivered and shuddered and came like a freight train, moaning and groaning until the sixth orgasm just overwhelmed her and drained her of her strength. She lay in silence for a moment, regaining her breath then looked up at John. 

"De Niro?" He asked, smiling. 

She smiled back. He knew her all too well. 

Eddie got home and just wanted to cry. He had no girlfriend. His sister was now a lesbian with the woman that may have turned him gay and the guy he may have turned gay with was now sleeping with the one cousin he always secretly wished he could bang. The woman with whom is sister was having sex, had... 

He couldn't think of it any longer. He put on the TV. Nothing interested him. He went over to the computer and started looking up random things. Then, as many guys will do, he went to porn. The first free site he went to had the usual display of samples. The first thing that caught his eye was a gorgeous blond, sort of like Marilyn Chambers and a guy going to town. He clicked on it only to find that about a minute into the video, another guy joins them. He x'd out of it. The next one was granny porn. NOPE! Too close to home. Girl/girl? NOPE, too close to home. 

He had another couple of drinks watching Luftwaffe videos then went to bed. 

Frank and Rebecca got back to their hotel. Frank was having trouble getting it up, even though Rebecca was in the mood. After a few minutes of her playing with him, unsuccessfully, she gave up and sat next to him cross-legged on the bed. "So, what's up. Why have you been acting all weird since we got to the party and you saw your ex? Did it stir up old feelings or something?" 

"No, not really. I...I don't have feelings for Rachel any more. I'm nuts about you. She was a terrific wife, a great kid, we had a lot of laughs and I WAS in love but, anyway it's, like... It was just..." He was having as much trouble explaining himself as he had getting hard. He continued in his halting, frustrating way. "Ok, Rebecca, I, uh." 

Rebecca was getting rather frustrated. "WHAT? WHAT? SPIT IT OUT, MAN!" 

Frank was still a bit hesitant which was causing Rebecca to contemplate putting a pillow over his face and smothering him. She sat 'patiently' however with a look on her face that spoke volumes. Talk or DIE! 

"When Rachel and I were together, we got a bit adventurous at times." 

"Uh huh? Go on," encouraged Rebecca. 

"Well, I mean nothing too outlandish. No S & M or anything crazy, though maybe a bit of light bondage a few times, and we DID screw in a public park once or twice and once got each other off in a movie theatre and once with another woman and..." 

He stopped, gulped and stared at the ceiling. 

"If there's an animal in this story, I'm going to leave you," growled Rebecca. 

"Well, he acted like an animal, but he was just a guy." 

"You did it with a guy? How? Did you blow him; take him up the ass; he took YOU up the ass!" Rebecca was actually becoming a bit aroused now, which kinda surprised both of them. 

Frank continued, "Well, the only contact he and I had was, he fed me to Rachel, you know, held my dick while she blew me." 

Rebecca's face showed a little disappointment. "That's IT?" She asked. 

Frank noticed the let down look and added, "and he jerked me off to climax. I did it all over Rachel's tits. He had a hell of a grip!" 

Rebecca seemed to like this. She said, "And did he lick any of your cum up?" 

"No, he just cleaned his hand with a towel and suddenly wanted to slink away, but we kept him in the room a little longer." 

"Did you guys kiss or anything?" 

Frank was beginning to see a side of Rebecca he never knew was there. He toyed with the idea of embellishing the story a bit to get her revved up, but then the realization that it was her cousin came back to his mind and he decided to just be honest. "No, that was it." 

"Ok, so why would this suddenly bother you tonight?" 

Frank's hesitancy returned. He had slowly begun to get a chubby watching his fiancé getting excited by his story, but now it was back to being a limp noodle. He took a deep breath and just said it, "It was your cousin Eddie." He then added with a mock cheeriness, "Small world, eh?" 

Rebecca just sat. Her mind was trying to comprehend everything she had just been told. She knew Frank was a little kinky at times, but this was new. To think he had been with a guy and that the guy was Eddie was mind blowing. She had sometimes fantasized about her cousin Eddie, but, they were family so, she knew it was wrong. DISTANT family; well, distant enough. Fifth cousins? Is that distant enough? Then she blurted out, "What's he look like naked?" 

Frank was stunned. "WHAT?" 

"Eddie, what's he look like naked?" 

Frank stopped to think for a moment. How could he describe a naked guy. That would be gay and Frank was anything but gay. He was no homophobe, but he knew the line and...his thought process was interrupted by, 

"What does Eddie look like naked?" Rebecca asked impatiently. "Is he pretty well built? He looks like he would be. What's his dick like? You said he had a good grip. How good? Is his ass tight? This was a few years ago, right? Maybe it's changed. Do you remember if he shaved down there?" 

Frank began to get nervous. "What is this? Why so many questions about Eddie? What, you want to bang him or something?" 

Rebecca realized her enthusiasm was a little too clear. She took a pregnant pause and then said, "Ok, look, I've kind of been, we'll say, curious about Eddie for YEARS. I've always sort-a kind-a had a thing for him. Don't get me wrong," she reassured Frank, "I'm madly in love with you and would never leave you for anyone, not even Eddie, but you know, some people just sorta become objects of fascination. Am I getting my point across?" 

Frank thought about that and could see her point. He once had a teacher in High School that he was obsessed with, almost to the point of stalking her. Then again there was that woman from his office that he would undress with his eyes every morning and of course his mother's best friend Jane and her daughter Angie. He even had a cousin Roseanne that... 

"So? Am I?" Rebecca asked again. 

"Yeah, I see where you're going with this and I can't say I blame you. I have to be honest, I'm glad I got that out of my system. I've NEVER done anything with a guy before or since. Not interested." 

"Do you think we could talk Eddie into something?" 

"What did I just say?" Frank asked, wondering where she intended to take this. 

"Well, you never know. I know Eddie was very uncomfortable, it was clear. Now I know why and if HE knows that I know, maybe... I mean he might be comfortable being with you again. I have no idea if he'd be interested in me, but, I mean..." Rebecca was beginning to ramble. "If we talked...no better I talk first, if I talked to him maybe I could persuade him or, heck even if he refused to jerk you off again, just having him lick my pussy while you fucked my mouth or my ass, or..." 

Frank was not sure if he liked this new Rebecca. He still loved her, she still turned him on, but this was getting... What was it getting? He was as confused as anyone could be and Rebecca went on... 

"I could fuck you, no, him while you played with his balls, or maybe he could play with..." 

Frank cut her off. "Will you calm down? I'm NOT interested in playing with anyone's balls. I'm not sure I liked it when he jerked me off that time. I also..." 

Rebecca cut him off, "Did he stroke you slow or fast?" 

"Fast, I was cumming." He shook his head and said, "No, that's not the point, what I'm saying is..." 

They kept interrupting each other. 

"I should call Eddie. Tell him I know and that it's alright. I'll be very gentle so I don't rattle him. I'll confess that it kinda turned me on and that I've always wondered what he would be like in bed and that the story filled me in. Then I'll offer to let him fill me in another way!" 

Frank gave up and just let her talk. What made him nervous though, he was getting a chubby again. 

Rachel and Belinda got back to the house and went in. Both were so tired and drunk that having sex was not really in the cards, but, as had become their habit, they stripped and displayed their bodies to each other in a very relaxed manner. Rachel said, "I want to lounge in the yard for a few. I'm tired, I'm drunk but I'm also still slightly wired and don't know if I'll be able to sleep right away. Belinda said it sounded like a nice plan and out to the yard they went. 

As they lay on the lounges, Rachel smiled at everything that had happened that night. She pictured poor Eddie nearly fainting and how he turned a few different colors. She loved how Frank had that look on his face. She loved that she and Belinda were the only two to know EVERYTHING. The breeze kicked up and Rachel spread her legs a bit to let it wash over her mound. She reached down when the next gust came long and spread her lips. 
