 Dedicated to, well she knows who...  

Disclaimer - Usual B.S. - If you're not old enough to be reading this then don't, if you don't like this kind of stuff then don't read any farther. This file contains only consensual M/F sex and maybe a bit of romance thrown in here and there (hopefully). This story was originally written in PM form, thus the reason for no names. Oh yeah, I almost forgot, it does get a bit kinky, so you've been warned. If you don't like it, then let me know. If you do like it, let me know. 

This work is © 2002 Lobito, and was written specifically to be posted ONLY at Literotica.com

* * * * * *

As our plane touched down in Belize, her hand squeezed mine tighter, she leaned over and kissed me on my cheek and thanked me for taking her away from the colds of North America. 

I told her that as part of my job of being her friend, it's my duty to take her where she wanted to go, when she wanted to go, and for whatever reason(s) she wanted to go. Kissing her back, I pointed out the fact that we'd be staying in my own private beach bungalow for the week. 

As we de-planed, from my small private jet, I had my 64½ convertible Mustang awaiting us on the tarmac. I asked her if she'd rather drive, or sight see as we made our way to the bungalow. She chose to enjoy the scenery, even though it was really only a 10 minute drive away. 

Arriving at the bungalow, as we entered our room, I had a plate of freshly cut and locally grown Bananas, Mangos, Papayas, Pineapples and other assorted fruits. I took her chair out, and asked her to please sit, while I took care of our bags, putting everything where it belongs. When I opened the shutters protecting the windows from the harsh ocean breezes that can occur, it took her breath away. Her mouth just dropped open, and she didn't speak for moments.

She got up, and walked to the windows and stared out as the beautiful blue waves rolled in, and kissed the beach. I came up and embraced her form behind, one arm wrapped around and caressing her stomach through her white cotton dress, lifting it slowly with the other hand. Kissing her neck, as she moaned, and tried to talk about how much she was going to enjoy our time there.

I asked her to please raise her arms, so I could remove her dress, and she told me there was no reason why she couldn't do that for me. She had her bikini on underneath her dress, but not for long. She shimmied out of her bottoms, and I untied her top with one hand. With the other I had a slice of banana that I'd grabbed from the tray. Teasing her as I ran it across her lovely lips, licking it in a way that made me smile, and then taking a small bite of the fruit. As she ate, I ran it down her chin, her neck, and down into her cleavage.

As I did this I kissed the back of her neck. Asked her if she enjoyed the view. As she told me yes, she let her bikini top fall to the floor, and I ran the banana side to side over each breast, paying special attention to rub it into each nipple. I wasn't sure what exactly was making her nipples hard, just being there with me, the banana caressing her skin, or the ocean breeze. Probably all three though.

Turning her around, I looked into her beautiful big brown eyes, taking her glasses off, and setting them on the table. Kissing her again on her cheek, then on her lips deeply. Placing my arms around her, and lifting her bum with my hands pulling her into me, leaning down and nibbling the banana remnants from her nipples, and the rest of her upper body. 

I told her to wrap her legs around my hips, and let me carry her outside to the beach. She did, and we left the bungalow. I told her that this was MY private beach home, and I own miles of the beach so we were free to roam naked if we wished. I sat her down on a chaise lounge, and excusing myself, I went back inside to grab a chilled bottle of our favorite wine, some glasses and the fruit tray. As I walked back out onto the deck, I looked over to her chair, and saw her crying. I asked her what was wrong, and she told me that nothing was wrong, but that she was just so happy to be in what seemed like paradise. I told her that she hadn't seen anything yet, if she thought THIS was paradise, and that got a laugh out of her, but also a puzzled look on her face.

Pouring her a glass of wine, I handed it to her, and she invited me to sit with her on the chair. How could I refuse this beautiful woman? She scooted up a bit, and asked me to sit behind her, and so I did. When I was in place, she laid back against me and asked me how it came to be that I would own a home in such a beautiful part of the world, and not live here full time. I explained all the details that I thought were boring, about real estate and such, but she seemed very interested, so she got the full boring story.

When my story was finished, I picked up a piece of mango and asked her if she like to share with me. She turn her head enough to take a bite from the other side that was sticking out of my mouth, and when the fruit was one, we kissed again. As we sat there talking, every once in a while she'd wiggle her ass against me, I thought trying to get comfortable, but it was starting to turn me on. I asked her if she'd care for a swim, and she told me she couldn't wait, but had other things in mind. I told her as much as I'd like to find out what other things she had in mind, I was sure that we'd have time later to take care of them.

We finished our glasses of wine, but took them and the bottle with us, as we left the deck, and walked hand in hand down the steps to the beach. I felt a little overdressed, compared to her nakedness, but we were both happy, and that mattered more than anything right then. Leaning over, I kissed her and asked her if she'd like to walk the beach first, before going for our swim, and she said she'd like that very much, whatever I wanted as long as we were doing it together.

Hand in hand, and with our wine and glasses in our other hands, we talked and strolled the beach, occasionally walking down into the waves, and feeling how warm the water was. Little crabs would occasionally crawl across the sand, and back into the water, which made us stop, look and laugh. I asked her if she'd like another glass of wine, and she said she'd love for the wine to never stop. Smiling, I told her that it didn't have to, because of the wine supply I had back in the bungalow. She told me it sounded like we weren't going to be sober very much then, & I told her we wouldn't have to be for the next several days.

Eventually we had a seat on the beach, drinking our wine, and watching the gulls and other birds flying overhead, feeding on the fish that they'd sometimes fly down and grab, and just generally talking, laughing and enjoying each others company. We had only been off the pane for 45 minutes now, and already we knew that we were going to have the vacation of our lifetime(s).

As we finished another glass of wine, we decided it was time to go for a swim, so we got up slowly, and I undressed. We left everything right there, since it was MY beach, and there wasn't any reason to believe that they'd disappear while we swam. She smiled, and laughed when she told me how much she LOVED looking at my ass, whether covered or not, but especially when it was NOT covered up, I could only laugh.

When I was fully undressed, I looked at her and said, "race ya!, 1,2,3 GO!" And before I was even halfway there, she was already diving into the water. I have to admit I didn't try very hard to win, because let's face it, the sight before me was one I admired very much. I never let on to her that I wasn't trying to win the race, but when I finally got to the water, and she'd come up for air, she asked me she'd won for winning. My only answer was that she won ME, and that I would do anything she wanted me to do for her, on this vacation. She agreed and told me that what she wanted most right now was for us to make love right then and there in the water. Again, how could I refuse?

Taking her in my arms, looking her in her big brown eyes, pulling her close to me, I kissed her tenderly at first, then deeply. Her breasts crushing against my chest, feeling her hardened nipples, my hands grabbing her ass cheeks and pulling her up, so that I could insert my cock into the place that we both wanted it to be. "I love you, and everything you do for me baby", she told me. "I love the little things you do, the biggest things you do, like this trip, and everything in between. Especially what we're doing now, making love". I leaned down and nibbled her neck as she told me all this, then lightly licked up the side of her face, and kissed her forehead.

As she rode my cock right there in the light blue and warm water, she told me that I was the best lover she'd ever had. That made me fuck into her ever harder than the last moment, and she started thrashing her body wildly as I tried to keep my balance. She told me that she'd had an orgasm, and couldn't wait for me to cum inside of her. I told here that chances were much better of my cumming when I didn't have to try to hold my balance as much, so we left the water, and went back and laid on the beach. 

I laid down on my back, and she mounted my cock once again. But this time, when she grabbed the head of my cock, and pressed down on me it felt different. She wanted me to fuck her in her ass, as she'd never done it before, and wanted me to be her first. The head of my cock pressed against her as the she lowered her body onto me, and eventually the head of my cock was inside of her. She told me to wait a moment, to get used to the feel, and to let her do the rest of the work for the time being, all I had to do was spread her ass cheeks apart for us. As I spread her as far as I could, she lowered her body a little more down onto my cock, and in a few moments, had my cock totally inside of her ass.

Slowly she rode up and down on me, it was all I could do NOT cum right then. She started to ride faster and faster and I told her if she didn't slow down, I would explode right into her asshole. That was all she needed to hear, because then she rode my cock a little faster even. I grabbed her hips and told her, I was about to cum this time, she started rubbing her clit, and told me she wanted us to cum together. I begged her to slow down, but she told me she was about to cum too. She rubbed her clit faster and faster as my cock slid in and out of her asshole. Soon she was cumming, and I wasn't far behind her. She fell onto me as she came down from her climax, as my cock exploded into her bowels. She continued riding me a bit to make sure she got every last drop out of me, and into her body. After a few moments of holding each other close and kissing, we gathered our things, and walked hand in hand back to my house.

I asked her if she was hungry yet, and she told me she'd never been hungrier in her life. "Sex takes a lot out of you, you know", she said to me. I told her to sit tight, while I made a phone call to my favorite restaurant near my home. I made sure to order everything she liked to eat, and asked that our meals be ready no later than 6:30, at which time we'd be arriving.

After hanging up the phone, I went back outside and asked her if she'd care for a shower, then we could get dressed, and leave for dinner. She suggested that we shower together, and I agreed. I wanted to get frisky, but for once, she took control, and we ended up, only watching each other, but she promised me that next time we took a shower together, that it was ON! I could only smile, when I heard her say that the way she did. We dried off, and got dressed in casual clothes, and left in enough time to be there right at 6:30.

2½ hours later, and we were getting back in the car, and headed back to my place. She asked if we could do some touristy things while we were here, and I told her that since this was Thursday night, that all the places in the city were closed, but that we'd hit them in the morning.

When we arrived back at my place the sun was barely visible on the horizon, but it made for a good photo op, so It ok out my camera, and took some silhouette shots of her. When the roll was finished, we went inside to set our things down, and put out food away, and I asked her if she'd care to sit by a fire out on the deck. She said she would, and I told her I'd meet her outside in a few moments, I just wanted to get some things.

I gathered up some pillows, covers, and a few extra items I though we could use, and took them out to the deck. She was leaning against the rail, her arms wrapped around herself, under a sweater she'd grabbed and put on. I dropped the pillows and covers as I saw her there, and smiled a big smile.

As I laid out the covers and pillows like a bed, we carried on some small talk, and she repeatedly thanked me for binging her to paradise. I reminded her that she didn't have to keep thanking me, but she continued, so I gave up. Spotting the box of goodies I brought out, she asked me what they were, but I told her she'd find out soon enough. I then went to grab a few "fire logs" and tossed them inside the deck fire pit, and lit them, "There I said, instant fire", getting a laugh out of her.

I invited her to sit next to me on the covers, or under them for that matter, and I didn't have to ask a second time. She was under the covers in no time. We held hands and talked for an hour about this or that, and how the rest of the trip could go, and in this time she'd managed to undress under the covers, without me knowing anything about it. I had changed into old sweats, and never had the thought to undress under the covers, I simple hadn't thought about what might come.

She asked me IF I was ever going to lose my clothes, and flashed me by pulling the covers down. I had NO idea what to do or say, I only grabbed a pillow, and threw it at her, allowing me time to stand. Getting up, taking off my clothes, and pulling her to me, I kissed her deeply, tasting her sweet lips. 

Laying her back, I kissed right down the middle of her body, bypassing her breasts, straight down the cleavage, past her belly button, and to her clit. Blowing lightly on her clit, teasing her as her liked to tease me, flicking her clit hood. My tongue then lowered to her moist lips, licking the length of her slit. 

Up and down I licked very slowly. My tongue traveling the length from her clit to her asshole. Pressing my tongue inside her bum hole, just as she did to mine. Her head facing straight up, hands grabbing my head, wanting me to make her cum. 

As her legs wrapped around the back of my neck, and her hands pull me into her, I stuck my tongue into her cunny hole. Fucking her like she wanted my cock to be fucking her, slowly in and out, then moving my head side to side, letting my tongue touch every part of the inside of her pussy. Her juices started running out her lips, and lubing her asshole. 

I got up on my knees, while she wasn't looking, but when I grabbed her hips again, pressing my cock into the pucker of her asshole. Slowly my cock buried into her, she felt something else touching her pussy lips. As my cock slipped farther into her asshole, she felt the dildo that I strapped onto myself, sliding in between her pussy lips.

I pushed my cock into her asshole, leaning forward and pushing the strap-on into her pussy at the same time. Slowly and surely I got to the base of both. Her ass raised in the air, and her legs ran up my chest, where her feet touched either side of my face. Grabbing onto her legs, I started to get a rhythm as she bit her bottom lip, and closed her eyes. Her hands clenching the bed sheets. 

Fucking in and out of both holes, she started moaning, feeling like nothing she'd ever experienced before in her short life. Trying to call out my name, but not able to manage saying the whole word, her lips quivering as I fucked her a bit faster now. Her breasts moving back and forth, round and round on top of her chest. 

Her hands reached up and squeezed her breasts together, pinching her nipples, making them nice and hard, then pushing them up, and leaning her head down, to kiss them, lick them and suckle them. Lightly she nibbled them, as I fucked her harder and faster. 

Kissing her ankles, and down her legs to her knees, and back up again. Softly slapping her bum as I fucked into her holes. Bringing one hand around and rubbing her clit with my thumb, occasionally running it down into her pussy lips. Her juices on my thumb now caressing her clit again along with my forefinger, flicking it back and forth. 

Bringing my hand to my mouth, tasting her, letting it get wet with my saliva, and taking if back down, lightly slapping her clit with my fingers. Moving my hand very fast back and forth, as I fucked her holes. Her juices started to leak out of her pussy faster than they ever have before. Lubing both of my cocks, allowing them to slide in and out even better. She warned me that she was about to cum, and cum hard so I took my cocks out of her, and replaced them with my mouth. I wanted to taste her, and now!

She let out a bloodcurdling scream, that would have had the police here in moments, had we been back in the city. Her fingers grabbed so hard, that her nails ripped holes in the sheets. As she laid there cumming and cumming, I made sure I got all of her juices from inside her pussy, and either swallowed them, or left just enough in my mouth for when I kissed her. When I moved up her body and kissed her, she tasted her self, and without thinking grabbed hold of my cock, and started jerking me off, I was already near cumming before, but now she grabbed and pulled me up, and took me inside of her mouth. She didn't seem to mind where my cock had just been, she just said I want to swallow all of you, as you did mine, baby. Who was I to refuse her?

Pt. 2 to come…

*Please remember to vote, and leave feedback. It's the only way some of us authors will know if people think we didn't completely waste our time. 