 The middle aged military man sat quietly in his hotel room reviewing notes from a meeting when he heard a soft knock on the door. He stood, made a quick adjustment to his dress blue uniform, and began to walk to the door when it opened and a woman stepped in. 

"OH, excuse me sir," she said in broken English as he studied her figure. 

She stood in the door wearing black heels with thin straps around the ankles and fishnet stockings that clung to her long silky legs. His eyes wondered up her legs to her short black skirt with a tiny white apron then followed the buttons of her slightly tight shirt up to the sexy cleavage of her firm breasts and on to her neck clad in a thin black choker.

"Sir," she said.

The Sergeant realized he was staring and apologized, "I'm sorry, come in."

"I can come back later, I didn't mean to bother you sir," she stated in an apologetic tone.

"It's quite alright," he assured her, "come in and do what you need to do, you're no bother to me."

She could tell he was attracted to her. As she watched the bulge in his tailored blue uniform pants grow, she felt a tingle of her own and went to work wiping down the cabinets in the room, making a point to bend over just enough for her short skirt to expose the tops of her stockings and the bottom of her tight ass. 

He couldn't stop staring at her and finally approached her from behind. She could feel him standing behind her and pressed her ass against him. She could feel his now hard cock through their clothes, against her ass as his hands found their way to her hips. 

"Oh my sir, we're going to have to do something about that," she playfully spoke. 

She planted her hands on the dresser and began to grind her ass against him. 

"What are you doing to me," the Sergeant nervously spoke. 

"Nothing sir," she spoke with a devilish grin, "just cleaning" 

Then she placed her hands on his and slid them up her body as she leaned back into his arms. 

"Nothing at all sir"

She guided his hands to her breasts where he felt her hard nipples through her shirt. He began kissing her neck as she placed her hands back on the dresser. His lips caressed her neck and shoulder as she joyfully sighed and tilted her head to the other side. She was growing wetter with every touch of his firm hands. 

Noticing her submissive stance and feeling a rush of confidence the Sergeant whispered in her ear, "I want you to undress me." 

"Yes sir," she gleefully replied and turned toward the tall military man.

She slowly pulled the tie of his dress uniform loose then slid it out of the collar then dropped it on the floor. 

"Uh, No," he said firmly, "pick it up". 

"Oh yes sir," she replied as she bent down to pick up the tie before she placed it on the dresser. 

"Now continue," he ordered, with a smile on his face. 

She slowly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his firm chest and broad shoulders. Her hands slid up his chest then to his shoulders to push the shirt off him. She caught the shirt and gently placed it on the bed next to them. 

"Very good my dear," he commented, "I didn't catch your name".

"It's Bella, sir," she replied bashfully. 

"Well Bella, why don't you help me out of these pants my dear?" 

She slowly slid her fingers up the bulge in his pants to the belt buckle while he leaned in and began kissing her lips. She unbuttoned his pants and slowly pushed the zipper down before reaching in and pulling his hard cock out. He then slid his hands up the inside of her thigh and began massaging her as her fingers wrapped around his cock. He pulled her closer as the kiss became deeper and more passionate. Her hand began to pump his cock as he penetrated her with his strong fingers. She gasped as she felt his fingers enter her, knowing that he was control of her. 

Suddenly he placed his hands on her hips and turned her away from him pulling her against his body, in one swift motion. She could feel his cock against her ass as his fingers found their way down between her legs while his other hand slipped up over her breast and cradled her neck, holding her head to the side so he could bite and kiss her neck. She then reached behind her and took hold of his cock as she felt his fingers penetrate her moist pussy. She whimpered as a shutter of pleasure cut through her body. Her knees trembling as she tried to position herself on his cock but he moved away, teasing her. 

"Please sir, I want it so bad," she begged with breathless desire. 

Suddenly he drove his fingers deeper into her, she gasped and moaned as he whispered in her ear, "I'm not sure you're ready yet sweet Bella." 

The emboldened sergeant then took her hands and placed them back on the dresser. 

She looked back at him with lustful eyes and begged him, "please sir, I'm ready, I want you so bad!"

In response to her pleading, he grabbed her by her hair and turned her head away from him. Moaning, she tried to look back to him but his firm hands gripped her by her hair and forced her to watch in the shaking mirror of the dresser. Unexpectedly, she felt his hand lifting her skirt up, and then his cock sliding down her beautifully round ass.

"Is this what you want" he asks as he presses it against her tight ass. 

"Yes sir, please, I want it so bad," she desperately begged.

Slowly he slid his enlarged member into her tight pussy; she let out a deep moan and just as slowly he withdrew himself. A soft almost sad sounding whimper escaped her lips. 

Slowly, he began to press his cock, now dripping form her own juices, it into her ass. Sinking it all the way to its base, they both moan as the initial wave of pleasure crashed through their bodies. 

"Oh YES SIR, THAT'S IT," she screamed as he thrust his manhood deep into her ass!

Still keeping her hands on the dresser she pushed her body against his, slamming herself into his thrusts as she could since the rising waves of climax build inside her. 

She screams, "Harder! Harder!"

He sharply slaps her ass and replies "You must contain yourself sweet Bella" then drove himself harder into her. 

"Yes SIR!" she wailed and screamed as he ravaged her ass with this throbbing cock.

"Oh my god I'm going to cum!" she moaned as her body gave into his thrusts. 

Screaming and clawing at the dresser she howled, "Please don't stop sir, I'm, I'm coming!"

He continued until she let out a final scream. Slowing his rhythm, he allowed her breathing to settle down before pulling his cock out and laying her on the bed.

"It's my turn now sweet Bella" he tells her as he climbs on top of her and rips her shirt open. 

He starts by teasing her nipples with his tongue before moving up to her neck and then kissing her lips. Reaching for him, she wrapped her hand around his cock and guided him into her waiting pussy. He slowly pushed it in as her legs wrapped around his body and pulled him into her. 

"My god sweet Bella, your pussy is as glorious as your ass," he whispered in her ear

Bella moaned as his rhythm quickens. She could feel his body tense as he groaned, and she too begins to feel the familiar waves rush though her body. 

"Fuck me sir, Bella growled in his ear.

The two begin to moan with pleasure as their body's grind against each other. 

She screams, "OH GOD YES!" as he strains and pushes hard and deep into her, releasing deep inside her.

Gasping and panting, the sergeant collapsed into Bella's arms. They lay together, trembling and embracing each other.