 "Thanks for the invitation. Dinner Saturday at Jainie's sounds great. No, not seeing anyone right now, so I'll be coming alone. See you soon."

A smile came to her face as she read the email. She had girlishly plotted with her best friend Jainie to discover whether Alexander was available. Perhaps still dating the artist-model from the summer.

Time to go to work, she thought, as her attention turned quickly instead to what she would wear Saturday.

At 36, Alexander was only seven years her senior, but he seemed a class apart. Already a recognized star in international business. The product of prestigious education and exclusive patronage. A scholar's mind, a diplomat's presence. The disarming smile didn't hurt one bit, of course.

Six months with his office, Belle was one of a dozen aspiring interns. A natural beauty to be sure, but she carried herself more like a fresh-faced college student than the MBA candidate she was.

Their relationship had been nothing but professional. Saturday would be a change. How much of a change was the only question.

The dinner at Jainie's was cozy. With only seven guests, the conversation flowed comfortably along with the wine. As the evening began to wind down, Belle tended to the dishes with Jainie and Alexander idly chatting at the kitchen table behind her.

She had worn her dressiest slacks hoping to catch his gaze. The lines, though prim and proper, still accentuated her tight bottom and long legs nicely. An equally demure, yet fashionable, sweater completed the outfit.

As they bid their hosts goodbye, Alexander walked Belle to her car. Always the gentleman.

As they approached, Belle's building nervousness erupted unexpectedly into a bold move. Without a word, she turned and slid her hand over his flat stomach and around his muscled waist, making no mistake about the inviting embrace. Alexander leaned forward to meet her with a passionate kiss. Instantly pressing his firm body to hers.

The serene fall night masked the intensity of the moment. Hardly a lucid thought could she muster before she felt him spin her around and slide her slacks and underwear down over her ass in a swift move. All she could do was steady herself against the car. Then she felt him. Inside her. Taking her from behind. Filling her with a sensation she had never known. So full, so firm. How exquisite the pressure as she met his solid thrusts with her own excitement. Then it happened. The climax. A profound pleasure. With a low moan of contentment, she reached beneath and astonished herself with the feel of the copious wetness.

As she turned over, the coldness of the crisp, empty sheets brought her back. Withdrawing her hands from between her legs, she knew. She was past her innocent crush for Alexander. She wanted him. For real.

* * *

The several days after the dinner party were uneventful. Class, work, the usual.

Belle knew Alexander would be in Paris for business. Her thoughts drifted often to whether he would be thinking of her the way she had fantasized about him.

The day he returned to the office, Belle literally bumped into him as they crossed the lobby. But no charming greeting, no disarming smile. Hmm, what was the matter?

Back in her studio that evening, Belle sighed in disappointment about the reunion. For sure, she thought there had been a connection at the dinner. As she sank back into her desk chair trying to access her personal email for the first time in a week, it all became clear. Among the dozens of unread messages, one stood out.

"Belle, I know this may be forward particularly due to our work together. But I really enjoyed the time we spent at Jainie's and would like to ask you to dinner just us two."

Oh no! Belle was mortified. No wonder Alexander had given her the cold shoulder. He must have thought that she had rejected his overture.

The next day couldn't have arrived any sooner. Belle marched into Alexander's office, closed the door and declared, "You have no idea how much I hoped you would ask me out. My ISP was down, so I gave up checking my email, and so I . . . . Oh, never mind, I didn't see your email until last night."

A momentary silence, then Belle and Alexander laughed abruptly in unison. So much for acting nonchalant.

Dinner Friday it was to be. Alexander enjoyed cooking, so Belle agreed to meet him at his home. For the next several evenings in anticipation, they chatted for hours over the telephone as if long lost friends. And the more they shared, the more flirtatious their conversation became.

That Thursday night, Belle sat nude on her bedroom floor, having barely caught Alexander's call as she finished up her shower. She was pleased to test Alexander's resolve with a sultry description of herself unadorned save an inviting smile. And she tantalized him further with the offer of her arriving for dinner naked in heels. His audible breath in response confirmed she had his number.

Their clear attraction notwithstanding, Belle and Alexander remained true to a casual first-date plan. Meet at the market, hunt and gather their foodstuffs, and then retire to Alexander's to embark on their culinary adventure. Nothing fancy, plain yet delicious. The comfortable rapport continued to confirm a shared chemistry.

As they sipped wine on the couch bathed warmly in candlelight, Alexander reached out and caressed Belle's hand. No kiss, no sexual advance. Just a pure, perfect moment. Never had she been so seduced by anyone before.

The next day, Belle rushed over to Alexander's after a grueling meeting with her business school cohort. Returning from soccer practice, Alexander drove up just as Belle closed her car door. Both feeling worse for the wear, Alexander suggested that Belle use the spare bedroom bath for a quick shower to refresh before their dinner out.

As Belle soaped her breasts under the luxurious hot shower, she could not resist pinching her nipples and running her fingers through the smooth folds of her shaved pussy. She shut off the water and wrapped the towel around her. Then, without a second thought, she strode purposefully into the master bedroom and bathroom. There she found Alexander clearing the vanity mirror as the steam still hung heavily in the air.

She had never seen such an erotic sight. Alexander was so different from the men of her past. Firm and muscled, yet smooth and lightly haired. Belle could not take her eyes off his penis. Still flaccid, yet perhaps what sculptors would long to cast as their work of art. Belle mustered a deliberate swallow as she thought to herself how Alexander's cock was the perfect embodiment of the strength his personality commanded.

Alexander stared directly back, reassuring Belle as a smile displayed upon his handsome face. Using the same gentleness with which he had caressed Belle's hand the evening before, he guided Belle to a waiting bed.

Belle allowed her towel to drop and reveal her stunning nakedness as the couple slid between the crisp white sheets. She felt his body heat radiate against her full breasts and flat stomach as they embraced, her legs instinctively entwining with his. Then their first kiss overtook them.

Belle had but a handful of lovers before meeting Alexander. Just school boys, no men. Nice to be sure, but none evoked the passion Belle had expected as an avid adolescent reader of romance novels. Her libido had always seemed greater than that of her partners, but she had never wanted to push boundaries for polite concern over their egos. Belle had simply come to accept the rather lackluster sex as the norm.

Besides, she was a good girl. Virgin until she was 18. Condoms always. Missionary position without climax the default. Still she would defend her sex life as typical.

In this moment, her history seemed foreign. Her body was now alive like never before. Each erect nipple begged to be suckled. Her engorged labia sensitive to the lightest touch. Belle never remembered being this wet. She felt herself actually dripping.

Her past sexual experimentation had gone only as far as licking her college boyfriend's penis. And only once or twice after years of living together. To even call it oral sex seemed much more than what it was.

This was different. Yes, it all seemed different now. Without more of a reminiscence about her lack of experience, Belle moved down Alexander's body and took him completely into her mouth.

Not tentative, not lightly. Belle sucked his cock hungrily, pausing repeatedly to lick the swollen head and run her tongue up and down his thick shaft.

The sensation took Alexander by surprise. But for completely different reasons. Unlike Belle, he was an experienced lover who had the benefit of dozens of women of varying shapes, styles and cultures. No, the feeling was not unknown, but still unlike anything before. It was his surprise that Belle missed not a beat before fellating him that brought Alexander the greatest sexual gratification.

Indeed, Alexander had steeled himself for the usual, awkward lover's discourse about likes and dislikes. He knew himself to be a highly erotic animal with distinct needs. What he knew of Belle, the fresh faced student intern, he suspected was a sexual ingénue.

From his astonishment, Alexander backed away from Belle momentarily. He reached deftly into a nightstand drawer and sheathed himself with hardly a notice. As he moved on top, Belle readied herself in the position she knew best.

What happened next, however, was an epiphany. As Alexander slid inside her, Belle felt something of a first impression. She could not recall ever feeling anyone inside of her before. Yes, an almost mundane awareness of penetration and rhythm with boys past. But now with Alexander, the fulfillment was extraordinary. Belle felt completely taken with a length and firmness that brought meaning to having a man touching every part of her, inside and out.

Alexander's thrusts were at the same time firm and wanting, yet gentle and loving. Belle struggled to breathe normally as she felt her pussy work eagerly to grip his long, thick cock. The pleasure continued to mount until Belle experienced a deep and overwhelming climax. Her first vaginal orgasm. The books did not lie, ecstasy in its purest form. As her tremors subsided, Belle almost did not notice Alexander's tightening embrace as he came seconds after. Her eyes teared uncontrollably and she gasped in disbelief at her new found love. As Alexander withdrew, Belle nuzzled beside him in almost a fetal comfort.

How could something so new be so incredibly fulfilling? If nothing else, mused Belle, she would have the rest of the weekend to find out. Because after this, she was going to fuck Alexander as many times as she could before Monday.