 Ben and Cathy I: Date Night

1.

Ben knew that date night was going to hold something extra when he returned to the house with the boys and the sitter. Entering from the garage, he got his first look at Cathy, drew a deep breath and smiled; a new reddish-pink camisole, a short black skirt which stopped at least eight inches above the knee, and black thigh-highs. Tonight, Cathy wanted to inspire him.

It had been nearly five years since they became parents and fifteen months since Aaron, their second beautiful son had arrived. Until they had committed to Saturday as "date night", they had gone out alone perhaps once every few months and dates-per-year could be counted on one hand. For a long time, parenting simply consumed them. They loved the children they had created together and were enraptured by every first, be it a tooth, or a step, or a joke. So much so, that they rarely missed the romance that had once filled their time together. Being Mom and Dad was wonderfully fulfilling, even when it exhausted or exasperated them. The great compromises of parenting were worth it.

When Aaron reached a year, the desire for time alone together began to surface more frequently and strongly. Ben suggested making Saturday an official date night and Cathy agreed, albeit with a twinge of guilt. Jennifer, their workday nanny added an extra evening to her schedule at least three Saturdays out of four. 

As Jennifer didn't drive and, in her sixties, wasn't about to start, Ben picked her up as part of the date night ritual. Sam and Aaron accompanied their dad and Cathy got at least twenty minutes alone to shower and change. Ben tried to maximize the time Cathy had to prepare, as he had discovered quickly, that "alone time," helped her to relax and shift from mom to lover. Tonight, Ben had showered and changed early and took a roundabout route to Jennifer, so that Cathy had an extra twenty minutes.

As she prepared, Cathy struggled. She wanted something, but she couldn't quite put her finger on what it was. So logical and disciplined in her work and family life, she felt her emotional way by instinct, not always an easy or comfortable thing for her. Putting on and taking off outfits helped her find her way toward her desire. The paprika camisole was easy, but what to go with it? The fourth skirt she tried was the shortest she had, bought two years earlier, just before she became pregnant with Aaron. She looked at herself in the long mirror. "God, dare I?" she thought. She turned and turned and shocked herself. Cathy did not so much decide as stop questioning herself. And then without thinking first, she lifted the skirt and pulled down the panties. She looked her reflection. Yes, that's it. Feelings about Ben swelled inside. Will he know what to do? She didn't exactly know what it was that she wanted him to do, but she wanted to be alluring tonight, more than usual. She wanted to offer herself to him in a new way. The thought was very exciting, but how could she let him know to do something she herself couldn't pinpoint? It was a little frustrating.

For the first three months, the date nights were more relaxing than adventuresome: a movie, the mall, or just dinner before coming home and making love. Tonight, Ben clearly saw the message in Cathy's clothes and her eyes that said that tonight would be a little different. "Interesting," he thought, with an inward smile.

The boys quickly seated themselves at the kitchen table for their dinner of macaroni and cheese, also part of their date night ritual. Jennifer automatically began tidying up, as was her nature. Ben and Cathy never asked her to clean but always appreciated it. 

The thirty-minute drive downtown was filled with an animated description of the novel that Cathy has just finished. Ben kept up his side of the conversation, but his eyes shifted between the road and Cathy's legs. She hadn't worn a really short skirt since before the boys, and the sight of her long, well-shaped legs pulled at his stomach.

2.

Their table wasn't ready when they arrived at Christini's so they sat on high stools at the tiny bar. Christini's was a long narrow restaurant done in yellows with fresh-cut flowers and floral prints on the wall - "authentic Tuscan main dishes with American undertones, followed by exquisite desserts." The front area had a few tables and a bar. A narrow passage led to the back dinning room.

After their drinks came, Ben simply stared at Cathy, not making an effort to converse. Cathy stared back with her own smile, delighted at the effect she was having. "What?" she asked.

"You look hot." 

"Oh, really? You think so?" Cathy laughed. Looking at a blonde behind Ben, seated at the corner of the bar, wearing a short black dress, Cathy noted, "I'm not the only one." The pleasure in her voice was apparent.

Ben glanced over his shoulder. "No comparison." 

"Good answer."

Ben leaned forward to whisper, "You definitely have a wonderful ‘fuck me' look that I haven't seen in a while."

"If you say so." Cathy replied coyly with and gave a look that said, easy boy.

"What are you wearing under the skirt?"

Cathy chuckled, "Granny panties."

Slowly shaking his head, Ben said, "No way, I don't believe it."

Cathy smiled, and tilted her head slowly, studying his face, "Nothing…nothing at all."

"Really?" Ben grinned like a schoolboy, feeling the twinge in his gut.

"Yeah. Surprised?"

Ben flushed, the heat of his reaction flowing through him. "Yeah, I am. But don't get me wrong, I am very pleasantly surprised." He made a mental note to provide extra alone time for Cathy on future date nights.

The narrow section that led to the back dining room included an alcove leading to the bathrooms and a wine room. Opposite the wine room was one booth, somewhat separated from the tables at the front and back of the restaurant and rather private. This is where they were seated, with a view of the bathroom foyer. Not the best table normally, but Ben smiled at the thought of the alcove, both public and private. Even though everyone passed by them going to the second dining room, the restaurant was small, and few people disturbed them.

After they ordered, Ben leaned across the table, his eyes sliding over his wife's face and shoulders. "So, sexy, do you have plans for this evening?"

"Plans? I thought you made plans," Cathy laughed, a thrill shooting through her as his eyes touched her.

They talked about their past as they did when they first dated seven years earlier. The subject, sexual awakenings, led them to descriptions of who got to what base when and with whom. A fun, flirting conversation, flowing easily with a strong undercurrent of desire between them.

After the appetizers, Ben excused himself to the men's room. As soon as he returned to the alcove, Cathy glanced forward and back, turned sideways, and lifted her skirt. The sight of her curly pubic hair caused Ben to pause and redirected his blood. Sitting, they looked at each other with suppressed grins.

When Cathy entered the semi-private alcove, she turned and lifted her skirt to her waist. Ben's blood surged. He sucked in air involuntarily and his eyes half closed, as if somehow he could breathe in the scene and capture it – her trimmed triangle of public hair against her pale skin, framed by the raised dress and thigh-highs. When his eyes opened, the bathroom door was closing softly.

The entrées were good but the flirting was much better.

Ten minutes later, Ben lifted his right foot and rested it on the seat between Cathy and the wall, to her left. At first Cathy moved to push it away, but then noticing that the foot was naked, she smiled, lifted his foot, and spread her legs, placing it in her crotch and leaning back. Ben found his big toe touching soft pubic hair and lower the softer, puffy, warm flesh. He pressed the toe forward gently and it eased between Cathy's labia. 

Looking straight at Ben, her right hand on the table, Cathy's left hand slipped under the tablecloth and began moving the flesh just above Ben's toe. The hostess passed by. They both wondered if she noticed anything. 

They played this way for several minutes, staring, smiling, watching each other's expressions of need, desire, delight. They said not a word. A waiter passed. Ben felt his toe touching one side of Cathy's clit, while her finger caressed the other side. Cathy's breathing came in gasps, her eyes fluttered and closed. She eased back and moved Ben's foot, not wanting to be too aroused too soon.

Ben allowed her to move his foot and concentrated on eating a few bites. Then he slid forward, glanced around, slipped a hand under the tablecloth and, after a moment, placed his hand back on the table and leaned back with a smile, a playful challenge in his eyes. Cathy knew just what he wanted.

Staring into Ben's eyes, Cathy slowly slid her foot up and along his erection, the toes flexing to caress the head. All the while they continued to stare into each other's eyes, smiles full of tension, passion. Every so often, a person passed, but they barely noticed. 

"Finished?"

They stared at the waiter, half startled, half fit to burst out laughing. Ben cleared his throat, "Thank you. You can take the plates."

"Everything to your satisfaction?" he prompted, smiling.

This time Cathy smiled. "Oh yes." She looked at Ben. "It was wonderful." Her eyes left no room for doubt as to her meaning.

The two stared at each other hungrily, lazily smiling as the waiter fussed with their dessert plates. When he finally left, Ben spoke. "Stand up and come over here."

Cathy looked at him quizzically, but obeyed. When she came to Ben's side of the table, she leaned over and kissed him, long, slow, deep. Passionately. While they kissed, Ben's hand rose under Cathy's skirt, briefly touching her wetness. Neither could say who was leading whom or who would finally draw the line. Ben pulled Cathy into his side of the booth with him and placed her hand on his cock. She stroked him softly while he fed her tiny bites of the rich chocolate.

After the check was paid, Cathy made one last visit to the ladies' room. This time, Ben met her in the alcove when she exited and kissed her, his hand sliding up her thigh, a trail of heat, until he cupped her mound and applied a gentle squeeze. They heard a waiter pass. They smiled at each other and left. 

3.

Walking past the stores along the street, Ben put his arm around Cathy's waist. She lowered his hand to her butt, naked but not naked. His finger felt the crease. He rubbed, teasing her higher and higher all the way to the car. Cathy purred and looked at him sidelong, from under her lashes.

As they drove out of the city, the game continued. Almost immediately after passing the last street light, Ben said, "Take off your blouse." 

The command in his voice and his apparent expectation of her compliance was startling at first, but it sent a thrill racing down her back and into her groin. Cathy smiled. She knew that she had inspired him. This felt right. It was as if he understood more than she exactly what she wanted. He was taking charge; he would carry the weight of making the decisions, relieving her of it. She slowly pulled the camisole over her head, her round breasts bouncing out as Ben kept one eye on the road and one eye on Cathy. Topless now, she relaxed under his control and leaned back in her seat, joining her hands behind the headrest. Her feelings were clear now. What she wanted. "I would like handcuffs and a blindfold, darling." At Ben's quick glance, she explained, "I don't know why I feel that restraint would be good, but it would."

"I think something along those lines can be arranged. But tonight I want to stop at Night Dreams for something else," Ben grinned at her.

"Oh, okay," Cathy laughed. She had passed those stores many times, but had never gone in. She thought for a moment and took a plunge. "After we get to the store, I don't want you to ask me, I just want to be taken."

"Okay." Ben looked at her, hands connected as if bound by rope, her eyes closed, her breasts exposed. God, she was beautiful. Cathy had sometimes responded to him when he was rough with her in bed. But outside the bedroom, the hurry of life, constant decisions and work and life and family… Her demeanor did not hint at a broader submissiveness; in fact, just the opposite. She did not hesitate to challenge him on anything. But here and now, Ben wanted her to yield like this to him. He wondered whether something deeper was being revealed, a door ajar, just slightly, an invitation. Let's see. "Lift your skirt." 

Without a word, Cathy obediently raised herself and lifted the skirt to her waist. With one hand on the wheel, Ben cupped her mound and caressed her, as he drove, occasionally dipping a finger into her wetness.

Cathy's body flamed as he played with her. She knew that passing cars might see, and the trucks certainly would. She didn't care. This was right. She was on fire, she wanted… she wanted more.

They turned onto a side street with several restaurants, passed the store, and parked around the block. Instead of putting her top back on, Cathy put on a jacket - flowers and leaves, dark oranges, yellows, blues and greens. It had one button somewhere around her navel. A narrow triangle down the center of her chest exposed her breasts whenever she turned or moved her arms wide. Ben was leading this game, but he was barely a half step ahead and had no idea where the next step would fall. 

The streets were not bright or busy, but nearby restaurants and bars ensured some passersby. Ben and Cathy stopped to kiss, probing each other with their tongues, Ben's hand moving under Cathy's skirt and caressing her ass. The game was hot and getting hotter by the minute. 

In the store, the female assistants saw their mood and didn't approach them. There were a few other couples and two women together in the store. They noticed one assistant displaying, matter-of-factly, a dolphin-shaped vibrator to a brunette, thirtyish, attractive, while another slim brunette looked on. "This is great. You'll really like this," Ben growled as he nuzzled Cathy's ear. She shivered.

Cathy picked up an interesting vibrator with a branch that was designed to buzz the clit while the main shaft penetrated. There were too many toys to see them all, so after browsing for a while, they settled on a small pink marbled vibrator that came in a lipstick case. Ben paid for their toy and they left. Outside Ben immediately unwrapped their purchase and threw away the packaging, giving the vibrator to Cathy. She slipped it into her pocket. 

"I could do with one more drink," ventured Cathy as she slid against him, their arms sliding around each other easily. "I don't need one, but one more would be nice."

4.

Around the first the corner was a popular microbrewery, crowded as usual. Ben went to the bar and ordered wine for Cathy, Sambuca for himself. They went upstairs to the pool tables. It was very congested. They moved instead along the verandah which overlooked the packed bar below, finally coming to a semi-secluded area at the back with sofas. There were two pairs of sofas, each with a coffee table between. The first pair was occupied by a group of five or six people, the second pair was empty. Ben guided Cathy to the first empty sofa that faced away from the occupied ones, and sat on the last sofa, against the back wall. They placed their drinks on the coffee table between them.

Cathy raised her feet and rested them on the coffee table, perhaps two feet apart. Ben looked at her face and then her sex, the hot rush of power and need making his skin goosebump. Behind her, the group talked on, oblivious to them. Beyond them, a man leaned against the balustrade looking down on the crowd. 

Cathy slid her hand over her thigh and over her sex, playing with the hair.

"Use your toy," Ben told her quietly, glancing toward Cathy's jacket pocket.

Cathy understood, slipped her hand into her pocket, and without hesitating, put the vibe between her legs, turned it on and began moving it over her labia. Ben was treated to a scene of Cathy working the vibrator over her crotch and sliding it into herself, her jacket opening to expose the sides of her breasts, her eyes fluttering and closing. There were several people just a few feet away, and just a little further were several hundred people - most of whom, Ben was certain, men and women, would be really turned on by Cathy's show if only they knew. 

He was also very surprised by Cathy. This was a fantasy that he would never have dared expect or even suggest. Cathy had been somewhat adventurous sexually during their two years together before becoming pregnant with Sam, but not like this. Since the children, their lovemaking had broken few new barriers. And now this.

After a few minutes, the people on the other sofas began to stir and Cathy eased up on her show and waited for the group to move away. Ben beckoned her. "Come here."

Cathy moved over to stand directly in front of Ben and leaned down to kiss him, her tongue probing his mouth. His hand moved up Cathy's leg, under her dress and into her wet, open sex. His fingers went deep, twisting. Cathy groaned into his mouth. As they continued to kiss passionately, Cathy lowered herself onto Ben's lap facing him, his fingers still exploring her, teasing her.

After a moment or two, Ben looked over Cathy's shoulder, and saw the upper level bartender at the far corner of the upper area by the pool tables looking over at them. Because of the layout of the upper floor, few could see in their direction, and no one else looked.

Ben's fingers continued to move inside Cathy and then out over her clit, flicking it gently. She gasped. The bartender continued to look. Ben wondered if Cathy was leaning forward enough for him to see her ass and his own hand moving up and down. For a minute Ben continued, half ignoring the bartender, half enjoying the exhibitionism. As Cathy began to tense, her body needing orgasm, Ben slowed, slowing until he could feel the orgasm slipping away from her body. Finally, he stopped. "Drink up."

Cathy shivered and obeyed.

5.

Along the streets, their kisses became more aggressive. Sometimes Ben's slipped his hands around her waist to press Cathy against his chest. Sometimes he lifted her skirt to feel her ass. The street was not crowded, but neither was it empty, and Ben wondered how many people caught glimpses of Cathy's breasts or ass. 

When they reached the car, Ben looked around and, seeing no one, said, "Now take off the rest of your clothes." 

Cathy looked at him slowly and smiled. She liked this, loved him, loved that he had risen to this and was pushing her. Her heart was near bursting with pride in the man she married. She removed her jacket and skirt and handed them to Ben, who placed them over his arm neatly and carefully, like a butler. Naked, except for her thigh-highs and heels, Cathy stood by the side of the car and asked, "Can I leave these on?"

"Yes." Ben opened her door and leaned in to recline the passenger seat all the way back. Cathy slipped into the seat and automatically put her hands behind the headrest and closed her eyes. Ben leaned in again and kissed her gently on the lips. "You are amazing, and I love you."

Without opening her eyes, Cathy smiled. "I love you, too."

Ben moved slowly around to the driver's side and settled in. As he pulled away from the curb, he said. "Put your feet up on the dash." Cathy did. Ben did not touch her, but focused on driving two blocks to a parking garage, slightly away from the commercial area. He watched as she ground her hips against the air, almost oblivious to her own subtle movements. 

Ben drove toward the roof of the garage, which he expected to be quiet. Halfway up, he removed the vibe from Cathy's jacket on his lap. Ben lifted Cathy's left hand off the headrest and gave her the vibrator. Switching the vibe to her right hand, Cathy began to work it over her pussy. Ben watched Cathy move it slowly and deliberately, over her clit, down the side, slipping it inside, and out and over, in and out, over and in, in and out.
