 I

Ben heard her shut off the water in the shower and moved quietly, almost tip-toeing, to the bathroom door. He could hear Gabrielle going through her post-shower routine: drying off, rubbing lotion over her entire body, putting her beautiful, mid-back length, dark-brown hair up in a towel, as she sang – off-key – with the radio. He leaned against the doorframe and imagined her hands moving over her soft dark-olive skin, and the way she'd smell when she came out. The music finally stopped and he heard her walking toward the bathroom door. He got ready.

She opened the door slowly. She was wearing a short, black silk robe, with the sash tied loosely in a bow. And, as he expected, her hair was wrapped up in a towel. She jumped a bit when she saw him standing there; he'd startled her, as he'd intended.

"You big dope, you just scared the Hell out of me!" she gasped.

He looked at her the way a wolf looks at a rabbit at dinnertime, staring into her soft, brown eyes as she reached out and to give him a half-hearted punch in the stomach.

"Big dummy," she said, as she turned to walk down the hallway toward the bedroom.

He reached out and grabbed her shoulder. He pulled her backward and spun her sideways to push her up against the wall. She resisted, but her petite, 5'2" frame was no match for his heavy, 6'3" build. He pushed his body against hers to overcome her initial resistance and that caused her to hit the wall harder than he'd wanted. She gasped again as her back hit the wall and he pinned her there with his body. She looked up at him and he saw a fire ignite in her eyes.

She opened her mouth to yell, "What the He..." but he mashed his mouth against hers.

He kissed her deeply as she squealed and tried to wiggle loose. She banged her fists into his shoulder blades, but it only took a few seconds for her to realize the futility of resisting. She stopped hitting him and began kissing him back.

He slowly moved his mouth away from hers, and took a step backward. She immediately made a half-hearted attempt to break free of his grip. He pulled her away from the wall slightly, and spun her around. He pushed her against the wall again, face first; putting one strong hand in the middle of her back to hold her in place. She moved her hands to the wall, trying to push back against him, and turned her head to look at him as he moved his free hand around her waist to untie the sash of her robe. Once untied, he grabbed the back of the sash and twisted it around his hand, pulling it completely out of the robe.

He quickly grabbed her wrists and pulled her arms behind her back. Her eyes went wide when she realized what he had planned, and again she tried to pull her hands free. He leaned one shoulder against her, to hold her in place, and carefully tied her wrists together with the silk sash of her robe.

"Please, don't hurt me," she whispered, as he ran his hands up her arms to the collar of her robe.

She was breathing hard, but the look in her eyes told him that she wasn't really afraid. It was almost as if she was eagerly anticipating what would happen next. He grabbed the collar of her robe and pulled the silk over her shoulders and down to her bound wrists.

He shifted his body so that he had one leg on either side of her and then reached up to pull the towel off her head. Her damp hair spilled down across her face, her shoulders, and her back, and he moved in closer to take in the fragrance of it. He could feel her hands – pressed between their bodies – groping at the front of his jeans; and even through the denim of the jeans and the silk tangle of her robe, he could feel her fingers rubbing against his cock.

He reached up with his left hand and gently pulled her hair to the side, exposing the back of her neck to his kiss. The smell of her hair and the lotion on her body, combined with the sound of her breathing, was already driving him crazy. He wanted nothing more than to open his jeans and plunge himself inside her, sink into her – become completely enveloped by her – but he knew that he had to control himself.

As he continued to kiss her neck and shoulders, he slid his right hand down over her hip and then slowly around to her lower belly; feeling her flesh react to his touch. Her breathing quickened in expectation, but he teased her a bit by moving his hand down to her thigh, and she let out an almost impatient moan as his fingers traced their way over her the top of her leg. He smiled slightly.

He began to trail his tongue down her spine to the space between her shoulder blades. Taking his time, stopping to kiss and gently bite the soft skin of her back. She jumped and she let out another small gasp each time he did.

"Stop teasing me," she hissed, as he moved his hand back to her belly, once again passing over the spot where he knew she wanted him to touch her.

He released her hair – letting it fall across her left shoulder and her back – and gently knelt down behind her. He moved his hands to her hips, and held her in place as he continued kissing his way down her back. By the time he reached the small of her back – one of his favorite spots on her body – she was trembling in his hands. He opened his eyes to admire the Spanish-style cross – one of several tattoos on her body – located just above a faint tan-line.

He moved his left hand to the tangle of silk around her wrists and gently pushed it upward. This moved her arms and the bottom of her robe upward, leaving her wonderful ass naked in front of him. He leaned in and gently bit her right cheek. She jumped again. She tried to turn herself around, but he exerted a little more pressure against the small of her back with his left arm, and she remained pinned against the wall.

As she struggled against him, he moved his right hand off her hip and down between her legs. He traced his fingers along her lips, and then lightly across her clit. Her entire body tensed and she exhaled what seemed like every molecule of oxygen in her body!

He slid his fingers over her clit again and she gasped.

"Oh, God, Baby, do it!" she groaned. "Don't tease me anymore!"

He slowly slid his fingers back to her lips, teasing her a bit more. She was already wet and his fingers were becoming slippery with her juices. He slowly trailed his tongue downward along the curve of her ass.

Gently, he slid his forefinger inside her, and she let out a long, low moan of satisfaction. She was finally getting a little of what she wanted from him. He slowly moved his finger in and out, left and right, and around in small circles; feeling her body respond to each movement. He didn't wait long before sliding a second finger inside her while angling his arm – somewhat awkwardly – to brush her clit with his thumb.

"Yesssss, that's it, baby. Right there!" she said, in a magnificently erotic half-moan/half-cry.

He released her arms – he knew she wouldn't fight him anymore – and moved his left hand to the cleft of her beautiful ass. Using his thumb and forefinger, he spread her cheeks apart slightly. He tilted his head to the right and pushed his face into her ass while sliding his tongue farther in.

She instantly rose up on her tip-toes trying to escape this new sensation.

"What are you doing?" she gasped!

She pushed herself upward, trying to lift herself away from him, and he thought that – if her hands were free – she would've dug her fingers into the sheetrock to climb the wall. But gravity and her bound hands conspired to keep her in his grasp. He kept his face against her skin, and pushed his tongue between her cheeks, toward her tiny hole.

"¡Oh, Dios mío!" she cried out as his tongue found its target.

He'd never done that to her before – never done it to anyone before – but he'd always wanted to do it to her...for her. And, he knew from past experience that when she lapsed into Spanish – her native tongue – that she was completely lost in the moment and that the coming orgasm would be explosive.

"¿Qué estás haciendo a mí?" she cried out, as he flicked his tongue against her hole.

Her body began to writhe around and he could barely control her with his hands between her legs as they were, but he held her against the wall as best he could and continued pushing his tongue between her gorgeous cheeks.

"Oh...oh, Dios, que se siente bebé tan bueno! ¡Oh, Dios, hacerlo bebé!"

Her voice and tone had changed. She was no longer begging...she was commanding!

He moved his fingers in and out of her faster, building quickly toward detonation.

"Oh, sí, es lamer!" she growled at him, between moans. "Hacer que me corra, Baby!"

Instead of wiggling to escape his tongue, now she tried to arch her hips backward, grinding her cheeks against his face. She grabbed at his hair – too short to pull – with her fingers, and when she couldn't get a hold of any, she balled up her hands into fists as tremors began to run through her body.

She let out a long, low moan as her body shook and convulsed against his. He had to struggle to keep his tongue on her and his fingers inside her. Her vaginal muscles clenched his fingers so tightly that he could barely move them inside her – though he didn't stop trying. He was able to give her a few more quick stabs with his tongue before her entire body bucked violently and she screamed out something unintelligible, which – given the aforementioned moaning, shaking, and convulsing – he felt fairly confident could be taken as a good sign.

Her orgasm seemed like it lasted for a full two minutes – and he loved every second of it! He continued to move his tongue and fingers on her, trying to prolong her pleasure...and his own.

She slowly came back to earth, and as she did her knees began to buckle slightly. He quickly moved his left hand from her ass to her left hip to support her.

As the tremors diminished and her breathing slowed, he gently slid his fingers out of her. She gasped as he slid his slick fingers over her clit.

"You bastard!" she said.

He slowly rose from his knees and pushed his body against hers, pinning her to the wall again. Then he reached up with his left hand, grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled! Being careful not to hurt her, he pulled just hard enough so that she had no choice but to let her head come back, exposing her neck.

"What did you say?" he asked, reasonably.

"You son of a bit..."

He pulled a little harder.

"What?"

She turned her head slowly to face him.

"You know how sensitive I am after I cum that hard," she said.

"Oh, so you wouldn't want me to slide my fingers over your clit again?" he asked, as he proceeded to do that very thing.

Her body jumped at his touch, but between his body and the wall, she had nowhere to go.

"Noooooo," she moaned. "Give me a minute to recover."

"Tsk, tsk, tsk...who's in charge here?" he asked, and moved his fingers down her lips slowly.

He moved in to kiss and gently bite her neck. And he continued to move his fingers up and down her wet lips, feeling the tremors returning to her body already.

Ah, the wonderful sexual magic of a multi-orgasmic woman, he thought to himself, and smiled.

"Pleeeease," she said, whispering her plea in his ear.

"Please, what?" he asked.

He moved his fingers faster, and angled his thumb to rub her clit.

She gasped and her body jumped again.

"Hmmm? Tell me what you want, baby!" he said. "Do you want me to make you cum again?"

He already knew the answer. She was already getting close again.

He released her hair and moved his left hand around her shoulder to fondle one of her perfect B-cup breasts.

"Yessss, make me cum, Baby! Don't stop!"

He could feel her trying to grab his cock, but the jeans made it impossible for her to do anything but rub him, though her efforts were certainly having an effect! His cock was straining against the front of his pants!

After a few more seconds, she began breathing in short, sharp gasps, and her body began to convulse again. He kept his fingers on her, but stopped moving them, and supported her in his arms as her second orgasm washed over her like a tidal wave.

He was breathing hard. As he supported her body, he tried to slow his racing heart, and control the fire in other parts of his body. The temperature in the hallway seemed to have climbed dramatically, and a fine sheen of sweat had developed on both their bodies.

She recovered from her second orgasm somewhat faster than she did the first. As he moved in to kiss her neck again, she turned her head to look back at him over her shoulder. He'd seen this look in her eyes before...it was a look that meant they wouldn't be finished here until neither of them could walk straight for three days! And they were both going to love it!

"I want you to put that fucking cock inside me, right now!" she demanded, squeezing the front of his jeans hard.

He let her go and took a step back, while moving his hands to the front of his pants to unbuckle his belt. She quickly turned around and pushed her body against his, lifting herself up on her tip-toes to kiss his neck.

His belt unbuckled, he fumbled with the button fly as she slid her face down to his chest and bit his right nipple through his t-shirt!

"AHHH!" he screamed. "Bitch!"

"Awww, poor baby," she said, looking up at him and making a pouty face. "What's the matter, can't take a little pain yourself?"

She moved her mouth toward his chest again, but he grabbed her neck with his left hand and pushed her back against the wall. He squeezed her pretty, little neck...just hard enough to let her know that he was still in charge. She stared into his eyes, gave him her best sly, sexy grin, and slowly slid her tongue out to lick her lips. The tables had turned! He had her neck in his hand, but she was now the one in control!

He held her in place as he awkwardly finished getting his jeans unbuttoned and unzipped with his free hand. He opened the front and pushed them down slightly, finally freeing his cock from the torture of being closed in. He moved against her and leaned down to kiss her mouth. She kissed him back, hard, as he wrapped his arms around her, pressing his cock against the warm, moist skin of her stomach.

He slid his hands down her back, cupped them under her ass, and then lifted her petite body upward. She wrapped her legs around him and leaned her upper body against his. She pulled her hands – which were never tied very tightly – from behind her back, and wrapped them around his neck, letting her robe fall to the floor at their feet.

He moved to once again pin her between his body and the wall, and carefully moved his right hand from her ass to guide his cock toward her sex. As he did, she tightened her grip on his neck.

"Don't worry, I won't drop you!" he whispered.

"I know baby...just go slow," she said, and kissed his neck.

Ben knew he was no porn star, but he was above-average in length and thickness – depending on which "expert" you chose to believe, well above-average – and Gabrielle was so petite that plenty of lube and patience were usually required just as things were really heating up. Ben had to admit, he was no longer a spring chicken either. The days of crazy positions – going through the Kama Sutra page by page – were long behind him. But, right there, right then, none of that mattered.

Feeling much less secure about this precarious balancing act than he let on, he slid his cock up and down her lips a few times, getting it wet with her juices. He watched her eyes go wide as he rubbed the head over her clit.

"You're teasing me again!" she moaned.

"Me?" he asked innocently. "No, I don't tease!"

She dug her nails into his back.

"Put that fucking cock inside me, right now," she hissed in his ear!

He slowly moved himself between her lips. Her mouth opened wide, but she held her breath, as the head slid inside her. He slowly moved a little farther inside her...and then pulled back, leaving only the head inside...then pushed just a bit farther in; each gentle thrust lubricated more of himself with her wetness, and made him crazier as he felt the heat of her enveloping him.

She moved her hands to the sides of his face and put the tip of her nose to his. They stared into each other's eyes as he worked his way deeper and deeper inside her, carefully letting her body adjust to the thickness of his cock. She timed her breaths with his gentle thrusts, and soon they were breathing in unison. It took several minutes to work the entire length inside her.

He began moving his cock in and out – setting a slow pace at first – then gradually increasing the speed and the force of his thrusts. She closed her eyes, but he kept his open to watch her beautiful face as she rode him.

They kept up a steady rhythm for about ten minutes, and they were both close to cumming – her for the third time – when they heard a loud knock on the apartment door – mere feet from where they were standing in the hallway.

Her eyes popped open as he stopped thrusting into her.

"What are you doing?" she asked. "Don't stop, I'm almost..."

"Shhh, someone's at the door," he whispered.

"Who the fuck..." she whispered, breathlessly.

Neither of them moved a muscle as they silently stared into each other's eyes for several moments.

"Hello, is anybody home?" a voice called out from the other side of the door.

It was nosey, old Mrs. Moynahan, the building gossip. She lived in the apartment next door and routinely sought to insert herself in their business. Mrs. M regularly, and loudly, proclaimed that she would not repeat gossip...so you'd better listen closely the first time she told a story.

As Ben stood still, trying to keep his weight carefully balanced so the hardwood floor wouldn't creak, Gaby began moving against him, using her legs and arms to move herself up and down on his still-hard cock.

"What are you doing?" he whispered.

"I'm trying to cum," she answered, as she dug her heels into his buttocks.

"Is everything OK? I thought I heard some strange noises a few minutes ago," the irritating voice continued from the other side of the door, and more knocks echoed in the hallway.

"Stop," he said, quietly. "If she hears us, she'll knock all day!"

She moved her hands to the back of his head and grabbed what little hair she could.

"If you don't make me cum again, right-fucking-now, I will scream at the top of my lungs and she can stand out there and knock until Christmas!"

It only took another minute – and two more sets of knocks – before Gaby was gasping for breath and Ben felt her cunt grip his cock like a vise. She closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and let out a long sigh.

"I'm gonna cum again," she whispered. "Don't stop...don't stop...don't stoooooop!"

She wrapped her arms tightly around his neck, and dug her nails into his shoulder blades, as she continued moving her hips against his.

"Oh, God, I'm gonna cu..." she began, but Ben quieted her by covering her mouth with his, as the tremors began running through her body again.

He held her tightly as the tremors escalated to sharp convulsions, and she gasped for breath. As she came, the muscles of her pussy tried to squeeze Ben out of her, and she quickly lowered herself all the way down the length of his cock in a desperate struggle to keep it deep inside her.

It was all Ben could do to hold on to her and keep his balance – and do it quietly – because all he wanted to do is explode inside her – screaming out loud as he did so.

She kept her arms and legs wrapped around him for several minutes, until her body stopped shaking and her breathing slowed. The heat of her wrapped around him was driving Ben crazy, and he could feel her juices running down his balls onto his thighs.

"Are you OK, Baby?" he whispered, in a voice much steadier than he thought possible.
