 In life, everyone makes compromises. We give something to get something. It isn't often both sides get everything they want, or end up completely satisfied with whatever it is, once they've gotten it.

Ben and Gabrielle, however, had always been happy with each other, and with the little trade-offs their life together sometimes required.

The events that led to the compromise, which in turn led to the fulfillment of Gaby's number one unfulfilled fantasy, began with an innocent remark.

"I'm thinking about getting my hair cut," Gaby said.

They sat at the kitchen table, enjoying a lazy Saturday morning brunch; she wore a tight, white cotton wife beater, and blood red boxer shorts; he a black t-shirt and baggy gray sweatpants.

"Any particular reason?" Ben asked, figuring she probably meant nothing more than a trim.

"I'd just like a change," she answered, munching a piece of toast.

"Hmmm," he mumbled, then fell silent.

He let the silence hang in the air, while counting the seconds in his head.

"Well?" she asked, finally.

"Well, what?" he teased.

"What do you think?" she asked.

He looked at her and thought for a few moments.

"I think you should get a pixie cut," he suggested.

"Really? A pixie?" she asked, scrunching her nose. "I wasn't thinking of going that short."

"Yep, like Anne Hathaway got after 'Les Miserables,'" he said, horribly mispronouncing the title of the movie. "I think it's very sexy."

Gaby put her hand to the side of her head, and tugged at a long strand of dark brown hair.

"She is gorgeous," Gaby agreed. "But, my hair has never been that short."

As long as he'd known her, Gaby's hair had fallen to the middle of her back.

"I'm not sayin'," Ben said. "I'm just sayin'."

"I was thinking of taking off a few inches," she said, quietly. "Nothing crazy."

"OK," he said, indefinitely.

More silence passed between them.

"You'd like my hair like that?" she asked, a minute later.

He smiled before he answered.

"Gabrielle; my muse; my love; light of my life," he began, seriously, "I love you as you are. I would love you if you were bald. I would love you if you were as hairy as the abominable-ble-ble snowman."

She laughed at him.

"OK," he said, with a grin, "maybe not if you were bald."

She threw her last bite of toast at him and stuck out her tongue. He reached out, grabbed her arm, and pulled her to him, holding her sideways on his lap.

"Dear," he said, looking into her deep, brown eyes, "I love your hair the way it is.

He used his right hand to sweep her hair away from her neck. He leaned in close and she felt his hot breath wash over her dark olive skin.

"But," he whispered, "if you cut it short, I'll have greater access to your pretty little neck."

He kissed her neck, and trailed his tongue across her jugular.

"Ohhh," Gaby moaned, "you know what that does to me."

"Mmmm, hmmm," he murmured, not removing his lips from her skin.

She struggled to turn herself. Finally straddling him on the chair, she put her hands on the sides of his face and pulled his lips to hers. She kissed him deeply, pushing her tongue against his.

Ben wrapped his arms around her and slipped his hands inside the fabric of her shirt. He let his fingers caress her back.

"You're starting trouble," she whispered, breaking the kiss.

"You noticed, eh," he said, and kissed her again.

She pushed herself away from him, breaking free of his grasp, and stood up. She looked down at him in the chair, then held out her hand.

"Come on," she demanded. "Let's go."

She led him out of the kitchen and turned toward the bedroom.

He followed willingly, squeezing her hand gently. Of course, he knew better than to believe she had completely abandoned the subject of her hair.

It took two days.

Monday evening, after arriving home from school, she brought up the subject again.

"I'll make a deal with you," she said.

"OK," he said, tentatively, "let's hear it."

"I'll get the pixie cut, if you do something for me," she said.

"Gaby, you know I would do almost anything for you already," he reminded her.

"We'll see," she said.

"What is it?" he asked.

She looked at him for a few moments, but remained silent.

"Well," he prompted.

She hesitated another moment, then explained what she wanted.

When she finished, he remained silent for nearly a minute.

"Where did that come from?" he asked, finally.

"I don't know," she answered. "It's been a fantasy of mine for a long time."

"And, you've never done it?" he asked.

"No," she said. "I've never even told anyone about it. It's probably my number one unfulfilled fantasy."

He took another moment to deliberate. She watched him as he weighed her offer.

"I have a few conditions," he said. "And, one request."

"Go ahead," she said.

He explained, and she quickly consented to all.

"OK, then; let's do it," he said, simply.

"Really?" she asked, surprised.

He looked at her.

"You thought I'd say no without even considering it, didn't you?" he asked.

She didn't reply for several seconds.

"I..." she began.

"Too late," he said, cutting her off, "the deal is made. You can't back out now."

"I didn't think you'd do that," she said, quietly.

"Have I ever said no to any sexual request you've made?" he asked.

"No," she answered.

"This will require a trip to the toy store," Ben said.

"Why?" she asked.

"To get the necessary...equipment," he said.

"You don't think what we have is adequate?" she asked.

He shook his head.

"So, when are you going to get your hair cut?" he asked.

"I don't have class Friday afternoon," she said. "I'll try to get an appointment for then."

"Cool," he said. "I think I'm free. I'll call Giuseppe's. We can go to dinner afterward, and then to the toy store."

"Deal," she said, not completely sure about her end of the bargain.

Late Friday afternoon, Ben drove Gaby in his Jeep to her hairstylist.

She wore black leather pants; a tight, black, backless top, and four-inch strappy black heels to enhance her 5'2" height. She'd painted her finger and toe nails blood red. He could see her toes peeking out through the front of her shoes. She'd accessorized her appearance with blood red lipstick.

He walked to the door of the salon with her. He pulled the door open and waited as she walked in. He moved to follow her.

"Oh, no you don't," she said, turning toward him. "This will be hard enough without you sitting there watching."

"What are you talking about?" he asked.

"Why don't you go browse around Barnes & Noble," she suggested, waving a hand in the direction of the bookstore two doors down. "I'll come find you when I'm done."

"Why?" he asked. "Don't you want me to meet your hairdresser?"

"Get moving," she ordered.

"She's really hot, isn't she?" he asked.

"She is a he, you idiot," Gaby said.

"A he?" Ben asked.

"Yes," she said, loudly, "and he'd be more interested in your ass than in mine. Now go."

"OK, if you insist," he teased, as he turned toward the bookstore.

She shook her head as he walked away.

Ben spent nearly an hour in the bookstore. He wandered the aisles, finding several books he wanted; then sat down to flip through one of them while he waited for Gaby.

He laughed at the myriad people sitting around with laptop and tablet computers.

Bunch of hippies, he thought, why don't you actually buy a book instead of sitting here for hours using the free wi-fi?

He happened to glance at the entrance as Gaby walked through the door. A man exiting the store at the same time nearly walked into the door as he turned his head to stare at Gaby. Her hair looked fantastic. The cut was precisely what Ben had envisioned, and he told himself he'd have to thank her stylist.

Gaby didn't see him, and began walking toward the other side of the store. She had her right hand up at her neck, and she trailed her fingers along the bottom of her new hairstyle. Ben chuckled as he stood up and followed her. He crouched slightly, to avoid being seen by her.

He moved quickly and caught her near the back corner of the store.

"Excuse me, Miss," he said, quietly, "but, how'd you like to go out and have a good time?"

"I don't know if my fiancé would like that very much," she said, turning slowly to face him.

"Is he bigger than me?" Ben asked.

She glanced down at his crotch.

"Hmmm, probably," she said, dismissively.

"Well, I'm pretty good with my fingers and tongue, too," he offered.

"My guy has magic fingers," she said, turning away from him, pretending to look at the books on the nearest shelf.

"Really?" he asked.

"Really," she confirmed. "He is a master at making me cum."

"Must be a great guy," he said.

"Well, he's not too bright sometimes," she teased, "and he's insanely jealous; not to mention built like a gorilla."

"Huh. I guess I'd better leave before he shows up," Ben said.

"I guess you better," she echoed.

Ben turned to walk away, but Gaby grabbed him.

"What do you think about it?" she asked.

He reached up to touch the side of her head, letting his fingers run through the short hair.

"I think it looks fantastic," he said. "No, that's not even close. I think it looks incredibly fantastic. Or, even, terrifically, incredibly, fantastic!"

"So, you're saying you like it?" she laughed.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

Again, she reached up to touch her hair.

"I think it's cute," she answered, "but it'll take some getting used to."

"It's gorgeous, Baby," Ben said.

"Yeah?" she asked, still not sure.

"Sexy is an understatement," he assured her.

"Well, at least all that hair is going to 'Locks of Love,'" she said.

"That's a good thing," he said, with a smile. "Some kid will appreciate it."

He leaned over to kiss her lips. He pushed his tongue against hers, and pulled her body to him.

She kissed him back for several seconds, but as he slipped his hands to her ass, she pushed him away.

"We're in public, Ben," she whispered.

He pulled her toward him again.

"I don't care if anyone sees," he said, with a mischievous grin.

He kissed her neck.

"Ohhh," she moaned, "that's not fair."

She fought to regain her senses.

"No," she managed to say, again pushing him away. "It's time for you to keep up your end of the deal."

He looked into her eyes.

"Oh, you didn't forget about that, huh," he said.

"Let's go get some dinner first," she said, "then I get what I want."

They held hands as they left the store.

The books Ben had intended to buy remained on the table next to the chair he'd been sitting in while waiting for Gaby.

To Ben, dinner seemed to last forever. They'd both ordered light meals, not wanting to get too full, in anticipation of the night's promised revelries.

He couldn't take his eyes off Gaby. Nor, it appeared, could the other men in the restaurant. Ben caught several men casting surreptitious glances toward their table when they thought no one – especially their wives or girlfriends – would see. Gaby noticed the attention, too.

Joey, the owner of Giuseppe's, came out of the kitchen to sit and have a glass of wine with them. He remarked, most favorably, on Gaby's new hairstyle. Ben watched her confidence in her new appearance grow quickly.

By the time they left the restaurant, Ben was sure Gaby had accepted that her hair truly did look as good as he had assured her it did.

He ached to touch her again; to feel the warmth of her skin under his fingers. He put his hand on her bare back as they walked toward the exit. They both felt electricity pass between them.

The trip to their preferred toy store took only 20 minutes. Despite its name, Devilish Delights was an upscale adult bookstore. While the illuminated sign in front featured two large Ds, which could make the uninformed think the establishment a sleazy strip club, the inside was clean and well-lit, and housed no dancers, alcohol, or video booths.

DDs did contain a wide variety of pornographic movies on DVD – advertisements boasted they carried more than two thousand titles – and a large selection of lingerie and costumes, as well as myriad sex toys and other intimacy aids.

Ben and Gabrielle found few people in the store – surprising for a Friday evening. They meandered through the store, pausing to look at a few movies, then made their way to the toy section.

Gaby quickly pointed to a large dildo. The package claimed it was 15 inches long, and it appeared to be at least 4 inches in diameter.

"Uh, no," Ben said, immediately.

"Chicken," Gaby said, teasing him.

He reached out to put his arm around her waist.

"Something small," Ben said.

He pulled a package off a hook. The plastic enclosed a blood red vibrator, six inches long, and slightly wider than his middle finger.

"I think this'll do," he said, turning to look at Gaby.

She took the package from him.

"Are you sure?" Gaby asked.

He again considered the toy.

"Yes," he said.

"We could use some more lube," Gaby said.

"Good thinking," he said. "More lube."

Their selections paid for, they exited the building and walked to Ben's Jeep, holding hands.

Ben smiled as he opened the passenger's side door for Gaby. He shut the door and made his way to the driver's side. He climbed into his seat and started the Jeep. He knew the drive home couldn't possibly go quickly enough...for either of them.

As he drove out of the parking lot, Gaby slipped the fabric of her top over her shoulders; then pushed it down to her waist, and freed her arms.

"What are you doing?" Ben asked, looking at her.

She didn't answer, only reached up and let her fingers pass over her nipples.

Ben reached out to touch her, but she pushed away his hand.

"Drive," she said.

"I can do both," he assured her, attempting again to grope her.

"Concentrate on the road," she ordered, "I don't want you to kill us."

"Have I ever killed you? Even once," he objected.

Out of the corner of his eye, he watched her unsnap her pants. She lowered the zipper and spread the leather, revealing her lower belly.

She bent her left leg and awkwardly turned to rest it on the seat. She leaned back against the passenger's door.

He turned his head to look at her.

She arched her back slightly and slipped her right hand inside her pants. Her mouth fell open as her fingers found her lips.

"Oh, Ben," she whispered, "I'm already wet."

He turned his eyes back to the road, but reached out to touch her leather-clad leg.

"No," she said, slapping his wrist with her left hand.

He looked into her eyes.

"Not yet," she said.

She moved her left hand to her chest and pinched her right nipple.

He could see her fingers moving inside her pants as she rubbed her clit.

"Should I put a finger in, Ben?" she asked.

"You're poking the bear," he said.

"Not yet I'm not," she teased.

She let out a sigh as she slipped a finger into her pussy.

"Oh, I've needed this all day," she whispered.

"We could've done something about that while we were in Barnes & Noble," he reminded her.

She smiled as he looked at her.

Gaby removed her hand from her pants. She brought her fingers to her mouth and licked them.

"Mmmm," she moaned. "Want some Ben?"

She leaned toward him and moved her fingers to his lips. He could smell her sex on them. He stuck out his tongue to taste her.

She pulled back her hand, leaving him with nothing but the scent on the air.

"You are going to be in such trouble when we get out of this car," he warned her.

He heard her window go down and turned his head. In the glow of the dashboard lights, he could see a playful grin on her face, as night air filled the Jeep's cabin.

"Am I?" she responded to his warning.

He watched as her fingers again disappeared into her pants. She gasped and her head fell back to the window frame of the door.

"Are you gonna punish me, Baby?" she asked, above the rushing air.

"Yes, I am," he said.

"Ohhhh, are you gonna spank my pretty little ass?" she teased.

"No," he said. "You'd enjoy that too much."

She frowned at him. She didn't speak, but removed her hand from her pants, and twisted to get on her knees. She pushed her pants down past her thighs, then leaned against Ben's shoulder, and kissed his cheek.

She moved her right hand between his legs and squeezed his cock through his pants.

"That's not helping," he told her.

She began moving her hand up and down the length of his cock. Even through the fabric of his pants, the sensation drove him crazy.

"God, that air feels so good on my ass," she said.

He put his right arm around her and pulled her against his body. He slid his hand down her back, across her bare ass. She tried to wiggle away from him, but he held her tightly.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"This," he said, sliding his fingers down her lips.

"Yessss," she hissed.

He turned his fingers, getting them wet with her juices. She squeezed his cock harder, and tried to rub his balls. She put her left arm around his neck, resting it on his left shoulder.

In a sudden move, he thrust two fingers inside her pussy.

"Dios mio," she screamed in his ear.

She dug her nails into his shoulder as he buried his fingers, going to the last knuckle.

She moaned, loudly, as he struggled to wiggle his fingers inside her; knowing that always drove her crazy.

"Oh, si, si, siiii!" she cried out as he finger-fucked her pussy, while trying to avoid driving off the road.

Her head fell into his lap.

As she gasped for breath, he pulled his fingers out of her.

"Que?" she asked, looking up at him, then switched back to English. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," he said.

"Why did you stop?" she asked.

"Hmmm, now who doesn't like to be teased?" he asked.

"Please, don't stop," she pleaded, "I promise, I won't tease you again."

"Ever," he said.

"I can't say that...," she began.

He started to pull his arm away from her.

"OK, OK, I promise," she said, raising her head. "No more teasing...ever."

He looked into her eyes for several seconds.

"Open your pants and I'll make it up to you, Baby," she said.

Ben knew they were only a few minutes from home. His mind tried to convince him it would be better – and safer – to wait until they'd reached the apartment. His intellect, however, was no match for the lust Gaby stirred in him.

She reached out to hold the steering wheel while he moved his seat back as far as it would go, and then reclined it nearly 30 degrees. He fumbled to open his belt and pants. That done, he carefully lifted his hips enough to push them and his boxer-briefs down. The confines of the driver's seat only allowed him to get them to the bottom of his ass, but did allow him to expose himself to Gaby.

"Oh, I love that big cock," Gaby cooed, as he again took the wheel.

Gaby lowered her head into his lap and took the head of his stiffening cock between her lips.

He moved his right hand back to her ass, and gave her right butt cheek a hard slap.

"Agh," she screamed around his cock.

He slapped her again. She moaned and wiggled her ass, as if asking for more.

Knowing she wanted it, Ben denied her. Instead, he pushed his fingers inside her again, slowly at first.

As Gaby took more of him in her eager little mouth, he moved his fingers faster, and with more force. She began to grunt as she received each thrust, and her juices coated his fingers.

Ben couldn't decide if he was glad or not that no cars were traveling in the lane beside the Jeep. In truth, however, his brain was currently barely capable of rational thought. He could think only of getting home and getting inside Gabrielle.

His cock grew in her mouth, filling it, and sliding into her throat. She held him there, her throat grabbing at him, trying to pull him deeper, as he rammed his fingers into her.
