 Ben carefully maneuvered his Jeep Wrangler Unlimited along the road looping through Newark-Liberty airport, fighting to avoid the hundred and one idiot drivers who'd obviously been dispatched to kill him – and his passenger.

"Moron," he growled, as yet another less-than-conscientious driver decided a turn signal and adequate space wasn't required before cutting across two lanes of traffic to enter the short-term parking lot.

"Easy, Baby," Gaby whispered, reaching over from the passenger's seat to touch his elbow.

He frowned as he looked up into his rearview mirror. Their trip to the airport – and the resulting exercise in patience for Ben – was required by Gaby's participation in a teacher's conference in Miami.

What, Ben wondered, did her bosses think people would learn while surrounded by sun, sand, and half-naked bodies down there.

"Are you sure you don't want me to come in with you?" Ben asked.

"I'm sure," she answered. "You couldn't come back to the gate anyway. Security."

"Security, ha," he grumbled, loudly, as he merged into the lane leading up a ramp to the Departures area of Terminal C.

Though he was tired, he silently blessed Gaby for booking a Wednesday, early-morning flight. He hated trying to get to and from the airport during the rush hours, and on Fridays. The number of idiot drivers increased exponentially during those times.

Approaching the middle of the building, Ben spied an opening at the curb. He managed to pull into the space without further incident. They slipped from the vehicle, and Ben began removing the myriad luggage Gaby needed. She had a large wheeled suitcase, a smaller suitcase, and a backpack.

"Why so much stuff?" Ben asked no one in particular. "It's Miami. All you need is a bikini and some sunblock."

"I don't even need the whole bikini," Gaby said, with a grin, "just the bottoms."

Ben stopped unloading and stared at her for a moment. She winked at him as she reached for her backpack.

"Watch out you don't get sunburned," Ben cautioned.

Gaby stuck out her tongue at him and stood on the curb as he pulled out the suitcases. She wore black yoga pants, black, calf-high, leather boots, topped off with an oversized, gray Texas A&M sweatshirt.

Once Ben had the baggage on the sidewalk, Gaby moved close to hug him. He slid his hands under her ass and lifted her petite, 5'2" frame off the ground. She wrapped her legs around him as they kissed for more than a minute.

"I have a plane to catch," Gaby whispered, breaking the kiss.

Ben returned Gaby to her feet. She reached around and squeezed his ass, as he looked into her brown eyes, and ran his right hand through the pixie cut dark-brown hair on her head.

"I'm going to miss you," he whispered.

"Be good," Gaby said.

"I can't promise that," Ben said, winking at her.

"Well, don't kill anyone on the drive home," she insisted.

"You never let me have any fun," Ben said, leaning over to kiss her again.

After the quick peck and a smile, she turned to pick up her backpack. Ben spied a Port Authority Police Officer moving slowly in their direction.

"I think I'm about to get shooed away," Ben said. "I'd better get going."

He turned to leave, but stopped, and spun to face her again.

"I love you, Gabriella Sarsaparilla Armadilla," he said, loudly, while taking two small steps backward.

A wide smile creased her face.

"I love you, too, Baby," she said.

He returned her smile as he disappeared around the corner of the Jeep. As he climbed into the driver's seat, Gaby began rolling her luggage toward the terminal. Ben watched the sliding doors close behind her before he pulled away from the curb.

Ben left the airport knowing he'd get home in time to grab a few more hours of sleep before getting up – again – to meet a new client. He'd tried to re-schedule this project so he could accompany Gaby to Miami. Unfortunately, the client's plans couldn't be changed, and – while in the process of buying a house – he knew the paycheck would be too substantial to pass up.

Late Friday afternoon, Ben sat in front of his computer, trying to write. He struggled to avoid the temptation of turning on the television, or checking his e-mail, or Twitter, or Facebook. As shadows slowly flooded his office, his cell phone rang. The ringtone let him know it was Gaby.

"City morgue," he answered.

"Hey, Babe," Gaby said, laughing. "What are you doing?"

"Writing," he said.

"So, you've been sitting there, staring at the monitor, arguing with yourself about the same word for the last 20 minutes, haven't you?" she asked.

"More like 30 minutes," he admitted.

She laughed at him.

"You know me too well," Ben said.

More long-distance laughter filled his ear.

"How's Miami?" he asked.

"It's nice," she said. "Very hot."

"Are you talking about the city, or the beach?" he teased.

"Oh, my Gods, you would not believe the bodies on the beach," she said. "Or, what some of the girls are calling bathing suits."

"Send me pictures, woman," Ben demanded.

He could almost see her rolling her eyes at him.

"Have you gotten much sun?" he asked.

"I was out for a few hours on Wednesday, but had meetings all day yesterday and today," she told him. "I'm hoping to get some more sun tomorrow."

"Mmmm, tan lines," he sighed. "I can't wait to see them...and lick them."

"Don't get me started," she warned. "I called for something else."

"Is everything OK?" he asked.

"Yes," she assured him. "Andy just called me and said she wanted to deliver some paperwork for the house. I told her she could bring them over to the apartment."

"Wow, that was fast," he said.

"She said to have our lawyer look over it; then we can sign it, and get it back to her," Gaby said.

"Sounds good to me," Ben said.

"Maybe you should take Andy to dinner," Gaby suggested.

"Uh," Ben managed to say, running a hand over the two-day growth of stubble on his chin.

"Shave quickly," Gaby said.

She really does know me too well, he thought.

"I'll try," he allowed.

"I have to get going, Babe," she said. "I have one more session for the day, and then I'm going out to dinner with the City University contingent."

"OK," he said. "Have fun."

"I will," she said. "I love you."

"I know," Ben said, hanging up.

He smiled, knowing if she were there in the room with him when he said that, she'd hit him. He saved his Word document, and then stood to head for the bathroom. After brushing his teeth, he shaved. Before he could strip off his t-shirt and sweatpants to hit the shower, however, he heard a long series of knocks on the apartment door.

Ben sauntered into the hallway. Since no one had buzzed from down at street level, he opened the apartment door expecting to see Whitney – a friend he and Gaby had played with a few times – or Mrs. Moynahan, the building's gossip monger, certified curmudgeon, and complainer-in-chief. The two women comprised their neighbors on the second floor. He hoped for the former, but sadly expected the latter.

Andy stood in the hallway, holding a thick brown envelope. She wore a khaki-colored trench coat. He was slightly shocked at her appearance – though it had nothing to do with her coat. Her normally dark brown pixie cut was now peroxide blonde.

"Hi, Ben," she said. "The downstairs door was open, so I came right up."

"Hey, Andy," he managed to say, looking at her hair.

"You like it," she asked, moving her right hand to her hair.

"It's...sexy," he said. "Very sexy."

The new color complemented her pale skin, he thought, and made her deep brown eyes stand out all the more.

"Yeah?" she asked, unsure of his answer.

"Absolutely," Ben assured her with a smile. "It was just unexpected. When I saw you three weeks ago, it was brown."

"I needed a change," she said. "Can I come in?"

"Of course," he said. "Please do."

Ben stepped aside to let her enter the apartment.

She slipped off her coat as she moved past him. He let his eyes run over her body. Skin tight, black, wet-look, pleather leggings hugged her athletic body, from her ankles to her waist. A tight white t-shirt nicely displayed her braless 34C breasts. He could detect the outlines of her dark areolas, and her hardening nipples, through the thin fabric. The shirt hung down just to the top of her ass, which the leggings displayed wonderfully – as if they were painted on her skin. Ben couldn't help but stare. Four-inch black leather ankle boots augmented Andy's 5'8" frame.

He closed the door and turned to follow the intoxicating scent of her perfume as she walked into the living room. She dropped her coat on the arm of an oversized red upholstered chair Gaby had named "The Ben Chair."

She turned and looked into his eyes as he approached.

"Here you go, my dear," she said, holding out the envelope.

He took it, surprised at the weight.

"A few signatures, a check, and the house is all yours," she said, smiling. "We'll be neighbors."

"This went a lot faster than I ever thought it would," he admitted.

"Well, my grandmother put a little pressure on her lawyers," she said. "She didn't want them to wrangle over every little item for the next six months."

"Thanks, Morgana," Ben said, referring to Andy's Nana, knowing an expedited sale would save he and Gaby a lot of money in lawyer's fees.

"I hope I'm not interrupting anything," Andy said, looking around the living room. "I didn't know Gaby was away when I called."

"No, I was doing some writing, and was about to take a shower," he answered. "Gaby thought you might like to go out to dinner."

"In Miami?" Andy teased, lowering her head, and gazing up at him.

The look caused Ben's answer to catch in his throat.

"No, uh," he said, finally. "With me...somewhere around here."

"Could we start with dessert?" Andy asked, taking a step closer, and reaching out to touch him.

He looked at her lips, slightly pursed – as if wanting to be kissed.

"I'm a big fan of dessert," Ben said. "But, maybe we should wait."

She moved closer, pressing her body against his.

"I know you're attracted to me, Ben," she cooed in his ear.

"Of course, I am," he said, in a matter of fact manner. "What straight man wouldn't be?"

"No, it's more than that," she said. "It's more than just physical attraction."

He looked into her eyes, but remained silent.

"So, what's the problem?" she questioned, after a few moments, running her right hand up his chest. "It's not like we haven't fucked before."

"You shouldn't be doing that," Ben said.

"Why not, Ben?" she asked, playfully.

"Because Gaby's not here," he said.

"And, you can't fuck me without Gaby?" Andy teased.

"It's not a question of the physical act," he said.

"I know that," Andy countered, "we've already done the physical part."

"Yes, with Gaby there," Ben allowed. "Gaby and I play with others, or allow each other to play, but only while the other is there, or with permission."

Andy made the sound of a whip cracking.

"You poor boy," she said. "You're whipped."

He looked at her and smiled.

"No, it's not whipped," Ben said. "It's love. I love Gaby, and I won't do anything to fuck up our relationship. I trust her and she trusts me."

"Christ, Ben," Andy sighed. "My crush on you just got even bigger."

He laughed as she turned and walked over to her coat.

"Gaby gave me something to give you," Andy said, bending at the waist, allowing him an excellent view of her perfect ass.

She reached in a pocket, pulled out a small envelope, and handed it to Ben. He held it up to his ear.

"It's not ticking," he said.

"No, we used a digital timer," Andy said, with a wink.

Ben opened it, making as show of doing so cautiously, as if it might actually explode. Inside, he found a note. He recognized the handwriting as Gaby's.

Ben, You didn't think I'd head off to the sun and sand, and leave you with nothing, did you? Have fun with Andy. I love you. – Gaby PS: Don't forget the rules.

He laughed out loud.

"I love you, too, Baby" he whispered.

"Have you read this?" he asked Andy, holding up the note.

"I was there when Gaby wrote it," she answered. "We talked about things before she left for Miami."

"So, if you had this," he asked, "what was that little seduction scene about?"

"I was testing you," she said, smiling.

"Just you?" he asked.

"What do you mean?" she returned.

"Was it just you testing me? Or, Gaby, too?" he asked.

"It was me. Gaby didn't know anything about it, I swear," she said.

He looked at her for a few moments, remaining silent...thinking.

"Hey, what are the rules?" she asked, finally.

"What?" he asked, snapping back to awareness.

"When the three of us played together, Gaby mentioned three rules," Andy said. "And, she mentioned them again in that note."

"Well, number one is: I have to use a condom when having sex with anyone but Gaby," he said.

"I kind of figured out that one," she said.

"Number two is: When I cum, it's Gaby's," Ben continued. "That one is flexible. We usually play it by ear."

"Yes, we broke that one last time," Andy recalled. "And, it would be impossible to abide by that rule tonight."

He nodded in agreement.

"So, if we're gonna go to dinner, I need to hit the shower first," Ben said, slipping by her and walking back into the hallway leading past the front door, and toward the bathroom and bedroom.

"Hey," she exclaimed.

"Yes?" he asked, without stopping.

"What's rule three?" she demanded.

"Huh?" he teased.

"Rule three," she said, loudly, as he turned left, disappearing into the bathroom.

She hesitated for a few moments, then heard water running. She walked down the hallway. The bathroom door had been left halfway open. She entered without knocking.

Ben, already naked, stepped into the tub. He pulled the clear plastic shower curtain along the metal rod, separating them.

"Are you going to tell me?" Andy asked.

"What?" he said, lowering his head into the spray of hot water. "I can't hear you."

"Gaby told me you're a stubborn man," Andy said, watching him reach for a bottle of shampoo.

"You should know by now that 'stubborn' and 'man' are a bit redundant?" he asked.

She laughed for a few seconds.

"I thought you couldn't hear me," she said, reaching down to slip off her boots.

He didn't answer as he rinsed his hair. She stood up as he poured bodywash into his hand. While he ran his hands over his torso, she pulled her shirt up over her head and dropped it to the floor. Ben watched her through the curtain, admiring her breasts.

Andy turned away. Looking back at him over her right shoulder, she slipped her fingers inside the top of the leggings. As she pushed them downward, she bent over, giving him a full view of her now bare ass. He stopped washing himself and watched as she extracted her feet from the pleather.

She straightened her body and turned to face him once more. He could see her closely trimmed strip of dark pubic hair. His hands traveled downward and he lathered his lower body as she approached the curtain. She entered the tub and stood behind him, placing her hands on his back as he rinsed off.

He turned and pulled her under the spray of the water. Andy raised her hands to her hair. She opened her mouth to complain, but he stopped her voice with a kiss. Her hands fell to his shoulders, then to his hips as he wrapped his arms around her.

The kiss became more passionate, their tongues dancing, each pushing against the other. She moaned into his mouth as she embraced him, and leaned into him, forcing him back to the tile wall beneath the showerhead.

Andy reached down to grab his stiffening cock, stroking his length.

"Fuck," he gasped, breaking the kiss.

He moved his hands down her back. He turned her 90 degrees and slipped his right hand between her legs, finding her clit. Her body nearly doubled over as electricity shot through her every nerve.

"Yessss," she hissed, as he manipulated her roughly. "Gaby told me you have magic fingers."

"Did she?" he asked, rhetorically.

Steadily rubbing between her legs, he gave her several small kisses, and teased her by pulling back as she tried to kiss him in return.

"I can't believe how hot you are, Andy," he said, looking down her body.

She tried to nod, but her mouth fell open as two fingers pressed between her lips. Entering her slowly, they quickly becoming slick with her juices. As he went deeper, she released his cock and grabbed at his right wrist. He did not relent. Instead, he began increasing the force and speed of his movements, finger fucking her harder and faster.

Ben moved his mouth to her neck, kissing and biting the sensitive skin there. He worked his left hand in between her and the wall. Finding her ass, he slid his fingers over her cheeks. She moaned and he raised his head to look at her.

"Ohhhh, Bennn..." she cried. "Make me cum."

Her knees threatened to buckle and he pressed his body against hers to hold her up. She tried, struggling against the pleasure racing through her body, to wrap her arms around him – she failed, her hands finding his right bicep and left shoulder. Her nails dug into his skin. Behind, he gently poked the tip of his middle finger into her tight hole. Her body stiffened against his, and she held her breath for several seconds. As she relaxed, he gently but deliberately wiggled it deeper...advancing until he reached his last knuckle.

Only a minute later, her body began to tremble.

"Yes! Yes," she moaned. "I'm cumming."

Her cunt squeezed his fingers, making it difficult for him to move. He did not stop trying, forcing his fingers into her as she gasped for breath.

"That's right, cum for me," he demanded.

Her orgasm overwhelmed her senses, and her body convulsed violently. He fought to hold her securely as a cloud of steam enveloped them.

Ben gave her no time to recover, continuing to fuck her with his thick fingers. Again, she gripped his wrist weakly, as if trying to stop him. He would not be denied in his carnal quest to please her. Her second orgasm washed over her before the first had completely receded.

"Jesus," Andy whispered, several minutes later, when she finally managed to catch her breath, "Gaby wasn't lying about those fingers."

"I do what I can," he said, smiling.

Her right hand found the shaft of his cock. She stroked slowly, as he gingerly let his fingers slip from inside her. Her mouth fell open as they exited. He made sure her legs would support her, then twisted to rinse his hands in the multiple streams of water spraying from above and behind.

"What can I say?" he moaned as she squeezed his thickness. "I love making a woman cum."

"You do it very well," she allowed.

"Does that mean you want more?" he asked.

"Well..." she began, but trailed off.

"What?" he asked.

"Gaby told me about something you do to her sometimes," she said, obviously trying to control the excitement in her voice.

"What is that?" he asked, already sure he knew the answer.

Andy blushed and looked away. He didn't help her, wanting to hear her say it.

"She..." she stammered, "she told me you tongue her ass."

He smiled.

"I do," he granted.

She remained silent.

"Is that what you want?" he asked her.

She nodded.

"Why are you so nervous all of a sudden?" he asked.

"I don't know," she began. "I...just feel shy about asking for it."

"You? Shy?" he mocked.

He smiled as he stifled a laugh. She looked at him.

"And, now you want it?" he asked, pushing the issue.

"Yes," she said, with more confidence. "Will you do it to me?"

"I'd love to stick my tongue in that perfect ass," he said. "Turn around."

As she did so, he edged his way past her. He grabbed the bottle of bodywash and poured out a small amount, letting it drop onto her spine, right in the small of her back. She squealed as the green gel slowly oozed its way downward between the cheeks of her ass.
