 Gaby was in her City University office, trying to finish some work before meeting Ben for dinner at a nearby restaurant. She stood - her back to the door - at her filing cabinet, flipping through multi-colored folders, in search of an old research paper she wanted to take home with her.

The poorly lit room was barely larger than an office cubicle. In addition to the filing cabinet, it was crowded with a large, dented, steel desk - probably, she thought, built during the Reagan administration - two mismatched bookshelves filled with books, and two chairs - one a rolling faux leather armchair she used, and the other a low, worn, upholstered chair she guessed might be older than the desk.

It did, however, have one feature which made Gaby choose it over other offices she'd been offered; it had a small window - one that actually opened. Located on the fourth floor, it didn't offer much of a view, but she could leave it open without fear of anyone crawling in.

"Professor D," a male voice said, from the doorway. "Do you have a minute? I need some help."

She stifled a long sigh as she turned around. Her schedule had been the same all semester, yet students routinely waited until the last five minutes of "office hours" to walk in her door.

"What can I..." she began.

"I know it's late in the semester," he said, interrupting her, "but is there anything I can do to raise my grade? Like extra credit."

She almost laughed when she saw him, but stopped herself. His heavy frame filled the doorway, and he was more than a foot taller than Gaby.

"Why don't you have a seat," she said, pointing to the chair closest to the door.

As he sat down, she moved over to lean against the front corner of her desk.

"So, you've been struggling," she said, "and you're just now asking for help?"

"I'm sorry," he said. "I've been trying to muddle through, but it's hard."

Again, she fought to suppress a laugh.

"I know things can be...difficult," she said. "But, you should have come sooner."

She watched as his eyes traveled up her petite, 5'2" body, starting at her strappy, four-inch, black heels; over her dark stockings; her black pencil skirt which ended just above her knees, and up to her pink silk, sleeveless, button-up blouse. His gaze lingered on the outline of her perky 32B breasts, then rose to her face, appreciating her red lips, small cute nose, and deep brown eyes. She was topped off by pixie cut dark brown hair.

"At this point," she said, lifting her ass and sliding back to sit on the desk, "there isn't much that can be done."

"Please, I need to pass your class in order to graduate," he said, as he watched her cross her legs. "I'll do anything."

"You sound pretty desperate," she said.

"I am," he allowed.

"Well," she said, slipping off the desk, "I'm afraid there's only one thing you can do to raise your grade."

She walked over and closed her office door.

"Like I said, I'll do anything," he told her.

"You've been studying?" she asked.

"As much as I can," he said.

"Do you think you could handle an oral exam?" she asked, drifting back to the front edge of her desk.

"I think that's where I perform best," he said.

"Really?" she asked, rhetorically. "Many of my male students have difficulty with them."

"Many?" he questioned, his voice rising slightly, before falling back to a whisper. "Then I'm not the only one, uh, having a hard time?"

A short giggle escaped Gaby's throat. She stood in front of him, very close, between his knees. He could smell her perfume.

"It is a hard subject," she whispered.

"I'd appreciate any help you can give me, professor," he said.

"The secret to mastering any subject or activity is lots of practice," Gaby said, letting her hands fall to the sides of her skirt.

He watched as she pulled the fabric upward. As the hem rose, exposing the top of her thigh high stockings, she lifted her right leg, placing her foot on the chair, between his legs. He placed his hands to her ankle. He looked up into her eyes as his hands proceeded upward slowly, trailing over the nylon.

His fingers traced along the top of her stocking, tickling her skin. Her body quivered. Bunching the skirt around her waist, she reached out to steady herself, placing her right hand on his left shoulder. His hands continued upward. The fingers of his right hand found the crotch of her thong panties. He could feel her heat through the lace.

"Ohhhh," she sighed as his fingers pressed against her lips.

Her fingers fumbled at the buttons of her blouse, trying to open them as he rubbed her.

"Is this OK?" he asked, tentatively.

"It's a good start," she whispered. "But, you might want to work a little faster. This is a timed exam. I have to meet my fiancé soon."

"Your fiancé?" he asked. "If you're engaged, why are..."

"Do you want this extra credit, or not?" she asked, cutting off his question.

He shrugged his shoulders before nodding.

"Then get to work," she ordered.

His left hand squeezed her ass hard. Her body stiffened. He stood up quickly, knocking her off balance. Before she could fall, his strong hands grabbed her upper arms. He walked her backwards until her ass made contact with the edge of the desk. The metal was cool against her cheeks.

"Lie back," he growled.

As she complied, he pushed her legs apart, and knelt between them. Without waiting, he gave the inside of her left thigh a gentle bite. She yelped and her body jumped. He slipped the first two fingers of his left hand inside the front of her panties. He pulled the material aside as his tongue trailed across her skin.

He found her wetness with his mouth and her body involuntarily tried to fold up. He grabbed her right leg and held it against his shoulder; her left dangled over the side of the desk. As his tongue found her clit, he let his fingers slide over her lips. Carefully, he inserted the tip of his forefinger. Her hot, wet cunt clutched at him as he went deeper. He flicked her bud with his tongue, and added a second finger.

"That's it," she whispered. "Just like that."

He began moving his fingers in and out of her, trying to wiggle them as his lips and tongue danced over her most sensitive spots. Quickly, she began to writhe on top of her desk. Her breath came in short gasps, and she put her right hand over her mouth, as if trying to stay quiet. Seeing this, he increased the speed of his efforts, taking her clit between his lips and sucking gently even as he fucked her hard with his fingers.

Even his five o'clock shadow, rough against her inner thighs - and more intimate parts - helped push her toward bliss. Her ass lifted from the desk, but he stayed with her, relentlessly driving her toward the temporary oblivion of orgasm. A moment later, her body convulsed as she went over that edge. She shook violently, and her cunt squeezed his fingers, but he did not take his mouth or fingers from her.

"Yes! Yes, I'm cumming," she hissed, as her legs wrapped around him, pulling him into her.

She let out a long moan as he continued pushing his tongue against her. She tried to speak - to plead with him to keep going, but her climax prevented her brain and mouth from working together. He did not intend to stop. He began to hum against her cunt. The vibrations rumbled though her petite body like an earthquake. Her fingers raked through his short hair as she clawed at his head. Pulling his fingers from her wetness, he grabbed her hips, trying to steady her as she came.

Without waiting for her first orgasm to end, he flicked his tongue against her clit. Gaby's body fell to the desktop as tremors continued to rock her senses. He stood up, carefully letting her legs slip to the desk. His right hand moved between her legs. He rubbed her clit roughly and her body jerked.

"Ohhhh," she whispered, reaching out to grab his wrist with both hands.

She pulled at him as he looked down at her. Their eyes met and he shook his head while increasing the speed and force of his assault. He could feel the strength draining from her hands as he pleasured her. With his left hand, he groped at her bra, pulling it out of place. His fingers danced over her left nipple. He squeezed it gently, then gave it a sharp slap.

"Fuck," she said, through gritted teeth.

He saw a fire ignite in her eyes. She tried to sit up, but he placed his hand in the middle of her chest and pushed her back down to the desktop. His manipulation of her lips and clit grew more intense, and her breathing became uneven.

"Are you going to cum for me, Professor?" he asked.

Without waiting for an answer, he once more slapped her nipple. She gasped. Her right hand captured his left; their fingers intertwined. He pulled her hand up over her head, then awkwardly leaned over her. As he worked her clit, knowing how close she was, he took her left nipple in his mouth. Sucking hard, he pressed his tongue against it as she came again. Her hands pulled free of his and she wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Her fingernails tore at his shirt as her body jerked.

"Cumming," she whimpered.

"Yes," he whispered, lifting his lips from her skin. "Cum for me."

The second orgasm hit her like a tidal wave. Her toes curled and her hands balled into fists as her last coherent thoughts focused on not crying out his name. Instead, a long, low moan escaped her lips. For a few moments, he watched her face wrinkle in beautiful ecstasy, then - starting between her breasts - he began to kiss his way down her body. Her body shuddered under his lips, and her hands slipped over his shoulders, falling to her chest.

Once he reached her stomach, he slipped his tongue into her belly button for a moment, then looked upward. He watched her breasts rise and fall as her breathing slowed. Small aftershocks ran through her body and she slid her hands over her skin. She pinched her own nipples as she looked at him.

"How was that?" he asked, standing up.

"It was very good," she sighed, "But, I'm not completely satisfied that you have a complete grasp of the material."

He seized her right arm with his left hand, and roughly pulled her up to a seated position. He slid his right hand up her body to her throat. He squeezed and she gasped for breath.

"How's my grasp now?" he asked, moving his face to hers, their noses touching.

She nodded her head a fraction of an inch. He tried to kiss her, wanting her to taste herself on his mouth, but she turned her head as his lips touched hers. He tightened his grip on her neck and tried again.

"No," she croaked, twisting her body, again impotently clutching at his wrist with both hands.

"I want to kiss you," he said.

She struggled to shake her head.

"Only for my fiancé," she whispered.

He smiled as he looked into her eyes for a moment. Releasing her neck, he brought his fingers to her lips.

"Clean them," he demanded.

She opened her mouth, taking the fingers inside. Her tongue swirled around them. A small moan escaped him as she licked and sucked her juices off his fingers. When he was satisfied she'd done what he wanted, he put his left hand on her shoulder and firmly pushed her down again. Gaby lay back on her desk, the bottom half of her ass hanging over the edge.

While she looked at him, he unbuttoned his shirt and removed it, tossing it on the chair he'd recently been sitting in. His t-shirt quickly joined it.

"Wait," she said, suddenly, as he opened his pants, "do you have a condom?"

Wordlessly, a reached in his right front pocket and withdrew a gold foil packet, holding it up for her to see. His pants slid down to his knees as he tore open the package and extracted the lubricated prophylactic. His hard cock stuck out, pointing at her sex. Gaby lifted her head to gaze at it.

"Oh, I think you're going to do very well on the second part of the exam," she said.

"Yeah?" he said more than asked.

"Mmmm, hmmm," she responded.

"Why do you think that?" he pressed.

She smiled.

"It appears the length and breadth of your...knowledge...will be more than sufficient to satisfy the requirement for a passing grade," she said, her eyes locked on his shaft.

He hesitated.

"Are you saying we can skip the second part?" he asked.

"No, no," she insisted. "We have to do it to be sure. I'm just saying you seem to be exceptionally well prepared for this subject."

"OK," he said, sounding unsure.

"You don't have to be nervous," she assured him.

"I'll do my best," he said, as he rolled the latex down the length of his shaft.

"I know you will," she said.

He grabbed Gaby's ankles. Roughly, he pulled her legs upward, then spread them wide. He yanked her panties to the side, exposing her wetness to him. Her head fell back to the desktop as he moved close, letting the tip of his cock push against her. It brushed over her clit and she shivered.

"Put it in me," she ordered, trying to grasp his hardness in her fingers.

He released her left ankle and grabbed his cock. He teased her with it, moving it back and forth over her, then sliding the length over her clit until his balls rested against her wet lips.

"Pleeeeease," she begged.

He stroked himself as he guided his cock to her hole. He pressed the head against her lips. She held her breath as he steadily pushed himself into her. He went just an inch before he stopped. She looked down her body at him.

"More," she demanded.

He pulled back a fraction, then nudged himself forward, going another inch. She gasped. Gaby again put her hand over her mouth as he repeated his action, gently working his entire length into her. Once slick with her juices, he began moving faster. He slid in and out, increasing the speed and force of his thrusts.

Dragging her ankles to his shoulders, he leaned over, folding her body slightly. He placed his hands flat on the desktop as he stabbed into her. She clawed at his biceps, her nails digging into his skin.

"Fuuuck," she hissed, looking into his eyes.

He rammed himself into her, watching her breasts bounce when his hips made contact with her. He pulled back quickly and did it again, and then again, his balls slapping against her asshole. Gaby's breath came in great gasps. She fought the urge to cry out as her cunt tightened around his cock, and an orgasm exploded through every nerve in her body.

Her ankles slipped from his shoulders, sliding down his arms. He again increased the ferocity of his thrusts, even as her cunt squeezed his cock. His body smacked into hers. He fucked her hard, grunting quietly, each time he plunged into her. She moaned, finding herself on the losing side of the battle between pleasure and silence.

"Is this what you want, Professor?" he asked. "You want to be fucked hard?"

At first, Gaby didn't respond with words, but he felt her body convey its satisfaction. Though she was awash in ecstasy, he did not relent in his assault, continuing to plunge himself into her. Her juices coated his balls, and he could feel it beginning to run down his inner thighs. He sensed she was about to lose control. Her eyes were screwed shut, her head lolled from side to side, and each time he thrust deep inside her - completely filling her with his cock - a soft, almost whispered, "Sí" escaped her lips. She wasn't alone. He knew he couldn't last much longer.

"You feel so good wrapped around my cock," he whispered.

Pushing her legs apart, he bent over her, his chest resting against hers. Her arms and legs wrapped around him as he tried to slip his arms under her shoulders, resting his elbows on the desktop. His mouth found her neck - one of her most sensitive spots - and she moaned in his ear. He could feel the cum boiling in his balls.

"I'm gonna cum," he grunted.

"Yessss, give it to me," she ordered, her nails scratching the skin on his back.

Only a few more moments passed before he went over the edge. She felt his cock swell inside her. His body convulsed and collapsed atop hers as he fired his cum into her. His orgasm pushed her over the edge one more time.

"Sí, hacer que me corra," Gaby cried.

They came hard, their bodies shaking in each others' arms, moaning, gasping for air while tumbling through a hurricane of pleasure. It took several minutes for the storm to pass completely. He lay on top of her, pinning her between his bulk and the metal desk. Gaby let her fingers trace over his back. He lifted himself slightly, again resting his weight on his elbows.

"Are you OK?" he asked, turning his head to look into her eyes.

She nodded.

"You?" she returned.

"I'm very OK," he said. "I don't think I can stand up yet, though."

"Well, just so you know," she whispered, "my fiancé will be here any minute."

"Will he be mad?" he asked, needlessly.

"Not at first," she said, soberly. "After he tears off your limbs and throws you through that window; then he'll get mad."

"Ah," he allowed. "I think it's time for me to exit stage right."

He slipped his right hand downward between their bodies. He circled his fingers around the base of the condom, holding it securely as he withdrew his shrinking penis from her. She let out a small moan as he left her. He stood up, his back creaking like that of a 90-year-old man. He reached out to help her sit up.

While he carefully removed the condom, Gaby looked down at her clothes. They were a mess - her skirt bunched around her waist, her panties pulled to the side, her shirt wide open, and bra twisted out of place.

Taking small, deliberate steps, he moved around Gaby's desk to her office chair, and lowered himself onto the faux leather. His damp skin immediately clung to the material. She slipped off the desk carefully. After making sure her legs would support her, she followed his course. Without taking the time to straighten her clothes, she climbed into his lap. He put his arms around her as she curled up and lowered her head to his left shoulder.

"Well," he said, hoarsely, "how's my grade now?"

"A+," she whispered. "Definitely an A+."

"Your fiancé is a lucky man," he said.

"Certainly is," Gaby agreed, nodding her head.

"He must be very good in bed in order to keep you satisfied," he said.

"Eh, he's OK," she giggled.

"OK?!" he objected, and began to tickle her.

She wiggled on his lap, trying not to howl loudly.

"OK, OK! I'm sorry," she laughed. "He's very good!"

"He's terrific, isn't he," he prodded, still running his fingers over her sensitive spots.

"Yes," she conceded, nearly falling off his lap.

"He's the greatest lover you've had in your entire life, isn't he?" he prompted.

"He is," she hissed, squirming helplessly in his arms. "I swear."

He stopped tickling her. It took a moment for her body to stop moving. She looked up at him.

"And, you're completely, head-over-heels, in love with him, aren't you?" he continued.

"I am," she allowed. "I'm never letting him get away from me."

She stretched up to kiss his lips. Their mouths opened and their tongues met. Again, his arms embraced her, squeezing her tightly.

"I love you, Ben," she said, breaking their kiss.

"I know," Ben whispered.

Her bottom lips stuck out in a mock pout. She moved her face to his again, her nose an inch from his.

"Tell me," she said.

"What?" he asked, teasing her.

"Tell me you love me," she growled, making him laugh.

"Didn't I just say it?" he asked.

"No, you didn't say it," she countered.

"Oh," he said, but did not continue.

"Say it," she demanded.

"I love you, Gabrielle," he whispered.

They kissed deeply, their tongues pushing against each other.

"You ass," she said, suddenly, breaking the kiss. "You were trying to make me scream."

"Well, duh," he laughed.

"I told you the walls here are thin," she said.

He smiled at her, then kissed her forehead.

"You're going to get me in trouble," she groused.
