 We pass in the hall. Our eyes meet and I feel my nipples harden. I give a half smile and continue on. As I sit back down at my desk I can feel the juices build between my legs. 

My mind starts to wonder and I imagine you laying me down on my desk. You run your hands over my body and I moan in anticipation. Your hands stop at my knees and as you start to slide your hands up my thighs to push up my skirt and reveal my barely covered pussy- "Ring!"

The sound of my phone brings me out of my fantasy. I sigh as I reach to answer it because I know my fantasy will never come true. 

I focus on work the rest of the day and soon I realize I seem to be the only one left. I gather my purse and start to leave. As I walk past your office I hear you call my name. My breath catches in my throat as I take a step back into your doorway.

"Yes?"

"I'd like you to take a look at something, if you don't mind."

"No, I don't mind at all." I walk into your office and you motion for me to sit as you hand me a file. As I start to read, you stand behind me and I can feel the heat if your body. My body responds. Goosebumps. Hardened nipples. My pussy starts to get wet. 

"Looks good." I can hardly get the words out. You reach around me and grab the file and toss it on your desk. Your hand grabs mine and you pull me out of the chair. As I turn to face you, you step closer and look me in the eyes. As your gaze drops to my lips I take a small step closer and put my hands on your chest. The feeling of your body under my fingers results in a breathy sigh.

The next thing I know, your lips are on mine. Gently at first and as you feel me respond, the kiss becomes deeper. I part my lips and you take over. Our tongues dance and I press my body against yours.

Your hands slide down my back, pressing my hips into yours as I move my hands up into your hair. I can feel your hardness straining against the clothing between us. I pull away and look into your eyes as my hands slowly undo the knot in your tie. I let the fabric slide through my fingers and fall to the floor. As I start to undo the buttons on your shirt, you pull my shirt loose from my skirt. My hands slide up your exposed chest to your shoulders and I slide your shirt off and it lands in the chair. 

Your arms wrap around me as your mouth takes over mine again, our tongues tangle and you gently bite my lower lip. I feel you lift me off the floor and as you set me down on the desk I feel my skirt rise up to my hips. The grip you have on my hips loosens and you slide up my sides, lifting my shirt as you go. As it comes off, your mouth falls to the top of my breasts, licking, sucking. I reach around to unclasp my bra and it falls, exposing my hard nipples to you. With a moan you lean down and take one of my nipples between your teeth, sucking it in and I gasp as your tongue flicks it. 

You lay me back on the desk and your mouth explores my body, licking, sucking, biting, kissing while my hands are wrapped in your hair and my hips rise up to find hardness I am craving.

"Mmm" I groan as your hands work up my thighs to the heat between my legs. You pause and our eyes lock. Your thumb catches the small strip of fabric, exposing to you how turned on I really am. I gasp and then hold my breath, waiting. Slowly I feel your fingers slide along my slit and then inside me. You circle my clit slowly with your thumb as your fingers slide in deeper and find that perfect spot. I press my hips forward, wanting you deeper, harder.

"Girl, you have no idea how long I have waited to do this," you growl in my ear. Suddenly you're on your knees, flicking your tongue over my clit and my hips buck.and I bite my lip, trying not scream. Your tongue moves faster and I groan. While your fingers continue to work my dripping pussy, I feel your lips around my clit. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" Your mouth sucks my clit and that sends me over the edge. Gasping. Moaning. My hands in your hair, pressing you into me while you keep working my pussy until I slow to a pant, trying to catch my breath, legs quivering. You stand up and lean over to kiss me. I taste myself on your lips and I feel my pussy starting to throb again. "I need you inside me." I whisper as I wrap my legs around your waist and pull you in. I feel your erection right at my entrance. You slowly start to slide into me and I can't take anymore so my legs tighten around your waist and you fill me to the hilt. 

I loosen my hold and you pull all the way out, running the head your cock down my slit and back up over my clit. I squirm with impatience while you tease me a little longer then you slide your way back in until every inch is inside me. My hands are gripping the edge of your desk. "Is this what you wanted?" you ask. "Yes," I groan as I push back against your hips, wanting you deeper still. You start to work your way out and in, again and again. Slow. Hard. Deep. Every time you fill me, my hips move to meet you. Your hands are exploring my stomach, my breasts, pinching my nipples. I feel myself teetering on the edge. "Come inside me," I say. You thrust slow and deep one more time and I am sent over the edge. I hear your growl as you come with me. Minutes later, you're leaning over me kissing and nipping at my neck and shoulder and I still feel you inside me. 

After we both catch our breath, you slowly start to pull out of me and gently kiss my lips. "Come home with me" you say with a sly smile.

I just grin and bite the corner of my lower lip as I start getting dressed. After we both have gathered our things, you take my hand and lead me out to your car in the parking garage. 

As you lean past me to open the passenger door, our eyes lock and I feel the heat start to pool between my legs. The way you look at me...mmm. I wrap my arms around you, kiss your neck and press my hips against you. Your hands slide up my back and into my hair as you press me against the car. Already I can feel your arousal and I groan against your neck, giving a little nip. 

"Your place may be too far," I mumble before I move to kiss you. Taking your lower lip gently between my teeth, I give a little suck before my mouth is over yours, my tongue running across your lip, so hungry to taste you. Your response is just as urgent, and your hands are sliding down my sides to find the bottom of my skirt and then back up to grab a handful of my ass, pressing me into you harder.

We are so caught up in the moment, we don't even realize we're still in the garage. 

Suddenly, I pull away. I turn us around so that you are up against the car and I slowly work my way down your body. Sucking, kissing and giving little nips here and there as I unbutton your shirt. When I get to the waist of your pants, I pause, look up at you and grin. Looking into your eyes, I lick my lips as I undo your pants, sliding them down slowly, freeing your hard cock. I see some pre-cum on the tip, reach out to wipe it with my finger and suck it off. 

You groan with pleasure and thrust your hips forward, urging me to take you into my mouth. I wrap my hand around the top of your shaft, and slowly slide my way down its length. I look up at you, watching your eyes and the reaction to my touch. I slide my hand up and down a few times, enjoy the hardness of you between my fingers and I can tell you enjoy it too from the little sounds you're making. I look up at you again as a lean forward and take my time licking you from tip to the base, down over your balls and I feel your hands in my hair pressing my mouth against you. Finally, I take the tip of your length into my mouth and swirl my tongue around while I gently suck. Slowly I suck you in, inch my inch, my tongue exploring you till I get you all the way in, down my throat. Your hips buck gently as I start working my way back up. 

I work my mouth up and down your hard cock slowly at first and picking up the pace. Soon your hips are moving in time with my mouth. Your moans let me know you're close and my hand finds your balls and I start to gently roll them through my hand, continuing to work your cock with my mouth.

"Oh fuck," you growl. "I'm gonna cum!"

You tense and I feel your cum shoot down my throat but I keep sucking and sliding my tongue up and down you until I get every last drop. 

You grab my hands and pull me up, kissing me again and our tongues meet. 

As you pull away, I give you a seductive smile, get in the car and wiggle my finger for you to join. You pull your pants back up, get behind the wheel with a chuckle and we're off.

Driving through the city, we keep glancing at each other. Our arms brush up against one another and I feel the sparks of heat between us. 

At the next light, your hand is on my thigh, slowly working its way up under my skirt. My breath catches in anticipation. A moment later your hand is pushing aside my thong, my legs are spreading a little farther and you have slipped a finger inside, feeling how hot and wet I am for you. 

You gently tease me with that one finger for a couple blocks till you have me squirming in my seat. I grab your arm and pull it closer, my hips pressing against your hand. 

Just when I think I can't take it anymore, you slip in another finger and press them both against the perfect spot. I let out a little yelp and you smile at me. 

We stop at another light, next to a truck and I realize the driver is looking down at me. I pull your hand out from under my skirt and suck both your fingers into my mouth, tasting my juices on you. The driver of the truck drops his jaw and is left sitting at the light as we take off. You just shake your head and speed off. 

After I've had my fill of my cum on your fingers, your hand again finds its way back up under my skirt and you again work one finger inside me and your thumb finds my clit. You're swirling your thumb in circles around my clit, working your finger in and out of my wet pussy. I throw my head back and moan as I feel the heat building. I know I'm close and I can't wait to cum again. Just as I am teetering on the edge and about to fall, you stop the car in your parking space and your hand stops with it.

I take a moment to catch my breath and give you the evil eye.

"I promise once I get you in my bed, it will have been worth the wait." And with that you get out of the car and come around to open my door. 

To Be Continued...