 She loved to play nude in the warm, ocean surf.

She had to be careful where she did it though. Most people here in Bermuda were prudish and didn't look on the human body, even one as nice as hers, as a work of art. 

Tomorrow would be her 21st birthday, so today she got up early, even before the warm summer sun was up. A short drive to a secluded beach at daylight where she removed her clothes and went for a quick swim, then a frolic in the breaking surf. She was so intent on her pleasure she didn't notice the handsome young man walking down the beach towards her with a fishing rod in hand. When she finally saw him he was almost between her and her car. She had no option but to dash into the deeper water and squat down with only her head showing.

He was smiling when he said, "I hope I didn't startle you, I didn't expect to see anyone here this early in the morning, especially someone as beautiful as you."

"I didn't think anyone would be here this early either. Would you please turn your back so I can get to my car?"

"If I don't, how long will you stay in the water?"

"Come on now, I'm getting cold." 

"If I turn my back for you, will you come back and talk to me when you are dressed?"

"Yes, if you promise not to peek."

"I'll try, but I am not sure I can resist the temptation to see such a beautiful sight."

He turned his back, she ran for the car and he peeked. He was taken by her gracefulness. She was tall and slender. Although her hips and breasts were small, everything was really in perfect proportion and only went to accentuate her overall beauty. He quickly looked away when she turned around and he wasn't sure if she knew that he had been peeking.

She came walking back down to the beach wearing very short shorts, a T-shirt with obviously no bra and carrying her shoes in her hand.

"Did you peek?"

"Of course not!"

"Too bad, somehow it sort of excited me."

"Do you like for people to see you nude?"

"I never thought much about it one way or the other before, but somehow today, it gave me a thrill to think that you were watching me as I ran back to my car."

"Well, it excites me to think about you running around on the beach nude. Would you like to pose nude for me?"

"Are you a photographer?"

"Just an amateur. Would you pose for me?"

"I wouldn't mind but not here, the beach will be alive with people in just a little while. Would you like for me to come to your house with you?"

"No, I live with my mother and I don't think she would understand. How about if we go out on my boat?"

"Sure, let's go."

She followed him to the Marina in her car where he stopped in front of a very nice sail boat, about 36 feet long.

"I thought I knew everybody in your age bracket here in Bermuda. My name is Melanie. My dad manages the Bermuda Hilton hotel."

"My name is Philip McGruder. I've just come out from England to work at Price Waterhouse. I have only been here three months so I haven't had much of an opportunity to visit the social scene, between getting settled and buying this boat. Do you sail?"

"A little."

"That's okay, we will just motor out and see how it goes from there."

In 15 minutes they had cleared the harbor and were motoring slowly west. She was standing on top of the cabin holding onto the mast, with her head back and eyes closed, letting the gentle breeze blow through her hair, when he said, "Feel free to take off your clothes if you want to."

"Okay, I will if you are sure that you don't mind, how about you?"

"If I do, it may be a little embarrassing."

"Not to worry, I've seen at all before." With that, she began to strip. "Besides, I think it is sexy for a man to be excited"

As he began to remove his clothes he said, "Well then, you will think I am the sexiest man alive."

She resumed her stand on top of the cabin adjacent to the mast with her back to him. He thought he was excited before, now it was almost unbearable. She was a vision of beauty, tall, slim, completely uninhibited and comfortable with her body. She knew she was beautiful, and she probably knew what she was doing to him. Her feet were about shoulder level to him and about five feet forward so that he was looking up at her gorgeous ass.

He couldn't stand it anymore. He set a generally westerly course and clicked the auto pilot on, scrambled out of the cockpit and up behind her on the cabin roof. He restrained the impulse to prod her with his erect cock and instead the only thing that he allowed to touch her was his lips on her neck.

She melted backwards into his arms but now there was no preventing his hard member from coming into contract with her rump.

"Oh, how sexy!" She laughed as she turned around, and put her arms around his neck.

Their lips met, and her breasts boring into his chest added more fuel to the fire that was no longer just smoldering within him. She was grinding her hips against his rock hard penis and probing his mouth with her tongue. He was not the only one that was beginning to feel the heat of the situation. When they finally broke, her breath was coming in little gasps. Without another word she took him by the hand and led him down into the cockpit, into the cabin, and forward into the main stateroom. On the way by the helm station he turned off the ignition switch and just let the boat drift.

In the main stateroom he again put his arms around her from behind and kissed her on the neck, only this time his hands were feeling and caressing her breasts with the hard little nipples. He turned her around and sat her down on the bed. Kneeling in front of her, she let out and audible gasp when he took her breast in his mouth. She clutched his head to her, enjoying the feeling of his tongue swirling and his lips sucking on the tender nipples. His right hand strayed down between her legs and he was delighted to find that she was every bit as aroused as he was.

He gently pushed her backwards onto the bed and lowered his head to partake of the nectar he had discovered. A shiver went through her entire body when his tongue came in contact with her clitoris. A couple of thrusts in and out and she captured his head with her legs, pulling him as hard as she could into her. It began as a low animal like moan deep within her and slowly build until it was a shriek of ecstasy. She was quivering when she released the death grip on his head and each time he touched her with his tongue she jerked, shivered, and gave a sharp little intake of breath.

"Oh my God, I didn't know it could be that good. I think I should do that to you now. Come up here and lie down next to me."

He had always been obedient and minded well, so the did what he was told. She used all of her finesse as she carefully positioned herself to reciprocate and give him the same pleasure that he had given her. His cock was long, straight and very hard. It had more than a few drops of pre-cum on the end. Tentatively, she touched it with her finger and brought it to her mouth to taste it's salty sweetness. Finding that she liked it, she greedily began to lick this wondrous liquid from the end of his dick.

When it was gone, she engulfed his manhood and commenced to try to extract more of this sweet honey from him. It only took a few minutes for her to get far more than she had bargained for. She had never tasted male cum before but she didn't let that stop her. When he spewed himself into her she greedily savored each drop, using her finger to capture the little bit that escaped her mouth.

With him still flat on his back on the bunk, she quickly switched positions, poised herself directly above his still erect cock and slowly lowered herself onto him. Although she had only done it a few times this seemed like the most natural thing she had ever done. Each thrust of his cock into her wet pussy brought renewed pleasures. She began to increase the tempo until he was afraid that she would fall completely off. Harder and harder she rode, up and down, back and forth, completely oblivious to everything except the carnal pleasures that she was experiencing. She didn't notice when his entire body stiffened but she did feel the jet of his hot cum shooting inside of her. It was the trigger she needed. She had the most intense orgasm of her life. Her climax was so complete she didn't even have the strength to dismount and just wilted on top of him.

They lay like that in the gently rocking boat for quite some time. She finally roused him and said "I would like to do that again."

So they did it again, and again, and again.

Authors note; This story is based on the Limerick;

There was a young lady from Bermuda
Who met a young man named McGruder
She thought it was shrewd
To be wooed in the nude
But McGruder was shrewder and screwed her!