 When you read this, please be aware of one thing. This story is based on an incident that did happen in 1983. In 1983, comedians still told jokes on national TV about AIDS, and Herpes was barely on the radar as an issue. The whole safe sex thing was a few years in the future, but in 1983, most people would not have worried at all about unprotected sex under these circumstances. Goodness, time does change things.

She Guaranteed me the Best Blow Job I had Ever Had

It was a blustery, cold morning in early spring, and I was on the north side of town headed back to the SeaTac area to drop a signed advertising contract back to the radio station office. I was in a really good mood, since the contract was for about twice as much advertising as I had expected to get from that account. As I was driving, I saw a woman walking down the sidewalk with her thumb out. I recognized the coat and hair style as Marcie, a new salesperson at the station who had been having weekly problems with her car breaking down. I braked and pulled to the curb, leaned over and opened the passenger door. As she slid down into the seat, I said, "Well, Marcie, what is the problem with your car this time, and where is it now?"

Only when the young lady who had just slid into my car turned to face me did I realize that it was not Marcie. I think I was actually embarrassed a bit, so I continued, "I'm sorry, but a girl I work with is about your height, fixes her hair a lot like you do, has a coat that looks like yours, and is always having car trouble. So I thought you were her and stopped to see if I could help her. So I'm sorry."

"What are your sorry for, being a nice guy?" she replied. "Even a total stranger like me can appreciate a nice guy when she meets one." Then she reached out her right hand and said "Hi, I'm Lisa and I'm glad to meet you. Mind telling me your name?"

"I'm Ray," I said, reaching out my right hand and shaking hers, "and I'm glad to meet you too, Lisa."

"How far are you headed down this street, Ray?" she asked. "I'm supposed to have a job interview for the catering crew at the Red Lion SeaTac at 11:00, and if you are going that far, it would get me there just on time. It's fifteen minutes before a bus comes by, and a twenty-minute trip, and since it is now 10:30, that won't get me there on time. So is Ray the nice guy able to help me out?"

"Hey, I'm headed up to a dress shop further down the Boulevard to present a proposal for some advertising to run just before prom season, so I'm in fact going right by The Red Lion, and I'll be glad to drop you off. Shouldn't take but about fifteen minutes, so you'll actually be there just a little early."

She thanked me and we engaged in some small talk and chit chat as we drove. Lisa was a petite girl, probably early or mid-twenties, had a disarming smile, and talking to her was quite pleasant. Then out of the blue, she asked me a question that caught me totally off guard. "Would you like to loan me $20.00?"

"So how would I ever find you to get paid back? I know your first name and that's all. So what would make me want to loan you $20.00?

"Well, one thing is that I pay some of the interest in advance. Loan me twenty dollars and I'll give you the best blow job you ever had."

I was shocked, but I was intrigued. My first wife and I had tried oral sex one time, and while I did come in her mouth, it was nothing special. My second wife, on the other hand, was very skilled at oral sex. She sometimes used her mouth to help me get a new erection after we made love, and sometimes she would keep it up until I came. And I loved that. She did not do the deep throat stuff, but she was skilled at using her lips and tongue on the head of my dick. She seemed to enjoy getting me right at the point of having a climax, then backing off a bit, then bringing me back to the brink again, and she could do that for fifteen or twenty minutes. And when I did cum, she would suck every drop of it out of me. And she swallowed it all without any sign of a gag reflex. It had been about nine months since we split up, and I had a couple of lovers after that, but neither of them was open to putting their mouth anywhere near my dick. So even thought I always had felt that I would never have sex with any sort of prostitute, I was really intrigued by this young lady.

"Your offer intrigues me," I told her, "but I promise you that if you suck me off here in the parking lot in the seven or eight minutes we have before your interview, I promise you it won't be the best blow job I have ever had."

"It's a group interview," she said. "They are going to treat us to a buffet off their catering menu, and then they will do individual interviews. I'll come up with something to make sure I get interviewed early in the process." She opened her door and unbuckled her seat belt. As she slid out of the car, she said "You see that little shed right over there on the edge of the parking lot? That's a bus stop, and I'll be in it by 1:45. There will be a bus headed north at 2:25, and if I don't see you before then, I'll get on it. So if you are intrigued enough to find out, I'll see you then. That sound reasonable?"

I nodded yes as she got out and headed for the front door of the restaurant.

At 1:55, I pulled my car in to the parking lot and drove toward the bus stop. She saw me, came out and slid into the front seat. I spoke first. "So, tell me what I'm getting myself into." I asked, "and where do you suggest we do this?"

"We can go to my house if you don't mind driving up past Northglenn center a couple of blocks. My mother is a nurse, and she will not get off shift until eleven tonight. So we'll have plenty of time and privacy."

I couldn't believe the next words to come out of my mouth. Me, the guy who would never ever have any contact with a prostitute, said "Remember, you'll have to tell me where to turn when we get there."

She nodded, and I pulled out of the parking lot headed north. Then she said, "You obviously have an idea of what you like in a blow job. If you told me about it, I could probably do a better job of making sure that the one you get today is the best one you have ever had. You do remember that I made that promise, don't you?"

When she said that, I almost creamed in my underwear. I knew that when we got to her house, I had to figure out how to jack off or I would be coming within two or three minutes of her starting in on me. "Don't be shy," she said, taking my silence for shyness or embarrassment. "If you can describe what you like, I can work on giving you what you like. I promise you, I am VERY good at sucking dick. So tell me."

"I don't have a lot of experience. I've only had sex with five women. Three of them wouldn't even consider putting my dick in their mouth. My first wife and I tried doing oral on each other one night, and after a few minutes, I did cum in her mouth. But it was not as good as cuming in her pussy, so that is what we did from them on. And I certainly didn't do anything for her in that department. I simply stuck my tongue down into her pussy over and over and over and over again. When I ejaculated in her mouth, we both took that as a sign our experiment was over, and in about ten minutes I was back in action, fucking her the old fashioned way.

My second wife was a different story. I told Lisa about how she could use her lips and tongue to bring me right to the brink of cuming, hold me there until I knew I was fixing to blow my load, and then back off, and slowly bring me back to the brink, hold it just as long as possible, and then repeat this for fifteen or twenty minutes. Then I told her "So that is what my ideal blow job is."

"Good," she said. "Now turn right on the next street, and turn into the driveway of the third house on the left, the one with the pink siding." I followed her instructions, and once I was in the driveway, she told me "Pull up to where the chain link fence starts."

She removed a set of keys from her purse and got out of the car. Motioning for me to follow, she went to the back porch and opened the door. We entered a nice little suburban house, clean and well kept. I asked her "Lisa, I've been in and out of my car and in and out of hot offices and cold offices all day. Would you mind if I took a shower so that I would feel like I was not too gross for you to put your mouth on?"

"You know, you really are a nice guy," she said. She took my hand and led down a hall, pointing to a bathroom on the right. "I'll get you a towel and you can have at it. We are in total privacy here, so come back out to the living room naked. I'll have your clothes there."

For a minute, I hesitated. Tales of hookers stealing wallets were legion. Then I realized that I had no credit cards and only $35.00 in cash in my wallet. $20.00 of that was intended for her anyway, so I simply said. "Okay, I'll see you in a few minutes."

I turned on the shower, got the temperature to a comfortable range, and got in. I grabbed the bar of soap and went to work on my dick. Soon it was clean as a whistle and spewing white stuff out the end. Then I showered my whole body and turned off the water. I dried off with the towel she had provided and walked naked to the living room.

She was sitting on a sofa, which now had a blanket on it that had not been there before. I looked at her and said "Is this the point where I am supposed to loan you twenty dollars?" She nodded yes, and I added "Then I will need to find my pants."

She pointed to my clothes in a chair by the dining room table. I removed my wallet from my slacks and took out the twenty dollar bill. There was still a five and a ten, so nothing had been taken. I handed her the twenty and said "What do we do next?"

"You lay down on the couch, I kneel on this cushion on the floor beside you, and I give you the best blow job you have ever had."

"Well, sometime seems unfair here. You get to see me totally naked, but you are fully clothed. And judging from what it looks like with your clothes on, your little body might be the best body I have ever seen up close. So any change of you getting naked too?"

She nodded her head and patted the sofa "Sit down here and watch," she said. And after I was seated, she stood up. She walked over right in front of me, and said "Why don't you unbutton my blouse?" I unbuttoned it, and then slipped it off her shoulders. Then I reached for the waist band of her skirt. There was a button and a zipper in the back, and when I had those taken care of, her skirt just dropped to the floor, where she stepped out of it. So now she was standing there in her panties and bra. I put one hand on each of her hips, grabbed the elastic at the top of her panties and slowly pulled down. Turns out she really was a natural blonde. Then I reached up to her bra. It hooked in the back, so I turned her around and started unhooking it. Then I slowed down a little bit, as I realized that the most perfect ass I had ever seen was standing at eye level right in front of me. Torn for a moment, I stared at her ass, and reached out and massaged it for a moment. Then I finished unhooking her bra, and turned her around as I guided the bra off her shoulders. So there she stood, the best ass and the best breasts I had ever seen.

"Okay," she said. "Now that we are both naked, lie on your back and get ready for a little bit of heaven on earth." As I reclined, I realized that I had a rock-hard erection just from looking at her body. She took one hand and pulled my dick toward her, then repositioned me by rolling me over on my side and pulling me to the edge of the sofa. She wasted no time in surrounding my dick with her mouth. Now, I'm not any sort of champion in the endowment category. My most recent lover had pulled out a ruler and announced that I had an eight inch dick, but I know she was fudging by half or even three quarters of an inch. A couple of times Lisa took my entire dick into her mouth, with her lips smashing my pubic hairs into my groin. But then she showed she was paying attention to what I had told her, and she started licking and sucking on the ring of flesh at the base of the head of my dick. It was like she had ignited a fire inside my body.

She had positioned me where my right hand was totally free, and my left hand had some movement. So I slid my right hand down to her pussy, and started massaging the entire area. With my left hand, I reached one of her breasts, and started gently squeezing he nipple between my thumb and forefinger. Suddenly, she took her mouth off my dick, stood up and said, "this might just be your lucky day. Truth is, I really like sex. I prefer to give it away, but because of an unexpected car repair bill that ran almost a hundred dollars, I am selling blow jobs. Now you come along, and under different circumstances, you might even be fucking me for free. And understand, I never fuck for money. Blow jobs only."

Then she continued "I know you are not super experienced with women, so I'm going to give you a bit of a lesson. When you slid your hand on my crotch and started that circular surface massaging you were doing, I realized that this could be the first time in my life that while I was selling a blow job I also had an orgasm. So let's take a break for a moment."

She then guided me toward how to do just what I had started doing to her pussy, and then to start massaging the opening in her pussy, and work my way up to massaging her clitoris, and how to be gentle with it, and just how firm I could get as she got wetter and wetter, and how that two fingers probing down to the opening in her vagina, and if they reached, penetrating it, and alternating with gently using my thumb to massage her clit, and then my two finger probe to add to the excitement. So I did just what she suggested, and after about two minutes, she dropped back to her knees on the pillow beside the sofa, and just before she put my dick back in her mouth, say added, "I also get off on getting massive loads of cum shooting out of a dick inside my mouth. And when you start cuming, I will probably continue to lick and suck on it until you either pull it out of my mouth or beg me to stop."

Then she started in earnest. I could see a digital clock on the kitchen counter, so I had some idea of how long we were at it. She brought me to point where I was sure I was going to explode in her mouth, then she moved her lips down the shaft of my dick, and then took her mouth off my dick and sucked both of my balls into her mouth. Gently she rubbed them with her tongue, and then she was back licking and sucking on the head of my dick. Again she brought me right to that point where I felt that an explosion was only a matter of another minute or two. So she kept the intensity up for just a while longer, then we repeated. A glance at the clock told me that fifteen minutes had passed. This was indeed clearly the best blow job I had ever experienced in my life.

All the while, I was using my hand and fingers on her pussy just the way she had showed me to do, and she started breathing heavier and heavier. Funny thing is, her heavy breathing was having a really exciting effect on the blow job I was getting. Then her pubic area seemed to contract, and the muscles seemed to be getting rock hard. I could feel her body begin to quiver, and I kept doing just what I had been doing for the past fifteen minutes. Suddenly her entire body went from quivering to an uncontrollable shaking. She quivered and shook, and I could feel the quivering and shaking of her lips and tongue as she was working on my dick. Then she moved my hand away from her pussy, took her mouth away from my dick long enough to say, "Stop for now."

At this point, I simply surrendered my dick to her mouth. Up until now, I had been conscious about fighting an ejaculation so I could make the blow job last as long as possible. I was now at the point where if I climaxed, I climaxed. But Lisa continued to get to the edge then back off, the back to the edge. About five minutes after she had moved my hand away, she reached down and put it back on her crotch. So I started the entire process over. It took about ten minutes this time for the convulsions and spasms to start. A glance at the clock told me we had been at it for fifty minuets, and as she reached her second orgasm, my dick started erupting.

Good for her word, she continued to suck and lick, and I think I must have spurted and sputtered cum into her mouth for a good three or four minutes. I didn't take it out, I didn't ask her to stop, and she just kept at working at it. I could feel my erection subsiding. She removed my hand from her crotch, and she slowed down the intensity of her manipulation of my dick with her lips and tongue, but did not stop them. I just laid there, completely spent, with no erection for about ten minutes. All that time, I was in the most sexually blissful state I had ever encountered in my life up until that time. Then a great shock. My dick began to swell, and Lisa began to intensify her efforts. Soon it was hard as a rock, and at that point, she stopped and said, "are you game to continue this? I have heard about this, but I have never experienced it. So if you are game I would like to see just how intense this can get. So what do you think?"

"Bring it on."

"Okay," she replied, "we are going to make a couple of adjustments here. Please stand up."

When I did, she took the cushions off the sofa, and then pulled a queen size hid-a-bed out of it. There were sheets and a blanket on the bed. Once it was out, she told me "Lie back down." When I had done so, she told me to scoot up higher on the bed. Then she climbed on, so that her body was positioned between my knees, with her mouth at my dick. She proceeded to start again, and we had a repeat of the last session. Just to the brink, pull back, just to the brink, almost over the edge, then pull back.

I was completely relaxed on the bed. Whatever happened would still be the most intense sexual experience I had ever encountered. If I reached a climax in the next minute, it would be fantastic. If I had a heart attack and died, well, what a way to go. She kept doing the same things she had been doing from the start, and I kept thinking that at any time I was going to explode. In this position, my hand could not reach her pussy, so I was getting all the pleasure.

The physical feelings were extremely intense, and the physical sort of flowed over toward an intense emotional feeling of wellbeing. So I lay there totally relaxed, and after a little while I felt my dick getting ready to spew a mouthful of cum. It took another four or five minutes, but the juices started flowing. As before, she milked it for all it had. Unlike the first time, I had to say stop. I was simply spent, and I had nothing sexual left to give. When I glanced at the clock, I discovered that the second session, after we let the bed out, lasted an hour and ten minutes.

When I realized that it was almost six o'clock, I said, "I'm in a league that bowls tonight, and we start at seven thirty. So if I am going to go by my place to get my ball and shoes, I had better get going. Do you want to stay here, or do you need me to drop you somewhere?"

"No, this is where I need to be. But thanks for the offer."

As I drove away from her house, I realized that I would have one of those shit-eating grins on my face for at least a couple of weeks. I never saw Lisa again, but to this day, I measure all oral sex against the standard of the guaranteed best blow job you have ever had.