 Bank of America manager Laura Davidson was in her office, going over paperwork about a customers mortgage finance, when she got a call from one of her tellers at the window. 

"Hello Mrs. Davidson, I have a Mr. James here, he would like to talk to you about some fees and charges he's disputing", it was Breanne, a newer teller on the other end. 

It had already been a long day for Laura, and without thinking, and trying to have fun with her new teller, she answered with "Yes, I see him on the monitor, tell him he's not good looking enough to come in and talk to me."

Before she could say she was kidding, she heard the customer interrupting her "Ummm...excuse me?" It was then Laura realized the new teller had mistakenly called her on speaker phone. 

Laura put her hand over her face, knowing her day just got much worse, "Send Mr. James into my office Breanne, you and I will talk later." Embarrassed, Breanne led Michael James into Laura's office. 

Laura tried to take the lead in the conversation, standing up at her desk in her red top, covered by a black pin striped jacket, with matching pants, but Michael cut her off, "I just want you to know, that was extremely unnecessary, and very unprofessional, other customers, and your employees heard your assessment of me, thank you for that."

Immediately, Laura went into damage control mode, "Yes, Mr. James, absolutely, it has been a long day, and you're right, that shouldn't have ever happened, I do sincerely apologize, how can I help you, and how can I make this better?"

Michael knew he was already in a position of leverage, "You do realize, I have every right to speak with the district manager about this if I wanted." 

Laura knew he did, and knew the area supervisor did not take kindly to complaints about managers, she did not want this escalating anywhere near that level. 

"Mr. James, please, tell me how we can make this right, and resolve this here in office, we have options, those fees you were mentioning? I'm sure those will be gone by the end of your visit today. Sound good?" 

Michael considered accepting on spot, but decided to push his luck, "Mrs. Davidson, I feel the fees, never should have been assessed, but I come in, and get insulted, I think this requires a bit more." 

Laura looked over her desk, "Mr. James, given some time, I can think of some things for compensation for you, we solve problems here, and this will be solved, I promise you."

As Michael looked down the woman who was barely into her 50's slightly longer than shoulder length blonde hair, and into her green eyes, he smiled, "We can solve this here and now, no doubt, this incident never brought up again, sound good?"

Laura perked up, "Yes, Mr. James, what can we do about this?" 

Michael smiled again, "You may want to pull down the blinds on your window, I'd like for you to strip to your bra and panties for me." 

A look of disbelief came over her face, "Mr. James, please, out of the question, and out of my office." 

Michael looked at her, "I can do that, I'm sure you'll expect a call from your district manager soon." 

The bank manager thought it over, "Mr. James, there has to be something, bank related, we can do to fix this." 

Michael shook his head, "You heard my request." 

Laura thought it over in her head, she was married, she was a successful professional, but she did not want to think about the repercussions of her mistake earlier. She backed her chair away, stood up, and lowered the blinds on the large window behind her. Michael gave her a wicked smile, as she looked at him with a bit of disdain.

"I mean I already apologized, asking me to do this is pretty low Mr. James" She said, as she walked back toward the desk, "I mean, really, what would my husband think?" 

Michael looked her over carefully, "That's an excellent question Mrs. Davidson, what would your husband think of you making comments that you only want attractive men coming into your office to speak to you?" Laura rolled her eyes at his comment, "And that you're now about to undress for a customer in your office, yes, please tell me what he would think."

Laura answered, "He would think I said something stupid, and you're being really rude in holding it over my head, please Mr. James, let me look into another way to fix this."

Michael looked right into her eyes, "Just begin to undress Mrs. Davidson, and your superiors will never know what happened today." Laura tilted her head to one side, and began to slide her jacket off her shoulders. 

As she got it off, Michael instructed her, "Toss it on the desk." Laura did so, and dreaded the next instruction, as she looked at him. "Continue, ways to go yet." She looked back at the blinds, making sure they were securely closed, and pulled her red silky top up, and over her head, tossing it onto the desk also.

Now stripped to her black bra, and pin striped pants, she pleaded again, "Mr. James, this is really quite enough, you've seen much more than you should, you ought be going." 

Michael only made a downward motion with his index finger, "Pants, Mrs. Davidson." Laura did not like being told what to do by this complete stranger, and roughly undid the clasp on her pants, and unzipped them, showing black panties, with thin white stripes, but this only made Michael want more. 

In her haste, and frustration, Laura tugged her pants down to her mid thighs, exposing her underpants fully, she did not realize this was only turning Michael on more. 

"There. Now go, we're closing soon anyway", she told him forcefully. Michael had a thought, and it would not be one, Laura would like at all.

Michael took Laura's jacket and blouse from the desk. "I'll be going soon", he said, "But first, please call your teller Breanne, and ask her to come into the office." 

Laura took a couple long, deep breaths, looking down at her bare minimum clothing before finally getting out, "I will NOT! You have gotten what you wanted, out, now!"

Michael looked more stern, "Mrs. Davidson, you will call Breanne in, or I will drag you out in the middle of your bank room floor in your bra and panties, and not care about what happens after that, your choice."

Laura looked at him, "And just what are you going to do when Breanne gets in here?" 

Michael looked down at the phone, "Just bring her in here, we'll deal with the rest later." 

Once more Laura looked down her barely clothed body, and at her clothes in the customers hands, "Please Mr. James, don't?" The response was not what she wanted, as he only picked up the phone from her desk, and handed it to her. 

Laura pushed a button, and slowly spoke, "Breanne...please come into my office when you're done with that customer?" Out at her window counter, Breanne nodded, and replied, "Yes, Mrs. Davidson", fearing a lecture coming. 

Laura stared at the door waiting for it to open, Michael told her, "Step to the wall, nobody else out there has to see this, you've been listening well so far." Laura stepped over to the wall, out of view from anyone out on the main floor, waiting for the door to open.

Slowly, the door opened, and Breanne Rodriguez came in, wearing a pair of gray slacks, and a gray jacket, over her hot pink blouse. She was in her early 20's, and to say she was shocked by what she saw would be a huge understatement. 

Michael closed the door behind her, and Breanne just stood, staring at Laura. Laura looked to the floor, just mumbling "Now what Mr. James?" 

Michael walked over to Breanne, "Well, Mrs. Davidson here made a pretty big mistake, and she's trying to make it right, you made a mistake also Breanne, though not as big as hers, would you like to help her fix this? We're almost done here." 

Breanne looked over at Michael, asking, "H-How would I do that?"

"Well, she's almost done, but not quite, I'd like for you to step over there, and finish removing her pants for her, and remove her bra. Can you do that?" 

Breanne looked over at Laura, and Laura just whispered, "Just do it, and get it over with Breanne."

Breanne walked over slowly to Laura, unsure of what to do, Laura slipped her shoes off, and stood motionless, just nodding to Breanne.

She pulled Laura's pants down her legs, taking them off of her one foot at a time. Then she moved behind Laura, putting her hands on the back of her bra, softly saying, "I'm so sorry Mrs. Davidson."

Breanne unhooked the clasps, and let the straps come off her shoulders. Michael instructed Breanne, "Hand it to me." Breanne walked over and handed the bra to Michael. 

Laura's breasts were not particularly big, B cups, but they now sat exposed to the other two in the room. 

"So, Mrs. Davidson", Michael began, "Why don't you go ahead, and have that talk now with Breanne, I'm interested to hear what you have to say to her about that."

Laura scowled at Michael, trying to forget she was nearly naked, "We do not discuss employee discipline in front of customers here." 

The chuckle from Michael was silent, "Well, today you do, please proceed." 

As Laura moved in front of Breanne, they tried to focus on each others eyes only, Laura began, "Breanne, I think you realize you made a mistake, but I would say this shows you how important it is to keep internal conversations internal." Breanne nodded, "Yes, Mrs. Davidson."

"I think this talk is over, but please, in the future, be more careful, when using the intercom to other employees."

Breanne nodded again, this time, almost in tears, "I will, Mrs. Davidson."

Michael clapped softly, "Thank you both, now Breanne, I have some questions for you, do you like your boss' panties?" 

The young teller looked at him in shock, "What? I can't..."

But Michael interrupted her, "Oh, but you can, please tell me, and comment to her about them as if it was her shirt."

Breanne looked down at Laura's underwear, "They're very cute Mrs. Davidson, did you...did you just get them?" 

Laura looked to the ceiling, frustrated this situation wasn't over, "Couple months ago, saw them in a catalog."

Michael nodded in approval, "Very good, both of you, Breanne, do you like her body? Please answer in detail."

Breanne looked down at the floor, then up to Laura, "Very nice body, you're very fit, I kind of wish my legs were as toned as yours." 

Laura quietly responded, "Thank you Breanne."

Michael walked over to Breanne, "I'm not saying I'm going to make you, but if you could, would you want to touch her while she's undressed?" 

The tension was so thick, Breanne tried to answer, "I really shouldn't, I mean, no...no offense, but..."

Michael again interrupted her, "Be honest Breanne."

Breanne shyly looked away, "I suppose, she is attractive, maybe."

"Where Breanne?" Michael asked. 

Breanne replied, "Her shoulders, I guess, her arms are nice." 

Michael stepped behind Breanne, and guided her, "Go ahead, would you mind Mrs. Davidson?" 

Laura slowly shook her head, "No, not if it will get us out of here faster."

Michael nudged her, Breanne slowly raised her hand, barely touching her shoulder, then moved her hand down her arm. Michael looked at Laura, asking her, "How does her touch feel?" 

Laura took a long, deep breath, "Good, she has nice hands, are we quite done already?" 

As Michael stood behind Breanne, he slipped her jacket off, Breanne stood frozen, as her jacket came down her arms, showing the entirety of her sleeveless pink blouse underneath. 

He finished taking her jacket off, and asked Laura, "Would you like me to take her blouse off Mrs. Davidson?" 

Laura shook her head, "No, don't do that to her, she didn't make the mistake, I did." 

Michael looked at Laura over Breanne's shoulder, "Mrs. Davidson, it was just a question, would you like to see the bra she's wearing under that top, what her breasts look like in it? Is there a curiosity there? Tell the truth."

Laura looked at a startled Breanne, "She's half my age, and when I was her age, I still didn't look as good as she does, I think I know her body would put mine to shame. There's no need." 

Michael asked Breanne, "Do you want to touch your boss' bare breasts? You could right now if you want." 

Breanne looked at Laura's chest, clearly taking a couple seconds to think about it. "No, she's my boss, I couldn't." 

"Do you want her to see you without your top on? I bet your chest would blow her mind." He asked her. 

The younger teller was thinking more about it, but told Michael, "She has a plenty nice body, she wouldn't be that impressed by mine, I'm not that great." 

Michael asked Laura, "I'm sure you see a good share of male customers hoping to be helped by Breanne, true?"

The branch manager laughed a bit, "I hired her for a reason, she's a great employee, but she's gotten and kept a lot of customers, men, that come in to see her, and flirt with her, she's great for us here for a lot of reasons." 

Michael told Breanne, "See? She knows what you bring, lift your top, and watch her eyes."

An odd dynamic had happened, the two women weren't feeling as trapped as they had before, they were more relaxed, and Breanne began to lift her blouse, taking it off, even to Michael's surprise. Laura's eyes went to her chest with a quickness, and she couldn't help her reaction. "Yeah, I didn't have those at her age." 

Breanne blushed a bit at her boss' compliment. Michael touched Breanne's back, "Touch her breasts Breanne."

She moved closer to Laura, and put her hands over her breasts, Laura looked at her, and as Breanne felt Laura's nipples getting harder under her touch, she knew she was liking it.

Laura's eyes were focused on Breanne's sizeable chest, and didn't even notice Michael was behind her beginning to unhook her red bra. 

Michael slipped Breanne's bra off, and Laura took a deep breath, "So, those are what's been getting all those customers attention, God they're big."

Breanne blushed again at the comment from her boss. She shyly asked, "You really like them?" 

Laura nodded and caressed the side of one of Breanne's breasts. Laura told her employee, "I'm not bi or anything, but I would love to kiss one of them." Breanne smiled, and put her hand under her left breast, holding it. Laura took the cue, and leaned down, slowly kissing it.

As Laura was bent over a bit, Michael moved behind her, and slid her panties down, watching as her ass became exposed to him. He took her underwear down her legs, and Laura, almost subconsciously stepped out of them, as he took them off of her. 

Michael began to unbutton his shirt, catching Breanne's attention, she looked over Laura's shoulders, smiling at him, as he took his shirt off. 

He unbuttoned, and unzipped his pants, Breanne watching everything, as his tight, white boxer briefs began to show. Michael then pulled his hard cock out of his underwear, and watched as Breanne stared at it, it throbbed in her direction. 

"Describe my dick to her", he told the young teller. 

Breanne took a deep breath, and slowly said, "It's pretty big Mrs. Davidson, maybe 8 or 9 inches or so, hard as can be, is just throbbing real nice." 

Laura straightened up, not turning around, "Do you want it Breanne?" 

Breanne bit her lip, "I hate what he's done to us in here, but it is nice, really nice, possibly."

Michael suddenly went back behind Laura's desk, and put her purse on the chair, digging through it, finding her cell phone. The pair of women watched him, as he pulled up her contact list, "What's your husbands name Mrs. Davidson?"

Laura eyed him, "Why?" She wondered out loud. She then looked down, surprised at how accurate Breanne's description had been, "Fuck, that is a big dick." 

"Just want to see the contact picture of the man that gets this ass." He answered. 

Laura thought about it, and told him, "It's Larry." Michael scrolled down, and saw the smiling picture, matching it to the picture of him on her desk. 

Michael directed Laura, "Take her pants off, let's see her panties. Breanne stood still as Laura unbuttoned, and unzipped them, sliding them down her legs, showing her red panties that matched the bra she had been wearing. 

As Laura leaned over to take Breanne's pants down further, Michael pushed his cock into Laura's pussy from behind. She gasped out loud as it went in, moaning out "Ohhh, fuck, you did not just do that, damn it!!"

"How does she look Breanne?" Michael asked the young employee.

Breanne thought carefully before answering, as she looked down at her boss being penetrated from behind. "She looks very vulnerable, I don't know how I feel, it's hard to see her like that." 

As Michael began to push his cock in and out of her, he then asked Breanne, "But do you like it? Do you like seeing her like that? And don't you dare lie to me."

For some reason, Michael's command about not lying was firm to her, and she only said, "Y-yes, I do, it's really hot, I'm sorry Mrs. Davidson."

Laura told Breanne from her compromised position, "You and I are going to have such a talk Breanne"

Michael reached over to Laura's desk, moving the picture of her husband to the side so she could see it. "Is it better than it is with him?" 

Laura groaned, "Of course not, I love him, it's better with him." 

Michael laughed as he put it into her harder, "I already know my cock is bigger than his, now I have the challenge of making you want more."

"And just how do you know that?" She said between deep breaths. 

Michael drove it in harder, "Your surprise when you saw it, not what you're used to seeing, simple as that." Laura put her head down as she took more of him, knowing his logic was sound and accurate.

"Look at his picture as you tell me how much bigger it is than his." 

Laura looked at her husband's picture, answering, "Not much, he isn't small, you're just...fine, fucking huge, ok? What 9 inches?" Breanne blushed, acknowledging Laura was about right. 

Michael continued to put it into her, as he told the manager, "I think you should suck on those nice breasts of Breanne's there, she might really appreciate that."

Laura put her mouth on one of Breanne's breasts sucking it slowly as Michael began to fuck her harder. Breanne moaned out loud as Laura sucked slowly on it. She took more of Michael's cock into her pussy, and Michael knew he was close to cumming. Michael held on lightly to the back of Laura's hair, going in deeper, bringing out moans from Laura that she couldn't control, "Give it to me...give it to meeee"

Breanne looked down at Laura, "Just how good is it Mrs. Davidson?

Laura looked up at her with a look of erotic desire "Sooo fucking good, you have no idea Breanne." And with that Michael began cumming inside her, shooting his load hard into her, she felt it, and slammed her hand on her desk, "Oh my God, he did it, he fucking came in me, Goddamn man and a half he is, Jesus!" 

Michael slowly caressed her stomach as he kept cumming inside her, loving how her body was twitching at his touch. 

He pulled his cock slowly out of her walking over to Breanne, "Suck her cum off of me Breanne." 

Breanne looked down at the thin, white coating on his dick, and dropped to her knees, slowly taking it into her mouth. She tasted both her boss' juices and his dick at once, and loved it. Laura flopped limply onto her desk chair, as her counter teller sucked on the customer, finishing him off. 

Laura barely made out "He'll probably cum in your mouth too, he's got a lot, seriously." Breanne wanted to find out, and took as much of his length in her mouth as she could, holding her hands on his thighs as she continued to work on him. 

Michael put his hands on the back of her head, and increased her pace. He was giving her just enough of a feeling of being forced, but not choking her. He went in and out of her mouth faster, then another load of cum shot out of him, and into the back of Breanne's throat. She took it in, and Laura knew he had cum in her mouth, he could tell by Breanne's widened eyes, Laura just nodded knowing he would. 
