 Though this story is good standing alone, please read part 1 to get a better understanding of the relationships and history leading up to these events.

*

Things changed a bit for all of us after that night, and it was all for the better. Stacy and Trish were so intimate and more openly affectionate. The girls hung around the apartment all the time and Trish was virtually living with us. And there was significantly more casual nudity and more openly sexual conversations.

Stacy and Trish continued to go to the gym together and I must say they were looking quite hot. Stacy was never a prude and there was still a healthy friendship between her and me. But she more frequently went nude from her bedroom to the bathroom and enjoyed me looking at her, in spite of the fact that she was a very dedicated lesbian.

Trish on the other hand seemed to take more and more pleasure in being more of an open exhibitionist rather than the quiet one I took her to be merely weeks prior. And I'm sure by now Stacy had told Trish of my fantasies of seeing two women together and more so being with two women. But we all knew this was never going to happen because Stacy and I were best friends, not to mention Stacy was into women.

One night when Stacy and I were hanging out, Trish was back at her place, and she said,

"I want to thank you again Jace, for making that night with Trish so incredible. She has been so threatened by men and hurt by men. And I know she is not going to be my life partner. She is just coming out of her shell and we really care about each other."

"I know Stace. Trish is a wonderful person and you two have a great relationship together. I'm sorry if she is not going to be your life mate though."

"I felt bad for a while too, but now I understand and we understand each other. We're honest with each other and so there's just room to grow and to love."

"You do love her don't you?"

"Yes I do. She has taught me so much about what it means to love someone and to give without needing anything for ones' self. I want her to be happy and she wants me to be happy. And so it's not selfish. It would be too selfish and ignorant of me to think she is going to change and give up men totally, for one thing."

"I can see that."

"That's what made me come up with that plan the other night."

"It was quite the naughty plan though Stace...you assumed I would go along. Was I wrong?"

"I think you know that I had a pretty good time."

"Yeah, I thought it would be fun for you too. Trish is pretty sexy, huh?"

"It was way more than just fun Stace...it was beyond a doubt the most erotic and sensual experience I've ever had."

"I'm glad Jace...I wanted it to be fun for you and Trish. And it was pretty erotic for me too. It was the first time I've ever seen anyone just fuck, other than on a video."

"So you watch porn to, huh Stace?"

"Guilty. Just here and there. Mostly girl-girl stuff, which is way more sexy that the wham-bam fake orgasm and come-in-my-face stuff guys dig. Probably not as much as you though."

"Ha ha. Funny girl."

"Can I tell you something else Jace?"

"Sure."

"It was really sexy seeing you fuck Trish."

"It was really sexy for me too."

"No, I mean it was the first time I've ever seen a cock up close and definitely the first time I've seen anyone screw. And I think yours is quite sexy. That's a lot coming from a lesbian too."

"Well thanks Stace. I've always thought you are sexy too. If you were into guys, I'd do you. And seeing you with Trish and then us making her crazy like that was just out of this world erotic."

"Trish had a really good time. She needs a man every now and then. I realize that my BOB isn't enough for her. I am hoping she would get over her fear and that you would convince her that there are good men out there. That's my gift to her even though I know she will eventually leave me."

Stacy said this, very seriously and with a slight teary look in her eye.

"That's very loving of you Stace. And that will indeed be your gift. Teaching her that love can be selfless. She will always love you and remember you for that."

"But in the meantime, we are having such fun, aren't we Jace?"

"Indeed we are, Stace. Indeed we are."

One day the next week, Stacy had to be out of town for a few days with a job out of town. Trish texted me and asked me if I was free for dinner. She wanted to cook me a special dinner. I accepted and we agreed that she come over at about 7 that night.

She surprised me with a wonderful dinner of some spicy Mediterranean chicken dish with vegetables and rice, with a Greek wine that was just delicious. I helped clean up and we just chatted and talked about all kinds of things sitting on the sofa. We also talked about Stacy and how crazy Stacy was about Trish. Trish knew of Stacy's feelings and I told her that though Stacy loved her, she knew that Trish was meant to be in a more 'traditional' relationship.

"I feel sad about this Jason. I know Stacy loves me and I do truly love her too. But someday I want to be with a man and have a family and all that."

"She knows that Trish. She still loves you and wants to enjoy your time together."

"She's a wonderful woman, isn't she Jason."

"She sure is. She knows the score and it sounds like you guys are honest with each other."

"I think we are. We have such a good time together, and she has taught me so much, about love and also about sex." She said that with a big smile, clearly thinking of the times that they've had together.

"Sounds like you guys have quite a bit of that, huh?"

"Now we do. I trust her and that's a big part of me enjoying sex."

"I can see that."

"And there's nothing like a woman's touch, especially when I've been with such jerks."

"It's hard to compete with that, since you girls know a bit more intimately what a woman needs, and have all the access to the equipment all the time."

"You made me feel special too Jason. I loved how you were so kind and gentle with me. Having Stacy there made it so incredible, so exciting...feeling all your hands on me and then being so turned on by Stacy driving me crazy with her hands and her words. And then knowing you were watching was the added fuel to that fire."

"I won't lie...you are a very sexy and beautiful woman Trish. That was the most incredible encounter I've ever had."

"I love being with Stacy. She makes me so crazy and makes me come so much. Sometimes, she goes down on me and makes me come 3 or 4 times in a row, and then after a break, will do me again until I can't even think straight."

Now that was some imagery that got my juices flowing more than just a bit.

"That's pretty crazy Trish. I've heard a bit of that here and there."

"Sorry Jason...I try to be quiet and not to bother you. But sometimes, I just can't keep quiet."

"It's ok Trish. I rather enjoy the aural show."

"You mean the hearing 'aural' and not the mouth 'oral', right?"

"Yeah, right. I haven't been privy to the other oral show...yet."

"Maybe one day, we'll let you watch."

"Maybe I can learn a thing or two."

I was squirming a bit more in the seat, getting pretty excited with this conversation because it stirred up very distinct memories and visions from the night just a short time ago.

"You like that image, huh?"

"Guilty."

"I know you like to watch. Like most guys, right?"

"Yes for me, and probably true for most guys."

"That's why you're always looking down my shirt and peeking in our room?"

"Well, it's a bit hard not to. You both are so sexy."

"Can I ask you something else Jason?"

"Sure Trish. Anything."

"Well, Stacy and I were talking the other day..."

Somehow she became nervous.

"Ok...go on."

"Well...speaking about the oral thing..."

"Yeah."

"Well...ummm...I was wondering if you would teach me something?"

"What is it Trish. Ask me."

"OK. I want to learn how to give a good blow job. There. I said it."

Trish looked at me nervously, not unlike how Stacy was looking at Trish a few weeks ago when she spilled her beans about being gay. I could tell she was excited but nervous at my response.

"Wow Trish. That's pretty wild. I guess coming from you guys, nothing much surprises me. And Stacy knows?"

"Yeah, she does. And I trust you Jason. That makes a big difference to me. And I'm not completely without experience. It's just that I don't know exactly what to do or how to do it."

"Stacy is not going to be jealous or anything?"

"No. Like I said, she knows and wants me to be happy and to experience different things. And we very much trust you and know you wouldn't do anything to hurt me. I'm a good learner and I'll make it worth your while."

"I'm game Trish. You don't need to do much more of a sales job."

"Well, that didn't take much convincing, did it?"

"Well, I'm a guy after all. Who am I to turn down a blow job from a beautiful woman."

"How about now? No time like the present. Looks like you already have a bit of a start in the arousal process," Trish said, indicating the prominent bulge in my pants.

"Like I said, how can I not get excited when talking about sex with a gorgeous woman."

"I can see that. And I got a pretty good look the other day when you were inside of me. Not that you need it, but perhaps this will help matters." Trish said, and while looking into my eyes, slowly unbuttoned her blouse.

"That's not necessary, but if you want the proper lesson, that's the right start." She kept opening her blouse and then shed it from her shoulders, exposing those wonderful breasts covered by her lacy bra. I could plainly see her nipples poking through the translucent fabric.

"Guys like the visual, you said, right? And where should I sit for best access," Trish asked me a bit shyly.

"How about right here in front of me," I opened my legs and slid forward on the sofa and guided her on her knees in front of me.

"You like the woman to be submissive like this then?"

"Perhaps something like that. And if you're comfortable, it's very visually stimulating for the guy to look at what the lady is doing."

"And now let me get started. I know this much," Trish said, eyes lowering to open my belt and to slide my pants down and off my legs. 

"Slowly now Trish. Make a little production about exposing more."

"I see." She stroked her hands around my thighs and stomach, trying hard to ignore my 7" cock bulging against my briefs. 

"You look so sexy Trish," I said softly, reaching out to stroke her bare shoulder and her hair. She continued to caress my legs and inching ever closer to my cock.

"And I've been thinking of doing this for weeks." She then looked up at me with lust-filled, sexy brown eyes and ran her fingers up and down the length of my cock through the fabric of my underwear.

"Now you can take them off," I told her. She slowly inched her fingers under the waistband of my underwear and lifted them away from my bulging cock. I raised my hips so she could slide them off me.

"Now the real lesson Jason?" 

"Something like that...what do I do first?" Trish asked, though I was not convinced that she was as inexperienced as she made out to be. But she wanted some specific directions.

"Start stroking it Trish. Softly, with your fingers, up and down, pay attention to this spot right here," I said guiding her fingers to the sensitive groove on the undersurface.

"Is this where it feels the best?"

"Yes, right there Trish. All men like different pressure, but that's the most sensitive spot. Like a woman's clit I think." She was indeed an avid student and kept stroking and touching my cock, sometimes firm, sometimes soft, sometimes fast, but always looking up at me gauging my response and my likes.

"It's leaking Jason. You're leaking."

"That's a good sign Trish...just priming the pump."

"Funny Jason. I think I'm the one pumping here."

"Now lean in Trish, and start kissing up and down, licking all around."

"Like this?" she said, in between licking the head of my cock and then up and down the shaft, burying her head at the spot between my legs.

"Oh yeah, Trish, that's good...that's very good."

"And what about here like this?" she said, softly licking my balls.

"Oh, that's good too Trish."

She spent the next 15 minutes just licking up and down, not yet taking me fully into her wet mouth. I was panting and gazing down at her with lust-filled eyes.

"Now Trish...please start taking my cock into your mouth," I began to beg just a little.

She looked up at me as her mouth slowly open and then encircled the head of my cock. And the feeling of my mouth finally entering her open, wet mouth elicited a groan from deep within me. He lips tried to smile a little, but her mouth filled with my cock and only her wonderful sexy eyes smiled up at me.

"That's incredible Trish...I think you're getting the hang of it."

I felt her tongue swirl around my cock as she lowered her mouth half way, and then starting moving up and down, with her hand stroking firmly yet softly at the base.

"Trish...that's unbelievable...keep doing that...just like that...."

Again, she looked up at me and did that funny smile, holding my gaze and just licking the head that was still in her mouth while her hand stroked me. She raised her mouth off me after a few minutes and said, "I think you're liking this, huh Jason? I can feel you throbbing in my mouth and in my hand." With that, she squeezed my cock and lowered her mouth to the task she was quickly getting quite good at.

"A bit more like that, and I'll be coming for sure...I'll warn you though." She just nodded her head and kept doing exactly what she was doing, needing very little more instruction or directions. Just as I was getting close to coming a couple times, she would stop and just look down at my cock, aching, red and ready to burst.

"I'm not sure how much more I can take Trish...I need to come soon...you're driving me so crazy!"

"That's good Jason. That's good. One more thing to ask though," she asked, looking up at me and softly stroking the sensitive groove with her thumb, wet with her saliva. The friction and touch was merciless but not enough to get me off.

"Anything Trish...please..."

"Well, Jason...you see it's like this..." she said, again taking a moment to suck my cock again for a few moments, getting me closer and closer to what I so desperately needed. "Since the other day with Stacy, she's remarked a few times—with the proper persuasion of course—at how sexy it was to see this lovely cock here screwing me."

"Uh huh," was all that I could manage.

"So I began to think, that perhaps she would indeed like a try of a real cock. And of course yours came immediately to mind," she continued, again taking a moment to suck me deep into her mouth, firmly wrapping her tongue around the head a few times before removing my glistening shaft from her mouth.

Still not being able to think clearly where she was going with this, another uh huh was about all I could say.

"So would you Jason? Would you help me with my plan to give Stacy her first real cock? Your cock?" She was now liking up at me cautiously, gauging my response, while still attending to her manual ministrations on my wet, bursting cock.

It finally dawned on me what she was asking, and my eyes lit up with the request.

"What!? Are you kidding? You want me to screw Stacy? My best friend? And my gay friend?"

"Don't get all crazy on me now...I've got a plan that I think will work, and will be very fun."

"I can't do that Trish. You know that." I know I wasn't thinking all that straight, seeing as how more blood was in my engorged cock that flowing to my male brain.

As I said these last few words, Trish's head bent to take my cock into her mouth and apply firm sucking pressure. She had a compelling argument going on here and I was losing my rational thought process.

She kept sucking my cock deeply in and out of her mouth and I was nearing my climax. I looked down at the top of her head, hair cascading over my thighs and her red lips surrounding my cock deeply embedded in her mouth. How was any reasonable man to say no to anything with this going on? Her hands left me for a moment, as she reached back to unclasp her bra and she raised up just enough to slide it off her arms and off her body.

"Does this help at all Jason? You like these, don't you? I know you keep looking at my boobs." She said this, again resuming stroking me, nearing my orgasm but she wasn't doing enough to make me come. My cock was between her tits and her gorgeous breasts were swaying softly under their weight and with the stroking motion of her hand on me. I reached out with both hands to hold them and feel their weight and the hard nipples pressed into my palms.

"Trish...please..." I moaned, with a pain of the dilemma of her request and the extent of my arousal.

"Please what Jason? Tell me what you want and I'll do it?"

She started sucking me again in earnest, and then just before I came, she stopped.

I could only groan.

"I'll tell you what. Here's my offer. She said, altogether too calmly, given my precarious situation. "You can come anywhere you want to. Anywhere. Just tell me what you want. I'll bet you want to come on my tits, don't you, you dirty boy? She stroked my aching cock a bit faster, knowing full well that I was so painfully near a whopping orgasm. I could only gaze down at her hand stroking me and her tits hovering just inches from the head of my cock. "That's what you want, isn't it?"

I just nodded.

"And I'll throw in one more perk...you keep giving me these lessons, say three times a week until I can work out the event. How's that? How can you turn that down Jason? You get to come of my face, on my neck and on my tits. And you get a blow job at least three times a week for who knows how long?"

Her argument was without fault. I nodded again.

"Is that a yes? Will you go along with my plan?"

"Yes...please Trish..."

"Oh good Jason! That's awesome! I've got some naughty plans for us, you know. But now, let me finish this job here." She resumed her sucking and this time I knew she was going to mercifully let me come. The cum had been building in my balls for a long time now and she was expertly applying the pressure and rhythm in all the right places.

"Trish...I'm coming..." I barely was able to get out as my orgasm hit me like a ton of bricks. She withdrew my cock from her mouth and stroked me as my cum shot out of my cock, hitting her in the cheek, then her neck and then her breasts, coating them with my hot, white fluid. She took me into her mouth again for the last few spurts and held my cock there as my orgasm subsided, feeling her tongue and lips work the last drops of my orgasm into her belly.

"Did I do a good job for lesson one Jason?"

"Oh god Trish...I think you're a lot better than you give yourself credit for."

"Thank you Jason. And thank you for agreeing to my plan."

"Trish...that's a risky plan. Stacy and I are best friends and I don't want things to get messy."

"Don't worry Jason. I know what I'm doing. And it's not going to get messy, at least not emotionally messy," she said, indicating at her dripping wet neck and chest. I marveled once again at her full tits, coated with my cum and watched as she took the one hand not wrapped around my throbbing cock and scooped the dripping fluid from her neck and tits and took them to her mouth. "Ummmm...you taste good Jason. So good. Almost good as a pussy..."

"Wow. You are so crazy. Stacy has turned you into a wanton exhibitionist sex maniac."

"Maybe she has at that. And I'm really having more fun that I ever thought."

She stood up, gathered her clothes and walked to the bathroom. "Don't forget our deal now Jason," were the last words she said, as I contemplated what just happened. 
