 I was given a double ticket for a day at the races by a happy client. Entrance badges, free lunch, free racecard, looking good for an enjoyable and classy day I thought. 

My wife told me she had arranged to go on a trip with her sister, as they often do, so couldn't come and suggested I offer to our friends. 

Our friends Neil and Debbie are the same age as us mid to late 30s and have a daughter the same age as our son and a younger son. We occasionally go out for an evening meal together or visit each other for bbq's or family celebrations. I'm a couple of inches taller than Neil at 5'10 and Debbie is slightly smaller than my 5'4 wife. 

What is amazing about Debbie though is her bubbly personality and great tits. She has a fairly good figure unlike my wife who has let herself go and is now grossly overweight, although they both have short dark hair and dark eyes. Debbie also has the most fantastic pair of tits I have ever seen close up, I reckon they are at least 36d and possibly 38d which for a little woman is awesome, and she often takes the opportunity to show them off with low cut t-shirts and other tops. 

I have noticed that I haven't been the only guy that has admired looking at the smooth fullness of them.

Anyway, my offer of the tickets was quickly taken up when I called them and my wife and I called round one evening to drop them off. Neil then dropped the bombshell that it clashed with an event that he said that he would take his kids to with Debbie's father. Debbie seemed quite angry with him for not declaring this sooner and he offered to drop out of the other agreement to which she said that would be unfair on her dad. To try and make some peace my wife suggested that Debbie and I go, and there was a short silence. 

Neil broke the silence by saying "ok, but make sure you get me a programme for my collection." 

Debbie seemed to look at us all and asked "are you sure?" without really asking anyone in particular. 

My wife said "better than you sitting at home on your own while these are out with your dad." Neil added "ok by me." 

Debbie turned to me and asked "is that ok with you?" 

My lame reply of "yeah" hid the ecstasy I was feeling inside -- wow I am going to get to go to the races for free after all and not only that I am going with a gorgeous woman who I usually cant take my eyes off or stop fantasising about.

So it was sorted. It was a hot day, my wife had gone, Debbie's husband and kids had gone, and I turned up at her house to drive her to the racecourse. I was wearing a short sleeved shirt with collar, smart dark coloured slacks and my best pair of shoes. I'd also smothered my self in my best deodorant and after shave. 

I think I said "wow" out loud when I saw her appear.

She had a black knee length dress, the 2 shoulder straps were like shoelaces, I couldn't spot bra straps, she had black and gold heels with ankle straps, and what looked like gold fishnet nylons, and a small black shoulder bag with a gold shoulder chain. Her makeup was superb and as she got into the car she smelled fantastic too. 

"Wow you look fantastic," I blurted out, my eyes not knowing where to look next as I feasted on her cleavage, her face, her knees as her skirt raised up as she sat down, her practically bare shoulders and once again her cleavage.

"Thank you," she giggled, as though amused by my reaction.

We set off, me trying to talk normally as my mind raced through all sorts of thoughts and my cock growing into a full erection as I drove. 

She linked her arm through mine as we walked from the car to the entrance, a smile on my face as many admiring looks came our way to me and my lovely lady, knowing that people would think she was my wife. I tried to establish if she was braless under her dress but the material wasn't yet allowing me to identify the bulge of a nipple.

We were given a racecard and shown to a table where we received our menus. As Debbie read through hers I stared at the sight before me, feeling sure I could see the line of an undergarment between her dress and her bust. We ordered and ate a lovely meal then wandered outside into the growing throng of people. Stopping near the parade ring and starting to read through the racecard. Debbie laughed at some of the names, but I took this chance to look down the front of her dress as she read through the card, diverting my eyes to hers whenever she looked up from the card. 

A voice in my head was repeatedly saying "look at her tits, look at her tits, oh yes look at those beautiful tits," as I listened to her comments. Below the middle of her breasts I could see what looked like black material and I looked at her back and saw what looked like a bra clasp, surmising that she had a strapless bra on. Yet the dress must have only just covered the bra cups as I could see a good expanse of bosom on display.

Debbie picked a horse with the word lucky in its name which I also went with after considering a horse with the word rising in its name, thinking of my rising cock while I looked down the front of her dress. Lucky came 7th but Rising won at 20-1. Oh well. 

The word theme seemed to continue throughout the afternoon, Debbie's 2nd horse had the word Romance, mine Ripples (misheard as nipples initially), both finishing unplaced. In the 3rd race she selected the name of a TV gameshow and I selected Game Lad, they finished a close 4th and 5th and enabled us to link arms round each others waists and jump up and down shouting encouragement until their chance had gone. 

The feel of her body and sight of her jiggling breasts requiring me to buy a round of drinks to cool us down. We both selected the unplaced favourite in the next race and then the 2nd favourite of 5 runners in the next race that won after another close and exciting finish. 

The joy of finally getting a winner, even a fairly low priced one, was immense as we jumped up and down together shouting the horse home and then hugging each other with joy. The fact that my arms were tightly around her and her breasts were pressed against my chest was merely a co-incidence as I lifted her off her feet and kissed her cheek.

Forceful Finish was my selection in the last race, conjuring all sorts of fantasies in my mind, and Debbie picked a horse with Spain in its name. They both made a forward move together and once again I took the opportunity to put my arm around her, both cheering against each other as our horses came clear of the rest. We looked at each other unsure who had won until Debbie's horse number was announced the 10/1 winner, my feigned sadness lifted as she threw herself at me, arms around my neck and breasts once again pressed against me as I grabbed her tightly into me wanting to hold her for as along as I could. I kissed her lips and after a victorious whoop from her she surprised me by reciprocating with a kiss too.

Arm in arm we collected her winnings and made our way to the car, her with a big smile for having two winners and me with a big smile for a number of reasons.

I suggested we call for a celebration drink on the way home and we stopped at a nice place I'd been to before in the countryside, set by a river. We sat outside in the sunshine as we drank and reflected on our day. I suggested we have a short stroll along the pleasant riverbank and Debbie agreed. 

As we walked along the riverbank I noted that there was an absence of the usual numbers of fishermen and was quite pleased that it was deserted. 

Crossing a small fence using the poorly man-made wooden steps Debbie giggled remarking "I cant get over that in these shoes." 

"Nonsense" I replied offering a hand from the other side. 

Debbie carefully negotiated the steps, one hand holding mine and the other resting on the fence to add balance. As she reached her leg over the top part my eyes must have looked like they had popped out of my head as her dress hemline raised up her leading leg and a stocking top came into view. This and the extra cleavage I could see at the time caused the start of yet another erection. 

Debbie laughed "I hope there aren't any more of those," and I jokingly said "they are every 100 metres or so." 

"I don't want to go over any more," Debbie insisted.

Noticing a nice level piece of grassed area I suggested we sit down for a while rather then continue the journey over more hurdles. As Debbie sat down I caught a glimpse of stocking top at the back of both legs as she assumed a comfortable position. I made out to lose my balance slightly as I came to rest with my shoulder against hers.

"This is good isn't it?, relaxing in the sun by a peaceful riverside gloating on our winnings."

"It's nice to have a winner" Debbie gleefully added.

"Being with you is a winning day for me" I replied, adding "I wouldn't have come if I'd have been on my own" trying to appear less obvious about my delight at being alone with her.

"Well thank you for inviting me, I've enjoyed it" she replied.

"So have I, its not every day you get to go to the races with a beautiful classy lady" I added.

Debbie laughed. 

"No I mean it," I said as I slid my left arm around her bare shoulders.

"We'd probably better not tell our other halves how much we've enjoyed it without them," I said.

"I'm going to tell him I've had 2 winners which is more than we've ever had between us," Debbie laughed.

"Well don't tell him you've had hundreds of admiring glances or he wont ever let you come again," I added. 

"I haven't had that many," Debbie laughed. 

"Yes you have, and that's just off me, not counting all the others I noticed you were getting," I bravely declared.

Debbie laughed again and then added "You don't think I look tarty or too old for this outfit do you?"

"I think you look fantastic," I honestly replied. 

"I bought it on a whim then haven't had the guts to wear it before, I'm not sure if I should tell him what I actually wore," she added almost apologetically.

"Well I'll just say you had a black dress on if anyone asks, a bit like you wore last christmas," I offered. 

"Ok thanks," Debbie smiled.

"But I'm glad you wore this outfit today you look fantastic," I added.

"Thank you," Debbie smiled again.

Holding her tighter I looked her in the eyes and said "I mean it, you're fantastic, I cant describe what a brilliant day its been being with you."

She looked at me in silence and I lent closer to her and kissed her softly on the lips.

To my delight these was no objection so I repeated the kiss and then took it longer.

She smiled and said "we'd better be going."

"Ahh, rather climb those fences than sit with me eh?," I asked. 

"Umm, well, no, but..." Debbie began to say, until my lips met hers again and we went into another kiss. 

I lent towards her guiding her downwards onto my arm underneath her and my right hand moving to her stomach as we lay on the grass.

My hand slid to her waist, eagerly wanting to move upwards or downwards but not wanting to appear too hasty. 

"Isn't this better than climbing over fences?" I asked, and resuming the kiss after only allowing a brief moment for her to smile.

My hand couldn't be constrained any longer and slid to her left leg feeling the smoothness of her hip and thigh before the slightly bumpy effect of her fishnet stocking. I slid my hand onto her knee, then slowly upwards, to which she gasped "Hey" only for me to seek out her lips to continue our kiss. 

My hand now experiencing the combined sensation of the top of her stocking and the bareness of her thigh as our breathing became more obvious as our kissing became stronger. 

She moved her face to the side, gasping "no, we cant do this," in a soft whisper. 

I kissed her again, feeling her react to me as my hand explored the bareness of her left thigh. I pressed against her, knowing that she could feel my erection against her right leg, and then she moaned and her body tightened as my hand moved onto her panties between her legs. I glanced down, seeing both golden lacy stocking tops on display for me, my fingers rubbing against the cameltoe of her brief black panties, her breasts heaving under her heavy breathing. 

"No, we cant do this," she gasped softly almost inaudibly. 

"We can darling, we're not going to tell anyone, we're not going to tell anyone how lovely you look today and how much you've turned me on."

She gasped again as we resumed our kiss. I smiled at her token attempts to object, knowing she didn't want me to tell anyone how lovely and sexy she looked, realising she'd dressed for me, knowing from how she was responding to my kisses that she didn't want to stop either.

She arched her back upwards and moaned as I slid my hand down the front of her panties, feeling her beautifully trimmed pussy, immediately followed by the softness of her cunt lips, and then the wetness of her cunt. She stopped kissing, her mouth open and eyes closed as she gasped while I finger fucked her. 

I thought, at last, my fantasies of doing something like this with her are going to be realised, my wife's friend, my friend's wife, the mother of two nice kids. 

As though she wondered what I was thinking, her eyes opened, and once again, in no more than a whisper in between breaths, she gasped "we've got to stop, someone might see."

"No one's going to see," I said convincingly as I kissed her again. 

She responded as I continued rubbing her clit, my needs forcing me to take things further as I slid my hand to the left side of her panties. 

A firm downward pull didn't get them free of her buttocks but brought a "nnnnnggg" from her throat as I guessed she finally realised what she was expected to do next. 

A second pull didn't do the trick either but slipping my hand further behind her for the third tug finally got them past her buttocks and was met with another "nnnnggg" sort of squeal. I had them down to her knees now and asked "lift your knees sweetheart," to which she replied "I-I c-cant s-someone might see us."

"They will if we spend half an hour talking about it, come on darling," I pressed, resuming my kiss and holding her panties down expectantly. 

Despite trying to tickle her legs into movement they remained still. 

"Come on sweetheart," I encouraged her. 

She gently bit her bottom lip and appeared to tremble but then closed her eyes and slowly raised her left leg. I swiftly got them off, and then off her right leg too, looking down at her lovely pussy exposed to the sunshine, her golden fishnets adding to the wonderful sight. 

I kissed her as I got my cock out, letting it rest against her right thigh as I pulled her straps down exposing the sexy and see through strapless bra. And then quickly pulling it down unleashing her big white shapely breasts into the sunlight, with their erect pink nipples standing on top of them like a cherry on a cake. My left elbow supported some of my weight off her while my left hand squeezed and fondled her right breast, my mouth sucking and nibbling her left nipple while my right hand felt her legs and then her wet pussy.

I moved across her, feasting on the sight below me, "oh god I don't believe I'm doing this," she uttered. 

Nor do I, I thought to myself. 

The woman who's spent hours chatting with me, probably unaware how much I've enjoyed looking at her, talking with her, and thinking of fucking her. And now by chance, my wife is off somewhere with her sister, Debbie's husband and kids are somewhere with her father, and here she is, in all her finery, about to be fucked by her friends grateful husband.

She gasped aloud as I made my entrance, and then again as I pushed right into her. She felt lovely and tight despite being a well fucked mother of two children. With the feeling of her stockings against me, her bare thighs open with me between them, and the feeling of her full tits, I just knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for very long. The harder and faster I fucked her the more she thrust her pelvis towards me and we were both moaning aloud. 

I hoped no one was quietly sailing by, what a sight it would be, a white arse pumping away between the two outstretched little but shapely golden stocking clad legs, smooth white shoulders laid against the green grass and two large white breasts with pink nipples bouncing to the hard fucking she was receiving.

I couldn't hold out any longer, she knew Id had the snip but I asked where she wanted me to come. 

She didn't answer so I thought I'd ask another question, "do you want me to come on your fantastic tits or shall I fuck you?" 

I had a good idea she wouldn't want her face chest or dress to be splattered and awaited her response. 

"Which do you want me to do," I urged. 

"Oh, oh god, ohh, fuck me, fuck me" she replied. I didn't need telling twice as I rammed into her and unloaded everything I had. 

As we paused to catch our breath I whispered "there you go madam, I've fucked you as requested."