 It had been a few years since Katie had been to the west coast to visit her best friend, Diane. Three years in fact. That was for Diane and Karl's wedding. Katie had gone alone that time as well. Dan, her husband, never seemed to have the time to go anywhere with Katie anymore. Katie had been so happy for her best friend, even envious. Karl was smart, sweet, funny, and very cute. Katie had liked him right away. In some ways, over the last few years, Karl had become almost as good a friend to Katie as Diane was. That's what made these last few months of the relationship so surprising to Katie. Things had heated up between them. Diane hardly got on line anymore, but like Katie, Karl was on all the time. Almost everyday. So when Karl and Katie started to talk via Instant Messenger, it was mainly to get Katie caught up on what was going on with Diane. 

"You know she's really bad with keeping in touch Kat, she always has been." he had typed one day. 

"Yeah, I know. It's a good thing you're on line so much, or I'd never know what she was up too!" Katie had jokingly written back. 

And that's the way it had been, until the flirting started. At first it was innocent enough. Just stuff to make them both grin, nothing serious. Then it began changing, becoming more frequent, more dirty. Katie couldn't help herself now. She had always thought Karl was cute, even sexy. Lately though, she was seeing a "darker" side of him she hadn't known was there. She was enjoying it.......immensely. Karl seemed to draw out the perverted side of her she had only ever shared with Dan. Of course all the "naughty talk" with Karl had been a plus in her sex life with her husband. She was always horny after chatting with Karl on line. He always got her so hot! She still didn't know when the change in their friendship actually happened. Katie didn't care. She liked it, and she wanted more. 

Oh yes, she thought to herself as she readied to leave the plane, this is going to be one interesting visit!

As she waited for it to be her turn to walk out of the plane's hatchway, she couldn't help but think of the last time she had "spoken" with Karl. 

"So, what would you say if I told you that I wanted to bend you over my desk right now?" he had typed. 

"What else would you do?" she typed back. 

"Slowly slide my fingers up and down over your soft pussy until you were nice and juicy." he typed 

"Mmmmm....that's sounds very good, then what?" she responded. 

"Then I'd slip two fingers inside your wet cunt, and start stroking the inside of you, hard, in and out, over and over." 

Katie's breath caught in her throat. 

"Oh yeah, I like that idea, keep going!" she wrote. 

"Then I would spread your lips wide open, and slide my tongue over your hot, dripping pussy, till you start to moan." 

Katie's heart started to pound in her chest as she thought about what he was typing. She reached under her skirt and started to slide her own fingers up and down over the crotch of her panties. She could feel herself getting wetter, and wetter, by the second. 

"Don't stop!" was all she could type out on the key board. 

"Don't worry, I won't." Karl responded. 

She imagined him touching himself, getting hard and swollen. She moaned, sliding two fingers in under her panties. Feeling all the wet, hot flesh she wanted Karl to consume made her moan even more. When she looked at the screen again, Karl had gone on. 

"I keep tongue fucking your cunt, while I rub my thumb over your clit. Slowly at first, but then faster, and harder, until I make you drip juices all over my mouth." 

Oh God, she had thought, he's getting me so hot! Karl relentlessly went on, 

"That's when I grab your hips and I start ramming my hard pole deep inside of your streaming pussy." he wrote. 

Katie was squirming in her chair, as she slid her other hand between her thighs. 

Karl had gone on. "I grab the back of your neck with one hand and yank you back, plunging deeper into you. I hammer my cock into your slick hole, harder and faster, until I hear you whimper and beg me to make you cum. I start to play with your clit, rubbing and sliding it in between my fingers." 

Katie had been really rocking in her seat then, quickly shoving her fingers in and out of her saturated cunt, while she fiercely circled the fingers from her other hand over her swollen clit. 

"Cum for me Katie, cum all over my cock!" 

At that point, she had cum, all over her hands. It was leaking down her thigh and over the seat of the chair. After a few deep breaths she was able to write that to Karl. 

"Good, that's what I wanted to hear!" he had typed. 

Now, standing in line, waiting to leave the plane, Katie could feel the heat building up between her thighs just thinking about that last time. She could also feel herself getting very wet. 

"Shit, why can't this line move faster!" she hissed to herself. 

Finally it did move, and she was able to exit the plane and make her way to the airport lobby. She made her way to the luggage pick-up area and waited for her suitcase to turn towards her on the belt. Just as she was grabbing it off of the belt, she felt someone walk up behind her. 

"Hey Hot stuff, you look great!" Karl's soft voice purred behind her. 

Katie turned to meet his eyes. She almost stopped breathing. So sexy, so close, God he made her hot! 

"Hey Hansom, you too!" she smiled up at him. 

"We'd better hurry, Diane will be coming home pretty soon and I want to beat her there." he said. 

Diane? Oh yeah, Diane. Katie was coming to see Diane. Because she missed her so much. 

Why do I have to keep reminding myself?, she smirked to herself. Diane was Katie's best friend, but that didn't seem to keep her from wanting to fuck Karl's cock raw! 

"Oh sure, let's go!" she said. 

As they left the terminal and entered the garage, Katie glanced at Karl. He wasn't looking at her, in fact, he hadn't even touched her yet. 

Hmmm...., she thought, what's he waiting for? Did I make a mistake? Was all that talk only that.......just talk? Was he "just playing" for the last few months? Oh shit, what if he was? She bit her lower lip. Suddenly, she wasn't so hot anymore. On the drive to Karl and Diane's house he talked, but not about sex. Everything else, but not the IM talks they had been having. She started to doubt her choice in coming there. 

"So, how long am I going to have to wait before you wrap your mouth around my cock?" Karl abruptly asked. 

Katie was so caught off guard that she almost choked. 

"What?!" she blurted out. 

"Katie, I didn't want to push you, but it's all I've thought about for the past week! I almost threw you down and ripped your clothes off right there in the airport!" He glanced sideways at her and caught her wide, wicked grin. 

"Well" she said "I guess we can start right now!" She eased herself over to him and slid her hand across to his crotch. 

"Mmmm....you're already hard!" she breathed through her smile. 

"I know, I've been waiting ever since we got in the car." he smiled back. 

She moved her hand to his zipper and tugged it down. Easing her right hand inside his pants, she used her left to pop the snap on his jeans and open them wide. 

"Holey shit Katie, you're really going to do this right here?!" he gasped excitedly. 

For her answer, she yanked down the front of his boxers and began to caress his hard, throbbing cock. She began sliding her tongue up and down it's length. She let her other hand slip down to gently cup, and caress his balls. Her mouth was watering by the time she worked it back up to the top of Karl's hardness. 

"Oh shit Katie, I want to fuck your mouth so bad!" he moaned. 

She smile to herself as she eased her hot, moist mouth down around Karl's pulsing cock. 

"mmmm.....!", came her muffled reply to the feeling, the wonderful taste, of Karl's slippery, smooth flesh in her mouth. 

"Uhhh.....!" was Karl's only response. 

He could feel Katie's soft lips roam down, farther and farther, while her entire mouth caressed his swollen cock. Smoothly up and down, and faster and faster. Katie, her left hand still fondling Karl's heavy balls, used her right hand to firmly grip the base of his shaft. Karl couldn't keep himself from thrusting his hips up, reaching for Katie's thick, red hair with one hand. Gripping her hair now, he slowly began pumping his hips, fucking Katie's full, heated, watering mouth. Katie moaned deep in her throat. 

"Oh God Kat! Uhhhh.....it feels so fucking good!!" Karl moaned loudly. 

Katie continued sucking and releasing, pulling his cock all the way in. She wanted to feel his hard tip hit the back of her throat. Wanted to feel her throat muscles contract around it. Karl's slow pumping began to increase and Katie could feel that he was pulling the car off the road. As he popped the car into park, he reached down with his other hand and wove Katie's hair within his fingers. Fiercely grabbing her head now, Karl quickened his pace so that Katie's head was being harshly bucked back with every jab of Karl's radiating thickness. Katie began mewling and squirming, realizing that Karl was close to cumming. She also felt her own warm wetness dripping down her legs. She desperately wanted to taste his sweet, hot cum rolling over her tongue and down her throat. She moved both of her hands behind his ass. She began pulling at him, kneading his flesh, coaxing him to keep going, to go deeper. Then, with a loud, almost anguished cry, Karl gave one last hard, jabbing thrust up and exploded hot cum into Katie's mouth. 

"Oh shit! Shit Kat! Yessss......!" he cried. 

Katie took it all in, gulping, slurping, sucking, licking, till all of Karl's sticky sweetness was cleaned off of his still pulsing pole. 

"Mmmmmm.....damn Babe, you taste so fucking sweet!" she purred. 

Breathing hard and deeply, Karl grinned at her. 

"Why thank you Miss, we aim to please!" he laughed. 

She grinned again as she settled herself back into her seat, still licking the last bit of Karl's creamy cum from her lips. Karl got himself straightened back up, then pulled the car back onto the highway. Katie couldn't help but wonder, excitedly, what other surprises this little visit would hold. 

Oh yes, she thought, a very interesting visit, indeed! She couldn't fucking wait!