 Thanks for all the wonderful feedback from my first attempt at erotic writing. I hope you all enjoy this second part to "Best Friend's Husband" as much as I enjoyed writing it. And to answer the reader who asked about this...yes, the first part of the last story was based on fact.;-) Thanks!

* * * * *

Even though Katie had only been at Diane and Karl's house for six days now, this little vacation had started out with quite a bang! Katie finally got to live out one of her many fantasies about Karl by giving him a delicious blow job is his car on the way to his house from the airport. He had told her how much he had loved it, how he had been waiting for it for some time. He had also told her that he was excited about "other things" that he wanted to do while Katie was visiting. Katie had her own list of "things" she wanted to try on him! Unfortunately, there hadn't been much of a chance for them to do anything. Diane and Katie had been spending most of their time together, shopping, going to the movies, or just talking and catching up on lost time. When they were home, Karl was either at work, or busy with some project that Diane had given him to do. While Katie loved spending all this time focusing on Diane, she couldn't get Karl's tasty, hot cock out of her mind! It had been torture to know he was just down the hall from her room every night, and not be able to go to him. She was also a little pissed that he hadn't tried to sneak into her room in the middle of the night. She guessed he was just being extra careful. It still pissed her off...and made her ache for his touch at the same time.

Katie knew that what she and Karl were doing was wrong. Very wrong. Not only was she planning on sleeping with a man other then her husband; she was also betraying her best friend in the whole world. Somehow she couldn't make herself feel too guilty about it. She knew she should, but she really didn't. Plus it didn't help at all that every time she did sneak a glance at Karl, he had a sexy little grin on his face and he made sure Katie saw it. He was teasing her, goading her on. It was driving her crazy! 

"So does that sound good to you? ...Katie? Hey, Katie!" Diane poked Katie in the ribs.

"Huh? What? Oh, I'm sorry Diane, I was spacing out!" Katie said to cover the fact that she was just thinking about crawling across the floor, on her hands and knees, and popping Karl's smooth, stiff member into her mouth. 

"Yeah, I could tell!" Diane smirked. "I was asking if you wanted to go with me to visit my Mom today. You don't have to, I know it wouldn't be that much fun for you, but I promised her I would stop by today." 

Katie frowned. On the one hand she probably should go with Diane, it would be the nice thing to do. On the other hand, however, Diane would be gone for at least two hours. Katie could think of a lot of fun things to do with Karl, and to him, in two hours. "Ummm, you know, I think I'll just stick around here, if you don't mind Honey. I don't think I got enough sleep last night and I'm a little warn out today." Katie flicked her eyes over to Karl and back down again. She hoped he got the message and would decide to stay there with her. Her hopes were rewarded when Diane answered her.

"Oh that's ok Sweetie, I really didn't think you would want to go, but I just wanted to ask. Well, I guess that means that I'll be driving by myself then! Karl has to take care of something he brought home from the office, so he can't go either." She got up from the couch and walked towards the front hall. "I'd better get going then, I don't want to hit a lot of Saturday traffic. If I leave early enough it might not be so bad!"

Katie's eyes flicked to the wall clock...10:00 AM. Perfect! If Diane stayed her usual time limit, she'd still be there around lunch time, and that meant her Mother would talk her into staying for it. "More time to play!" Katie thought to herself. She glanced at Karl, but he was getting up to give Diane a big hug and tell her to drive careful. Katie also got up and followed her into the front hall. "Tell your Mom I said 'Hi', and that I'm sorry I missed her today." Diane smiled and gave her a big hug, then was out the front door. 

"Yes!!!!!" Katie whispered to herself. She turned from the door and walked back into the living room, expecting to find Karl waiting for her. He wasn't there. "Hmmmm...now where did that little devil go?" she smiled to herself. Then she heard soft whistling, coming from the back bedroom. She heard Karl roaming around in his room and moving things. "Well, I guess I'll go out back and have a smoke while I'm waiting." she said loudly, hoping Karl would hear her. Katie didn't know what he was doing, but she hoped it wouldn't take long.

Katie was sitting comfortably in one of the deck chairs on the back porch when Karl finally came outside. "So, what were you moving around in your bedroom?" she asked him, raising one eyebrow. He sat in one of the other chairs, across from her, and lit a cigarette before answering.

He deeply sighed to himself, as if he was very contented, and looked at her with that same sexy little grin of his. "Have you ever given anymore thought to your fantasy of being forcibly 'taken' by a man?" Katie snapped her eyes up to his warm, brown ones. Was he serious? He sat there, intently staring at her, waiting for her answer.

"Well...I guess so." she stammered. " But I told you before, it would have to be someone I knew and trusted. Someone I knew would stop if I asked him to." Katie was starting to get nervous. Was this what he had planned? The "being forcibly taken" fantasy had been one that she had told Karl about awhile ago. She actually had almost forgotten that she had shared that with him. 

Karl nodded to himself. "I know what you told me Kat, just relax." Karl smiled at her in such a mischievous way that she couldn't help but relax some and smile back at him. "Trust me Hot Stuff, you'll be very happy with what I have planned for you." Finishing his cigarette, he rubbed it out into the ashtray and got up. "Now, don't peek until I say it's time to play. I still have a few more things to do." he winked at her and strode back into the house, closing the door behind him.

Now Katie didn't know whether to be worried, or excited. She was also practically squirming with curiosity! She had to know what, exactly, Karl had planned. She waited as long as she could force herself to wait, about 15 minutes, then she jumped up and ran to the sliding glass back door. She wanted to give him enough time to do what he had to in order to set up this little party, but she had waited long enough! She peeked in to see where Karl was. He was no where in sight. Since he had been moving stuff around in his room, Katie figured that was where the fun was going to happen. Katie very quietly slid the door open and slipped inside. She tip-toed into the hall, listening all the while for sounds of Karl. She almost hoped he'd catch her trying to sneak a peek. If he did, would he be mad? Maybe he'd decide to punish her. Maybe he'd spank her! She couldn't help but grin at that thought. Katie really got off on being spanked, when it was done right. Her husband had gotten quite good at it! She couldn't help but wonder if Karl would be good at it too. "I bet he would be!" she thought to herself.

Katie snuck down the hallway and eased up to Karl's bedroom door. Still no sign of Karl. Where the hell did he go? The door was only slightly ajar, but from what she could tell, there were no sounds coming from the room. She slowly opened the door, just enough for her to peek inside, and brought her head around the door jam. That's when she felt two very strong hands grab her shoulders and yank her through the door.

"FUCK!" she yelped, as she felt herself being thrown face down on the bed. Instinctively, she tried to struggle. She tried to turn over, to push off from the bed, but she couldn't move enough to do so. She felt one strong hand pushing flat against her back, in between her shoulder blades, and a second hand had grabbed her left arm, pinning her to the bed. She also felt someone's knee starting to press down at the back of her left thigh, pinning her leg to the bed as well.

"Well," she heard a harsh whisper close to the back of her head "that's exactly what I planned on doing! You were very naughty to sneak into this room, little girl. I think you need to be punished!" Now both her arms were grabbed and pulled above her head. She tried to move her head enough to see what was being tied to them, but her view was blocked by the pillow. "Ever hear the phrase, 'curiosity killed the cat!'? Well in this case, it's 'gets the Kat forced fucked'!" 

Katie's mind was quickly enveloped in a panicked fog. She continued to struggle, as much as she could, and was building one hell of a scream in her throat, when she felt a sudden, sharp smack directly on her ass cheek. That cut off the scream and made her whole body stiffen and grow still. "Now, now little girl, stop being so naughty. I know you like to be spanked Katie, but I was saving that for a little later! Don't make me punish you all ready." Karl?!...KARL! Oh God, it was Karl! So this was the "fun" he had planned! Katie couldn't believe this. Obviously Karl remembered a lot more of the details of the fantasy that Katie had shared with him then she had thought he would! "Yes sir..." she mumbled past her arm, the panic clearing from her head.

Karl was moving up near Katie's head. He reached out and moved the pillow that had been partially blocking her view and bent down to look into her eyes. "That's better baby, don't make Daddy punish you before he's ready." he said with a wicked leer. This was going to be interesting.

Karl moved back from her head down to her ass again and started to yank her workout pants down. He was being a bit rougher then he needed to be, but given the adrenalin rush she was still on from thinking she was being attacked, Katie was getting turned on by it. Karl had her pants off and was now working on her shirt. Katie didn't know how he was going to get that off without ripping it, but he just pushed the whole thing up over her head, up her arms and bunched it at her wrists. Next came her bra. Katie felt something cool and metallic slid across her shoulder blade. Then she felt the slight tug and release of her bra strap being cut away. Karl had both straps cut in just a few seconds, then popped the hooks in the back. He yanked it out from underneath her. He slid down and straddled her thighs, gently stroking the scissors in a zig-zag patterned down her back, making Katie squirm. Then Katie felt the scissors being pushed underneath the side of her panties. In a blink her panties were cut and thrown on the floor. "You know, those were one of my favorite sets Karl, I hope you intend to buy me another one." she joked. A sharp, stinging slap on Katie's ass, that made her jump and suck in breath, was Karl's answer.

"Now it's party time naughty little girl. I hope you're ready for Daddy." Karl purred softly, as he slowly rubbed and caressed Katie's ass cheeks. She was enjoying the sensation of Karl's strong hands on her still stinging flesh and started to arch her back, pushing her reddened cheeks up against Karl's hands even more firmly. He began squeezing and pulling her flesh, making her soft, already moist, pussy lips slowly shift back and forth. Katie started to breath more deeply, slowly, completely relaxing, melting in Karl's most experienced hands. 

Katie could feel the heat building deep inside of her. She was already gently pulling at the leather tie that held her hands above her head. Katie moaned, softly, deep in her throat. Karl was making tiny circular motions with his thumbs now, brushing them over the very sensitive skin between her rectum and her tingling cunt. Katie's wetness was growing, the heat was spreading. Karl moved so that his face was within inches from Katie's willing pussy. She could feel his hot breath against her cunt. "Mmmmmm...damn baby girl, your pussy is so wet already! And I still have so much more to do to you." Katie felt Karl's fingers brush up against her buzzing clit and she jerked, letting out a load moan. Another sharp, painful whack on her ass told her to be still. She complied, but couldn't help moaning as Karl's fingers continued to find their way all over her very wet, tingling pussy. 

Karl wasted no more time He brought two fingers to the entrance of her sex and jammed them deep inside her. Katie jumped, threw her head back and cried out, pain and pleasure crashing into each other and washing over her. Another harsh smack on her ass, "Be still!" Karl ordered He slowly slid his fingers out of her cunt, then jammed them back in. Katie had to fight to keep still this time, but she was rewarded with a flick of Karl's tongue over her swollen clit. "Mmmmm...that's a good girl, do what Daddy tells you." He then began slowly pumping his fingers in and out of Katie's cunt, twisting his hand with each down stroke. Katie was in heaven! She forgot Karl's warning and began to gently roll her hips in anticipation of each stroke. Another stinging smack. Katie thought by now her ass cheeks had to be beet red. 

"You are really being very naughty baby girl, looks like I'm going to have to punish you now after all." Karl removed his fingers from Katie's dripping hole and grabbed her waist. She whimpered her disapproval, begging him to put them back where they were. Karl didn't listen. Karl used his knees to push Katie's legs together, then gave her a harsh two handed smack on her already sore ass. Katie cried out and tugged at the leather strap tied to her wrists, the feelings of pain and pleasant warmth of her stinging cheeks blending into one another. Karl held her legs together with his own and unzipped his jeans. He pulled them down just enough to give him enough room to maneuver, then moved to have easy access to Katie's rear end. Katie felt the move and, in realizing where Karl intended to enter her, started to protest. She had never actually had anal sex before. Oh sure, Dan had "experimented" with his fingers, but he had never gone "all the way" before. She wasn't sure if she was ready for this!

"Wait!..." she blurted out. Then she felt such an intense wave of pain she stopped breathing. Karl had spread her cheeks and rammed his thick, stiff pole completely inside her ass! No lube... just the forced intrusion of his cock all the way down to the base of his member. Katie was too stunned, and in too much pain, to even scream. Then Karl pulled out, almost completely, and rammed his cock back in again. All Katie could do was grunt, grab the leather tie, that held her wrists, with both hands, and try not to pass out! Karl kept his method up for several strokes, each time thrusting as hard as he could back down into Katie's burning rectum. Her whole body was on fire, the pain from her ass was excruciating! She still wasn't able to cry out another protest, she was still having trouble catching her breath. Slowly the pain started to subside, as her rectum became slick with her body's own natural lubrication and got used to the feeling of Karl's hard cock in it. Katie, much to her own surprise, heard herself moan in pleasure. The pain from this forced ass fuck had started to reduce enough for Katie to start enjoying her situation. Karl seemed to see this, and began to redouble his efforts. It didn't take long before Katie was really enjoying herself. 

Katie had never felt this type of fulfillment before. "Please...please...oh God, don't stop, please!..." she begged. She wasn't sure if Karl had heard her, she was barely able to whisper at this point, but Karl seemed to thrust harder and harder at each stroke. Katie was starting to feel all the heat she thought she held in her body swell and flow through her pelvic area. She realized Karl was bringing her to orgasm, the intensity of it was overwhelming! Katie never thought she could cum with a man's cock in her ass, but it was definitely going to happen.

"Do you want to cum baby girl? Do you want Daddy to make you cum?" Karl grunted out to her.

"Yes! Please...please...Karl please make me cum!" Katie begged again. Suddenly Karl pulled completely out of her. Katie whimpered and squirmed in protest. That got her another sharp whack on the ass. Katie didn't care at this point, pain and pleasure were one and the same to her now. "No! Don't stop Karl, please!" she begged. Karl grabbed her hips and raised them up a few inches off the bed. He shoved his knee in between her legs and forced them apart. When he was situated between her legs, he pulled her hips back so that the head of his rock hard cock was positioned right at the entrance of her throbbing cunt. Katie knew what was coming. She started to moan and tried to push back in wonton anticipation. Again Karl spanked her ass cheek. He made her wait like that, ass up in the air and dripping juices down her thighs, until she was practically shaking with need. She could feel the tip of his cock twitching against her heated hole and it was making her whimper for what she wanted from him.

Karl finally stopped his torture of making her wait, suddenly impaling her freely flowing pussy. She gasped and cried out at the intensity of this new intrusion. Karl held still for a moment, absorbed in the sensation of having his pulsing pole completely embedded in Katie's juicy, hot cunt. She had just caught her breath again when he slowly pulled himself out of her, then violently plunged back in. Karl began quickly slamming in and out of her, making her whole body shake and jerk with each thrust. One long, moaning wail was jerked out of her throat. "Is this what you wanted baby girl? You wanted to have your pussy fucked so hard that you couldn't sit down for a week?" Karl hissed at her through clinched teeth as he continued to hammer her swollen, already sore pussy.

Katie felt on the edge of cumming again. Karl's repeated violent thrusts, combined with the stinging ass smacks he continued to distribute, were giving her a sexual release she never knew existed. The combination of intense pain and rolling pleasure was exquisite! She felt the release build, and everything in her wanted to convulse. She was yanking hard on the leather strap now, feeling it cut into her skin, and burying her face in the mattress. Finally, the wave of sensations was too overwhelming, she arched her back again, tightened her thighs around Karl's legs, and let out a sobbing wail of intensity that shook her to her very soul. Karl pulled his still throbbing cock out of her battered, slick hole and quickly moved around Katie, sliding up to her head. 

He grabbed her now tangled hair with both hands and pulled her face, off the bed, up to his sticky cock. "Open up baby girl." Karl demanded. Katie barely had time to register what he had said before she felt his next intrusion shoved past her panting lips. Karl crammed his cock deep inside Katie's mouth and back to her throat in one movement, causing her to gag and almost choke. She tried to pull her head back a little, to have some breathing room, but Karl kept her head locked in position. He savagely plunged in and out of Katie's mouth, each time smashing her nose and lips against his groin. She could taste her own juices, smell herself on his skin. She had to fight to keep breathing properly, but she wanted this, wanted to complete this "gift" that Karl had given her with the taste of Karl's sweet, creamy cum flowing down her throat. 

Karl continued his brutal attack on Katie's mouth for several more strokes before his own release came. He arched his back, threw his head back, and cried out in almost painful ecstasy. Karl came with such force into Katie's mouth that she had trouble swallowing most of his hot, thick cum before a few drops started to ooze past her lips and dribble down her chin. Karl relinquished his hold on Katie's hair and all but collapsed against the head board of the bed.
