 5 of us were sitting there that night, but it felt like it was just me and her. Jeff is my best friend and has been so for a long time. He is 20, I am 19 and we get along great. A few weeks ago I was staying with him for the weekend because I have moved away. We have drifted apart some since I moved and he has become much closer with his sister and her friends. She is 23 about 4'11 110, with dirty blonde hair. Her name is Amanda and she is absolutely intoxicating; the sad thing is she is married. Well on Saturday night we were all hanging out at Amanda and Will's apt when the phone rang. It was Willie calling to let us know our QP was ready. (For all of you who don't know a QP is a quarter Pound of Marijuana.) Well Amanda and Will have been on the outs since I have been visiting so will and his friend go to get the bud; leaving me Jeff and Amanda alone for the next two hours. 

When everything settles down were all sitting around and I just can't take my eyes off of her. She is wearing a very small pair of pink shorts and a tight white shirt. The way the clothes fit to her beautiful body is amazing to see. We all talk a little when Amanda comes out with why she is upset with Will. She had been kind of up tight all night and looked at me and asked me almost in self pity if I thought she was a bitch. Jeff was kind of doing his own thing so I wasn't worried about him. I could sense the need in her voice for someone to care for her. To hold her and let her feel wanted. I looked at her sweet doe eyes and told her I did not think she was a bitch at all, and had every right to be upset. All the sudden Jeff comes over to say he is going to the gas station to get some smokes. 

Finally after he leaves I'm alone with Amanda something that had never happened before. We continued to talk and I could see how sad she was inside. I walked over to her and sat pretty close to her on the couch. I laid my hand on her shoulders stretching my fingers out to rest on her neck. Her skin was so smooth and my heart rate jumped immediately. It had been along time since I had sat next to a woman that wasn't my girlfriend and I missed the feelings you can only get from someone new. She took one look at me and sank her head into my chest. I knew she was sad, but the sexuality of the situation was all I could think about. I knew she was there she was ready; I just had to say what she needed to hear. I put my hands on her shoulders and got her to look at me. I placed one hand gently on her cheek and looked right at her, "Amanda you are one of the most beautiful girls I have ever seen. And every time I am around you it is an absolute pleasure that I relish in." 

This worked like a charm as I felt her move a little towards me. I leaned forward and kissed her softly. I held her face close to mine kissing her so deeply. Both of us knew Jeff would be back soon and our romance quickly turned into passion. I slid my hand down her stomach. I ran my hand across the out side of her pink shorts. I could feel her getting wet because she wasn't wearing any panties. I raised my hand to her mouth and she began so suck on my finger. It felt so good inside of her hot wet sucking mouth. When my finger was good and wet I slid down her again, but inside her shorts this time. I went very slowly, I wanted her to suffer from desire. I pushed past her small bush and felt my finger slide past her clit. I went farther down until I found the entrance to her pussy. She was so wet it didn't even matter if I was. I slowly pushed my finger into her pussy as she kissed me so hard. She was in ecstasy and we had just gotten started.

I knew exactly what she needed, and she knew exactly what I wanted. She took my hand and led me to the front door. She latched the door just enough so it was locked but not fully locked. She looked back at me as she put her hands on the door. She pushed her ass right onto my crotch. By now I was so rock hard I wanted to explode in my pants. I knew what she wanted and slowly slid her pink shorts down. I stepped back a little to look at her glistening pussy. My knees buckled a little when I realized I was about to fulfill a long time fantasy mine. I unzipped my pants and pulled out my dick. I had to bend over slightly because she was so short and that was all the sweeter for me. I put my head at the entrance to her hole and pushed at it gently. I slid in with ease and was overcome by how hot she was. It was amazing looking at her tiny body slide up and down on my dick. I felt like I was fucking her whole body. All the sudden she stood up and turned around. She grabbed my face and kissed me hard. She pulled me close and whispered Jeff is coming as she pulled up her shorts. I rushed back to the living as she went to her room which was right next to the front door. Jeff pulled the handle but to no adue. Amanda went over and turned the lock slightly and said "it must have latched a little when you left."

I was a little flustered and still horny as hell but I seemed normal enough. Jeff and Amanda sat next to each other on the couch as I took the loveseat. We sat and talked for a little while because I had been gone for so long there was much to talk about. After a little while I could see Amanda was a little frustrated. She needed more so she slowly brought her left leg up the one closest to Jeff. She looked right at me as she slid her shorts over some to show me her dripping pussy. I wasn't sure how but I knew I had to lick that pussy and I had to do it tonight. With only and hour and a half left till the guys got home if I wanted to have some real fun I had to get Jeff out of the house now, but how could I get him to leave without me having to go. 

It must have been a gift from the sex god because Jeff's phone started to ring. It was Justin this time calling to him he had gotten a hold of some bars. (Zannex) This was the ticket because he was out the door in 5 minutes and I knew that I had at least an hour and a half till any one got back. As soon as she heard that door shut she ran over to latch it. She came back into the living room stark naked and beckoned me to come with her. I followed her into her bedroom and laid with her on the bed. We laid there embracing each other as we kissed. I ran my hands up and down her back venturing farther down each time. Feeling her skin under my palm was wonderful. She soon began to fiddle with my pants trying to get them undone. She looked at me and quickly moved down to the middle of the bed. She unzipped my pants and pulled them and my boxers off with on sweeping motion. My dick stood there like at a man attention ready for anything. Well I thought I was ready until I felt her soft lips brush the head. She reached up and grabbed my balls as she kept kissing my penis. She would push it into her mouth slowly and pull it out making little pop noises. 

After about thirty seconds I was ready to blow in her mouth and needed something to distract me. I picked her up by the waist and guided her lower half over my face. She gladly spread her knees wide to give me ample view of her sweet cunt. I looked up at it as a small bit of cum fell out and landed on my chin. I licked it off with pleasure as I moved nearer to her pussy. I took a deep breath in through my nose smelling her aroma. I pushed my tongue out just enough to slide it across her lips. Her ass began to shake a little as I did this, it was clear no one had done it for a long time. Soon her pussy wasn't enough and I began to run my tongue along her tight ass too. I fucked her pussy with my tongue hard while I fingered her ass harder. I could hear her screaming as I let loose in her mouth. She was cuming just as I was. After sucking me for a little longer she sat up, and I watched her swallow my cum. I sat there for a minute catching my breath just taking in her naked body. I was in heaven and this was only the beginning. Please vote for my story and leave feedback for me I would really appreciate it. 

P. S. chapter 2 coming soon