 I was stunned by the phone call I had just received. I was informed that my good friend Dave had just passed away. It seems he fell asleep at the wheel in an early morning car accident. I couldn't believe how unfair life seemed to be. Dave's life was just beginning. He had recently married his high school sweetheart and bought a house. He had a good job and a great future. Now it was all taken away from him. I knew Dave since we were kid's. We did everything together as we grew up. In high school, Dave met Jenna and they were an immediate couple. They were young and in love and did everything together. They grew from each other's first loves, to marriage.

Although Jenna was very attractive, I always was jealous of her relationship with Dave. We were best friends until she came onto the scene. Although we remained friends, Jenna took up most of his time. We never really hung out like we used to. I moved on and developed new friends but I never had a better one than Dave. Now Dave is gone and I was in shock. The funeral was set for this wednesday but the wake and visitation was tommorrow night.

I worked late the day of the wake, trying to keep my mind occupied.

Memories would flood in and out of my head as I tried to make it through the day. It was one of the hardest day's of my life. When I finished my last task, I noticed the time and I knew I was going to be late for the wake. I am not to sure that I subconsciencely wanted to be late. It was a hard pill to swallow knowing that I would see my friends lifeless body lying in a casket. As I pulled into the church, I could see that most everybody had left. When I walked in, the only people still there was the priest, Jenna, and Dave's folks. Dave's mom immediately hugged me and thanked me for comming. I explained why I was late but they didn't seem to mind. Seeing me again was a reminder of Dave. Dave's parents were leaving and they told me that they would see me tomorrow. I shook the priest's hand as he made his way down the hall of the church. Jenna had tears in her eyes as she looked far to young to be a widow. Her hair was the same golden blonde that I remembered. Her makeup was smeared all over her face from the tears that gave her an "alice cooper" type appearance. She was wearing a black dress that hugged her tight body. I gave her a hug as she started to cry on my shoulder. Her embrace was intense as her firm breasts pressed into my upper abdomen. Although we were never close, this embrace was very emotional for both of us. As I pryed her away from me I asked if I could see him. She tearfully nodded and lead me into a small room that had the casket in it. I slowly made my way toward the finally resting cell that held my friend. As I slowly opened the casket I felt nervously weak. Jenna held my arm as I looked at my dead friend. He looked peaceful as if he was sleeping. I felt sad as my mind was flooded with memories and thoughts. Jenna shut the casket and collapsed into my arms crying. She couldn't take the sight anymore and really let loose of her emotions. She cried profusely as I held her trembling body in my arms. I rubbed her back and held her as if everything was going to be o.k.. I would kiss her forehead once in a while to let her know I cared as she mourned for her dead husband. After what seemed like hours, Jenna started to pull herself together. I took her face into my hands and looked her in the eyes and told her I was here for her. I brushed back the tears with my thumbs as she looked so beautiful to me. I asked her if she was going to be o.k. and she nodded, sobbing, yes. She looked so vulnerable to me as I held her face in my hands. Her big blue eyes seemed to be glazed over and she really needed to be with somebody. I told her it was going to be alright as I lowered in and kissed her on the cheek. I kept my face close to her as I tasted her sweet tears on my lips.

She reached up and grasped my wrists as I started to feel a strong emotional attachment to Jenna. Our eyes locked into each others as I wanted nothing more than to take this damsel in distress. I really wasn't thinking as I leaned in and kissed her on the lips. The warmth of her lips melted mine as I slowly kissed her tenderly. She didn't seem to object so I opened my mouth slightly and tilted my head enough to fully lock on to her soft, wet lips. She put her hands against my chest as our powerful kiss quickly turned passionate. I let my tongue slide slowly into her mouth and when it was greeted by hers, a hot wave rushed through my body. Her warm, wet tongue brushed against mine agressively as we kissed with a firey intensity. As the kiss continued I shifted my hands down around her body and pulled her into mine. She reacted by running her fingers through my hair in the back of my head and pulling our faces together tightly, allowing my tongue deeper into hers. She tilted her head back and aloowed me to lick and suck on her neck. Her black dress had a strap on each shoulder and allowed me to lick towards her heavy cleavage. I leaned her back as I continued to suck on her swan like neck. My hands were clasped around her tiny waist when she grabbed each one and slid them up her dress and against her tremendous rack. I squeezed and felt her firm tits through her thin dress. She let go of my hands and softly moaned as she reached back onto the casket, awakening me to where we were. I abrubtly let go of her tight fun bags and said, "I'm sorry Jenna, we can't do this". Jenna hastily replied, "Oh please, I need it right now". As I contemplated what was happening and probably more importantly where, Jenna quickly slid down too her knees. I watched in awe as she quickly unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my pants. I was in a state of shock as Jenna pulled the zipper down and with a hard tug, pulled my pants to my ankles. My semi-hard cock was swinging in the breeze as Jenna grabbed it by the base and lifted it up to her mouth. She started to quickly kiss the head of my cock repeatedly, as if she was very happy to see it. The warmth of her lips pressing against my cock had my blood rushing to fill my manhood. As Jenna started to kiss my cock sloppily with her tongue, my cock inflated to full size. Her eyes widened as her hand expanded with my thickness. My cock was at full mass as she started to lick up and down my shaft. Jenna was quickly finding out that I was blessed with a long thick cock. She pulled on my meat missle as she polished my cock with her saliva. Her warm tongue circled my fat cockhead relentlessly as I yearned for her to take it in. She licked my cockhead as one hand pumped my cock and the other one stroked my huge sack. My cock was ready to explode as she really knew how to get the most out of it. I was as big and hard as ever when she finally answered my prayers and engulfed my thick cockhead into her warm, wet mouth. She sucked hard and fast as she seemed to ready it for passage. My balls began to ache as she expertly sucked my dick. When I thought it couldn't get any better, Jenna started to slowly deep throat me.

Many have tried but few could get my huge load past their tonsils. When my huge cockhead bounced off the back of her throat a few times, I thought that Jenna too had bitten off more than she could chew. But to my surprize, Jenna started to swivel her head as she took my cock deeper into her mouth.

She found the right angle and pushed my cock past her tonsils and into her throat. This continual motion really worked over my cock. I started to tremble and feel weak at the knees as Jenna started deep throating me like I never imagined. She never came up for air as she continued to slide my cock deep down her throat and back, sucking hard and making loud slurping noises. As she continued, she grabbed my ass and pulled. I couldn't take it anymore and leaned forward, putting my hands on the casket and holding myself up. My legs felt like rubber as Jenna took my cock repeatedly deep down her throat. She was sucking hard and fast as I felt her nose against my pubes once...twice...three times...and then, the grand finale. I felt her nose press hard against my body as she landed my entire cock deep down her throat. As she held it deep down her throat and sucked, I couldn't believe I was being deepthroated by my dead friends wife as I leaned against his casket! I had no idea how good Dave really had it. No wonder he spent all his time with this cock sucking whore. As I leaned into the casket spellbound, Jenna buried my cock repeatedly down her throat, ramming her nose against my body and sucking for all she was worth. As she massaged my testicles, I felt a burning deep inside. The payoff was here as my balls lifted and my cock thickened. I could feel huge gobs of cum stretch my vein and explode out of my cock, buried deep down Jenna's throat. She didn't miss a beat as she kept sucking me deeply as I was weakened with each load I spent. I was depositing all I had straight to her stomach as she held still with her nose buried against my body and her tongue pressing against my balls. She was silent as I moaned with each round of hot cum I shot down her throat. When I finished I stood up and looked down as she slowly pulled my crank from her mouth. My thick cock shined with her spit and my cum as she slowly released it from her trap. When my spent gun was finally pulled from her mouth, thick cum followed out as if the plumbing was backed up.

She swallowed most of it but I had never cum so hard in my life. She sat on her knees with cum dripping from her lips and chin. She was licking and swallowing and looking like the best little cock sucker this world has ever seen. She wanted my cock well by god I was going to give it to her. I didn't care where I was or who she was, I was going to fuck her brains out.

I lifted her to her feet and ripped off the rest of my clothes. Jenna wasted no time and quickly pulled off all she had on. The first thing I noticed were her tremendous fun bags. She was so petite but her tits were full and ripe. I lifted her onto her husbands casket and feverishly started to suck her tits. She moaned in delight as I sucked on one, than the other. Her nipples were dark and huge as I sucked on her swollen breasts. She threw her arms above her head and invited me to rapture her body. She wrapped her legs around me to hold herself from sliding off the casket as I aggressively breast fed from her lucious melons. As I squeezed and sucked her tits, I could feel the heat of her wet pussy pushing against my stomach. I quickly grabbed her legs and pushed her up onto her husbands casket. As I looked down her lean body I noticed her full blonde bush. Her wet snatch was spread and waiting. I lowered my head between her legs and shoved my tongue deep into her core. Her drenched pussy lips spread as I licked her deeply. Her cunt tasted sweeter than I imagined as I started to aggressively eat her out. She was moaning lustingly and pulling my hair as I licked her sweet pussy and tasted her love. My cock was back to full strength as I found her clit and sucked her dry. She was panting like a dog and squirming like a fish out of water as I teased her clit and sucked her swollen pussy lips. I held her tight and sucked as she trembled with the beginning of a powerful orgasm. She shivered as she came hard, splashing my face with her joy juice and turning her spread into a swamp. I lifted myself onto the casket as she started to vigorously finger fuck herself. I pulled her fingers out of her exploding snatch and replaced them with my rock hard cock. She screamed in ecstasy as I drove my thick cock into her drenched hot box. Her sweet pussy was ready and almost grabbed my cock as I buried deep into my late friends wife. As I powerfully thrusted my big cock into Jenna's sweet love nest, I was oblivious to the fact that I was basically fucking my dead friends wife on top of his lifeless body's casket. I fucked Jenna fast and hard as she wiggled in passion. She was definately a screamer as her lusting yelps echoed off the church walls. I thought I seen the priest standing in the hall but even a man of the cloth couldn't stand in the way of such a primal fuckfest. I fucked her as hard as I could but Jenna was a sexual dynamo. She was begging for more. I lifted her on to my long hard cock and kissed her deeply. She pushed me down onto my back and slid down my thick pole. She was straddling me and her late husbands casket as she rocketed up and down on my big cock. She had no trouble taking my size as she really went to work, sliding up and down and fucking my brains out. She rode me like a bronc as she squeeled in passion. I couldn't take it anymore as I really wanted to fuck her long and hard. I pulled her off my cock and rolled her over so she was on all fours. She instinctively arched her back as I mounted her sweet pussy from behind. She buried her face into her late husbands casket as I drove her home. I pulled her by the waist as I thrusted forward, powerfully shoving my cock in and out of her burning love canal. She was in some sort of sexual convulsion as I continued to deliver the high hard one. We oth had sweat pouring out of our bodies and joy juice was everywhere. Everytime I landed my cock into her drenched cunt I swear you could hear a splash. I felt her tight body tense as my thick prick thickened. She let loose with a primal scream as I again shot loads of cum into her wanting body. My cock was deep into her as I planted my seed. My cock hurt as it dumped load after load into her magical cunt. We collapsed onto the casket and allowed our bodies to drain into each other. After a while I heard a noise. I looked up and the priest only said three words, "you should go". As he walked out of the room I dismounted Jenna and quickly dressed. I helped her dress and walked her to her car. At the funeral, Jenna treated me like nothing ever happened. As I drove home to my own life I started to wonder if it did.