 Imagine going to work every day for five years straight knowing that each day you're going to see the woman you've been dying to make love to, and knowing it won't happen. That's basically the way my situation has been for what has seemed like an eternity.

My name is Mike. I'm 28 years old and I've been working in a small radio station as the morning announcer for five years. It's a great job and I wouldn't change it for the world except for one thing. Our receptionist Lori is the most incredible woman I'd ever met. We're not talking a Loni Anderson/WKRP type woman. She's a beautiful, 26 year old, well-put-together brunette with a smile that melts me every time I see it. If I had to guess, I'd say she'd be 36-25-35. Just an incredible body that she keeps in fine shape. 

Over the years we've become best of friends, telling each other everything about ourselves. We feel safe and secure around each other and although it started out as friendship, I found myself loving her as more than a friend. Lori confided in me one night that she liked going both ways. She'd never been with a man and a woman at the same time, but enjoyed being with both. She said she'd experimented with other women while she'd been in college but hadn't been with a woman since. What really made things difficult was the other little problem of that ring on her finger. She's been married for 4 years and has a husband that for some reason won't give her any attention. She confides in me all the time and tells me how upset she's becoming. She's talked about separation but I try to encourage her to tough it out a little while longer to see if he changes. Considering how badly I want her, this wasn't easy for me to do. I'd sooner tell her to drop the bum and get together with me.

One night Lori and I were out drinking with some friends and she pulled me aside and asked me if the opportunity arose, would I sleep with her. Keeping with our policy of being totally honest with each other, I told her that I'd kill to have sex with her but that I don't think I could do it because she's married and I value our friendship too much. However, I did make it clear to her that if properly motivated I might be persuaded.

A few months passed and it was a Saturday in the middle of summer. Lori had invited me to go with her to the beach as her husband was going away for the weekend with some buddies for a fishing trip. I went to pick her up and she met me at the door wearing a pair of cut-off jean shorts and her bikini top. My eyes must of nearly popped out, as the sight of her large breasts straining at the material of her top met me. I thought for sure the clasp on the front would burst open or perhaps that was just wishful thinking.

We spent the entire day at the beach and were completely drained and burnt from the heat and all that fresh air. She invited me back to her place for supper and some drinks. I had a bit of a headache and I asked Lori if she'd mind if I laid down in the bedroom for a little while to see if I could get rid of it. She told me to go ahead and have a nap while she worked on getting supper ready. I went to the bedroom and slipped out of my bathing suit and jumped under the covers and fell asleep fairly quickly.

About 45 minutes later I felt the bed move and I opened my eyes to see Lori pulling the covers back to reveal my naked body. I was kind of shocked and didn't know how to react. Lori explained that she and Joe her husband hadn't been intimate with each other for quite some time and she was eager to have a man inside her no matter who it was. Lori had been hit on by other guys at the bar and was tempted to fuck them but she just couldn't bring herself to do it. She reached down and grabbed my cock and started stroking it. She commented on how much bigger it was than her Joe's. I'm not one to brag, but I do have a rather large penis. It's about 9 inches long when hard and about as big around as a coke can. 

I didn't know what to do. Of course part of me wanted to rip her bikini off her body and fuck her like mad. But another part of me told me to stop this before it went any further and before it jeopardized our friendship. But the more she stroked my cock and the harder I got, the thought of friendship seemed to fade and all I wanted was to tear her clothes off that luscious body and fuck her like a couple of wild animals.

She must have sensed my approval because before I had a chance to say a word, her mouth was around my cock and she was bobbing her head on my dick getting me harder and harder. Never before had I wanted a woman as badly as I wanted Lori and my dream was about to come true.

She bobbed her head up and down at a furious rate causing me to moan with sheer delight. She stopped only briefly to let the saliva run from her lips onto the head of my cock and then used her hand to rub it in. Then just as quickly as she stopped she was back at it, giving me the best head I'd ever gotten in my life. I couldn't believe how much of my cock she was fitting into her mouth. "Oh God...you're sure good with your mouth Lori," I said as she just moaned and continued. She had about six inches in her mouth and I didn't think she had room for more, but she must have loved sucking cock because no sooner had I thought it, she pulled back and then swallowed my entire dick and now had her chin resting on my balls.

She sucked my cock for about 10 minutes using her tongue to flick the head of my penis and lick her own saliva from my shaft. I kept wondering how I could have let this happen and if her husband would come home unexpectedly. 

She lifted her head from my dick but kept stroking as she brought her lips to mine. We kissed and then she said the words I'd been waiting to her. "Fuck me Mike!, Put that cock in me and fuck me like I've never been fucked before." I wanted to but since I hadn't expected any of this to happen, I didn't bring a condom with me. 

I explained the dilemma to her and Lori just laughed and said, "I don't care. I just want you to get on top of me and stick that big cock of yours inside me." That's all I needed to hear as I rolled her on her back and pulled her thong down and off her body. She spread her legs and I could see her pussy was dripping wet. I stuck my head between her legs and went to work on that big clit of hers. Lori started moaning loudly. As I used my tongue and tasted her juices, I worked two of my fingers in and out of her cunt. Lori was bucking almost uncontrollably on the bed as she reached her first orgasm.

After licking her clean, I brought my head up to hers and let her taste her own juices on my lips. I positioned myself on my knees and used my hands to separate her legs even more and allowed my cock to rest on her stomach. "Put it in me Mike," Lori said almost begging for me to fuck her. Keeping her legs spread, I grabbed my cock and rubbed the head against he cunt. I slowly poked the head inside and Lori let out a squeal that meant she was enjoying this. "Give it all to me," Lori cried. So I plunged my cock into her with one quick thrust. Lori screamed so loud I thought I'd killed her. I stopped momentarily, but she begged me to continue. I found a good rhythm and kept driving into her with only one thing in mind and that was to fill her with a gigantic load of my cum. 

It seemed as though 15 minutes had passed and I could feel myself getting close to the peak. Lori had already had two more orgasms in this amount of time. I pulled out and rolled on to my back. "Hop on," I told her. She straddled me, grabbed my cock and in no time she was impaled once again. I reached up and un-hooked her bikini top in the front and released those incredible tits of hers. She leaned forward and let me suck on her nipples which were hard as rocks and about the size of a dime around. She was riding me like there was no tomorrow and screaming the whole time. "Oh God, it's so big," Lori yelled. "How big is it?" a voice said at the door. My heart stopped as I realized we'd been caught.

Lori stopped and we both looked to the door to find her best friend Sara standing there. Sara is 22 years old and an absolute knock- out. Sara works at one of the local fitness centres as an aerobics instructor and doesn't have an ounce of fat on her. If there's such a thing as a perfect body, Sara has it. Firm tits, thin waste, long blonde hair and a killer ass. She looks like the typical girl next door and doesn't even need make-up as her natural beauty is un-equaled.

Before either of us could say a word, Sara said, "Mind if I join you two?" I didn't know what to do. This just wasn't something that happens to me. I'm lucky to get sex three times a year, let alone with two women at once. I looked at Lori and she didn't need me to say a word. "Get your clothes off," she ordered as she went back to fucking me. 

As Lori slammed herself up and down on my dick, I watched as Sara stripped out of her clothes. She peeled off her tight white shirt. The kind that only covered her tits and revealed her hard stomach. I was pleased to see she wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples instantly hardened as the air hit them. She had on one of those button-up wrap- around skirts and she wasn't long dropping that to the floor.

"Oh Fuck!," I yelled as Lori pulled the hair on my chest. "Did you forget about me?" she said. "Of course not," I replied as I quickly turned her over on her back and started ramming my cock into her at a faster pace. While I fucked her hard, Sara came over and let Lori suck on her tits. "I almost forgot how much I love women, but not as much as I used to enjoy licking pussy....sit on my face Sara," Lori said. With that Sara climbed on the bed and put her legs on either side of Lori's head. I continued to fuck Lori as she let her tongue work some magic on Sara's clit. She had Sara moaning and cumming in no time at all. I continued using my hands to play with both their tits and from time to time sucking on Sara's. "I want some of that cock to," Sara whispered to me. I pulled out of Lori and watched the girls change positions for me. Lori was still on her back, but now Sara was on her knees eating Lori's pussy with her ass in the air.

I stated to rub my cock against her cunt, getting her ready to take all of my meat when she turned and told me to put it in her ass. I'd never fucked a girl up the ass before, but looking at these two babes, I wasn't about to argue. I put the head of my cock against her hole and started to ease it in. Sara was incredibly tight and cried out as I inched my way in. After several minutes and a lot of screaming, I had all 9 inches inside and was fucking her ass. I couldn't believe how tight it was. We stayed like this for only a short time. I was only moments away from cumming when Lori told me she wanted to swallow my load.

I pulled out of Sara's ass and both girls turned to my dick as I blew my load into Lori's mouth and then Sara's. I came so hard I almost passed out. Lori licked my cock clean while Sara licked my cum off Lori's tits and face.

We layed in bed for quite some time after this and talked about lots of different things when Lori finally admitted that she'd planned this whole episode. They'd seen me working out at the club in my tight shorts and could tell I had a big cock. After seeing this and a few conversations about me, they both decided they wanted to fuck me and figured a threesome would be a lot of fun.

We all showered together and cleaned ourselves up and went to the kitchen to get supper. It was by far the best meal I'd ever had as the three of us ate in the nude. After supper we decided it was time for more fun, so back to the bedroom we went. We figured there was plenty of time to do the dishes later.