 Laughing, she shut the door.

"Well, what can I say? We're soaking wet!" Said Sara. Looking at Tom, she laughed even harder. Tom joined in her merriment. "You look soaked to the bone Tom."

"You look no better yourself," he replied. "Whose idea was it to go out on a picnic in this weather anyway?"

"Yours, silly." Sara punched him playfully on his arm. He laughed and grabbed her hand, pulling her closer till they were nose to nose.

"Is that so?"

Sara felt his breath on her face. They had never been this close. They were best friends and they never thought of the other as a romantic partner. She could feel the warmth of his body and she started to tingle all over. Images and feelings swamped her. Feelings of arousal.. Maybe it was the rain. She suddenly felt very hot. 

Tom was looking at her curiously. "Sara."

"Huh?" Had he been talking? He smiled and she blushed. "Umm . . . Did you say something?"

"I was but never mind." He tilted his head. "I stopped when I realized that you were looking at me strangely. What's wrong?"

What's wrong? Oh nothing was wrong. She was just feeling turned on by his body heat. 

"Sara-"

Sara cut him off by suddenly leaning in closer and kissing him. It was just a light brush of the lips, but she could feel a fire start from her breast and head downward. It spread out over her body. She pulled back and looked at Tom. She did not expect the expression that she saw in his eyes. He was staring at her intently. 

"Oh," was all he said. 

"You don't have to look at me so Tom. It was just a-" This time he cut her off by letting out a moan and kissing her harshly. His tongue invaded her mouth. It felt awkward at first, knowing this was Tom. But arousal won, and she kissed him back with all she had. His tongue was demanding on hers. Sara wrapped her arms around his neck. She felt his arms go around her waist, pulling her closer still. They tightened as the kiss got deeper. She sucked on his tongue and he let out another moan. She absolutely loved the feeling of being sqashed up against his body. Tom backed her up against the wall, pinning her, trapping her. She felt the coldness of the wall seep through her wet clothes. She shuddered. He broke the kiss, spreading kisses across her face and down her throat while his hands moved over her stomach, pulling on her shirt. Lifting it, he lifted it above and over her head. Throwing to the floor, he gulped. Sara's breasts were beautiful. Encased in a black lace pushup bra, they looked delicious. He reached behind her and undid her bra. He slowly removed it, watching how her breasts swung free from it. His hand shaking, he brushed his fingers on the side of her right breast. Sara shivered as Tom bent his head and kissed each of them. Cupping them in his hands, he squeezed gently as he licked the valley in between them. He rubbed his thumbs over her nipples until they were hard. Watching her expression, he saw that she had her eyes closed, her mouth hanging slightly open. 

"Don't stop," she said, her voice husky with pleasure. He dropped a kiss on her luscious lips. Bending his head down again, he licked his way down from the rise of one breast, to the nipple. He swirled his tongue around it in circles. He then licked his way across to her other nipple and did the same. Closing his teeth gently over it, he heard Sara gasp, then moan. She tangled her fingers into his damp hair. He gave the breast a long, wet lick. 

Sara felt the fire grow as the roughness of his tongue made contact with her nipple. He made his way to the underside of her breast and gave it a good tongue lashing. He kept switching breasts, licking them, nibbling them gently. Tom gave her breasts one last squeeze, and then let them go. He knelt down and slowly undid her belt. Sliding his hands in her jeans, he pushed them down. He tapped her feet and she lifted first one then the other. He pulled them off and tossed them aside, her panties following them. 

Sara shivered once all of her clothes were removed. Her body was still damp from her clothes. Tom placed a kiss on her belly button. Peeking his tongue out a little, he drew a wet circle with around it. He then licked his way down to her pussy. Placing a kiss there, he put his hands on the backs of her thighs and pulled her closer. He licked the folds of her pussy and parted them with his tongue. Sara was already wet. As he tasted her for the first time, Tom could feel his already hard dick, harden to the point where it hurt. 

Sara let moan after moan escape her lips as he began licking her. The fire grew even bigger when he reached with his hand and fingered her while licking. Holy mother of saints, it felt so damn good. His licks turned into lapping. His fingers moved faster, creating little ripples of pleasure that moved throughout her body. He was now suckling her pussy, switching in between kissing, licking, and sucking. Sara couldn't seem to stop moaning. Her head was moving from side to side frantically, her eyes squeezed shut. Her fingers were still tangled in his hair. She pulled on it, urging him faster. She started shaking. 

"I-I think I'm going to-" She yelled as she came. "Aaaahhhhhh." 

Tom licked her clean then stood up. Sara hugged him tightly, her breath still ragged. "Thank you Tom," she whispered. He pulled back and kissed her passionately. She slid her hands down his chest to his waist. Tugging his shirt out of his pants, she broke off the kiss, pulled it over his head and let it fall to the ground. She looked at his chest and reached out her hand to touch the muscles on his chest. They were perfectly formed and looked oh so hard. Running her hands all over them, she stared in awe as his muscles rippled at her touch. Tom let out a chuckle. 

"You're ticlking me Sara."

She snatched her hands away at the sound of his voice. She had been deep in thought was surprised that he spoke. "Uh . . . Sorry. I didn't mean to." 

He chuckled again and reached for her hand, placing it on his chest. She could feel his heart beat fast. "Don't be sorry Sara. Feel that? This is what your touch does to me."

Sara stared at her hand as he slid it down to his midsection. He left her hand cupping his dick through his jeans as he undid his belt. She moved her fingers slightly and he groaned. Quickly removing his belt, he undid his pants next. He then reached for her hands and placed them on the top of his jeans. He left her hands there and let his own hands hang free. He waited patiently. She slid her hands under and pushed his jeans down, kneeling as she did. She stared in amazement at his dick that was sticking up through his boxers. He lifted his legs and she pulled his jeans off. She then reached for his boxers. Pulling those off, she stalled looking up. Her eyes followed the boxers as she tossed them aside. Then, she looked up. 

Tom's dick was sticking almost straight up, his balls hanging down. She reached up a hand and slowly touched him, watching his expression. He tensed up at her touch and let out a moan. She reached up her other hand and gently massaged the tip of his dick between her fingers. His breathing sped up as she pulled back the skin and licked the very tip. Picking up courage, Sara watched his fists clench as she licked her way up one side and down the other, still massaging with her fingers. She rubbed his dick on her closed mouth and ran her fingers on the underside of it. Reaching his balls with her fingers, she brushed them lightly. He let out a long moan as she took the tip of his dick into her mouth. 

Sara moved her tongue over it, swirling her tongue in circles. Her fingers kept brushing his balls while her other hand, massaged the lower part of his dick. Tom put his hands on her head as she slowly slid his dick all the way into her mouth. 

"Aaaaaahhhhh Sara. Don't stop."

And she didn't. Sara swirled her tongue around as she slid it almost all the way out, then back in again. She did so slowly. Tom let out another moan as she increased her pace slightly. Her fingers were still brushing his balls. He held her head with his hands and settled on a pace that pleased him. She decided to take things up a notch so she increased her pace even more. 

"Ahhh ahhh ahhh ahhh," Tom moaned. "Saaarrrraaaa . . . I'm cuming . . ."

He let out a long moan as he came into her mouth. Sara swallowed it all. She sucked his dick till the last drop came out. She kept licking for a few more seconds. Giving it a final lick, she stood up. "Please say you're ready for me Sara." Tom picked her up and carried her into her bedroom. Placing her on her bed, he followed her. Sara clung to him as he spread her legs. He took his dick into his hand and guided it into her opening. She was wet again and so it slid in easily. Tom held her close for a second, marveling in the sensation of having his dick inside her tight, wet, hole. Then, he slowly slid out and back in again. He and Sara both moaned as he continued sliding in and out. Their breathing became ragged. Sara helped by moving her hips with him. She arched her back as he thrust faster and faster into her. She gasped as his thrusts turned into frenzied ones. 

"Ohhhhhh yeeeeeessss," Sara called out. 

He bent down and licked her breast. Sucking on it, he gave a few more powerful thrusts and they both cried out as he spilled into her. They were both shaking. 

Tom held Sara close as they're hearts beat as one. She clung to him and whispered sweet nothings in his ear. When they're hearts and breathing slowed down, Tom slowly slid out of her, creating a sucking wet sound. Sara giggled and he grinned. He lay onto his back and pulled her up against his side.. 

They had no idea what the other was thinking, but they were thinking the same thought.

Life would never again be the same. They're friendship was taken to a new level.