  As always, both parties are over 18.

Neither has a name given, just nicknames for her, terms of endearment.

Unlike some of the other reluctance stories I've read here, Hers stems from her mind not being fully aligned with her body.

Forgive any errors, I've not had this edited.

Based a bit on my own experiences. I hope you like.

*****

The two best friends lay on the bed, listening to the thunderstorm raging outside her hotel room window. He faced her on his side, resting his cheek on his hand, propped up on his elbow. He delighted in the way she shivered as his hand glided over her belly. When his pinky caressed her flesh just above the waistband of her sweatpants, she gasped and captured his hand in both of hers. It looked so massive in her tiny grasp.

"We can't. I'm married."

He moved his hand to cup her cheek. "Do you want me to stop?" She glanced away. "You're in the driver's seat, my love. Just say the word, and I'll stop." When she said nothing, he trailed his index finger down the side of her neck. Her eyes closed.

"Why do you have so much power over me?"

"You allow it," he rasped.

"I shouldn't."

"Of course you should." He traced the tip of his finger around the base of her breast through her shirt and bra.

"This isn't right."

"Does it feel good?"

"That's beside the point."

He gently cupped her breast. "That is the point." A gentle squeeze. "Feeling good. Feeling what you've never experienced before."

"But I have."

His hand stilled. "Oh? When?"

"Two years ago when you last visited."

"Oh. That doesn't count then."

"Why doesn't it?"

He turned her to face him, his touch feather light. "Because we didn't go as far as we both wanted to."

"We went as far as I wanted."

"Did we?"

"Yes."

"Are you certain?"

"I am."

He stroked her erect nipple through the soft cotton of her clothes. "Why don't I believe you?"

"Because it's easier for you to pretend I want you more than I really do?"

His hand trailed down over her belly, and his eyes followed. When he slipped his hand under her shirt, he glanced back to her own. "You don't sound certain of that."

Her back arched as his fingers skimmed over her skin. "I..."

"Yes?"

A gasp was his only response when his hand once more closed over her breast, this time with only her bra to protect her from his hot touch.

"Baby Girl?" She moaned as his fingertips grazed the top of her left breast. A light scrape of his nail over her sensitive flesh elicited another gasp. "You were about to say something, I think." His voice was amused.

"This isn't fair." Her voice was a whisper, her breathing ragged.

"Oh, this is perfectly fair." She shook her head. "How about if I show you what unfair is?"

"Uh-uh."

"What was that?" He shifted so he was above her, gazing down into her face. Her eyes were closed as she reveled in the sensations he was causing. He rested between her legs, noting how her right heel kept sliding up and down his calf. "Did you say 'Please do'?" She again shook her head. "As you wish, my love."

He slid down her body and pushed up her shirt. His lips touched down, very gentle, on her bare belly. Her back arched. "Please."

"Please what, Baby Girl?" He licked her abdomen. "This?" A moan answered him. "Or this?" His teeth scraped at her tender skin. Her hands came down and she twined her fingers in his hair.

Her shirt slid over her torso, moving just ahead of his magical mouth. The air hit her exposed breasts. Her eyes flew open and she pushed his head back a little. "You can't."

"I bet I can." To prove his point, his tongue flicked against the underside of her left breast. She gasped louder.

"Please stop. I don't want this."

He raised his head and gazed into her darkened eyes. "Liar."

"No. Not while I'm married."

"You realize I can smell your arousal, don't you?"

"I'm not saying I'm not turned on."

"What are you saying then?"

"Just not right now. Please?"

"Would you say why?" She opened her mouth. "Without repeating that you're married."

She sighed and made no move to cover herself. "I don't want to be a whore."

"I wasn't planning on giving you any money for the pleasure I give you." He kissed the tip of her nose. "So, that rules out prostitution."

She narrowed her eyes at him. "Fine. I don't want to be a slut."

"The word slut was coined to attempt to shame women for the number of partners they had, and, in particular, to attempt to control the pleasure they got from sex." He tweaked her stiff nipple between his thumb and index finger.

"Mmm." She opened her eyes again. "If I give in, I'll be a cheater."

"Impossible."

"How so?"

He rolled her nipple. Her back arched again. Her hips matched the movement. "Cheaters never win, remember?" His voice was thick.

Her eyes drifted shut as she succumbed to his touch. They flew open once more when his mouth engulfed her left nipple. "Oh, Jesus!" 

Lightning ripped through her body, centered on her tit where his mouth worked at the nipple. Her legs went around his hips and squeezed as the pleasure shot through her. Warmth suffused her body as all the tension left her. "Holy shit," she gasped. "How did you do that?" The words were panted out.

"Cause an orgasm from sucking your breast?"

"Yes!"

"It comes from your level of excitement." He smiled at her.

"That's never happened before." She shook her head. "I didn't know it was possible."

"I know."

"How?"

"You told me two years ago that you almost had an orgasm just from me caressing your breasts." He kissed his way back down her body and untied her pants, pushing them down as he went.

She tried to sit up. "No."

He looked up at her. "I want to taste you."

She moaned at the idea. Once more, he moved further down her body. "NO."

He sat up. "Why not?"

"You'll make me an adulterer."

"Impossible."

"No, it isn't. I'm married."

"It is." He smirked. "Only males can be adulterers. Women are adulteresses."

She sat up, readjusting her clothes. "You have an answer for everything, don't you?" She sent a glare his way.

"I don't have an answer for why you fight so hard against what you want so badly."

"I told you: I. Am. Married."

He shot to his feet and leaned against the dresser. "You don't make any damned sense. You don't love him, or respect him, but you won't go for what your heart and body clearly want."

"He's the father of my children."

"A shitty father."

"No, he's a good father to the girls."

"Teaching them that it's okay to berate their mother? That it's okay for a guy to yell at her? That the lack of affection is the way it is supposed to be in a relationship?" He folded his arms across his chest. "How is that being a good father?"

"He plays with them." Her words were soft, as if she knew how shallow what she offered was.

"He screamed at a three year old for being selfish."

"Once."

"Oh. That makes it all better doesn't it?"

"I'm sorry I can't give you what you want and deserve."

"You deserve it more than I do."

"No I don't. I'm a terrible person."

"You're not." She started to reply, but he cut her off. "Subject change?" 

She nodded. He reached out, smoothed her clothes, and brushed his fingers through her hair. "I won't push you anymore. I'll wait." 

She smiled. "Thank you."

"Now, how about I show you something awesome?"

Her left eyebrow arched upward. "Last time you said that, you ended up with your mouth on my tit."

He grinned. "Was it not awesome?"

She blushed. "Yes."

"This is something safer for your sanity, I promise."

"What's that?"

"I'm gonna take you somewhere I've been promising to." He hooked her coat from the door and helped her into it. Spinning his around his shoulders and on, he said, "Come on."

Taking her hand, he led her outside the hotel and up the main road. Thirty minutes later, they stood at the entrance of a hiking trail. Snow began to fall. The muffling effect of the precipitation added to the beauty of the moment. He pulled a pair of gloves from his pockets and placed them on her small red hands.

He brushed flakes from her lashes and gave her a light kiss. Giving her hand a gentle tug, he led her up the path. The ground grew wetter at first, and then became white as they wound their way through the woods. The babbling of a brook echoed in the still air. As they gazed at the water, a wild rabbit raced along the bank and disappeared into a snow covered bush. Her giggle covered the sound of the stream for a moment. A few moments later, they continued on.

As they hiked, he couldn't keep his eyes off of her. The joy she displayed at walking the same trail he had, made him happy. Bringing her smiles and happiness were some of the greatest things he could do. 

She caught him watching her. "What?"

"I was thinking about how beautiful you are, and how lucky I am to have you in my life."

"Awww." She hugged his arm. "I'm the lucky one."

They climbed a steep hill and reached a trestle bridge over the river. A sharp wind cut across, causing her to shiver. 

"Are you cold, Angel?" She nodded. He touched the thin material of her coat. "No wonder. That's not a real coat." He unzipped his. "Swap coats with me."

"You'll freeze."

"When you put mine on, you'll see why I won't."

She acquiesced and exchanged coats. She rolled her eyes shut as she reveled in the warmth she discovered. "Mmm. It's like being embraced by a fire." Her eyes opened and flicked to him. "How is this possible?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. I've always generated a lot of body heat."

He pointed to the sky as a flock of geese flew by, honking strenuously. 

"That's called a 'skein,'" she said.

"What is?"

"The geese. When they fly in formation like that, that's what they're called."

"Hmm. What're they called when not flying?"

"A gaggle."

He snorted. "That's some funny shit right there, I tell you whut."

"You're silly."

"You love it."

"I do." Her voice was soft again.

"Well, we've hiked three miles already. Do you want to head back, or keep going?"

"Let's keep going. I want to see more of this trail."

"Alrighty. Let's go."

He took her hand again. She smiled to herself, pleased with how easy and unstudied the movement was for him. He always did things like this. Things that made her feel girly, weak, yet strong, giddy and fearless. She felt loved. 

As the pair hiked, he pointed out sections of the trail where he'd paused to take the pictures he'd sent her. It was wonderful how he lead, but didn't pull at her. He would guide, but also trusted her to pick her way over some of the fallen trees which blocked the path, standing by, ready to catch her if she fell. He always made her feel safe and secure. 

Protected, but not coddled. 

She let out a small sigh at the unfairness of being in love with this man, but being unable to tell him due to her vows. He gently squeezed her hand, calling her attention to a couple of squirrels chasing each other through the trees. She grinned so hard she thought her cheeks would break. 

Tugging on his hand, she said, "Have I told you how happy you make me?"

He beamed. "You just did." They came to a wide avenue. He pointed east. "Down that road is my house. Ahead of us is more of the trail. How far do you wish to go?"

"As far as you wish to take me."

A low chuckle escaped him. "Be careful saying things like that. An asshole like me could - would - take it in a different manner than you intended."

"You're not an asshole. Stop saying that."

Coming to the other side of the street, he paused, and kissed the back of her gloved hand. She imagined she could feel the heat of his lips through the tough leather.

"Hey, Angel?"

"Yes?"

"I have a question for you."

"What's that?"

The corner of his mouth rose at hearing the happiness and eagerness in her question. "Have I told you how much I love you lately?"

"Yes." The simple word was accompanied by a luminescent blush. 

"You went girly, didn't you?"

"I did."

"I love doing that to you."

"I know." She looked up, meeting his gaze. "You always do it to me." She glanced at her coat in his hands. "Are you going to keep carrying that, or put it on?"

He flicked his eyebrows and swirled her coat around his shoulders. "There we go: A badass cape."

She giggled. "Put it on properly."

"Um..." He pointed his thumb at it. "Do you see how small this is on my back?" He turned. "If I were to try it on, I'd rip your jacket."

"It's a coat."

"Pshh. Is not."

"Yes it is."

"If it were a coat, it would be thick, and warm. Not tissue thin."

"Hey, don't make fun of my coat."

He laughed. "I'm not. Making fun." A chortle escaped. "Of your...," he cleared his throat. "Coat, was it?" She narrowed her eyes at him, put her hands on her hips and tapped her foot. "Oh. It this mock outrage?" He waved his hands with a flourish. "Scary."

She giggled at his silliness. "You're so..."

A flick of his left eyebrow. "Awesome? Sexy? 

Godly? Studly?"

"Silly."

"Say, what's that?" His gaze locked on her middle.

She looked. "What's what?"

He stepped forward and unzipped his coat a third of the way down. "This."

"What? I don't see anything." She cast her gaze back and forth, trying to see what he had.

He placed his finger on the front of her bra through her shirt, and then drew it up quickly to her chin where he crooked it under her chin. Drawing her face up with a gentle touch, he placed a soft kiss on her lips.

The suddenness of his action, combined with the tenderness of the kiss overrode her senses and she found herself kissing him back. Her eyes shut, she savored the kiss.

His tongue slid across her lower lip and she gave him access to the inside of her mouth. He explored the inside of her mouth with his tongue, enjoying her taste . His tongue glided over her teeth, before beckoning her to return the favor.

Her movements were tentative compared to his own. She matched the motion of her tongue to his, trying not to make any mistakes. He surprised her by gently sucking on her tongue before swirling his around hers.

Her arms went around his neck and she felt his hands on her hips. He pulled her closer to him and she moaned when she felt his hardness pressing against her belly through his jeans. She responded by sliding her tongue along his and encouraging him to return to the inside of her mouth. He took her up on the offer and she sucked on it before swirling her tongue around his.

He broke the kiss to trail his lips along her jaw. Her breathing was ragged and her heart pounded. His lips found the side of her neck, and she gasped. She twinned her fingers in his hair. Fire flashed through her belly when she felt his teeth score her neck. She whispered his name.

His hands came up and he cupped her cheeks as he kissed her again. She responded by nipping his lower lip. His hands slid down her body, his right coming to rest on her breast for a bare moment before giving a gentle squeeze and slipping back down to her hips.

"Bite me, Baby Girl."

"What?"

"Bite my neck."

"I can't. I don't want to hurt you."

"You won't. Trust me." She gave his neck a small nip, barely opening her mouth as she did so. He groaned with pleasure. "Harder."

She opened her mouth a little further and bit him, just a bit harder than last time. Again he moaned with pleasure. His hands slipped off her hips and came around to her butt. He cupped her bum and asked her to bite him like she meant it. Again, she gave him a small bite, not wanting to risk hurting him. He responded by gripping her ass and squeezing it the way she liked. 

Liquid heat raced through her. She felt herself get wet as he nipped her neck again. While they were gentle, his bites were harder than hers were. She moaned, grabbed his hair and pulled his face back. She then kissed his hard, and hungrily. 

She reveled in his taste. It was mint with a hint of spearmint. Just like his toothpaste. She barely noticed when he slid his hand between them and unbuttoned her jeans. The coolness of his hand against her heated sex snapped the trance she'd been in.

"What're you doing?"

"This." His finger traced the outline of her through her panties.

She moaned and then pulled away. "Not in public." She buttoned her jeans again, and smoothed down her shirt and zipped his coat again. She looked back at him. His chest heaved as he panted. His brown eyes were lust darkened to almost black. 

He ran his fingers through his hair as he watched her put herself together again. Her white sweater was tugged back over her jeans and his coat zipped closed. She used her fingers as a comb and straightened her auburn ponytail. He took a deep breath, trying to ignore the way his heart longed to leap from his chest and his lungs tried to join it. His focus on her was laser sharp from desire and longing. 

The dark brown coat which fit him almost perfect engulfed her. The waist of it hung to her knees, and the sleeves went way passed her hands. Her normally hazel eyes seemed to be dark brown due to the dilation of her pupils from her arousal. Her naturally pink lips were darkened and swollen from the intensity of their kissing. 

She surprised him when she took his hand. "Let's keep going."

They went further along the trail, getting further and further from the city. After thirty minutes of walking in companionable silence, he brought her to a halt. Placing his finger against his lips, he gently pushed her against a tree. He licked his finger and held it in the air.

"Good." His voice was a whisper. "The wind is blowing at us."

The snow had stopped twenty minutes prior. He reached into the pocket of his coat and removed a pair of binoculars. He put them to his face and scanned the woods ahead of them. He smiled and passed them to her. Pointing, he indicated where she should look.

"Over near the rapids where the river comes to a shallow pool. Do you see her?"

"I do." 

There was an almost childlike glee in her voice. A tawny furred white-tailed deer drank from the water. Her tail flicked back and forth. As she watched, an eight-point buck approached and joined the doe. The stag's coat was a darker brown than the female's. 

"Look at the doe." 

She passed the binoculars back to him. When he focused on the doe, he noticed the expanse of her belly. "She's pregnant."

"Yup. I'd say about ready to give birth, too."

"Spring is technically in a week."

"I know. Eight days after my birthday."

"I remember. When we return you to your hotel room, you have to change so that I can take you out for a belated birthday dinner."

"No, you have to save your money."

"We had a deal, remember?"

"That's not fair. I got sick."

"Are you whining?"

"Maybe." She looked at him from under her eyelashes. "Did it work?"

He chuckled. "No."

"Damn it." That elicited further laughter. "Are you laughing at me?"

"Never." He sobered. "I'm laughing because of your words and tone. You seemed disappointed. I'm not sure if it was genuine, but, it was cute." He grinned. "Like you."

"I'm not cute. I'm badass."

"How about badass adorable?"

She titled her head to the side. "What's that?"

"A person who, while absolutely adorable, is also a total badass." His grin widened. 

"Someone who'd make you go 'Aww, who's a widdle asskicker? Who's a widdle asskicker?'"

She laughed. "No adopting cutesy-poo talk with me."

"Shall we resume our hike, or would you like to go back?"

"I'm getting a little hungry..."

"Right-hand pocket."

She put her hand in and pulled out a bag of almonds. "Are you prepared for everything?"

"Not quite everything." He reached inside the coat again.

She gasped when his knuckles scraped against her right breast. He pulled a rubber pouch out of the inside pocket. A plastic cylinder was removed from the bottom and inserted into a nipple when he pulled the cap off.
