 I've had the hots for my best friend ever since I saw him for the first time. It was if my heart took a big leap and landed on cloud nine. His name is Kshitij. He is tall, handsome, attractive, but what caught my attention were his eyes – deep, mischievous, and lively. 

Usually I stayed away from boys, but he was an exception. I followed him around; I interested myself in whatever interested him… Finally came the day when we really became friends. My heart nearly burst with happiness. But there was a problem. He was a popular guy, and I became just one of his many friends. But I still tried hard, and then one day came his words – You are my best friend. I trust you more than I trust anyone else, you are very important to me and I hope that I shall have you by my side all my life. 

But still, I was only a FRIEND. And the biggest problem was that he had a girlfriend. 

He told me that I was very sexy, he told me that he dreamed of having sex with me, he told me that he wanted to have sex with me, but he had a girlfriend.

I decided to take the plunge and told him that I loved him, but he said no, you don't love me, you can't love me because you are my friend. After that, I lost all hope of ever getting him, but what could I do? He was so sexy; his voice would make me tremble, a mail from him would send me into jitters… I was helpless. But still, I was his friend. I was the one he told how his girlfriend loved me, how she pleased him. I had to listen to this when I wanted to be the one doing it all to him.

One day he called up and said he wanted to meet me, so I said, "Sure, come over in the evening."

I showered, dressed, and drowned myself in perfume. My parents were away for the weekend, so I wore a really short skirt and a sheer white blouse that showed my bra trying to hold my 36C breasts.

I heard the doorbell. I knew it had to be Kshitij. I checked myself in the mirror one last time, and ran to open the door. Oh God! Why did he have to be so attractive? Why did he have to smell so good? Why did he have to be… my best friend?

"Hello? Anybody home?" he asked, tapping my head. 

"Uh? What? Oh sorry! Come in."

"Are you OK?" he asked, concerned.

Again. Why did he have to be so sweet and caring?

We went and sat on the couch. Something was wrong. I could hear it in his voice, feel it in his tone, but he didn't tell me. We had been talking for nearly an hour when, suddenly he said, "My girlfriend dumped me." So, that was it.

"What happened? Did you fight?" I asked.

He nodded yes, not wanting to speak. 

As far as I knew, their relationship had been smooth. Then what happened suddenly?

"We had a fight about you. She thinks I have some kind of affair with you."

Me? I was confused. Where did she get that idea from?

"She saw some files on my computer. The ones where I wrote my fantasies about you, and a few pictures of you which I made."

I was shocked! I had no idea about any of this! Fantasies about me? Pictures?

He saw my shocked face and laughed. "Did I surprise you? Yes, I have many fantasies about you. I have realized, though late, that you are the girl I love. I want to be with you – now, and forever…"

With that, he took my face in his hands and gave me a deep, passionate kiss. It seemed like hours before he released me. My mind was in a whirl. I had wanted this for so long, and now that my wish had come true, I couldn't believe it.

He continued, "I want to lay you down on the bed and undress you to reveal your beautiful naked body. I want to kiss your nipples and suck on them till they're hard as rocks. I want to lick every inch of your body, to kiss my way down to your sweet pussy. I want to eat your pussy and suck on your hard clit, to drive you mad, to take you to the peak of ecstasy. I want to love you like you've never been loved before, I want to make love to you."

By now, we were both breathing heavily. Just hearing him tell me all that he wanted to do to me made me aroused. I could feel my wetness. I didn't have to say anything, he could sense my feelings.

"Where…" he started to ask. I pointed to my bedroom. He came over to me, picked me up in his strong arms, came me a kiss and took me to the bed. He laid me on the bed gently. For a long time he just stood staring at me out of those deep eyes. "God, you're so beautiful. I can't believe I could ever think anyone was more beautiful than you."

I couldn't speak, I couldn't move. It all seemed a dream to me.

He lay down beside me and slowly unbuttoned my blouse, kissing every inch of skin that appeared. He lifted my arms and took the blouse off. My bra soon followed. He looked hungrily at my breasts with my nipples standing proud. He undid the clasp of my skirt and pulled it down, followed by my panties. He stared at me. "Perfect. You're so perfect" he said huskily. I could hear his arousal in his voice.

He kissed me again and moved down, leaving a trail of kisses from my neck to my nipples. He licked my left nipple while his hand played with the right one. He then switched them.

He again moved downward, towards my pussy. He laid his whole right hand over my mound. I was so aroused I almost orgasmed. 

He bent his head and kissed my slit. He started licking me slowly. Oh God! The sexiest man I ever laid my eyes on was licking my pussy, sucking my clit. I screamed as I came harder that I had ever done before. He hungrily lapped up all my juices.

He looked at me through those beautiful eyes as I lay there panting, coming down from my orgasmic high.

"That… was…. so good…" I managed to say, finally finding my voice. 

"I want to make love to you… I want to…"

I stopped him with my lips on his before he could complete his thought. I kissed him with all the passion I had felt ever since I first saw him and he kissed me back with the passion he had denied for so long. I broke off and looked down to see his cock straining against his trousers. I slowly reached out and placed my hand over it. It seemed to jump within its cage. I unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down, his boxers along with them while he took off his shirt. His cock jumped, pointing straight.

I encircled it with my fingers and pressed lightly. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the feelings. He opened them when I suddenly let go. "What happened?" he asked.

"I want to feel you inside me, to fill me, to love me."

He lay down on top of me, his cock resting just above my pussy, pressing into me, teasing. "Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked. Again. So caring, so considerate. But he was now mine. I nodded yes. 

He gently, slowly inserted his head into me. He stopped when he felt resistance. He looked up at me, surprised. "I'm still a virgin," I said in reply to his look.

This time he pushed forward really slowly, allowing me to savour the feelings he was giving me. He stretched my hymen, till it popped. I cried out in pain, but he quickly kissed me hard. He kept moving within me, slowly, till the feelings made me forget the pain. 

He touched every part of me with his cock, feeling me, exploring me. He filled me completely. He continued to move in me, but he slowly speeded up. With every thrust, his cock rubbed against my clit, driving me mad. 

I could feel the pressure building, I could feel him tense, I could feel my pussy tighten.

"I'm gonna cum…" he managed to gasp out. He groaned and I could feel his seed pumping into me. 

The feeling of him filling me took me over the edge again. I screamed his name as I came.

He slowly pulled out of me, leaving me feeling empty.

He kissed me hard, pushing his tongue into my mouth, dueling with mine. He rolled me over to my side and once again looked at me through those beautiful deep eyes. "I love you. You are mine forever."

That I definitely am, Kshitij!