 My wife and I have been married for 7 years, we dated and fucked each other for 2 years prior to tying the knot. Before we got married my wife had fucked several guys, but usually only once. I however had only fucked a few girls, but most of them several times. So our experience in sex was about the same with the exception of oral sex. I'm an oral guy, giving and receiving but especially receiving. Nothing beats seeing a beautiful woman on her knees or between your legs with her soft lips wrapped around your manhood and feeling her moist tongue massage your shaft. And then of course if you're lucky enough, getting to see her swallow your baby food...taking it straight down into her belly. Ummm, what a sight and what a feeling!!

My wife, Kay, had never given head before me. Never done much more than just get fucked by her one-night stands. So needless to say I was going to change that. She started sucking my dick a couple months into our relationship. The first time was while I was watching Monday Night Football, and my beloved forty-niners. She started out pretty sloppy at first, and then, finally, last night it happened. While she has given me some awesome head in the last 9 years, usually once or twice a week, last night showed signs of progress my wife has made and what I have to look forward to in the future.

I had had a long day at work. I was tired and not overly talkative when I got home. We ate dinner, I cut the grass and then headed upstairs for a shower. While I was shaving, Kay came in and sat on the bed and had that "I'm gonna suck your dick" look in her eye. I gave her a wink as I turned towards the shower. Kay walked up behind me wrapped one arm around my chest and grabbed my with her other hand. She stroked my cock slowly and kissed me on the neck and whispered to make sure I cleaned him well. I stepped into the shower and made sure my whole package was scrubbed, asshole to the tip of my dick. As I stepped out of the shower, Kay was leaning against the wall and approached me with towel in hand. She dried me off and fell to her knees to dry my legs. Of course, this is where I wanted her and where she intended to be. 

As she dried me off she licked and sucked my dick and took one of my balls into her mouth. She teased me for a minute or two before standing and walking me over to the bed. She had me stand on the edge of the bed facing away from her, this placed her head right at my mid-section. Then she pushed my shoulders down so that at was resting on my hands, my ass hanging in the air and my rock solid, blood filled, erect purple headed fuck pole was aiming straight down. Kay started out standing behind me and pulled my member back slightly towards her so that she could suck it while facing upwards. This was an incredible feeling that lasted about 5 minutes, a great 5 minutes. At this point she rotated around and sat on the edge of the bed between my legs, never letting my cock exit her mouth. This was my opportunity to face fuck her, something she rarely lets happen. 

I began pumping her throat, back and forth and trying to hold back the orgasm I was creating for myself. Kay sat there and took it like a champ and never gagged, never chocked, in fact the only sound heard was me panting and the sound of her lips being punished. Kay sensed when my cock was preparing for blastoff and knew that it was a matter of seconds before I coated her throat with my cum. Kay, with her hands on my ass feeding herself with my cock, held me deep in her mouth and began sucking. Actually sucking, literally sucking the cum out of my dick. She worked my dick out of her mouth so that just the head was in and she sucked with everything she had. I wasn't sure what to think as it didn't feel extremely good, hurt slightly in fact, but was different and still felt sorta good. When the time came, it came. I was shooting and Kay was vacuuming. It was a cum unlike anything I had ever experienced. My cum didn't just make it's way into her mouth, it was suctioned in and right down her throat. When I was done, Kay continued to bob her head and sucked a few more minutes before standing up and gulping one last time. There was no mess and no regrets. We both were all smiles and I just collapsed onto the bed. Kay had given me a fantastic blowjob and I suspect she will be sucking the cum out of my dick again very soon.