 The man and the woman both felt it uplift them, and with it, the familiar tingling in their stomachs. They also knew that it would heighten as they got closer. He started breathing heavier in anticipation, and he detected the same from her. Knowing they were almost there, he tensed his muscles.

Finally, the elevator reached their floor and the doors opened to a large, tastefully appointed waiting room. Michael Ewing allowed the attractive woman to go first, and he watched her seductive sway as he followed her to the reception window. He stopped a respectable distance back to give her privacy, although he did try to hone his hearing to determine if she was applying for the same position as he was.

Unfortunately, Mickey's hearing was distracted by his attention to the woman's shapely rear tucked into a form-fitting, above-the-knees skirt. What he could see of her legs looked appealing, and when she turned to move away from the window, his eyes shot up to her face to avoid being caught looking at the other parts of her anatomy he had been fixated on. Her freckled face was framed by shoulder-length, straight auburn hair. He risked a glance further down, but her navy blue blazer revealed little about what she had underneath.

Mickey smiled at her as she walked off, and was instantly smitten by her small, button nose and narrow lips that formed the warmest grin he had ever seen. She had that girl next door look.

After checking in, where he learned she was applying for a different job, he looked for a seat to await his initial interview. The waiting room was obviously intended to hold a large number of applicants, but fortunately, he and the woman were the only two present.

Ewing took a seat close enough to eye the woman without seeming too obvious, but far enough away not to be invasive. Pretending to study the papers he had been handed, his eyes observed the woman. Her legs were, of course, crossed, the gray skirt rising just enough to entice, but not reveal. Her jacket had separated and the buttons on her blouse were pulled taut, as though her breasts were too big for the garment. Naturally, that piqued his interest.

Subconsciously, his right hand attended to an itch on his left hand, the scratching causing him to touch his wedding ring. He remembered a time when he used to look at his wife with the same longing he now had for this woman. But those days had passed, and for the last six or eight months they had drifted apart. There were no open hostilities, and aside from having sex, they still mostly acted as a married couple. However, Mickey could not answer the question that continually floated around in his mind: why did they stay together? For that, he had no answer.

