 Here I am sitting alone at home wishing you were here with me, I have this deep feeling of missing you, wanting you. We have not seen each other much lately as we both work a lot and I have growing erotic desires that need to be released. Lately all I have had are the memories of us, a recent sexual encounter with you and even though this was not a lot of sex for us lately, it still feels good to recall the memory of it. The thought of being with you, inside you is constantly on my mind and I do want you so much, to please you and hear you moan.

Just then you walk in the room, you have a beer in one hand a smile and nothing on but a sexy small g-string. I didn't realize you were home already and am taken back from the sight standing before me. I am mesmerized by your body and entranced by your long flowing brown hair as it moves while you walk. The small patch of fabric covering you is very erotic. The Slight bounce of your breasts and the side to side movement your hips make with your curvy ass as you walk towards me is truly turning up the heat. You always easily turn me on and I love you for it. You always please me and it makes me want you more and more.

As you reach me on the couch you say nothing but just smile your sly sexy smile. You set down the beer, tilt your head as you lean into me and flick your hair to one side. One leg moves onto the couch to straddle me as your hand supports you on the couch you hover over me.... your flat stomach in front of me but as I look up slightly, your amazing round breasts are lingering in front of my face. You move your shoulders slightly, jiggling your chest, inviting me to touch your breasts and I eagerly submit. I slowly bring my hands to your thighs and lightly caress your soft skin over your hips, past your waste and then cup your beautiful breasts in my hands.

You then sit on top of me grinding yourself against my hardening cock, with your back arched you are pushing your firm tits in my face. Rubbing them into me, allowing me to bury myself into you and as I come up for air I softly hold them and suck each nipple slightly. Then soft kisses, all around your nipples and my tongue in guides through your cleavage. This is amazing, you are amazing and I am starting to drip cum from my cock as I have wanted this so badly. I have wanted you so much this week and hunger for your sex...

You undo my pants and help pull them off, boxers too and then you straddle me again. This time I feel your hot wet pussy rubbing hard against my now aching cock. Your small g-string feels drenched with your juices and I am loving the feeling of you grinding, stroking my cock with your wet pussy. You know I love this, you know how to turn me on and you are sooooo good at it baby.

I reach down and pull the front of the g-string aside, exposing your trimmed wet pussy. You moan as you go back to grinding me and this further intensifies the feelings we have and desire for each other. I can feel your pussy lips on either side of my cock as you stroke me up and down. I can even feel your engorged clit rubbing against me and I know you are ready to slide my cock inside of you.

As I reach around to grab your ass firmly I hear a noise... "Beep Beep Beep...."

At that moment you say, "sorry baby I didn't know that the alarm was set"... 

Slightly, awake I feel disoriented and quickly disappointed as I recall the last few seconds of what sadly has turned out to be a dream.

But to my surprise, you come back to me once the morning alarm is shut off. I quickly realize I am naked in bed and your hand is wrapped around my thick, hard... cock. 

"Can I continue baby", you say, as you lightly stroke me. "We have not had much time together for this so when I woke up early I felt like playing with your cock, teasing you ... I've missed your big cock this week baby". You smile as your eyes meet mine and you move over me and slowly take the head of my cock in your mouth.

I am instantly rock hard again and any disappointment of my lost dream is now gone, just a memory replaced by your firm hold of my cock and slow sucking motion you are doing to me. Your hand is holding me at the base and as I look at you I see my cock disappear past your sexy lips and deep into your mouth. I love the slow way you suck my cock. How you moan and twist your head, switching your tongue around and around the head of my cock.

As great as this feels, I recall just moments ago in my dream you were about to fuck me and that is what I am wanting now. You see in my eyes that I want you and I reach down to comb my fingers through your hair and move some of your long brown hair to one side of your face, touch your cheek and I invite you to come on top of me. You slowly release my cock from your mouth and crawl on top of me... ever so slowly with your big round tits hovering over my body, your nipples touching my thigh, mmmm my cock, then stomach and chest as you come to rest on top of me.

You slowly sit up now, grinding your pussy on my throbbing cock and you are so wet I slide right into you. I can't believe how wet you are and wonder how long you were playing with my cock, sucking it and massaging my balls before the alarm went off.

You are very turned on as you go straight to bouncing up and down on my hard cock, vigorously. I am in heaven watching your tits bounce, seeing you lean back and letting my big cock explore your tight pussy. God you feel amazing as I hear you moan and say my name. I love feeling your tight pussy wrapped around my cock. I wrap my hands around you, firmly holding your ass and begin to fuck you in rhythm as you continue to ride me.

You are moaning louder now but seem to be slowing your speed. I then pull you down on me, wrap my arms around you, your tits now tight against my chest. I want you, want the fast rhythm to stay. While you are tiring from riding me, fucking me .. I take over.. I hold you tight and with your legs spread wide over me I start fucking you fast and hard. I move my hands down to your ass and hold it tight allowing me to go deeper in your pussy and can feel big cock slamming against your pussy and hammering your clit in each thrust. As you kiss my neck, moan loudly into the pillow I can feel your pussy becoming more wet around my cock... I hold you tighter and keep my fast, hard rhythm and you continue to moan in my ear. 

"I'm cumming baby, oh god I am cumming for you" you say... " please cum inside me now I want you ... please cum in my pussy", 'Cum.... cumm... cummmmm" you shudder as I feel your release. At the same time I feel myself deep inside you and I am shooting hot cum with every thrust. Filling you with my cum and not wanting this amazing feeling to end. I continue to slide in and out of you ... slowly now... as we both enjoy the end of our orgasm... xoxox

... Best Morning EVER!!