 This one I was wanting to make a story about a girl who just loves to make love. To whoever it doesn't matter. I also wanted to try a story about a girl who had a talent like the main charecters. Tell me what you guys think and if you like it I'll keep going with more stories with this crazy girl.



Day 1 Saturday

Lindsey's eyes fluttered open as she came awake. She had to squint, adjusting to the brightness of her room. She was lying on her back; her head was facing to her left in the direction of her door at the far end of her room. She brushed a strand of her dark hair from her eyes and took a long deep breath. The window over Lindsey's bed was cracked opened, and a gentle breeze drifted in to caress her soft, lightly tanned skin.

Lindsey shifted in her queen size bed, adjusting the sheet that covered the bottom half of her naked body. Another small draft of air swept in and fluttered across her bare breasts and nipples. She felt them harden a little as it did and smiled. It was the morning after another crazy night.

Lindsey had gone out to a club to party with a couple of her girl friends. They found that a bunch of guys that they knew were there and started having a fun time. Her and her friends were getting drinks bought for them left and right. She only accepted drinks from the guys that she really liked. When three of the guys asked her if she wanted to share a cab home, she said why not. She invited them all in and the rest was history.

"Quite the fun night," Lindsey said out loud as she stretched in bed. The clock on her vanity said it was 10:30.

Lindsey sat up and looked out the window. The sun was out bright on this summer Saturday in Seattle. It's hard to picture the North West without rain but it does happen. She loved the view she had of Puget Sound from her apartment. She pulled the blanket from her and climbed out of her bed stretching again as she did.

Lindsey reached behind herself and lightly caressed her ass. It was still sore from last night. She laughed to herself and then walked into her bathroom. She turned on the shower and left it to run and get warm, then she turned to her sink. She took her birth control pill for the day and then looked herself over in the mirror.

Lindsey was about five foot ten inches, with a slender, sexy body. Her curly dark fell to her upper back, and she had a golden tan that blended well with it. Her eyes were a deep blue and sparkled in her bathroom light. She was a high c-cup, natural too. Her pubic hair was a small, trimmed triangle patch. She was definitely a beautiful young woman. She was going to be 23 next weekend. She smiled and then turned and stepped into the shower.

First thing Lindsey washed was her hair. She then grabbed her body wash a put some of the lather on her hands. Her hands roamed across her upper body as she worked the lather into her skin. She unconsciously brushed against her nipples more times then she anticipated. They hardened with each stroke. She smiled again liking the feel of her hands caressing her own nipples.

She forced herself away from her breasts when she felt a tingle between her legs. She got some more body wash and went to work on the lower areas of her body. She gently washed the crack of her ass wincing in pain a little as she did. After that was clean, she slid her hands to the front to wash the hole there.

Lindsey rubbed the body wash into the mound of her pussy. She once again rubbed longer then she meant and before she knew it was rubbing continuously at her clit. She was turned on by this point. Her body and pussy were crying for release. She suddenly wished that she hadn't kicked the guys out last night. She quickly rinsed her body of the suds and then leaned against the wall.

Lindsey slid her right hand between her legs and started to rub her pussy lips. She was already moist and not from the water. She rubbed up and down between the slit of her cunt lips and soon her fingers were coated in her own juices. She moved her fingers to the little nub of her clit and began to massage it again.

Her left hand went to her breasts and began to rub and massage them as she played with her pussy. Her nipples were rock hard, and felt good as she pulled and twisted them. Her breathing had become long and deep, small moans began to escape from her mouth.

Lindsey pushed her ring and middle fingers into her moist hole. She curled them as she pushed the digits in and out so that they hit her g-spot with each stroke. She used her thumb on her clit stroking it still as she fucked herself with her other fingers.

"Oh yes..." Lindsey began to moan louder as her orgasm began to build.

Lindsey felt her pussy getting warmer and warmer. Her body began to show the signs of her imminent orgasm. She shoved her pointer in with the others and her juices now soaked the three fingers inside of her. Her left hand returned to her breasts, grabbing and pulling at them again.

It suddenly felt like a fire was growing inside her tight hole. Her body started to tense and her pussy clamped down on her fingers as they continued to push in and out. She screamed as her orgasm rushed over her. Her body and pussy walls convulsed and a small amount of pussy juice sprayed from her tight hole. It was her little special talent. The climax lasted about fifteen more seconds before it subsided enough for her to move.

Lindsey smiled again before turning off the water. She opened the shower curtain, grabbed her towel from the rack and wiped herself down. She tossed the towel onto her bed as she walked back into her room and sat down at her vanity. She was about to start doing her makeup when there was a knock at her apartment door.

"Be right there!" She yelled getting up, grabbing her towel and wrapping it around her. Her towels were always long enough to cover her from the top of her breasts to her knees. Just for situations like these.

Lindsey walked out of her room to the front door and peeked through the peep hole. Today was a day for smiles, and she did so again when she saw who it was. She undid her locks opened the door to see a handsome black man standing in her door way.

"Hey Devin," Lindsey asked.

"Hey cutie," Devin replied with a big grin.

Devin was about six foot three inches. He had great body in Lindsey's mind. He was buff but not super big. He worked out to keep in shape, not to build muscle. His head was shaved smooth and bald. He wore a blue button up shirt, which was left unbuttoned, over a white tee, blue jeans which were slightly baggy and a pair of black sunglasses. The reason she smiled was because he was one of the guys who came over last night.

"So what's up?" Lindsey asked after giving him a quick once over.

"I think I left a hat here last night," he said after giving her a once over as well.

"A hat huh? I've heard that one before," she said before giving him a playful smile and opening the door enough for him to walk through. "Come on in."

"So what's going on with you today?" Devin asked taking off the glasses as they walked into her living room.

"Nothing. Just chillin," she replied leading the way into her room. "I just have some errands to run with Mia today."

"Did you want me to wait while you put something on?" Devin said just as they got there.

"Why? It's not like you haven't seen me naked before," she said.

Lindsey stopped in the middle of her room with her back to Devin. She quickly turned, the towel was already loose. She opened it up, swinging her hips back and forth a few times, giving Devin a nice flash of her naked body. He was able to give her an appreciative look over before she turned back around and closed the towel.

"Damn girl, you crazy," Devin said walking the rest of the way into the room. "And you got such a great body."

"I know," she smiled at him after retying the towel and turning around.

"How are you feeling today?" Devin asked as he began to look around the messy room. Lindsey always had clothes just lying around.

"Refreshed and relaxed," she replied. 

Lindsey caught a glimpse of a white hat on one of her chairs in the corner. The shirt she wore last night partially covered it so that it was not obvious. She made no move to get it.

"Not too sore?" He said looking over at her and giving her a grin.

"Just my ass. You guys pounded it pretty hard last night," she said grinning back.

"Couldn't help it. You have a nice tight one," he stood from where he was searching and glanced around the room.

"It didn't help that you are such a 'big' fella."

Devin stopped looking around Lindsey's room and walked over to stand in front of her. He looked at her eyes before his own traveled down to the crest of her cleavage. She had a sexy smile when he looked back up at her. He looked like he was wondering if she was inviting him to do something but was unsure.

"Come on," Lindsey urged. "Make a move."

Devin gently pulled Lindsey to him, his head bent down as her head bent up, and their lips pressed together. Their tongues danced together, exploring each others mouths. Lindsey grasped Devin's growing bulge with her left hand and gave it a hard squeeze.

"You like that dick?" Devin asked after breaking the kiss.

"I like dick period. But yours isn't bad."

Devin smiled and gripped where Lindsey had her towel tied. Lindsey raised her arms as he pulled it lose, and a split second later it was a pile by her feet. Her left hand quickly returned to his bulge as both of his went to her breasts and began rub. They kissed again pressing their bodies together as they did.

Lindsey broke the kiss and pulled Devin's button up shirt off. Her hands then went to his waist band and quickly undid his belt and zipper. She dropped to her knees as she pulled his pants and boxers, smiling as his cock sprang into view. It was around eight and half inches long and was decently thick.

Lindsey took his cock into her mouth as soon as the pants and boxers were around his ankles. Devin's eyes rolled into the back of his head as her lips started to bob up and down his dick. At first she only took about half into her mouth, but with each bob she slowly took more and more until she was taking about two thirds with each one. She felt his hands on the back of her head, helping to guide her up and down.

"Ah, damn girl," Devin moaned. "That feels so good. Let me fuck that beautiful mouth of yours again."

Lindsey allowed Devin to hold her head still as he began to thrust into her mouth. He pushed it in deep with each thrust, making her gag a little every time as it hit the back of her throat. He grunted and groaned with each thrust, loving every second of it. Last night all three of the guys got this treatment and she got three huge loads in her mouth for the effort. But this time she didn't want him to cum too soon.

Lindsey stopped him after so that she could back off and catch her breath. After her lungs caught up she sucked in a deep breath and wrapped her lips around his dick again. She went as far as she could and then held him for a few moments before releasing him with a loud gasp. She looked up at him after wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.

"Did you like that?" Lindsey asked him.

"Fuck yes," Devin exclaimed. "You're such a great cocksucker."

"Thank you," Lindsey said standing up and moving over to her bed. "If I remember correctly you weren't that bad of a pussy licker."

Lindsey gave him a sexy grin before sitting down on the edge of her bed, leaning back on her hands, and opening her legs to him. Devin stared at her pussy lips and smiled himself. He walked over to the edge of her bed and bent down to kiss her again. He then started to kiss his way down her body. First it was her neck, then her collar bone, and then he paused for a little while at her breasts. She moaned and her skin tingled with each kiss, especially when his lips touched her nipples.

Devin caressed her breasts and nipples with his mouth and tongue for just a few moments before starting to kiss his way further down. Lindsey started bucking her hips as his lips crossed her stomach and his tongue dipped into her belly button. He didn't stop there continuing to move down kissing and licking across her triangle of pubic hair.

Devin was kneeling in front of her now; Lindsey's pussy was right in front of his face. She lifted both legs over his shoulders to give him better access and waited for the fun to begin. But Devin wanted to tease her a little more. He kissed the inside of her legs for a few moments, moving slowly and almost making her scream for him to stop teasing her. He then gave her mound a quick kiss before pushing his tongue into her folds.

Lindsey was in heaven the moment that Devin's mouth touched the folds of her sex. It was an understatement what she about his pussy licking abilities. His tongue felt wonderful as it traveled up and down in the slit of her lips. Every now and again he would bring it up and flick it across her clit and/or suck the little ball into his mouth.

"Fuck yes Devin," Lindsey moaned. "It feels so good. Ah shit, keep going."

Lindsey squealed as Devin pushed his tongue deep into her hole. She bucked her hips into his as he wiggled it inside her, trying to push it deeper. Her sweet and tangy juices coated his tongue as it pumped in and out.

Devin pulled his tongue out, moved it back to her clit and began attacking it again. He pushed his ring and middle fingers on his right hand into her tight cunt to replace the tongue. Lindsey could feel her orgasm building, the fire growing with every stroke of his tongue and fingers. She was going to cum very soon.

"Oh shit... god... mmm...Devin...," Lindsey moaned loudly. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I'm coming!!"

Lindsey's body shook, her hips began to buck uncontrollably, and her pussy convulsed around Devin's fingers. Wave after wave of pleasure ran through her body as she came. She fell onto her back, her arms not able to hold her up. A splash of pussy juice squirted from her as he continued his assault.

"Fuck, I never get tired of that," Devin chuckled standing up and removing his partially soaked shirt.

"Neither do I," Lindsey replied panting.

Lindsey grabbed a hold of Devin's cock and scooted back onto the bed so her head was on the pillow. She pulled Devin on top of her by his dick, and positioned the member at the entrance of her wet pussy. They kissed as she wrapped her legs around his waist, and then they both gasped as the head entered the tight hole.

Devin slowly pushed his cock in until it was almost all in, and then gave Lindsey a quick kiss before slowly withdrawing. He started to work his dick in and out at a slow, steady pace. The walls of her pussy opened to receive his cock, and her juices coated the shaft, but it still gripped him and clamped down on it nice and tight.

"Damn girl!" Devin groaned. "You got such a tight pussy!"

"Yeah, you like that tight cunt?" Lindsey asked gasping. "Then take it. C'mon, fuck me harder!"

"You want it?! You got it!" Devin said starting to increase his pace.

"Oh, shit! Give it to me Devin! Give me that big fucking black dick!"

Devin put Lindsey's legs over the bend of his arms and repositioned himself so that he could thrust deeper into her wanting snatch. Lindsey could feel the difference immediately as the tip of his cock slammed into the back of her hymen with each thrust. She started to feel the familiar tingling sensation in her pussy as her climax approached again.

"Oh fuck, Devin!" Lindsey screamed. "You're dick feels so good! You're going to make me cum again!"

"Yeah, that's it Lindsey!" Devin growled back. "Cum all over my big fucking cock!"

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh Shiitt!"

Lindsey screamed as she came for the third time this morning. Devin pulled out just as her pussy juices shot from her hole, rubbing his cock head over her clit and little hole as they began splashing over both of them. As soon as Lindsey calmed down Devin pushed himself back inside and started slow again.

"Wait Devin," Lindsey moaned. He stopped thinking that she needed more time to rest. "I want to taste myself. I want to taste my juices on your dick."

Devin shook his head and smiled before pulling out and sitting up on his knees. He wiped the sweat from his forehead as he watched Lindsey turn around, kneel on all fours in front of him, and then take his cock back into her mouth. Devin's eyes rolled back in his head again as she began to bob up and down on his dick again. She sucked him for a few more moments before releasing his dick with a loud pop.

"How do you want me?" Devin raised an eyebrow when Lindsey asked him this. "You've given me two wonderful orgasms and now it's your turn. I want to make you cum as hard as I did. So what's the best way to make you do so?"

"Turn around and stay on all fours," Devin said after thinking real quick. "I want to fuck your pussy from behind."

Lindsey smiled and did as she was told. She wiggled her ass at Devin as he got into position and placed his dick at her entrance. She gasped as he buried half of his dick in her with a single thrust. He started thrusting slow a few times before picking speed. In a few short moments he was pounding his entire cock into her cunt, his balls slapping against her clit with each thrust.

"Fuck, Lindsey!" Devin cried. "Your pussy feels so good! You're going to make me cum soon!"

"That's it Devin!" Lindsey cried back. "Fuck me like the bitch I am. I want to see you cum. I want to see you cum all over my body!"

Devin gripped Lindsey's hips and pulled her to him with each thrust. Her skin was damp and slick with her sweat but he was still able to get a good grip. The smell of her sweat mixed with the pungent smell of her pussy juices creating an intoxicating smell. So much that it drove Devin over the edge.

"Of fuck yes!" Devin shouted before pulling his cock out and starting to jack it.

Lindsey turned over and centered her eyes on Devin's cock as he came. Her hand went to her clit and rubbed furiously as Devin's cum shot from his dick in long ropes splattering her breasts and stomach with the thick globs. She continued to rub at her clit after Devin had shot the last of his cum. He had gotten her close again and she wanted to try to get herself off.

"You going to cum again girl?" Devin asked breathing a little hard. Lindsey only nodded. "Well then let me help you with that."

Devin pushed two fingers into her still soaking wet pussy. He curled them up as he pushed them in and out so they caressed her g-spot. She was already on the edge so it only took a few strokes to finish the job. She cried out as she came again, her juices spraying from the satisfied hole.

Lindsey laughed after she came down from her orgasm. Now that was a way to start the day. Devin fell on his side next to her and started to kiss her cheek and neck. She looked at the time. 11:45 AM.

"Oh my fucking god," Lindsey breathed. "I can't believe it."

"Believe what?" Devin asked sitting up.

"I can't believe I've been up since ten thirty, had four orgasms already and it's not even noon yet."

"But you've only had three."

"I had some fun in the shower this morning. Speaking of...," she wiped a finger at some of the cum on her body and scooped it into her mouth smiling. "I need to take another one."

"Well at least this time you'll have some company," referring to his own sweat and pussy juice soaked body.

They laughed as they both climbed out of the bed and walked into the bathroom to get into the shower. They helped wash each others bodies kissing as they did. They dried each other off after they were out as well.

"Devin, stop trying to make me horny again," Lindsey slapped the man as he wiped the towel over her pussy for the tenth time.

"Just making sure it's dry," Devin smiled before stopping.
