 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

I had just arrived home from college on spring break the previous day and I was already bored; so bored that I was at the mall looking for any kind of action. I hadn't been able to track down any friends who had spring break the same week as I did and had actually spent Friday night at home with my parents. I had no intention of spending Saturday night the same way even if it meant trolling the mall that afternoon, looking for anyone I knew. Fortunately, things turned out even better than I could have imagined. I was meandering along the upper level when I heard someone call my name. Because it was a female voice, I was excited to turn and see who it was but, when I did, I didn't immediately see anyone I recognized. When she smiled, though, I realized it was Becky who had hailed me.

Becky and I had attended church together from when we'd been pre-teens into our early teen years. In fact, I'd had a bit of a crush on her for a while, which may have been how I recognized her so easily despite not having seen her in about five years. She had somehow gotten even cuter but, as my eyes dropped to check out her body, it took a moment to process what I was seeing. The unnatural way she was walking toward me was my first clue but, because she was facing directly toward me, I couldn't tell right away that she was definitely pregnant. I don't know if I didn't have a visible reaction to that realization or whether she just ignored it, but she continued toward me with that same smile until we somewhat awkwardly hugged.

"So, what's new?" I asked with a smirk, glancing down at her belly. She wasn't huge but she wasn't trying to hide that she was showing, either.

"How much time have you got?" she asked in response. So we started talking and eventually started walking as we talked and, when she needed to sit down for a bit, we stopped in the food court and continued talking. I learned that, when she'd gone off to college and was out from under her parents' thumbs, she went a little bit wild. Not only did her grades reflect it immediately, but so did the fact that she found herself pregnant before she'd even been in class for a month. She made it very clear that it wasn't as a result of sleeping around; she'd met a guy and had fallen in love but, when she told him she was pregnant, he disappeared...literally. He abruptly left school and she had no idea how to even reach him. Then there had been the occasion of having to tell her pious Christian parents. They had immediately yanked her out of school and she'd been under their watchful eye ever since. Getting out of the house and actually having an opportunity to socialize was almost unheard of, though they had lightened up just slightly. And while they weren't thrilled that she was pregnant, they were even less thrilled that she was planning to give their first grandchild up for adoption. So she wasn't shopping at the mall; she was just escaping the oppression of her highly critical, extremely judgmental parents.

We did talk about me a bit as I filled her in on my freshman year in college, which wasn't nearly as eventful as hers. Despite the drama that she'd experienced, the feelings I'd had for her years ago were quickly reasserting themselves. I had a suspicion that Becky was aware of it, too, based on how her demeanor toward me softened. Initially, she wasn't exactly standoffish, since she'd been the one who'd approached me, but I guess she seemed just a bit cautious, which was understandable. As time passed, however, she was even getting a bit flirtatious, which was what made me wonder if I was unknowingly wearing my heart on my sleeve.

"Whoa, look at the time," she finally said, "I better get going before the 'rents send out the infantry to find me. At least I'll be free of them for a few hours tonight. They've got some event which, fortunately, they don't want to drag me to so they won't have to answer questions about my condition."

"Why don't I walk you out to your car?" I suggested, wanting to spend more time with her if I could manage it.

"Thanks," she replied, then paused for a moment as if thinking something through, "Do you have any plans tonight? I feel like I'm cutting this short, but we can pick up where we left off later, if you're free."

"No, I've got nothing on my calendar," I told her.

"How about I call you once they leave?" she said, "I hope you don't mind sneaking around a little. I'm sure they'd have a conniption if they knew I'd just spent so much time with a boy, much less invited him into their house while they'll be gone. Even being a boy from church wouldn't make a difference."

"No, that's fine with me," I replied, hoping that, being alone in her house, we wouldn't end up just continuing our conversation.

We planned it all out as I walked her out to the parking deck and to her car. Once she'd unlocked it and opened the door, she turned back to me, maybe just to say goodbye, but I went for it and leaned in to kiss her. Fortunately, she responded positively and before I knew it, we were making out. Her arms went around my neck and mine went to her waist, her belly pressing against my abdomen, but I couldn't resist sliding my hands down to her ass. My cock was growing as we made out and I caressed her ass, but she couldn't feel it against her because her belly was in the way and I figured that was probably a good thing.

"I really should go," she finally said after pulling away from me, "but I'll see you later."

She slipped into the driver's seat and gave me one more smile before closing the door. I headed for the stairwell to get to my own car as she drove off, the threat of my cock bursting from my jeans diminishing with each step. I was on Cloud 9 because that last smile she'd given me was definitely not indicating any regret or apprehension; that smile definitely said we'd be enjoying each other's company that night.

I was in a fantastic mood as I headed home and while I killed the next few hours until I heard from her. Since the drive to her house would only take about ten minutes, we'd decided that she would call me once her parents were gone, figuring that it was unlikely they'd come back after that ten minute period. Once she gave me the "all clear," I tried to take my time in heading out, just to give her parents a bit more time in case they forgot something and had to turn around. When I finally parked, a couple of houses away as she'd requested, I was almost jittery with excitement. I'd barely rung the doorbell when she swung the door open, so I assumed that she was pretty excited, too. Once I'd stepped inside and she'd closed the door behind me, we were in each other's arms in the entryway, making out.

I'd noticed that she'd changed clothes from the shirt and pants she'd been wearing at the mall to a dress and, when I reached down to caress her ass, I discovered that she wasn't wearing any panties. This could only be taken as an extremely positive and encouraging sign. It was after only a couple of minutes that Becky backed up slightly and suggested we relocate.

"Let's go downstairs," she said, "If my parents were to return, we'd hear them and, if I couldn't sneak you out in time, I could hide you until they went to bed."

She took my hand and led me through a door, closing it behind us as we headed down the stairs into a finished basement.

"I'm going to assume that you don't have much experience with pregnancy," she said as we made our way downstairs.

"My only experience was during the nine months prior to my birth," I replied, "but I really don't remember anything about it."

"Well your first lesson is that my body is currently being blasted with hormones," she said as we approached a couch, "and I don't know if it's the same for every pregnant woman, but I've found that pregnancy makes me incredibly horny. I've been taking care of my needs all by myself for months, but I assume you'd be okay with lending me a hand."

"How about if I lend you a tongue?" I replied and had her sit on the couch as I knelt before her. She reclined back and spread her legs as I started sliding the hem of her dress up, ultimately revealing her trim, brown bush. She took the hem from me and raised it over her belly as I lowered my head and started kissing her smooth inner thighs. I worked my way closer to her pussy while alternating sides until her protruding belly loomed over me. After a quick look at how well-groomed her bush was, I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her copious juices and causing her to moan.

I'd never eaten a pussy with a protruding belly right above it so, even though she wasn't huge yet, it took a little bit of adjusting to get used to it. It occurred to me that, although I didn't believe it would be a problem, it would also require some adjustment to have sex with her and that certain positions might be out completely while others might be the most conducive to mutual pleasure. It was just a passing thought because the longer I lapped at her pussy, the louder she was moaning and the more she was rocking her hips toward my face. When I slipped a finger into her, finding her fairly snug and quite slippery, and started licking and sucking her clit, it surprised me when she suddenly started to shake as she came.

I suspected that my technique was not solely responsible for her cumming so quickly and, as I continued to eat her through that first orgasm, I figured that the hormones and her general horniness were accountable as well. She made no move to stop me when it appeared as though she'd finished cumming, so I just kept at it, licking and sucking her clit while pumping my finger in and out of her hot, wet pussy. My cock was rigid and I was looking forward to slipping it into her but I also had no problem with spending some time focused on repeatedly satisfying her. If nothing else, it would certainly take the pressure off of my performance once I did slip into her and, additionally, it would make a return invitation more likely.

It wasn't long before she came again and, as I continued to devour her pussy, she continued to cum. When she finally stopped me, I don't know if it was because it became too much for her or she just wanted to switch things up while we still had the time. In any case, she eventually started to sit up while taking my head in her hands.

"That was amazing," she said then leaned down to kiss me, "but I want your cock now."

I had no intention of arguing with her but, before I started to strip down to give it to her, I grasped the hem of her skirt from where it rested on top of her belly and raised it up over her head, revealing that she was completely naked beneath it. As I cast it aside, I leaned down to lick her hard nipples then also caressed the soft, smooth flesh of her tits. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair, but soon stopped me from doing that, as well.

"Stand up for me," she said, so I kissed her then did. As she started to open my jeans, I pulled my shirt up over my head so I'd be as naked as she was. I kicked off my shoes as she got my jeans down so that I could step out of them. Before taking down my underwear, she caressed the bulge that was threatening to break through them. When she started sliding my underwear down, my rigid tool sprung out in her face and, once my underwear hit my ankles and I was stepping out of them, she took it in her hand and slowly pumped it. I moaned softly and ran my fingers through her long, brown hair as she gently tongued the head then engulfed it fully in her mouth. She ran her mouth up and down my tool a few times, just long enough to let me know that she was a skilled cocksucker, before slipping it free and looking up at me while still pumping it.

"What do you think," she asked, "position-wise?"

Missionary was pretty much out, though I wouldn't have suggested that, anyway. I figured doggie-style would work but didn't seem very intimate for our first time. I ended up sitting on the couch and had her facing away from me, which gave me a moment to admire her sweet ass as she lowered herself onto my lap. I probably could have laid back on the couch and had her straddle me while facing me but that would also lack a bit of closeness and would make stroking her clit to help her get off a bit more difficult. I held her hips, my fingertips extending onto her belly, as she grasped my cock and guided it to her pussy. As she lowered herself onto it, we both moaned and, once it was fully embedded inside her, she sat there briefly as my hands moved up to cup her tits.

When she started to move up and down on my throbbing cock, she was initially sitting straight up with her hands resting on my knees. I continued to caress her tits as I looked down at her ass bouncing up and down on my lap. Her pussy felt just as amazing as I'd expected it would but I wasn't worried about cumming too quickly since she'd already cum several times. I also figured if her hot pussy caused me to blow my load immediately that, not only wouldn't she hold it against me, but she probably wouldn't have much difficulty getting me fired up to go again.

She started out moving slowly up and down, allowing both of us to enjoy the full embedment of my cock over and over. I savored the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my tool while fondling her tits but, because of her protruding belly, I couldn't get a hand onto her pussy to stroke her clit as I'd hoped to. Fortunately, as she'd said, she'd been taking care of her own needs for months so it didn't surprise me when she dropped her own hand down between her thighs. As she rode me harder and faster, moaning louder and longer as she did, I leaned back, releasing her titties and taking her by the waist. Each time she was coming down on my tool, I would pull down on her hips as I pushed up into her, giving her the maximum penetration I could manage.

Though I had been expecting to cum almost immediately, I was pleasantly surprised when I didn't and was able to savor the pleasure provided by her hot pussy as she continued to ride me harder and faster. I was even more pleasantly surprised when, just I was actually starting to feel the stirrings of my orgasm due to her pussy continuing to feel even better the longer she was riding me, she slammed herself down on me and started to shake. I could feel goosebumps break out all over her skin and was glad that she was having another orgasm. I was thinking that maybe we could go with doggie-style after all so I could finish up myself by fucking her good and hard, but she had other ideas.

When she'd apparently finished cumming, she stood up, my cock slipping out of her hot pussy, and turned to face me. She leaned down, her tits swinging, and kissed me as I caressed those swinging titties. As she dropped to her knees, her tits moved out of my reach but, since I had a suspicion about what was impending, I wasn't too broken up about it. Kneeling before me, she took my throbbing cock, still slick with her juices, and pumped it briefly in her fist before wrapping her lips around it. I moaned and reached out to caress her hair as she engulfed my tool in her hot mouth. I thought maybe she was going to suck my cock briefly again then we'd pick another position for further fucking but, as she continued to bob her head up and down and my orgasm continued to build, I started thinking that I'd prefer cumming in her mouth and fucking her again after a brief recovery.

She was demonstrating again that she not only had a talent for cocksucking but also appeared to be appreciative of having an opportunity to have her lips wrapped around a cock. I suppose if denied the opportunity since she'd become pregnant, the desire might have become overwhelming. She certainly seemed to be savoring having my cock in her mouth and was moaning softly as she slid her lips up and down my shaft. I was likewise savoring having her mouth sliding up and down my tool as I felt my orgasm gradually building as my cock grew even thicker. She was pumping the base as she slid her lips down as far as she could manage, which was pretty far along the length of my shaft. Her abilities weren't the only thing that providing the pleasure I was experiencing. Being able to watch her, somebody who'd I'd had such a crush on at one time, and seeing how enthusiastic she was really was a turn-on, as well.

With her considerable talents, she managed to draw out the pleasure I was experiencing, though I'm not certain that it was completely for my benefit. I was savoring the experience but ultimately reached a point where I knew I was on the verge of a momentous orgasm. As my cock swelled even more, Becky didn't let up or hesitate; she maintained her pace and, as I exploded into her mouth with a cry of pleasure, she swallowed my load and continued to suck me off. Only once I was completely spent did she let my cock fall from her mouth and raise her head to smile at me.

"That was outstanding," I told her as I caught my breath. She let go of my cock and moved up to sit beside me on the couch, leaning over to rest her head on my shoulder.

"Outstanding doesn't even do justice to the way you made me feel," she replied.

I put my arm around her and kissed her head as we sat there, naked, relishing the experience we'd just shared.

"I'm glad you're not put off by me being pregnant," she said after a bit.

"It's a new experience for me," I replied, running my hand over her belly, "but so far I really, really like it!"

We started to kiss again as I caressed her belly and brought my hands up to also fondle her tits and stimulate her hard nipples. I could feel the blood returning to my spent cock as we progressed to making out and, when she reached for it and began to stroke it, the recovery was accelerated. I ran my hand over her belly again but continued over it and between her thighs to find her pussy dripping wet once again. It was obvious that, even if I wasn't fully erect yet, I'd have no trouble slipping into her hot pussy, so I moved off of the couch to kneel in front of her and slipped my cock into her. She moaned and closed her eyes as my cock filled her again but I was watching her tits bouncing as I started to slowly thrust in and out of her. Rather than reach up and still them, I lifted and spread her legs to allow me full penetration into her sweet pussy.

I liked this position because I had a nice view of Becky's body and could also see the various looks of pleasure on her face but I knew I wouldn't be able to hold her legs up for an extended period. Aside from that, I wanted to be using my hands on her tits or my fingertips on her clit, so I knew this was not the best position I could have chosen. I suspected that she wouldn't have any issues with making a change. Before she got too close to cumming or my arms got too tired, I let her legs down and slipped out of her.

"I think I've got a better idea," I said as she opened her eyes and looked at me inquisitively. I helped her to sit up as I stood, then had her turn around, kneeling on the sofa cushions while resting her head on the back of the couch. Stepping up behind her, I caressed her ass before guiding my tool back into her. She pushed back as my girth filled her again then I took her by the hips and began to slowly fuck her again. Once I had a nice rhythm going, I moved my hands up from her waist to her swinging tits and cupped them against my palms. This was a much better position for me and, based on the noises she was making, it appeared to be doing the trick for Becky as well.
