 It's almost like a dream being here on the Island. Making it even more like a dream, he's here beside me. To just be able to turn and see his tawny hair shining in the hot August sun, his bare chest bronzing easily in this sweltering heat, his hand lazily trailing along my thigh as we laid there, on the bow of his boat.

Thirty seven months, it's been since we met by chance. Thirty seven months of the occasional stolen weekend. Thirty seven months of divorce battles waged both privately and publicly. Thirty seven months. Soon, our relationship will be going public in a whirl of paparazzi and white flashes. 

This Island vacation was a surprise for me. He'd never mentioned buying the boat but it's a beauty, sixty eight feet of luxury accommodations and a hidden staff of six. 

The best part of him buying this boat? Getting the slip, two slips down the dock from The Dead Ex's brother and his cronies. I could hear the muffled questions, the obnoxiousness in all their voices and I could only grin. The "high maintenance" in their voices, the slurs they sneered as they strutted sluttily down the dock all made me think happy thoughts. 

Here I am, beside this incredible man, hearing them snottily traipse along, knowing when they see me, especially beside him, all hell's going to break loose. I looked over at him, seeing his amber eyes sparkle with mischief, grinned. 

"Are you planning on wearing this to dinner?" he asked sliding his finger along my shoulder string of my bikini.

"No, not unless you'd like me to."

"That frothy slip thing you've got hanging by the door?"

"Yes." I watched with a widening grin, as his eyes lit, as he shifted his body over me.

"I can't wait to get you out of it." He growled, kissing me soundly, pressing his hardness into me.

"Does that mean you'd like to skip dinner?" I asked, sliding my fingers into his thick hair. 

"No. The reservations are for seven thirty. What I'd like, is to get you down in the cabin..."

"Hello?!!" We heard from the stern. I thought it may have been one of them. One of the crew met with whoever it was. Like the famously rich people did with unannounced intrusions. 

He saw me grin when I recognized the voice. Laziness is the theme for this rendezvous and neither of us gave two shits about the plastic person at the dock whining. He led me to my feet and along the bow to the salon. Neither of us was expected to be here, which made our disguises even more realistic. Rich people on vacation amongst those who think they're rich. 

His gentle tug made me snicker, as we bypassed the crew person dealing with whiny wanna be. This whole really, really rich thing is still really new to me. He's dealt with being famous for years. I'm still getting used to the idea if I want to go shopping for shoes, I can and nobody can tell me how many I can get. Money can change people in many ways, I'm learning.

He led me through the salon to the master cabin in the aft, nudging the door closed with his foot. Since we met up at the micro airport here on the Island last night, we've done little more than sleep, eat and fuck like raving maniacs. I mean, it has been three months since we've spent any time together.

His hands were making quick work of the cover up and bikini I'd had on, making them vanish. I couldn't resist him, every touch, every kiss, was a major enthrallment spell on me. This wanting, this ache, kept growing, almost overwhelming me with this need for him. 

His skin was still hot from the mid afternoon sun, as my lips cruised over his chest. Growls, soft moans filled our cabin as he took possession of me. His fingers drove me up, higher, and higher still. My fingers clutched at him as he shifted, slid inside me, completed us. 

I watched as he took me, watched his eyes fire, blaze with need, with lust as he ferociously pounded into me. I caught a glimpse of mischief, knew he would do his best to make me scream as I came, knew he'd do it just for "them" to hear, and grinned as I tried to keep my mouth shut. 

His mouth trailed from my ear, along my throat, leaving warm, moist kisses in a path. His hands kneaded, caressed, even spanked in his attempt to make me scream. Rolling around like a couple of horny teenagers landed us on the floor, laughing and still fucking. 

It seemed no matter how I tried not to, a long loud moan rode the wind as he rode me to that heavenly blissfulness. With my head up against the nightstand, and his warm body curling around the rest of me, I floated, peaceful and satisfied.

I have no idea how long we were wedged there but a discreet knock woke us from our doze. He slid his ragged cut-offs up his long, well-muscled legs, setting them on his hips, and answered the knock. It was his steward, relaying whatever the whiny wannabe wanted, and informing us of the time. 

I managed to shower and dress while he took care of this business of letting them know just who's peace they were disturbing. Kian Mc Daniels was no one to bother unnecessarily or because you think he should be your friend, because you're "rich". I heard his voice across the dock as I dressed in the silken frothy sheath he'd picked up for me. I was arranging my long, deep auburn hair into a messy, rumpled style when he returned. 

"Wow, you were right about them. The one with the plastic boobs came on to me with her old man standing right there. And the short plump one obviously doesn't think about much more than her next drink, or how to spend her husband's money." He said standing behind me as I did the spin for him. 

I'd seen him turn into a wolf before, once, but this was instant. His arms yanked me close, his mouth took mine as he snuggled me into his body. "They knew me. And they were very curious about my 'lady friend'. I think you're going to enjoy this very much, my love." I felt something slither down my chest and looked down to see an emerald and diamond pendant hanging above my breasts. "It goes with the ring." He said softly, making my eyes fly to his. 

He grinned, holding the open jeweler's box. Inside was my dream ring, multiplied by ten. A five and a half karat, solitaire cut emerald from the Atocha, set in a stunning ring of diamonds, nestled there.

He slid it onto my finger, asking what he already knew the answer for. I said yes. He knew I'd say yes, especially since he had the ring especially made. I knew this was just the beginning of our evening's festivities. 

"Oh, I did let slip where we'll be having dinner, and I think we'll be having company, for a little while anyway." I snuggled up against his bare chest, breathing him in, salt, sun, man. "And if I don't grab a shower, we'll be late." He kissed me lightly and got busy.

I wandered up to the main salon, noticing the blinds half drawn, the lights down low. I grabbed a Coke from the fridge and watched the snobs scrabbling with each other. The Dead Ex's brother, Stretch and whatever that was with him were making it difficult for everybody, as usual. 

I had to think hard to find the last time any of these people had seen me. Over three years had passed since The Ex had OD'd and I think I'd run into Prissy somewhere around town about a month after.

I'd only seen Stretch once since then, about a year ago and to see him now, the booze and pills were taking him over. My time for caring what happened to him was long over with but, I could see how much he'd changed. Just as he, and his hoity toitey pals, would see how much I'd changed. 

Like I said, money like this is still new to me. My first book got published just eight months before Gordon's overdose, and sky rocketed to the top of the best seller list. Trying to remain anonymous was impossible, so my agent remade me, weight loss, new wardrobe, The Works. 

Just before my second book came out, she sent me on my first book tour, which is where Kian and I met. I felt his arms slither around my waist, pulling me back from my thoughts. 

"Y'alright?" he whispered in my ear, brushing light kisses along my throat. I nodded; leaning back into him, feeling him support me, empower me. He turned us toward the full length mirror at the back of the room. "Look...do you see?" 

What I saw was something out of one of my stories. A pair of lovers, flushed in heat, in harmony, readying themselves, and their love, to take on the world. His hand trailed over my shoulder, down my breast, down my belly, capturing my left hand in his, enfolding the pendant in my hand, in his over my heart. I let him enfold me into him, loving the security, the sense of peace that being held like this gave. 

"You still blow my mind, my bride to be." I met his eyes again in the mirror, grinning ear to ear. "Are we ready for dinner, now?"

"Yes. One question though."

"Yes?"

"Will I be dessert later?" I asked, licking my lips, thinking ahead. I watched his grin widen, darken as he pulled my ass tight to his rock hard cock. "We could just..."

"We could but..." I saw his steel, felt him determined. "I actually am hungry." I laughed, feeling him turn me in his arms, trailing light fingertips down my back, as his mouth met mine. "C'mon, time for your premiere. Before anyone else tells you, you look amazing. Delectable."

"C'mon hungry, not that I'd mind you eating me," I said, earning me a snicker. "but you need fuel. And so do I." I laughed, wriggling from his embrace, tugging him along, at first. On the aft deck, he opened the door to the swim platform and gently crossed me over to the dock, like I hadn't spent time working the lines on boat deliveries. Mmm, kay, I guess chivalry isn't completely dead. 

I felt their eyes on me as soon as my heels hit the deck. Kian kept me to his left, his heart side he said, as we walked the gently moving dock. I knew they didn't get that good of a look as we passed by, knew they'd be following us shortly. I smiled up at Kian when we walked onto land and kissed him soundly. 

"I think tonight will be interesting at least."

"No doubt, my love." He kissed me again and led me to his chariot for the evening. Well, not a chariot but a decked out carriage.

"Seriously?" I asked, laughing. 

"Seriously. The ride into town isn't the best part. That's the ride home, with the stars overhead, and we're snuggled under that fur." He said, opening the door for me, holding his hand out for me.

"Wouldja look at that!" I heard from behind us, as I took his hand and stepped into the carriage. He climbed in beside me, nodding to the coachman/driver, and we clip clopped down the scenic road toward town.

He'd arranged for our ride in to be off the main road, our driver happily took us through the rambling neighborhood, pointing out the historic homes, adding a little history with a few spicy anecdotes thrown in, to make it interesting and enjoyable. I felt like an empress, cruising through the back streets on the way to an adventure of some sort. 

I was basking and he knew it, felt it, saw it. From the way I gently ran my fingertips along his forearm, the way I smiled for him, to the pliant draping of my body over his lap. Basking and drowning, I think, can have a lot in common. One second, I was basking in the effervescence of new love and my lover's attentions, the next I was drowning in my lover's kiss, in him. I dimly heard our driver continuing his spiel. 

"Easy, now," Kian whispered, resting his forehead against mine. "...breathe. There's my girl..." He made me smile. "I love you."

"I love you, too. And, thank you, in advance." I smiled, kissed him and snuggled under his chin. Our driver dropped us off at the top of the hill overlooking the tourist haven of town. 

We wandered slowly, hand in hand, along the brick walkway toward the restaurant, like many other lovers had done. We entered the stately mansion cum restaurant just a few minutes early for our reservation.

The maitre'd greeted us warmly and led us to a table overlooking the Atlantic and the rising cliffs north of town. A slim candle in a small hurricane lamp greeted us with our waiter right behind. We ordered drinks while we figured out the menu, making each other snicker or giggle with our terrible translations. 

We'd just had our appetizers delivered when we noticed the group being led in and seated near us. We exchanged a look and a smile. I was so glad he'd arranged most of this ahead of time and left little to chance.

We were sharing bits of this and that when I heard her voice call out to Kian. He looked over his shoulder, finding Keira Devereaux and Prissy Jackson waving from their table. Both, her husband Ben, and Harry Jackson had noticed me, slightly behind Kian, Stretch only caught a glimpse. Harry had a look on his face like he knew who I was but two and two equaled six at the moment and Stretch, well he recognized me, as soon as he got a better look, even being forty five pounds lighter and expertly made over.  

Both Prissy and Keira impressed the room with their total lack of social graces. Begging, whining for Kian's autograph, for Kian to join them, for another drink, for the waiter to hurry the fuck up with their food, sneering glares followed by hushed arguments. I laid my hand over Kian's, instantly capturing his attention.

"I'm so sorry, love, but I did warn you." I whispered in his ear. I felt his smile reach his cheek, felt his lips touch my bare shoulder. "It's time for my move, isn't it?"

"Yes, you did, but you weren't even close to how awful they are. You were too nice. And yes, it's time. Just remember this, I love watching you walk." Again, he kissed me with a smile. 

I took a deep breath and shifted, to rise from our table. On my feet, in these ridiculously high heels, I felt the silken sheath slither down to mid-thigh, felt Kian's eyes on my ass as I walked slowly to the ladies room. Inside one of the stalls I locked myself in, I tried to keep my laughter under control, snickers and snorts were escaping though.

I knew as I'd crossed the room, Stretch's eyes, along with Harry and Ben's had been fixed on me, while the two wives had been glaring knives at me. I peed, got myself under control, wiped away the mascara from under my eyes, went out to the basin, and washed my hands. I figured at least one of them would've made a bee line just for a closer look. 

As I patted the damp towel over my face the door opened, admitting Prissy. I nodded absently toward her as she went to a stall. She'd been one of Stretch's loudest supporters after Gordon's passing, deriding everything she could about me. When she'd met up with Keira, I thought the two of them would go and be busybodies together but they formed an alliance to "destroy" me.

I actually hadn't given a shit, what with holing up in a spare room in a friend's attic as I churned out story after story to finish book one. I'd only found out all this bullshit within the last six months. Though, for the last two years, their target had gone missing. I dawdled at the sink, wondering. I'd just laid my hand on the handle to open the door when she said my name.

"Dari." I turned, faced her, and kept all emotion and expression off my face, like a modest and demure empress must. 

I wondered just how big she was going to go with her boobs. I wondered what sinfully decadent dessert Kian would order for us. I wondered why people had to enhance their already beautiful selves with plastic and bullshit to make others like them. I wondered how many times Kian would make me come tonight. 

"Yes, Prissy."

"I didn't believe Stretch when he said it was you."

"He would know."

"He's lucky he knows his name." She snorted. At this, I could say nothing. Stretch's problems were just that, and nothing could help him. "So, how did you latch onto Kian Mc Daniels?"

"Haven't a clue, honestly. Just luck I guess." I ran my left hand through my hair, pulling a few wisps down, making the emerald sparkle. 

I saw her eyes fixate on it, the matching pendant, knew envy was beating in that miniscule excuse for a heart she had, knew that as soon as she got back to her table all kinds of hell was going to break loose. 

"I've got to get back. It was nice running into you." I smiled as sweetly as I could, and left her there. Kian's eyes and his smile were all I focused on as I walked across the room again, took my seat beside him, accepted his tender kiss when I settled in. "Hello, love. And now, we wait and we watch."

"You're enjoying this." His eyes sparkled with humor.

"I wasn't sure I would." I said, sipping from the fresh Appletini before me. "And this is just the beginning."

"It is. How far should we let them go?" Kian leaned over, offering me a bite of something chocolaty. I played it to the hilt, seductively, taking that bite and several more, off his fork, knowing they were watching us. We dawdled over the last crumbs and coffee, snuggling and whispering. 

Kian took care of the bill, and rose to lead me from the room, just barely nudging Stretch's chair. True to form, Stretch exploded, yelling, howling, and throwing stuff. He'd cocked a fist back to punch Kian, when Harry and Ben knocked him to the floor. 

The maitre'd rushed over to us, profusely apologizing until Kian stuffed a bill in his shirt pocket and asked him to lead us out. From outside, we saw more wait staff rushing in. 

"C'mon, let's go for a walk until it's time for our carriage ride home." Kian murmured in my ear, tucking me under his arm, leading me down the hill. "That was quite the performance. Do you think there'll be an encore later on at the boat?"

"Depends on a lot of things, too many things, maybe, maybe not. Either way, we're prepared."

"Any of them into damaging boats?"

"Not that I'm aware of. Don't worry. Ben would probably fix whatever damage Stretch did free of charge anyway."

"I think I need a tequila shot...or four." Kian mumbled, pulling me tight against him. "And music to dance with you, my bride to be. Did I happen to mention just how incredible your legs are in those shoes?"

"Hmmm, no love, you didn't." I had to laugh. "And I think we can find that, groom to be." 

We walked down the red brick sidewalk, mingling incognito with the multitudes of tourists, just another pair of lovers who can't keep their hands off each other, ambling along to find the perfect dive bar.

We chose it for the tiki torches, the dangling skull lights and the plastic chairs, as well as the music pumping out of the speakers, and the double shots of Patron. We drank. We danced. We enacted foreplay on the dance floor, at the bar for more shots.  

At some point, somebody joined us, a friend of his from Nashville, just in for the night. We got him drunk and happy with us. Kian and Blaze closed that bar with an impromptu acapella concert. Another bar along the line took us in, singing and dancing, drinking. My head was spinning with too much tequila and all the dancing, so I rested it on Kian's chest for a minute. I felt his arms slide tighter around me. 

"Mmmm, my bride to be." I heard him murmur against my ear. I opened my eyes, gazed up at him, seeing a halo of light around his head.

I felt him kiss me, felt myself open up to this kiss, felt my heart flying, felt him holding me like a precious gift. 

"I think our carriage awaits, my empress. We should probably drop Blaze off on the way." I nodded against his chin, as he led me outside. Just down the hill, our carriage sat, horses patiently waiting. Kian danced me down, in long swooping spins and slow slides down his body. "You're really going to marry me."

"I know." 

"How soon?" he asked, sliding me down him. Blaze clapped in appreciation of his dance moves. 

"Now?" I answered, lost in his deep amber pools. 

"Jake?"

"Yes, sir?"

"Is there a justice of the peace on this rock?" Kian asked, looking up at Jake, our driver, as he thought. "And if there is, will he marry us right now?"
