 When my professor announced that we would be doing a project with partners, I was less than enthused. You normally end up doing all the work yourself, or arguing endlessly, but when the professor read through the list and partnered me with Miranda I perked up a bit. Miranda was probably slightly above average on societies scale, but to me she was gorgeous. I guessed her to be about 5 foot 6, and maybe 140 pounds. She had a fairly flat tummy, wide hips that swayed in just the right way when she walked away, and tits that were at least D's. She had dark red hair down to her mid chest and she normally wore glasses, the type a librarian from my fantasies might wear. 

When it came time, she walked over and sat next to me while the rest of the class got together to speak about their projects. We spent maybe 15 minutes talking over the project, which she seemed genuinely excited about. She had so many good ideas and anytime I brought up an idea she exclaimed her agreement and gave me a big smile, which I realized was her best feature. Being in class every day I had never gotten the chance to see her smile, and I felt conflicted about it now. I was sad that I had never gotten to experience her smile, but at the same time I was beyond ecstatic that I was experiencing it firsthand now. Class was going to end soon and I had to get to my next class so we decided to exchange numbers and get together later to work on the paper. We left the class together and went separate ways, but I couldn't help but look behind me to catch a glimpse of those glorious hips swaying. Instead of the view of her hips I had expected, she was looking back at me, and as our eyes met we shared a bit of a chuckle and waved goodbye. 

My next class started but I was having a hard time concentrating. My mind just kept replaying the view of her walking away while looking back at me with that amazing smile. I'm sure I looked like I was stoned because every few minutes I would space out and smile like a crazy person, but I didn't care. About 30 minutes into the class I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. Upon taking it out I noticed it was a text from Miranda, that said; 

I just wanted to let you know that I've had 

a bit of a crush on you all semester 

I was completely surprised. I wasn't ugly but I also wasn't the best looking guy on campus, and to have this goddess admit that she had a crush on me made my ego swell about three times as large, among other things swelling. I carefully chose my response so that I wouldn't scare her off; 

No way! I've had a massive crush on you all semester 

but I was too scared to approach you 

I waited eagerly for her response, checking my phone every few seconds. At this point the professor's lecture was completely forgotten and ignored, so it was a bit of a surprise when I started seeing my classmates get up to leave. I packed up my books and papers and walked out to my car, checking my phone once I got there. No text. I was beginning to worry that I had come on too strong, or maybe she had been playing a joke on me, or maybe she was just busy. I tried to calm down and just drive back to my apartment, telling myself that she was probably just busy, she'll text. Even if it's a bad response, she will text eventually. Finally about 20 minutes after I got home my phone chimed, with her text; 

Meet me at Centerfolds tonight at 9, I'll 

be inside 

Her text took me completely by surprise, as Centerfolds was a strip club across town. I had no clue why she would want to meet there, besides being dark and a horrible place to do a project. Maybe she was bisexual and this was her idea of a fun night. Maybe she was playing a prank on me. I replied; 

Did your phone autocorrect that? 

Nope, Centerfolds the strip club. 9 PM 

Alright 

Around 7:30 I took a shower and shaved, put on a decent outfit and combed my hair. On a whim I grabbed two tiny bottles of vodka from the cabinet on my way out. I made my way across town and got to the club about 15 minutes early. I didn't want to be late but I also didn't want her to walk in and see me ogling the dancers with my pants in a tent, so I waited until about 5 til. I downed both shots of vodka and then walked inside. I was looking around for Miranda, trying to not to linger on the dancers too much, when I saw her walk over from the bar. She was wearing a punk rock skirt and a plaid bra with buckles on it. Her hair was done up in some kind of a bun and she was wearing those glasses of hers. With black leather boots up to her knees, she walked over to me and smiled at the dumbfounded look on my face. She was by far the sexiest woman I had ever seen and I was incapable of moving or even speaking. She gave me a little hug and explained to me, 

"I work here, and there's not many people from school who know so please keep it quiet". 

I let her guide me to the bar and managed to find my voice so that I could order a soda. This was a full nude strip club so they couldn't serve alcohol. I turned to her and couldn't help but look her up and down, which she quickly laughed at. I told her, 

"When you said to meet here I never expected this, but I am sooo not disappointed." 

We chatted near the bar for a few minutes while she explained that she had started working here to pay school tuition and rent. We talked for maybe 20 minutes about anything and everything, but then she bit her lip and looked to be mulling something over in her head. I asked what was wrong and instead of an answer she asked me, 

"How much money do you have? I've always wanted to do something but they won't let me do it for free. If you pay, I'll give it back to you tomorrow, after the club takes their 20%" 

I didn't have much cash on me but I noticed there was an ATM. I motioned towards it and asked, 

"How much do you think it'll take?" 

At this point I was beyond caring why she needed the money or what it was that she wanted to do. I would have reached into my chest and ripped my still-beating heart out of my chest if she asked me to. She thought for a minute and then answered, 

"About $200 should do it, although I don't expect it will take that long." 

'Take that long'? What was she talking about? Nevertheless I walked with her to the ATM and pulled out $200 while she looked the other way. She led me to a counter with a guy standing behind it and a long hallway next to it. He looked at me and said, 

"Lap dances are $40 per song, no touching the dancers' privates under any circumstance, touching their chest is not allowed unless they explicitly agree to it. Keep it in your pants and respect the dancer." 

I agreed, not really knowing what he meant by $40 per song, and let Miranda lead me to one of the booths, where I sat down and took a good look at the gorgeous woman in front of me. The skirt was short and I could see a tiny hint of her ass cheeks peeking out. Every part of me wanted to reach up and touch her, any part of her. She stood there smiling and adjusted her top, swaying her hips a bit to the music. When a new song began, she started to dance for me and I realized she had been waiting for a new song to start. 

It started out like a normal lap dance, with her brushing my face with her cleavage, grinding and twerking in front me, swaying her hips while she stripped agonizingly slowly. When she finally released her big tits from their bra, I audibly gasped at their magnificence. They were bigger than I thought and had the most perfect oval areolas with nipples that just begged to be sucked and nibbled. She smiled at me and then glanced down at my lap, which was very obviously trying to hide a boner under the fabric. She bent over at the waist and whispered in my ear, 

"Act natural, I could get fired for what I'm about to do". 

As she straightened up I noticed that she had pulled her thong down to her knees. She turned around and bent over as far as she could, giving me a full unhindered view of her tight asshole and pink pussy lips. She let her thong drop to the floor and then straddled me while facing away. I would have been impressed by this feat of acrobatics, but I was too busy admiring every square inch of her body. She again bent down so that she could shake her ass in my face. I thought I was seeing her pussy get a bit wet, but right then the attendant walked by the doorway and glanced at us, making sure I was behaving. Right after he left I felt Miranda's hand on my zipper, working to unzip my pants. I was shocked but I wasn't about to stop what was happening. She wrestled my hardon out of my pants and quickly sat down so that her skirt covered it from view. It was now pressed firmly against her ass and pussy, and I could tell that she was downright soaked. She leaned back into me and rested her head on my shoulder, whispering, 

"Touch me, touch me everywhere but my crotch so you don't get thrown out". 

I immediately went for her glorious tits, covering them both with my hands. She moaned and adjusted her hips a bit, letting my dick slide into her cunt an inch or two. Again she leaned all the way forward, giving me a view of my cock splitting open her dripping wet pussy. The angle was perfect in that it gave me a great view and hid everything from the attendant's view, but it only allowed a few inches of me to be inside her. Despite being limited on our penetration, we were both enjoying it immensely. Her opening was thrusting slowly on the unerside of my cock head and her clit was rubbing on the bottom. I could tell that she was enjoying it because she was literally dripping wet, I could feel it running down my balls. 

I was thoroughly enjoying it but her arms must have gotten tired so she sat up and quickly closed her legs between mine. This would hide our activities from view, but it also had the advantage of pressing my dick fully into her. The attendant walked by again and we both tried to act as natural as you can while getting a lap dance. After he left she starting riding me hard and slow, grinding herself on my dick. Not thrusting, but just moving her hips back and forth toward my knees and chest. I reached around again and fondled her tits while she leaned farther back and rested her head on my shoulder. I felt the beginnings of my orgasm, and quickly told her, 

"You gotta stop or I'm gonna cum." 

But instead of stopping she continued to grind on my dick slowly and whispered back, 

"Mmmmmm, good, because I'm not going to stop." 

After her approval I stopped trying to hold back and simply enjoyed the experience. Her fiery hot pussy clamped down on my rock hard dick. Her big tits held firmly in my hands. Her hands caressing the back of my head while she nuzzled into my head. I could tell she was having a hard time staying quiet. Before long I grabbed her firmly and pulled her down onto me, my cock spewing forth the biggest load of cum I think I've ever produced deeply inside her. She gave one last muffled moan as she finished her orgasm, and I could feel her hot juices gush out around my shaft. We stayed perfectly still for a minute, until the attendant walked by again and made a funny face at us. It must have looked strange for her to be perfectly still while I covered her tits with both hands. Luckily he didn't stop though and as soon as he was gone Miranda and I shared a relieved laugh. 

She got up and turned around, squatted down with her knees held together, grabbed her thong and at the same time sank my drenched dick into her throat up to the hilt. Before I had a chance to object or complain about it being too tender, she created a surprising amount of suction and pulled off my dick in one fluid motion. She licked her lips and then quietly scolded me, 

"Well, put your dick away!" 

I snapped out of my stupor over her amazing final act of cleaning my dick off, and quickly stuffed my cock back in my pants. Once we were presentable we walked together arm in arm to the counter where I paid. It had actually only taken 4 songs, which meant we were only back there for 12 minutes or so. It had felt both like an eternity and like a blink of an eye. After I paid, Miranda hugged me and whispered to me, 

"I'm going to go clean up, I'll see you tomorrow right?" 

I nodded my affirmation and stood there while she walked away. She still had that hip sway that I loved, but something was different about the way she was walking. I realized that she was trying to hold my cum in so that she didn't leave a trail across the club. I laughed at the thought as I made my way outside.