 "Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking!"

( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) ( o ) 

*****

Six months had passed since I'd met Missy's Mom, Catherine Roberts, Kate as she had asked me to call her. Like Mother, like Daughter: Missy possessed a magnificent figure. A true 48-24-36. And at only 5 feet tall, with a slender almost teenager like body she filled a mind boggling 32 P cup bra! But because she was so full and round, the tag read 32-NNN. I knew because I was the accountant at the firm where she had her custom made bras constructed. Yikes!

And her Mom? Older, of course, and a little taller. But not much. And bigger. Mrs. Roberts needed every trick known to the experts at Burns & Adrian to corral her 58 inch bust line. And while she was three or four inches taller than Missy, her hips and waist measurements were the same, 36 and 24! Her under bust measurement was also the same, 26 inches. Add the standard 5 inches to calculate the body band would suggest 31 inches. But bras only use even numbers for some reason. So both women used a 32 inch body band. Missy with her unbelievable 32-Triple N cup bras did not even come close to filling Kate's 32-Z cup brassieres. And like Missy, because of her fullness, the rounded nature of her breasts the tag for Moms hooter halters read 32-VVVVV. YIKES! With nipples that matched her mammoth mountains, Kate was one of a kind.

And she liked me. In "that" way! The first time we met she had offered me the chance to pay adoration to her majestic mammaries until she had had an orgasm. Yes, she could cum just by having her nipples and breasts played with. She had then redefined the phrase "Tit Fuck" for me in a demonstration that had me splashing her vast tits in minutes.

The second time I had met her she jacked me off under the table in a popular restaurant while Missy was in the Ladies Room. Twice! And all the time I was again kneading, squeezing, pulling, pushing, foundling and playing with breasts that occupied every inch of her upper body.

After that episode I swore off of any contact with Kate. I truly loved Missy. And she had more than enough boob for a breast addict like myself, didn't she? She sure did. After all, how many women do you know that measure themselves in feet? Five feet tall, four foot bust, three foot hips and two feet that the waist. So I was done with Kate! Done!

And so far I'd managed to not get entangled with her. I made sure that I was never alone with her. And when we got together I made sure that Missy was between me and her Mom. I'm sure that Mom knew what I was doing but she never made a fuss. I hoped that what had happened between us was in the past.

Missy and I were living together now and as much time as we spent together, I still wished we could be together even more. Every time I saw her, I reacted in the same way. She turned me on like crazy. Although she rarely made the first move in the sack we were really good together.

When we made love it was always great! From my point of view, looking down at Missy, watching as her giant boobs bounced and shook was always exciting. And the few times that she took charge and rode me it was mind melting to see those gigantic tits bounce and slap against each other! If, every once in a while, I pictured what her Mom would look like with an additional ten inches of breast meat flopping around, unrestrained, well, that was just a passing fancy. I didn't have to worry about it, really.

We did finally set the date.

If you haven't been involved with planning a wedding let me warn you: the groom's job is to nod his head, agree with whatever is proposed and try to stay the hell out of the way!

That was my plan and for the most part it worked fine. 

The ceremony went off without a hitch. Missy looked freaking amazing! One thing about getting married; the bride is allowed, practically encouraged, to dress in such a way as to show all the guys what they would never have a chance at any more! Missy certainly succeeded in that regard!

Missy had never been a showoff. She had an amazing figure. And I was one of the few who knew it. But when she was at the head of the aisle in church, walking toward me, everyone knew how amazing her body was. You could hear jaws dropping through out the church. Those forty-eight inch boobs were showcased by the off the shoulder dress. The neckline was so low cut I didn't understand how her nipples could remain hidden! After swooping down to her twenty four inch waist the dress clung tightly to her thirty four inch hips and then flared out dramatically. She looked like an overly abundant Barbie doll in a wedding dress.

We both smiled at each other during the whole ceremony. Love struck was exactly the right phrase.

At the reception I danced the first dance with Missy, then we snacked a while as guests came up and offered congratulations. I saw more than a few guys take a long gaping look at the massive cleavage and giant mounding breasts that Missy was showcasing. I wasn't sure how she would react to all the attention. But she fooled me. She enjoyed the attention. A few times I saw her kind of showing off, taking a few deep breathes to make her boobs expand to even greater size for the entertainment of this guy or that. I'd never seen her do that before. And the reaction she got was all that you would expect. More than once I was congratulated by some disbelieving fellow that had known Missy long before I had met her. But I was going to be the one handling those huge tits at the end of the day. Lucky me!

After a couple of hours Missy went up to the suite to nap and change. We were flying to the Caribbean in the morning. She wanted to be fresh for the trip and she had had a few glasses of wine.

Roland had given the bride away from his wheelchair. And he had left immediately thereafter. He was weakening day by day and the least bit of exertion left him trembling with exhaustion. But he had insisted that he be the one to give away his little girl.

Mrs. Roberts returned from getting Roland settled into their suite and sat next to me at the head table. I shifted my chair away from her a little and turned to smile at my new Mother-in-law. She was smiling placidly at me. But I was still nervous. Was she going to try something here? At my wedding reception?

Seemingly not. Her hands stayed in her lap, not mine. We chatted for a while and then she asked me for a dance. Seemed a reasonable thing to do so I agreed.

She was dressed in a light blue full length gown. Her cleavage tastefully displayed under a semi fitted jacket. Very elegant.

As she stood up she doffed the jacket and left it on her chair. Underneath she sported a sweetheart neckline dress that gripped her tightly from the waist up and draped gracefully from the hips downward. Her shoulders were bare. Most of her back was bared. How her breasts were supported was a complete mystery. But there they were. Sitting high and sticking so far out in front of her.

Grabbing me by the hand she led me onto the dance floor. There were a lot of other people dancing around us. I doubt if anyone else saw what happened next.

Smirking into my eyes Missy's Mom put her hands on her hips, arched her back toward me and inhaled strongly. Her boobs rose and rose. They climbed up from under her neckline. More and more breast flesh was exposed to my stunned amazement. Her tits were insanely large!

As she moved gracefully into my arms Mrs. Roberts, Kate, mashed her 58 inch chest against me. I could feel her tits slide across my chest and I swear they wrapped around me! Still smiling proudly, she shimmied her upper body so I could feel her fulsome endowments move against me.

"I so want to take this opportunity," she purred, "to welcome you to the bosom of our family." Her voice dripped with promise as she continued to move in my arms. She pressed herself even more tightly against me as we shifted positions on the dance floor. Her hand started to drift downward. 

Looking down between us, all I could see was breast flesh and cleavage. I had danced with Missy earlier. This was another experience entirely. At our first meeting Kate had bragged that she had a fifty eight inch bust line. It seemed that she might be even larger. Missy measured 48 inches. I'd done the measuring myself. But the boobs quivering between us seemed much more than 10 inches larger!

"Missy and I wear the same body band for our bras you know. But my bust is inches larger than hers." She was again smirking at me. "I was blessed with Missy when I was eighteen. I'm forty now, just entering my sexual prime." Her voice seemed to come from a distance. She was pulling me to her and whispering into my ear. "When I was Missy's age I was proud to have a 40 inch bust. I measured 40-22-32. I've gained a little weight, but most of it has gone to my bosom." She pressed herself against me even more tightly. "Each year I gain an inch or so, up top." Her eyes dropped significantly before smirking at my amazed expression. "Every year. Another few years and I'll be as big around the bust as I am tall!

"And do you want to know something even more amazing? Missy is growing too. Even faster than I am! We had to let out her dress last week so she wouldn't fall out of it! She measures almost 50 inches now. She'll catch up to me in a few years, I bet!" She didn't seem upset at the thought.

"But I know her. She's still uncertain of herself, sexually. She hasn't realized how lucky she is. I've been talking to her, trying to tell her that she's so very fortunate in so many ways. And how important it is that she embrace the changes that she's going thru. And how lucky she is to have found a man like you. Someone who will enjoy her more and more. I don't think she believes me. Yet. But she will, I know it."

While she had been talking to me she had continued to use every part of herself to bring me to a full blown hard on. Her massive breasts massaged me from waist to mid chest. Every once in a while she would slide down a little and I could feel her tits press against my groin. She would rock her body back and forth, making her boobs caress me. My arms , reaching down to her waist, were about the only thing that prevented her from completely enveloping my torso. 

Looking down again I was amazed that I could see no sign of her dress at all! I was looking at her tits and cleavage. More of each than any three of the other women in the room could produce combined! Yikes!

"I know how Missy can be. If you ever need any, um, relief, I want you to feel free to come to me. I want to help you any way I can," she cooed. The available services seemed obvious as she moved her hips, caressing my groin with hers. My hard on had sprouted while were dancing. And it was not going down now that she was pressing herself full length against me.

"Missy will eventually catch me up. But for now, well, I know how much you love big, big breasts. And I know mine are the biggest titties you have seen. Getting larger, too!" she laughed. "And I don't want you to be embarrassed by admiring my figure! I'm very proud of how I look. And I want you to feel free to admire how I look. How I fit in my clothes with my big boobs!"

As the song ended she pulled back and somehow managed to pull her dress up and return to a measure of modesty. Leading me back to the table she watched me collapse into my seat. 

Bending over she cupped my hard on, remarking, "Save this for Missy. But remember who inspired it."

She was gone before I could think of a reply.

That night Missy dealt with that erection and two more that she inspired. She seemed focused on pleasing me as seldom before. I loved it.

The next day we left for our two week honeymoon.

Two weeks of sun, sand, salt water. Two weeks of couples massage, tanning on the private patio of our private cottage, wandering around the picturesque island. Two weeks of sex with the sexiest woman I knew. One of the sexiest women I knew. 

Missy seemed to have a great time too. At first she wore a one piece swim suit. But she noticed that all the other women were wearing bikinis. So she bought a two piece. And she admitted that she liked the way she got attention in it. And why not? There wasn't another woman on the island that had her figure, as I pointed out to her.

So then she got a bikini. And then yet another. By the end of our trip she was practically naked. Wearing the smallest imaginable thong which exposed both of her tight little cheeks, cut so low that she had to shave herself. And the top consisted of two tiny scraps of cloth that were attached by a thin, almost invisible string. Her nipples were barely covered. Hints of her aureoles could be seen peeking out from behind the cloth. She was showing more boob than any other woman at the resort. She seemed to glow all the time. The attention she got when she went out seemed to spur her on. Our sex was hot and spontaneous. And she was taking charge more often.

"Did you see the way those men were staring," she would ask me as she slipped out of the skin tight blouse that was cut THIS low. "They couldn't take their eyes off me. I swear!" She acted annoyed. But the way she dragged me to bed delivered a very different message. She was HOT!

I was in heaven.

And then we went back to the States.

As we unpacked I noticed that she was tossing out her new swim wear.

"I can't believe I acted like that," she explained when I asked. "You must think I'm some kind of slut. Well, I'm done with that! I should act like a respectable married woman now."

"Well," I replied, "Not all the time, I hope."

I couldn't persuade her. All those sexy, lovely outfits got tossed.

Two hours later her Mom called. Roland had died while we were away. She had waited to tell us so that we would enjoy ourselves. It wasn't a surprise. If anything it was a surprise that he had lived as long as he had. 

Missy was unconsolable. She cried for days. All I could do was to hold her and try to be an anchor for her. She took a leave from her job and just moped around the house. She would call me at work and just cry over the phone. It got worse and worse. I was really worried about her. 

The Doctor suggested that I find a way to spend more time with her or to at least make sure that she was not left alone. We even considered having her hospitalized. 

We moved in with her Mom. The house was too empty, Katie said. And having the two women together in the house did seem to help Missy.

But it didn't help me. Missy was never in the mood for sex now. All the fun that we had had on our honeymoon seemed to have vanished from her memory. She didn't even like to cuddle any more. She would respond if I insisted. But she seemed uninvolved to say the least. And after that marvelous honeymoon it was a bummer to lie on top of her unresponsive body. So sex was not happening. I even jacked off in the shower a couple of times. Just to get some relief.

Doctor had prescribed sleeping pills and mood elevating meds for Missy. But I didn't trust her with them. I was afraid that she would OD. So I kept them and gave them to her on a schedule. And at night I made sure that she didn't drink before she went to bed. Or, if she did, I didn't give her any pills. Everyone was unhappy. Missy was really a mess. I was not too far behind her and Kate seemed to echo our mood.

Kate had known how ill Roland was. So she was probably less affected than Missy. She started to try to talk Missy through her grief. I would see them talking all the time.

One night, another frustrating night, I went to the kitchen to make a snack. Missy had taken a sleeping pill. They knocked her out and left me high and, well, dry. If you get my drift.

I had just sat down to my omelet when Kate came in.

"Oh, sorry," she said. "I didn't know you were here. I can come back." She was wearing a modest robe, tied at the waist.

"No, stick around, I said. "I could use the company. Missy took another of her pills and she'll be out until morning." 

"Oh, that's too bad. I was going to grab a salad as a midnight snack." She opened the fridge door. 

Despite the robe she had on there was enough light from the fridge that I could see the outline of her massive boob as it hung below her as she reached for the salad.

"Do you want anything else?" she asked as she half turned toward me. Her colossal breasts swung gently with her movement and started to loosen her belt.

"I'm fine, thanks," I replied, trying to pull my gaze away from those gigantic melons. How could they ride so high and proud with out a bra I wondered.

Kate turned to close the door and then pirouetted toward the table. As she turned her robe was caught in the closing door and jerked her whole body. With a shriek of dismay she lost control of the salad bowl and fell backward into my lap!

Salad went everywhere. And as she surveyed the wreckage I found my self holding my sexy as hell Mother-in-Law. In fact my left arm was around her slender back while my right arm was stretched across her immense bust. My right hand barely reached to the far side of her left boob. I could feel her firm softness from my wrist to my shoulder and even further.

It took a moment for me to realize that I was holding a naked from the waist up, sexy as hell Mother-in-Law. I was holding two of the biggest tits ever in my arms. Well, not so much holding as supporting. They rested heavily on my arm. 

I slowly lifted my eyes from all that bulging breast flesh.

Kate was looking at me. Her eyes were the first to break our look. They slipped down to my lips and her lips swiftly followed. Her arms wrapped around me, her boobs pushed heavily against me as she ground herself to me. Our lips were locked together as her hands feathered thru my hair.

Both of us were breathing heavily as our kiss continued. Her butt was slipping and sliding against my now full blown hard-on. I felt, as well as heard, her moan. I was making no effort to escape. It had been since before the end our honeymoon that Missy and I had had sex. And I was holding the only woman I had ever known who could match or exceed Missy in every regard!

And she was squirming in my lap, pushing her tongue down my throat while groaning in lust. What would you have done?

Yeah, I'm weak too!