 *This is my first story. Feel free to leave comments and suggestions. Thanks!

The whistle finally blew and Michael began to walk towards the fence. After everyone one of these hard practices, he asked himself if a scholarship running track was even worth it.

As he sat down against the fence to get his sweats on, his best friends Alex and Darnell walked up already dressed.

"Hey Mike, are you going to study hall now? Or are you going to eat first?" asked Alex.

"I'm gonna stay out here and stretch for a bit. My legs are so tight right now. If I don't stretch out I will hate myself tomorrow," replied Michael. 

"Besides Darnell, didn't coach say you have to go straight to study hall from practice because you're a dumb ass and your grades suck?"

Darnell glared at him with mock anger. "Hey, not all of us can have a fake ass major like English you jack ass. Some of us actually have to work for good grades."

"Yeah well you obviously aren't working for those grades with that 2.4 gpa you're sporting right now," laughed Michael. "Besides, with my English major I will..."

"You'll be able to become a teacher and impact the next generation. Blah blah blah. Heard it all before. Whatever posterboy. We're going to eat. Besides, I'm not worried about coach. He isn't gonna do shit. He's all talk." Darnell pointed towards the other side of the track. "I don't think he will be focused on me anyway. Not with Megan pissing him off again."

Michael turned around to see what Darnell was talking about. Down on the other side of the track, Megan Rose was in another one of her heated arguments with Coach Davis. She probably had more potential than anyone on the team but because she was so damn stubborn and uncoachable, that potential would never develop. There was no one on the team that he didn't like except for her.

"Anyway, we're outta here. Catch up with us when you're done" Alex said, snapping Michael out of his thoughts.

"Alright. I'll see you in a bit."

As Alex and Darnell walked off, Michael finished getting his sweats on and started to stretch. After about 10 minutes had passed, Coach Davis stormed off towards the offices and Megan began to head towards where Michael was stretching. Realizing that Megan's bag and clothes were over by him, Michael cursed himself for not moving somewhere else. He looked up as Megan walked past him. As their eyes met for a moment, she scowled at him.

"What the hell are you looking at?" she demanded as she grabbed her bag.

"Nothing but a waste of talent" Michael quipped.

"What did you just say?!" she asked, whirling back around with fury on her face.

"I know I didn't stutter," said Michael as he continued to stretch. "Wouldn't it be better for you to just admit it than argue about it?"

Walking up to Michael, Megan pushed him backwards.

"You need to watch your damn mouth." She said as Michael caught himself on the fence.

He straightened up and stood up in front of Megan. To anyone who was watching this exchange, right about now is probably when things started to look foolish. 

Michael was well aware of the fact that he was not a small guy. Standing at 5'11" and weighing a solid 210 of pure muscle, he probably looked like he was picking a fight with a child. Megan stood a petite 5'2 and couldn't weigh more than 115.

"Or what Megan?" Michael asked as he stood in front of her. 

Megan's face tightened and all of a sudden one of her balled fists flew at Michael. Shocked but unworried, he caught her tiny fist in his hand, pulled her into his body while spinning her around and pinned her against his chest. Upon being trapped, she started to kick and wiggle trying to get free. Michael lifted her off of the ground to take away her base and let her kick and fight. After a few moments, Megan realized her predicament and stopped squirming.

Michael leaned down next to Megan's ear.

"Look you little pain in the ass, I don't like you and you don't like anyone. I don't want you talking to me anymore. The problem is, you're too stubborn to comply just because I want you to. So here's the deal" he said. "We're gonna race. 100 meters. I will give you a 15 meter head start. If I win, you leave me the hell. You don't talk to me, you don't look at me, you don't think about me. You just leave me the hell alone. If you win, you can have whatever you want."

The one thing that Michael knew about Megan was that she was far too competitive for her own good and couldn't turn down a bet. He would finally rid himself of her once and for all.

Megan started squirming again trying to break free of his grasp. As she did, her ass pressed back into Michael's crotch. There was not much separating them since all she was wearing was a pair of tiny shorts and a sports bra. All he had on as a pair of shorts a tank top. Feeling himself quickly start to get hard, Michael let go to Megan and pushed her away from him. He hoped that she hadn't had time to feel the effect she had on him. If she did, there was no indication from her. She calmly turned around and appeared to be contemplating his offer. Michael turned around and readjusted his dick in his pants while acting like he was grabbing something from his bag.

"Deal."

"What?" he said turning around.

"I said you have a deal." Megan repeated. "Let's go." And with that, she started walking towards the start line for their race.

As she walked away, Michael couldn't help but stare at her ass. Even though she had a small body, she had a tight, curvy ass and full, perfect sized tits that looked to be around 34B. Until now, he had never paid any attention to her body. He could see himself now bending her over his bed and slamming his dick into her wet and waiting pussy while she screamed his name. His dick got even harder as he followed behind her to the start line. 

When they got there, she turned around and said "Get your sweats off and let's go."

Michael paused for a moment. "You head 15 meters up to your start line while I get ready."

Megan gave him a look but walked towards her line. Michael breathed a sigh of relief as he pulled his sweats down. He was almost fully hard and was willing with all of his might for his dick to go down. Hopefully she wouldn't be able to notice from up the track.

She turned around and yelled "are you ready yet?"

Giving himself one last moment to calm down, he gave her a thumbs up.

"Ready!"

"Set!"

"...GO!"

And with that they took off down the track. He quickly began to close the distance between them. By the time there were only 50 remaining meters, he was fairly confident that he had it in the bag. Then all of a sudden, her speed began to dramatically increase and he stopped gaining ground on her. With 25 meters to go he was 2 steps behind her and doing everything in his power to catch up. Jesus she was fast. He had never seen her try this hard even in actual races! 10 to go, then 5 and then it was over as she lunged across the line mere tenths of a second faster than him. 

Holy shit. He had lost. Thank God no one had been around to see that. He turned back and saw Megan walking across the track towards the equipment shed.

"Where are you going?!" he yelled between labored breaths.

"Shut up and follow me" was the reply that she yelled back. 

Cursing himself, Michael jogged to catch up and then walked beside her in silence until they got to the shed. He glanced over at her as she walked and noticed the sweat trickling down her toned body. He snapped his gaze away but the damage was done as he felt a stirring in his shorts. They reached the shed and he sat down on a stool. Megan stood looking at him with her hands on her hips for a moment before speaking.

"A deal is a deal, right?"

Michael nodded dejectedly.

"And the deal was for whatever I want, right?"

Again he nodded.

She walked up to him, reached between his legs and grabbed his semi-hard cock. 

"I want to know what you keep thinking about that has this thing so active."

Shocked as hell, he jumped back. "What the fuck?"

"Hey!" she yelled angrily. "A deal is a deal. I don't have to explain myself. Answer my damn question."

Michael's head flashed back to him fucking her from behind and his dick grew fully hard once again. This time is was painfully obvious to Megan.

"That right there, what is on your mind?"

"Well," Michael said. "If you really want to know, I'm thinking of fucking your sexy body from behind while I bend you over my bed."

Michael waited for her to unleash a verbal assault on him but she was silent for a moment before speaking.

"You think my body is sexy, huh?" she said as she came over and plopped down in his lap. "Well you said I get anything I want, right? I want you to take me right here and right now." And with that she began to kiss hit sweaty neck. It only took a moment for Michael to get over his shock as he wrapped his arms around her sexy little body and pulled her over to kiss him. 

Their tongues locked as the kissed, his hands exploring her body and her hands tearing at his shirt. His hands glided across her body as sweat dripped from the both of them in the heat of the shed. He pulled her sports bra up and she lifted her arms to allow him to get it off. Michael tossed it across the shed and stood up with her legs wrapped around his waist, still kissing. He slammed her roughly up against the wall of the shed and began to kiss down her neck, biting and licking as he went. She moaned as he kissed his way down to her breasts and took a nipple in his mouth. He flicked it with his tongue before switching to lightly nibbling on it. He readjusted his arms and slid his hands up her shorts to grip her ass. She tossed her head back in ecstasy as he switched to the other nipple and sucked it roughly. 

She reached down and grabbed the bottom of his shirt to lift up. When Michael didn't move quickly enough, she found a hole and tore the shirt open across his back before completely ripping it off of him. She released her legs around his waist and dropped down to the ground. Snatching his shorts down she took his dick in her hand and began to kiss around the head before sliding down his entire length. She had taken in 7 of his 9 inches before she began to gag. He could feel the muscles in the back of her throat milking his cock as she began to slide up and down while stroking his shaft. Feeling like his legs were about to give out, Michael leaned back against the wall for support. Megan lightly grazed his dick with her teeth before plunging back down his length. God she was driving him crazy. After a few minutes, Michael knew that this couldn't go on or he would never last. 

He pulled Megan up and smiled at the loud pop as she released his dick from her lips. He yanked her shorts down and bent her over the stool that they have been sitting on. He slid his dick up and down her slit, slowly teasing her. By this time, Megan was dripping wet and began to whimper softly, trying to push back to force Michael's dick inside of her. He allowed the head to go in before pulling back our and continuing to slide his dick up and down her wetness. 

She turned her head around and yelled "stop fucking teasing me!" with eyes full of lust and fury.

Never one to acknowledge sexual requests, Michael slammed his full 9" into her wet and waiting pussy. 

"Oh God yes!" Megan moaned as Michael began a smooth and slow rhythm. 

He slowly pulled almost all of the way out before roughly slamming back in. He reached around and began to massage her breasts as he started to pick up the pace a little bit. Megan's sweaty ass bounced with each thrust and it was quickly getting to him. He closed his eyes and kept slamming into the sexy body in front of him. Megan's moans were starting to get louder as Michael started pounding into her pussy faster and faster. With one hand, he began to pinch one of her nipples, while with the other he reached around and began to massage her clit.

"Oh fuck yes!" She yelled as he could feel her clamp down around his dick. "Oh yes baby just like that. Play with my clit! Oh God! Go Deeper!!"

Thankful that the track was almost back off into the woods, Michael began to slam into her dripping pussy as hard and fast as he could. He stopped pinching her nipples and instead reached up to her shoulders where he began to use the leverage to go deeper.

"Oh fuck" he groaned as he tried to fight the inevitable feeling that was starting to creep up from his balls.

All of a sudden Megan's pussy began to convulse.

"Ahhh! I'm cumming!" she screamed at what had to have been the top of her lungs. Her vaginal walls milked Michael's dick relentlessly and that was all that he could take.

Before he could yell out in warning, he exploded inside of Megan's pussy. Feeling Michael's warm cum being released inside of her, Megan exploded into another orgasm. Michael slammed into Megan as hard as he could to get even deeper as he filled her with his cum. 

Eventually they both came down from their orgasms and collapsed on the floor of the shed in a sweaty mass. Cum began leaking out from Megan's pussy and Michael's dick started to go soft.

"Fuck." He said while trying to catch his breath. "I should make bets with you more often!"

Laughing, Megan put a finger inside of herself and brought it out with Michael's cum all over it. Bringing it to her mouth, she sucked it dry before asking "What else did you have in mind?"

To Be Continued...