 Greetings:

The story I am about to share did actually occur between Beth and I. My memories are so fond. I want to say that Beth and I talk several times a year, still, on the phone. She has moved on, and so have I.

We had been together, on the Internet, for 3 or 4 months. She was very becoming; I was hopeful. She was 38, I was 48. She was divorced for 2 or 3 years and I for 4 or 5. She is from North Carolina, me from Colorado. We had chanced upon one another in Excite.com, in a chat room-it was my first foray into the Internet. We visited before a hurricane a few times...I forget which one. It may have been Hurricane Andrew, or one of the big ones. She said she'd have to move inland and would talk to me later. I waited, with anticipation.

After 2 weeks, or so, she was back. Said she was ok and seemed ready to resume...she was anxious to talk, so was I.

After a few weeks, she wanted to talk on the phone. I had been through a nasty divorce and wasn't really desirous of anything too presumptive, but, so had she. She was as tentative as was I and I finally I told her she could have my phone number and call it to get my answering machine and listen to my voice and see what she thought. 

When I got home that night, there were 5 lights blinking. That meant that there were 5 calls. But, there were no messages. Later, I found out she had called, from North Carolina and listened to my message 5 times, just to hear my voice before she actually called. In the evening the phone rang. It was Beth. A Pleasant, most feminine voice, directed my attention to the conversation. We chatted for an hour, or so. Exchanging pleasantries. Over the course of the next few months, maybe a year.... we talked by phone and on the computer.... and it became graphic. 

She was suppressed. She was a woman who had been in a 20-year marriage without gratification, and me, a man free from one of 25 years and looking. She was not sure; I was not either. Slowly, we teased each other into more. She slowly opened up, and I was most eager. She told me of stolen glances at men, when she shopped, at their crotch, at their butt, at their demeanor...while I told her of more lurid things...of my imaginings of young ladies at the checkout counter with their braless tops, of their short skirts, of their long and luscious legs. She responded so deliciously. We had Internet sex. She said that she had masturbated to my words. I certainly did, to her responses. After another week, she wanted to talk on the phone. So did I. But it was her call.

The phone rang and it was Beth. Husky, mature, friendly..."Bill...Hi, this is Beth" 

"Beth," I am over the edge," I said. Those were my words. 

"Bill, me too." She replied.

We had phone sex. Over the next 3 months, we did this every day. Sometimes we talked two or three times in a day. My phone bill skyrocketed. We talked for many hours. She became aggressive, desirous to explore all of her repressed sexuality.

Finally, in November of 1998 I bought her a ticket to fly to Denver. Both of us were so primed. We had been enmeshed in something that had transfixed our very lives. Nowhere could either of us go without the other...we had to see one another. We were not strangers though we had not met. She had sent me pictures, and I had sent her mine. This was about to happen.

So, Beth flew into Denver. The atmosphere between us was so charged after a year of sexual phone exploration that it seemed like neither of us could wait. She was the absolute last one off the plane and I had about wilted as the hundred, or so people came into the terminal from the ramp. I was waiting with roses and baited breath (a worm on my tongue?). Then, there she was. Tall, auburn hair, high cheekbones, very short skirt with luscious long legs, green eyes that seemed to glow, perfect round c cup breasts, trim figure. She was a site to behold, for sure. I grinned at her like an acre of sunflowers, she warmly smiled, embraced me and we kissed, right there in front of hundreds of people.

After getting her luggage and walking to the car I put her bags in the trunk and walked to her door to unlock it. She stopped me and said, "hold it, I've been wanting to do something for a year." She pulled me to her, opened her lips and kissed me with passion. She used her right hand to caress down my chest and belly and lightly rubbed my penis through my pants. She lifted one leg and wrapped it around me and ground herself into my groin. We needed to get somewhere private.

But, we had a 90-minute drive and it was late in the day. On the way home we talked about many things, but mostly of our sexual escapades over the past year. After about 25 minutes on the highway, she said she was so horny she couldn't take it any more. She took off all her clothes, every last stitch, turned upside down in the seat, with her head on the floor, her cute little butt on the seat and her long legs dangling up in the air, spread. She masturbated herself right there as I was doing 75 miles an hour down an interstate highway. She orgasmed within a minute, but couldn't stop.... she kept rubbing and moaning and squirming and writhing, rubbing her hands over her breasts and pulling on her nipples. Finally, with her whole upper body flushed, and out of breath, she righted herself into the seat and dressed. 

We made it home after dark. There was no unloading the car, there was no tour of the house, there was no supper, and there was no preliminary foreplay. There was only desperately and lustfully hard-core sex. No licking, no sucking, not much kissing, just penetration, thrusting, screaming, moaning, grunting and orgasm after orgasm. She was so wet, I wondered how. I'd never seen a woman get that wet. Looking back, I realize now that she was aroused more than any woman with whom I had ever been. And, she was aroused by a year of words. I am not the best looking toy in the box, don't have the longest or thickest penis, am not really a prize, but she was thoroughly seduced, and that is a remarkable condition in which to partake, a thoroughly seduced woman.

Beth must have come 25 times during the night. I am not kidding. By morning, we were exhausted from our 9 or 10 hours of constant sexual contact. It was the best sexual experience I ever had. My orgasms no longer produced the seed of life, but were mere glorious, dry heaves through a sore and grateful member.

We slept a few hours, and I awakened to Beth's mouth on my penis. It was hard (to my absolute shock and amazement) and she was going after it like she hadn't eaten in a week. This time, I produced a pitiful little bit of seminal fluid and she moved right up to lay on top of me, kissing me and grinding into me. I was able to bring her to one climax with my fingers and then we unloaded the car and decided to eat.

And that is the true story of our first meeting. Beth and Bill. 

Hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I have recalling it.