 Saturday morning was Michael's favorite time. Beth was usually a light sleeper, but she had been up until 2:30 working to finish a paper due Monday in her world history class. Because of the late night, Michael was able to silently slip out of bed.

He drove to Beth's favorite bakery and picked up fresh croissants. Then, he went to the farmer's market and picked out an assortment of berries and fresh squeezed orange juice. Michael also picked out a bouquet of flowers. His final stop was the Java Hut. Beth liked their coffee best.

Back at home, Michael fixed breakfast for the two of them and laid it our on a tray. He spread the remainder out on the table for Keith and Kelly. Michael peeked into the bedroom, and Beth was still asleep. "Perfect," he thought.

Michael set the tray on a portable table next to Beth, took off all of his clothes and climbed into bed next to her. He just sat there for the longest time watching her sleep; watching her breathe; studying every delicate detail of her beautiful face. Finally, he scooted down under the blankets and gently wrapped his arms around her.

"Mmmm ... that feels good," she sighed, still half asleep.

"You're supposed to be asleep," he whispered as he brushed her soft brown hair from her face.

"I can't sleep when you're gone. Where did you go so early?"

"Open your eyes," he said. Beth was lying on her side with her back to Michael, so when she opened her eyes, she was staring directly at the morning surprise he collected for her.

She smiled. "You're way too good to me, you know."

"That's not possible," he said as he kissed the back of her head. She turned her head toward him and kissed his cheek.

"Morning breath," she said in explanation.

Michael just chuckled. He knew all about her paranoia concerning morning death breath. She sat up and propped pillows behind her back. Michael stretched over her to get the tray and place it on the bed. When he did, his package dangled in front of her face. Beth arched her eyebrow, grabbed a handful and kissed his penis.

"You're going to wake him up, and then there will be hell to pay, young lady," he said with mock seriousness

"Promise?" she said in her little girl voice.

"Everything's going to get cold, you know," he said grinning.

"Not everything," she remarked, giggling.

Michael set the tray back on the table and started kissing Beth's neck and her ears. She rubbed his cock until he was massively hard. Michael skipped a few of the normal preliminaries and dove head-first into her sex. He was very ready to plunge into her, and he knew the quickest way to get her dripping wet was to attack her sex with his tongue. After a few urgent passes of his tongue up and down her slit, he went straight for her clit.

Beth gasped and grabbed his hair, pulling him in tighter. He felt the tempo of her breathing grow more frantic. His mouth was soon rewarded with a flood of her nectar. By now, they knew each other's rhythms so well that he knew when she was ready for him. Michael moved between her welcoming thighs, which eagerly wrapped around his torso. He aimed his tumescence at her tunnel and ventured inside. As he entered her pussy with his dick, he simultaneously attacked her mouth with his tongue. He knew all concerns about morning breath would now have evaporated. He smiled to himself as she sucked his tongue into her mouth.

Michael's plunges were deep and deliberate. He knew that she loved being probed deeply during these early morning fucks, so he concentrated on maneuvering his manhood so he could maximize the reach of his cock. Beth was in heaven. She stopped kissing him so she could concentrate on feeling his entire length slide in and out of her. She loved feeling the hair from his ball sack tickle the area between her pussy and her anus. She loved the feeling of being so full of Michael that they felt like they were one person. She ... she loved Michael.

When Beth felt the head of Michael's dick grow inside her, she used her muscular legs to pull him in and tightly as possible. As soon as Michael began draining his balls inside her, her orgasm ignited. There was nothing like cumming together to begin the day and the weekend. She was looking forward to a nice breakfast, to more cuddling under the blankets, and to several more lovemaking sessions. Yes, this is going to be a perfect Saturday, she thought.

Once their initial lovemaking had ended, Michael, propped up the pillows behind him, pulled her up to his chest and maneuvered the tray on his lap as his happy penis deflated.

"Mmmm ... my favorite coffee, fresh croissants, berries ... and fresh-squeezed orange juice. I can't wait to polish this off and spend the rest of the day with your beautiful penis inside me," she said as she hugged him.

"That may be a little difficult," Michael replied.

Beth stopped putting jam on her croissant and looked at him quizzically. Michael reached over to his nightstand and placed two plane tickets to New York on her lap. Beth raised her eyebrows and stared open-mouthed from him to the tickets.

"What's this all about?" she asked.

Michael's smile broke all over his face. "I've got good news and bad news. Which do you want first?"

Obviously, the bad news wasn't that bad, so she asked for that first. "We will not be able to make love all day. However, we will be able to make love tonight in New York City ... if you don't mind missing a couple of days of classes."

"If that's the bad news, what on earth is the good news?"

"I have a meeting on Monday with a publisher," he said as he tried to look nonchalant, chomping on his croissant.

"A publisher? For what?"

"I have been working off and on, writing a science fiction novel for a couple years. It was just a hobby, really. I never in a million years thought about publishing it. In fact, I never told anyone about it ... even you, because it was just something I did for fun ... for me. Then, one day, I read about this guy who went from being a law student one day to being a published author the next. He quite school and has been a writer ever since. And, I don't know, I bought a couple of books on getting your work in front of agents, and, well, I found one who likes my stuff. He got a publisher interested, and ... We're going to New York -- TODAY!!"

Beth was dumbfounded. "Michael ... That's ... That's amazing!"

"So, can you go? It'll make it SOOOOOO much better if you're with me? Please?"

"Yeah ... sure. I'll give Katrina notes to give my professors explaining what's happening and asking them to give me assignments for the two days," she said almost to herself. Then, she turned and grabbed Michael in a huge hug. "I'm so proud of you!" In their commotion, the tray tipped and fell to the floor with a huge crash. In a moment, they heard heavy feet hit the floor and coming barreling toward their bedroom. Keith burst through the door.

"Hey, I heard a loud crash. Is everyone alright?"

Beth and Michael were giddy and hugging. Keith saw the tray and all its contents splayed across the floor. They looked at him and saw his massive cock still at mostly full mast and shiny with Kelly's pussy juice. They looked at each other started howling. Keith looked down at himself and realized what caught their attention.

He rolled his eyes. "I thought someone was hurt," he explained. It made no difference. They were laid out on the bed in convulsions. Kelly came in to see what was happening. She looked at Keith for an explanation.

"It seems our coitus interruptus is a source of humor for our dear friends," he explained with a mildly disgusted look on his face. Kelly looked down at his softening, but still impressive, shiny tree trunk and began trying to stifle a laugh herself.

"Yes, you're right. There's nothing funny about any of this." Then, she broke down laughing too.

"I'm glad I could bring all of you so much humor," he said shaking his head. Everything he said only made them laugh harder. Kelly walked over and collapsed on their bed. Keith rolled his eyes and took his jack hammer back to his bedroom.

When the trio regained their composure, they explained the news to Kelly. She shrieked and hugged them both. Keith came back into the room and asked what the fuss was about now.

"Are you serious?" he shouted once they filled him in and a big grin spread across his face. He walked over and gave Michael a beefy paw to shake. "Dude, that's fantastic! When do you go?"

"Today. The plane leaves at 3:00," Michael replied.

Keith looked at the clock and did some quick calculations. "We'll take you to the airport, which means we have just enough time to finish our business, get something to eat, and rush off."

"Relax. Look at the kitchen table," Michael said. Keith and Kelly walked over and saw the spread Michael had prepared for them. They both smiled at each other and then at Michael, who had his hands behind his head with a big grin on his face.

Keith picked up Kelly in his massive arms. "Thanks, man," he said to Michael. "Maybe now we can get two in before we have to leave," he said to Kelly.

As they were leaving Beth's and Michael's bedroom, she said to them, "I would complain about him always thinking with his dick, but it is the biggest part of his body!" Beth and Michael looked at each other and nodded.

----------

"Holy crap!" Beth exclaimed as they entered the lobby of the Hotel Regent off Central Park West. "I think it was a good decision to come along!"

"No kidding," Michael answered as he was taking it all in.

"Checking in, sir?" asked the chipper man behind the lobby desk.

"Yes. You should have a reservation for Barrett," Michael answered.

He checked the computer. "Yes, sir. Pendant Publishing notified us they will be covering all expenses, including meals, hotel amenities and room service." He completed the check-in and handed Michael a set of computer cards. "Ward, will you escort Mr. Barrett and his guest to their room? They're in 2107."

"Overlooking the Park. Excellent! Please follow me, sir ... ma'am."

"Oh, Mr. Barrett, Pendant also included all gratuities, so Ward's services are already paid."

Michael calmly thanked the desk clerk. As they were walking toward the elevators, he looked at Beth and mouthed, "Can you believe this?" The desk clerk just smiled.

They were blown away by their room. It was a couple of floors from the top, and was a small suite. The view from the huge window was like something from a storybook. Ward gave them a lay of the land, arranged their luggage for them, asked if they need anything else, welcomed them to the Big Apple and left.

"You know what makes me the happiest?" she asked him after a long kiss.

"What?"

"They wouldn't be doing all of this if they weren't really psyched about your book. I'm so happy and proud of you," she said, looking up into his eyes.

"I'm pretty psyched too, but none of this even comes close to the time when you said you loved me for the first time. THAT, Ms. Anderson, still tops my list of all-time great moments," he said staring at the molasses pools of her eyes.

"Are you trying to seduce me ... just a small-town girl here for her first night in the big city?"

"I'm damn sure trying," he said, picking her up and carrying her to the bed. "We've got 57 minutes until our dinner reservations. Up for a quickie?" he asked as he laid her on the bed.

She reached down and grabbed his growing package. "It looks like you're UP for it."

"Always," he said as he kissed her. They began tearing each other's clothes off and happily humped until they had to jump into the shower.

Pendant arranged for them to have dinner at the rooftop restaurant overlooking the Manhattan skyline and the park. They ordered steaks, salads, and Italian sparkling water. Afterward, they went to the bar for dessert and danced to the soft jazz of an amazing trio of musicians. Later, in their room, they fell asleep in each other arms.

The next morning, they put on their running gear and headed for the Park. The concierge told them that as long as they stayed in the populated areas, they would be safe. They ran for 45 minutes, stopped in City Café for coffee and hurried back to the hotel to shower and get ready for a brunch meeting with Michael's agent.

Upon entering the Regent's main dining room, they told the host they were meeting Peter Laugherty.

"Ah, yes. Right this way, sir."

"Michael, it's good to finally meet you in person," said a trim, smiling man in his late 40s as they approached his table.

"Hi, Peter," Michael replied, shaking his hand. "This is Beth Anderson. Beth, this is Peter."

Peter shook her hand and remarked, "If you don't mind my saying so, Beth, Michael mentioned that he was bringing his girlfriend, but he neglected to tell me how stunning you are."

"Thank you," she said shyly.

"Are you a writer too?"

"No. Just a struggling pre-med student," she answered as the host helped Beth into her chair.

"Thank you, Parker," Peter said to the host.

"Constance will be taking care of you today, Mr. Laugherty. Will there be anything else, sir?"

"No, thank you, Parker. I know we are in good hands." The host smiled and left.

"So, Michael, what do you think of all of this?" Peter asked.

"I'm too stunned to answer," Michael replied.

When the waitress arrived, Peter asked if it would be okay if he ordered, and he arranged for them to get an assortment of small brunch items to sample.

"I'll tell you that Pendant doesn't do this for many new authors. Sam believes we'll be able to get Hollywood interested in your story. Did you bring the outline for the other pieces of the series?"

"Yes. They're in my bag."

"Great! I guess I don't need to tell you that your life is about to change in a substantial way. I certainly applaud your desire for an education, but you might have some decisions to make in the short-term."

"Like what?" Beth asked.

"Like arranging for a leave of absence from school while he works on the series. Then, depending on how involved you want to be in the movie development, you may be quite busy for the next few years."

Beth's head was spinning. She turned to Michael, "You didn't mention any of this."

"He didn't know about it, Beth," Peter explained. "Once Sam took over the project, things started happening quickly."

"Who's Sam?" Michael asked.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Sam Carrington. That's your new editor at Pendant. Sam is one of the brightest and most successful editors in the publishing world. When Sam got interested in your book, it launched you into a whole new category." Peter raised his iced tea and said, "Michael, welcome to the big leagues!" Beth and Michael raised their glasses in a toast.

During brunch, Peter explained the purpose of the meeting tomorrow and what Michael could expect as the next steps in this process. He also explained that on the strength of the first draft, Pendant was ready to offer him a million dollar advance if they liked what they saw in his outline.

Their mouths fell open, and they looked at each other speechless. "A million dollars?" he asked running his hands through his hair.

"That's just for starters. That's what they're offering to make sure they get you to sign a contract. After that, the paperback rights, screen rights, etc. will be worth many times more than that."

"Michael, what did you write?" Beth asked in amazement.

Peter looked puzzled. "You mean, you haven't read it?"

"No," Michael interjected. "This all seemed like such a ridiculous dream that I never told her."

"What about your family?" Peter asked. "What do they think?"

Michael burst out laughing. "When they find out, they'll be pretty surprised!"

"Well," Peter remarked, "To each his own, I guess. Who will review the contracts?"

"My uncle is an attorney. I'll run everything through him."

"Alright. That sounds fine. Well, I guess I'd better let you kids go. It sounds like you have some interesting phone calls to make this afternoon."

"Wait, what about the story?" Beth asked.

"I'll tell you what, Beth. I'll have my office courier over a copy this afternoon. Rather than have either Michael or me tell you the story, I'd like you to read it. You have a very talented young man here. I want you to experience the book the way his readers will experience it."

Beth beamed. "I can't wait!"

The two lovers went back to his room and called Michael's house. They figured both families would probably be gathered around the pool and were right.

"Hello? Are you guys still there?" Michael asked since there was total silence on the other end of the phone after he explained where he was and what he was doing.

"A million dollars?" Michael's father eventually asked.

"Yep ..."

"And, Peter said that's just for starters," Beth interjected.

"Mom? Are you guys passed out or something?" Michael asked.

"Darling, I am never at a loss for words. But, frankly, I'm at a loss for words."

"That's how I feel," Beth retorted.

"What happens next?" Beth's dad asked.

"We meet with Pendant tomorrow. Peter will go over the contract with me, and I told him to send a copy to Uncle Steve before I sign anything," Michael answered.

"Damn, son, congratulations!" Michael's dad said. "Keep us posted ... for a change!"

"I'm sorry, Dad ... everybody. This whole thing happened so fast, and none of it seemed real until we got here," Michael replied.

"If it makes you feel any better, Mr. Barrett, I didn't even find out until yesterday. I didn't even know he was interested in writing," Beth said.

"Join the club," Michael's parents said in unison.

"Okay ... I get the message. I will DEFINITELY keep all of you informed on everything from this point on," Michael said.

"Son, we're very proud of you, and if this is what you want, we want it for you," Dan, Michael's father replied.

Bill, Beth's dad, then added, "Dan, it looks like dinner's on you!" Everyone laughed.

"Hold on. Michael's the millionaire. I'm just a poor working guy," Dan replied.

"Yeah, but, you should be able to get a hell of a loan at great rates!" Everyone laughed again.

----------

The next morning, Beth and Michael grabbed a cab to Pendant's offices. "We're here to meet Sam Carrington," Michael told the receptionist.

"Please have a seat. I'll notify you when they are ready. Would you like anything to drink?"

"No, thank you. We're fine."

After 15 minutes of staring numbly at magazines, they heard, "Michael! I'm Sam. Thank you for arriving early." Beth and Michael turned at the sound of the voice and were stunned when their eyes met a dazzling blond female Sam who would have been a dead ringer for Heidi Klum, accept Sam was hotter.

"Uh ... Sam?" Michael asked, rising to shake her hand.

"Yes ... Samantha. Didn't Peter tell you?" she asked.

"No, he ... uh ..."

She rolled her big blue eyes and chuckled. "Well, come on to my office. We've got a lot to talk about."

"Uhmm ..." Michael mumbled as he reached for Beth. "Excuse me, Sam, this is Beth. She came with me."

"Yes, I apologize. Peter said she was coming with you. What can I say? It's Monday morning. It's a pleasure to meet you, Beth. Please, join us."

"Thanks," Beth said, getting swept up in the hurricane that was Sam Carrington.

While they walked to her office, she mentioned, "Peter is caught in traffic. What a shock in New York, right? He will be along soon. Beth, can I get you anything?"

"No," Beth answered as she struggled to keep pace with the long legs and stride of Sam.

When they reached an impressive corner office with huge glass windows overlooking the Hudson, Sam stopped to ask her assistant, Günter, for a cappuccino.

"Come in. Make yourself at home," she said as she swept behind the glass table that was her desk. She flipped quickly through a stack of messages. Moving back to the sitting area where Michael and Beth were sitting, she added, "After all, Michael, I hope Pendant is your home for a long time to come."
