 "Niki, wake up!" I gave my coworker a dirty look. "That's the third time you've yawned in the last ten minutes."

"Maybe I'm exhausted," I countered, taking my lifeguarding tube and putting it against the wall, feigning sleep.

"But you're on the clock now."

I laughed at the teasing; Gabe and I had kind of a rapport. "I have rank," I said. "I can go to sleep if I damn well please." I put the tube on my lap and actually watched the pool. 

I've often said that lifeguarding is the only job where you run around half naked and get paid for it, and, with all the sexual tension of ten single guards under the age of 25 running around half naked, we've all become very good friends. Not to mention that we talk sex at work entirely too much.

"So anyway," Gabe was saying. "This guy could just get a bra open like that" he fooled with the back of my suit.

"Ah, I just wear front-openers," I said with a gamin grin. 

"Thanks for the warning." He went to look at the front of my suit. 

"I'm not wearing one now, dork." 

"Really?" he asked sarcastically. I loved his quick wit, and besides, he was one of the sweetest guys alive. I wasn't looking, as he knew, but I would have jumped him if I hadn't worked with him. Damn that work ethic, damn it all to hell...

"Hey, it's time for you to go." I looked at the clock; my shift was indeed over, and the pool was closing in an hour. 

"I'll chill," I said, taking off my shorts to a 'wow' whistle. I blushed, then struck a pose. I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror--large breasts, large hips, long legs. I was no Kate Moss, though I would have loved to be. All women think they're ugly, Erica Jong had once wrote. And the man that understands that will be irresistible.

"Well, if you're chillin'," Gabe began, snapping me out of my thoughts, "Would you stay after I close and help me on the rescues? I need to get recertified Monday."

"No prob," I said, diving into the cool water, then coming up for air with the wet trickling down my back. 

I started to lap, concentrating on losing myself and going back to my zero-thought: sex. The white noise of the pool helped me think, and I worked up a girlish fantasy of being pressed up against the wall, kissing Gabe, feeling his lips against my neck and under my chin. I could almost feel the bulge in my hip as I contemplated the ten different ways we could consummate this relationship. I would love his hands on my hips, holding me firmly in place with large hands, Gabe grabbing my ass and pulling me practically on top of him...

and then I saw red. 

Before I realized it, I had banged into the kickboard he threw at me. I came up for air. "Time to go, Ma'am," he said.

Had the hour gone by already? I gave him a sarcastic look. "Don't harass the patrons or I'll complain about you, sir!" He laughed, took off his T-shirt (I would have whistled in response, but I was never very talented) and hopped in the water with me. "What do you want to do first?" I asked him.

"Active, from the front."

"Okay," I swam out a few yards and thrashed about in the water, calling help. Dave approached me slowly, and I smiled to myself, thinking what a surprise he was in for when he got to me. He reached the tube out for me, and I grabbed it fiercely, climbing up to him and wrapping my arms around his neck, burying his face in my breasts. He panicked for a minute, then pushed me out of the hold. I swam up and attacked him again. This time, he pushed me up, and my breasts fell out of my suit. He put the tube in front of me, grabbed me by the waist and the chest as I tried to get my suit back on, but with my arms incapacitated, it was a bit impossible. Half naked, he dragged me to the wall.

"They are beautiful," he said. I didn't appreciate the slimy pick up line, though I did like the compliment. 

"Thanks, I made them myself." I went to fix my suit, trying to remain cool in the face of embarrassment. His hand, however, was still on my waist, holding down one of the straps. "Do you mind?" 

He smiled, standing dangerously close to me on the ledge. "Not at all." He slipped his hand upwards and began playing with my nipples, already hard from the cold water.

Before I knew what was happening, his breath was crawling down my neck, and he was kissing me under my chin. I rolled my eyes back, enjoying a well-done neck sucking.

"Gabe," I said, breathing hard with pleasure. "Don't start this if you're not going to finish it."

"Mmmmm, okay," he vibrated against my neck. He pulled himself closer and nibbled my ear, and I pulled the presence of mind to grab his hips. I felt his erection on the inside of my leg, and slid down against it, arching my back so that he could find the hollow of my neck more easily. I'd had very few partners--none of them very good--and the thing that excited me most was the idea that they were excited by me. I reached down and ran one finger up one side of his cock and down the other, cupping his balls for a minute. 

He worked his way up to my mouth, kissing me slowly, gently, and very seductively. I smiled when he was done, kissing him lightly again, enjoying the foreplay to the foreplay. Pool rumor was that he was supposedly very good. He kissed me again, a little harder, bringing his hips in with a gyrating motion that put him, still clothed, at the inside of my legs, I wrapped one around him, standing on the other for balance. 

"Where do you want to do this?" He asked, a slight smile on his face and some smart-ass comment on his lips. "This is a family establishment."

I quickly scanned the list of possibilities; locker rooms, deck, gallery, office... the only problem was that it was all enclosed in windows, and all surfaces were made of cement. Gabe got out of the water to turn off the pool lights, but left the lights in the actual pool on. with one of the doors open to cool the air, the steam rising from the hot water, and the teal colored lights illuminating the bottom of the Olympic-sized pool, it was almost a tropical paradise. I slipped my suit off, knowing he'd have trouble with it later, and swam commando to the shallow end. 

"How about right here?" I asked, sitting naked on the stairs. 

"In the pool?"

"Why not? Chlorine kills everything." 

Gabe shrugged, then dove in and swam over to me. He smiled at my nakedness. "Pretty desperate, aren't you?"

"I told you you were going to finish this," I said, kissing him passionately. He pulled away slightly.

"Slow and steady wins the race," he said. I laughed and pulled at his trunks, finally running my hands down the ass I had so many times observed soaking wet. He grabbed me off the stairs and pressed me against the ledge, working his hand down, and lightly rubbing against my clit. I pulled at his member, marveling how wrong I had been about his size (I had put him at 6.5, but he proved to be a full inch bigger) and noticed that his head was purple and painfully swollen. I kissed my way down his neck working at his collarbone and gently working over his penis. 

He chuckled slightly, "You've done this before," he said. It wasn't a question. I made an oral tour of his body, his nipples (pierced) his belly button, his balls, and his thighs before coming up for air, and taking my tongue along his back. He stiffened, then relaxed. He started kissing me again, I felt him thrust under my hand, and I changed rhythm, nibbling his ear.

He stopped then.

"No, you first," He said, lifting me out of the water, so that I was sitting in front of him. I bent down and kissed him as he put my legs over his shoulders, forcing me to lay back and enjoy. I felt his breath first. Hot breath, running down my cool legs and always warm clit. Then the flicker of tongue, on the side somewhere... so quick, I wasn't even sure it had happened. A long, luxurious lick up one side, down the other, and a tongue parting silent lips. I was in heaven. "Oh, God, Gabe--"

"Sh..." He put two fingers to my mouth, which I obediently began to suck. I felt his hands on my thighs--all over my things, inside me, rubbing me, he was licking me. I tried to find something to release the pleasure, and gripped the ledge, white-knuckled. Gabe kissed my hands for a second, then went back to my eager cunt. The pleasure was incredible. I could feel myself filling up, ready to explode under his soft lips and practiced tongue. I let out a small moan, bucked once, and began to shudder. He fiercely licked my clit, sucked my clit, and did things I couldn't possibly describe, before falling to the deck, exhausted. He lowered me back into the water, kissing my neck, arousing me yet again.

He pulled me up to the deck again, and I pulled him with me. He had an eyebrow raised to whatever was going through my dirty mind, and i had nothing on my mind but to give him the same kind of orgasm he had just given me.

"Just lay still," I told him, making eye contact (guys love that!). "I can take care of everything." He leaned back against the outside portion of the stairs, his cock pointed up against his belly button. I started with that, gently probing his belly button with my tongue (which flicked against the head of his penis) before working my way down the side and taking his balls in my mouth. 

He breathed sharply at the unexpected sensation, then moaned. I worked my tongue into the space between, then licked my way up back to the V, sucked there, and then engulfed the whole head. He moaned again, petting my wet hair as I took him out, and began sucking him off. My tongue flicked around his head, probed the cum hole, and sucked his entire penis before working my way back down to his balls. 

I took them in my mouth one at a time, gently, and sucked them even more gently, feeling them clench and unclench and loving the changes in his body, changes I brought on. I worked my way back up to the head, finding precum glistening on it, along with spit and water. I licked it off, sucked the head, then worked my tongue into the space between his abs and penis. Another couple of drops of precum appeared, and I wiped them away with my tongue.

I looked up and made eye contact again. His head rolled back for a minute, then returned to watching me. I smiled, then licked my hand, working my mouth along the head, and my hand around the balls and the shaft, twisting slightly. Gabe groaned, than said, "No." I ignored him, feeling his penis get rock hard and start to twitch, positioning my thumb by the vein at the base so that I could control his cum. I began to suck on a very tiny portion of his penis, working in no real pattern until I felt his balls clench, his vein swell, and I stopped the cum. Gabe was breathing very hard, and, keeping my hand in place, I straddled him, checking for an OK. 

He nodded, and I mounted him slowly. He placed one hand over the hand I had on his cock, holding himself in, and massaged my clit with his other one. I began to grind my way to an orgasm, letting him fill me as deep as he possibly could, deeper on every thrust. I clenched him as tight as I could, taking the grinding slow making the whole experience draw itself out. Gabe had turned almost purple with excitement, and I was holding back another orgasm. 

I took back control of his cock, and began the process to orgasm--the shuddering, the twitching, the helpless hip movements. Right when I was about to pour onto his already-wet groin, I released the cum inside him, and he screamed with pleasure as the pressure was released and my cunt satisfied. The fluid ran down over him, causing him a couple of more helpless spurts, and I, sighing, collapsed on his chest.

I couldn't wait to close with him next week.