 This is another story that I wrote for a co-worker of mine. I hope you enjoy it! I love feed back (especially from you girls!) I will endeavor to respond to all e-mails. If you feel too shy to respond publicly feel free to e-mail me directly at the address in my profile.

*

Holy god she was gorgeous. I stared down at Beth wondering why on earth fortune had blessed me with this particular moment in time. Here I was about to plunge my cock into what I expected to be the wettest and hottest pussy I had yet encountered in my relatively short life. What had I done for fate to grant me this truest of pleasures? 

How did I know she was wet? Well after eating her out for a mere ten minutes or so this girl was literally leaking down her legs. She was hot as hell too. I can always tell when a girl is aroused because her pussy will feel like it is absolutely ablaze, and Beth's felt like the sun. I could feel her heat radiating on my fore arm as I ran the pointer and index finger of my right hand into her most private region straight to the knuckle. Her muscles were gently massaging my fingers and trying to pull them further and deeper inside her stunning body. Periodically she would tense up hard and I could feel her pussy clench down firmly on my digits, this was also coupled with a visible contraction in her legs. God I loved doing this. It felt like I was fingering melted butter and her taste was exquisite too. I made sure her eyes were locked on my face as I slowly raised my dripping fingers to my lips and suckled her copious juices from them. Her sweet juices had ran down the back of my arm also, matting my hair a little but I didn't care and I doubt she did either. Beth tasted like delectable candy to my tongue. As I tasted her my eyes caught the glint of another small bead of moisture formed at the mouth of her pussy glistening like a bead of dew in the morning. I reached down and caught it on my tongue before it dripped off and became wasted as so many already had, soaked into the sheets.

The look on her face was truly priceless. She was up on her elbows on my bed with her head cocked down watching me with lust filled eyes, the kind that can almost speak the words "fuck me" without her lips ever moving. Beth's ass sat right on the edge of the mattress while those two perfect legs hung over towards me. I had placed her left leg over my right shoulder both to allow me to stimulate her inner thigh and around her clit as she squirmed. I didn't touch her clit directly though. That I would save for later. No I was going to make her wait and slowly ramp her up into heaven. She would love it, of that I had no doubt. Hell she already loved it! The look in her eyes told the only story she needed to tell. They were distant yet focused. Beth clearly had her pleasure on her mind right at this moment and there wasn't much else she cared about except what was happening to her pussy. Her mouth was slightly a gape and I could see her shiny white teeth as she inhaled and exhaled rapidly and shallowly, her breasts heaving with her breaths. They had the smallest bounce to them as she breathed. They were extremely sexy. What had I done to deserve this girl? I grinned, just barely, to my self as I noticed a small strand of drool running slowly down to the base of her jaw. Her mind was truly was on another planet. 

It was time to up the stakes. I took my left hand had using my thumb and fore finger ran them up and down either side of her clit. Still not directly touchhing it I rubbed the skin and pulled back on it a little. Beth's clit extended a little more out past its hood. It was gleaming in the light too and absolutely begging me for a lick. Perhaps just a quick one? No not just yet. She could wait for it whether she liked it or not. I knew deep in that mind of hers she secretly loved being teased and well, as to my self well I love doing the teasing. It was a win win situation for us both.

As I turned up her heat with indirect clit stimulation as well as increasing the speed and depth of my finger thrusts into her I was also intimately aware of the growing situation in my pants. I had a hard on that was almost painful. Even though it was concealed beneath the denim I knew from experience that the veins were fully pumped and visible. I could feel that my cock head had slipped though the hole in my boxers and was rubbing the inside of my jeans directly while leaking a now visible drop of pre-come on my thigh. Every instinct my body had told me that I needed to stuff this cock in the hot slippery pussy in front of me as soon as humanly possible but I knew I had to control myself. My pleasure would come soon enough but Beth's was what was important in the present. 

Her orgasm was not a distant fact either. By the sound of her breathing and the look on her face it was coming soon very soon. It was now time to unleash everything I had in an attempt to make her cum as intense and long as possible. My fingers pumped her fast and deep. The squishing sound of a dripping pussy being fingered filled the room. On my inward strokes I curved my fingers up to stimulate her g-spot on the top of her pussy. My other hand now rubbed the sides of her clit directly and I finally applied my pussy juice coated tongue to the tip of her clit and lapped away as fast as I could manage.

"OOOOhhhh FUCK!!" The single sentence she uttered signaled the onset of her climax and I was ready to push her body to the limit of what it could handle. Her back arched and her breasts were thrust out towards me, her nipples now as hard as pebbles.

As Beth's orgasm started I could see her belly muscles ripple as her uterus and pussy started their rhythmic and strong pulses. Without warning my fingers became covered in her cum as her juices flowed freely out of her body and all over my hand. My greedy mouth attempted to gather up as much as it could but alas most of her liquid pleasure soaked into the bed. Boy would it smell good in here tomorrow! 

I never stopped my aggressive pumping of my fingers through out the experience. I was determined to make her pleasure last as long as I could. Her vagina was now almost crushing my fingers with each forceful contraction and let me tell you the feeling of a pulsing vagina nearly makes me cum in my pants. 

Gradually after a very extended orgasm I could feel her vaginal contractions subside. She was panting like a puppy! Her tongue was right at the end of her mouth and her eyes seemed to pierce my soul with their gaze. 

As I peered back up at Beth from just past her still quivering pussy lips and heaving tits I realized that I needed to fuck this girl and I needed to fuck her right now. It looked to me like that was what was on her mind too as she lifted her torso up a bit higher and spread her legs to make room for me to stand. It was now I who was under the spell and as I stood up between those wonderful and sweaty legs I already had my belt off and went straight to work on my button and zipper. 

Jesus this girl was horny. As I was dropping my pants she was passing the brief moment in time where I was not touching her by fingering her clit with one had and shoving two fingers of her other hand right up her pussy hole! She was insatiable! She stopped when she saw my cock on my hand and spread those beautiful pussy lips for me making my target as clear as day. I paused for a second right at her opening. I could feel the mouth of her twat squeezing gently on my head as her hips tried to pull me in. What had I done to deserve this? 

I took a deep breath, grunted a bit and pushed forward...

Then I awoke suddenly to the sound of my cell phone alarm. Fuck it was just a dream..... at least I get to see her today at work!