 If you caught Beth out of the corner of your eye, you would never think she had only just turned eighteen. You would think she was Victoria's Secret model in her twenties. She was tall and tanned, with shoulder length wavy brown hair, blue eyes that were usually bright with excitement (and maybe some mischief), and a smattering of freckles across her face. She was an athlete, and you could tell. She had flat abs, strong legs, and tan lines that showed she spent a lot of time in shorts and a sports bra. And she filled out that sports bra. She was a 34DD, and if you saw her in just that sports bra, maybe when she was stretching in soccer practice or running through town in the mornings before school, you would have to fight the urge to rip it off her. They were the sort of breasts that were always perky; they were more than a handful, but not so big that they looked fake.

Beth was in her senior year of high school. She was captain of the soccer team and the track team. She was on the honor roll and she was student body vice president. She was the kind of girl that other people want to dislike but can't because she was also genuine and sweet. 

Beth was pretty happy with her life. She had gotten accepted into a good college and was enjoying having some of the pressure applying and taking exams lifted. She loved running and playing soccer, and she loved hanging out with her friends. They only thing that would have made her any happier would be losing her virginity.

Most of her friends were shocked that she still hadn't slept with anyone. It wasn't that guys weren't interested, it was just that Beth had never really felt ready to take things to the next level. But with college looming ahead, Beth was left with the fear that she might end up the last virgin in the fall. 

The logical part of Beth's brain knew that it didn't really matter, but she also knew that she didn't want to meet someone she really liked in college and then have him push her away because he was afraid of being her first. So, Beth made a plan.

Despite the cute and funny guys in her school, Beth had really only ever been interested in one person. Her track coach, Andrew. He was about thirty six, 6'4 and in great shape. He had been a second away from making it to the Olympics in the mile in his twenties and had decided to move back to his hometown and coach soon after. He was gorgeous. He was tan, with dark blonde hair that was just a little long, and green eyes that made women melt. Beth's favorite thing about his body was the little patch of chest hair that peeked out from his shirt collar whenever he wore a v-neck. 

Since Beth was captain of the team, she got to spend a lot of one on one time with the coach setting up practices and drills, and discussing which team members were best suited to which events. Andrew talked to Beth like she was an adult and he genuinely cared about her input. He made her laugh and they always ended up talking about random subjects forever when they meant to be talking about the team. Beth felt like even if Andrew was talking about the state tax code he could make it interesting. She was in love with him. And she wanted him to take her virginity.

The only problem was that she didn't really know how to make a move. She had been thinking about it on and off since they had come back from Christmas break two months earlier. Andrew also coached Boys JV Basketball in the winter, so even though Beth didn't talk to him that much, he around school enough to keep him in her thoughts.

One night, Andrew emailed her asking for her help planning the Varsity spring training trip down to South Carolina that would happen in a few weeks during spring break. She realized this was her shot. She helped Andrew pick out a perfect spot on a lake that was close to a local track and training center, and also happened to be a beautiful and potentially romantic spot. She even managed to book the hotel rooms so that almost the entire team was on the third floor, and only her room and Andrew's were on the fourth. 

When the time finally came for the trip, Beth was so nervous and excited that she could barely speak to anyone on the bus even though it was a 10 hour ride. She figured the first night would be the best chance. Everyone else would be exhausted from the trip and if things went well, she and Andrew could spend the whole week together. 

When they checked into their rooms, Andrew was a little surprised at the difference in floors, but wasn't bothered enough by it to ask for a room change. Everyone went up to their rooms to sleep and get rested for the first day of training. Beth went into her room, which she had also managed to get to herself since there were an odd number of girls on the team, and quickly showered. She put on a brand new matching lace bra and panty set and pulled a dress over her head and took one last look in the mirror before rushing out her door. She had gotten ready as quickly as possible because she knew if she took her time she might lose her nerve. 

She walked down the short distance to Andrew's door and, even though she felt like her heart was in her throat, she knocked.

"Beth? What's up? Shouldn't you being getting some sleep? I don't exactly have an easy day planned for us tomorrow." Andrew had clearly showered, his hair was still damp, and he was in pajama pants and old team t shirt. 

"Um, I just had a couple of questions about tomorrow and was hoping we could talk?" Beth knew this was kind of weak excuse but she was hoping she looked anxious enough that he would take mercy on her.

"I guess, come on in. But after this you should really get some sleep" He moved out of the doorway to let Beth into the room and closed the door behind her. "So, what do you wanna ask me?"

Beth shook her hands a little at her sides, a little bit of a twitch she had developed that normally only came out before races. "So, " not looking him in the eye, "I want to have sex. With you. And, before you say anything, I'm eighteen and I really like you and I think you like me too and I feel like we really get each other and . . ." Beth still hadn't looked up but she had to stop talking because she realized that this sounded insane and naive and she would never be able to talk to anyone every again. She might as well drop out of school and run away.

"Beth . . ." Andrew said with a shocked tone. Beth finally glanced up. He had one hand behind his head and looked the way he did when finished a race, sort of dazed and breathless. "I don't think this is appropriate . . . . I think you should go back to your room."

"Am I not pretty enough? It's not even like you're that much older than me" Beth thought she might die of embarrassment.

"Beth you're beautiful and anyone your own age would be lucky to have you, but I'm your coach." Andrew was standing awkwardly and had trouble meeting Beth's eyes.

Beth decided to make one last desperate attempt to get him to agree. She reached behind her and unzipped her dressed, letting it fall to the floor. "Are you sure?"

Andrew couldn't speak. The sight of this gorgeous eighteen year old in lingerie asking him to take her was like a punch to the gut, it knocked the wind out of him. Beth saw that he was wavering and took a step closer to him. He tried to take a step back but he bumped into the end of the bed. Beth took another step and then they were only two feet apart. She unclasped her bra and let it fall. 

Andrew looked at Beth in awe. He couldn't deny that he had thought about her before. She was right, they did get each other and they could have a real conversation. She was also so sexy and the sight of her bare breasts pushed him over the edge. He closed to the space between them, ran his from her waist up and across her back and kissed her neck. She gasped in surprise and excitement. He reached up and tweaked her nipple with his fingers. She felt herself get wet.

He pulled away for a moment to look at her and then kissed her passionately on the lips, his hands still roaming around her body. Beth ran her hands down his chest and pulled the hem of his tshirt up. Andrew reached down and pulled it up and over his head. Now it was her turn to look in awe. His chest was lightly covered with hair and his abs were tanned and perfect. His body was tight with muscles and he was long and lean. Beth started kissing from his jawline, making a little path down his neck the over his chest and abs. She knelt in front of him, looked up at the lust in his eyes, and pulled his pajama pants down.

Andrew kicked the pants and boxers off and his feet and his thick, eight inch cock was fully released from the tent it had formed. Beth had watched some porn and had given her last boyfriend a hand job, but his dick had been much smaller. Beth lightly ran her hand down the shaft, and Andrew twitched in response. Beth was a little nervous but was also so turned on. She planted a light kiss on the head of his cock, and then licked up and down the shaft. Andrew inched forward a little, encouraging her. Beth took a deep breath and then started to suck her first cock.

She could only get about two or three inches in at first but she started to bob up and down, and as she got into a rhythm, she felt the cock slip further and further into her mouth. Soon she felt it hit the back of her throat. She gagged a little and pulled back, but Andrew put his hand on the back of her head and gently pushed her back down. Beth looked up into his eyes as he started pushing more and this time when his cock hit the back of her throat, she let it slide in. She the tickle of light pubic hair on her nose. Beth reached up to cradle his balls and let Andrew control the rhythm as he fucked her face.

After a few minutes, Andrew pulled out Beth's mouth and helped her stand up. He pulled down her panties and felt himself get even harder at the sight of her perfect shaved cunt. He laid her down on the bed, and started kissing and fondling her breasts. He took one nipple in his mouth and sucked hard. He bit down a little and Beth moaned in pleasure. She had never been so wet and turned on before. With her nipple still in his mouth, he reached down to he shaved pussy lips and felt the wetness there. He flicked her clit a couple of times and enjoyed watching the eighteen year old's back arch in response. He pushed one finger inside her cunt and then paused. Andrew pulled back.

"Beth," he said breathlessly, "are you a virgin?"

Beth blushed. "Yes," she said, equally breathless, "does that make a difference?"

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

Beth looked at Andrew with a rush of affection. "Yes," she said determinedly.

"Okay then," Andrew said with a smile. He would have never been able to go back to the way things had been before and would have hated to end the night there.

Andrew put one hand on her ribs and leaned forward to kiss her. Her lips parted underneath his as he pushed his tongue into her mouth. He reached down with his free hand began to work her clit with thumb. Then he pushed one finger inside of her again and began to rub against her g-spot. After a minute, he squeezed another finger inside her tight pussy. Her finger fucked her for a couple of minutes, enjoying the way her young, nubile body twitched and moaned underneath him. He began to kiss his way down her body until he was at her sweet pussy. Still fucking her with his fingers, he began to attack her clit with his mouth, sucking and licking as she drenched him. Beth moaned and her body tensed as her orgasm rolled over her. It was like nothing she had ever felt before.

While her orgasm washed over her, Andrew lined up his cock with her cunt and quickly pushed himself into her, feeling her hymen rip as he took her virginity. Beth cried out in pain, but it didn't hurt as much as she had feared. After a moment, Andrew started thrusting gently and Beth could feel her pleasure rising again. 

He began thrusting harder and faster into her virgin cunt, and Beth was moaning and sighing her encouragement. Both of the their bodies were slick with sweat and Beth's tits were bouncing as he fucked her. He grabbed her around the waist and quickly flipped over with his cock still inside her. She was now straddling him. She started to ride his cock and Andrew grabbed her nipples as she began to bounce on top of him. Beth could feel another orgasm rising. The slight pain her nipples and Andrews thick cock were too much for her and she cried out in ecstasy as she came all over his cock.

Andrew picked Beth up and carried her over to the couch. He roughly turned her around and bent her over the arm of the couch. He pushed a few fingers into her pussy and fucked her gently with them for a few seconds before thrusting his hard cock back into her. Then he took his fingers and began to rub her asshole with her pussy juices. As he pushed one into her, she cried out in pain but began to moan as he began finger fucking her ass gently.

He began thrusting faster and harder and he knew he was going to cum soon. 

"Beth you are so fucking sexy, god, I've been fantasizing about this. I'm gonna cum soon, and I'm cum deep in your cunt" Andrew pulled his finger out of her ass and spanked her on one cheek.

"Mmmm, Andrew I want you so badly, I'm on the pill, please cum inside me," Beth moaned breathlessly. She could feel a third orgasm rising.

Andrew was fucking Beth hard and fast and when he started to feel her pussy tighten with her orgasm, he rammed himself deep inside her and came inside her pussy. Then he pulled out and had Bet lick his cock clean.

"Does this mean I get out of practice tomorrow?" Beth said with a smile.

"Not a chance. In fact, you just earned yourself some extra, one on one workouts with me everyday this week."