 Beth Mitchell opened her eyes to the soft light of early dawn seeping through the sky-blue gauze curtains covering her bedroom windows. She stared up at the ceiling for a second, then turned and looked at her alarm, noting that she had another fifteen minutes before it would go off. But instead of laying her head back down – she had never been the sort to go back to bed once she was awake – she flipped the alarm switch to off, threw back the covers and padded into the bathroom to take care of her morning business. Then she wrapped her naked body in a red silk kimono and headed toward the kitchen and coffee. When she was halfway there, she heard unexpected sounds from downstairs, sounds that she suspected were responsible for waking her early.

She lived on the second floor of an old Victorian home she had bought to house her bakery, Beth's Corner Bakery, as it was known. She was a good cook, but marketing was not her forte. But she was a conscientious business owner and, forgoing coffee for now, she headed downstairs to investigate further. At the foot of the stairs leading to the bakery's back area she paused, standing just behind the red and gold patterned oriental tapestry covering the doorway. The sounds coming from the kitchen were now as clear as crystal. 

"God, Belle, that feels so fuuuucking good," a soft feminine voice moaned. "Don't stop."

"No way, not when you taste so good, " replied a deeper, huskier voice.

Beth gave an exasperated shake of the head, and then stepped through the curtain. To her left, a tall, thin young woman with short blonde hair streaked with pink sat perched on one of the kitchen counters. Her shoes, pants and panties lay on the floor beneath her and her legs were hooked over the shoulders of another woman, Belle, whose head nodded up and down slightly as she tongued the swollen pussy in front of her. Both had been wearing the white t-shirts and slacks that was standard dress for Beth's kitchen staff, but neither was now fully clothed, as Belle had stripped off her t-shirt and bra so she could play with her nipples.

"Jesus Christ, you two," Beth said in an exaggeratedly aggrieved tone. "Can't you control yourselves long enough to get the kitchen set up?"

The blonde – Trish - started, her eyes shooting open. She moved as if she wanted to hop down from the counter, but her partner quickly clamped both arms over her thighs, holding her in place while continuing to ravage her cunt.

"Oh shit boss, sorry," she said, looking apologetically at Beth. "It's just, I got stood up last night and woke up real horny and, well, oh..." 

At this point she broke off, clenching her teeth and exhaled loudly through her nose as a powerful orgasm suddenly racked her body. She wrapped her arms, on which she had been leaning, around her body and lay back on the shiny metal counter, drawing in deep breaths as her body relaxed.

"Yeah, I'm not sorry at all," said Belle, who, having accomplished her mission, turned slightly and looked over her shoulder at Beth. She was about ten years older and maybe 15 pounds heavier than the Trish, with extremely short, spiky black hair and tattoos running down both arms. Her face shone with pussy juice. "When Trish told me about how rough her night was, I knew I had to make her feel better. And knowing how important employee morale is to you, I figured you wouldn't mind."

"And normally, I wouldn't. Normally, I'd hop right in with you. But we don't have time for this kind of shenanigan today," Beth said. She tried to be angry, but she was fond of all her employees, and Belle and she had been friends and lovers for years. "I have some bad news. Roger Beeman over at county health called me last night. We're getting hit with a surprise inspection this morning."

Roger was another county inspector, the one who almost always handled the bakery's health department visits. He'd been doing so since Beth, on his first visit to the bakery, had blown him and fucked him in her office. He'd told her beforehand she was getting a perfect score, and Beth had just wanted to thank him. Plus, she liked his good looks and hard body.

"Oh fuck me," exclaimed Belle. "What the hell? Why they picking on us?"

"Yeah," said Trish, pulling up her pants "Haven't we always gotten like perfect scores, or something?"

"Maybe that's why we were picked. Look, this isn't a normal inspection. The lady who is coming is actually the new head of county health. According to Roger, she's doing a few inspections to get acquainted with the community and the department. My guess is she wants to know whether we're really that good, or whether her staff just doesn't know how to find the flaws," Beth replied. "So would you for the love of God get dressed and back to work? For my sake?"

Belle pulled on her shirt and gave Trish a glance. They both stepped over to where Beth was and gave her a peck on each cheek. 

"Anything for you, boss lady," Belle said smiling.

"Thanks," Beth replied.

"Do you think she knows about Roger, I mean how appreciative we are of him?" Trish asked. "I hope not. I really enjoyed the threesome we had last time, remember Beth?"

"Threesome?" Belle questioned. "Where the hell was I?"

"Out sick, as I recall," Beth said. "It would really suck if she did. Maybe she suspects, and that's why she's coming."

"That's such bullshit. We fuck Roger cause he's a hottie, not for good scores," Belle said. "I've been cleaning this kitchen for more than four years and I'd bet my life savings that we'd pass with flying colors even if they sent an anal-retentive eunuch to check us out."

"Yeah, well Roger says this woman is a real anal retentive bitch. Everybody over there already hates her. Apparently, she's bragged about the number of restaurants she's actually shut down, never mind about the people she puts out of work, the cunt," Beth growled.

"Well, we're sorry we got distracted," Belle said. "We'll make sure everything is ship-shape, even if I do have to postpone my orgasm."

"We pass this inspection with flying colors, and I'll give treat both of you to a full night of orgasms," Beth promised them.

Despite having found them fucking in her kitchen, which had to be a violation of some county health code, Beth couldn't stay mad at her employees. They were like family, if one regularly engaged in passionate sex with one or more family members, sometimes several at once. Trish was one of her newer staff members, a community college student studying the culinary arts who worked a few days a week to gain real-life experience. Belle, her longtime friend and lover, had agreed to help Beth launch the bakery. Having done so, she opted to stay on as Beth's second-in-command, both because she loved working there and she knew that sticking around meant lots of sex and not just with the boss. 

Beth Mitchell had purchased a Lotto ticket on a whim one Sunday afternoon five years ago and a few days later found herself $15 million richer. Unlike many lottery winners who have no idea how to deal with their winnings and end up wasting them, Beth knew exactly what to do with her new-found riches. She had long dreamed of opening her own bakery. Cooking was one of her two great passions. The other was sex, and she knew from the beginning that somehow, she would have to incorporate this aspect of her life into the business. 

She could have specialized in adult-themed baked goods like penis-shaped cookies or cakes formed to look like tits, but wouldn't come close to satisfying her urges, although she would happily fill any private order for such goods. No, her means of integrating sex into her business was through employees, suppliers and customers, representatives of all three having found their way into her bed.

It was through her employees, though, that Beth truly filled her need for regular, passionate sex. Most of her staff members were either friends or referrals from friends or current employees, who knew just the kind of free-wheeling, good looking employees Beth was looking for. Belle and she had had met one night at a wine tasting and been fuck buddies every since, always willing to lend an ear, tongue or strap-on whenever one or the other needed comforting. Belle had in turn recommended Patti, a former employee who had been equally open to amorous relations between co-workers. Patti had helped bring in Jesse, whose black and Swedish ancestry and dedicated workout routine caused most women to drool at the mere sight of him. Those whom he took to bed worshipped him even more after being treated to the delights of his long, thick cock.

"Where is Jesse?" Beth asked Belle. "He's scheduled for this morning, right?"

"Yeah, he called. Car trouble, but said he'd be in by six-thirty. Trish and I can get everything started. I just checked today's dough and everything looks good," Belle replied.

"Do we know when inspector bitch is due to show up," Trish asked Beth.

"No, Roger said it would likely be mid-morning. They have a staff meeting, so he assured me it wouldn't be first thing," Beth said.

"Are you really that worried," Belle asked.

"Oh, I know we can pass anyone's inspection. I guess I just don't like the idea of some snotty bureaucrat coming in here just to make trouble. Plus I don't want to be on the wrong side of the health department," Beth replied. She had worked too hard to build a successful business that perfectly met all of her needs and no ambitious bitch with a stick up her ass was going to going to jeopardize all she'd built. She pondered what to do about this woman as she headed upstairs for a shower. 

Thirty minutes later, she was back downstairs, working alongside Jesse, who'd arrived a few minutes earlier, preparing the muffins, sweet rolls, croissants and other breakfast goodies that were the bakery's morning mainstays. While they worked, Beth explained to Jesse about the surprise inspection and how he could help.

"I have complete faith in you guys. But none of us wants this woman causing problems. So I was hoping that once she's here, you could lay on the charm. You can charm the pants off of almost anyone. You know, like you did me when I interviewed you for this job."

"Yeah, that was nice," Jesse chuckled at the recollection. He'd applied at the bakery after deciding that becoming an engineer just wasn't for him. He wasn't sure what was, so decided to take his friend Patti's recommendation and apply at Beth's. The morning of the interview, he sat on the couch across from Beth's desk – she only had the one chair – while they reviewed his resume and work experience, Jesse casually flirting the whole time, more out of habit than anything else. When they'd finished, Beth came around and joined Jesse on the office couch under the pretense of reviewing the employee handbook. Within a minute, her hand was resting on his thigh and within five, he had both hands up her shirt and his tongue halfway down her throat. Very little was said in the rest of the interview, but Jesse walked out with a job offer and a big smile on his face while Beth knew she'd found a very valuable employee.

"Well, so, I'm just saying, be nice to her. Don't hover or anything, but you know, try to bump into her every now and then, smile. Fuck, you know what to do," Beth said.

"If I didn't know better, I'd say you were trying to pimp me," Jesse grinned at her. "What's in this for me?"

"You keep her happy, and I'll make you happy in any way you want. Just pick a night," Beth said. It occurred to her that if the inspection went well, she'd owe sexual favors to almost half her staff. The thought did not displease her.

The morning brought a steady stream of customers and the crew was kept busy enough that Beth's concerns about the health inspection slipped to the back of her mind. It was Trish, manning the front counter, who saw the inspector come in. She recognized her by the county ID tag around her neck and the clipboard in her hand. Trish discretely turned and caught Belle's eye, who stepped quickly over to Beth's office, where her boss was catching up on paperwork.

"She's here," Belle said.

"Okay, thanks. I'll be right there.."

Trish greeted the woman with a smile as she stepped up to the front counter.

"Good morning, what can I get for you," she said in her chirpiest voice.

"Your manager, please. County health department," the woman replied in an even tone, giving her an expressionless look and holding up her county badge.

"Oh,okay, right away," Trish said, then turned and stepped back through the doorway into the kitchen. "Belle, Beth has a visitor from the county health department."

Belle came up to the door and looked out because she figured that would be the typical response of an employee to an unannounced visit by a health inspector. A minute later, Beth came out and walked around the counter, extending her hand to the woman.

"Hi, I'm Beth Mitchell, the owner. How can I help you?" she asked, trying to look surprised and even a little unhappy at having an uninvited representative of the health department dropping by. She did not have to fake the unhappy part.

"Heather Collins from County Health," the woman said in that same flat tone, keeping her voice low so as not to alert any customers, which in turn would give the bakery cause for a formal complaint. "I'm here to do a random inspection of your facility. As you know, under County Code and the terms of your operating license, such inspections are allowed and you are required to provide all reasonable access."

Beth bristled a little at the woman's manner and her unspoken assumption that the bakery had something to hide or would be uncooperative. Fuck this bitch, she thought, two can play at this game.

"I'm sorry, but may I inspect your credentials," Beth asked, adding just the touch of a harsh edge to her tone.

"Certainly, it's right here, " Heather said, holding up her ID badge, which hung from a lanyard around her neck. She held the cord between her thumb and index finger, allowing the laminated card to dangle a few inches in front of her breast, expecting that Beth would give it a cursory glance and then get out of her way.

Instead, Beth took two steps forward so that she herself was just inches from Heather Collins and grasped the ID badge, holding it up closely to her face. She stood there scrutinizing it for almost twenty seconds, front and back, and then carefully laid it back down on the woman's chest, allowing her hand to delicately brush one of the inspector's breasts as she did so.

"Very well, then," Beth said, continuing to stand well within the limits of Collins' personal space. "Of course we'll be as helpful as possible. Would you care to start in the kitchen, or out here in the customer seating area?"

"Out here would be, ah, fine," Heather stammered, clearly taken aback by Beth's boldness. Like many strong personalities granted even a modicum of power, she expected most people to back down from her, and Beth's behavior was confusing. She also couldn't deny that she had felt a distinct tingling sensation run through her body when Beth brushed her bosom. Since her divorce from her cheating bastard of an ex-husband, and even for a year before that, her sex life had been lacking. She wasn't used to physical contact with others, especially on her breasts. She felt rattled, but taking a deep breath, she steeled herself to retake control of the situation, then reached into her large black shoulder bag and extracted a small digital camera.

"I'm sorry, what is that for?" Beth asked, unhappy that Collins planned to take photographs of her business. It might disturb customers and bring attention to the inspection. But she realized a confrontational approach wouldn't help her.

"I like to document my findings with visual evidence," Collins snapped back, even more harshly than she'd intended. "I find that it helps when my conclusions are challenged."

Heather stared hard into Beth's eyes, assuming that she was now back in control. That feeling ebbed a little when, instead of arguing, Beth simply smiled and, reaching out, gave Heather's wrist a gentle squeeze. The act once again sent that tingling sensation through her.

"Well, that makes perfect sense. I'm sure it can be a real pain when people attempt to cover up their screw ups by saying that it was an unfair inspection. I'd do the same thing. Please take all the photos you like. I'd just ask that you try to not upset my customers."

This left Collins feeling even more disjointed. Beth was not at all reacting the way most of the people she dealt with would. And it was even more surprising because Heather Collins was completely certain that Beth's Corner Bakery did not deserve the stellar inspection scores it had been receiving. She suspected that Beth or one of her employees was influencing Roger Beeman's reports, and she guessed it was through sex. The man was a noted womanizer. She was, of course, half right. Beeman had been screwing Beth and her staff, but his scores truly did reflect what he found on his inspections. 

"Of course," Heather said, tucking the camera back into her back. "I'll reserve the photography for the kitchen."

"Excuse me, Beth, but you have that phone call you've been expecting," came a smooth, sonorous voice from behind Heather. Jessie had come around through a rear doorway into the customer section and crept up on the inspector. Now he stepped up and stood beside her, looking at Beth. There was no phone call, but Beth wanted a plausible reason to keep out of Collins' way and thereby provide an excuse for her to turn to Jessie for assistance.

"Oh crap. I completely forgot. I'm sorry, but this is a really bad time for me. I'm on the board of a small businesswomen's association and we're having a conference call," Beth said in an apologetic voice. "I'm really sorry. But this is Jessie, one of my top employees. He'll be able to help you with anything you need. Jessie, this is Heather Collins from the health department. She's doing a random inspection."

"It's very nice to meet you, Miss Collins," Jessie rumbled, his voice sending tremors through Heather, as it did to a great many women he met. "I hope we haven't had any complaints."

If she had been disconcerted by Beth, she was completely overwhelmed by Jessie. He beamed down at her, clad in a tight white t-shirt and pants that bulged impressively in all the right places. She slowly held out her hand, almost mesmerized by this gorgeous man standing beside her. Jessie took it, holding it gently but firmly in his for far longer than would normally be appropriate. 

"No, just a random check," she managed to say.

"Well, please just let me know how I can help you," he said, gazing down into her eyes. 

It seemed to the inspector that Jessie's eyes, a subtle shade of greenish grey, saw right through into her most hidden thoughts and desires. And right now, those thoughts were of two naked bodies clasped tightly in a lustful embrace right there on the bakery's floor. Collins blinked rapidly several times to try and free herself of this vision and began to rummage in her bag to distract herself.

"Thank you for the offer," she said, smiling at Jessie. "But really, I generally just do my own thing when I'm inspecting. But I'll come get you if I need you."

"Well, I've got to go into the kitchen, but just call out if you need anything," Jessie said, and then quickly turned away, smiling to himself. This, he thought, might be even easier than he'd imagined.

Heather watched Jessie disappear into the back, and stood staring after him for several seconds while some part of her brain over which she apparently had no control continued to roll out newer and more graphic images – she sucking Jessie's cock, straddling him with his cock pushing up into her, him fucking her from behind while she ate out Beth Mitchell's cunt. All of them were unbidden, but they were definitely having an impact as she felt flushed and unsteady. She pulled a small flashlight and pen out of her bag and began making notes on the clipboard, forcing herself to concentrate on the task at hand. She inspected under each table and counter, looking into every nook and cranny in the bakery's public areas, and then did the same behind the front counter. She even examined a random sampling of cups, glasses and plates with a magnifying glass. 
