 Beth supposed it had started from boredom as much as anything else. 

After all, even with a well-off husband, there was only so much shopping a woman could do in town. Just so many charity events one could help with, or lunches at the country club, or any of the other "expected" things. And, "No wife of the Saunders family is going to work at some menial job," was the response she'd gotten the one time that subject had come up.

She'd known coming into things most of what to expect, of course. That was the price you paid to live on the "right" side of town, to be one of the families that all the regular folks pointed at and admired and wished they could be like. Growing up she'd always known the proper steps, the little rituals and pretend smiles that took place to get what you wanted and maintain the status quo. Go to the right schools, take the right classes. Find the proper husband and live a comfortable life without too many questions. Terry might be a bit older than she'd planned on, and of course there were the occasional whispers because she was his second wife, but it was the perfect setup for a proper young lady. 

The first couple of years that had been enough - Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders put on a good face, played the social circles, and minded her manners. Those youthful college indiscretions and experiments were now well behind her as she settled into her role of well-behaved housewife. Decorating the home with her own touches; Terry certainly didn't mind, as he focused on his family business and watching their accounts grow, as well as his flirtations with political office and the required travel to the state capital. Maybe they didn't have sex as frequently as she'd hope, but a girl could get past that. But, as time went on, it started to strain on her more and more, the need for passion and closeness making her understand the temptations that lured those soap opera women becoming real in her own life. She was only 30, surely there must be something she could do to add spice to her day, to satisfy her lusts and yet still maintain that perfect image and decorum for their comfortable lifestyle? 

Of course, she was far from the only wife (or husband) in the neighborhood tempted to stray, she wasn't naive on that by far. Half the couples on the block were probably marriages of convenience by this point, or had their own secret issues and kinks. Among her circle it seemed at times the only real rules were "be discreet, don't make it a scene," and "whatever you do, don't let the "regular" people find out. Enough chats over coffee or afternoon cocktails gave her the idea of trying a brief fling with one of the handsome pool boys, and a second dalliance took place with a well-read young teacher at the local university. But Beth quickly discounted those routes as a means of satisfaction; the other party kept having a horrible habit of getting feelings, of turning what should be simple physical release between two willing adults into dreams of a future, as if she'd walk away from her life for the sake of a few orgasms. 

No, she'd stumbled upon the perfect setup by accident. A forgotten lawyer's appointment at the house, when she had been working on her tan by the pool, leading to a mutual seduction and afternoon of sex had opened her eyes. Beth had found the way to satisfy her urges, all while ensuring the other party was equally invested in the discretion. 

Older men. Older, married men. And, not like "mid-30's, stepping out on their wife," men. No, the late forties to fifties respectable men - still passionate, but not getting what they needed at home, and more than happy for an eager partner who was there for release as well, and wasn't about to bother them to be set up as a mistress or financially supported. In fact, Beth liked the element of being their kinky little secret; she may not be some tight little co-ed anymore, but her curves still turned the heads of people when she walked by, and she loved indulging their fantasies (as well as learning a few new things from her own). 

So, over the summer she'd built up her little rotation, the ones who knew she was available at the right times, the ones who brought a new smile to her face and spring to her step. She wondered how many gossips in the town would be shocked at the things she'd learned, the secrets she was now part of? 

The family lawyer, always eager to make a house call now, knowing that before the papers were signed he could lick her to his heart's content, how he worshiped her close-trimmed ginger pubes, and loved to have her ride him afterwards. The model of discretion, he made sure the billable hours always added up when they got sent to her husband.

There was Tim, the straight-laced pastor, with the perfect little wife and adoring kids, the one who was first in line to remind everyone about moral strength and avoiding temptation. Beth wondered how many people in church each Sunday could imagine their spiritual guide, his kink for watching her masturbate on his desk before tit-fucking her until he came?

The fact they all knew her husband made it kind of exciting to her as well. Beth wasn't trying to humiliate the man, and certainly kept everything quiet - but it made it somehow more risqué to cheat on him with men he respected and looked up to in the community. Particularly when they got to do things with her that Terry never did, would never imagine her doing...

Like Mr. Wilson, the retired senator (NEVER "Dean," it was always "Mr. Wilson) - the one who was helping set up Terry's bid for the state legislature next year. The one who liked her to suck him off while they drove around in his nice car with the tinted windows, or when she'd wear trashy lingerie as he fucked her on the couch while his wife was at her weekly bridge game. 

The truth was, Beth got off on it too. She loved being the model housewife when Terry was around, prim and proper and respectable (even if sometimes she was still sore from a good pounding just hours before), smiling for his business partners as they planned the future. But she also loved being the secret girl who searched porn sites for new ideas to thrill her flings with, to give them the things their boring wives wouldn't, to be the dirty girl they fantasized about during the boring social get-togethers. They all knew there must be "others," but no one pried and she got the best of both worlds out of the deal. 

That's how she'd ended up here, after all, at the Labor Day picnic the neighbors threw every year. Here in the garden pagoda, her cocktail dress raised around her waist, panties nowhere to be found, as she rode Michael's hard cock with the other guests only yards away on the other side of the bushes. Michael, who'd made his own money and connections young, and had only gotten more positioned through his consulting work now, whose wife Janet was the neighborhood busybody that everyone knew was only still there because he hadn't done a pre-nup. Michael, who was always happy to help Terry Saunders out with another introduction or connection, and who right now was holding Elizabeth Saunders's hair tightly in his hand as he ground up to meet her while telling her what a hot little slut she was as she moaned...

"MMmmm, girl, I've been dying to fuck you again all week." Michael said softly into her ear with a particularly deep thrust. "My cock has missed you so fucking much!" His beard scraped gently at her soft cheek as he held her close to him, the scent of his cologne and underlying manhood arousing her more. "As wet as you are, I think you wanted it too, Beth."

She hadn't exactly planned on fucking him (or anyone) tonight, particularly with so much risk of someone catching on to her indiscretions. But, Beth also believed in being prepared... So, maybe she had made sure that tonight's choice of dress was cut just a tiny bit higher than it should be, that the top had a way of gaping slightly when she leaned, showing off her latest Agent Provocateur acquisition supporting her cleavage. Maybe Beth had ensured that her jewelry and makeup were just right. That her lips were nicely shaved and strip trimmed close. That Terry had a couple of drinks at the house before they walked over, making him likely to notice less. 

The annual end-of-summer cookout was always a neighborhood draw. Michael and his wife would hire caterers and a band, there would be cocktails in the yard, a well-planned meal, and late drinks as people caught up on their vacation stories and fall plans. The fact more than one man at the soiree had fucked her recently only made her tingle a bit inside, half in pride, half wondering if their wives even suspected. Between the first couple of drinks and the mingling, Beth shortly found herself thinking on it more and more, and realizing that she'd need to do something about it soon. 

So, she certainly hadn't resisted the urge, or pretended not to catch the hint, when Michael had walked by her group a few minutes ago, making friendly small talk with his guests, and subtly nodding his head at her with a warm smile. Beth knew exactly what he wanted, and the warmth between her legs reminded her it worked both ways; so when she saw the older man walk past the hedgerow towards the hidden gazebo she made her own excuses and shortly followed. His eyes lit up as she had entered the shadowed nook, and when he took her hand leading her to the bench there wasn't any pretense of flirting or foreplay. That was one of the things Beth liked about Michael - he knew this relationship was purely sexual for both of them, and made no illusions about his desires. 

"Unh... unh... unhhhh..." Beth panted as she rode him, her bare, tanned legs straddling his still-clothed ones, sliding slowly up and down his thick shaft as she moaned. "I fell how hard it is. Were you planning to fuck me all along tonight, or... ooooohhhhh... or was this a spur of the moment decision?"

"Mmmmm, I love how your pussy feels, Beth. So hot and tight around me." One hand stroking her spine through the silk dress, pulling her close to him as he continued to fill her. The other tugging her hair just right, tilting her head back so he could kiss and tease her neck and collar bone, could pull her down to meet him as she remembered how she loved pleasing a man so. "When Janet said you and Terry were coming over tonight, I had to try. I've been thinking about fucking you ever since I got back to town last week." Each word punctuated by the movement of his cock inside her, sliding back and forth wetly as she ground her mound into his body. While she'd seen a few larger men in her life, Michael's combination of length and girth seemed to fill her just right - enough to make her gasp, but not so much as to cause her pain when he stroked deep inside her. 

"Oh, fuck, that's it," Beth gasped as the moment briefly overtook her. Michael chuckled, shushing her softly, reminding her how close everyone else was. "You're so fucking dirty, Michael. My husband and the others are going to hear at this rate. Did you think I'd just spread my legs like that for you, in your house with your wife here?" she playfully pouted and started to pull away, even though both knew it was only a tease. 

Michael grunted as he grasped her hips, pulling her back to him as he used the opportunity to spin them both, Beth now on her back, legs up blatantly as he straddled the bench between them, looking down at her as he started to stroke once more. "Don't you fucking go anywhere, Beth," Michael gasped. "You know you love it just as much as I do. You love getting fucked by me, knowing that you get me hard like she never could you little slut." His words soft but firm in the early evening air, as his hips ground into her and she wrapped her legs tight around him. 

If he only knew how right he was, Beth briefly thought to herself. "MMMmmm yes, give me that hard cock, Michael. You're right. You like your dirty little neighbor, filling me with your dick while my husband never knows. Can you see it in me? Can you see how wet my little cunt is for you baby?" She'd learned early on that her lovers may be older, but they were just as excited by the visual and by dirty talk as any boy a third their age, and she knew how to use it to her advantage. Matching her words with actions, Beth pointedly looked down at her own crotch where her body rose to meet his thrusts, seeing the wet, pink lips of her slit wrapped around his shaft, her juices glistening in the light as he pumped in and out faster. 

Michael's eyes were equally glued between them, his lust apparent as he watched Beth reach down to blatantly rub and tease her clit as he fucked her. "Oooohhh, you know it looks hot, Beth. I love seeing you, seeing how hot you get, watching us fuck. It makes me so hard!" His words and breath coming faster as he pumped, his larger frame looming over her as each stroke drove her into the bench beneath. "God, I've missed being in you. I won't last long baby." The older man moaning as she smiled, clenching down her pelvic muscles to tease him further as she moved against him. 

"Do it, Michael. Fuck me hard. Fill me with your cum, you know I love it!" was Beth's reply. And she did love it, truly. Between the way his prick filled her, sliding in and out and hitting that spot just right, her fingers rubbing her clit, the gaze of his eyes upon her, the struggle to keep their words and sounds quiet from the people so close by, the risk of it all - she knew she was just as close to an orgasm as he was. What is wrong with me, why do I get off on acting like this? Beth briefly wondered, but her only answer was the growing need in her own body, the desire to please her lover matching her own lusts as she rubbed faster. "OOoooohhhh, fuck, that's, that's, oooohhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmmm..." Beth gasped, having to bite her own lip hard to keep from crying out as the orgasm surprised her with a sudden onslaught. Two fingers still rubbing fast as she wrapped her legs tight around Michael's hips, pulling him deep into her as she quivered and fought for more. 

It was too much for Michael. His pent-up desire, the urgent need for her, the sight of her spread and ready, and the sensation of her orgasm was enough to push him over that same edge. "MMmmmmm damn yessssssss!" he muttered, fighting for his own control as she felt the throbbing warmth, saw his body stiffen and press harder into her as he emptied himself. "Fuck, Beth, I'm cumming already you tease," he grinned as he continued to take short jabs as they both panted in release. "I needed that."

It took a few moments for Beth to catch her breath, but when she did she playfully nipped at his hand as he pulled away. "I came too, you dirty old man. So I don't think either one of us was teasing!" She watched as he stood, gathering his decorum as he tucked his already-softening cock back into his slacks, smiling gently as he recovered. Elizabeth stood as well, doing her best to smooth her dress down and straighten her hair for the evening, hoping that she didn't have too much of a "just fucked" look about her. "Now, where the hell did my panties go?" she muttered under her breath as she gazed around. 

Michael interrupted her search as he briefly drew her close, giving her a passionate kiss as he smiled. "Mmmm, I should have done that part earlier, sorry!" he half-laughed as she kissed him back, grinding teasingly against him. "I need to go make sure the caterers are almost ready, or Janet will have a meltdown." His voice soft in the darkening air as she came back to the reality of their location. "But, I'm not done with you yet. I plan to cum in all three of your holes before you go home tonight..." With that, he turned and eased his way out of the maze of bushes, probably sliding into the house without notice as Beth stood there flushed and pondering his words...