 What's love got to do with it?

Beth's Story - Part 1

To describe my life as complicated would be an understatement. My story starts about two years ago. At the time, I was an eighth grade social studies instructor at our local Junior High School and had just recently finished my seventh year of teaching. That magic number earned me the security of tenure. I wasn't going to get rich as an educator but it provided steady income, great benefits and a retirement plan. Teaching was said to be its own reward, but I always thought a little fatter paycheck would be a welcome sight.

My husband Randy had been a science and math teacher at the High School, but recently, he took the position of principal at my school. It had taken him three years of evening classes for him to complete his Masters in School Management. I was proud of him. His promotion came with a hefty boost in pay that would allow us to finally purchase our own home and plan for our second child. The only complication was that the school board had to make an exception to their nepotism rules in hiring him. 

The only real glitch for us was that our schedules now conflicted. When Randy was teaching at the High School, his work schedule allowed him to pick up our son from daycare, but that was impossible now with his new hours. However, even that worked out when Randy's mother offered to pick Billy up and babysit him until we got home. This also gave Virginia purpose, since she was widowed about a year ago. 

Life was good. Almost too good. Call me a pessimist, but when life gives me virtually no resistance, I start looking over my shoulder.

I remember it was a Tuesday in early April when I had to leave my third period class early to make a medical appointment. As I was approaching my car, my teacher's aid came rushing up to me. 

"Beth, I need to tell you something," Maria said, trying to catch her breath. 

"Can it wait? I'm on my way to my doctor." 

"Actually, it can't. It's taken me a week to get up the nerve to tell you this. If I don't do it now, I might not be able to later."

I stared at her and saw from the look in her face she was about to burst into tears. I said, "What has you so upset?"

"Remember I told you about my recent divorce and how my good-for-nothing ex-husband cheated on me?"

"I vaguely remember that, but what does that have to do with me?"

"I can't stand by and watch your husband do the same thing to you. I could never forgive myself if I didn't say something."

"My husband Randy? That's a huge accusation." 

"I'm sorry to tell you, but it's true."

"What evidence do you have?"

"If you mean pictures and such, none. All I know is that I went into the supply room about a week ago and caught him in an embrace with that new temp secretary. They were kissing and he had his hand in her sweater. They jumped away from each other the moment they saw me." 

My first reaction was anger. I wasn't angry at Randy as much as I was with her for interfering with my perfect life. However, I was able to retain my composure and said, "I appreciate you telling me, but I think you should let this go. I will talk with my husband. I trust there is a simple explanation. Could you please not say anything to anyone else?"

"But... but I..."

"Promise me you'll not mention this to anyone else."

"I promise...I haven't... I wont."

"Good, now go back to class. I'm sure the substitute could use your help. I'll deal with this on my own."

-oOo-

As I drove to my appointment, my anger grew. If Maria's blatant accusation against Randy was true, I was faced with a decision no wife wants to face. I wanted to believe he was as faithful to our marriage as I was, but there was the nagging feeling he might have reverted back to the philandering ways he had in college. We had dated over a year before he was able to settle down enough for us to become exclusive. He was what I referred to in college as a scalp hunter. I was unfortunately one of his scalps.  

Randy's easy-going mannerisms and chiseled good looks made him a chick magnet and he knew it. He still retained that aura about him all these years later. I got used to women flirting with him over time. 

I remembered how we first met. It was at the library when he asked to use my table. I couldn't help but notice him, but he seemed oblivious to my existence. The next time I saw him was at a fraternity party. He had come with some tall, buxom blond with fake tits. She clung to him like a second skin. 

I attended the party stag because my boyfriend had dropped out of school for a family crisis. He promised to keep in touch, but I hadn't heard from him since he left. That broke my heart and I wasn't looking to repeat that mistake ever again. The only reason I even attended the party was because my roommate talked me into it. She told me I was being anti-social and the best way to get over a man was to be around lots of people. I reluctantly went with her, though I believed her theory flawed. 

It was a typical college blowout, with underage drinking, loud music and more than a few obnoxious drunks. I made my appearance and was ready to leave this excuse for a party. I had spent most of the time there avoiding getting my ass grabbed. I considered those juvenile frat beer-busts a waste of my precious time. I wasn't about to kill my brain cells on cheap booze.

"So, you here with someone?" A deep voice whispered in my ear as I was standing in line to get a soda at the makeshift bar. I felt his breath on my neck.

I turned to see him grinning at me. His grey blues eyes were penetrating and his perfect white smile sparked with confidence. I wasn't interested.

"No... I'm not here with anyone, but you are," I said, looking around for the chick he came with. 

"No worries. She's just a girl I met in political science. I can't believe someone like you is here alone."

"Actually, I'm here with my roommate, but I'd rather be working on my English assignment. What do you mean, someone like me?"

"Are you kidding? Look at you. You're not only beautiful but self confident, and I can tell you are highly intelligent."

"And you can tell all that how? Are you some sort of psychic?"

"Well, it doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to figure it out. Your beauty speaks for itself. Your confidence is obvious in the way you carry yourself and fend off these idiots. I know you're highly intelligent because you are wearing a sweatshirt from the most prestigious academic sorority on campus...But yes, you could also say I have a special gift. I know how to read women, and can tell precisely what they want."

"And I can tell a truck load of bullshit when I smell it," I replied.

He laughed and said, "Okay, okay, but I can prove it to you, if you go out with me."

"You're asking me on a date? Why would I do that? We just met. Do you really think you're that charming?"

"Actually, this is the second time we met. The first time was at the library."

"I hadn't noticed," I lied.

"I told you I have a gift, and I predict that we're meant to be together. Go out with me. Call it an experiment in social science." 

"I call it a lame attempt to seduce me. Go back to Barbie. I've got homework to do. Goodnight, and... nice try. You didn't even bother to ask my name."

As I turned to walk away, he shouted above the music, "Randy, my name is Randy. What is yours?"

I stopped at the door and replied, "Use your psychic powers. You'll figure it out."

So, that's how we met. I completely forgot about him while cramming for midterms. It was about a week later that I returned from class to find a bouquet of roses on my desk. I thought they were from Bobby, but when I read the card, it said, Happy Friday. Meet me at Grizwalds at six-thirty. xxx Randy. 

One thing Randy wasn't lacking in was confidence. I had never met such a cocky, overbearing, self indulgent person in my life. I held the vase of roses over the wastebasket, but... I couldn't let them go. Then, I went back to my required reading, determined to ignore his audacious offer of dinner. I finished my reading assignment a little past six o'clock. The invitation beckoned me. I tried my best to ignore it because I knew he was nothing but a player. I was determined not to just be another notch in his belt. 

I thought, how presumptuous he was to believe I would even show up. Ignoring my apprehensions, I decided to wear jeans, a sweatshirt and just a touch of lip gloss. There was no way I'd give him the satisfaction of dressing up, and I certainly wasn't going to be there early. 

The restaurant was crowded with a long line of people waiting to be seated. Looking around, I saw Randy sitting in a corner booth. He was wearing a tight T-shirt that enhanced his large biceps and muscled chest. I slipped in the booth across from him without saying a word. 

He grinned at me, flashing his pearly whites and said, "You're late!"

"I wasn't even going to come, but a girl has to eat. A free meal is not something a starving student can pass up."

"Oh, so you think I'm buying?" He chuckled. 

I stood up to leave. 

He grabbed my hand and said, "Loosen up. I was joking."

"What is it you want from me?" I asked, looking him directly in the eyes.

"Are you always that direct?"

"Randy, you have a reputation and I'm committed to my education. I don't have time for romance and game playing. Tell me precisely what you want." My tactic was to take command of the situation and I could see that took him by surprise. 

He looked a bit perplexed as he stared at me intently. I think he was searching for the right words. About that time, the waitress came to the table for our orders. I told her to give us a few minutes. 

Then I asked him, "Well?"

"Beth, you're not like anyone I've ever met."

"At least you found out my name. So you know, I'm not looking for a relationship. I just got out of one and don't have time to start another. Tomorrow I have a midterm and my time is at a premium. We can either spend our time eating and having meaningless chit-chat or we can go back to my place and fuck. I assume that's what you're looking for."

He didn't reply right away. He just stared at me in disbelief. I acted like the aggressor partly just to see his reaction. Actually, I had never done anything like that before. He continued to look at me like he was trying to figure me out. Finally, he asked, "Are you serious?"

"What do you think? You're the one with the gift."

The waitress returned and asked, "Do you see anything you like?"

Randy stood and took my wrist, pulling me up. He replied to the sever, "Yup, I found something I like a lot." He tossed a tip on the table and we left. 

After I opened the door to my dorm room we were both naked in what seemed like seconds. His body was magnificent and his equipment was more than adequate to get the job done. Randy was in my opinion a few steps above handsome. He was beautiful. Foreplay seemed like something for a future date and not today. He was on me and in me with hardly a kiss. That evening, I think we tried the entire Kama Sutra. It was good I practiced yoga. Our twenty-two year old libidos were operating in overdrive. 

I found his recovery time to be remarkable, making it almost nonstop sex. I was never one to be a demure, quiet lover. By the time we were done, I was sure the whole dorm was well aware of what we were doing, and we did it a lot. My roommate peeked her head in briefly, smiled at me and left. It wouldn't have mattered if she stayed because there was no stopping this runaway train.

It had been well over a month since Bobby left and I was crazy horny. I'm sure Randy figured that out after I tried to fuck him to death. I don't normally compare lovers, but Bobby was a lightweight compared to Randy. The tenderness and gentleness Bobby always demonstrated wasn't present with Randy. He took me hard and I used him equally enthusiastically. It was pure sex without affection. We were more like two combatants vying for supremacy than lovers. I could only describe it as selfish sex. Three hours later he staggered away exhausted, hardly uttering a word. It was just what I needed, a good fucking without all the bullshit. 

Our random sexing continued sporadically for over a year like that. Most of the time it was instigated by a booty-call or text message. We were pure fuck-buddies and nothing more. There were no dinners, no movies and no complications. I had not seen anyone else but Randy because he was able to scratch my itch whenever I needed it, and I needed it a lot.

I suspected he saw other girls but that didn't bother me. Or at least I didn't think it did until I saw him with another girl at the student union. He had his hand on her hip and was kissing her earlobe. A sudden burst of jealousy gripped me unexpectedly. I turned to walk away. Actually, I ran away. He saw me leave and chased after me. I was in tears when he caught up to me in the quad.

"Look, Kitten, she means nothing to me. You said you didn't have time for a complicated relationship."

I glared at him and said, "For a guy that claims to have the gift of knowing women, you are clueless."

"What are you saying?"

"I'm saying you're an idiot." I ran away, not wanting him to see me cry. 

The next few weeks he called constantly. I ignored him. His messages became more and more desperate. Then he left a text that I still have today. It basically said that he couldn't live without me. We are meant to be together and he could never be with anyone but me. Then he used the 'L' word for the first time. Somehow, I felt the same. I knew I loved him. I guess his prediction of us being meant for each other came true. From that time on we were exclusive... until now.

I decided to not confront him but to monitor his activities closely. I knew Maria could have been influenced by her divorce and her observations compromised. I also knew we had been in a rut as a couple with our demanding schedules and family responsibilities. I am a proactive person that believes every problem has a solution. I looked at this as an opportunity rather than a setback and started paying more attention to my husband's needs, both in the bedroom and out. I also began doing things like grading papers after class instead of home, to give us more time together. I knew there were always reasons for marital problems. In my opinion, none were insurmountable.

After a few more weeks monitoring his activities, I neither saw nor heard anything suspicious. His secretary seemed competent, professional and friendly to me. Eventually, I was confident there was nothing going on. I did notice my efforts were paying dividends. Randy was a lot more enthusiastic in bed and we were back to three to four times a week. Life again was good. Maybe too good.

Three weeks later, I was grading the last of my term papers in preparation for spring break when Maria tapped on my office door. She was now assisting another teacher because I had her transferred. I thought it best we not work together after she made those accusations against Randy.

"What is it, Maria?" I asked. 

"I wanted to apologize for upsetting you the last time we talked. I can understand why you had me moved to another class after I accused your husband of cheating without presenting any evidence. 

"I accept your apology and understand why you reacted as you did. You have been through a lot. Is there anything else I can help you with?"

"As a matter of fact, there is. Something you'll find very interesting." She handed me her iPhone.

The phone had a photo open on it. It was a very clear picture of my husband kissing his secretary. I got flushed in the face, gasped, and stuttered, "W...When did you take this?"

"About an hour ago through the window in his office," she replied. 

I held her phone firmly and started deleting the pictures. She tried grabbing it back but I was too quick. 

"What are you doing?" she screamed. "That is your evidence!"

"These photos could destroy our family and cost my husband his job. I beg you to let me deal with this on my own. Please don't say anything to anyone else." 

Maria was adamant that he needed to be brought to justice, like she did her husband. I promised I would deal with it on my own. Maria agreed to say nothing, but It was my turn to apologize to her. She looked smug because of her vindication.

Right away, I started to formulate my plan. I couldn't ever remember being this disappointed before in anyone, but I was not one to cut and run. We have too much invested in each other to let this end us. However, I knew it was going to be a difficult road to salvage our marriage.

It took everything within me to act normal when I got at home. I avoided making eye contact with him and busied myself with domestic chores. He asked a couple times if anything was wrong. I convinced him I was just tired. As I put Billy's pajamas on him, I thought how he might be growing up in a split family. Ultimately, it would be me that would be blamed for splitting up our family if I filed for divorce. How do you explain infidelity to a three-year-old? I couldn't tell him mommy and daddy don't love each other because I still loved the unfaithful bastard. Knowing his background, I wasn't totally surprised by his betrayal.

"What's the matter, Kitten, bad day?" Randy asked again.

"Yeah, I had a horrible day. I really need this spring break. Mom called today and asked if I could drive out and let her spend time with Billy. You wouldn't mind fending for yourself and being a bachelor for a few days, would you?"

His face lit up as he replied, "Go ahead. I could use the time to jump on a few things I've been meaning to get into."

I thought, I bet one of those things is a buxom blond, but I replied, "I bet. You always immerse yourself deeply in your projects. Be careful to use protection... like gloves, goggles and such."

"When are you planing on leaving?"

"Spring break starts tomorrow. I thought I'd pack a bag for Billy and me tonight and leave tomorrow as soon as school is out. I'll try and make a menu for you before I go. Otherwise, you'll be living on beer and pizza."

"And that is a bad thing?" He laughed.

"Pizza and beer will make you fat. I don't think your girlfriend would like that." I smiled, making him think I was jesting. 

"My girlfriend is standing here in front of me."

"Oh yeah? Where?" I looked behind me. 

He wanted to make love to me that night but I told him I wasn't in the mood and that was the truth. It was the first time I ever refused him sex since we met. I had trouble sleeping with all the possible scenarios rolling around in my head. I felt like my perfect life was about to end. The divorce option loomed over me like the angel of death in a black robe with its ominous sickle.

-oOo-

We arrived at my mom's place in late afternoon. As soon as Billy saw her, he jumped in her arms. My mom did the usual grandmother thing by pinching his cheek and saying, "Look at you! You're growing like a weed." Billy giggled and did his best impression of a weed, which looked more like a zombie.

I wanted to confide in my mom and tell her what was happening but I didn't. If my makeshift plan didn't work, we would be separated and she'd find out quick enough. 

My plan was to drop Billy off at my mom's, but instead of staying there three days, I would drive back home in my mom's car and monitor our house from a distance. I prayed my suspicions were wrong.

There were some unexpected guilt feelings I seemed to be harboring. I kept thinking if I was sexier, or more attentive to his needs maybe he wouldn't have strayed, but I knew that wasn't true. This was all on him. 

The drive home felt like I was attending an execution. I waited across from our house for a couple hours. Only the porch light was on, indicating no one was at home. It gave me time to think. I thought through all the possibilities, still hoping Randy would realize what he was risking and end it. About nine o'clock my hopes were dashed when his car pulled into the garage. I saw a blond dressed to the nines step out of his car before the garage door rolled down. 
