 Beth and I first met on the internet, several weeks before we met face-to-face. We happened into the same chat room one random night, and began discussing things as insignificant as the weather, traffic, things to do around town, and so on. We enjoyed talking to one another so much, we decided to make a regular rendezvous online. Beth requested that we meet in cyberspace Tuesday nights, as she was rarely available on other nights. I was so intrigued by her, that I was willing to meet her anytime she chose. 

I was very curious to know what Beth looked like. I offered a couple of pictures of myself to her, which she took. I didn’t want to be rude, and ask for a photo from her, so I left it alone. I was already attracted to her in my mind, and that was always important. I knew that, despite the fact that there was little sexual discussion during our chats, I was very intrigued by this woman. We had conversations that lasted hours, and we never ran out of subject matter. I had alluded to her that I wanted her phone number, and even went as far as to offer mine. She accepted the number, but she didn’t indicate if or when she would call.

One day at work, my cell phone rang. I didn’t recognize the number calling.  “Hello?”

“Hi. This is Beth.”

Her voice was deep and sultry. It reminded me of an actresses voice from the golden age of Hollywood; slightly raspy, yet commanding. I was so excited that she’d called me, I couldn’t even speak for a moment. 

“Hi. How are you? I’m so glad you decided to call me.”

”I want to meet you. How about next Tuesday, we do lunch? Anywhere you like.”

“Of course. Let’s say, O’Reilly’s at about 12?” 

“Sounds good.” She paused for a moment, then followed with, “I can’t wait to meet you. This is going to be great.” 

I sat in a booth of our designated meeting place as the clock approached noon. I had asked the hostess to direct a woman named Beth to my table, if she asked. Shortly after I had arrived, the hostess led an attractive woman to my table. She was in her late twenties, of average height, around five and a half feet tall. She had short black hair, a gorgeous face, and a very nice body. She was of a somewhat slender build, although she had curves in the right places. She wore a powder blue sweater, and black pants. She was very hot, I thought to myself as she extended her hand. “Hi. I’m Beth.”

I stood up to shake her hand, and we both sat down. I was so taken with her, particularly her big green eyes. She had the kind of eyes that said a lot, without a word being spoken. She also seemed genuinely happy to be in my company. I’m not sure what perfume she was wearing that day, but it was amazing, and it only increased my newfound lust for this sexy woman.

We each ordered something light to eat. There was not a lot of conversation between us, at first. I know that I was kind of nervous, and I believe she was as well. We made with our usual small talk while picking at our meals, and then she surprised me with six words : 

“Let’s go back to your place.”

At first, I didn’t know what to say. She said it with such authority, as if she wouldn’t accept no for an answer. I was completely surprised, and totally taken off guard. I knew where my mind went immediately, but I wondered what she was thinking.

“What do you have in mind?” 

She smiled back at me, shyly, but with an undeniable hint of mischief. I couldn’t resist.

“Yeah, OK.”

I left some cash on the table, and we walked outside. I told her to follow me to my place, which was less than 10 minutes away.  She got in her car and followed me to my house.

I unlocked the door to my home, and opened it for her, following behind her. I turned around to lock the door behind me, and when I turned back to face Beth, she greeted me with a huge kiss. She began unbuckling my pants, her lips never leaving mine. Being this close to her and the smell of her perfume were enough to excite me, and the taste of her lips took it to another level. Without a word, my pants fell to the floor, and Beth fell to her knees.

She began to suck me like an animal that has found food after a long search. I grabbed the back of her head, but she smacked my hand away. 

She stopped long enough to say, “Don’t touch me yet”. Without another word, she continued to suck me.

I found this interesting, but I was definitely willing to play this game. I relaxed my hands at my side, and admired her from above. 

She stopped for a moment, and said, “Which way to the bedroom?”

“Down the hall, on the left.”

“Give me three minutes.” Still fully clothed, she grabbed her purse, and ran down the hall. I loved watching her firm, round ass, which was shaped quite nicely in the pants that she wore that day. I was already thrilled at the chance to have my way with this little minx.

I began to undress, tossing my clothes on the floor of my living room. I anxiously waited three minutes, and then walked into my bedroom. I found Beth lying on the far side of my bed, stripped to her pink cotton panties. Her body was great, and showed the slightest hint of a natural tan to it. Her breasts were gorgeous. Some would consider them small, but I considered them perfect. She laid on her right side, her left leg cocked in the air, and she was tracing her body with her fingertips, licking her lips.

“Come here.”

I moved onto the bed, meeting her lips again. Her skin was amazingly soft to the touch. I moved my hand from her arms down to her hips, sliding it inside her panties, ready to tear them off. She quickly moved her hand to mine, forcing it away.

What game is this, I thought.

I was so ready to be inside of her, but I wanted to please her orally first. Before I had the chance to try, she pushed me gently onto my back, and began to kiss her way down to my cock again. She took it back into her mouth, and began to suck furiously. She was insatiable. I reached my arm down to touch her again, to which she swatted me away again.

“Spread your arms out.” she said.

I stretched out on my back, spreading my arms to both ends of the mattress. My head rested on two pillows, watching her with great interest. Beth stood up on the left side of the bed, looking in my eyes the entire time, smiling. She walked towards the headboard, knelt down, and revealed a scarf. She gave a quick tug on the scarf, showing that it was secure. Now I know why she needed a few extra minutes in my bedroom. She began to tie my wrist with it. I had never been tied up before, even though I’d thought about it. I didn’t think I could have gotten more excited than I was when I walked into the room; I was wrong. 

She crawled across my body, licking me as she went. She reached down to the base of the other bedpost, and revealed another scarf. She tied my right wrist with it, then stood up and said, “Touch me now.”

I tried desperately to reach out and grab her breast, but I had less than two inches of give in my binds. Beth clearly enjoyed the fact that she was in charge. “Just one more thing, love.” she said. She reached into her purse and produced a blindfold. A mild wave of fear ran over me at that moment. I couldn’t think of a point in my life where I’d ever been in less control than I was at this moment. I also know that I wanted to be inside this woman very, very badly. Without asking permission, she placed the blindfold over my eyes. My world was now complete darkness, and I couldn’t move my hands or arms from the side of the bed.

I felt Beth’s weight removed from the bed for a brief moment, and then she climbed back on. She began kissing and licking my body, beginning with my feet. She stopped long enough to give me head again, and began crawling back up towards my face. I could sense her straddling me near my shoulders, and I could now smell her pussy. At that point she said, “Keep your tongue in your mouth.”

At that moment, I felt her skin rubbing against my face, and I felt the faintest traces of stubble against my cheek. She had shaved herself, and was now teasing me by rubbing it all over my face. I could hear her accelerated breathing. I stuck my tongue out and darted my head in the direction of her pussy, catching the briefest taste imaginable. She instantly jumped back.

“NO!” she commanded me.

I groaned in frustration, as she climbed back up, and began again. She felt amazing, and was driving me insane. I began bucking my hips into the air, dying to fuck her. I pulled at my scarf restraints for the first time since I was tied, and couldn’t budge them. I could smell her pussy, and combined with the smell of the perfume she’d chosen that morning, I wanted her more with each passing second. I could hear her chuckling, enjoying watching her captive attempt to wriggle free.

Beth moved down, and sat on my chest. She moved the blindfold up from my eyes enough so that I could see her. She sat with her legs wide open, inches from my face. It was beautiful, and completely bald. She laid back on my body, and began to masturbate. She watched me closely, watching her. Her right hand was moving in a steady, counter-clockwise motion over and over on her clit. I was hard as a rock now, and the tip of my cock was touching her back. I began to very slowly grind against her, afraid she would stop the show if I showed too much excitement. She was clearly enjoying herself, judging from the sounds she was making. My eyes rarely left her ever-moistening pussy, but when I wasn’t staring into it, I was watching her face. She would occasionally look at me out of the corner of her eye, smiling slightly, but then she would begin to rub herself faster and harder. 

I wanted to fuck this woman more than I could have ever imagined before our meeting. I pulled at the scarves tying me down again, with no success. I was ready to grab her and have my way with her, and was already imagining it when she positioned herself closer to my face, resting her legs above my head on the wall. 

“Eat me.”

Beth didn’t have to tell me twice. I buried my face and tongue inside her drenched slit. I could hear her moans of approval as I began to fuck her with my tongue. In and out my tongue went over and over again, and then I located her clit. I began to lick on it, followed by gentle gnaws on it. I was so pent up with lust that I just wanted to devour her. She began grinding her pussy all over my face, fucking it like mad. I could see her just enough to see that she was pinching her right nipple, while balancing herself with her other arm. She was leveraging herself with her legs, moving back and forth. Her pussy tasted so sweet, and it was so wet. My face was saturated with her lubrication, and my tongue was moving rapid-fire over her clit. 

“OOOH…OOOOOH…..OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!” She began to come all over my face, arching her back and absorbing the effect of the orgasm she just experienced. I licked up as much of her as I could reach. I began pulling on my restraints again, harder this time. It almost seemed that the more I pulled, the tighter they became. Gasping for breath, Beth sat up, and again began to play with her pussy. I tried even harder to get loose.

“Do you want to make love to me?” she asked, her breathing at its peak.

“Yes! Oh, dear God, please ride me!” I began bucking my hips again, frustrated.

She asked again, calmly. “Do you want to make love to me?”

“YES!!! GODDAMMIT, YES!!!” I shouted out in near-agony.

“Hmm. Too bad. I came here to get fucked.” She then lowered the blindfold back over my face, and she moved off of me. I could feel her weight removed from the bed.

I was consumed with what I can only term as ‘lustration’ at this point, and it took over. Almost without additional effort, I pulled on the scarves that had tied me down, and broke free from both of them. With two torn scarves dangling from my wrists, I tossed the blindfold from my head to the floor. I could now see Beth standing on the side of the bed, almost as if she were waiting for me. I grabbed her, and threw her onto her back on the bed. When I pounced on top of her, the leg beneath the corner of the bed where we were broke, and the bed fell to the floor. Sh shrieked, but I didn’t stop for a second. I shoved my steel-hard cock inside her pussy, which was still so wet, it was quite easy to slide in. I began to thrust feverishly. She yelled so loudly when I entered her I'm certain the neighbors heard, but I didn't care. I was taking what I wanted.

Beth was incredibly tight, as if she hadn’t been sexually active for quite some time. I knew the moment I entered her I wouldn’t last long, but I didn’t care. Beth’s actions had driven me to a point of primal urges I'd never experienced before. I was so aggressive, that if Beth were not there of her own free will, it could have almost been construed as rape. I grabbed Beth’s short black hair, and began to slam her head into the mattress. 

“IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED!?!” She didn’t answer me with words, but the open-mouth smile on her face and desparate gasps for oxygen said it all. Her green eyes had rolled back into her head as she ground her hips into mine, pulling as deep inside of her as she could. We were positioned with our heads near the floor, on the broken corner of the bed.

I didn’t even think about pulling out. 

“ARGH! UGGHH!! AHHHH!!!”

In fact, as I came, I pushed myself upright, and grabbed her hips, pulling them flush with mine making sure every drop possible was inside of her. I felt like I’d ejaculated a gallon inside of her. I pulled out, stood beside the bed, and stuffed my rapidly deflating penis into her mouth, ordering her “SUCK IT!” 

She happily took it into her mouth, gently sucking what was left out into her throat. I stroked her hair in my hands, standing above, admiring her while my sperm sizzled inside of her. My newfound lover gave me an unmistakable look of satisfaction. “Thank you. That was better than I could have imagined.”, she told me.

Not a word was spoken between us for a few moments, and then she burst out with, “What time is it?”

I glanced at the clock on my nightstand. “Ten till five.”

“I have to go. My husband will be home soon.”

WHAT?!?!? “Your…husband?”

“Yes, he travels for business on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. He’s usually home by six on Wednesdays.” She bolted up and began to get dressed. I stood there motionless, still trying to register the information just provided to me. I was also amazed at her flippancy, as if it were not a big deal to her.

“We don’t have sex anymore.”, she began. “He’s usually too tired, or too busy working, or gone. He makes enough that I don't have to work, but I get bored at home, and lonely. To be honest, I’m not even sure why we stay together. Laziness, maybe, or a certain level of comfort. Anyway, I don’t want this to be the last time you and I see each other. This was incredible, and we have every reason to continue. How about next Tuesday evening?” 

At that moment, it dawned on my why Beth had tied me up. Her husband neglected her so much, she thought this was the only way to keep a man in one place long enough to fulfill her needs. Beth was a beautiful woman, and any man would love to have her at his disposal for his own needs. It also explained her Tuesdays-only schedule of availability for me before. Husband be damned; she was now mine.

“It’s a date. A steady one, I hope.”, I told her. She finished dressing, and rushed out the door, leaving me with a kiss to remember her by. 

Beth and I see each other each Tuesday evening now. We take turns with tying one another down, as well as experiment in other sex games. She still loves to tie me up, but she also likes to be bound herself. She is completely open to anything that I want to do or try with her, and I with her.  She tells me she’s never been happier, physically or emotionally. 

Neither have I.