 David really didn't want to go running, but he knew that if he didn't go for his daily run he would really feel guilty later. No, what he really wanted to do was to make himself cum. He also knew though that if he went running and then came back to shower his body would reward him with a mind blowing orgasm. So not putting things off any longer, David put on his headphones and cranked up the tunes on his Walkman.

Just as he was finishing his warm-up mile he spotted his next door neighbor Beth ahead of him. Having been friends since both of their families moved into the neighborhood at the same time David never really noticed just how beautiful Beth was, but from the view he saw ahead of him, it suddenly made him notice just how nicely Beth had developed.

"What the heck, why should I run alone," David thought in his head as he sprinted to catch up with her.

Beth could feel the presence of someone coming up from behind but something told her it was okay. Looking over she was glad to see that it was her close friend David. She had just begun to notice how David had really filled over the summer. She also couldn't help notice a distinct bulge in his shorts as the two ran in sync.

"So how far were you planning on running today," David asked while suddenly noticing how Beth's large firm breasts swayed seductively as they ran.

"I'm not sure, ummm I just had to get out of the house to clear my head," Beth replied smilingly as she realized David wasn't really looking at her as much as he was staring intently at her chest.

"Shit!" David suddenly yelled as he nearly fell causing Beth to laugh.

"Well if you hadn't been staring at my tits you wouldn't have nearly busted your ass." Beth teased David.

David didn't know what to say, his best friend had caught him staring at her tits.

"Beth, I'm sorry. Please accept my apology." David said, embarassed at being caught.

"Hey don't apologize...I'm glad that you finally noticed." Beth yelled as she suddenly broke into a full sprint. "See later tonight," she yelled as she left David, who had suddenly stopped with his mouth open.

Later that same day...

As David stepped out of the shower he wondered what Beth had meant about seeing each other tonight. Had he forgotten about something they had planned earlier in the week? As he continued to towel off, the image of Beth's firm breast and tight ass began to flood his mind causing his cock to suddenly become quite hard. 

Now this wasn't a bad thing because David had been planning on jerking-off after he got out of the shower, but what he was some what confused by was why images of Beth were starting to become a source of erotic fascination. After all he had seen her in many a bikini before and never had become aroused, but now David found himself with a full blown hard-on because of the images of their running together earlier today. 

Taking advantage of having the whole house to himself, David didn't bother wrapping the towel around him. Instead he enjoyed the nasty feeling of walking to his room with his hand on his cock as he began to slowly jerk-off feeling his balls swinging as he walked.

Lost in the only thought of stroking his hard hot cock, David didn't bother to notice that his bedroom curtains were open allowing anyone who cared to look in to see him slowly sliding his hand up and down his engorged member.

Beth could hardly believe her eyes. Having just returned to her bedroom from her own shower, she was about to close her drapes to stroke her hard swollen clit. But when she looked out the window she couldn't believe the sight she saw. Her childhood friend, David, was jacking-off.

She new boys did that, and for that matter she often masturbated too, but she had never seen a guy really doing it.

David's body was soon overcome by the feelings coming from his cock as he slid his hand slowly up and down his shaft. Reaching between his legs, he began to gently tug on his swollen nut sack. He could feel the weight of his cum filled balls as he massaged them with his hand. The more he jerked off the harder his cock became causing his cock to begin dripping pre-cum.

Beth was so mesmerized by the sight before her that she was totally unconscious of her hand now gently pulling on the swollen nipple of her lust swollen breast. She licked her lips as she watched David jerking his cock...thoughts of wrapping her hot wet mouth around his hard hot cock filled her mind.

Beth moaned as her other hand traveled down between her legs to her swollen clit causing a wave of pleasure to radiate throughout her body. She just couldn't believe how hot David looked stroking his cock...she could just imagine what it would feel like as it slowly stretched her hot wet pussy.

David could feel his cock becoming more sensitive as he rapidly was approaching his orgasm. Not wanting to cum so soon he stopped to clam down so that he could have an even bigger and better orgasm. As his cock began to return to a normal aroused state David reached for some Vaseline that he liked to lube his cock with when he was having a marathon jerk-off session. As he was reaching for the jar he caught a glimpse of movement outside his window.

Turning to look David suddenly could not believe what he was seeing. His next door neighbor, Beth was shamelessly fingering herself. Not only was she fingering herself she was smiling directly at him.

Finally having gotten her life long friend and neighbor's attention, Beth signaled to David to come to her house. She wanted to watch David stroke his cock in person. She wanted to see his cock as he shot his warm juice. Better yet, Beth wanted to have David shoot his hot load all over her tits!

David still couldn't believe what he was seeing. Was Beth really telling him to come over? Not wanting to pass this opportunity David quickly threw on a pair of his running shorts and quickly walked next door to Beth's.

Beth was looking through the peep hole on her family's front door waiting to see David arrive. As David was about to knock on the door Beth, still naked, quickly opened the door and grabbed David inside.

Not wanting to waste anymore time, Beth quickly led David to her bedroom. Once they were inside her spacious room Beth locked the door. 

"Take your shorts off...I want to see that cock up close for myself." Beth said as she once again to stroke her clit. "Fuck....ahhh...come on let me see your cock," she moaned as a mini orgasm coursed through her body.

Wasting little time, David dropped his shorts...his hot hard cock bouncing as it became free. Staring at Beth's tits he wrapped his hand around his cock and began to slowly stroke his cock.

Beth momentarily stopped stroking her throbbing clit as she watched David's hand begin to slowly stroke his throbbing cock.

The room was filled only with the moans and sighs of the two extremely turned on friends as they both shamelessly masturbated in front of each other.

Beth just couldn't believe the size of David's hard cock. She just had to have it in her mouth. Dropping to her knees, Beth replaced David's hand with her own, wrapping her fist around his cock. 

Beth began a slow up and down motion on David's hot pulsating cock eliciting a groan to escape deep from within him. Slowly, as if an erotic dream, Beth brought David's cock to her mouth savoring the feeling as it filled her hot wet mouth. She had sucked cock before, but none of them seemed to have filled her mouth like David's cock. It was as if her mouth was meant for this one cock.

"Ahhh....fuck, suck it Beth....suck my fucking cock." David suddenly gasped, being caught totally off guard as his beautiful friend sucked his cock into her mouth.

Beth began to run her tongue along the bottom of his shaft. Just as slowly as she slid her mouth down his swollen shit, Beth slowly slid up the enter length circling the hot pulsating head with her tongue. 

Beth reached between David's legs and took his cum filled balls into her hands... gently pulling on them causing David to let out a deep low moan.

David knew that if he let her continue with her oral assault on his cock he would blow his hot load quickly. But he wanted to feel her pussy around his cock. He wanted to fuck her over and over again...to make her beg for him to fuck her hot wet pussy hard.

Removing his dripping cock from Beth's hot wet mouth, David joined Beth on his knees. Taking her face into his hands the two life long friends began to tenderly kiss. As their tongues danced in each others mouth they knew that this love was meant to be...both knew that never again would they be apart. Their love was a love that was meant to be forever. 

As their kissing grew more passionate, David began to explore the curves of Beth's tight body. As he began to caress her breasts he marveled at their firmness in his hands.

As the two lovers laid facing each other on the floor of Beth's room, David began kissing his way down her body. When he reached her lust swollen breasts David took her hard stiff nipples into his mouth. Over and over he ran his tongue in circles around the stiff buds causing Beth to shudder.

Continuing to suck and tongue her hard swollen nipples, David put one and then two fingers inside Beth's how wet pussy. As he fucked her hot wet hole, David took her swollen nipple in between his fingers and began to pull on it.

Beth was totally lost in the feelings radiating throughout her body. Never before had a boy made her feel this. Beth could feel her orgasm as it approached, knowing that this was going to be a cum like she had never experienced before.

"Fuck me David...oh please fuck me," Beth moaned over and over as she came all over David's fingers as they plunged in and out of her pussy. Beth's pussy juice began to cover David's hand as she had one orgasm after another. Never before had Beth came this hard. 

"Stop...ahhh...stop...fuck me...please fuck me," Beth moaned as she shook uncontrollably on David's fingers.

David slowly withdrew his fingers from Beth's hot pussy. Staring deeply into Beth's eyes he licked her juices from them as he replaced his fingers with his hard hot cock.

Slowly David sank his cock into Beth's pussy...it was if this one pussy was meant for his cock. David had fucked Beth's friend Amy, but some how Beth's pussy felt as if it was molded to fit his cock. Slowly he entered her until he finally felt his entire cock fill her hot wet pussy. 

As Beth felt herself opening up to David's cock her breathing deepened. She could feel every inch of his cock as he slowly fucked her hot wet pussy.

"Please...fuck me....fuck me hard," Beth begged...no longer wanting to be teased.

David lifted Beth's legs over his shoulders and began to relentlessly fuck her. 

The room filled with the sound of flesh slapping against flesh and the moans of two people savagely fucking each other.

"So fucking good...ahhh...fuck me baby...fuck me hard," Beth moaned over and over as David rammed his cock in and out of her pussy.

David couldn't believe how much of sex fiend Beth had suddenly become. It was then that he noticed how her larger firm tits where shaking as he fucked her hot wet hole. 

David was so turned on by this sight that he looked deeply into Beth's eyes. "Baby I'm getting ready to cum," he groaned.

"Yes cum in me....please shoot your cum in me," Beth begged as she too was quickly approaching her own orgasm.

The two lovers became a writhing pile of human flesh as both of their bodies were overcome by their orgasms It was as if time had suddenly stopped as they came over and over.

As David's hot cum filled Beth's pussy her juices washed over his throbbing cock as her body was rocked by her own intense orgasm. 

Not moving the two friends, and now lovers, slowly drifted off to sleep with thoughts of their love making feeling each ones dream.