 The convention center was hot and crowded: there must have been several thousand people there, milling about, standing in lines, generally being annoying, and Bethany was getting more frustrated by the minute. Her flight in had been fine; her hotel room was just fine; the convention center itself was just fine; it was this damned cold-as-slow tar line that was getting to her. Of course, the A-E line was moving, the F-K line was moving faster, and the T-Z line was nearly gone, it was moving so fast. 

"Why the hell do I have to have a name that always falls into the M-S line, the slowest fucking line on earth every time?" she fumed to herself. The humidity in the muggy Atlanta air outside was at least 90 percent, and the temperature was rising – inside and outside. And so was Bethany's.

"Excuse me, miss," came a deep, smooth voice from behind her, and Bethany turned, instantly ready to shut the intruder down. She looked up at the very tall, handsome man who was next in line. His smile was genuine and infectious, his face was pleasant and his manner was unassuming. Without knowing why, she was completely disarmed and stood looking at him in silence.

"I just noticed the tag on your briefcase shows a Utah address, and well, frankly, you don't look quite like what I expect to see coming out of Utah." Pause. "I hope I'm not bothering you, but I just had to say something." He smiled even bigger, and Bethany smiled back, genuinely, in spite of herself. "Pardon me for my rudeness," he said, extending his hand, "My name is Dave and I'm from Idaho. It's my pleasure to make your acquaintance."

She tried to fight the smile, but it wouldn't go away, so she looked into his eyes and took his hand. "Bethany," she breathed out, sounding a little sultrier than she meant to, "What makes me seem so different to you?"

"Well, I'm not sure I can tell you all the reasons standing out here in this not-so-private convention registration zoo, but I'd be happy to give you a complete list if you would share a cup of coffee or a bagel or, well, hell, anything with me for a few minutes. But just for starters, I wouldn't expect a skirt that starts in that particular place on your thighs, and the heels just speak to me. I won't tell you what they are saying here, but in a booth or a quieter place I'll quote them word for word."

She was startled to realize that she still had a hold of his hand. "I can't think of a better way to avoid all the likely assholes here for this convention," she said. Do you think you can get us a table?"

"Ahem, I already took the liberty of taking care of that. I have one reserved for 30 minutes from now. Do you think the damn line will ever start moving so we can make that?"

Bethany was totally taken in by this stranger's gentle charm by now. "I'm sure we'll find a way to solve that. Want to tell me anything more while we have nothing better to do?"

"The seamed hose is very eye catching. I'm not sure if there is a garter holding them up, but my guess there is. I like that!"

The next 25 minutes passed, it seemed, in just a breath or two, as Bethany and Dave talked, flirted, got to know each other and registered for the convention. Neither had been particularly looking forward to the next two days, but suddenly that had changed.

It took a couple of minutes to get to the restaurant and seated, where they were seated across from each other at a small table in a quiet corner. "Well," started Bethany in an expectant voice, "you were telling me this list about why I am different than you expected..."

"Right," Dave began, then cleared his throat. "I trust you are okay with a direct approach." She nodded. "It begins with your 'fuck-me' heels. They accentuate your graceful foot and ankle, and make you flex your calf just enough to give a hint of definition, and that is sexy as hell. Very nice. And then your legs, well, I can see so much of them, but yet just when I think I get to the golden triangle, it disappears behind your skirt. Which fits so nicely over your ass, sharing your junk but not revealing too much. It's been all I could do to not reach over and give it a squeeze."

He put his hands on the table, and looked deep into Bethany's eyes. Without thinking she put both of her hands into his as her pulse quickened. The touch was powerful, and she could feel his energy. 

"What is happening to me?" she thought. "Here I am, always in control, always in charge of the situation, and I find myself melting like the frost at sunrise. I can't help myself, and it feels so right."

Dave's voice cut into her thoughts. "I can see your sexuality. You sensuousness drips from you, and I can sense your sexual energy. I can feel your drive and desire, your need to please and to be pleased. You radiate your very female essence, and it calls to me.

"Your auburn-red hair against your pale skin is stunning. My self-control is still strong, but I want to give in, put my hands and fingers in your hair and pull you to me. I want to do things to your hair that have never been done before. Then I look into your eyes, and I can feel myself falling into the depths of your soul. You have opened your book to me, and I can feel your energy and your power and your desire. I want to take your face into my hands, feel your skin and the sensual curve of your jaw. I imagine drawing your face closer to mine, till we can feel each other's breath. I can almost taste your lips and tongue, and I find myself breathing hard just imagining your lips touching mine, soft, wet, our mouths opening and our tongues tasting and exploring and sensing each other. 

"Your neck is so inviting, long and white and smooth, and I so want to touch it with my fingers, explore it and experience it. I want to kiss it and bury my face against you.

"And your breasts. Ohhh. Your blouse shows me so much, the very outline of your magnificent breasts. I see them rise and fall as you breathe, and even as we talk, your nipples have hardened, and look so inviting and are telling me how aroused you are. I can imagine the beauty of your dark nipples in contrast to your milk-white tits, as they are unveiled by your falling bra. They will feel so firm, so soft, so responsive, when I take them into my hands and explore, and then when I take your nipple into my mouth. I can literally taste them now as I talk about it. I can feel how much you want me to suck on them. 

"That, my new friend, is why you stand out in this huge crowd. That is not what I expected from Utah. But I am enthralled that it is what I have found."

* * * * *

The last speaker had barely begun when Bethany could not take it any longer. She gathered her things and carefully, slowly and deliberately stood and walked out the back door of the hall. Her mind was going in circles, her pulse racing as she waited impatiently for the elevator door to open. It was only seconds but seemed an eternity to her. At last she slipped the key into her guestroom door and went inside. Fortunately the bellman had brought her bags to the right room. 

She had just emptied her hands, sat on the bed and took a couple of deep breaths when there was a knock at the door. Her breath caught in her throat and her heart skipped a beat. Bethany had to resist running to the door, hoping she knew what was on the other side. She decided not to look through the peephole and be surprised – or relieved.

She paused for a second with her hand on the door handle, then, holding her breath, twisted it and pulled the door open.

Dave smiled and stepped toward her. They threw their arms around each on the in a tight, intimate embrace. "Hi. I couldn't take my eyes off you as you walked out, " he managed to say. 

They pulled apart, then with open eyes their lips touched for the first time. It felt like heaven on earth! It was soft, long, tender. The passion broke loose and the kiss hardened. Dave pressed his mouth hard to Bethany's, and took her with his tongue. Whimpers escaped her throat as they stumbled, still kissing, to the bed.

They fell onto it, kissing and moaning and groping. They came up for air and looked at each other. "Would you like to make a memory, Bethany?" Dave asked. 

"Fuck yea," was the instant reply.

"Would you like to be in control?"

"Yea, I would."

"Sorry," Dave replied, taking her wrists, pinning them above her head as he straddled her. "This time I'm going to take you for a ride, not dominate you, but guide you, and take you where you've never been before. Are you up for that?"

"Oh, god," was all she could say. His lips went to her neck and began kissing her. Softly, wetly, then rougher, then soft again. Up the ridge of muscles from the right side, to her ear, then back down to her shoulder. Across her clavicle and up to her jaw, kissing, loving, sucking her delectable skin, tasting her and taking her. He released her wrists and her arms stayed in place, then cradled her face in both hands. Looking her in the eye he kissed her forehead, her eyes, her cheeks and the tip of her nose. He kissed her cheeks more, softly humming or moaning as he did. 

"Open your eyes. Look into mine." With their eyes locked, he kissed her. She responded hungrily and kissed him back. His tongue licked her lips and slipped inside, exploring. She sucked on him, and he tongue fucked her mouth deeply, then she entered his mouth. Back and forth, on and on they went, kissing and tasting and enjoying themselves.

At last his hand went to her blouse, and with their eyes locked and lips together, he yanked on the front and ripped it open. His hands touched her, examined her, felt her, wandered all over her. Her breasts were full and firm, and he could feel that she wanted him to have them. He unfastened her bra and slipped it off. Bethany held her breath waiting for his first touch. 

Dave took his mouth from hers and lowered it to her nipple. The touch was electric as he took it into his mouth, savoring it and sucking on it. It was hard already, and impossibly, stiffened even more in his mouth. He sucked just the tip of her nipple, then engulfed the whole thing with his mouth. Softly and with great force, soft again. He massaged her breast with both hands as he sucked and kissed, alternating between breasts. They were delicious, wonderful and responsive. He snuggled his face between them and kissed and licked his way out. He kissed across the top of them and down the outsides, playing and touching and twirling her nipples. 

Then to Bethany's delight, he began kissing between her breasts then slowly moved down to her tummy. Her skirt came off easily, and there she was in just her garter, stockings and heels. He kissed and tongued her navel, enjoyed the softness of her, and continued moving down. As he neared her pubic mound, he was delighted to find just a bit of hair and lots of smooth skin. Bethany parted her legs, and Dave positioned himself between them, mouth over her pussy. 

He kissed all around her pussy, breathed it in, breathed on it, teased her and got ready to please her. He could see how wet she was as droplets ran out of her cunt and dripped over her ass onto the bed. He lowered his tongue and licked the wetness off her pussy lips and savored the taste. He licked her lips and kissed them, just like her mouth. He slipped his tongue inside and explored around. He continued kissing her pussy and then using his fingers, spread her pussy lips wide. With his tongue, he traced the smoothness from her opening to her clit. He put pressure on as he did, and her clit grew and slipped out from under the hood. As his tongue touched Bethany's clit, hey pussy involuntarily began clenching and relaxing. He swirled his tongue around it, licked it, felt it and softly sucked on it. With his mouth totally over it, he licked from her cunt to her clit, back and forth, licking and sucking on her button each time.

Bethany's hands were gripping his hair, pulling his face into her sex. He continued licking, swirling and sucking, lightly then roughly, lapping up her pussy juices and swallowing.

When he sensed she needed more stimulation, he stopped and kissed her mouth deeply, and Bethany tasted her pussy on his face and lips and tongue. He returned to her pussy, and resumed licking and kissing, then he slipped two fingers inside her. She gasped and praised god. 

"Oh god," she breathed, "stop. Oh shit, don't stop. Oh god, please make me cum. Make me cum. I need to cum. I want to cum. Oh god, make me cum!"

Dave fingered her and licked her and sucked on her clit, and her orgasm hit. Her hips thrust up and into his face hard, her whole body flexed and became rigid, her cunt spasmed and gripped his fingers. Waves of pleasure flooded her body from her head to her toes. She fucked his face, pelvic thrusts in time with the orgasm that coursed through her. 

"Oh my god, I didn't know cumming could feel so good! Keep licking me. No, fuck me, please fuck me!" 

He moved his fingers and kept licking.

"Please fuck me now!"

Dave slid off his pants and moved between Bethany's legs. He kissed her with his face and lips covered in Bethany's cum. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him close, and wrapped her legs around his, and pulled him into her. She could feel the head of his cock as is spread her lips, then slid deep into her wet, hot pussy. She couldn't breath for the intensity of the feelings. Dave stopped and held his cock deep inside her, and waited for her to be ready.

It took just a few seconds. "Ok, please give it to me."

He began thrusting his cock in and out, long, deep strokes, pulling his cock out till she felt like she was going to lose it, then plunging it back in, all the way. He fucked her slowly at first, feeling her and filling her. Just as she began to come down from her climax, Dave took Bethany's legs and put her ankles over his shoulders. Suddenly his stroking cock was rubbing over her g-spot with each thrust. She gasped at the first stroke and clawed at Dave's back.

As she started to rock in motion with him, Dave started fucking her faster and harder, and each stroke across her g-spot brought back more of the intensity of her orgasm. He fucked her hard, his balls smacking against her ass, and screams escaped her lips. Pounding and pounding, he was relentless, fucking her like she'd never been fucked before. 

"Oh my god, I can't take it. Oh Jesus, fuck me forever. Don't stop. Oh god, oh god, oh god. Fuck me, fuck me more! Oh god, I can't breathe, I can't take it! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!"

Dave's climax hit, and he buried his cock deep inside her and held it there as his hot cum shot out. Bethany could feel it fill her, heat her up, shoot into her cunt. Dave pulled out and thrust again and again, taking his orgasm for all he could. Spent, he let her legs slip from his shoulders and slumped down on her. 

They kissed, feeling the closeness and the thrill of their fabulous union. His hardness faded away, and they could feel his cum drip from her pussy. Bethany put her hand on her pussy and caught much of it, and rubbed in on her tits and on his chest. So slick, so wet, so fucking sexy. Dave leaned over and licked some off Bethany's tits. Bethany then leaned over and licked some off Dave's chest. They kissed and dropped off to sleep in each other's arms, content and spent. 

It was but a short nap. The night was young. There was much to do together.