 I had been chasing her little pussy for about 6 weeks but so far had only been able to get a couple of blowjobs off of her. She was slow but it was going to be worth it in the end. Bethany was tall for an 18 year old girl and had that coltish, slightly tomboyish look, long legs and a tight, flat ass, sexy blonde hair down to the middle of her back, a nice flat tummy, small pointy tits and a pretty, fresh scrubbed face with a crooked smile that made it more interesting than beautiful. A light spray of freckles ran across the bridge of her nose and across her cheeks; it continued across her shoulders and chest right down to the pure white of her pretty little tits. She was more innocent than most of our girls so I cut her some slack right at the start. But I had to admit that she was a slow one, and that it was wearing on me. 

In our town it was understood that the high school girls would give you a blowjob after the 2nd or 3rd date. My dick had been in 10 of their mouths over the last year or so, and my friends confirmed that this was only slightly better than average. I never saw myself as some super-stud, just as someone who deserved and would get his share. Shortly after the blowjob date you'd advance to finger fucking her to give the girl motivation, and then, after another short wait, to fucking her with a condom on. Once the girl became 'your girl' you could expect her to get herself on the pill so you could so some serious bareback riding. Specialty items like swallowing, facials and fucking her in the ass were case by case depending on the temperament of the girl, and I'd had a reasonable degree of success with those things too, but they were mostly saved for a girl's college years. That seemed a decent tradeoff since we'd be going to some of those same colleges too. Gave us something to look forward to.

This may seem unusual but we were different kind of community. The town had been founded in a pretty isolated redwood forest in the 60's by a group of hippies, had incorporated in the 70's, grew like mad in the 80's, went high tech and became rich in the 90's but never lost its hippy credo even when everyone seemed to be driving a BMW. We had our parent's money and their parent's gift for freedom, especially free sex. We were isolated and free from many of the cares of the world. The girls were raised to be open sexually but not sluts, the peaceful vibe and rich lifestyle left them happy but obedient. Most of us stayed in the local high school with its open curriculum and the expectation that you'd graduate by age 20. So the fact that Bethany was 18 and I was 19 was not unusual. I was finishing up and decided to take a run at her before I left. I expected to succeed too.

Bethany's family was known to be among the most conservative in town, which accounted for her slowness and for the fact that she was a virgin in mouth and pussy when I'd met her. Her Dad was the local Methodist minister; her Mom was the president of the garden club and head of girl's religious education for her husband. They were likely the only registered Republicans in town. Not that we had Democrats either, more like we were a collection of Green Party and anarchist libertarians. Bethany had been sort of brainwashed against sex and had remained an outsider through most of our high school years. But once she developed that nice ass and those pointy tits it was only a matter of time before a guy like me decided to get a bite of her apple. I figured I'd enjoy the challenge.

After the 8th date I'd no more than fondled and sucked her tits and groped her ass over panties, and even those were a bit of a struggle. So I had a little talk with her. I'm pretty sure she must have known it was coming, so my being frank with her certainly did not freak her out in any major way. In fact I was extremely gentle and calm; she was shy and blushing like mad. She was so also nervous because by then we both knew we really liked each other. You could tell she was half expecting the talk to be a break-up, but I had other goals in mind. 

She offered me a hand job and took my cock out for the first time on the couch in her parent's living room. They were in an upstairs den watching a Disney movie with Bethany's little sister. I let her play with my cock a while but told her she had to lick up the precum. Once you get a girl started it's fairly easy to get them to advance step by step. I could see that she was nervous but our girls tend to have a strong desire to obey, and obedience is what I had expected of her. When she bent her head down it was easy to use her pony tail to guide her along till we popped it in her mouth. That first time I got her down maybe half way and then I let her natural sucking instinct take over. Her wet tongue lapped along the glans only three or four times before I made a point of finishing in her mouth. You've gotta let the young ones get a real taste of it before they get to thinking too much about what they are doing. 

Mine was the first cock she had ever sucked and I have to say she did ok for a newcomer to the girls club. After that the second blowjob a few days later was much easier, this time in my car. We both knew she was going to suck my cock the minute I headed the car into the dark green park down the street from her house. I made it a point to finger fuck her while she was blowing me and let her cum first. Then I kept up my stroke to get her working hard on it and came again in her mouth. It was progress. Her technique was raw but her motivation was growing, and that's all you can ask with the young virgin type.

I should mention that finishing in the girl's mouth was pretty common for us. The ones who were reluctant at first were generally brought in line if you made a point of cumming all over their nicest blouse or shirt a few times. These girls valued their prettiest clothing more than they did their mouth virginity; they acclimated. But whatever her problems, Beth seemed to know without coaching that my finishing in her mouth would be the right thing to do, and she never fought it. She was, for the record, a spitter, but that didn't bother me.

The day of my story was about a week after that second blowjob. I'd been away for 5 days doing a tour of colleges across the state but we kept in touch via text and a few quick calls. I felt that Bethany's desire was beginning to mount now that she'd been fingered once and had initiated a blowjob on her own and I decided it would be a good time to fuck her when I returned on Saturday. I encouraged her in a phone call to talk about our relationship with her girlfriend Samantha, a cute girl I'd fucked a few times over the last year. Beth probably knew what this was about and she readily agreed. Sam was one of our best cheerleaders for sexual experimentation and had convinced a number of girls to open wide and to spread their legs when they went out with a boy. Afterwards I texted Sam with her mission. In return I got a smiley face which meant 'Game on.' I texted back to her "Owe you one," she texted back "How bout 2?"

I was pretty carefree and pretty horny as I pulled my car into Bethany's parent's driveway that night. Beth had let me know that her Mom and Dad approved of me because I had attended his services two or three times. I was no Methodist or strict believer of any sort but had gone to church as part of a research project for my world religions class. But their approval would help; it's nice to have the parents on your side when you are trying to fuck their daughter. It would make my life easier. 

Her Mom looked kind of upset as she opened the door to me that evening.

"Hi Mrs. Williamson. How are you?"

"I'm fine but shhhhhhhh! We need to be quiet."

Her Mom took me by the hand and led me into the living room. There on the couch where she'd given me head for the first time was Bethany, apparently dead asleep. She was dressed in a pretty blue miniskirt and white blouse as if ready for our date.

"She's out of it. The poor thing." Mrs. W. was whispering in my ear as we stood there, still with my hand in hers. "She just dropped off but I gave her two of my pills. They'll do the trick." We stood there together looking down at Beth. "Don't wake her." She clutched my hand harder in a pleading way and looked over at me. "Ten minutes from now she'll be out like a light."

"What's the matter with her? Is she sick?" I whispered.

"Oh, you know girl stuff." She winked at me as she nodded towards Bethany, who was beginning to emit some slight moans. "Usually she's so regular, and she wasn't expecting it for a few days, otherwise she would never have made a date for tonight." She laughed softly and gave me a big smile. "Guess Christmas came early for her but no date for you tonight. She'll be dead to the world for the next 10 hours."

I admit that I was a bit shocked by Mrs. W. talking to me about Bethany's period. In most homes around town it would not have been a big deal, but we all knew the Williamson's were different. I must have shown it because she started to make light of it and me.

"What's the matter? Cat's got your tongue? It's just her period; all girls go through it you know."

"Yeah, I guess so."

"She's not even spotting yet, no tampon." She paused and gave a good laugh at that. "That will be tomorrow night, but the worst part for lots of young girls is the day before it starts." She smiled again and said "God knows I don't miss that part of being a girl."

"Oh, of course, it's fine. I was just surprised..."

"Surprised that Bethany got periods?"

"No, not that. It's just ...I don't know."

"Surprised that I talked to you about it?"

"Well yes to be truthful."

"Well don't be. I'm more like the other women around here than you might guess. Bethany's just now becoming a woman, and I'm going to be as open with her as any other mother in town." She checked my eyes and I nodded assent. She looked then like there was a thought passing behind her eyes; she shifted slightly away uncomfortably and let go of my hand. She went on, "I swear she was late with everything -- at least her body's maturing I mean." Here she glanced over at the sleeping girl, and I wondered if she was referring to Beth's small tits. That's how it came across. "Other girls might have gone through this stage a few years younger, but for her she just started talking to me a few weeks ago about getting on the pill to regulate her cycle." She was pausing between each thought as though one was not clearly following from the other. Then she said "You know, the pain, not the timing of it." She gave another big paused, shook her head like she was clearing it after sleep, and then looked up at me with a sweet smile. "But I guess it works out well for you either way, doesn't it?"

I said nothing, just stared at her and tried to do so without looking like an idiot. In the back of my mind I was already wondering how to get out of this awkward conversation and whether Sam was available tonight as a backup plan.

"Anyhow no action for you tonight. You won't be going down on...... down that path." She laughed again; apparently everything about this situation now struck her as funny, but struck me as kind of the opposite.

We stood there looking down at the sleeping girl about as long as we possibly could. Mrs. W. looked thoughtful again. "Hey, can you come out to the kitchen and help me for a few minutes? My sink is a mess cause the disposal is on the whack and with Thomas out of town I'm stuck."

I had just been about to tell her I needed to go but figured I couldn't refuse. As I said, when you are going to fuck the daughter there's no sense in making enemies of the parents. I'm no plumber but knew my way around kitchen disposals a bit so I was glad to help. "Sure lead me to it."

The kitchen sink was almost full of gray water with pieces of lettuce and some vegetables floating around in it. The switch to the disposal unit had no effect on the sink. I played with it for a minute or two while she stood beside me watching. I noticed that she had picked up a cold drink somewhere of clear liquid and wondered what it was. She sipped slowly and seemed almost to be studying my face as I worked. It didn't bother m; let her look. I checked to see that there was nothing stuck in the disposal trap and found it clean. That meant one of three things -- I needed to reset the circuit breaker, or find a reset button on the underside of the disposal or the unit was kaput. Their electrical box was right off the kitchen in the mud room to the back deck and it checked out fine. So I opened the cabinets to get under the sink and Mrs. W. stopped me.

"Oh Lord, what a mess under there. Do you really need to go down on it?" Her words were funny and suggestive so I grinned, but her look betrayed no hint of second joke (if that's what it was) about 'going down.' I just rearranged my face and told her there was probably a reset button down below for the garbage disposal. She opened the cabinet again and dropped to her knees. "Let me do it; it's such a mess down there." From her knees she began handing out what seemed like 100 different cleaners, sprays, disinfectants, rags, polishes, waxes, and god knows what else. I stored them on the table one by one as she handed them back. Finally she stuck her head deep inside the cabinet and bent under the sink's plumbing to get the few last things. 

I told her she didn't need to clean out the entire cabinet; that the button I needed was probably above her on the disposal unit itself. But she just said "Oh, now that I've started just let me clean this thing out? OK? It won't take a minute." Do I stood back and let her dive deeper. With her head and shoulders bent in that position he back curved downward and her ass rose up to put her in a perfect viewing position. Now her knees scrunched forward a bit more and her ass jumped up just a little bit higher.

Up till this point I really hadn't looked at Beth's mom as a woman at all, just as a mom. As a mom she was this sort of embarrassing asexual being making naughty innuendo (if that's what it was) about Beth's period and tits and about us (I think) not being able to 'go down' on one another tonight. Making jokes about Beth going on the pill so I could fuck her. But when a woman -- at least this woman -- is bent over doggy style in a nice summer dress that rides up her thighs till you can almost -- but not quite -- see the curve of her ass and the color of her panties, you begin to think about her differently. What I saw was a sexy woman with nice lean strong tanned legs (I suppose it was all that gardening) and a very nicely curved ass. That ass was round and full but not fat, and I wondered whether Beth's flatter ass would become this in the future. Her back sloped downward and I could see that her shoulders were nearly pinned to the cabinet floor. A perfect position for taking her from behind. She looked pretty limber right then and, it occurred to me, maybe pretty eager to show off a pretty nice feature. She stayed in that position longer than I would have expected, and then continued her chatter.

"Yeah, Mr. Williamson, I mean Thomas, just think of him as Thomas, is gone for 3 nights and I'm here alone. I mean alone with the girls. But Judy is at a sleepover tonight so it'll just be me and Beth. Pretty sad with her out till tomorrow morning."

I could see the rubber band on her bikini panties through the light cotton dress. The dress was summer-flowery on a white background and I could see what looked like darker red or purple panties showing through the white. The dress was clinging hard to her ripe ass as she bent inside the cabinet and I don't ever remember a more inviting sight. 

At this point I was definitely getting horny but my thoughts were still tangled up between Mrs. W., Bethany and my backup girl Sam. What would it be like to have all 3 of them? At the same time? No, no that. But one after another on the same day. I must have been totally deluded about Mrs. W. for I found my fingers curled around the cell phone in my pocket as I pictured Sam in that position. Pretty easy to do actually since I had had her in that position more than once. Mrs. Williamson was sweeping out little jars and cans of stuff with her arm while never changing her body's position. 

"Thomas will go to these church conferences for days on end, blah, blah, blah. It's different I suppose when he needs me. Women are to be obedient and serve I suppose." A harsh laugh came from beneath the countertop. I didn't have anything to say to this but I did spot Mrs. W.'s drink on the counter. I sniffed and sipped it lightly while she continued to grumble. The floor was a mess of stuff I hadn't picked up yet. The drink seemed to be pure water, so whatever was going on with Mrs. W. it wasn't that she was drunk.

With that she pulled her torso and head from under the sink at last. She sat on her butt and started sweeping the jars and cans away from her with her arm. The dress had ridden up her thighs again with her legs flat on the floor in front. I saw her nice tanned legs again almost up to her panties, but the front view of course. She seemed oblivious. "You want to know something about women Ben?" She charged ahead without really checking to see if I wanted to know something about women. In fact I did, things were getting more interesting.

"Women have needs too. I'm fine being obedient to a man but not when he's preaching against the sins of the flesh and then expects his wife to do ....well, I better not say. It's really nothing too horrible, nothing all those young girls out there aren't doing nowadays at 15." I thought she was done but she gave it one more burst. "Still, he will preach against those girls. Ask Bethany. Like Beth needs a full time preacher for a dad!"

Now I looked at her face and the rest of her body, partly it was to keep from staring at her legs and where the panties might show at any moment, and partly because I could now see there was going to be some pretty open talk here about girls, sex and Bethany. I became curious, became more open and less awkward. So I looked at her and found nothing at all asexual then. A pretty face which I recognized for the first time was Bethany's face just some years advanced. Not that she looked old. There were these little lines around her eyes that no 18 year old is going to have, and her face seemed a little fuller and was obviously less girlish. I remember thinking she had beautiful teeth just like Beth, pure white and so even under her pretty smile. She had the same blonde hair, although shorter as it would be for the mom of a teenager. I realized that she wasn't very old for a mom -- maybe mid-30's? So she must have had Beth pretty young. Her chest and tits were heaving just slightly from the small exertion of cleaning things out, or maybe from the exertion of twisting herself into the display position she'd granted me. Whatever. But they rose and fell just slightly, and on the rise would fill out that pretty dress nicely. She must have been a couple of bra sizes bigger than Bethany, two nice handfuls or mouthfuls in my opinion. I think she knew then that I was studying her, but she didn't seem to mind it.

At this point I was thinking less about Sam and for the first time the words 'mother-daughter' came into my head. Those words rang like Thomas's church bell in my head when she shifted and a purple V from her crotch flashed at me.

She jumped up and we swept up the junk she'd left on the floor. Then I went under the cabinet. As I expected there was a reset button on the disposal and we had it running and the sink cleaned in about 2 minutes. I started to replace the items on the kitchen table under the sink but she stopped me. "Oh, don't go down there again. I can get those later." She stepped in pretty close to me and I could see a light sheen of sweat on her upper lip and forehead. Sexy sweat. "Don't you want some dinner? I suppose you and Beth were heading out for something to eat."
