 Bethany sat in the hotel bar and sipped a Bloody Mary. She'd checked in an hour ago and now she had a whole evening ahead of her, nothing planned, no people to see. It was perfect. Her favourite part of travelling a lot on business was that she could act like a slut on a regular basis without anyone in her hometown finding out. And she loved being a slut.

She'd dressed to attract men who were looking for casual sex. She wore a skin tight black dress that showed off her sexiest asset, her firm d-cup tits. Experience had taught her that not many men were able to resist her ample cleavage. The dress showed off her trim waist and hugged her rounded ass intimately. She was already quite tall at 5'8", but her 3-inch heals made her legs look like they went on forever. She pushed some of her golden locks from her face and let her blue eyes scan the room. There were plenty of men looking at her and she soon located one that she wanted to get her hands on.

He was tall and slim and not ashamed of letting his eyes linger on Bethany's cleavage. When their eyes met he smiled broadly and Bethany smiled back, motioning for him to come and sit with her. He shook his head and grinned. She waved at him with the key card between her fingers and he nodded. Bethany finished her drink and headed for the elevator. When she'd pressed the button to go up she felt two hands on her hips and lips against her neck. She didn't need to ask who it was.

As soon as the elevator doors closed behind them he pushed her against the wall and kissed her passionately. His erection dug into her stomach has he grabbed her ass and massaged the bare cheeks under the dress. They were soon on the 6th floor and the doors opened and Bethany grabbed his tie and dragged him to her room. They stripped quickly and were soon facing each other. Bethany's big tits were crowned with pink erect nipples that he leaned forward and bit. She let out a sigh of passion.

"Suck me, babe," he commanded her as he let go of her tits.

She dropped to her knees and sucked his thick 6-inch cock into her mouth. He tasted wonderful. She teased him with her tongue and sucked him into her throat. Her hands worked the base of his cock and his balls. All too soon he pulled out of her mouth and led her to the bed. He told her to get on her hands and knees and then he shoved his fat shaft into her wet cunt. They both cried out loud with that first thrust.

He fucked her hard. Her tits bounced from her chest as he rammed her again and again. She reached for her clit and started massaging it. It didn't take her long to cum with such a delicious cock stretching her hungry cunt. He kept fucking her though. He grabbed her tits and squeezed them as he kept shoving his meat inside her. His fucking got faster and harder and soon she felt that he couldn't last much longer. She started massaging her clit again, feeling his balls bounce against her fingers as she did so. As her cunt convulsed around his shaft he came with a loud groan, grinding himself deep inside her as he squirted his sticky milk into her.

He pulled out and held Bethany in place. She squeezed her cunt and his cum started escaping from her hole. He placed his tongue against her slit and licked up their combined juices before putting his clothes back on. He left her hotel room without a word.


Bethany felt mildly satisfied after that fuck, but she wanted more. She gave herself a quick shower and then she headed back to the bar. It was bustling with hotel guests now. She ordered a Dry Martini and sat down in a chair. The man she'd just fucked was standing with a woman, holding her hand and playing with the ring on her finger. Bethany giggled to herself. If only that woman knew what her fiancé had just done. But Bethany wasn't one to blow the whistle. She'd had a little bit of satisfaction from the guy, but there was no way she was interested in anything beyond that, so why ruin two people's lives?

She set her eyes on a middle aged man drinking alone by the grand piano. He looked at her and she smiled. He saw her tits and smiled back. She mouthed a hello to him and he greeted her back. The seat next to him was free so Bethany walked over to him and sat down.

"Hi there!" she smiled. "Are you here alone?"

"Yes," he replied. "I'm on a business trip. How about you?"

"Business trip also," she said. "They get kind of dull after a while, don't they?"

"Tell me about it. I'd rather be at home with my family."

"Me too. But now that we're here, we might as well keep each other company."

They chatted for a few more minutes.

"You have magnificent tits," he finally said.

"Thank you."

"Are they real?"

"You bet!"

"I'd like to feel them."

"I'll show them to you if you come to my room with me."

They quickly finished their drinks and headed for the elevators. By the time the hotel room door closed behind them Bethany had already pulled her dress off and she was unhooking her bra. He grabbed her tits and started sucking them.

"Mmmmm..." he smiled. "They're yummy. I bet your pussy tastes good too."

"Why don't you taste?"

Bethany stripped out of her g-strings and lay on the bed, legs wide apart. He dove in, running his tongue along her wet slit. He teased her clit with his tongue and then he slowly penetrated her with it, running it along her cunt walls, sucking up her juices. He started tongue fucking her. At first he moved slowly, but then he moved faster and faster. Just as Bethany thought she might cum, he stopped and pulled out.

He wrapped his lips around her engorged clit. He sucked her nub and teased it with her tongue. Slowly he pushed in one finger, followed by another, another and another. Before she knew it he was fisting her and she moaned out loud. This was so good. She kneaded her tits as she marvelled at the delights of his hands and mouth on her pussy. He finger fucked her again. Three fingers now, and going fast. He'd picked up the pace with his lips and tongue as well. Bethany's moans got more intense. Soon she couldn't take it anymore and she came violently, shaking the bed and locking her thighs around him. She squirted her juices all over his hand, but he kept sucking and finger fucking her until her spasms eased and she was able to breathe normally again.

He sat up next to her and lapped up all her juices. Then he leaned in and sucked her tits a bit more before he kissed her, sharing her sweet nectar. He stood up and wiped his mouth and hand with his handkerchief.

"You tasted great, babe," he smiled. "Thank you."

With those words he left and Bethany wiped herself again, and got dressed again. There weren't as many people in the bar when she got down again. Neither of the two men she'd been with were still there. In a corner she spotted a guy that was sitting alone with a bottle of wine and two glasses.

"Mind if I join you?" she asked as she sat down.

"No, be my guest," he replied, his gaze fixed on her cleavage. "It looks like I've been stood up."

"A date?"

"No, a business associate. We were supposed to go over some numbers together."

"That's a shame. Why don't you take that bottle of wine and come and do some numbers with me?"

"What did you have in mind?"

"My favourite number is 69."

He looked at her, stared at her tits for a second while a great smile transformed his face. He ran his hand through his goatee and let his gaze fall to her cleavage again.

"That's a coincidence. 69 is my favourite number too."

"Then what are we waiting for?"

He followed her to her room and placed the wine and glasses on the dresser as she stripped. Then he pulled his suit off, followed by his tie, shirt and shorts. They faced each other and looked at each other's bodies.

"Has anyone ever told you that you have the sexiest tits in the world?"

"Once or twice maybe."

"I want to fuck them."

"Sounds good to me, but how about our favourite number?"

He lay down on the bed and she followed him, straddling his face with her hairless pussy as she dove in on his cock. His shaft wasn't as thick as the first guy's, but it was a good 8 inches and Bethany ran her tongue all over it as she felt his tongue playing with her pussy. She gasped as she felt his rough beard against her wet folds and nearly came from that feeling alone. She didn't like hairy faces so much for kissing, but they were great in her pussy.

She grinded her pussy against his hairy face, loving his tongue action in her cunt, while her tits rested on his stomach and his cock hit the back of her throat. The slurping noises filled the hotel room. Each was devouring each other. He used his fingers in her wet pussy while teasing her clit and she was deep throating his wonderful cock. She finally couldn't take the pleasure anymore and came, squirting her juices all over his face, and just as she was shaking he groaned into her pussy and started shooting his load into her mouth.

When he was done cumming she slowly let him out of her mouth and turned over. They kissed deeply, with him massaging her tits, letting their juices mix in their mouths. They lay together for a while. He kissed, bit, tweaked and squeezed her tits while she used her hand to get him hard again. Then he got between her legs, placed them across his shoulders and slowly impaled her on his cock. He felt great in her cunt. He started fucking her slowly and then he picked up the pace, grinding his pubic bone against her engorged clit. He reached down and grabbed her tits and played with them as he fucked her.

Soon their fucking got more urgent. He pushed her legs against her chest to get himself deeper inside her. They both panted hard as he thrust his cock inside her, harder and faster each time, his balls slamming against her pussy juice covered ass. Then she came. Her cunt convulsed around his shaft and her juices squirted out with each thrust. He pulled out and turned her over and entered her from behind. He got even deeper now and his balls slammed against her clit. Their bed creaked and the slams of the headboard were only matched by Bethany's shrieks of passion as he fucked her hard.

Bethany could hardly breathe anymore when her cunt betrayed her and she came. He pulled himself out of her when she stopped shaking, turned her over again and straddled her stomach.

"Now I'm gonna fuck your magnificent tits," he smiled and placed his pussy juice covered cock in the valley between her mounds.

She looked down and watched as he squeezed her tits hard together and started rocking his hips back and forth. It was a beautiful sight. His shining cock head kept sliding against her and she met it with her lips or tongue. He squeezed her tits harder and moved faster. She knew that he didn't have far to go. She moved her hands to where his was and took over the squeezing. That freed his hands to start pinching and tweaking her erect nipples.

"Oh yeah, baby," he moaned. "Your tits are so good. Just like your wet cunt and your hungry mouth."

"Cum for me, baby," she urged him and he fucked her faster.

His motions got faster and faster and then, after a final push, he stopped, his eyes glazed over and he cried out as he started shooting his milk all over Bethany's face. Squirt by squirt covered her. Some of it she caught with her mouth, but most of it lay to rest like some kind of cum facial.

When he was finally done cumming he collapsed next to her.

"Wow, baby," he smiled. "You're an amazing fuck. How long are you here for?"

"All week."

"Well, so am I. If you're hungry for cock any other night, you can find me in the bar, or in room 326."

"I'll remember that."

He gave each of her nipples a goodbye bite and then he left. Bethany got up to attach the security chain on her door. She caught sight of herself in the mirror. Her crotch was all blushed, as were her tits and cleavage, and she had a face full of cum. She was absolutely satisfied. She wouldn't need another cock now until tomorrow night. She fell into a deep sleep and woke up rested the next morning, ready to take on the world.