 We were just days away from our high school graduation, so our mornings were spent on the football field rehearsing to the strains of "Pomp and Circumstance" but our afternoons were free while everyone else was still taking final exams and our parents were all at work. On this particular day, Brent had invited everyone to his house to swim after graduation practice, so I'd stopped at my house and grabbed my swimsuit and a towel before driving Betsy to her place so she could do the same. Betsy and I had hooked up about a week earlier at the senior picnic. Though we'd known each other since freshman year, nothing had ever happened between us before; things just came together that day and we'd been hanging out ever since.

No one was home at Betsy's, so she suggested that I bring my swimsuit in and we could both change. I was a little bit disappointed when she said I could change in her room while she went to the bathroom, but when I got a look at how small the bikini was that she was planning to put on, I had no complaints. It didn't take but a minute for me to change from shorts to my swimsuit, so I was just looking around when Betsy finally came back in. She blushed at my reaction but I couldn't help myself because she was stunning. It wasn't super-revealing or anything, just a typical string bikini, but this was the most of her flesh I'd ever seen since we'd only made out and done some light petting up to this point. For some reason, though, she didn't seem all that sure of herself and asked me if she looked okay.

I stepped over to her and turned her toward the large mirror over her dresser while moving to stand behind her. Gesturing to her reflection, I told her that she looked more than okay, that she looked scrumptious before wrapping my arms around her and kissing her neck. I glanced at her reflection again to see that her eyes were closed, but her nipples were now standing out against her top. I slid my hands up and cupped her breasts, gently tugging her hard nipples as she gasped softly. She didn't seem to object to my hands on her tits, so after a few minutes of fondling them, I reached up and untied the top from behind her neck, letting it fall and hang below her tits. I'd fondled them in the front seat of my car but this was the first time I'd gotten a look at them. They were probably just above average for an 18-year-old with medium-sized pink areolas and stiff nipples. I ran my hands along the underside, lifting them slightly, then brushed my palms gently over her nipples again as I lowered my lips to kiss her neck again.

My cock was rigid against the small of her back so I knew I'd need some relief and I suspected she'd be open to some as well. I slid my hands down from her tits, over her ribs, around to her waist and untied the strings on her hips. Once her bottom had fallen away, I glanced in the mirror to see a narrow strip of trim brown fur above her pussy before it was hidden by my hand. I ran my index finger up and down the cleft of her pussy, finding it juicy and hot, so I slipped my finger up into her. She moaned in response to the penetration, so I fingered her pussy for a minute or two before lightly stroking her clit. After a minute or so of that, she suddenly turned to face me, took my head in her hands and jammed her tongue into my mouth. We made out passionately for a few minutes before I pulled back and steered her around to sit on the edge of her bed. Dropping to my knees, I spread her legs as I went back to making out with her.

I went from sucking her tongue to kissing her neck, then worked my way down toward her tits and hard nipples. My hands slid up from her knees to her waist, then up to her tits to fondle them as I licked and sucked her hard nipples and ran the tip of my tongue in circles around her areolas. Betsy's hands ran through my hair as she alternately moaned softly and exhaled raggedly. When I started kissing my way down from her tits and over her stomach, Betsy started to recline on her bed so that, by the time I was kissing alongside of her landing strip, she was flat on her back with her tits jutting skyward. I was rewarded with a loud moan as I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her copious juices before slipping a finger gently into her tight opening as I licked her clit.

Betsy's fingers were embedded in my hair, holding my head in place, as I licked and sucked her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her slippery pussy. Her hips were rocking toward my face rhythmically while her moaning grew more consistent. The longer I ate her, the more engorged her pussy became and the more juices she seemed to produce. My finger was sliding in and out much more easily thanks to the increased lubrication which made me anxious to slide my cock into her. Once her moaning started getting louder and her hip gyrations more pronounced, I knew she was verging on an orgasm. I remained focused and continued to stimulate her as her impending climax built to a crescendo. Finally, with a cry, she clamped her legs around my head and tightly gripped my hair while nearly sitting totally upright before collapsing limply onto the bed and shuddering as her orgasm tore through her.

When she let go of me and was completely still aside from a few minor twitches, I raised my head and, after giving her tight body a good looking over, stood and began to undo the drawstring of my swimsuit. Betsy opened her eyes and watched dazedly as I got the knot undone and loosened the waistband. When I pushed my swimsuit down and my rigid cock popped free, Betsy's eyes got wide and she quickly sat up. She took my cock in her hand and stroked it as I stepped out of my swimsuit, then lowered her head and wrapped her lips around it. I moaned and dropped my hands to her short brown hair as she slid her mouth up and down my shaft. She was a decent cocksucker but I was thinking that, with an empty house, I didn't want to miss out on an opportunity for some fully-naked, daylight, in-a-bed fucking because it was hard to come by at our age.

I enjoyed her blowjob enough that I determined that I'd be blowing a load down her throat in the near future, but after a few long minutes I reluctantly slid my cock from her mouth and asked her if she'd want to take a ride on it. She nodded so I reached for my wallet on her dresser, where I'd set it along with my keys, and extracted a condom. As I rolled the condom onto my stiff shaft, Betsy completely removed her bikini top so that when I climbed onto the bed and lay on my back with my tool pointing at the ceiling, she was naked as she straddled me. I admired her swinging titties as she reached back to guide me into her and sat down on my tool, both of us moaning as I filled her. My hands went to her tits as she slowly began to ride me, leaning forward just slightly, her slick, snug pussy feeling incredible even through the latex.

I fondled her globes and lightly brushed my palms over her nipples as she moved up and down on my tool, her pussy providing a pleasurable friction. I'd been thinking about fucking her ever since we'd hooked up at the picnic, but figured I'd take my time since I had the entire summer ahead of me to enjoy it. As she fucked me, though, I was glad I hadn't taken too much time because, now that I knew what her pussy felt like, I knew I'd want to be inside it at every opportunity. The longer she rode me, the faster she started to move and the more she was moaning. She eventually leaned forward far enough that she was supporting herself on her hands planted on either side of my head and I was able to get my tongue and lips back on her nipples and areolas. As I glanced up at her face, I saw a look full of passion except when she caught me looking and she smiled down at me.

As she fucked me harder and appeared to be pursuing another orgasm, I started thrusting up into her as she came down on me. Her moaning was almost becoming more like grunting as I felt her pussy becoming juicier and more engorged, much as it had right before she'd orgasmed when I'd been eating her. I had dropped my head back onto her pillow at this point and moved my hands around to her hips to help pull her down harder as I was thrusting up into her. Looking up, I saw her eyes cinched shut as her hair hung about her face but could still detect raw passion in her expression. Finally, with a cry, she slammed herself backwards and seemed to tense up completely before a shudder passed through her and she let out a relieved-sounding moan. I could feel the goosebumps on her skin as she came, just sitting there motionless.

When she finally opened her eyes and looked down at me, smiling, I suggested that we change positions and had her move over beside me, staying on her knees as I got up and knelt behind her. She had a nice, round ass that I massaged a bit before taking my throbbing tool in hand and guiding it back into her steamy pussy. I slid easily all the way in until my hips touched her ass cheeks, then placed my hands on her hips and began to slowly thrust in and out. Betsy's head was on the pillow and one arm was above it, but I saw the other arm sneak under her and felt her fingertips on my shaft a couple of times as I was fucking her, though I'm sure they were mostly massaging her clit. I looked around to see if there was a mirror that would reflect her swinging titties, but there wasn't so instead I looked down at the way her ass jiggled each time my hips made contact with it.

Since she'd already cum twice, I was not feeling any compulsion to hold off my own orgasm and, consequently, as I felt it slowly building I was gradually increasing my pace. I was pushing deeply into her with each thrust but my thrusts were coming faster and faster the closer I was to cumming. For her part, Betsy was pushing back against me, accepting my full length into her so I was getting the maximum stimulation from her on my throbbing tool. Only when I was right on the verge of actually cumming did I slow down my pace again to draw my orgasm out before finally exploding within her and into the condom. A few more thrusts until I was completely spent, then I pulled myself free to avoid unwanted spillage. We collapsed together on the bed and caught our breath while smiling and kissing before she got up and took the condom and wrapper to the bathroom to flush.

When we showed up at Brent's a little while later, we must have had that after-sex glow about us because everybody seemed to be smiling when they saw us, like they knew what had just happened. I got the sense that all of the guys liked the way that Betsy looked in her bikini based on the looks she was getting and the comments I was getting. We weren't overtly physical with each other over at Brent's; there was nothing more than what was going on with other guys and their girlfriends. That isn't to say that I didn't want to tear that bikini off again and suck her nipples made so hard by the cool pool water, but I knew that from where we'd left off, there was a lot of fun to be had in more appropriate circumstances...such as on the car ride home.

Betsy was snuggled up close enough as we pulled away from Brent's house later that day that I was able to get my hand on her tit with my arm around her shoulder. We made out for a minute at the first stop sign as her hand went to my growing cock. Realizing how hard I was, Betsy stated that we had some unfinished business from earlier that afternoon and started to untie my drawstring. It took some maneuvering, but she was able to get my swimsuit down far enough to free my cock and balls as I drove and soon had her lips wrapped around my tool once again. I was horny not just from seeing her all afternoon in her bikini, but from recalling the events of earlier that day and how she looked naked; seeing the other girls over at Brent's in their swimsuits hadn't hurt my libido, either. So I was rock hard as Betsy's lips slid up and down my tool, her hot mouth fully engulfing me and her hand gently massaging my balls.

I reached around to fondle her tit, pushing her bikini top aside to feel her hard nipple between my fingers as I tried to remain focused on driving. It really wasn't that long of a drive from Brent's house to Betsy's but, luckily, I was extremely worked up and Betsy was no slouch at sucking cock. I had felt my orgasm beginning to build shortly after Betsy's mouth had first engulfed my throbbing tool and had been intent on fully enjoying the feeling of pleasure rather than trying to draw it out for the entire drive. I couldn't really push my hips up without risking extra pressure on the accelerator, but as my cock seemed to swell larger, Betsy was moving her mouth up and down faster and pumping the hand that was gripping the base while still fondling my balls.

I managed to get us to a long, low-speed straightaway as I was on the verge of cumming so that my driving wouldn't require any extraordinary concentration, though I had to consciously keep my eyes from closing. About halfway down the long stretch, I finally exploded into Betsy's hot mouth and she gulped down my load, continuing to nurse my cock until we got to the next stop sign. Since no one was behind us, I took a moment to get my swimsuit back in place while she sat up and fixed her bikini top. I smiled at her and leaned in to kiss her, but she turned her head and offered her cheek while pointing toward her mouth and saying "cum breath." I laughed and kissed her cheek, then returned my focus to the road. I drove her the rest of the way home and walked her to the door as we discussed plans for the evening ahead.