 Lukas was a man getting over another woman when he found something to distract himself. He was just coming to terms with his girlfriend Trudy who had shattered his heart into little pieces like every other woman in his life before her. She'd stayed late at a party that Lukas left and didn't come back that night. Some of their mutual friends told him the next day that Trudy was seen in the bathroom, being fucked in the ass by another man.

It was in the aftermath of Lukas and Trudy's break-up that Lukas found a fabulous distraction in the form of a new online friend. And had no idea that it would develop into so much more. He met "Binx" five months ago on an online blog site. One night, he'd come home to his apartment and did as he usually did and changed out of his business suit, fed his dog, made himself some dinner and opened a beer. When TV yielded nothing interesting, he turned on his computer and logged onto one of the many sites he frequented. To his surprise a person under the handle "Binx" had messaged him and said that he was very interesting and by the looks of his profile they had a lot in common. Lukas friended Binx and when she signed on later that night he started a conversation with her. They talked about anything and everything that night until 5am the next morning, two hours before Lukas had to leave for work. He didn't care though, one thing was for sure- even online he had felt a click with this girl.

Time passed, photos were exchanged to both partners' delight at one another's attractiveness. Lukas was 28 and a lawyer, and Binx was 23 and a fashion design student. Her real name was Doreen, but no one called her that because she despised it and said it was a hillbilly name so Binx it was. More time passed, they got to talking on webcam and eventually a night when Binx had had a little too much to drink she had offered to strip for Lukas on the webcam. 

Even though he was guilty about taking advantage of her state, Lukas couldn't deny himself something he'd been wanting for almost three months. As soon as he saw a picture of Binx his heart had thudded wildly. She wasn't his usual type owing to her wildness and party girl nature. But she was fun, bodacious and very kind to the eyes. She had a blue streak in her black pixie cut hair, two tattoos and piercings dotted here and there on her body. Her skin was pale and dotted with a few cute freckles and one little mole under her eyes which were the exact same peacock blue of that streak in her hair. All that and she had a husky voice that was just perfect for talking dirty and a smile that was so wicked it could've given an archangel a hard-on. 

He said yes to her stripping and watched as she pulled off her jewellery first and then teasingly sild her skirt and tank top off, revealing a dark green silk bra covered in lace and the tiniest matching thong he'd ever seen. She licked her lips and unhooked her bra, revealing two perfect c cups with rosy pink nipples that Lukas would've given anything to touch, rub, lick and suck. She then slipped the thong off and revealed her hairless pussy. 

When she giggled and opened her legs to show him the dragonfly tattoo on her inner-thigh it was the final straw for Lukas, he was so hard that he made his excuses and then had the best wank of his life. He thought about squeezing and holding those breasts, touching every inch of that skin, having his cock enveloped in her mouth and then fucking her. After that, he never thought of anyone but Binx when he wanked.

It only escalated after that. Binx asked why he'd left so suddenly when she stripped and when Lukas told her the truth she laughed and said seductively: "What a shame, it would've been so hot to see you that excited over me."

Eventually they did wank for each other on webcam. Her frantically rubbing her clit and pulling on that tiny clit ring she had, making herself wet as she whispered his name. Seeing this sight Lukas came harder than ever as he pumped his shaft.

It was after that that Lukas asked Binx to be his girlfriend. They lived in the same state about an hour's drive away from each other, even though neither of them had a car. Binx immediately agreed and said she wanted to kiss him, touch him and fuck him so badly that she was wet. Both knew it was an odd thing to do when they'd never met but he knew they were both single and Lukas couldn't stand the thought of Binx's body being for any other man's eyes but his. 

He did not disagree however when a while later Binx told him about her one of her girlfriends who wanted to fuck Binx on camera for Lukas to watch. Her name was Setsuki and she was a half Japanese, half American goddess, tall and skinny with small pert breasts, long beautiful black hair and a little bit of that same silk covering her tight snatch.

Another late night after work, Lukas watched enthralled as Setsuki and Binx started kissing each other, softly at first, giggling at little at being watched but then deepened it and their Setsuki's hands found their way up Binx's top where she started deftly kneading at her breasts. Binx shed her blouse quickly and got to work on removing Setsuki's t-shirt and the bra underneath. It didn't take long before they were both naked and took a break from kissing to look straight into the camera at Lukas who was spellbound and extremely, extremely horny.

"Don't you wish you could join?" Setsuki purred, running her hand down Binx, over her hardened nipples and between her legs. Turning away from Lukas, she pushed Binx back and put pressure on her thighs to open so she could get to work, she alternated between toying with and licking Binx's swollen clit and as soon as enough moisture had gathered she slipped one finger in and crooked it a little, earning an amazing moan from Binx who told her to stop or she'd come to early.

Lukas couldn't help it now. As the girls got in place for a 69, he unzipped his fly and pulled out his already semi-hard cock to stroke at as he watched the scene continue to unfold. Setsuki was on top with hair falling like a black waterfall everywhere and Binx was below, they were both eating each other out, coming up to pant and moan. It looked like Binx was rather good as there was so much of Setsuki's juices on her face. Her tongue flicked out and her tongue piercing caught the light, and as Lukas pumped harder and harder he remembered her saying how tongue piercings made head amazing.

Just as both girls' screams started heightening and Lukas felt himself almost fall off the edge and blow his load all over his monitor, they stopped and Setsuki moved off Binx, who panted and put her own hand between her legs for a moment, feeling her own warmth and playing with her clit as Setsuki disappeared off camera for a moment and came back with a blue vibrator. She instructed Binx to open her legs again and used her wetness as lubricant to shove the vibrator in and turn it on, pulling it in and out almost lazily as Binx continued to moan in the most delicious way.

Binx's moans and the sight of that dildo in her pussy set Lukas off and he came long and hard all over his hand, groaning himself, but neither of the girls heard it. Binx was reaching her climax. Her toes curled and she grabbed the sheet, squeezing her eyes shut and gasping wordlessly.

Setsuki gave one last thrust in with the dildo and pulled it out, looking straight into the camera and licking off the evidence of Binx before telling her to come over and finish her off. Binx was obviously exhausted, but she crawled over and lowered her mouth to Setsu's dripping pussy to lick and suck at it. She took Setsuki's clit gently between her teeth and started tugging at it, earning cries of ecstasy from the other woman and when she brought her hand into the equation to roughly fist her, Setsuki reached her own orgasm, juices spreading all over Binx's hand.

Both woman sat for a while panting as Lukas was still transfixed.

"That- was the most amazing and... fucking hottest thing I've ever seen," he said.

It seemed that Setsuki had drifted off to sleep as Binx moved forward closer to her laptop and grinned at Lukas. "I want to fuck you more than anything now."

"You're not alone in that."

"What time are you going to be home tomorrow?" Binx asked. "I've got another surprise for you."

"Another? God Binx, I'm being driven insane with how horny I am!" 

"You'll like this one, I promise Lukas baby."

"I know I will, but if I don't get to hold you soon..." Lukas trailed off and looked up into Binx's blue eyes, set off perfectly by her flushed cheeks. "I'll be home about seven. Make sure to say thank you to Setsuki for me." 

Binx giggled. "I'll thank her in the morning." She winked and finished off with a blown kiss into the webcam and a "See you tomorrow...".

Lukas sighed and set about cleaning himself up, knowing that he would see this in his dreams too. 

The next day when Lukas returned home from work he cooked himself dinner as usual, fed his dog and took off his tie, suit jacket and unbuttoned the first few buttons of his dress shirt. He himself was a handsome man, tall with short but messy dark hair and dark eyes, just the hint of a tan that was natural owing to the Italian decent of his family and a permanent six o'clock shadow taking the hard edge off his features and a slightly crooked nose. He didn't have time to work out, but he was in shape from walking his dog everyday. He wore glasses right now to see his computer screen properly and still squinted through them as he saw with disappointment that Binx wasn't online.

He waited an hour and when she still didn't come, sighed and signed off himself... walking into the kitchen to see what he could fetch himself in the way of dessert.

Just as he was getting out the ice cream to eat liberal amounts of, the doorbell rang.

Somehow, he knew who it was, yet when he quietened his dog down and opened the door to the grinning face and the incredible blue eyes he couldn't quite believe it.

"Lukas!" Binx exclaimed happily, throwing her arms around him and kissing him, shocked or not. Somewhere in his head, he managed to find the instruction to kiss back and pulled her hard to him, holding her there and making their first kiss one to remember.

When they broke away and she breathed a sigh of, "Wow." Lukas stepped back and took in Binx's appearance. She was wearing a black coat tied and nothing on her legs but a pair of six-inch black stilettos. Her hair was slightly messed up, the black and blue perfect for each other, and the only visible jewellry was a small hoop in each ear, but Lukas knew the tongue, belly and clit piercings lay dormant for him to see later... hopefully.

He was almost hard in anticipation.

"If you're wondering, I'm not wearing anything under this coat."

Lukas' eyes widened but then he managed to return her saucy grin. "You are fantastic, you know that?"

"Just you wait and see."

Lukas tried to still his heart, but his only thought was that he was going to get to see what was under that coat and then get intimate with her body... the thing he'd wanted for so long, the thing he'd fantasised about as he wanked.

"Want the grand tour?" Lukas offered, trying to be chivalrous.

"Absolutely." Binx slipped her hand into Lukas' and linked their fingers together, indicating that he should lead the way. And he did, he showed her all around his moderately-sized apartment, and then sat her on his computer to look at the folder he'd dedicated to her while he got some wine for the two of them.

Soon enough, they sat on his suede sofa near a big window looking outside where it had just started to rain. They were drinking their wine and Binx was resting her head on Lukas' shoulder. They were both highly anticipating what they both knew was about to happen but neither of them had said anything yet.

"How did you get here Binx?" Lukas asked, stroking her hair and committing her spicy scent to memory along with the delights she gave all his other senses.

"I took the train, I know that you'll go to work in the morning but... well, I have to admit it, I'm more horny for you than I've ever been for anyone."

Lukas felt a tingling grip at his crotch. "I know exactly what you mean."

Binx grinned and leaned over to take his wine glass and set it with hers on the side table. She looked up at Lukas and then kissed teasingly up his neck until she reached his lips which immediately moved to snatch her enticing mouth to him. He deepened the kiss immediately, needing no gentle introduction and taking advantage of her slightly open mouth to slide his tongue in and acquaint himself with that smile up close.

But she broke off suddenly, still smiling and stood up, right in front of him to untie the belt of her jacket, then teasingly loosen every button so slowly that it seemed like slow motion. Then she slid it off her shoulder and stood naked in front of Lukas. Her lovely full curves were displayed fully, and every little piercing, mole and tattoo revealed for his eyes only. Lukas would later tell her that she was so much hotter than ever imaginable or depictable on a monitor.

Lukas felt his cock hardening even more and stared transfixed at the Goddess who was all his as she came forwards and sat on his lap, kissing him hotly again and undoing his shirt buttons one by one.

Pushing his shirt off, she whispered hotly, "You're a thousand times hotter than you've ever been right now."

"Binx..." he replied, feeling his erection grow by the second and snaking his arms around her bare waist, feeling her skin so soft. "There are no words for how hot you are."

Binx pressed her lips briefly to his, a dark glint in her eye as she kissed on down his neck, down his chest, one of her hands suddenly at his crotch, rubbing firmly even through the material of his pants.

Lukas grunted a little and grinned at her again, "Someone's keen."

"Absolutely," Binx poked out her tongue and pressed her breasts into his chest as she leaned forward, knowing how much he wanted to touch them. "We'd better get those nasty pants off before Binxie goes mad."

Not needing telling twice, Lukas slipped off his shoes and socks then Binx got to work on his fly, unbuttoning the pants, opening the fly, then sliding them and his boxers down off his hips, getting off him to achieve this. She grinned at him, thinking that there's nowhere she'd rather be than here with him, taking off his pants. Crawling forward again, she nuzzled his neck, tipping her head upwards to whisper into his ear, "I think your cock needs a little attention."

Lukas felt a delighted shiver run through him and pulled Binx hard to him, kissing her again, roughly, taking her lip between his teeth and nibbling it lightly in a way he remembered she said she loved and mumbling, "Yes, yes it does."

Climbing off him again, Binx lowered herself to her knees on the carpet. She wasted no time in leaning over to press her lips to the head of his shaft... and then she flicked her tongue out, dragging it down the underside to the base and back up again, feeling all the throbbing veins and herself grow wet in the process. Lukas closed his eyes with this contact, groaning and reaching down to finally take Binx's boobs in his hands and squeeze gently, his thumbs brushing over the nipples, loving the way the piercing felt in contrast the warm hardened nub like a little pebble.

Binx hardly noticed though. She was too absorbed in her current... activity. One of her hands was firmly on his hip, the other moved to grab his sack and massage it gently as her mouth engulfed his cock fully, head bobbing. She closed her eyes, groaning quietly, growing ever so desperate to join with him. Not as desperate as Lukas though, panting and knowing this was the most incredible woman he'd ever been with.

"God Binx..." he panted. "You're fucking incredible!"

After a few more moments Binx actually switched, taking his sack into her mouth, as her hand pumped at his cock, thumb rubbing over the head occasionally in slow, deliberate circles. She wanted to hear him, wanted to make him remember this, their first meeting and their first time.

It just drove Lukas mad... the delicate skin being given the five star treatment or so to speak. His chest rose and fell with effort, beads of perspiration forming where his skin met the couch. He grunted and panted, still kneading her breasts, desperate to take them into his mouth... but it was hard to think that when was he was coming so close... it was hard to think of anything except for this amazing woman who'd been his saviour from thinking all woman were evil...

Binx glanced up at Lukas' face and pulled away a little, only using the very tip of her tongue to glide along the slit at the head of his cock. Both of her hands were holding his hips down to the couch and he longed to arch them, rise up a little, further into her mouth. Lukas chose that moment to let go with a groan louder than any of the others, letting his cum go where it would and opening his eyes again to look at the little sex kitten down at his crotch. His breath was being ripped out of him, the best workout of any, he had to say.

Binx chuckled, licking a little of his seed from her lips where it happened to land, a little on her chest and stomach also. She stood up to straddle him again and lowered her head, nuzzling his neck. 

"How was that?"

As Lukas panted still he barely had time to say it was the best head he'd ever received. "Unbelievable," he told her, putting his hands on her fantastic heart-shaped butt and squeezing firmly. "You're unbelievable... you're a dream, I know it."

Binx ran her fingertips down Lukas' chest, having no nails to use as she bit them relentlessly. Kissing the corner of his mouth, she purred in that wonderful husky tone, "A good dream I hope."

"The best dream I've ever had." He kissed her mouth, once, twice and moved one hand to cup her boob, tweaking at the nipple and chuckling a little, very pleased when he felt the goosebumps rise on her skin. Soon he shifted his head down so he could replace his hand with his tongue. Flicking it across her nipple and tasting a little of his own cum there, he massaged her other boob, just so it wasn't neglected.

"My turn I think..." Lukas picked Binx up suddenly and stood up to set her down in the same place he'd been sitting. "Spread your legs for me Binxie." 

Grinning, Binx lay back, spreading her legs as he said and revealed her wet little pussy to him. That thing that he loved so much as well as her boobs every time he saw her naked. Lukas moved again, positioning himself over her and grinned at her in the soft lamp light. First he traced one finger lightly down her torso, between her breasts and down to her navel, set with a little blue stone.

"I want you to taste me, Lukas. I want to feel your tongue all over my pussy... I know you love it."

Binx's dirty talk was getting him going again. With one hand on her stomach he moved down a little and started with his fingers, testing her and touching the flesh gently... then a little harder, rubbing where he knew it would have the most effect. He wanted to see more of that wetness like he did yesterday with Setsuki. He listened intently as she moans quietly, the most beautiful sound and still with utmost gentleness, he slipped one finger into Binx. He crooked the finger in a "come hither" position, trying to find that buried spot. With his ministrations, he earned himself a quiet whine and a gasp, until she bit down on one finger. Then he abruptly pulled out and lowered his head down onto her, flicking his tongue out and tasting her sweetness like she wanted. 

Binx lifted her hips a little, legs spreading a bit wider as though trying to give him better access. 

"Right there..." she moaned. "Oh God... oh God..."

Where Lukas' finger was before, he slipped his tongue into her then pulled out again and lapped at her clit furiously, feeling himself grow more and more turned on by the second. She could turn him on amazingly just on webcam. Now, there was no words to describe what Binx was doing to him.
