 Who knew that after nine years of marriage, our sex life could get exciting again? You see, neither my husband nor I have ever been overly adventurous when it's come to sex. We were both brought up in pretty conservative households, and that kind of carried over to our relationship as well.

However, in recent years, I've started to feel these yearnings for something a little more spiced up, a little hotter. I'm completely devoted to my hubby, Scott, so an affair wasn't the answer for me. But since I work online a lot, I was, without trying, stumbling upon various web sites that showed, well, you know…things that good girls didn't usually think about!

I found myself starting to linger on these sites longer and longer instead of just blushing and clicking them closed. The more I saw, the hotter my fantasies became. Now all I had to do was figure out how to share these new thoughts with Scott without letting him know where I came up with them! I was sure he'd be shocked to know what I'd been looking at!

I started dropping subtle hints from time to time, hoping they'd gently nudge him into taking a more aggressive role in our relationship. I know -- I could have been the aggressor, but that wasn't a role with which I felt comfortable…at least not yet. Still, despite the hints, nothing much changed, and I didn't know what else to do.

Then one night, things changed.

My husband and I went to bed, the same as always. We'd both had a long day, and it didn't take long before we were both sound asleep, him wrapped around me from behind. I don't know how much longer it was, though, when I felt Scott's hand up under my nightie. He often slipped it under there as we slept, but now it was on my right breast, massaging it and pulling on my nipple at the same time. A tingle of excitement went through me. I didn't, however, open my eyes. In my semi-sleepy state, the fact that I couldn't see Scott as he was touching me was arousing me. 

I started to grind my bottom into his crotch area, and it was evident that he had a raging hard on, which only made my own arousal greater. I rolled over to face him so we could kiss, but before I could completely face him, he was up on his knees, pinning me to the bed by the shoulders. I opened my eyes then, and staring up, I saw this wild look in Scott's eyes like had never been there before.

Next thing I knew, he was crushing his mouth to mine, kissing me roughly, the feel of his razor stubble grazing my face, adding more sensation to the moment. I moaned. I tried to push my now throbbing clit closer to body in order to rub it and give it some satisfaction, but he moved away.

"What do you want, babe? Hm? What do you want?"

I simply moaned. I wanted him to fuck me. I wanted him to ravage me. But I wasn't comfortable saying these things…I'd never said to him before!

"Tell me…tell me what you want? Are you going to be a bad girl for me?"

At that, he reached down and took my hardened nipple in his mouth, sucking it hard and then taking it in his teeth and pulling it, causing me to cry out. 

"You like that, don't you? You like it when I pull on your tits…"

"Uh huh…" I breathed as I continued to writhe beneath him. I was so aroused now that I began to forget my inhibitions and get caught up in the game. "Oh please, please, Scott…make me your little slut…make me do what you want."

He replied with another crushing kiss, reaching down to pull my panties off and then pulling my nightie off in one swift motion. The covers of the bed were on the floor by now, and I lay there, completely exposed as he stared at my body, illuminated only by the glow of the lights outside.

Reaching to my tits again, he squeezed both of them, pinching the nipples to make them hard and erect. Then he moved one hand down to play with my swollen clit and full cunt lips. Sticking a finger in my love hole, he could feel how wet I was--wetter than I'd ever been before.

"You little slut…you're all soaked…" and with that, he brought his cupped hand down fully on my vulva, slapping it just hard enough to shock me. I jumped and my full tits bounced. 

"Roll over, you little whore," he said, and I immediately obeyed. He pulled my ass up into the air, and pushed my front down onto the bed. Gently he ran one finger down the moist crack of my ass and then, without warning, he brought his hand down hard on my round ass cheeks. I cried out, and me slapped me again. 

"Ah, you like that too, don't you? You like it when I slap your ass? Your round, fucking, slutty ass?" He moved around behind me now and suddenly I could feel his tongue plunging into my sopping wet cunt. He licked it and sucked on its lips, biting now and then, pulling on the loose flap of skin. Inserting a finger into my hole, he got it good and lubed up and then, began pushing it into my little ass pucker. The sensations made me feel like I would explode.

"Oh gawd, Scott…that feels…so…good!" He began pumping his finger in and out of my ass as he continued to tongue fuck my cunt. I could feel the electricity moving through my body and knew that my first orgasm was coming. I screamed in ecstasy as I rode out the feelings. 

Scott pulled back and let me lie down on the bed. "Stay there," he said, and I heard him walk over to the closet door. He brought back with him a couple of the silk scarves I'd worn over my sweaters that week, and with one of them he tied my hands together at the wrists behind me. We'd never tried any bondage games before, but the sudden through of it made me hornier than I ever remembered being before. 

"Do you trust me?" he asked. I nodded my head in the affirmative. 

"Good. Now do as I say. Get up here on your knees facing away from me." I did as he commanded, and immediately I felt the second scarf go over my eyes and be tied snugly behind my head. I was now blind and kneeling naked and bound in front of my husband on our bed. I knew he was nearby, but he wasn't touching me. It was silent and I wondered what was next.

Soon, from behind, he kissed my neck beneath my long brown hair. Reaching around, he found my tits and began pulling on the nipples again and he kissed my neck and shoulders. Then he whispered in my ear, "Get off the bed…" and he helped guide me to the floor next to our bed. "Kneel," he commanded, and I obeyed, my knees seeking into the plush carpet. I could hear him moving about me, and I knew he was now removing his own briefs. I was startled a second later to feel the hot tip of his cock pressed up against my mouth.

"Suck me, my little slut…suck my cock like a good slut."

I obeyed. Opening my mouth, I wrapped my lips around his long, hard cock -- I swear it felt bigger than it ever had before, a result, I assume, of the extra arousal of the game we were playing.

I began to move back and forth, sliding my mouth over his hard member, letting my tongue rub the tip of it, playing with it and then sucking back down on it. I moved faster and faster, feeling the taste of his pre-cum on my lips. The way I was kneeling, I was able to rub my own engorged clit with the heel of one foot, thus increasing my own state of arousal again.

Scott was getting hotter and he grabbed the back of my head and started to fuck my face with his big dick. I thought I might gag, never having had his cock feeling this big and full in my mouth, let alone being so far into my throat, but I didn't. I rubbed my foot harder against my clit, bringing me near climax as I kept sucking Scott's big dick. He continued to fuck my face harder until finally I felt his hot juices shoot from his prick and run down my throat. He held my head in place for the duration until his cock began to soften. I shuddered as my own spasm ricocheted through my body.

Gently then, he guided me up off the floor and sat me on the bed. Untying my hands and my blindfold, he looked into my eyes and kissed me softly. I smiled. We lay down together, still naked, and embraced together on top of the coverless bed.

We never actually talked about that night, but I've often wondered what prompted Scott's aggressive impulses. Maybe he found a few web sites of his own? Whatever the cause, its better late than never because things have only gotten better. And my, how I do love silk.