 I smiled to myself, doing my best to savor the moment while it lasted. I was kneeling on Katie's bed, holding her hips, gazing down at her gorgeous, round bubble butt as it bounced and jiggled, her back arched as she presented that booty to me on all fours. My cock was dripping wet and shiny, glistening with her juices as I drove it repeatedly into her perfect, smoothly shaved pink pussy in long, deep, consistent strokes, sliding back far enough to reveal a flash of my swollen, purple tip with each thrust before I slid back in, causing her juicy asscheeks to bounce delightfully. Her pussy was red-hot; as soft as velvet and soaking wet; slippery but still gripping me tight, squeezing my cock and smearing her thick white cum over my shaft with every firm thrust.

We fucked in silence, the room filled only with the sounds of our sex - the gentle knock of the headboard against the wall; the quiet creak of bedsprings; the slippery wet slap of my long, thick cock sliding repeatedly into her tight little pussy; my measured, heavy breaths and, most prominent, her urgent panting, punctuated by a series of excited squeals and moans, steadily increasing in volume and pitch as time went on. Her sweet moans and murmured expletives were driving me crazy - my rock-hard dick throbbed and my balls clenched each time she gasped with pleasure, and I pumped my cock into her with renewed intensity every time I saw her hands grip the bedsheets as she whined in uncontrollable bliss.

She let out an especially loud squeal and giggled playfully as I gave her luscious ass a firm, playful slap before returning my hand to her hip, making sure to hook my thumb back under the black lace of her skimpy little thong, keeping it firmly to the side as I maintained the steady rhythm. The fabric of her little red dress stopped just above the waistband of the thong - bunched up around her hips, frantically slid up out of the way in our haste to relieve the tension that had been building between us all night. We had crossed her messy, half-lit room from doorway to bed at high speed, collapsing onto the mattress and wasting little time in giving in to our mutual craving for deep, hard and animalistic fucking. As my eyes were drawn to the bright red of her dress, I couldn't help but reminisce about the events of the evening...

—

I'd stepped out of the bar to smoke, already considering heading back to my parents' place and putting an end to the painfully slow evening I was enduring. It had been a couple of years since my last visit to my hometown and I guess I forgot just how mundane it was. Almost nothing had changed since high school. I'd moved away to the city and got on with my life, but coming home was like going back in time. I'd come out to drink with a few old school friends, but we had very little in common now and it was getting difficult to keep up the conversation. We weren't nerds in school, but we were definitely quiet kids - we all focused on school work and didn't do a lot of partying, and it would seem that these guys had stuck with that mentality, whereas I'd come out of my shell a little in the time I'd been away.

I was just finishing my cigarette, resigned to an early night, when I saw Katie arriving with a few of her friends. All the same girls from school, I might add. I couldn't help but grin when I saw her. Katie had always been the hottest girl in school as far as I was concerned. She was gorgeous; a sweet, innocent face, deep brown eyes and big juicy lips, long, straight brunette hair, a tight 5'4 frame and curves to die for. The babe of my teenage fantasies - the last few years of high school I must have jerked off over her a hundred times. We moved in very different circles and I don't think she was ever especially aware of me - it's not that she was in any way mean, I just kept myself to myself and saw girls like her as being miles above me.

Well, I had changed a lot since then. At 24, I'd graduated and become successful, gotten in great shape, learned how to dress well and, most importantly, gained the confidence I lacked as a teenager. I now understood that I was entirely capable of attracting and satisfying beautiful women, and I did so regularly. From a physical point of view, Katie didn't seem to have changed nearly as much; her 24 looked a lot like her 18. The most noticeable changes were in her figure: she, like me, had clearly discovered the gym. Her midriff and thighs were even tighter, but her ass was bigger and rounder, and it looked like she might have gone up a cup size (maybe a C, at a guess). Her skin-tight, dangerously short red dress clung to her curves, the juicy, round swell of each asscheek clearly discernible through the thin fabric.

I was impressed, and apparently so was she. Her bright smile when I introduced myself was a million miles from how she would have talked to me when we were at school, and her enthusiastic nod and excited giggle when I offered to buy her a drink would have had me struggling not to cum six years prior. Her friends left us together with knowing smirks, and from there on things progressed quickly. By the end of our first drink, my hand was on the small of her back. After two, she was finding any excuse to brush her hand over my chest and I was confident enough to slide my hand down and give the perfect ass I'd fantasized over for years a firm squeeze, eliciting an almost pornographic gasp from her in response. Three drinks in and both hands were shamelessly groping a cheek each as we made out in our quiet corner of the crowded room.

The fourth drinks sat half-finished and abandoned on the bar as I leaned back against the wall of the bathroom stall she'd dragged me away to, drawing deep, steady breaths and struggling to process the fact that I was looking down at Katie, the girl of my adolescent fantasies, gazing up into my eyes as she slid her plump, glossy lips along the length of my raging pole. She sucked dick exactly the way that I'd always imagined and hoped she would - loud, enthusiastic moans muffled by my engorged tip, saliva running down my shaft and dripping onto the floor below as she slurped away, bobbing up and down while one hand pumped my shaft in time with her mouth, a series of increasingly pleasurable flicks and swirls of her hot, wet tongue around my cockhead and a pleasantly surprising amount of lewd, whispered compliments about the size and taste of my dick. She made sure to drop down and give my full, heavy balls similar treatment, licking and sucking each in turn while she massaged my dripping wet cock with both hands. Before long she had me in her mouth again, her eyes closed as she focused on the steady rhythm of her exquisite sucking.

After around ten minutes of this treatment I was in heaven, leaning my head back against the wall as I enjoyed Katie's skilful sloppy blowjob, moaning under my breath while she polished my tip with her lips and tongue, when she slid in for one final long and deliciously wet suck that ended with her pouty lips sliding off of my cock with a theatrical pop. She hopped up, smiling brightly before she spun around and posed for me - knees bent a little, leaning forward, back arched as she gripped the hem of her dress, pulling it up to reveal the bottom of her juicy ass, wiggling her hips enticingly, looking back over her shoulder and biting her lip, an agonizingly sexy expression of pure, pleading desire on her angelic face. The second I began to step toward her she erupted in a fit of giggles, grabbing my hand and leading me out of the bathroom just as fast as I could frantically zip up my jeans, dragging me back through the bar and out into the street. I laughed in disbelief, going along with the tease, intoxicated by this gorgeous girl's sky-high sexual confidence.

The cab ride back to her place had passed in a blur - I spent most of it with my tongue trapped between her lips and my hand up her dress - and we had burst into her apartment, slamming the door behind us and rushing to the bedroom with little ceremony.

—

Dragging my attention back to the present, I reached forward to gather her long, silky hair in my hand, forming a makeshift ponytail and wrapping it around my wrist, earning a lusty groan of approval from Katie. I tugged firmly on it, pulling her almost upright before leaning in to kiss her neck from behind while I continued to grind my cock into her, eliciting a squeal of pleasure from the new angle as I worked my hips in time with hers, fucking in steady, thrusting circles as I hooked two fingers on my free hand into her mouth. She immediately began to suck enthusiastically on them, her continued moans muffled as she fucked back against me, slurping noisily as she soaked my fingers with her thick, warm saliva. Eventually I released her, allowing her to fall back onto her hands for support. I tugged sharply on her hair, pulling her head back and causing her to moan loudly, her back arched in an exaggerated feline pose as I began to fuck her harder and faster, helping myself to a handful of firm, juicy booty in my free hand, groping her shamelessly as I pounded my cock into her tight, wet pussy. Her desperate moans and exclamations drove me on and I fucked her with renewed passion, determined to satisfy her.

My spit-covered fingers edged inwards as I squeezed and pawed at her bubble butt, until eventually they came to rest directly on her cute little pink star. I continued to fuck her with the same intense rhythm and force as I worked my slippery fingertips in circles on her tight asshole, her moans growing louder and her pussy becoming steadily wetter as she enjoyed the new sensation. She worked her hips, bouncing her booty up and down, fucking back against me as she grew closer and closer to climax, supporting herself on one hand as the other moved below her to desperately work her clit while I played with her butt and relentlessly pounded her pussy. Her ceaseless moans grew ragged as she began to provide a breathless and explicit commentary, loudly announcing her impending orgasm.

I grinned to myself, choosing the moment to finally slip a finger into her tight ass, sliding down to the second knuckle and being treated to a delightful wail of pleasure in response. Katie's climax was downright cinematic; she shuddered and thrashed, shamelessly moaning at the top of her voice as she gave in to the pleasure. I didn't hold back, fucking her right through her orgasm, allowing myself to abandon all restraint. As she finally collapsed, sliding forward off my cock with a final, blissful groan, i quickly replaced her tight pussy with my hand, needing only a few urgent strokes to bring myself over the edge. I groaned as I began to cum, spraying long, thick ropes of hot cum all over the perfect round ass in front of me as she giggled and moaned quietly, still lazily rubbing her pussy as she kept her back arched, providing me a canvas to decorate with my load.

My vision blurred and I fell back on my hands, supporting myself in my kneeling position while I caught my breath. Finally I opened my eyes to look down at Katie, sprawled obscenely on her front before me. Her juicy bubble butt was soaked with cum; long spurts had streaked across her dress and even into her hair. She giggled playfully as she finally found the energy to push herself up to her knees. I leaned in to kiss her and she responded enthusiastically, swirling her tongue around mine.

Katie was definitely worth the wait.