 I was sound asleep in our bed lying next to you. When I awoke from my dream, my heart beating frantically, my body aching with desire. I have had erotic dreams before but this one was incredible, in this dream you were making love to me, on a breathtaking beach on the coast. Not only was it beautiful it was romantic and enchanting. 

As I lay there looking at you, I wanted nothing more than to have you right there and then. Slowly I pull the covers from you, exposing every curve of your body. I looked down at your chest, so strong. Then moving my eyes to your stomach and finally to your cock. My pulse raced even faster just the sight of you made me wetter. I took my hand and slowly ran my long fingernails gently over your chest, lightly touching your nipples, I tracing them with my finger tips. I watched as your body begins to react to my touch, your nipples growing harder. My hand slowly and softly moving down your chest, over your stomach, I can feel the soft hair gently going under my hand. Lightly I tickle your skin with my fingertips, moving my hand just above your groin and then down to your legs. Rubbing the inside of your thighs with my nails softly, my fingertips very gently touching your balls, I lean over and kiss your neck sucking it softly as my fingers slowly move up and down over your cock. The skin on your cock so soft, I trace it up and down the shaft, and over the head. You have the most gorgeous cock I have ever seen. 

I slowly move my tongue over your skin from your neck to your chest, tasting you, wanting to taste more. I lick slowly down your neck you your nipple kissing it tenderly, licking it as I take your cock in my hand. I slowly start rubbing the shaft softly in my hand, feeling it growing harder little by little. You stir briefly but do not wake up. I take your nipple in my hot wet mouth, sucking it gently, my hand holding your cock firmly between my long fingers I stroke it. Moving my hand up and down I rub the head of your cock in my palm massaging it. My tongue softly licking your nipple I slide it down your chest, giving you soft little kisses as I go. 

I move down and climb in between your legs. Your cock lying there your cock so close to my face, I take it back into my hand. Stroking it very moderately, bringing it to my lips, softly I kiss it. Gently licking the head of your cock all the way around in particular the little spot just under the head of your cock, my tongue teasing it, I feel your cock swelling. Opening my mouth just a bit more I take only the head of your cock into my hot wet mouth. I suck it gingerly, sliding your cock, inch by inch into my mouth. I feel it becoming harder in my mouth. You start to move a little but stop, I look up at you and you appear to still be unawake. I slowly slide your cock in and out of my wet hot mouth. Moving my head a little faster, loving the way your cock tastes, I moan ever so softly not wanting to wake you. Savoring each and every second your cock is in my mouth. 

With my other hand I start to rub my pussy lips. I take two fingers, my index and middle finger and insert them into my responsive pussy, rubbing my clit hard. Every inch of my body longing to have your cock inside of me. I take your cock out of my mouth, and hold it in my hand as I continue to embrace it. I then climb on top of you gently not wanting to wake you just yet. Taking your cock I bring it to my fiery sultry pussy, sliding it in ever so leisurely, taking every inch of it in, I feel it go so deep, I run my hands up and down your chest. I slowly begin to rock my hips. My pussy being filled with your enormously hard cock. I reach up and rub my tits in my hands. Cupping them firmly, I caress them, as I move my hips faster. 

I feel you move a little, and I look to your face to see if you're awake. You still seem to be asleep, so I continue to move my hips slowly. With each movement your cock sliding deeper into my hot soaked pussy, moaning quietly as I can, with the amount of passion I am feeling at this very moment. All of the sudden I feel your hips move rigorously, your cock going so much deeper into me. I cry out surprised a little and look down at you. You are looking up at me, smiling that incredible smile of yours as your hips move wildly. Your cock moving in and out of me so rapidly. 

I arch my back taking you even deeper into my sopping wet cunt, pinching and pulling my nipples gently. Your hands move to my waist holding it tight in your strong hands. Gripping it as you shove your hard cock deeper and faster in to my pussy as I start to cum hard, my juices running out of me onto you. I lie down on top of you kissing you passionately on the lips. Looking into your eyes, I smile at you. "Good morning baby," I say to you. Holding you in my arms, kissing you softly, passionately. 

After a brief time I lightly climb off of you. I move to go back to take that precious cock of yours into my mouth, but you stop me. You push me down onto the bed. Lying there on my back I looking up at you. Your body pressing hard against me you hold my arms above my head, your hands over my wrists you kiss me hard on my neck, sucking it. Sliding your tongue down over my skin you take my nipple sucking it powerfully into your warm mouth. My body wiggling with delight, moaning from you touch. Your tongue slithering down over my stomach towards my pussy my body trembles faintly. 

I spread my legs as you move down closer, anticipating your touch I bite my lower lip hard between my teeth, my thoughts of how badly I want to feel your tongue against my pussy on my clit. You take your hands separating my pussy lips, holding them open I feel your tongue glide over them. Moving in to my clit, I feel your tongue move quickly against it, fluttering over it fast. Moaning as your mouth plays with my clit. My hips writhing with pleasure. As you continue to eat away at my swollen clit, I feel you suck it into your steamy mouth. I feel your long fingers move into my pussy. You move them in and out so fast, I feel the juices running out of my soaking wet cunt, a puddle forming under my ass, on the bed. 

Then you remove your fingers and bring your tongue down to replace them. All of the sudden I feel your fingers as they move to my ass. Your fingers moving briskly up a down the crack of my ass, I feel your wet finger stop at my ass, rubbing it delicately in a very slow circular motion. Very slowly I feel you insert your finger inside of me as you suck on my clit in that hot mouth of yours. You finger moving faster in and out of my ass, exciting me so I moan as I feel myself starting to cum yet once again. My body swarming with passion, feeling such and explosion inside, I cum very hard. Juices from inside pouring out of me. I beg you "please baby please fuck me I need to feel you deep inside of me." You don't say a word but you look into my eyes, as you watch me cum for you. 

With that you raise my legs gently placing them on your shoulders you slide your cock against my pussy. My body aching to have you inside of me. I watch you as you tease and torment me with your huge cock so close and yet it seems like it isn't even close to where I want it, where I need it to be. In one moment it goes from so far away to right where it belongs as you ram it deep inside of me, and I cry out in ecstasy. Arching my hips and moving them to your rhythm, I feel your cock as it glides almost effortlessly to my spot that only you know how to find deep with in me and as it rubs against my g spot, I feel my body gush with such amazing force, and I am lost in the moment. 

To the point that time simple stands still and for a brief second there is no one else except you and me and we are one, and it is this time I feel you cum inside of me. I look up at you and watch your face loving it when you cum with me. After you cum you lie on top of me your cock still deep inside of me, and you kiss me so passionately, holding me in your arms. Both of us exhausted, we lie there together wrapped in each others arms. My fingers running softly through your hair, as we drift back to sleep. I think to myself something's are better then a dream.