 Readers: there may be some of you who notice this isn't the original version. I changed the characters a bit and cleaned up my writing a little, but I assure you, the story is in its heart the same. All the series with formerly Jason and Marea (now Mark and Lily) will also change to fit it. I just was dissatisfied with my writing style (author's constant process of trying to improve self). I also felt my characters needed to have a slightly different look and feel to them to them. Their personalities have completely evolved in my head to be different than I had planned so I've changed them very slightly in appearance to suit how I imagine them. Please enjoy. It's still the same couple; you'll see. 

----

Mark woke up with a start and twitched so violently that it woke up his sleeping girlfriend. 

"Jesus fucking Christ, Mark!" Lily grumbled and rubbed her eyes as the unwelcome morning light pierced them cruelly. It was a Sunday morning, and she wanted to sleep in until at least noon. She had been up late the night before working on her term paper and had finally finished it at four in the morning.

"Sorry, honey," Mark offered as she rolled over and turned her back to him, "but I just had the weirdest dream ever."

Lily sighed and rolled her eyes, cranky at being woken up after only three hours of sleep. "What was it?" she questioned, uninterested, trying to humour him. Stretching and yawning, she was ready to fall back asleep again when Mark's arm snaked around her and pulled her into him, pressing up against her back and teasing her lower back with his morning wood. Lily snorted, "Huh. It must have been good, whatever it was."

Mark pinched her nipple and cupped one of her large breasts into his hand, ignoring the comment. "Well, it was really weird. I was lying on a beach, alone, and then this really, really beautiful girl walked out of the water, and decided she liked the looks of me." Lily tensed at this. She was extremely self-conscious, and always worried about how she compared to other women, even those in her boyfriend's fantasies. She knew it was silly, and she knew he couldn't help what he dreamed, but she always begrudged any supermodel he thought up to please him. Knowing she was being overly sensitive, she tried to feign interest and mask her jealousy.

"Oh really?" she remarked, still trying to sound objective as she began to squirm under Mark's hand that was now kneading her other breast softly. 

"Yeah. It was crazy. It made no sense at first because she had webbed feet," he went on nonchalantly, now rubbing his very erect cock along Lily's buttocks, making her wriggle her ass into him and press up firmly. "And it was totally weird, because when I asked her about it, she just said that she was a mermaid like it was the most obvious answer."

She snorted. Wanting to be a mermaid when she was six (just like every other girl in her class that watched a certain Disney movie) had never worn off. Mermaids were graceful and beautiful and lithe and made nice silhouettes in the water as they went about their mermaid business. "As in, not me," she thought and huffed aloud, now extremely irritated at this fantasy woman that her boyfriend had dreamt up. Mark sensed her mood. Being slightly mischievous, he decided to play with her a little. "But when she came out of the water, she was gorgeous. She was blonde, and petite, and perfectly tanned, and everything. But the weird thing was she didn't have a tail, just webbed hands and feet. And the tightest pussy ever." 

The image he was describing was the exact opposite of her: a red-haired, rather built, and definitely not tanned and petite woman. Lily was near fuming now. She was annoyed that Mark had woke her up, annoyed that she was so tired, and annoyed that another female had invaded her territory. She squirmed up against Mark, more annoyed than reacting to his hand that was now sliding down her stomach and over the swell of her hips to squeeze her buttocks. She knew what she was feeling made no sense: dreams are the realm of the unknown and uncontrollable, but she couldn't help but feel a little hurt somewhere in her chest. Trying to hide it, she muttered "Oh? That's nice." 

"But the craziest thing was how good she gave head. Oh my God, it was go good. She had the most amazing mouth and almost made me cum before she straddled me." He grinned as he monitored Lily's body language: a mix of envy, anger, and arousal from his touch. "And then after she rode on top of me for a little bit (which was hot because she had the most gorgeous, big, firm tits ever) she decided she wanted to suck my cock again. She did it so fucking good she made me cum. Isn't that crazy? A mermaid sucked my cock!"

Lily was almost seething. Mark could be a little difficult to bring to climax sometimes, because he was far too impatient to let her just keep her mouth on him. However, Lily truly enjoyed giving her beloved pleasure, and loved to give him head. She was very content to suck on his swollen erection for ages, and had at least once or twice given him head for over a straight half hour. Mark just was sometimes a tough nut to crack, and although he had no problem climaxing while buried to the hilt between her legs, he always seemed to have an issue with doing so in her mouth. Sometimes Lily saw this as inadequacy in her skill, rather than a preference on Mark's part, and it upset her. She didn't know how to read Mark's somewhat unresponsive behaviour, and so had a hard time with this mermaid-porn-star-lookalike-woman doing what she could not.

Mark's fingers were now roaming over her shaved mound, and easing along her slit, trying to coax her legs open to allow him access, but Lily would have none of it. She was annoyed, hurt, and uneasy. Was this what Mark saw in his dreams, what he desired: something she was not? She pulled away from him slightly, her reasonable mind telling her she was silly battling with her frail ego and hurt feelings. Mark worried if he had overdone it. He stroked her cheek and felt wetness and his stomach turned slightly when he realised he had gone too far. He kissed her shoulder, and gently murmured to her, apologetically, "Lil...?"

She tensed up, and thought quickly for a moment. She reached behind her and wrapped her hand around Mark's semi-hard cock, squeezing it slightly and in a flash had her head ducked under the covers and her lips wrapped around him. 

Mark groaned loudly and peeled the sheets away to reveal his girlfriend's firey mane all tousled around her and hiding her from view as she began to slowly bob her head up and down. He gently pulled her hair back and held it, pushing up on her chin with his hand and looking down at her guiltily. "Lily... I'm sorry, love, you don't have to --" his words were cut short by a gasp as she swallowed his cock in entirety, her tight throat gripping him. He groaned and petted her wet cheek as he felt her body convulse in a gag, knitting his brows in concern. "Be careful, Lil... don't push yours— oh...ohhh..." his concern was slowly giving way to ecstasy as she increased the suction, pulling him almost all of the way out and then taking all of him in again. He felt her body lurch once more, and pushed upward gently on her chin, encouraging her to ease up a little.

Tears of mixed emotions were falling down Lily's cheeks as she pushed her head down on her boyfriend's large cock one more time. Her stomach turned as the reflex began to perform its natural duty, and she finally eased up. She was no less determined however, as her tongue came into action, swirling around the sensitive head of his cock and running up and down along the underside of it. A small part of her was becoming turned on, but most of her heart just wanted to bring herself up to par with this vision Mark had dreamed. She knew she was being unreasonably possessive, but all she could think about as she bobbed her head faster up and down his shaft was, "Mine."

Mark gave up trying to stop Lily, and wrapped his fingers in her hair. Something was driving her, and he felt like he was being tortured with the extreme pleasure. He was already turned on from his dream, and he was feeling his blood beginning to boil. When his girlfriend paused to slow down a little, he quickly took the opportunity to sit up slightly against the headboard, allowing him to watch her go down on his cock. No matter what Lily thought about herself, he knew she was beautiful, and seeing her full lips wrapped around his cock was such a turn-on. Her face was flawless, and her dark, thick eyelashes rested against her cheek as she kept them looking downward. 

Lily's mood was slowly progressing from hurt to almost vengeful. She was, in a way, determined to stake her claim and teach this other woman who Mark truly belonged to. She positioned herself between Mark's legs, sucking on and flicking her tongue against the swollen head of his cock. She ran her fingers along his inner thighs, rubbing the skin sensually. Mark squirmed underneath her and pulled her hair up out of her way again as a few stray bright curls made their way down to frame her face. Soft hands slid down to cup and massage his balls gently while her tongue and mouth began a rhythm; she sucked hard as her head went down, and her tongue snaked around his shaft and danced around the ridge of his head as she brought it back up. Mark's pleasure began to vocalise, as the wonderful warm wetness kept pulling at him and squeezing him skilfully. Watching her with barely open lids, he purred quietly, "Oh... oh yes, hon... just like that..."

Encouraged, Lily began to visibly relax and truly enjoy the feel of a cock in her mouth as she always did. Her harsh feelings slowly waned as she began to move her head side to side, twisting her mouth slightly around the hard shaft, letting her tongue reach areas on the front and sides of the firm length. She looked up at him, and almost paused at the arousing sight. Mark's head was thrown back, his dark wavy hair in a tousled bedhead, and his eyes were closed. His mouth was slightly open, gasping and panting with pleasure between moans. One hand twisted into her hair tighter, and the other was gripping the pillow that supported his back, wringing the pillowcase into knots. She purred around his cock and Mark groaned sharply, snapping his head back up to look at her. Lily felt a flood of wetness between her legs as she saw the raw desire in the blue eyes looking down at her. They almost pierced her, looking at her hungrily, and she almost choked around him when he bit at and licked his lips. His cheeks were slightly flushed with arousal and he began to squirm as she slowed down, losing her concentration. 

"No, Lily... please don't... don't stop... keep going... please, ohh..." Mark was so lost in pleasure he didn't realise he was beginning to beg. He just wanted the hot mouth around him again, the soft tongue lapping at him, and the delicious suction to return. He looked at the deep brown eyes staring up at him with lust burning inside them, and felt his balls begin to tingle familiarly. He squirmed and let out what Lily could have sworn was a whimper when she quickly let go of his erection and wrapped her fingers around it. Before he could complain, he was moaning once again as her mouth began to suck and lap at his sensitive testicles. He groaned urgently as she began to move her fist up and down, jerking his hard shaft as she lapped at him and sucked each of his balls into her mouth. 

Lily's other hand was grazing along his inner thighs and petting him softly as she licked his full scrotum all over. Mark's panting was slowly becoming more and more urgent, and he frantically began to pull at her head with the hand entwined in her hair. Lily cried out in surprise as he almost roughly pulled her mouth back up to his shaft as he emitted a soft groaning noise. She shot a glare up at him and was about to chastise him for pulling, but was taken aback by the longing and pleading she saw in his eyes. She worked a hand up to his and pried at his fingers, loosening his grip and easing the pain. He definitely whimpered this time as she licked all the way up his shaft and wrapped her mouth around him once again. One hand began to caress and massage his balls again, and the other began to work below her mouth, sliding down and up with her, ensuring no part of his shaft was left untouched.

Mark moaned and his head lolled back as he fought the urge to buck into Lily's mouth. She would surely gag if he tried, yet his hips were burning with the instinct to move. He wanted to thrust into the delicious-feeling warm wetness, and wanted to bury his cock as far as it would go. He used every ounce of self-control he had to resist, and his toes curled as she began to move her head faster. She was moving her head at a steady pace as fast as she could, sliding down as far as she dared go, sucking, and sliding up while bathing his shaft with her tongue. She made an encouraging, almost cooing noise at him, causing his balls to churn and his legs to quiver. She wanted him to release his load into her mouth. She wanted his seed down her throat and she wanted him to know that. She looked up at him, and forced his gaze upon her by giving his balls a firm squeeze. She gave him an almost expecting, questioning glance, and he raised his eyebrows back at her. She let out another purr, and Mark understood the familiar lovers' language. He moaned at her and released the pillow to pet her cheek, smiling and biting his lip at the arousing sight of her lips engulfing him. She sucked harder and almost frantically began to bob her head, trying to drive him over the edge. Mark whimpered once more and his back began to arch; his throbbing erection was now aching and he wanted release. 

Mark closed his eyes briefly and focused on the extreme pleasure of her mouth and the hot, wet pressure around his hard cock. The tip of Lily's tongue lapping against the most sensitive part of the head was causing his hips to buck slightly up and down, and his breathing became ragged. He gasped out a warning, "Lily... I'm gonna... oh... I'm close... I'm gonna cum..." He looked down at her quickly, making sure she understood.

Lily looked up at him and stared right into his eyes and sucked harder. Looking at him hungrily with a hint of a smile in her eyes, she purred a soft noise that was music to Mark's ears. 

"Mmmhmm..."

Mark gasped as she took him as deep as she could and his whole body tensed as his balls unloaded. He cried out in ecstasy as Lily kept her lips firmly planted around him and swallowed all she could. He shivered as her tongue kept lapping at him and coaxing out more cum from his cock and kept bucking his hips as wave after wave of hot fluid shot down Lily's throat. As the last bit dribbled out, Mark let out a cry of surprise and squirmed as he felt her mouth begin to move up and down once again, sucking and lathing her tongue along his hypersensitive cock and ensuring she did not leave a drop behind. She smiled around him mischievously as she felt him slam his hand down on the mattress in pleasurable agony, squirming and writhing under her.

Mark growled and pushed at her head frantically, beginning to beg again. "Enough, love... no... no more... aaah..." When she finally let go, he let out a huge sigh of relief and slumped down to lie on his back. He was spent; he had emptied his balls, and was exhausted. He shot a weary glance at Lily, who licked up a little bit of cum that had dribbled out of the corner of her mouth. He petted her cheek lovingly, smiling at her and beginning to pull her close. "Mmm... thank you, love..."

To his surprise, she pushed him away and rolled over, turning her back to him. She muttered grumpily, "Hmmph. Your mermaid still so fucking great now?"

He laughed and cuddled up next to her, her legs parting easily for him this time, granting access to his fingers. "Nah," he nipped at her earlobe as his fingertips began to rub against her swollen clit, making her shiver and writhe against him. "I lied. She was the spitting image of you."

Arching her back as his fingers slipped inside her, Lily purred triumphantly.