 The morning light cast a faint shadow on the bed where their bodies lay entwined. In the city below the apartment, people were up and moving, heading straight for their venti nonfat lattes, protein bars in hand. Up and out and off into the streets, at the first light of dawn, is the American way of doing business. Only not today for Adam and Ariel. Today they got to sleep in, a rare deviance from the typically harsh daily routine. 

Adam began to wake first, feeling the familiar swell of his morning erection, as it grew hard against the round curve of Ariel's ass. She was still fast asleep, her breathing still calm and even. He smiled as he remembered their long, thorough sex romp the night before, and his erection grew even more insistent. He began to play with himself gently, as quietly as possible so as not to wake his sleeping beauty. 

He stroked himself as he remembered going down on her in his slightly intoxicated state. A few cocktails always made Adam feel a little bit of extra friskiness, and he liked to spend a good long while taking care of her, his head between her thighs. The heat that radiated from her was intoxicating, and it was all he could do to control himself and take his time burying his face in her delectable pussy. He had licked her up and down, and then side to side, starting slow and building up speed until his tongue vibrated against the sensitive nerves of her glistening wet entrance. He loved grabbing her breasts as his tongue circled her clit and she let out a few soft moans of pleasure. He pulled her closer to him, and his tongue probed her juicy depths as she arched her back, lost in sheer carnal lust. He could feel how wet she was when he slipped a finger inside her, and loved the taste of her juices as he licked her pussy clean. 

His face was flushed and his dick was pulsing with an urgent need for release at that point. There was no way Adam could get himself off alone and silently, without waking Ariel. Not that she would mind him getting himself off, she actually enjoyed watching him play with himself as foreplay, but she would be mad that he hadn't waited for her to wake up and join him. As much as Adam felt like he wanted to blow his load right then and there onto the soft, creamy skin of his sleeping girlfriend, he refrained. 

He got up to go to the bathroom to finish what he had started, when a thought occurred to him. He looked down at Ariel, who had rolled onto her back into the warm indentation he had left when he arose. Her breathing hadn't changed. She was still lost in a deep slumber and he could hear her murmur something about "taking the cats for a walk!" in her sleep. It had been a long night for the two of them, and she was always a very heavy sleeper. 

He carefully knelt back onto the bed and climbed on top of her sleeping body. She didn't even flinch. Her legs instinctively parted for him as he knelt between them, looking down at her exposed body. He lightly caressed the folds of her pussy with his fingers then bent down to lick them. To his surprise she was already wet and waiting for him. His tongue lapped at her pussy for a few moments more as he savored the taste of her. He then rose up and guided his throbbing dick to her moist entrance and slowly pushed the head inside of her. She stirred a bit but her eyes remained closed and her breathing steady. He then pushed the entire length of his dick inside her and rested there for a moment silently, basking in the sensation of being engulfed by her pussy's warmth and tightness. His breathing was hot and shallow right up against her neck and next to her sensitive earlobe. He couldn't help himself and he took her earlobe into his salivating mouth. He felt her body respond to him and watched her eyes open slowly as she awoke and registered what was going on. A smile crept across her face and she wrapped her arms around his neck, drawing his face to hers for a passionate kiss. "Mmmmm good morning baby," she whispered into his ear as his mouth explored the silky crevice between her neck and her jaw.

He began to fuck her in earnest, thrusting harder and harder into her tight pussy. His balls slapped against her ass cheeks as he pounded her, the tension rising in both of their bodies. She came first, rapidly, tensing all the muscles in her body. The muscles inside her pussy contracted against his dick and it threw him over the edge as well. He plunged his twitching dick into her pussy one last time and shot his hot sticky cum deep inside her. He was drained, and he rested his body on top of her as his erection subsided, still inside of her. Neither of them moved, and they lazily dozed off into a mid-morning catnap. Maybe later they would grab a coffee and start the day, but not just yet.