 Special thanks go to BlueEyed5ftAngel for her advice and encouragement.

Shara looked into the mirror smiling, running her hands over her curves, feeling the soft velvet dress caressing her fingertips. In her stocking clad feet Shara was exactly five foot tall, with her full breasts and rounded hips her figure could only be described as hourglass.

She may never really be a Goth but she did love dressing up as one. 

The long, black velvet dress clung to her every curve, low enough in the front to show off her generous cleavage with slits up the sides to show flashes of her beautiful stocking clad legs. 

The dark, smeared eyeliner made her smoky blue eyes look even more mysterious while the blood red lipstick gave her lips a fuller, inviting look. 

"Tonight should be good" she thought to herself. 

She needed a positive night out. Ever since the break-up her confidence had been shattered and non existent. 

Her ex, John had thoroughly convinced her she was unattractive and this was his reason for cheating on her with younger, slenderer girls. He always described Shara's curves as fat, pushing her to a variety of diets. He had come very close to shattering her completely before she finally woke up to his manipulations. What a pity it took her three years to come to that realization! 

Sitting down she pulled on her knee-high black platforms which added a few more inches to her height. 

Julia, her housemate came in offering her vodka. 

Shara smiled, "Sure, I guess a little Dutch courage could help." 

As Julia and Shara entered the dark smoky club, Shara perked-up hearing her favorite song starting to play. 

She moved onto the dance floor, sensually gliding to the song. She loved Portishead: Glory box for its slow sensual beat. Closing her eyes she let the music and words wash over her. "Give me a reason to love you...give me a reason to beeeeeeeeeeeee a woman...I just wanna be a woman..."

As the song finished Shara ran her hands up over her breasts and into her hair opening her eyes to find Peter staring at her

Unconsciously she licked her lips. 

She had been attracted to Peter since the first time they met, eight years ago when this club first opened. At the time they had both been in relationships and unable to act on the attraction they felt for each other. Unfortunately over the years they had never been single at the same time. Recently Shara heard Peter hadn't been seen with anyone since he broke up with his fiancée a year ago.

. 

Peter oozed confidence and sex from very pore. Six feet tall, he had piercing blue eyes that made Shara feel like he was looking into her very soul. His fitted black leather pants left little to the imagination, seeming like second skin on his long lean legs. Shara couldn't tell if the silver buttons adorning his groin made his bulge look bigger or if the rumors of his size were true. 

Gazing at his chest she could see he lost none of his muscle over the years. He was still lean and toned, at least from what she could tell through the mesh of his dark shirt.

Licking her lips again Shara wondered if he tasted as good as he looked.

Mentally shaking herself Shara felt her heated pussy begin to throb.

Smiling shyly at Peter she went to the bar to get a drink. Weaving her way through the crowd, writhing to the music, she brushed against a variety of velvet, leather and pvc clad bodies. She shuddered as her nipples, erect from her earlier musings on the dance floor, brushed against the back of a man in a studded leather vest. 

"Ok Shara calm down" she lectured herself.

Seeing someone that she hadn't spoken to for a while, Shara got herself a drink and headed over to catch up. Cara was a good friend to Shara. Ever since the beginning of Shara's relationship with John, Cara had been trying to get Shara to realize just how bad he was for her. Cara was one of the many girls John had tried his moves on and one of the few that had actually turned him down! No wonder he hated her. 

Cara is a willowy woman, standing five foot five with small pert breasts, flashing green eyes and long, natural blonde hair that cascaded down her back looking like it had just been ironed.

Tonight Cara was dressed in a black pvc catsuit, tight and low cut with her creamy breasts almost overflowing. 



Grinning wickedly at Shara, Cara leaned in and whispered, "I saw you and Peter exchanging your usual longing stares. I swear I thought you were mentally undressing him!"

Shara blushed drinking some of her vodka. 

"Not completely undressing him, just full of wishful thinking that he would go for someone like me," she muttered.

Cara looked down at Shara mentally cursing John for hurting her and cursing Shara for not being even remotely interested in a woman. 

Cara was distracted with thoughts of bending down to kiss Shara's full lips, making her realize just how much of an attractive woman she was.

Frustrated, Cara snapped, "Stop being so down on yourself. Peter should consider himself lucky if you allowed him to lick your boots." 

Seeing the hurt and startled look on Shara's face, Cara quipped, "Or, maybe if he let you lick his boots, seeing how you love to be the submissive slave." 

Shara was blushing profusely. 

"Finish your drink, have another... then go find Peter and talk instead of staring!" Cara grinned, placing a finger under Cara's glass, tilting it to her lips.

A few drinks later Shara did a circuit of the club, finding herself in the smoking area where she found Peter standing by himself. 

For a moment Shara hesitated, her stomach full of butterflies at the idea of making any kind of moves on Peter. Her pussy was throbbing in eagerness. Giving herself a quick mental lecture about being a strong confident woman coupled with the confidence given to her by the alcohol, she went up to him. 

Smiling, Shara greeted him with a hug, surprised and excited when he hugged her back longer then she had expected. 

Pulling back a little she kept her hands on his hips. 

"So how are tricks Peter?" she asked with a shy smile.

"Ahh I'm getting old Shara, thirty-three, single and I haven't gotten laid for almost a year now," he said with a smile, gazing into her eyes. 

Peter's hands slowly stroked down her back before cupping her rounded butt. He'd always wanted Shara, sometimes to the point of fantasizing about her while making love to his girlfriends. He smiled lazily feeling her shudder against him.

Impishly Shara looked up at him.

"Well, you should have taken me up on my offer to come home with me last time I saw you honey. I would have been more then happy to service you." 

Inwardly Shara shivered. Her last offer was only made in jest, knowing he surely would not have taken her up on it.

"I was intending to actually," he replied. "But you had left early."

Shara tilted her head back, unintentionally pushing her pelvis into his groin as she tried to see if he was kidding. 

Next thing she knew Peter was holding her firmly against him, brushing his lips against hers. 

Shara felt a bolt of electricity shooting between their mouths. 

Closing her eyes she slid a hand behind his head pulling him closer as she deepened the kiss. As their tongues started to dance stroking each other, she felt on fire, her pussy was throbbing, her nipples stood erect and in desperate need of attention. She rubbed them against his chest moaning softly into his mouth. 

Grinning, Peter pulled back a little grabbing one of her hands, pushing it in between them until it settled onto his cock.

"I think I have just what you need right here," he whispered.

Shara stroked his cock through the tight leather pants, not believing she was doing this in public. 

Groaning softly she continued massaging his growing bulge, realizing the rumors were true about Peter's cock 'being big enough to split a woman in two'!

Shara's eyes closed. Visions of his enormous cock flooded her mental screen. She wanted to rape his leather protected organ.

"Let's go somewhere a little more private," he moaned into her mouth.

Startled, Shara suddenly realized just where she was but all she could think about was having that enormous cock inside of her tight little pussy.

"We could go to my place," she purred with parted lips and a dazed look in her eyes. 

Running a thumb over her lips Peter growled, "I don't think I can wait that long. I have somewhere closer in mind."

Taking her by the hand, Peter led her out of the club and down the sidewalk to an alleyway. 

Half way there he was already unbuttoning his pants, releasing his throbbing cock. 

Shara gasped seeing how long and hard it was, at least nine inches, very thick and richly veined. Her hand hesitated before reaching out to stroke it. 

Peter let out a low moan; stopping for a moment while Shara relieved her urges before they set off at a faster pace. 

Shara's mind was in a haze, feeling as though this was some great dream. She couldn't believe she was walking down the street with Peter's cock still in her hand. 

He guided her into an alleyway, around the corner to a dead end where they couldn't be seen from the street.

Suddenly Peter spun her around. 

Shara's back was to him as he ripped down the sleeves of her dress, pulling down her bra at the same time exposing her breasts to the cold air. 

Shara gasped at the suddenness of it. Her nipples were hard and rigid and her pussy was throbbing out of control. 

Peter's hands started mauling her breasts, pinching her nipples as he bent forward kissing and biting her neck. 

Shara's body tensed and jerked as she whispered "No marks".

"Don't worry I won't mark you," he whispered into her ear nibbling her lobe. 

Shara felt the electricity shooting down her spine as she leaned against him for support.

Peter kissed his way down her neck then began biting and licking. His hands were rubbing and squeezing her breasts, his fingers moving to pinch and pull on her nipples. 

Shara jolted with each pinch, feeling shocks from her nipples racing down to her clit. 

Her pussy was throbbing and all she could do was moan with need. 

Her hands started to slide up her skirt so her fingers could give her clit the attention it was screaming for. But Peter stopped her; dropping onto his knees he pushed his hands up her thighs instead.

His blue eyes bore into hers, widening in surprise as his hands explored her stocking encased legs before reaching her bare ass! She wasn't wearing panties.

Peter's hand brushed teasingly against her pussy feeling the heat pouring from her smooth mound. Lifting her skirt he popped his head underneath using his hands to open her pussy lips as his tongue reached out to flick at her clit. 

Pulling back he inhaled the musky scent of her pink, inflamed arousal.

Shara clung to his shoulders for support as he pushed his tongue into her throbbing hole, rubbing her swollen clit with his thumb. 

"Man your pussy tastes so sweet, it's been too long." Peter moaned, inhaling her sweet perfume before diving back in to tease her some more. 

"Please..." Shara moaned. "I want more, give me your cock."

Smiling Peter stood up kissing her fiercely.

Shara sensually licked his lips tasting her own juices before biting his lower lip, demanding more attention. 

Rubbing his cock against her stomach Peter realized that the difference in height could cause a problem for what they both now desperately needed. Quickly looking around Peter spotted a pile of boxes to sit Shara onto so that she would be the right height for his cock to be able to slide into her. 

Perching her on the edge of the boxes he grabbed his tool rubbing it against her clit, coating it with her juices. 

Shara thrust demandingly against his cock, sighing with satisfaction as he slowly eased the head into her. 

While kissing and nibbling her lips Peter started gently thrusting, inching his cock in and out of her...Trying not to hurt her as he pushed deeper and deeper.

Shara moaned into his mouth as her pussy slowly stretched to accommodate him. She had never felt so full in her life. 

Pushing him back a little she looked down to see his cock slowly disappear into her. 

Peter grinned, "So you like to watch huh?" 

He angled himself back a little gripping her hips before thrusting back into her. 

"Oh my god, you can take all of it!" he groaned.

Peter's ex was a small woman and had never been able to take all of his cock; he couldn't believe this tiny little vixen could take all he had to offer. 

"Oh yes," Shara moaned as she watched his cock slide to its hilt into her throbbing little pussy. 

Closing her eyes, pinching her nipples she began to thrust to meet him. 

Her body was on fire as his rod slammed in and out of her. 

Feeling her orgasm approaching Shara held her breath letting it build even higher. 

The lack of oxygen made her head spin, always giving her mind blowing orgasms.

Peter looked at her with concern realizing she wasn't breathing but then smiled at the look of pleasure on her face.

I'll have to remember that for next time he thought to himself.

Shara suddenly exhaled in one long moan as her orgasm shot through her. 

Peter felt her hot chamber throbbing around his cock and thrusted harder and faster, his finger working her clit as he kept her orgasm going. 

Moaning and whimpering Shara begged for him to stop but felt a sense of loss when he did slide out of her. 

Peter grinned at her. "Greedy are you?"

In blissful relief Shara weakly smiled up at him. 

"But you haven't cum yet," She sighed apologetically. 

Hungrily staring at his cock she wondered if it could fit in her mouth.

"Don't worry, the night is still young." Peter replied with a lustful grin on his face.

Gently he straightened her dress, smoothed her hair and kissed her tenderly on the lips.

"I feel like dancing some more, then you can take me to your place where I intend to spend the rest of the night with my face or cock firmly imbedded in your sweet little pussy." Peter growled pushing his throbbing cock back inside his pants. 

He had been waiting a very long time for this moment, and intended to make it last long as he could.

Shara smiled lustfully and then winced as her pussy throbbed from the pounding it had just received. She couldn't wait to get him home tonight. 

When they returned to the club Shara excused herself to the bathroom to clean off the cum soaking her thighs.

Leaving the toilets Shara bumped into Julia. 

"Where the hell have you been?" Julia exclaimed, "I thought you had left without me! And what is with that dreamy look on your face. What have you been up to?"

Shara smiled. "Oh I just went for a walk to get some fresh air. By the way, make sure there is room in the car. I'm not coming home alone tonight." 

Shara's eyes glazed a little as her pussy throbbed again at the thought of what was to come later on tonight.

Julia grinned. "Ah no wonder you look like you are in dreamland, who's the lucky guy?"

"Just someone I've wanted for a long time." Shara replied mysteriously.

"In dreamland?" Shara thought to herself. "I don't think so. This was better than anything I could ever dream." 

The end... For now