 This night was no different than any other night; she would either cry herself to sleep or make love to herself using what she could...using her toys... her fingers...her imagination to please herself. This night she imagined him laying next to her; she imagined it was him who was touching her. As she moaned from her own pleasure, the flicking of her clit to the pinching of her nipples it was all him. 

Once she had given herself a pleasurable orgasm she would open her eyes to find herself all alone, like all the other nights previously. As she sighed, a tear trickled down her cheek. She rolled over to hug her pillow; she wondered who he really was, what he was really like, and everything about him. Thinking of such a mysterious man she found herself aroused again.

She moaned as she reached down in between her long muscular legs pulling and tugging on her clit, rubbing her pussy gently at the same time. Her moans were quiet yet one could tell she was holding back. As she slipped one finger into her tight pussy her moans grew a little louder. She licked her finger of her other hand and began to rub her little areoles that weren't quite the size of a quarter and pinching and pulling on her nipples. As her nipples grew harder and firmer she slid yet another finger into her wet pussy, turning her moans into quiet squeals. She pumped both fingers into herself while rubbing her clit with her thumb. Her other hand, the one you could see the faint tan line of where her wedding band once was, was tugging harder and faster over her nipples squeezing and twisting as she made love to herself... pleasuring herself. Her quiet squeals turned into muffled screams as she slid yet a third finger inside her. It was then she saw his face, his gentle smile... it was his fingers touching her, pleasing her. As one last pleasure scream came from her mouth, her legs tightened, her back arched and she poured her juices onto her empty bed. As the last of her juices flowed out of her, she opened her eyes to found that once again she was alone. 

She got up and cleaned herself off, got a glass of water, checked the kids one last time and went back to bed. She smoked her last cigarette for the day and thought of him. She didn't even know a name. And it was that thought she fell asleep to.

This morning was no different from any other morning. She fought to get the kids off to school and get herself ready for her busy day at work. A single mother of two, one being 7 and the other 10, she found herself lonely with no life of her own. She never complained, always saying that it was better to be alone than to be hurt. "Besides", she would always say, "I have my children and they keep me plenty busy." So she smiled each day and carried onward. Deep down, she knew it was easy for her to think that way for she admired someone from afar... the same him she thought of the night just prior. She admired his gentle smile and his soft hello. She knew it was absurd to think of this man that way to make him out to be a knight...a hero of some sort. But she would find herself to become moist every morning from his hello; well maybe just maybe she thought to herself driving through the busy morning traffic... maybe he dreams of her, too. 

She arrived at the parking garage where she parked everyday. Of course she could park closer but she would miss him and his soft hello that helped through her hectic day. As she came closer to that one particular street corner she slowed down and waited for him but not obviously... she saw him and walked to the corner next to him. She got jittery as her stomach started to twirl; she felt her pussy muscles flex as she stood next to him... as she looked over to give him a friendly smile... there it was - that passing glance of his and then that soft "hello". She looked at him shyly and quietly returned a "good morning" and smiled. 

"Oh, if he only knew" she thought to herself. 

She always had to take a deep breathe before crossing the street because she felt weak in the knees, which would put her about two steps behind him. She never minded though, for this way she could see an outline of his tight firm ass through his suit. She fought hard every morning not to touch it, caress it. These thoughts were stronger than normal which confused her but she held back. Once across the street he would normally go to his building which was next door but not today. Today she noticed he was next to her as she walked up the steps to her building. 

As they approached the door he took a large step toward the door, opened it and held it for her. As she walked past him she smiled and gave him a gentle 'thank you'. The thoughts in her mind were racing. Why was he there? What business did he have in this building? Her building was typical of any other city building full of accountants and lawyers and doctors and other offices. She saw him looking at the directory but she could not get the bravery to ask him if he needed help. She got to the elevators and pressed the up button. As she waited her mind raced, and the fantasies began to occur. She thought to herself she needed to control this. 

She entered the elevator with ten other people, noticing that he was among them. She was glad to find she was in the back so she could use the side to hold her up. From where she was his scent traveled to her. She closed her eyes and inhaled the scent so she could place in her memory for later that night. The ding of the elevator made her open her eyes. She had to brush past him to get off of the elevator. One last glance she would give to him... one last smile he would give to her until the late afternoon. 

She started to walk toward her office, but she stopped and looked back to watch the doors close. She had a smile on her face as she now had his scent in her mind, something new to enhance her fantasy. This morning had not been like any other, she thought to herself as she walked into her office closed the door and locked it. She knew he was one or two stories up...he could be right above her and with that thought she could not fight it any more. She opened her blinds and stared at a beautiful view of the city. She leaned back onto her desk and called her secretary on the loud speaker, "I need not to be disturbed; hold all calls". The secretary thought nothing of it as this was a common occurrence, just not for the reason she wanted this morning. 

She moved things that were on her desk to the floor...it was his scent that made her so weak that she could not wait until tonight. With the blinds open to the city and him being above her, her mind fantasized about him. She pulled up her skirt and sat on her desk, spreading her legs and closing her eyes. It was then she started to rub her own legs imagining that it was him who was between them, that it was his hands rubbing her legs. Her legs tingled with every caress, her nipples hardening with every quiver she felt. Her hands... his hands went up higher rubbing over her panties. She began to get moist and light groans came from her lips. With one hand she slipped her panties to the side as she sucked 3 fingers of her free hand into her mouth. Her wet fingers were his tongue as her clit was teased into arousal. Her body gave a jerk as her fingers went to her wet pussy, teasing it making it wetter. She bit her lower lip to stifle the groan that was to come as she inserted two of the three finger...again feeling his tongue enter her, stiffened so she could fuck it. Her body gave a jerk and before she fell all the way back onto her desk she caught herself with her arm. She used her chair to prop her legs on imaging that it was his broad strong shoulders she was putting her legs on. As she twirled her two fingers as a tongue would do she stifled yet another moan. Tightening her leg muscles she felt her pussy muscles tighten around her fingers, her juices flowing over her fingers. Once again she pleased herself thinking only of him. 

As she caressed her leg and she sat up, she slowly opened her eyes and once again she found herself alone gazing out the large bay window over the city. She wasn't sad this time which confused her. She wondered if it was the scent of him which she could still smell or the fact he was in her building. It didn't matter... she was content and was now ready to begin her day. 

"I will accept calls now, thank you" she told her secretary.

The end of the day approached and was like any other, except this was not a normal day. She was hoping to see him again not at the corner but in the elevator. As she was standing there waiting for the elevator, she realized she forgot something and had to go back. Instead of rushing back to the office she talked to one of her coworkers just in case he was on the elevator. The doors opened but he was not there so she turned with a sigh and walked back to her office. After she got what she had forgotten she walked back to the elevator and waited alone. She started to think of him again, actually smelling him. 

The doors opened, she walked in and reached over to push her floor. It was then that she realized he was standing right in front of her. She took a deep breathe and smiled and looked to see who else was there. Standing next to him was an accountant friend of hers.

"Good afternoon Bob" she said with a smile. 

"Good afternoon," Bob said, "Have you met Martin?" 

"No" she replied softly her face starting to feel warm, she now knows his name. 

"Let me introduce you then, Kate meet Martin." 

She held her hand out and with a shy smile she said, "Good afternoon Martin." With these words she felt jittery inside like she was a young girl again. 

He smiled big and shook her hand, "It's a pleasure to meet you, Kate." 

The touch of his hand was enough to send vibrations through her whole body. His hands were firmer and much softer than she imagined. The doors opened and the handshake was broken. 

As they exited, she looked at him and smiled, "See you around Martin, have a good night. Bye Bob." 

As she started to walk away she heard her name. She stopped and turned it was him, he called out to her. "We are going to go have dinner and a drink would you care to join us?" 

With those words she could not resist, she would have to find someone to take the kids this short of notice. She replied quickly, "I would love to but I must make arrangements for my children Would you give me a moment." 

"Absolutely" Bob replied without hesitation. 

They chose a quaint Italian restaurant a little ways away so they could enjoy a small walk. During dinner she did not hear a word her friend was saying but heard every word from the lips of him... embracing them... almost memorizing them. She pinched herself under the table to see if this was real or one of her daydreams, but it was real. 

After dinner it was Martin who touched her arm, and said to her, "What time do you turn into a pumpkin?", as he chuckled. 

She looked up into those deep eyes of his and replied chuckling back, "not until tomorrow morning. Why?" 

His face almost glistened. He asked her if she wanted to go dancing. She trembled with these words, almost couldn't believe she heard them... her knight, her...hero. She thought today was definitely not like any other day. They went dancing and enjoyed each other's company. As the night came to a close she trembled with fear that this would be it... the end of her reality with him, leaving her fantasy to begin again. He pulled out the subway schedule and looked at his watch. Dare she? Yes she thought to herself she dares.

"My car is right over there I can take you home if you would like." She froze with these words, she could not believe she actually said them aloud, she waited for him to reject her invitation but instead he accepted it. 

Her body quaked and shivered with his acceptance. They began to walk to her car and before she had a chance to say anything else to him. He stopped and right there in the middle of the sidewalk he reached for her arm and pulled her close to him. She was so shocked her legs wanted to give out, looking up at him and smiling. It was then she realized he was leaning down to kiss her. Their lips embracing caused her legs to give out...she could no longer hold herself up. His embrace kept her from falling. As she allowed his tongue to enter her mouth she pulled him tighter to her. She instantly became wet for him she wanted him... she needed him now... even if it was only this one night. 

The kiss broke and she looked into his eyes... thinking how does she say it, how should she ask him? He hugged her tight and whispered into her ear.

"Will you stay with me tonight, Kate?" 

Her body quivering all over, she replied, "I would love to Martin." 

On the way to his home they chatted even more. He was even more incredible than she had hoped. As she ran through all her fantasies that she had dreamed, one thing had come to her mind - she was never able to please him. She decided then she decided she would please him with her lips, her mouth, and her tongue. Arriving at his house he jumped out of her car and opened her car door. She grabbed her keys and took his hand as they walked to the front door.

He allowed her to enter first; she stopped right in front of the door. She turned to him and smiled as he took her keys and purse and placed them on a small table next to the door. He took her hand and led her into the living room. 

"Would you like a drink?" he asked quietly. 

She responded with a crackle in her voice, "Sure." 

She took a deep breath and tried to regain her composure. She sat on the couch and took her shoes off, hoping he wouldn't mind. Carrying two glasses and a bottle of wine, he looked down at her and chuckled. 

"I was gonna say take your shoes off and make yourself at home...but I see you have already done that." 

Oh she thought was she being impolite? A sense of embarrassment and she could feel herself blush, she looked down. He sat next to her... he must have sensed her feeling of awkwardness for he placed his hand on her cheek and turned her face toward his and leaned over kissing her with small gentle kisses. She leaned into those kisses embracing each and every one. He sucked her lower lip into his mouth, biting it gently and tasting it. She then opened her mouth ever so slightly and entered his mouth with her tongue... he opened his mouth, releasing her lip and willingly took her tongue, sucking it into his mouth. His hand caressed her neck, sliding down her back to her hips then back up again. She tensed... she felt her pussy muscles flex and her legs quake. The kiss broke and he held her there right in front of his face...he smiled looking into her green eyes, whispering to her. 

"Would you let your hair down?" 

She smiled, looked down and then looked at him. She did not say a word as she pulled away from him just a little and removed four hair pins. Her hair fell around her, long straight and black. She placed the pins on the table next to the wine. He stared at her in amazement, looking at her seeing more than what he had fantasized. He started to stroke her hair feeling the softness like fine black silk. She leaned into his hand with her face looking at him...he leaned into her and kissed her with a little more strength a lot more passion. The tingling of her body caused her to fall into him. 

He began to unbutton her blouse and remove it slowly. Her breasts were small but firm a - handful he thought... perfect. He stroked over her white silk and lace bra as she took a breath from his lips. She was leaning on one hand but her other hand touched his face, starting to go down over his neck and finally moving to unbutton his shirt and run her manicured nails over his strong chest. The kiss was broken and there in front of her was her knight and in front of him was his raven-haired angel. They stared into each others eyes for a moment just caressing each other, fingertips running up and down on soft skin. 

She leaned and nipped his neck, then began to nibble and lick. She ran her fingertips down his chest to undo his belt and then his pants. She left it open to caress him over his pants. He was bigger than she imagined. She continued to nibble and take nips on his neck, moving to his ear and sucking the lobe into her mouth putting it between her teeth and flicking it with her tongue. She felt him starting to shake and quiver and loved the reaction. She let go of his ear and licked down his chest. He stopped her, causing her to look at him quizzically. 

Standing up, picked her up and carried her to his bedroom. He gently put her down on his bed, bending down and kissing her harder than before. She ran her hands down his back gently and slid her hands into his pants. His pants falling to the floor, he pushed them to one side. One of her hands stayed caressing his firm ass while the other slid to his already hard cock... she began stroking it slowly. The kiss broke but not the look into each other's eyes. She bit her lower lip and reached over and kissed his neck. She licked down as he stood up in front of her, his hard cock in her hand and her hair in his hands. 

As she continued licking, she reached his tummy and bit it gently. She could feel his body tense and she could finally feel him grow in her hand something - she had only dreamed for so long. She put his cock on her soft cheek and began stroking it there. She looked up and knew she was pleasing him. The look on his face was that of the pleasure she had longed to give him. She felt herself get wet with his look. He looked down and smiled. She took his cock off her soft cheek and stroked it gently, tilting her head as she leaned down and gave a quick lick to his sack before sucking his balls into her mouth. He swayed a little but steadied himself. Releasing the suction she placed them into the hand that she brought forward grasping them firmly. 

She took her tongue and licked up one side of his cock and back down. She could feel him shake, and this pleased her. She licked again back up to his tip. His grasp on her hair was stronger as he began to groan. She took just the tip into her mouth sucking on it tightly, her cheeks going inward as she teased it with her tongue. "Ahhhhhhhh" is all he could say. She took an inch at a time, creating a stronger suction until his tip was at her throat. She started to go back and forth tasting all of him. Her lips wrapped firmly around his thick throbbing cock. She paced herself slowly at first. He tasted better than she ever could have hoped. Picking up speed she began to go back and forth, her tongue placed firmly on the side of his cock and her hand grasping his balls. His moans got louder and she felt his legs shake. She picked the pace up back and forth and tasted him as his tip hit her throat. She sped up yet more. Not letting go of either the grasp or the stroke of his cock, she tasted his pre-cum. She heard him get louder as her sucking quickened. He never thought she would be so good; it was only in his fantasy she would send him to heaven like this. She went faster still, feeling his cock start to throb in her mouth. 

"Yesssssss", his hips moving to her thrusts. "Yessssssss" he moaned again. He looked down to see this wonder to know that it was real. "Kate, I am going to cum." 

Hearing this she didn't let her lips go. She wanted to fully taste him, wanted him in her mouth. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh" He looked down to watch as he released his cum into her mouth. Her eyes closed she took all he had to give. She swallowed, releasing the suction and the grasp. He collapsed to his knees. Looking straight into her eyes, he grabbed her face with both hands and kissed her so hard... so intensely. 

"Wow!" he exclaimed, "I have admired you from afar, I have wanted to be with you for so long. I always called you my raven-haired angel and tonight you have proven to be that angel. Now it is my turn to please you" 
