 For him he knew tomorrow would not be an ordinary day. He has it planned in his mind how he was finally going to meet her; the woman that made his cock twitch with even just the thought of her. 

As he finished up his day, he turned and looked out his office window, looking down on the park where she eats her lunch. He knew every movement she makes; how she tilted her head back when she laughed. He could close his eyes and see her there. He could imagine her with her hair neatly tucked up, her little breasts would perk through her blouse as she would unbutton her suit jacket, and her legs (oh her legs he thought) how her muscles would tighten as she would cross them. 

He began to feel his cock twitch and grow as he sat in his chair and facing his window; he began to scootch around in his chair as his cock moved around in his pants. He could not take it any longer. He leaned back and pulled out a towel from underneath his desk. He unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. Pushing his pants down just a little he wrapped his hand around his already throbbing hard cock; closing his eyes he saw her again, she was standing in front of him with a gentle smile. As his hand started to stroke his cock, he imagined that it was her hand. She would start gently stroking, and as she picked the up the pace she would fall to her knees. He felt her tongue (his fingertip) on his tip and this caused his cock to twitch and throb even more. He stifled his moan as the stroking got faster and faster; his grip tighten when her lips wrapped around his cock. He could feel those lush lips firmly around him. As pre-cum started his eyes opened and closed, he could feel her tongue, his fingers dance around his cock that was about to cum. 

The stroking stopped. . .the dancing stopped. . .he left out a tiny groan as he released his cum onto the towel. When he was done he opened his eyes ever so gently to realize that once again it was just one of his many daydreams. With a satisfied smile he looked down and noticed people scurrying down below.

"Shit", he exclaimed, "damn I am going to miss her."

He hurriedly pulled up his pants and reassembled himself. He called for his secretary to remind him of tomorrow. 

"Now remember I will not be in the office tomorrow, Steve. I have to meet with the accountant," he said.

"Oh yes, I do remember. And don't forget that you have a meeting Monday morning at ten Brandon." Steve responded.

"Thank you I probably would have", as he chuckled, "Have a great weekend Steve."

"You too Brandon," Steve answered.

Steve turned and left and Brandon was not far behind. He looked down to find that he had 5 minutes or he was sure to miss her. Instead of waiting on the elevator he rushed down the steps, which he has become quite good at seeing how he always seems to run late. As he exited his building, there she was walking toward the corner. 

He smiled to himself and casually rushed to the same corner. She arrived at the corner first, as usual, and he would stand behind her just a little way back. He loved to watch her walk, he knew every curve of her body, her neckline which he could only imagine her black hair falling down to the middle of her back (he didn't really know how long the hair would be because he has never seen it so this was his guess), the curves in the legs, and the wiggles of her hips as she walked. He could feel himself get a bit hot and bothered; he took a breath and began to walk behind her. 

When they reached to the corner across the street, he waited for it, for her to turn and say goodbye to what he assumed was a friend…but that was not what he longed for. . .she would always give him that smile and that always made his evenings pleasant. There it was, soft and sweet as could be, he felt his cock wanting to dance but he fought those feelings. He would do his country-boy nod and smile back. She would always smile bigger and her green eyes seemed to gleam. She turned and started to walk down the street he would watch as the distance grew further apart from them. 

"Kate! Wait! I forgot to give this to you," her friend exclaimed running past him.

He stopped suddenly, could it be he thought. He slowly turned to see who this Kate was; it was her. His raven-haired angel now has a name. He could not help but to grin after acquiring this information. He turned and briskly walked to the subway or he would miss his train again. He made it to the station on time and the whole ride home he heard her name, Kate, in his head. He fought hard to control the twitches and the spasms of his cock. "Kate" he whispered to himself as he watched out the window smiling like a kid in a candy store. 

That evening all he could think about was her. Kate that angel he has fantasized about. He got giddy every time he would think of her name. As he cleared the table and began to wash the dishes, he could feel the shifting in his pants. Trying to fight the sensation, he tried to concentrate on doing the dishes. He heard his name being said in a faint voice. The shifting and movement in his pants was harder to ignore. His pants became tighter and he had to lean onto the sink so not to fall. 

As he closed his eyes, he felt her behind him. Her arms wrapped around his waist; her head laying on his back; her hands sliding down his chest to his pants. There she was Kate, his raven-haired angel. His eyes closed and his cock spasmed as he could feel her hands caress him. He felt his juices release and run down on the inside of his pants. 

"Oh my God" he said to himself, "Dang. The mere thought of her presence just makes me cum. What the hell am I going to do tomorrow if I get the chance to meet her." 

He wiped off his pants the best he could and finished the dishes, now he needed to shower. Chuckling to himself, he shook his head, trying to figure out how he could hide the permanent hard-on he had for her. Thinking and knowing she would not be impressed if he was to shake her hand and his pants became tight and wet. He would have to control every impulse he thought. 

A smile crossed his face as the possibility that maybe she too is attracted to him. He noticed every smile she sent his way in the mornings and the way she would quietly say 'good morning' to him. Now that Kate was part of his mornings, what use to be the least favourite part of his day had become one of his favourite part of the day. He knew she was no longer married because he could see the tan line where the rings were worn. He smiled as he thought what a fool to have let her go. Grinning, he could only think this was his gain, as he finished the dishes.

"Shower time," he said to himself with a big grin on his face. In the shower he could be as messy as he wanted and have no worries. He stripped as he walked to the bathroom leaving a trail of clothes in the hallway. As he stood in the shower facing the water, a grin came to his face. He closed his eyes, and the fantasy had begun. 

He could see her standing in the shower with him; standing in front of him. She was facing him and smiling with a gleam in her eyes. The water drops turned into erotic kisses on his chest. He imagined her gently nipping with her teeth; his cock began to throb with this thought. He reached down with one hand and grasped his cock firmly--his hand became her hand. Her hand would begin to stroke him slowly as she nibbled and licked his chest to his neck; then back down to his chest. He used his other hand to brace himself on the wall. He took a small step backward to let the water drops move downward. It was her nibbles that moved down from his chest to his belly but she did not stop there; she moved down onto her knees. He could visualize her, kneeling before him with her long black her wet and shining in the droplets of water. He imagined her breasts small and firm. He imagined her nipples hard and peering through the hair that lay across them. He could envision her down there smiling up at him as she laid the tip of his cock on her tongue. He moaned with this thought and fell more toward the wall. Bracing himself, his grasp on his cock got tighter as she would wrap her pouty lips around his cock. 

He could see her engulf his cock into her mouth and envision her head start a rhythmic motion back and forth. He could tell he was not going to last much longer as he stroked himself faster and harder. His cock twitched and his balls grew tighter, the pre-cum would start to flow. Moaning her name and throwing his head back; the pace was faster and harder. He could feel her head bob back and forth as her hair would lightly slap his balls. His groans got louder as his hand got faster. All he could think about was her. With this thought the stroking was faster and harder until his back hit the wall and he spoodged his cum all over the shower door. Leaning against the wall, he slowly opened his eyes and found he was alone. Kate, that raven-haired angel was still yet a fantasy. He smiled and finished his shower he knew he would have to get his chance to please her, to taste her, to satisfy her. 

He had organized the meeting with this particular accountant because he is in the same building as her. He knew he would have more opportunities to see her throughout the day if he was in her building and maybe…no hopefully a situation will arise to give him the chance to show off his southern charm. He thought hard on how he could go about meeting her. As he finished with his shower, he thought of what he would say to her. He wondered if she would even go for a country-boy like him or does she prefer the city slickers that surround her. He has speculated this for the past few months. He knew this obsession with this woman was ludicrous but he could not fight his emotions any longer. He had to find out if he could make this green-eyed-angel his. 

As he looked in the mirror, he said, "Well Martin Brandon, tomorrow is your day. Just be yourself and give her your best."

At that moment he could see her face in the mirror, giving him that morning smile and hello. Those kiss me green eyes of hers shining like emeralds and her hair glistening in the sun. Smiling, she began to fade and he saw himself again. 

"Just give her that southern charm and you will be fine Brandon", he said to himself. 

That night he tossed and turned. This woman who he knew very little about had consumed his every thought and had taken control of his fantasies. She was all he could think about and tomorrow is the day that will either make or break those fantasies. He rolled to his side, wrapping his arm around a pillow. It wasn't long until that the pillow had become her. 

He could feel her silky hair on his face as she wiggled into him. He could imagine his hand sliding along her side then around to the front of her. A pinch on the nipple as he glided his hands down her soft skin and felt every curve of her body. He longed to nibble her neck that he saw bare everyday, to let her hair surround him. He could easily imagine her laying there in front of him moaning as he flicked and tugged on her clit. She would wiggle her firm ass onto his hardening cock as they lay there together. She would lift her leg and bring it behind him allowing him to have access to her wet pussy. He could begin to feel his cock harden even more as he traced her pussy lips with his finger. He reached under the covers and his hand became her pussy. It was tight but not too tight; he thrusted his hips forward and his cock entered her. His moans were loud, his breath shortened as he started with a steady back and forth motion pumping her pussy. He could feel her muscles and her wetness surround him. His groans getting louder as he pumped his hand--her pussy--faster and harder. 

Oh god he yelped as his other hand gripped the pillow--it was her breast he would grip, and tug. The harder he pumped the more he envisioned her there; then with one loud scream he felt himself cum inside of her. He could feel their juices flowing together, he could feel himself fill her with his cum. Biting the pillow as if it was her neck as he finished cumming, he laid there alone gasping for air. He sighed and rolled over holding the pillow tight looking at his clock and wondering if he should change his sheets now or wait until morning. He chuckled to himself and decided morning would be better. It was the thought of his arms around her that helped him drift off to sleep hugging the pillow tightly and wanting not to let go. 

The alarm seemed early as it does every morning. Of course the interruption of his dreams of her always frustrated him. As he lay there in his big bed alone he realized he was still hugging the pillow. That would definitely be the perfect morning if he could wake up with his arms around his raven-haired angel, around Kate, he thought to himself. 

Startled and realizing the time he jumped up because he still had to change the sheets and get ready for the evening. Knowing that if today was going to happen the way he is hoping, he wanted to have everything perfect. He changed his sheets, put two bottles of wine, one white and one red, in the fridge and then took extra time to shower and shave and to look his best. 

As he boarded the train with barely enough time, he found a seat and stared out the window. He leaned his head on the window and closed his eyes; there she was in his mind as she always is. He started reminiscing last night's dream. 

He dreamed she was there laying on his bed, smiling up at him. He laid down next to her and would begin to remove her clothes caressing her skin and kissing her. The daydream was interrupted by a commotion on the train, his eyes opened for a second to see what the commotion was all about, then closed them and begun to visualize his dream again. There she would lay naked next to him. He would softly kiss from her lips down to her luxuriant neck, then trace his tongue down to her firm beautiful tits; continuing down to her belly. He would stop and look up at her and adjust his body and continue the kisses down to her clit. At that moment the train jerked to a stop. He sighed and thought to himself out of all his dreams and desires that would be the one he would want to make real. 

As he approached that particular street corner he did not see her. Looked down to check the time, he wondered if he had missed her. As he looked up, he saw her walking toward him. He felt his stomach get jittery and his heart would race as she stood next to him. He did his country-boy nod and soft smile and there it was that shy 'good morning' that he always looked forward to start out his day. He started to cross the street and head toward her building. He wanted to make sure he was there to hold open the door for her. This was yet another chance for him to hear her soft voice.

He knew where to go in the building but he wondered if she would take an elevator or is she on the main floor. He watched her from the information board as she went to the elevator. He thought maybe the elevator would be a good opportunity to introduce himself to her. He thought that he had to make sure he was on her elevator. 

He found himself taking a deep breath before he walked over to get on the elevator. As he stood toward the front of the elevator he thought to himself this is not a good time, too many people. The elevator stopped and the door opened; he heard a soft voice behind him say 'excuse me'. He shifted to one side and she brushed past him. There it is again, her smile, her soft eyes. He watched her as she walked down the hallway, gazing at her wiggle while she walked as the doors close. He did everything he could to stay calm, as his cock wanted to dance in his pants. He wiggled a little to gain his composure awaiting the next floor which was his. As he exited the elevator, he smiled to himself, for he now knows which floor is hers. 

As the day progressed he heard only half of what Bob, his accountant, was saying. He kept thinking about her, one floor down and how he could make a chance meeting. A meeting that would allow his fantasies turn into reality. 

"Martin? Martin?" Bob asked, "Are with me on this?"

"Huh? Oh yes Bob I am sorry. By the way I know my first name is Martin but I do prefer to be called by my middle name. Please call me Brandon." he answered.

"Sure thing. Is everything alright? You don't seem to be here if you know what I mean," Bob said.

Brandon sighed and replied, "Yes, everything is fine. I was just…" he stopped in the middle of a statement, not sure how to respond. It must be quite obvious his mind is else where. "Sorry Bob…now where were we?"

Bob looked at the clock, "You know it's lunchtime. Let's go get something to eat," he suggested. "Chinese sound good?"

"Great idea!" Brandon was hoping maybe a break would help get his mind back to his meeting. 

The two gentlemen had lunch and the conversation progressed. Brandon knew it was a long shot but he thought he should find out if Bob knew her. He could not believe he shared this information with Bob. He felt as though he was a high school boy again, talking about crushes on girls and such. This is ridiculous he thought to himself and figured this probably would ruin the deal between the two men. 

Bob started laughing, "You must be talking about Kate. She's the only beauty with green eyes and black hair I know of in the building."

Stunned, Brandon stared back at what may be his chance. "Do you know her?" he said with excitement in his voice. He could feel his cock throb from the excitement of knowing someone she knows. Knowing this bettered his chances of meeting her.

Bob nodded and the two talked for the rest of the lunch. The conversation went in favor to Brandon as Bob agreed to introduce him to Kate. With the anticipation of meeting his angel, Brandon had to order a dessert, not because he wanted one but because he had a hard-on that would cause him difficulty to walk. 

The two men headed back to the office to finish up the meeting. The plan was the two men would stand in front of the building and wait for Kate. An introduction would happen and Bob would invite her to join them for dinner. As they were about to leave Bob's phone rang which delayed the plan. Brandon was a bit frustrated, but he was asking a big favor. He nodded to Bob and indicated he would wait at the elevator. It was about fifteen minutes later when Bob rushed to the elevator.

"Maybe we will still see her," Bob commented

Brandon looking at the clock on the wall, sighed, "She's usually gone by this time."

"Sorry man", Bob had nothing more to say. He was trying to think of a suggestion but failed. 

The two men entered the elevator and pressed the lobby button. They stood there in silence as the elevator stopped on her floor. Brandon stood there hoping she was still there; this would be his last chance for the day. As the doors opened he saw her, his raven-haired angel. She was right there standing in front him. He could feel his cock start to pulse and shift. He felt his breath shorten and he could feel himself start to sweat. Bob introduced the two of them. When they shook hands, her handshake sent quivers through his body like no other handshake had ever done. He had to move or she would notice his impending hard-on. Bob had inadvertently introduced Brandon as Martin. He thought to himself not to correct Bob. He didn't clarify well enough, he figured and that is why Bob introduced him as Martin. He was gracious to Bob to have done this for him that it just might embarrass his new friend. Brandon decided to let it go and rectify it later. 

. . .Later that night after they had been together at his house. . .

"Wow!" he exclaimed, "I have admired you from afar, I have wanted to be with you for so long. I always called you my raven-haired angel and tonight you have proven to be that angel. Now it is my turn to please you." 
