 My name is Michelle. This is the true story of the first time that I let a guy cum in my mouth during a blow job. I was one of those girls that never stood out in a crowd in high school. I was too smart to be popular and my bi-racial heritage made it hard for me to fit into any of the cliques. My heritage (mother was white, father was African-American) is what gave me my caramel colored skin and curly hair. Those traits are exactly what attracted my first boyfriend (who later became my husband) to me.

Freshman year of college, I'd been out on a few dates, but could never find someone to be serious with. There had been one guy that I liked a bit, but it never went beyond a drunken night's make-out session. Then I met him. Steve was the complete opposite of all of the guys that I knew growing up back in my rural Michigan town. Most guys I knew thought dressing up was putting on jeans with no holes in them. Steve showed up at my dorm room door for our first date wearing khakis, button down shirt with a tie, and holding roses for me. His preppy look and romantic gesture was enough to get my heart fluttering before he even said hello.

From that first date, we both knew that we more than just liked each other. This was a good thing because neither one of us was into the idea of sleeping with just any random person that we met. Steve had only been with one other woman and I was still a virgin. 

He said that he did not mind that I was a virgin, but I still felt lacking when in comparison of him. Though a virgin, I knew almost immediately that he would be The One for me to give myself to for the first time. That first time came only four dates in when he took me to a hotel for the night; not much privacy in the dorms. We made love the entire weekend and it was amazing. 

I was so self-conscious about my body that I never could fully relax. I knew that Steve's ex was a 95lbs string bean. That was definitely not me. I was 5ft 8in with curves that I later found out drove Steve wild. But at that time, I felt that I was in competition with his ex. He never gave me any indication that he compared me to her, but I could not help it. 

Somehow it came up in a conversation not long after we'd begun sleeping together that he'd had anal sex with his ex and that she loved it so much that she could orgasm that way. Of course I saw that as a challenge. A few nights later I told him that I wanted to try anal sex with him. It didn't hurt like I thought; it just wasn't my cup of tea. We kept having anal sex on occasion, but only because I knew that he liked it and I couldn't let his ex be better than me.

Steve did not have a good breakup with his ex, so there was no love lost in his view of her. He joked with me one night about how horrible she was at blowing him. All she did was form an O with her lips and move it up and down his shaft. She was so bad that she'd never been able to make him cum that way. 

He said that all his friends had told him that there was no such thing as a "bad blow job", but he always wanted to just pass out the phone number of his ex to disprove that theory.

I knew his ex "won" the anal sex challenge, so I decided that I would make it my mission to teach him what a good blowjob was.

That first night we'd made love was the first time that I'd ever seen a cock. It was a different moment for me. I laid there with it in my hands for a minute; rolling my hands across it as I looked up and down its thick 6+ inches of hardness. After examining it like I was back in science lab, I tentatively took it in my mouth. I didn't know what to do with it, so I just went up and down on it for a minute before stopping. I was surprised to see the way that Steve was acting when I sat back up. He was writhing around on the bed, moaning and groaning. I guess women do have all the power during blowjobs.

In the following few months, I would blow Steve every so often. I did not get any enjoyment out of the act, but I knew how much he liked it, so I did it because I loved Steve. Usually I would stop after a while and begin to have sex with him or finish him off with my hand. But I continued to feel inadequate in comparison to his ex. I could tell by Steve's reactions while I was sucking on his cock that he thought I was pretty good at. I even began to believe that myself. His cock was pretty thick, but with practice I could take his entire length into my throat. This drove him wild with desire for me. A few times I almost didn't pull back in time as he couldn't contain his orgasm. It was after one of these near misses that I got an idea. I'd had no desire, and Steve had never pressured me, to let him finish in my mouth. I knew that not only was his ex not good at sucking cock, she could never get him off that way. So Steve had never had what I'd heard was the ultimate release. Maybe I could take him places that he'd never gone before.

The next time that Steve came to visit me in my dorm, I set my plan in motion. I never said a word or gave him a hint of what I was up to. We laid on the bed together and began to passionately make out. Our hands were running all over each other and our clothes all came flying off. With as worked up as he was making me, I knew that it would be tough for me to not fuck him right then and there. But I was set on my plan to beat his ex once and for all. I broke our kiss, and heard a bit of a whimper escape from his lips.

I began to slowly kiss my way down his muscular chest. By the time I got to his stomach he was breathing hard, knowing where I was going. He thought that he knew what I was about to do, but really he had no idea. One of the things that I love most about Steve is that he never would put pressure on me to do anything that I did not want to do. He never put his hands on my head and pushed it towards his cock. He always let me go at my own speed.

When I finally worked my way all the way down to his beautiful thick, throbbing cock, I could feel myself dripping wet with excitement for what I was about to do to Steve. I'd never been this hot over giving a blow job before. I planted a delicate kiss on the tip of his cock and then kissed along his veiny shaft. I gently fondled his balls with my hands before kissing their undersides. I could feel Steve's legs clench every time that my lips placed another kiss on him. 

I worked my way back up his shaft. With one hand I held his cock straight up, pointing at my waiting mouth. I looked him dead in the eye as I stroked his cock, making a large drop of fluid come pouring out of him. He moaned with delight as I flicked my tongue out across his slit; tasting his sweetness. He gasped though when, still looking right at him, I opened my lips and slid his cock into my mouth. I only went an inch or two down before licking and sucking my way back up. I kept repeating this step, going a bit further each time. 

By the time that I had gotten most of him into my mouth, we was squirming around on the bed like crazy and kept saying my name..."Oh Michelle...I can't believe how amazing you are making me feel...Michelle you are so fucking good at blowing me."

His pleasure was making me even wetter and I felt like I was again in danger of changing my plans. To calm things down a bit, I could tell that if I'd kept it up, he'd of cum in a matter of moments which is not what I wanted. I let him slip out of my mouth. I once again teasingly kissed and licked up and down the length of his shaft. I kept going up and down the sides as I could tell my teasing was driving him crazy. 

Just when he thought that I was once again headed back down his shaft, I surprised him by swirling my tongue around the head of his cock and then diving down on his full length. I furiously bobbed up and down on him before slowing this down again. I relaxed as best I could, took in a deep breath and allowed his thick cock to slip all the way into my throat. I'd tried deep throating him before, but his thickness always caused me to choke. This time, either because I was so excited or so relaxed. I took every inch of him with no problem. My nose was all the way at his base, being tickled by his neatly trimmed hairs. Once I knew that I was okay, I began to slowly move up and down on him again; keeping his cock deep in my throat the entire time. This got a bit harder as Steve's cock seemed to get even thicker and he squirmed around on the bed even more, but I managed to never let his cock leave the depth of my throat.

After a few minutes of this action, I began to again fondle his balls which only made him feel even better. The pace of his saying "oh baby" and "just like that Michelle" began to increase.

From my times giving him hand jobs and having sex with him, I knew what this meant. And he knew that I knew what it meant. I could feel his body tensing even more as I continued to suck on his beautiful cock. 

He said "You're so good that you're going to make me cum." 

But I kept blowing him. I could taste the precum pouring out of his cock now. 

He again said "baby, you're going to make me cum." Yet, to his shock, I kept going. 

Finally he all but shouted "Michelle, if you keep blowing me like that, you're going to make me cum." 

I finally let his cock slip out of my mouth. I looked him right in the eye and only said "I know". 

I then took his cock back into my mouth and began to go faster up and down on him. I looked back at his disbelieving face. I could tell that he was still holding back thinking that there is no way that I wanted him to finish in my mouth. He could only last so long against how I was making him feel. Finally he moaned loudly as his body won out and relaxed his muscles. I could feel him throb as his cum came racing up his cock and into my waiting mouth. I kept bobbing as deeply as I dared as spurt after spurt came shooting out of his cock. It seemed like it would never stop. There was so much cum that between his cock and all the cum, I was quickly running out of room. He finally stopped throbbing and I slowly slid up and off of his cock. When he was out, I could see him looking at me in awe as I swallowed every last drop of cum that he had produced. When I did that, I bent down and licked his still hard cock clean before giving him a loving kiss on the lips. He made me laugh because he did not kiss me back. His mouth just hung there open. It was not because he didn't love me; it was because he was still in shock at what I did to him. 

Afterwards we cuddled in bed and fell asleep together. It took a little bit, he said that I sucked every bit of his life force out of him, but we made passionate love later that night. If his orgasm from the blowjob was as good as mine was that night, then he was one lucky man. 

It took the better part of a year, but I finally realized that I wasn't in competition with his ex. Steve left her for a reason and he chose me for a reason. I'm just happy that I ended up with the greatest prize of them all...Steve. 

But in that dark recess of my mind that I never tell anyone about, I know. I know that no matter how many times she came while he fucked her in the ass, my blowjobs will always beat her ass. 

A year after that first blowjob we were married and fifteen years after that, we are still wild about each other. Sucking cock has never been one of my favorite things to do, but I know what it does for him. Through practice I've gotten really good at deep throating him; even moving quite vigorously with his cock down my throat. Recently I even figured out how you let him cum while still in my throat. Interestingly enough, it is a bit better for me that way because it just shoots down my throat and avoids my taste buds. No sticky mouth afterwards. 

Now I surprise him every once and awhile. He says that I'm trying to kill him by surprising him and with my cock sucking talents. Steve says though that if that is how he is meant to go, then he is okay with it.