 I met Angie when I was 15. She, her husband and young son moved into the house next door to my parents.

She was gorgeous. Slim and blonde, a little shorter than I was at the time, and with a smile to die for. A teenager's dream. My crush quickly developed.

My secret adoration continued, but about three years after they had moved into the house, things began to go wrong for Angie and her husband. They separated and eventually divorced.

This was, of course, music to the ears of the horny 18-year old I had become. Despite my best efforts, my cherry remained frustratingly intact. Girls and I got on alright, but none of them seemed to want to get hot and sweaty with me.

Angie had now become the ultimate teenage object of desire. A beautiful and sexy divorcee living right next door. As you might expect, my hormone-addled brain convinced me that I might have a chance with her if she saw me around enough. So I became a regular visitor. Helping her out with her garden and car, moving furniture around the house, and babysitting her son when she decided she wanted to go out with her girlfriends.

This continued for a couple of months. I was confident I was making progress. The signs were there. A kiss on the cheek here, a pat on the bum there. My mind magnified each of these events into fuel for my frequent solo fantasy sessions under the bedclothes.

Then, one evening after she had gone out with her friends, my youthful hopes and dreams were shattered. I heard her key in the door and turned to smile at her. Only to see two people coming through the door. Angie and a man. He was tall, he was well-dressed, he had parked his flash Jaguar on the driveway. I couldn't compete, and even my lust-filled teenage senses could see it. I smiled and shook his hand. Then I left, trudging the short distance to our house, feeling utterly dejected. The Jaguar was still on the driveway the next morning.

I continued to help her out. Still clinging to my faint hopes, I baby-sat a couple more times over the next week or two.

Before she went out she would always say that I should help myself to anything I wanted if I was hungry. This particular evening I was grabbing myself some biscuits, which were kept on top of a cupboard in the kitchen, when my fingers brushed something hard and plastic. Further investigation revealed it to be a video cassette.

Intrigued, I popped the tape into the machine. The picture came on in a fuzz of static. I pressed the remote to fast-forward the picture, and after a few seconds it resolved into a bedroom. A few seconds after that I realised that it was Angie's bedroom.

Then my heart threatened to burst through my chest as Angie, the love of my young life, the woman I had spent all those evenings masturbating over, walked into the shot completely, utterly, totally, stark naked.

I sat transfixed as she lay on the bed and idly ran her hand between her thighs. I realized that my jeans were now painfully tight around my crotch, so I opened them and began to wank my cock, all without removing my eyes from the screen.

I don't know how long I watched for as she was joined on the bed by her boyfriend. She sucked him, he spread her wide open right in front of the camera and licked and fingered her and finally he pushed her legs back and thrust his cock inside her. My eyes wouldn't leave the screen.

Suddenly I was jerked back to reality. A car had pulled up outside. I peeked between the closed curtains. It was a taxi, and Angie was getting out. It was much earlier than I had expected her to be back. I stuffed my erection back into my pants, hurriedly ejected the tape and flung it back atop the cupboard hoping that it wouldn't be noticed that it was no longer at the beginning.

I had just managed to sit back down when she came through the door. I could see straight away that she had been crying. Her eyes were red and a little mascara had run on to her cheeks.

I went over to her and asked what was wrong. She told me that she had had a blazing row with her boyfriend and left him in the club they had been at. She was slurring slightly, so I knew that she had had one or two drinks.

She hugged me and began to cry again. I held on to her. As close as she was to me, she couldn't help but notice my erection, still painfully hard from watching her on video, now pressed into her belly.

After a couple of minutes, she seemed to calm down. She looked up at me, "What's this?" she asked, rubbing her stomach against my dick, leaving me no doubt about what she was referring to.

"I-I'm sorry..." I stammered.

She was there in my arms. Her perfume filling my nostrils. The movement of her body against me arousing me even further. I couldn't hold back, it all came out in a rush. " I love you Angie. I have since the day I first saw you. I wish...I mean, I want..."


She smiled and placed a finger over my lips. "I've seen you watching me from time to time. I didn't realise you felt so strongly though."

Then she kissed me. Not the short peck on the cheek she had been giving me for helping her out. She *kissed* me. Her mouth opened and her tongue thrust into mine. My own tongue reached out into her mouth on instinct alone.

She moved her hand and cupped my crotch. I felt as if an electric current had been passed through my body, and must have noticably shuddered, because she said, "I think you'd better sit down, before you fall down," and pushed me into the chair I had been sitting in.

She kneeled before me and rubbed both hands over the strained fabric at my crotch, before beginning to undo my jeans. She peeled them away and fished my cock out of my underpants. It stood stiff and twitching before her. She kissed it lightly on the tip, then enveloped it in her warm mouth. 

I didn't shudder then. My whole body jerked upwards. She held still for a moment while I settled, then began to move her head. 

I wish I could describe exactly what she was doing, but, in truth, I just don't remember. All I know is that I was in heaven. The woman of my dreams was sucking on my dick, and it felt better than I had ever imagined it would.

My already over-stimulated state, coupled with my sexual inexperience, meant that very quickly my body was spasming again as I came into her mouth. It felt as if the world was coming to an end in a torrent of ecstasy as my hips jerked again and again, pumping my load into her mouth. Although I didn't think of it at the time, she must have swallowed the lot, because I certainly never saw it again.

I rode the waves of pleasure until she sat back on her haunches. "Did you like that?" she smiled up at me.

I was still incoherent with the sensations echoing through my groin. "Wha..? Oh ye..amazing!"

Angie got to her feet and pulled her top over her head. All my attention suddenly focused on her. She had no bra on, she didn't need one. Her small breasts were perfectly shaped. Each had a dark nipple that seemed as erect as I had been a few moments ago.


Then she discarded her short skirt, and as she made to remove her panties, I noticed a damp patch in the crotch.

She clambered astride me and pulled my head into her breasts. She guided my mouth to one turgid nipple. "Suck it for me," she urged.

I took it into my mouth and sucked hard. The wail that escaped her lips was amazing, and spurred me on to find the other nipple and give it similar treatment. I began to experiment, flicking and circling them with my tongue. Angie began to slide her wetness up and down my cock, which rapidly became as hard again as it had earlier.

A gasp left her lips as I caught a nipple with my teeth, and she sat back a little. Her hand wrapped around my shaft and squeezed. "Have you had any girlfriends?" she asked.

"Yeah. A couple." I answered.

"Have you done it with any of them?"

My first instinct was to lie and talk myself up a bit, but I found myself telling the truth, "No."

"Would you like to do it with me?" Her voice trailed away as she asked.

I didn't know how to answer and must have stared blankly because she squeezed again. "Would you?"

"I want to...," I whispered.

"I can't hear you."

I swallowed and repeated in a slightly louder voice, "I want to make love to you, Angie."

She smiled again and looked into my eyes. It felt as if she was looking directly into my soul. Then she kissed me. The kiss she had given me when she had arrived home was incredible. In my life since then I have experienced some pretty incredible kisses, but that kiss, that one moment when our mouths were joined will live forever in my memory. It was beyond lust, beyond even sex. It was, quite simply, the most amazing experience of my life.

As she broke the kiss, Angie shifted her hips slightly, and I felt my cock slide into her. After the kiss it seemed almost anti-climactic, but the moan that escaped her lips as it slid all the way in reignited my desire to fuck her.

She began to move on me. Her cunt gripped me as it slid up and down my shaft. Her hands were on my shoulders, her eyes were closed. 

I found her delicious breasts in front of my face again, and busied my tongue with her sensitive nipples. My hands wandered up and down her back, eventually settling on her bottom, a cheek in each hand. As she rode me I sucked greedily on her tits and kneaded her arse.

Her moaning began to rise and I felt her muscles grip and squeeze me as she came. Her mouth once again locked with mine as she shuddered and ground her hips against me.

Her breathing slowed a little. A smile lit her face as she leaned back and dragged me down with her backwards onto the carpet. I was now lying on top of her, still deeply embedded inside. Now the onus was on me to fuck her. I started to pump my cock into her pussy. Her legs wrapped around my waist. Our tongues wrestled as I thrust into her.

"Oh yes! Fuck me!" she gasped. "Make me come again!"

At her words, I began to pump even harder. Slamming my dick into her for all I was worth. There was nothing very subtle about my technique, but she seemed to love it all the same. Her breathing started to shorten again.

"Oh! Fuck it! Yes! Give it to me...!" she cried.

Her orgasm caused her pussy muscles to squeeze me again, which sent me over the top. I came so hard I thought I would turn inside out. It actually hurt. Pain had never felt so sweet. Angie's nails raked my back as her hips bucked upwards.

We lay there for a minute or two. Me still inside her. Then she kissed me again, but this time it was much more like the familiar, friendly kisses she usually gave me. I rolled off and lay beside her.

She lay on her side and faced me, with a strange look in her eye.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"No..yes," she said, "I loved that, but it can't happen again. It's not right."

I almost protested. I almost pleaded with her that I loved her. I did love her, I had no doubts, but at the same time I realised that she could never be mine. I loved her, but she didn't love me. I was just a boy who happened to be here at the right time and place for her. It made me happy that I could be even that much for her.

I smiled at her, and she looked surprised, "Why the smile?" she asked.

"I have just lived out a fantasy I have had for ages. I think I'm entitled to smile." I said.

"Was it as good as your fantasy?"

"It was better than I'd ever imagined it."

Now she smiled and, for the last time, she kissed me like she had in my dreams.