 (c) Alex Carr 2010

Kim was older than I thought. 

When I first met her I never for a moment imagined that such a casual conversation in passing could ever result in a tumultuous affair

There was I busily doing my Autumn did in my allotment when Kim approached me with a cup of hot soup "to warm the cockles of your heart" she said.

"That's very nice of you, where on earth did you get that from?"

"My name's Kim by the way, I work the allotment down there," she said pointing - "and I know your name is Alex because you are the writer aren't you? And how did I manage the hot cuppa soup- on such a bloody freezing day? Well I have a small oil stove in my allotment shed. Simple!"

I was glad to take the cup from her and said she had my name right and I was pleased to meet her - and it sort of progressed from there.

Small talk led to big talk and it wasn't long before we were having a warm up in her allotment shed (her oil stove)

"Well it's enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey isn't it?" she chuckled. "You've written several books haven't you?"

"Yes I have, enjoy writing about real life things though"

"I've noticed, I simply adore your erotic tales, Alex" she said with a sparkle in her eyes and I am positive her cheeks were flushed red - or was it just the cold, it had been like it for a week and to try and dig was almost an impossible task, it was like rock!

"Can't do much today, think I will call it a day and come back when it's thawed, Alex. What say you?"

"I guess you are right, I returned - no point in struggling, much better to be in front of a roaring fire and relax."

"Like mine" she quickly put in.

"That an invite?" I asked.

"Sure thing," she returned with a really interesting expression which swayed my thinking of her as just another allotment pal to more like a woman I could be intimate with.

What was I thinking? This woman must have been a good thirty years older than me and yet, like one or two of the characters inn my 'stories, I was beginning to find her attractive. But what about her, I primarily took her invite to be just a friendly gesture, nothing more, nothing less - and yet, having said that, there was a moment when, huddled together in her shed attempting to keep warm - and there being not much room for us both on the narrow bench, that her charisma seemed to warm to me in a way which sort of suggested that maybe she'd like to know me on a more intimate basis - but realised being older than me, it was a fantasy of sorts.

I wonder? Anyway we both made for her place opposite the allotment, I never realised she lived so close to me, just down the road in fact, it is odd these days that, maybe because most of us use a car, we rarely get to know our neighbours other than the ones next to you.

Anyway to cut a long story short because there is not much point I guess in passing on to you, the reader, all the cackle.. Suffice to say that I discovered she had thrice been widowed, two of her Husband's having die of the big 'C' and the remaining, well he knocking her about a bit so she gave him order to vamoose! ( I liked that, here was a woman with spirit and besides, I just cannot abide blokes who abuse women - unless of course they want to be abused Ina loving sexual way)

And me? Well I told her I had a couple of 'near misses' in as much as I discovered they both cheated on me, and being a possessive sort of guy, I could not put up with that so I dumped them.

"So Kim, both our lives have not been exactly forthcoming by way of happy romances, Huh?"

I realised I had lit the fuse and was in for a relish of her joyful times with her first two guys, how she missed them, how she often thought of them, and how it would be to find another who could give her the company and love she so desired.

Of course she was lonely for one and me, being a guy, thinking maybe she was lustful for another.

I decided if it was top happen I would not hold back in any way, shape or form. That it is not age that matters, it is what the person is and how that person is to you. At first, yes - I thought of Kim like one would think of a mother but, listening to her, the type of person she was enchanted me, she was a real nice person with loads of love to give and me? Well of course I had some that had been hidden away for so long, almost not daring tom let it escape should I let it involve me in yet another unwanted relationship like the two I had already had.

But Kim seemed different and I was ready to release my most inner thoughts and maybe more, depending on how things went.

But our relationship was warming some, but I didn't want to spoil it by suggesting anything too involved, although I wanted too, believe me. She maybe more mature but I began to think of her as a real time lover, there was that something that really energised that deep almost stagnant lust inside me which was waiting how to sprout out like a new bud in spring, to open out and display it's full glory and then I knew I was well on the way to another love relationship.

If ever I wanted to stop it there was no chance, love is so usual, so complicated to understand what sparks it off, what exactly it is, whether a mixture of lust and love, fantasy or sheer eroticism, I had written enough about that to know just how strong it can be, how it can really turn you on, in my case so intense I often need tom pause between paragraphs - to let the steam in my body, the thrill that has aroused my very being, free in order I can continue.

But now it was happening for real, it wasn't a fictitious fantasy -it was real time and I think Kim was fully aware of that and the consequences when she asked me how I cope without a mate.

I thought carefully before I replied and simply said; "I don't. I have to keep myself busy to keep myself sane, that I was just your normal full blooded guy who needed gratification and, well yes, love of you like!"

At which point, Kim who had been sitting on a chair opposite came and joined me on the settee, so close I could smell her nectar, something I had not noticed of her in the allotment shed, had she put it on 'specially for me when earlier she went to the bathroom?

"I like your scent" I said and she told me it was something she'd got from Avon and she was glad I liked it and hoped it wasn't too strong, because she hated women who swamped themselves in it so much that you could smell them after they had passed you by and were yards away!

"I know what you mean, perhaps some need more than others? I suggested.

She just smiled, a warm smile which made me feel good.

"I am so glad I got to chatting you up at last, "she admitted.

"Really?" I replied surprised.

"Well I have been trying for ages, like yelling good morning when you pass by me in the allotment, trying to give you an opportunity to responded, but when your response was shallow I guessed you weren't interested in chatting to someone of my age. You do seem to be slow on the uptake, Alex!"

All the time I was gaining confidence, spirited by what she had said, I realised just how much I needed a woman to love and to cherish and ...well need I say?"

"You can tell me?" Kim chirped like she had read my thoughts. "You are the deep one, like I can almost feel your stirrings inside, Alex."

"Do they show?" I replied with a question.

She smiled again, closing to me up tight then, and I felt the sheer warmth of her hand as she rested it on mine which was firmly planted on my right thigh, then she squeezed it gently, whispering that she adored me and could she be bold and suggest we went up to the bedroom.

I instantly offered my kiss to her warm lips as a positive reply and next thing she was guiding me, with her hand firmly clasping mine, to her wonderfully warmly decorated bedroom with a very inviting four poster bed.

"This is all new, Alex, the bed too, has always fancied myself sleeping in a four poster and just to make love in it would be even better, provided the partner was right, and Alex, I would like you to be that partner - would you like?"

Maybe I flushed somewhat, who would have thought such a proposal would have come out of the blue, not as though I was minding - because the notion had by then gushed through my mind (and my body) several times already and that was even before the suggestion about the bedroom.

"You're not shy, are you?" She asked obviously picking up my body language - "because you don't have to be, am I correct in thinking it is something we both want?"

"You will just have to give me some time, Kim that's all, I am terribly put of practice."

"That makes two of us so don't you think we ought to do something about it before we are both too old to enjoy anymore?"

"In can't ever imagine thata happening, "I said confidently, " especially with you around."

"I like compliments, Alex, flattery will get you everywhere."

"Everywhere?" I said.

"Absolutely everywhere," she replied and there she was removing her turquoise blouse displaying a bountiful bosom underneath, then she went to unfasten her tight black skirt which, for a woman of her age, really complimented her well defined curves in the right place

"Don't" I said.

"Don't what Alex?"

"Please don't remove your skirt, not yet anyway, I would like to do that in good time"

She nodded in a way which said she understood. The one thing I absolutely love is to explore a woman in her skirt, for me the perfect start to satisfying foreplay.

Instinctively, we both sat on the edge of the bed and my lips were soon pressed tight to hers, her treat to a wonderfully passionate French kiss really set the ball rolling and I thrilled with my fingers running up, under her skirt, the inside of her thigh and it was beautiful. We continued the frenzied kiss as I touched her there, feeling, touching with my finger tips, realising she wore a real nice silky feeling thong tied at the side, delicious.

I hear her moan, she parting her legs generously as my hand completely cupped her there, feeling th3e delicious outline of her womanhood and, as I teased her clitoris, feeling it become moist and hot.

Pausing the kiss for just a moment her eyes focussed on mine, full of lust and passion, she telling me how much she has craved for that for months on end, that I was a lovely guy.

Then she continued the kiss, deeper then, feeling her tongue play with mine as I felt the tough of her exploring hands find me, making me remember just how good it felt with a woman once more.

"I have so missed this, darling. You are simply beautiful, Let me see?"

With her help I slid down my jeans and went to do the same with my boxer shorts but she stopped me; "It is like you with the skirt thing," she whispered, "well I like for my guy to be wearing underwear - that way I can ..."

And I soon knew what she was about, she moving her head down there, massaging me firmly over my boxers and making me so big and wanting of her.

As she massaged me in different ways I explored her, removed her thong after rolling up her skirt to reveal those absolutely gorgeous legs, it had been so long, too bloody long since I had seen a woman and it was absolutely mind boggling, when she stopped kissing me I instinctively went down to her as she was with me, and soon we were both enjoying a so wonderfully stimulating oral exchange which seemed to last forever, I was completely in a world of my own enjoying and equally being enjoyed as we really went at it like hu8ngry animals.

"Talk dirty, Baby?" she whispered in her frenzy and it all seemed perfect, the shared stimulation of our senses and physical attributes combined with out mental stimulus which all made for the preparation for a real meaningful and satisfying bonding.

It was ease with Kim, she encouraged me not to be so reserved, just to let myself go, that is what she wanted so that is what she would get.

"I want to fuck the ass off you, want to push my throbbing cock up inside you until you yell for my cream, I want to taste and sniff your sex and lavish you ever more.

In my sexual stance that was easy to say and I hoped that would not be too much for her, but her response meant that she wanted more, she squeezed my erectio0n tightly and I felt her firm suck like she was eating me, her fingers simultaneously cupping my balls which, combined with her wonderful sexual sounds of lust were perfect to arouse the passion in me which cried out "Fuck, fuck, fuck" an she was yelling, yes yelling at me to do it now.

I was aching and throbbing like a veritable animal, so ready and wanting her fuck, in a flash we seemed to be completely naked, her thighs wide and welcoming, her legs spread over my back, her hands around my neck firmly enticing me to go for it deep and complete.

And when I went into her for the first tie, and she yelled telling me not to stop, It felt like I had fucked her a th9usand times and we were made for each other.

With the taste of her still in my mouth I felt her cum slightly before me, her hips bounced upwards like she was sucking in every inch of me and then I came so strong, the feeling of absolute ecstasy as we both continued to cum simultaneously. And then the calm afterwards the laying there both exhausted and completely at peace with the world, knowing our fuck had made for the perfect bonding of a relationship that would stay forever.

And thinking of how we first met in the allotment, it was better than growing vegetables!