 When Heather and Charles moved to the New Jersey suburbs in preparation to start a family, their sex life took a nose dive. Not only were there no longer any more nights out at a new bar or lounge that ended in drunken sex, they rarely had any sex at all. Both of them were working so many hours at their jobs while trying to save money, they usually came home at nine or ten o'clock at night, ordered delivery and then passed out in the middle of a movie before they woke up and did it all over again.

But one day, Heather needed to look something up online and Charles' laptop just happened to be sitting there. When she started to type in the name of the website she had planned on going to, her jaw nearly dropped when the browsing history on the computer revealed a hundred different porno sites. It wasn't even like there were one or two porno sites mixed in with all the regular sites that her husband visited. It was more like there were one or two regular sites mixed in with hundreds of different porno sites. Charles strolled out of the bathroom to see his wife at his computer.

"What the hell is this?" Heather asked him.

"What are you doing on my computer?" her husband responded, trying to deflect his guilt by answering a question with a question.

"You have a million porno sites on your computer. You have some kind of addiction or something?" she asked him incredulously.

"No, I don't have an addiction," he tried to explain. "I just use them for distraction when I need to take a break from work."

She moved her head forward toward him and held out her palms in reaction. "What? Do you take a break like every 30 seconds?"

"It's not like that," he said, trying to make it seem like it was totally normal. "It's just porn."

"Charles, we never even have sex anymore. I thought we were just both taking a break from sex but you obviously haven't stopped fucking your cyber sluts for one minute," she yelled at him before storming off to their bedroom and slamming the door.

"Heather! Heather!" he yelled to no avail. He just shook his head, knowing the hopeless position he was now in.

For the next week, he slept on the couch. She would glare at him at the breakfast table and eat dinner before she came home. He couldn't believe how she was reacting to this. Obviously, he didn't understand women and their need to feel desired, he figured.

It wasn't until the next week, after a full breakfast of total silence that Heather suddenly said something to him. "I want to make one," she said.

"Make one what?" he asked totally confused.

"A porno," she stated matter-of-factly.

"What? What do you mean?"

"I want to make a porno with the two of us," she told him. Charles did a double take, not sure she was serious until he looked at her for a second time and saw that look of conviction in her eyes.

"You're serious?" he confirmed. She nodded yes and he knew once she had her mind set on something, she didn't stop until she saw it through to the end. But the first thought in Charles' mind was that she was not the kind of woman you would see in a porno. Yes, they had a little kinky sex here and there, but this was his wife.

"You're just being immature," she argued after he shook his head. "You're just like all guys. You think a woman is either a virgin or a whore."

"What do you mean? I obviously know you're not a virgin," he exclaimed.

But she was determined. "I already bought a camera. We both have tomorrow off," she told him before picking up her plate and walking away from the kitchen table. He just sat there, turning his fork around and around.

The next day, he got out of the shower to discover his wife was already gone. She had left a note on the kitchen counter next to the new video camera saying she had gone to the mall to buy a "ho outfit." Charles couldn't help but laugh. He spent the morning lounging around the house, watching TV and waiting for his wife's phone call. Although the idea of videotaping his wife in a porno turned him on when he thought about it very briefly, he wasn't so sure about seeing her in some kind of full-on porn role. This is the future mother of his children, he told himself. And mothers just don't want to have sex the way porn actresses do, the voice inside his head told him.

He got the call from his wife late into the morning. She told him to meet her in on the main shopping strip in a neighboring town that was about 20 miles away. Apparently, she wanted to make sure that no one she knew saw her. With an uneasy feeling in his stomach about what to expect, he told her he would be right there.

Charles was driving slowly down the street on which Laura had told him to meet her, reading the address numbers until he came to the right one. He had arrived quicker than expected so he was taking his time looking around at the shops and the people on the street. He hated the fact that even though he was about to meet his wife, he couldn't help but check out the women all decked out in their weekend shopping outfits. He followed the various women, staring in particular at one woman with a pair of tight white pants and enormous heals.

"What kind of woman would wear clothes like that?" he started to ask himself. She turned around and saw that her eyes were layered in dark eye shadow and her lips painted a deep shade of dark red. Her hair was pulled back in one of those cheap plastic hair things. She looked like some dirty Italian slut you would find in a ghetto mall, he surmised. "I'd like to make a porno with her," he said out loud to himself before his phone rang. It was his wife calling.

"Hey, I'm here," he told her.

"I know. I see you," Laura responded.

Charles looked around to try and spot his wife, peering up and down the sidewalk. "Where you at? I don't see you," he told her.

"I'm right in front you, stupid," she told him.

He kept looking around but he didn't see his wife anywhere. He went from woman to woman but none of them were his wife. Oh no, he thought. This little tramp that he was checking out was walking toward his car. The last thing he needed was his wife catching him chatting with some random slut. He jerked his head around to frantically find his wife but he thought he might just have been in the wrong place after all. And now this woman was standing right outside his window.

"I can't see you anywhere honey, but just for the record, there is some slutty girl next to my car door who I never even looked at, I swear."

"Charles, I saw you look at her."

"I didn't, I swear. Ok, maybe for a second, but that's it," he confessed.

Then there was a knock on the window of his car. He looked up.

"Roll the window down, stupid. I'm the slutty girl," his wife told him.

He froze in shock when he looked into her eyes. He could hardly recognize her. She really did look like one of those mall whores. He rolled down the window to talk to her.

"What do you think?" she asked him, turning to each side to show off her new get-up. All her husband could do was shake his head. But before he even said anything, his wife was ready to go. 

"Come on. Get the camera and let's go. You can follow me like they do with the porno girls," she told him with a flirtatious smile on her face. Then she reached into her purse, took out a key and tossed it on her husband's lap. "It's for a room down at that hotel at the end of the block."

Charles was still in a state of disbelief as to how much his wife had gotten into this. He took the hotel key and the camera, and then got out of the car. His wife was already strolling down the shopping boulevard. He didn't really want to be seen videotaping his slutty looking wife in public so he took his jacket and wrapped it around the camera to hide it.

"Here we go," he said aloud to himself.

He got about 10 feet behind his wife with the camera hidden underneath his arm and wrapped snuggly in the jacket. As he got the hang of walking and holding the camera steady, he was able to enjoy the video streaming into the viewfinder. This wasn't such a bad idea, he thought. Looking at his wife in the video was like looking at another woman, especially with how she was dressed. Her white pants were so thin and tight, it was like she was hardly even wearing anything. And from what he could tell, he didn't think she was even wearing any panties. The material clung to every curve and crevasse of her body. Every guy that passed would turn to get a look.

Charles followed her for a while, sometimes from far away and sometimes from up close. He wanted to make sure to get some good footage for when he would watch this later. At the end of the block, his wife turned the corner, moving out of sight of the camera. He quickly followed her path, racing around the corner only to find her standing there looking at him.

"Are you videotaping me?" she asked him defiantly.

He couldn't help but smile at her. "Well, yes, I am. I couldn't help it with that sexy little outfit you have on," he told her.

"Oh really? Do you have permission to do that?" she asked him calmly.

"Well, do I?"

"That depends. How much are you going to pay me?" his wife asked. Charles couldn't believe how well Heather inhabited her new role.

"I don't know. Say five hundred for a session," he suggested.

"Five hundred? And for what?"

"For what? Well, I don't know. I like a really nasty girl," he told her. He was still videotaping the whole thing.

"A nasty girl? Hmmm...well a nasty girl will cost you one thousand."

"A thousand?" He pretended to search his pockets. "Ok, I can do that."

"Isn't that a wedding ring you have on?" his wife asked him.

He looked down at his ring. "Yes, it is. But my wife doesn't need to know about this. She's kind of a priss and I like real nasty girls in my pornos."

"Nasty, huh?" his wife asked. "I am as nasty as they come," she boasted in a kinky voice.

"Oh, are you?"

His wife just nodded slowly and licked her lips. Then all of a sudden, she reached down and lifted up her pink shirt to reveal her bare breasts. Charles whipped his head around to see if there was anyone behind him, but there wasn't. They were around the corner next to a brick wall but someone could stroll up at any second. He looked back down at the video camera screen to stare at his wife's naked breasts.

"Do you like to titty fuck?" she asked him.

He couldn't believe his wife was speaking like this. He nodded up and down as he lifted the camera to her face. She repeated the question again, and then grabbed a hold of her breasts with her hands. 

"Why don't you take me somewhere and titty fuck me?"

Charles was so incredibly turned on. He was going to have so much fun watching this later. His wife pulled her shirt back down and walked past him. He followed her again with the camera as she crossed the street toward the hotel. She looked back at him, just before she entered the front door and silently mouthed a few words to him. He followed the movements on her lips. "Come fuck me," they said, before she disappeared into the hotel.

Charles quickly checked into the small hotel and got the room card. When they got into the elevator, he started videotaping again. His wife was playing with her nipples through her shirt to make them hard and poke through the fabric. Then she slid her other hand in between her legs.

"This pussy needs it bad," she whispered to him loudly.

He was having a tough time keeping the camera steady. He wanted to just drop it and grab her right there. The elevator came to a stop and his wife strutted out. Charles followed her as she walked down the hall, parading her taut haunches from side to side until she came to the right door.

They made it into the room and the door closed behind them. Heather turned around and stared at him, letting her husband probe the full length of her body with the video camera. Then she walked back toward him, gave him a slow naughty glance and got on her knees without taking her eyes off him and the camera.

"Did you know I love sucking cock?"

A grin spread across her husband's face. "No, I didn't know that," he said. He watched as she undid his brown belt buckle, unsnapped his pants, zipped them down and then pulled them to his ankles. His dick was poking erectly against the front of his light blue boxers. When she pulled them down to his ankles, his cock flipped up straight toward her. She was really so turned on by how much she was turning him on. She looked down at his cock and wrapped her hand around its base. She looked up at him once more and then down back at his erect cock.

Charles saw her pinch her lips together but couldn't believe what she did after that. He watched as his sweet little wifey got a small glob of saliva in her mouth and spit it on his cock. It was the dirtiest thing she could have done. The saliva flew onto his cock and his groin. Then she did it again.

"Give me some of that cock," she told him, wrapping her whole hand around his dick and rubbing it up and down the shaft to get it wet. When she looked up at him, she had that look of the angry nympho he had seen in pornos. She spit on his cock again and stroked it wet. "Give me some of the cock," she repeated.

Charles was so turned on. This was definitely a good idea, he told himself.

His wife pursed her lips around the head of his cock and started to suck him vigorously. She had never even come close to doing it like she was doing it. She had just gone straight down on him, sucking and stroking him furiously. He was really getting into it. He still couldn't get over how much she had gotten done up so as to look like another woman.

He held the camera in one hand and put his other hand on the back of her head. He pushed his cock deeply into her mouth. He knew his wife couldn't deep-throat him so he wanted to see if this new woman could. As he inched it in, he could see her struggle to take it all the way in. She started to gag a bit, but she suppressed the gag as much as she could and kept trying to take it in deeper. He could see her eyes watering a little.

"That's right. Suck that cock down," he told her. He had never said anything like that to her and she knew it. She tried to relax her gag reflexes and made a final attempt. When his cock was as deep as it would, he held her head for a bit and let her gag on it. He let her off of it and she wiped the saliva that streamed out of her mouth. He thought she was going to need a rest as she normally got overwhelmed by such things. She looked up at him, though, and then gave a few hard strokes of his dick before she started sucking him furiously once more. She spit on it again.

"Are you going to fuck these tits?" she asked him. His wife leaned back on her feet and pulled her shirt off. She looked up at him as she squeezed her breasts tightly together. She let saliva drip from her mouth down to her breasts and then rubbed it all over between the mounds. She did it a few more times until her whole chest was glistening with wetness. Charles quickly kicked off his shoes and pants. Then he took the rest of his clothes off and threw them on the floor. He picked the camera back up and squatted on top of his wife, looking at her through the viewfinder.

"Let this little porno girl squeeze her tits together for you," she told him.

He watched as she got a good grip on the sides of each of her breasts and pushed them tightly together. He pushed his cock through her wet mounds. She had pushed them so snuggly together that he had to force his cock through the two of them. They were so wet it was like he was putting his cock inside of her. He straddled her body and pushed himself through her saliva-soaked breasts over and over. Heather could see how much her husband was enjoying it. She was going to show those little porno sluts who was in charge, she told herself.

Charles was enjoying every moment of this. He can't remember if he had ever titty fucked his wife. He pushed his cock all the way through until it touched the tip of her chin. She lifted up her head and stuck out her tongue to try to touch it. He made it just out of reach so she had to stretch her tongue further out. He eased it just forward so when her tongue had fully extended, the tip of it just touched the tip of his cock. He played with her, making her keep her head up and tongue out so she was struggling with all her ability to get a lick of his cock.

He finally rolled off of her and sat next to her to videotape her some more. Heather turned to her side and looked at Charles. She gave him shy, flirtatious glances as she ran her hand over her lips, then down her body and between her legs. She moved her fingers over her thin white pants, gliding them over her covered mound before she pressed her finger along the slit of her cunt. She inched her hand underneath the waist line of her pants. Charles watched as it disappeared between her legs.

She closed her eyes and started to touch herself. He zoomed in the video camera to watch the subtle expressions of pleasure in her face. He could hear her breath move in and out of her with a little more vocal strength. He used the camera to follow her arm down the length of her body until it disappeared beneath her pants and then back up to her face. Her eyes opened up and she stared into the lens before she started to say something.

"I want to fuck you so bad," she said to him. "I want to get so nasty. So, so nasty," she said.

Her husband smiled.

"Can I squat on your cock?" she asked. He was starting to think that his wife had been practicing this for years. He nodded his head up and down. She moved her hands down to the waist of her pants and wrapped them around both sides. He followed her with the camera as she peeled off her pants slowly, inch by inch until the last bit of clothing was pushed off her toes.

Heather rolled over onto her hands and knees, and then stood up. Charles rolled onto his back as Heather placed her feet on each side of his body. She never stopped looking at him as she slowly squatted down over his erect cock. She took a hold of it with her hand so she could position it at the entrance to her pussy. She kept both of her feel flat on the hotel room floor as she gradually descended on his cock, feeling the full length of it push open the constricted hole. After a few deep breaths, she felt the back of her thighs touch her husband's thighs.

She looked down at her husband and the camera that he was holding as she started to bounce up and down in the full squat position she had placed herself. She really had seen it in a porno and had never tried it before. It took her a bit to get use to the rhythm but she soon found the technique of relaxing her leg muscles and squatting up and down on his erect cock. Her husband was really enjoying it. She could tell he had to focus on trying to keep the camera still. She placed the palms on her hands on his bare chest and really started to bounce up and down.

"Oh yeah," she said. "This nasty pussy wants to get pumped."

Heather was driving her husband crazy. He was already breathing deeply and trying to control his orgasm. She pushed herself all the way down onto his body and squeezed his cock with all her might. Her husband suddenly dropped the camera off to the side and grabbed her. He pulled her off of him and flipped her onto her back. He was horny as can be and just spread her legs as fast as he could. She felt his cock push into her and fill her up. She reached over and picked up the camera.

She now saw what he was seeing. She zoomed into his strained face as he focused on thrusting himself into her. She moved the camera down his body and onto his cock. It was a view she had never seen before. She could watch a close up of his stiff, wet cock moving in and out of her. She loved feeling him uncontrollably desiring her and at the same time being that dirty porno girl he was always watching. He pushed her legs up toward her head and his thrusts started to get more intense. She moved the camera around her leg so she could watch his cock going into her. Seeing his wet, pulsating prick in the viewfinder of the camera was like watching an animal have sex, she thought.
