 You walk into the bedroom and find me building a seat from pillows and blankets on the floor in front of the full length mirror. "What the heck ..." you begin to say, but my smile and the "shhhhhh" with my finger pressed over my lips silences you. I hope that the look I give you reveals the burning desire in my body. 

"Just ..." I pause, nervous, not positive you will follow my lead "just do what I want..." I say, my voice vibrating with the pounding of my heart which is so loud to me, it sounds like the drumbeats of a rock band. I see a little surprise on your face, but it's a good surprise and your smile, just a little crooked but with a conspiratorial note, crosses your face as you nod your acquiescence. 

You cross the room to where I am standing and in a low soft tone I command "take off your clothes." You knew this had to be first and slowly, teasingly, you begin to undress. Unbuttoning your shirt, you let it fall to the floor revealing your full breasts captured by your bra, waiting to be released. You move to your blue jeans next. You wiggle your hips as you push them down. You know that turns me on, and this time is no exception. The gather at your ankles and you step out of them, pushing to the side with your foot. 

You stand before me, your bra and panties all that is left covering your body. Your eyes capture mine and you look at me, a question, should you continue or do I want to do the honors. But I lick my lips and nod, at you, clearly indicating that you should continue. Your arms reach back and the bra ends its tension. Your breasts, so full and luscious are completely revealed as you shrug the bra to the floor. Your arms cross for a minute, hiding yourself. I know you are still self conscious about your body, "you are beautiful" I whisper "don't hide." Your arms move down to your hips and your thumbs hook the waistband of the simple blue cotton panties you are wearing. Again, you wiggle as you push them down your curves. My cock is hard, pushing at my slacks as I watch.

"I want to watch you." I announce, my voice slightly cracking. You look puzzled, and so I continue "I want to watch you masturbate." Your face flushes crimson and my cock throbs at my words. "I want you to sit here, in front of the mirror. I'll sit behind you. I want us both to watch." Your blush is now covering your upper torso and I can see your mind racing. You are unsure and excited all at the same time. I begin to disrobe as you watch. I drop my slacks first and my cock escapes the confines of my boxers, poking through the opening. My arousal affects you, entices you. As I finish removing my clothes, you step into the area I have prepared. 

We sit, facing the mirror, your body, and mine behind you, completely revealed. My legs spread wide and you sit between them, your back nestled against my stomach. My cock presses into the small of your back as you lean back against me. My arms wrap down along side your body, my hands gently rest at the crease where your legs meet your hips. Not quite hugging you, but almost.

Slowly your legs spread. Your knees bend and finally come to rest on top of my thighs. In the mirror I can see your body spread out. My gaze drifts from your pussy to your chest and finally I look deep into your eyes through the mirror. Your face is still slightly flushed. Being exposed to me has you unnerved and excited. 

Holding my gaze to your eyes, I lean my head forward and whisper, my voice a low growl "touch yourself for me." Again I see the flash of excitement and embarrassment cross your face as your blush expands again. I can feel your heartbeat, like mine, pounding in your chest. Although a little hesitantly, your fingers begin to caress your body. First fluttering along the tops of your breasts as you let your head rest lightly against my shoulder. I can see you close your eyes.

Slowly you stroke your chest. Fingers lingering and lightly caressing. First across the top and down the sides, then dancing back up along the soft inside. Not quite daring to touch your nipples yet, but with each pass, getting closer. I can feel you begin to relax. Your eyes closed and your head resting heavily against my broad shoulder. 

We both gasp slightly as your fingers finally strum across your now erect nipples. Your large nipples have always fascinated me, and watching you stroke them sends tingles through my sex. I almost break my self-imposed rule to join you, but I want to watch. Gently you pinch them, and then your head moves and you look down, watching yourself as your pinch tightens and you tug and pull at each one. My low moan almost surprises you and I see a bit of sly smile cross your lips. You know I am transfixed and amazed and you want to provide me with a show.

You pause for a moment, and wet your fingertips in your mouth. Wet with saliva, they return to your dark areolas and slide in circles, teasing at the edge of your tender nipples. After another moment, your hands begin to slide down your body and I tense with arousal anticipating the coming show.

Your fingers slide down on each side of your swelling slit. You touch and caress around your lips, not quite yet venturing to your opening, just teasing. I am transfixed by watching you. I hardly notice that you are watching me in the mirror too. You catch my eye, your face showing me that my attention and arousal excites, but scares you. I moan softly in your ear "you are so sexy, I love watching you." Your eyes glaze over with my words and you slide a finger deep into your slit.

I watch as you tease yourself. Your finger dips deep into your tunnel and then slowly slides out and up until your find your clit. A quick, light swirl of your nib and your finger thrusts back into your tunnel. I can feel your hips begin to gyrate, just slightly, as you slowly settle into a rhythm: In and out, sliding around, and then back in and out again. 

Your breath quickens with each stroke and again you let your head drop against my shoulders. Your left hand has been idly caressing your body. Teasing your nipples, stroking your inner thighs, even venturing to my leg. But now, you bring it down to join your right hand. You slide a finger deep inside you as the middle finger of your right hand begins to focus on your clit. The double attention of your hands soon has you gasping and moaning "god, god." 

Although watching every stroke of your pussy was my goal, I am drawn to the expression on your face. Your eyes closed as your mind takes you to what fantasy I cannot tell. Your mouth, opening just slightly as your tongue darts to lick your lips. The flush of your cheeks as your arousal reaches a point of no return. I glace as your ministrations and see that you have two fingers buried inside, furiously fondling your g-spot. One finger rapidly circles your clit, and I feel your body, still wrapped in my arms and legs, begin to shake. The explosion is everything I had hoped for. Your face screws up in that beautiful, goofy, sensuous orgasm face. A face lost in the sensations of your own body, overwhelmed by the powerful waves coursing through your flesh. I whisper-moan into your ear "yes, baby, you are so sexy when you cum." 

Your fingers slow and stop as your now hyper-sensitive pussy needs a break. I feel your body relax against mine, your head still thrown back against my shoulder. Your hands find my knees and you begin to stroke and caress my legs. Your breath still coming in quick pants, you turn and I can tell you are about to suggest something, but I have plans. "Shhhhhh" I whisper "relax for a moment."

You begin to speak, but I cover your lips with mine, and let my tongue pry into your mouth. After a moment, we break the kiss and I again entreat you "just let me decide, I know what I want." Even speaking these words makes my cock throb and you mewl slightly, acquiescing to my plan.

Gently sliding you forward, I reach under the blanket and remove the bottle of lube I have secreted there. You see it, and a nervous smile crosses your lips. Thinking you can read my mind, you move forward, assuming a position on all fours in front of the mirror, your ass is positioned not from me, and is inviting. While I admit that this idea has merit, I think I have a better plan. I take the opportunity and begin to gently stroke and caress your ass. I adore your round ass, how it curves into your broad hips. You whimper slightly as my finger glide softly across the sensitive skin of your tight back door. 

Squirting a generous amount of lube right on your little rose, I begin to work it into you. At first, with just the tip of pink, but slowly working up to my middle finger. I slide my finger deep into you. I can hear your gasp and see your face in the mirror as I sit behind you. My finger turns and swirls as I work the lube into your ass. I can feel your muscles tighten and relax as you adjust to the sensations. My cock throbs in anticipation of those muscles grasping my shaft.

When I feel that I have prepared you well, I apply a generous amount of lube to my shaft. I can see you watching my fist stroke the lube up and down and your face reveals your excitement and anticipation. I move my legs together, between yours and you look puzzled for a moment. My hands grasp your hips and I guide you back. Slowly, carefully we position you over my cock and line your ass up to receive me. You squat onto me. My head pokes at the tight hole. Your muscles resist my intrusion at first and the tight entrance is reluctant to admit me. But then I feel the satisfying "pop" of my penetration and you gasp as I begin to fill your ass with my thick, throbbing cock. Your weight now pulling you down my shaft, I am quickly - much more quickly than usual - buried deep inside you. You moan at the rapid taking of your back hole. 

Slowly you settle into position on my lap. Your weight being taken by my legs and my cock pushing deeper into you. You stretch your legs out along side mine and I can see the tense look on your face, you are still adjusting to my cock being deep inside your ass. My arms wrapping around you, I pull you against my chest. I growl softly in your ear "your ass feels so good." 

You respond with a mewl and relax more against me. We do not move or thrust. I can feel your muscles gripping me. You force them to relax, but they are not used to this intrusion and they fight to expel me from your bowels. The pulsing sensation is bringing my arousal to new levels. As you lean against me, my arms curl around you and find your breasts. I begin as you did, and caress your tits, grazing over your nipples. Your hands rest on your thighs, but soon they have joined me. I cup your tits in my hands so that my fingers can gently pinch your nipples. I tug and pull at them as I saw you do and your fingers join mine. I watch in the mirror as together we imitate your practiced hands. You turn and we kiss, our tongues dancing in swirls as your fingers tease at the nipples I pinch. 

I can feel your arousal beginning again, as your body hums with the attention. Your sphincter grips my shaft tighter as I pinch at your nipples. I am becoming more and more aroused, and wish that I could thrust against you, but I am - as I planned - pinned and unable to do so. The unfulfilled desire simply heightens my arousal and I moan against your neck. 

Soon our hands glide down over the soft skin of your sides and stomach. You spread your legs wider, which tightens the grip you have on my ass and I whimper and the need to thrust. I see a smile flash across your face, as you enjoy hearing me excited. My breath is coming in low pants. 

You guide my hands to your still wet pussy and I begin to caress you. The middle finger of my right hand slides along the folds of your lips, teasing at your hole. You gasp as my finger finds your still sensitive clit, and guide me to focus on your tunnel. I slide a finger inside you, while your hands stroke and pet your legs and breasts. I watch in the mirror as my finger slides deeper and deeper into you. "I can feel my cock pulsing" I inform you and your eyes widen. You almost push my hand away as you let your fingers take over your pussy. I feel them sliding in along my shaft, only thin membranes separate your fingers from my now highly sensitive cock. You begin to stroke my shaft. Your fingers twisting to pleasure us both. My hands caress the side of your breasts and explore your thighs and tease at the edge of your pussy. I can see in the mirror that we are both flush with arousal and I know I am getting close. The repressed desire to thrust is almost overwhelming. 

Suddenly, to me at least, your body begins to shudder again as your arousal has quickly reached a peak. Your tight ass grips me so tight and your fingers rub the length of my shaft. My hands grab your hips and I arch my back and growl "I'm filling your asss..." as I finally explode. My cock pulses against the tight muscles that grip it as I pump my cum into you. I can feel you shudder and you squeeze the cum out of me. 

In a moment, it is over and my body slumps against the pillows I have arranged. Your body also relaxes against me and my arms naturally embrace you. Watching in the mirror we kiss, and sigh, as our breathing slowly returns to normal. We both can feel the sensation of my cock softening. 

I break the silence and whisper "watching you is amazing." 

You giggle and our eyes meeting the mirror "better that porn?" 

The playful laugh and snicker make me grin. 

"Well, mostly" I wryly answer, with eyebrows raising in jest "there are a few things we haven't tried." 

You giggle, "well maybe you should show me." Your conspiratorial smile telling me that there won't be much left to try in a very short while.