 You pick me up from the hotel in a traditional London cab. As I get in I lean towards you and you gaze appreciatively down at my bursting cleavage. My long legs are clothed in the tightest of jeans making my tits look even bigger, my high heels making my legs look even longer. My jeans are so tight you can almost see the outline of my pussy.

"Where are we going?" I ask

"Shopping" you smile at me.

After a short drive where we both struggle to keep our hands off each other, we pull up outside an unmarked door. I get out first ensuring you get a long look at my arse. After you've paid the taxi driver, you knock on the door and it is open by a luscious brunette in a beautiful black fitted suit.

"Hi, come on in" she says and beckons us in.

Behind the door, she leads us through to a huge room warmly decorated in woods and velvet. In the middle of the room are plush sofas and chaise lounges. Around the edge are hangers with underwear and outfits, shelves full of toys, an amazing array of chain and leather in so many combinations and shoes that any girl would give her soul for.

I am like a kid in a candy store, clapping my hands and bouncing on my toes. So much so that I am nearly popping out of my top. I go to walk over to the wall to start to browse and touch. Gemma, the brunette, takes my hand and sits me on a huge comfortable chair and brings me a glass of champagne. Once I am settled she leads you around the room, the two of you quietly talking and discussing, every so often you both look at me and smile. I am so wet with anticipation as to what you have chosen for me I'm worried I am leaving a damp patch on the red velvet. 

Gemma keeps disappearing off through a door with armfuls of clothes and toys. Once you have finished choosing you come over and take my hand, helping me to my feet. As I stand you drop to your knees and press your face into my crotch, breathing in my sweet scent. Just I think I am going to cum in my panties Gemma beckons to me.

With your blessing I walk through the door and it is beautifully warm in what can only be described as the best changing room in the whole world. There are 3 stunning girls to help me undress and dress. Your choices are hung around the room and only now am I allow to touch them. The lace is soft not scratchy, the leather feels like it was taken from the smallest puppy and everything smells gorgeous. Gemma hands me a light pink and black bra, panties and suspender belt set.

"He particularly liked this one" she says

The girls are dressed in the thinnest of silk shifts and with every movement it clings to a different part of their nubile bodies as they undress me and help me into the underwear. They gently position my breasts so the cleavage is perfect, attach black stockings for me and slip my feet into the highest of high heels. I look in the mirror and know you will be pleased.

"The final piece. He has the controller" Gemma states as she shows me a remote vibrator. 

One of the girls pulls my panties down and sits me on the sofa. I willingly part my thighs and she inserts the cold rubber into my wetness. The chill and the excitement make me shiver. I am helped to my feet, my panties repositioned, the g-string perfectly bisecting my buttocks.

I walk out to the main room where you are and Gemma motions for me to stand on a circular plinth. I am loving being the centre of attention, both your and her eyes are fixed on me.

"What do you think" She asks you.

In answer you open your flies and your rock hard dick is all the proof I need that you like this one.

"Another" you whisper huskily.

After a time I re-emerge with a black leather cupless bra, thigh high black leather stiletto boots, a dog collar and a black strap-on. The beautiful girls have spent long minutes carefully ensuring the strap-on ties are positioned exactly right to turn me on with every step. Their fingers brushing against my wet pussy and open arsehole time and time again, turning me on even further. As I reach the plinth you are standing on it your cock hard and facing me.

"Suck me" you command

I drop to my knees oblivious to Gemma watching me and take you in my warm wet willing mouth. You grab by hair, holding me fast as you pump yourself into me, going so deep I can hardly breath. The ties from the strap-on are rubbing hard against my clit and arsehole turning me on even more. As I feel you growing hotter and bigger in my mouth the vibrator inside me is turned on. I nearly cry out as I feel my orgasm beginning to overtake me. My breath comes in short pants and I can taste your precum in my mouth. The outside world retreats leaving me just aware of the sensations coursing through my mouth, tits, cunt and arse. You cum hard in the back of my throat and seconds later I feel my orgasm spurting out of me. Once we've caught our breath, you turn to me and say

"I think we should buy this one too.."

The grin on your face nearly makes me laugh out loud, but I remember Gemma is still in the room. I look round to see her lying on the sofa wearing the most beautiful delicate white bra and panties. Her dark aureoles clearly showing though the sheer fabric and the crotch on her panties glistens with her wetness.

"Go to her" you instruct.

I walk over the strap-on bobbing up and down. I lean over and take one of her firm nipples in my mouth. Her back arches and I tongue it hard. I pull her to her feet and start to kiss her deeply so she can taste you, sliding the rubber cock in and out of her clenched thighs, rubbing my tits against hers. I run my finger around the back of her panties and start to push them down. She willingly steps out of them, and I undo her bra. She is naked and vulnerable. I guide her onto the floor and push her thighs open with my knee. As her pussy pushes up towards me I can smell her sweetness and want to bury my face in it, but there is something I want more. 

Using one hand I lift her hips towards me and open her dripping wet lips, then I guide the strap-on into her oh so gently, but so deeply. Her eyes fly open as I push all the way in, and then nearly all the way out. I love having the feeling of power and I start to fuck her. Sometimes deep and hard, sometimes with the slightest movement. As our orgasms grow I take her hands and hold them against the floor. I want to rape her, to feel the power. I pump into her harder and harder until she scream out in pleasure and pain. I jam my mouth over hers, kissing her hard and biting her lips, my hips straining against her as I cum over and over again. Our bodies glisten with sweat as I slide the dick out of her. I kiss her nipples and cunt tenderly, enjoying the hot taste of her.

While we lay exhausted in each other's arms you have been sorting out and paying for our purchases. I slowly get to my feet, and start to walk back to the changing room. You grab my arm,

"Don't bother getting changed, just remove the strap-on the put my coat over you." you say

Suddenly I am horny all over again, but I do as you command. We both tenderly kiss Gemma and as we leave I say

"Thank you, that was even better than shoe shopping!"