 She walked towards him, slowly, taking in every detail of him. The way the light played on his tanned, sweat beaded skin. She took notice of every scar, every bruise, every spatter of blood on him as his broad chest heaved from his recent efforts. She could not see his face beneath the helmet but she could feel his eyes on her small, lithe body, draped in a light stola and tunic that clung to her large breasts in the hot, humid air. She stopped a few yards away from him. Sword in one hand, shield in the other, he stood on the blood soaked sand of the Colosseum. Her murmillo, her gladiator, stood victorious, his only opponent still drawing breath was at his feet; bloodied, beaten, spent, awaiting his fate. She nodded. At this sign he raised his sword to the crowd. It was deafening. The crowd roared like a feral beast. Freedmen, plebs, equestrians, senators, the great multitudes of Rome thundered their approval to him, some with thumbs raised, others with thumbs lowered. He looked around the gathered masses and then to her, his empress. She looked down at the beaten gladiator, a Thracian. She had not thought him an impressive specimen as he had cowered away from the main action unlike the samnite and retiarius who lay dead a few yards away. Her hand shot out, her verdict rendered. At least he died with some honour and dignity. He did not cry out as the sword came down just between his left collar bone and shoulder blade, cleaving his heart in two. The sword was raised again with a gout of blood to the lusty cheers of the spectators.

He dropped both sword and shield, bent down on one knee and lowered his head in deference. A cool breeze blew out her palla and sent a chill through her body. The brutality of the combat had been so arousing to her. Her hard nipples plainly visible through her tunic having eschewed wearing a fascia on such a hot day. She could feel the wetness start to run down her inner thigh as she was close enough to smell the mix of sweat and blood, it was enthralling. Even bent on one knee he was almost as tall as she was. She shivered in anticipation. She raised an arm and the crowd went deathly silent. She did not need to shout for her voice to carry in this arena but her voice was strong as she made her proclamation.

"To the victor go the spoils."

The crowd erupted once again, a chorus of shouts and cries "Imperatrix, Imperatrix, Imperatrix..."

She walked to her champion, reached forward, lifted his bowed head and removed his helmet, his steely blue eyes stared into hers as she released his coal black curls from the top knot. The galerus was removed next, revealing an arm rippling with muscle, perhaps as broad as her waist. She could feel her wetness intensify. She made him to stand before her as she unbuckled grieves and cingulum. All that now remained were his sandals and loin cloth. This last garment was soaked in his sweat and did nothing to hide his massive cock. She released him from this restraint and he stood naked before her. The crowd was cheering louder and louder. She was barely in control of herself. She let the palla fall from her shoulders. The gladiator's eyes never left hers as she pulled the fibula from her stola and let it fall to the sand. She stood now in only her tunic, which she slowly pulled off. His eyes devoured every inch of her body. From the blonde ringlets of her hair that fell in cascades across her shoulders as she undid the pins. Her dark eyes which burned with lust. Her crimson stained, full lips which she licked as she looked at his cock. His eyes played across every delicious curve of her cream white breasts, with their hard pink nipples. The curves of her hips and stomach. His cock began to harden. The crowd was frenetic as she placed a hand on the gladiator's massive shoulder and pointed to the ground. Obediently, he lay down on the sand. 

She walked as slowly as she could to where he lay. She was drawing it out to tease not just herself but the crowd watching her as well. She placed one sandaled foot to either side of his head looking down the length of his perfect body. A drop of her cum fell onto his face causing him to lick his lips in anticipation. She could see the hunger in his eyes and saw his cock began to throb. She began to lower herself onto his face ever so slowly. Her pussy was widening more and more the lower she got, his mouth was open to eagerly catch her dripping juices. Her scent reached him and his obedience waned. He lifted his head from the sand to take a long lick of her. He moaned deeply though it was lost in the deafening roar. Her head snapped back and she raised her hands to the crowd. The signal they had been waiting for. The celebration of death was over, it was now time to celebrate life.

His tongue slid around her smooth, wet labia, teasing, taunting her with licks and kisses. The feeling left her so weakened she had to rest her hands on his chest. His cock was nearly fully erect and her mouth watered for it.

She turned her attention to the crowd. They were in full swing now. Togas had been discarded, some were fucking, some were watching others fuck while masturbating and some were even watching the watchers. And so many were watching her. Men, women, of all classes watched their empress, it was intoxicating. A great mass of writhing naked bodies enjoying all the sensual pleasures life had to offer. The sight of this was driving her into a frenzy, she could wait no longer, she reached forward to grasp his cock. It was so thick. She began to pull and twist with one hand as she got on her knees for better balance. There was precum drooling from the tip. She dipped her finger in it and brought it to her mouth savouring the musky taste. She moaned out loud. 

She could feel his moans as he buried his face into her pussy she could barely concentrate on stroking his cock as the pleasure flowed over her. Licking her clit faster and faster she lost complete control and came. There was an immediate cheer from those in the crowd watching her, though she was pleased to see many were now far to engrossed in their own trysts to focus all their attention on their empress. As she regained full control of her body she began in earnest to return the pleasure to her champion.

She wasted no time teasing; she simply wrapped her mouth around his throbbing cock and tried to take every last inch of it down her tight throat. His tongue froze as the head of his cock reached the back of her throat. He could feel her gagging reflex and it only made him harder. She pulled back her head to take a breath. His cock was drenched in her saliva which she used to continue stroking his cock with both hands. Now she decided to take her time and enjoy his cock. She licked around the tip. He moaned, his hips thrust upward, she loved that he wanted more; she wanted more too. She wiggled her hips to remind him that she wanted more attention. He was eager to comply with her wishes. He brought his hands up to spread her pussy even more so that he could thrust his tongue as deep into her as he could. He then replaced his tongue with two fingers just as she took him down her throat again.

It took no time at all before she came again as he wiggled his fingers and licked her clit causing her to spray all over his face. Another roaring cheer erupted from the crowd. As much as she loved it, all the oral attention was making her clit sore and she desperately needed that cock inside her now. 

She crawled down his body like a cat, trailing droplets of cum down his chest. She had to get off her knees in order to get his huge cock inside her. She looked to the crowd again, aroused by all those watching as she grabbed his cock and rubbed the tip against her vulva. She could feel the shaft throbbing in her grip. She then let it slip between and ever so slowly she enveloped his cock. His head rolled from side to side; her pussy was so wet and tight. She could not take his full length but that did not stop her as she bounced up and down his shaft which filled her to bursting. More and more of the crowd turned to watch as she rode his cock. Her large breasts bouncing. His hands found her hips as he forced himself deep inside her with every thrust. Her back arched and she let out a deep moan that turned into a scream as the waves of her orgasm crashed over her.

Her champion had done so well. She looked over her shoulder into his smoldering eyes and nodded. Before the maddened crowd she rode his cock harder and harder until she achieved his ecstasy. She came again as his pulsating cock filled her with his cum. The crowd cheered as she collapsed backwards, exhausted. His strong arms embraced her.

"You have pleased your empress perfectly, and for that, I will let you live another day."

She turned to face him and kissed him from his chest, to his neck,to his mouth. A soft beeping stopped her in her tracks. She looked up quickly and seemed to focus on something in the distance.

"Shit, I gotta go. Hope we can do this again soon, I feel so lucky I found you on here. This has been the best sex I have ever had. Bye, Gladiator." 

She gave him a quick peck on the lips, a wink, and then her body winked out of existence.

"Bye, Glori."

But she was already gone.

A soft sing-song voice rang in his ears as he logged off from the game as well.

"Thank you for playing The Real Thing Augmented Reality Simulator, CockGladiator6969. The cost of this session has been deducted from your account, please review your account regularly to ensure accuracy of billing and to ensure against unauthorized usage. Please remain seated as you remove your headset as you may experience mild dizziness or nausea. If these symptoms..."

He removed the headset and sighed. He was back to his room. Back to his fucking shitty room and his fucking shitty life. He unplugged the suit from the console. The suit was the most expensive thing he owned. It cost even more than his shitty Honda Civic that was parked outside his Mom's house where he still lived. Of course the VR suit had to be custom ordered since the regular model would not accommodate his 320 pound girth. It had been a birthday present from his mother, but she didn't know anything about the after market genital and facial/oral adapters which would now need to be cleaned out and put back in their hiding place. He had saved for almost an entire year to buy them. Lousy fucking minimum-wage-slave job. 

As he took off the adapters and the suit, giving it a sniff to see if it could go another day without a wash, he looked at the clock. He only had 30 minutes to get to work. Well, fuck the shower then. He quickly dressed then sneaked his way to the bathroom and locked the door to spend 15 minutes washing his prized possessions before sneaking back to his room to hide them. The last thing he wanted was to be caught by his mother or sister. He ran out of the house to his car as his mom yelled something at him he decided to completely ignore. It started on the fourth try and he sped off to work.

He made it to work on time, just, and even that wasn't enough to keep his useless fucking manager off his back. At least he had a wonderful memory of the time he had spent with Glori. If it didn't cost so fucking much to play the game he could ditch this fucking job but he couldn't have the game's charges showing up on his Mom's account. Eventually, as was usually the case, even the memory of Glori and the game was not enough to placate the misery he felt.

And if being at work wasn't bad enough, and if it wasn't bad enough that that job was serving burgers to assholes all day, just to drop a fucking shit cherry on the shit sundae that was his shift, his little sister, Jessica, showed up with her friends Meagan, Heather, and Sarah. He groaned out loud despite himself.

"You forgot your phone, dumb-ass, Oh, and Mom wants you to call her before you leave after your shift ends tonight."

Heather and Sarah were giggling as she dropped his phone on the counter for him and then spun around to leave. 

Fucking bitch. He tried to say something clever, his mind racing but he couldn't think of anything clever to say, just things that would get him written up by his manager again. He could only stand there feeling his face flush in impotent rage. She turned around with a cruel smile on her lips. 

"Oh, by the way dumb-ass, did you get your rejection letter from that shit college you applied to yet? 'Cause I got the acceptance letters from my top three choices this morning."

Heather and Sarah erupted into laughter. Meagan frowned at the other three and slowly shook her head. 

"Come on Jess, that was really mean."

As the four of them left, Meagan turned back towards him and mouthed the word sorry and shrugged.

Fuck!

He could never think as fast as he wanted in front of his sister's friends. He invariably got flustered and tongue tied. Heather had curves for days and just watching her huge tits jiggle as she moved left him incapable of speech. Sarah was petite, athletic and had an ass you could probably bounce a quarter off and always wore leggings that accentuated it. She had a way of looking in his direction without even seeing him. It was belittling and infuriating. He could not count the number of times he pictured one of them, or more often both of them while pleasuring himself. But then there was that cow Meagan, she was different. She was plain and way too fat for his taste. How could she be that fat and have tits that small? He could tell she was the joke of the four which was probably why she was the only one that ever seemed to feel sorry for how his younger sister treated him. It was kind of pathetic really. It made him feel even worse to know that some fat, ugly bitch felt sorry for him.

Oh, how he hated his sister. This sentiment was hammered home hard as he reread the rejection letter on his phone on his break. She was almost five years younger than he was. Everything had come easier for her. Where he had been held back a grade once in primary and once again in high school, she had gotten straight A's all through school. He dropped out in his senior year to spend a year "finding himself" that turned to eight years of a dead end job. Meanwhile she was heading to graduate school having just graduated summa cum laude while he was finishing up his GED at the adult education centre. She was smart, fit, and popular. He was none of those. At least in this fucking world. Their Mom gave her a free fucking ride too because she was going to probably get another full scholarship at any college she picked. He'd have to tell his mom about this bullshit letter, but he figured he could probably hide it from her for a week or two. Hopefully her latest ultimatum about getting into college and making something of his life would be as meaningless as the last ones had been. 

He got home after his shift ended, never having called his mom, and was too tired, pissed off and depressed to even go VR. He just collapsed on his bed and went to sleep. The very next morning he got pinged by her, GloriousTities2211 wanted to meet again. Glori, just when he needed to get the fuck away from this shit world she was there. This would be the sixth day in a row. He suited up, locked his door, and logged in. The start up took forever as he longed to be with her again. He found her in the wooded glen in an alternate avatar skin to the one she wore yesterday, she was an anime style faerie.

"I just bought it today and wanted to show you, do you like it, Gladiatoro-kun?"

She giggled and spun in the air. Her gossamer wings batting in the air. Her head was too big for her body, her eyes were too big for her head, and her tits... well, she was certainly earning her user name today! She was perfect. He loved anime. He loved hentai a lot more. And he could already feel his palms sweat and his cock start to throb.

Though he had a hentai tentacle rape monster avatar he could use, one of the few alternate avatars he had bought with his meager savings, he decided to stick to the traditional fantasy genre and picked a satyr with a twelve inch cock to play with the faerie. He decided he would save the tentacles for a special occasion.

As the form materialized in front of her, she giggled. 

"Kon'nichiwa Tumnus-kun, is that the Narnia Lamppost between your legs or are you just happy to see me?"

The fantasy's story was quite good and fun to play. After defeating the fire demon and returning the heart of Askara or whatever it was called to the faerie king they finally got ready for their happily ever after. She stripped away what little clothing she had and ran into his arms. Bouncing in a most pleasing way. 

He lifted her up holding her ass in his hands. She was already dripping wet and he desperately wanted to lick her cum off his fingers. They kissed deeply but she pulled back suddenly then smiled. She kissed his neck. Licking, kissing and nibbling all the way to his ear where she stopped and whispered:

"Listen, I just got the anal adapter today. I really want you to be the one to break it in for me. What do you say?"

His cock stiffened immediately giving her the answer she wanted.

"Well you're not going to put that monstrous thing in my ass without getting it good and wet first. My ass is SO tight."

She wrapped her legs around his waist. With one arm around his neck she reached down the other to grab his cock. She rubbed the head between the soaking wet lips of her labia. Then without any further foreplay she thrust her hips down onto his cock. Her nails dug into his shoulders and her teeth into his neck as she took as much of his cock as she could. She wasn't deep enough to take it all but wished she could. His hands gripped her ass as he lifted her tiny body up and down on his cock. She was moaning and screaming through a mouthful of his flesh until she reached the threshold of her climax. Her head snapped back as her back arched and she screamed as the waves of ecstasy wracked her whole body. Her head lolled forward and she kissed him on the mouth hard. 

She slowly pulled herself off his cock and slid off him. Kissing her way down his neck and his chest as her feet touched the grassy ground. She then kissed her way down his stomach until she was on her knees finally reaching his cock. She looked up into his eyes with the sweetest most innocent smile she could muster and took him into her mouth. She could taste her own cum mixed with his precum. She took more and more of it into her mouth letting the tip rest at the back of her throat as she stroked the shaft. She kept eye contact as she sucked him though he lost focus from the pleasure more than once. She slowly pulled the cock out of her mouth. Smiling that sweet smile she turned away from him and got down on her hands and knees in front of him lifting her ass high and wiggling it. 

He looked at her perfect, heart-shaped ass. It had surprised him that she could take this monster cock in her pussy; it was at least as thick as her leg and now she wanted it in her ass. She looked over her shoulder with a pout:

"Don't you want to put that enormous cock in my tight little ass anymore? Do I have to beg for it? Please, please fuck my ass."

Saying this she laid her face on the grass and, reaching back, she grabbed her ass with both hands and spread herself open even more. She then used one finger to point to her tiny little asshole slipping just the tip inside.

"Right in there. Please! I need it in my ass now! Please don't make me beg anymore Gladiatoro-kun!"

His cock throbbed. He stroked it a few times, slick with her cum and saliva. As she felt the warm wet tip touch her ass she whimpered.

"Oh yes, please give it to me."

And so he did. He slowly pushed the head of his cock into her. She was so fucking tight it took several attempts to get the head all the way in. She was reduced to whimpering and moaning as he forced more of his cock into her. Her hands left her ass. One went to her mouth, biting hard on her thumb to suppress her screams as he began to thrust into her. The other hand slipped between her legs to rub her sopping wet clit. She could taste blood as his thrusts became more forceful. She could no longer suppress her screams of passion as the line between pain and pleasure blurred.
