 I had successfully avoided that dreaded birds and bees chat with my father. My teens pre dated the internet and so my sex education came only from overheard conversations. Needless to say I knew little and the little I did know was pretty inaccurate. I thought all men had fifteen inch cocks and woman had very hairy cunts, massive tits and staples in the belly. When I finally did lose my virginity to Madi it was probably one of the most underwhelming experiences of my life. 

I first met Joy about a year later. She was about five years older than I was. She was divorced with no children. She was well known in the town for being crazy and a slut. She would never cheat on a boyfriend but once one had sailed into the sunset, she would waste no time in finding another. And she loved sex. I found that quite endearing and honest. After all many women did love sex as much as men did but unfortunately they were seen as sluts. 

I had recently arrived in the town and didn't really know anybody. I met Joy outside the local store a few days after my arrival. She began chatting and seemed very friendly. It turned out we worked at the same factory. Joy invited me around for coffee at her house the following Friday afternoon. She looked like an average woman, around my height of five foot eight, not necessarily slim but certainly not overweight. Her brown hair did not stretch to her shoulders. In truth she was not really a woman you would look twice at in the street but I was in the town with no friends. Perhaps I was a little naïve but I was in no position to turn down offers of friendship. 

I spent the rest of the week looking forward to Friday afternoon. Getting laid was not forefront in my mind. I was just happy at finding someone to finally talk to. I arrived at Joys apartment around four in the afternoon. Her home was the top flat in a two apartment building. Joy must had been looking out for me as she opened the door before I had even knocked. We chatted as she fiddled with the coffee machine. We exchanged brief histories before sitting on her sofa. The small two seater sofa barely took two bodies. 

'Sorry for the squeeze, my new sofa is on order,' Joy said.

I wasn't sure I believed her especially as her hand moved to my leg. The television was turned on with the sound turned to mute. Joy got up on the pretext of getting a packet of biscuits. As she walked past the television stand she pushed a protruding video tape into the video player. The screen changed from a local weather report to a porn movie. Initially I looked away from the screen as Joy returned to the sofa sitting even closer to me. She put her hand back on my leg but this time closer to my crotch. I looked back at the television screen as Joy moved her hand onto my crotch. She felt my hardening dick. I let Joy take the lead, inexperienced as I was. 

I leaned back nervously and Joy could see how uncomfortable I was. She stood up and held out her arm. I grabbed her hand pulling myself up from the sofa. Joy stared at my erect cock as I grabbed her hand like a drowning man being rescued from a deep lake. She pulled me into her bedroom pushing me backwards onto her ruffled bed. 

'Rough or smooth, I do either' she asked smiling.

'Smooth please, it's only my second time I stuttered nervously.

Joy moved to me and pulled at my jeans hiding my boner. With ease she released the button and slid down my zip. My hard cock pushed against my tight underwear. A purr of delight emerged from her as she released my monster member from captivity. She knelt in front of me and grabbed my erect cock. 

'Let me pump it for you. What a big monster you have here, your cock is so huge' she whispered.

She grabbed my hard cock in her palm and began to stroke it forward and back slowly. She grazed at my balls lightly with her fingernails. Joy placed her palm below the sac of my balls and tried to feel the weight.

'Oh your balls appear too heavy. Going to need to sort them.' she joked. 

She cupped my sack in her hand and rolled my balls around between her fingers with a slight but constant pressure. She lowered her mouth, parted her lips and extended her tongue to meet my manhood. I felt her hot breath on my throbbing shaft. Her tongue swirled around my cock before engulfed it into her mouth. I groaned with joy.

'Do you like my sucking on your cock baby?' she asked with her mouthful.

'Oh yeah! This is awesome' I had replied.

Joy began to suck violently. My sexual excitement reached to a peak and my cock started to throb hard in her mouth. She could see I was close. Joy stopped sucking cutting me off in my prime. My heart began to race, not knowing what she would do next. She pulled her shirt over her head and threw it onto the floor in the corner of her bedroom. Seconds later her bra landed on top of her shirt revealing two firm breasts with the most erect nipples I had ever seen. She grabbed my cock as she lowered one of her tits into my mouth. 

'Bite my nipple while I wank you off' she instructed. 

I felt the friction as her hand worked along my hard shaft. I flinched in pain. Joy spat into her hand and rubbed the spit into my cock. That felt much better and I moaned in approval. She spat again, this time at my cock. The spit landed directly on my cock head. 

'Good shot eh?' she announced proudly. 

She captured the crown between her fingers caressed my piss slit with a slow pace. My massive swollen pole was throbbing in rhythm with my heartbeat. She moved her head back to my crotch nestling her chin inside my hairy bush. Joy put my member back into her wide mouth. She sucked the top, licked my balls, keeping on changing the pattern. Her tongue swirled around my cock as she continuously engulfed and pumped my rigid prick with her mouth. I groaned with pleasure.

She continued to suck me, slowly, fucking my cock with her mouth. She took the entire length of my erect cock into her mouth and pulled her head away slowly, sucking it all the way. I gasped at the suction of the tight embrace of her lips. She made loud, wet, sucking sounds as her mouth gobbled my big dick. 

Joy altered her movement along my cock by planting noisy kisses along its length, like a child play kissing. She increased the intensity of her kisses, ending them by sucking my shaft deep into her mouth and pulling back until only the tip remained trapped by her lips. I felt her teeth scrape my tip letting out a groan of joy and pain. She spent more time with her tongue and lips on my swelled end and balls. She began to suck even faster pumping, jerking my cock like she was milking a cow.

She moaned for me. She was an animal. If this was her smooth, going easy on me I dreaded her rough. She would kill me, but what a glorious way to go. Lost in her own world, her head bobbed up and down, her small mouth stretched by my massive erection. Both of her hands stroked the base of my cock. The movement of her head on my shaft sent rigid spasms of delight through my tight body. I fought for air watching her head brush across my thighs during her up and down movement on my prick. I watched my cock disappear into Joys mouth and reappear wet with her saliva. I loved my cock, actually I loved all cock. I wanted to cum but I didn't want this blow job to end, ever. 

I started to moan loudly. Joy moaned back.

Sensing I was ready for my release, she gripped my hips with her hands, digging her nails into the flesh of my arse cheeks and pulled me upward for better positioning of my cock in her mouth. She furiously worked on my shaft, forcefully pushing her mouth onto my cock reaching deep into her throat and sucked it all the way up and down. One of her hands moved to my balls, kneading them painfully, while the other griped the base. My ball bag tightened as she put my hand to her head gesturing me to pull it forward. I grabbed her head with my both hands, as I felt my cum forced up through my shaft. She sank her head down, engulfing me to the base. She sucked my cock so deep my balls slapped hard against her chin. My body trembled with excitement as I moved yet closer to orgasm. After a few more minutes of her frenzied sucking I could hold myself back. My battered, hard cock started to squirt into her mouth before I exploded with a rush of massive warm cum right down her throat. My thick and creamy seed splashed from my throbbing hard cock filled her warm and wet mouth as she swallowed every drop of it. Joy moved along my length and sucked it again. I felt the movement of more cum from the tip of my cock as she licked and continued to feed on me with her mouth. She kept my cock in her mouth a good few minutes until it had gone limp. Joy climbed off the bed as I lay back exhausted and drained. I looked down at my small, wet and sticky cock. I was a little embarrassed by its puny size. Joy, on her way to the kitchen, turned back and looked at my naked body half collapsed on her bed. She looked directly at my small dick.

'Don't worry boy, I'll get it back up to size,' she said. 

Joy returned a few moments later with two bottles of cold beer passing me one. She climbed back onto the bed next to me. She had gone to the kitchen dressed only in a skirt and I presume panties but had returned completely naked. I stared at her shaved pussy. It was the first time I had seen one in real life. I sat up on the bed and rested my head on her soft thigh. She stroked my head like a little boy being comforted by a caring mother. I heard the clock in the living room chime five. I had only spent one hour alone with her and already she had sucked me dry. I knew what was coming next and I was nervous as hell. I had only fucked once before and even I had to admit I hadn't exactly performed with distinction. Joy continued to stroke my head.

'You scared?' she asked.

'Fuck yes' I replied. There was no point in lying, she would see my inexperience for herself soon enough. 

Joy smiled before kissing me gently on the lips. 'I'll teach you all you need to know, we'll have real fun together' she said reassuringly. She moved her hand from my head to my thigh and began caressing my thigh up and down stopping just short of my crotch. My cock began regaining its erect status. 

She raised herself on her knees and got her arse high up into the air. She opened her legs wide. Her pussy and arsehole were now fully visible. I stared at her naked body, at her firm real tits, her shaved real pussy. My first time had been in the dark and to be honest it had been too dark to see much. I smiled at the wonder of nature, at the beauty of the female form. Joy leaned towards me and we touched lips. I opened my mouth to let her tongue enter. I could taste the salty seaman still on her tongue. I liked it. Perhaps the next time I shot my load we could share my deposit. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me closer to her. I felt the heat of her breasts against my chest. My hands cupped her firm bare breasts and pulled them up. I kissed the soft skin of her breasts lovingly for a few minutes. I licked her large and dark nipples before pinching them between my lips and biting with my teeth. She breathed deeply and moaned softly. Her body shivered as she lay back on her bed. My heart was racing, my nerves close to breaking. Joy spread her legs wide apart into the air. I could see her beautiful shaved pussy, her beautiful cunt lips and her beautiful pink clit.

I moved in front of her on my knees as she grabbed my head and guided my face to her pussy. She pulled her pussy lips wide apart with her fingers for me as I and looked inside. I saw her pink pussy fleshy walls. I saw her clitoris.

I began kissing her pussy. She was wet as hell and her pussy smelled sweet. I could smell the shower gel she had obviously used before my arrival. I even recognized the brand. I worked my tongue, licked around her pussy hole. I started licking and burrowing my tongue through the inner sides of her pussy lips. She moaned and her hips gyrated all the time as my tongue played with her pussy. I made my way up to her hard, throbbing clitoris and swirled my tongue around it, rapidly.

As soon as the tip of my tongue glided across her clit, Joy made an loud gasp swaying her hips.

I continued to tongue fuck her, my face pressed tight against her mature pussy. It was the first time I had eaten pussy.

'Oh yes, you doing good, fucking good' Joy moaned reassuringly.

With added confidence I pushed my tongue deep into her wet cunt, pushing it as far inside as it would stretch. Joy jerked her hips up high to meet my tongue before letting out a loud moan. I stuffed my finger all the way into her ass. I put another finger in. Her hips started bouncing up almost involuntarily. I bit down softly on her clit, her pussy mussels trembled again and again as she orgasm ed with a flood of warm juices through her pussy hole. My mouth was flooded with the shower of her love-juice. She became lost in her pleasure as she grabbed my head and pressed it tightly against her pounding cunt. Her climax lasted almost a minute. I left my two fingers deep inside her arse hole and licked her clit until her orgasm had subsided. She looked down at me with a smile. 

'Oh boy, you fucking got it' she shouted.

Joy reached for my already hard cock. She held my erect cock in her palm and made a few strokes along the length of my shaft. Once she was happy with my length she told me to lie down on my back on the crumpled bed. She straddled me across my waist, hovering above my hairy crotch. My pubes tickled her raw pussy. She slowly lowered her body pointing her pussy to the head of my cock. I gripped her waist with both of my hands and carefully guided her to position. Joy gradually lowered her hips until the head of my cock touched her warm pussy lips. She paused a moment then further lowered her body as my rod just entered into the opening of her tunnel. 

Her muscles squeezed and choked my cock. She moved a little and pressed down. I pushed up and my long shaft slide into her pussy little more. Joy pumped up and down with a slow pace several times, inching more and more of my cock into her wet hole every time. Her pussy walls parted slowly as my erect cock penetrated deeper and deeper into her warm interior. It felt so sensational, warm and even homely the sensation of her warm cunt sliding down over my cock. 

The inside of her pussy was like velvet, so soft, so wet, so warm. Finally with one downward push, she sat on my bushy crotch engulfing the entire length of my erect cock into her pussy. She started to ride on my cock up and down with gyrating movements. I grabbed her hips. I pulled her down and then pushed her up over my cock. I rammed my erect cock deep into her pussy by raising my hips upwards each time that she moved downwards. I needed her to feel the full length of my cock.

She continued to ride me, thrusting her hips, holding my shoulders, moaning and begging me to fuck her harder. I wasn't nervous any more. Her moans seemed to confirm I was performing adequately. Her jumps were reaching a greater height, her drops onto my cock were becoming more forceful. Her tits banged hard against each other the harder she bounced on my cock. Sweat droplets formed on her forehead and chest before dropping onto my sweaty body. Her pussy, drowned in her juices, slurped like a child sucking on a straw in a glass of cola. She sat upright and supported by her legs, she continued to ride on me thrusting violently her hips. I smiled with satisfaction. She smiled back. She sped up ride as both our breathing got heavier. Her tits danced to the chorus of our groans.

I grasped her erect nipples between my fingers and squeezed hard. Joy let out a cry of pain and I let go in sympathy. She told me to squeeze again. Her pussy juices flowed over my hard cock running down the length of it. The noise of our heavy breathing became louder. She slid along my crotch, her hips moving back and forth, up and down and side to side. I watched her face, her expression change from smile to pain and back to smile. My fingers hovered around her breasts like a fighter plane searching out its target. Finally my fingers dived to their designated target. I pinched the super erect nipples tight enough to force out a loud scream from Joy. I cooled her burning pain by taking her tits into my mouth, first the left, then the right before repeating the switch. With her tits in my mouth and my dick deep in her pussy, I felt like I was in heaven. Then again she tensed up as her thighs shook, and had another huge orgasm. Her pussy muscles squeezed my cock tightly. She had stopped bouncing, my cock buried deep inside her cunt. She kissed my forehead and then my mouth.

Joy dismounted and lay on her back. She wanted to feel my young, boyish body push hard against her body. As she spread her legs I slid my rigid cock back into her wet pussy. It slid inside without any resistance. I fell down onto her sweaty body almost crushing her. She raised her sexy arse and I squeezed my longer than average nails deep into the flesh. Her legs wrapped around my back pulling me closer to her. She lubricated her finger with her cunt juice and pushed it deep inside my arse hole. At first I let out a shriek of pain but after a few minutes began enjoying the sensation. I pushed my cock hard into her dripping pussy one final time as I felt my hot cum work its way from my balls and along my cock shaft. On instruction from Joy I pulled my dick from her swollen cunt and holding it like a garden hose, I directed the jet of creamy spunk into her open mouth. Joy moved her head forward and took my shooting member deep into her throat lapping up every drop of my man juice. 

I fell back onto the bed, exhausted. Joy lay next to me and reached over to the bed side table for her pack of cigarettes. We smoked two each before I fell asleep. I woke up about an hour later with Joy stroking my soft prick. She said she had been just staring at it for about half an hour. She said she loved big hard cock inside her and limp, small cock outside. I told her she wasn't helping me keep it small by stroking it. She laughed. 

I finally left her house on Sunday afternoon. Between Friday afternoon and Sunday afternoon we had left the bed only two or three times, to pee and collect takeaway delivered to the door. She even collected the food naked surprising the young delivery driver. I don't think it bothered him as he got a great tip and a flash of a beautiful pussy. I spent most weekends at Joys for about six months before I left the town. We spent most of those weekends in bed. If my first time had failed to impress, my second certainly did not disappoint.