 The corner the motel had set aside for the 'Continental Breakfast' was more than crowded when he entered. It appeared that an entire volleyball team from a small women's college was there; chattering in 'teenager'. They were crowded around the waffle maker, the toaster, the microwave and the donuts. He looked around and saw but one empty seat and that at a table occupied by a woman of his own age, which was to say indeterminate, but certainly not young. He did his best imitation of 'broken field running' weaving among the moving nubile mass to her table.

"I'm sorry. There are no other seats. May I share your table?"

She looked up from her paperback novel and said "Of course. Please." She moved her handbag to her feet, hooking her foot through the strap. "It's a bit crowded this morning. I've been waiting to toast an English muffin, but they seem never to be done."

"I'll see if I can manage. Would you like coffee?" He set his bag down and lay his folded Jacket across the back of the chair.

"Thank you, yes. At least they're not hogging the coffee pot."

"It would probably be different if it were a cappuccino machine."

She chuckled at the thought. Her eyes sparkled in a jade green color as she smiled at him. He blushed at having been caught looking at her. "I'll, uh, be right back, cream or sugar?"

"Cream, please." She smiled again and turned her gaze back to her book. She read for a moment, and then raised her head to watch his progress in the battle for breakfast. He reached between a pair of chatting blondes and seized two muffins and hovered at the toaster until a pair of pop-tarts surfaced. Then, without looking or asking, he seized all four slots and dropped the slices. While the muffins were toasting, he grabbed two plates and the requisite collection of plastic knives and spoons, portions of jam, butter and cream and stuffed all but the plates into a pocket. He stepped to the orphaned coffee carafe and filled two Styrofoam cups, capped them and picked up the two plates, gliding back to the toaster just as the four slices popped to freedom. He pulled them from the toaster, stacked them on the plates and, holding his prizes above the bobbing and chattering heads, made his way back to the table.

"That was quite a display of, I'm not sure what. But, thank you. I was despairing of ever eating." She peeled back the cover of a tiny bucket of 'wannabe cream' and poured it into her coffee.

"Never show fear. They can smell it." He separated the plates and set two halves of a muffin on each and then dug out the trove buried in his pocket. "Let's see, jam, butter, spoon, knife and napkin. Yes, breakfast is served." He paused and reached into his other pocket. "Ah, yes." He held out two tiny buckets. "Cream." He spread the plastic wealth and took his seat, opening and creaming his own coffee.

"Thank you, kind sir. I'm Micki. Whom may I thank for saving me from starvation; not that I'll ever be accused of starving?" She leaned back in an obvious display of her well endowed and full figure.

"Jack will do. The real name is nearly as impossible to say as to spell." The two set to preparing and consuming their scant pickings. The wave of giggling youth eventually broke upon the shore and, duffels in hand, the mass of young athletes fled to a large bus, leaving the pair alone in the room.

"Remarkable. It's almost as if it's the quiet after a storm. It appears we have our pick of the remains. May I offer you a waffle?"

"No, thanks. If there is a banana, that would be good. Did the locusts leave anything?"

"I'm certain that anything healthy remains. Let me see what's there." Jack stood up, stuffed the last of his jam-smeared muffin in his mouth and surveyed the battleground. He found a bunch of bananas behind the empty fruit bowl. "Success, I discovered these hiding." He presented the fruit to her as if on a silver tray. He refilled his coffee and resumed his seat. "What are you reading?"

"'Shelters of Stone' by Jean Auel. I've read it before, but her new book is due out in a month and I wanted to refresh my memory." She peeled the banana and broke it into bite sized pieces rather than biting off a chunk.

"'The Land of Painted Caves', Yes, I know. I'm on the library list for it when it's released. I love that series. The author did a remarkable job of recreating lives and entire cultures from the few bones, chips and cave paintings that survived. The 'Song of the Mother' is a remarkable poetic ode to a proto-religious premise of evolution."

"I never thought about it that way. I just like the character interaction. She's so open in how she deals with everything from morning sickness and the latrines to death and sex. I suppose it helps the story when our two young lovers 'honor the Mother's gift of pleasures' about every 40 pages. I never had that much sex when I was 19."

He looked at Micki, into her eyes, for a brief moment and then, non-plussed, broke eye contact. "I, uh, have to go. Thank you for sharing your table."

"It was my pleasure. Are you here tonight?"

"Yes. I have another day of meetings."

"Perhaps we can discuss the Zelandoni, Ayla and Jondalar over dinner ... if you're interested."

Jack looked at her again. She was smiling an absolutely guile-less smile. "Sure, why not. Can we meet in the lobby at 6:30? I'll see if I can get a recommendation for dinner; Italian, Mexican or Chinese?"

"Chinese, if that's alright with you. I had Mexican last night and Italian is awfully heavy ... like me."

"I like what I see. You're healthy, mature and, obviously, not trapped in some desire to remain young."

She looked sharply at him.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. I just, uh, I don't expect us to be skinny and hard-bodied. We should look like we've lived."

She pursed her lips and curled her brow. "Apology accepted, but not necessary. I'm sorry. I can't do much about the way I look. I guess I'm just sensitive to the aging process; and not happy about it."

"The alternative to growing older is unacceptable and I think you look fine. Are we still on for dinner?"

"Sure," again, she smiled at him.

He looked relieved. "Great. See you at 6:30". He picked up his shoulder bag and walked out. As he reached the door, he turned and looked back at her. She was looking at him as he left. She smiled. What was he thinking? What was he doing?

***

Jack tossed his napkin on the table and took a final sip of tea. "What character do you identify most in the series?" He reached for the check and tossed his credit card on the table.

"It would be easy to like Ayla, but I think Marthona is my favorite; at least in the fifth book. She's lived, loved, led and still looks to her mate for 'pleasures' even as she grows older." She looked at his action in paying for dinner. "You don't have to buy my dinner."

"I know, but it's not that expensive and I appreciate the fine company. I would have gone to Subway and sat in front of the tube, otherwise."

"Can I get the tip, at least?"

"If you insist on participating, you may get the tip. But, you have to reveal your fortune cookie to me."

She grinned as she tossed a couple of bills on the table. She reached for the packaged almond cookie, removed it from its wrapper and read it. He saw her flush ever so slightly. "Oh dear. It says that 'A chance encounter will make for an enjoyable interlude.' That's really, uh, interesting."

"Mine's not nearly that good. It says 'Help. I'm being held captive in a Chinese fortune cookie factory.'"

"Silly. Let's go. It's getting late and we both have meetings in the morning." She arose and reached for her Jacket. Jack grabbed it before he could and held it for her. She felt an involuntary shiver as his hands brushed against her neck as she shrugged into the Jacket. What was she thinking? What was she doing?

***

The walk back to the motel was quiet. Each was lost in their own thoughts. Jack opened the door and let her pass through. She looked at him as he held the door open. He was tall, but neither thin nor fat, just comfortably, what had he said, mature. His face and eyes were clear and honest; and he had a sense of humor that made her laugh all through dinner. She liked him. 

They approached the elevator and he pushed the 'Up' button. "I enjoyed dinner. Thanks for going." The doors opened and the stepped in. "What floor?"

"Six, please."

"I'm on five" and he pressed the two relative buttons. The car rose to five and the doors opened. "Good night. Maybe I'll see you in the breakfast mayhem" and he stepped into the hall. Micki made up her mind, took a deep breath and stepped off the elevator behind him. The doors closed behind her. Jack turned and saw her; a questioning look in his eyes. 

Micki dropped to her knees and looked at the carpet. "This woman would be honored to share the Mother's pleasures with this man."

Jack looked up and down the empty hall and then at the kneeling woman. "What? Oh, shit, I, uh." His mind was racing as the book's description came to mine. What the hell. He touched the top of her head. "This man would be pleased to share the mother's pleasures with the woman. Come." He turned away from her, thoroughly confused, and walked to his door. He took his card key and reached for the door.

"This woman will enter and prepare the cave." Micki reached out and took the card key from him. She opened the door and stepped through and knelt again at the entrance. "This woman welcomes this man to his hearth. I trust it is worthy."

Jack stepped into his room and closed the door behind him. "Micki what are you doing?" He helped her up and sat her on the edge of the bed.

She colored and smiled an embarrassed smile. "I'm sorry. I just suddenly had a desire not to spend the night alone and, well, we both like the books and we got along well at dinner and it seemed like the right thing to do. I, uh, was it silly? I just couldn't say 'Jack, I'd like to spend the night with you' could I?"

"Well, you could have, but I have no idea what my response would be. I'm 62 and not used to being propositioned by women, anymore; especially attractive women. I probably would have run in fear. But, you are attractive and I did enjoy the evening and it has been a long time and I do want you. 'This man will indeed be pleased to honor the Mother's gift of pleasure with you.'" He bent down and gave her a brief kiss. "But, the Mother aside, I have the advantage. This is my room and you have nothing here to wear; although I intend to strip you naked very soon."

She looked up at him and grinned. "I'll be right back." She gave him peck on the lips. "Don't go anywhere." She grabbed her own keycard, set the door lock to keep the door from locking behind her and ran from the room leaving her coat and bag behind.  

Jack sat in the chair and breathed a long sigh. The thought of performance came immediately to mind. What are you thinking? How the hell are you going to fuck a woman you just met? You haven't had an unassisted hardon in ten years. What's she going to think when you can't 'rise to the occasion'? Well, let's give it a college try. He arose and went into the bathroom, opened his toilet bag and extracted a cardboard folder with a 'Levitra' sample. "What the hell, better living through chemistry." He popped the pill from its shroud and swallowed it with the aid of a glass of water.

He returned to the main room, stripped off his Jacket and tie, and removed his suitcase from the king-sized bed. He pulled the covers back and turned on the radio to a soft background station. He opened the blinds to let in the subtle light from the city and turned off all but the bathroom light. "Well, that's as seductive as it gets." He heard a gentle tap at the door and Micki came back in, a shoulder bag in her hands. She closed the door, looked at Jack and turned the deadbolt. 

"I'm back." She went into the bathroom and he heard a rustling. Then she came back into the room and set her bag on the floor by the TV. "I, uh, ran out of literary allusions. Ayla never had to seduce Jondalar. They were young and in love. I'm old and just want to get fucked. I don't quite know what to do next. Help me out here?" She looked at the turned down bed and sat on its end.

Jack sat down next to her and took her hand in hers. "Well, let's start with a healthy dose of honesty. I'm 62 years old and have ED. I haven't tried to seduce a woman in over 30 years. My sex life has been almost scheduled, infrequent, boring and thoroughly unsatisfying. I just took a Levitra, but I have no idea if I can get hard or not. I'll do the best I can to give you as much pleasure as I can. I want to. I really want to give you as much pleasure as I can."

She looked at him and saw his discomfort. "Well, okay. That's about as honest as I can ask for. I'm 59, have saggy tits and a fat butt. I haven't been fucked in five years and, when I last tried, I was as dry as Melba toast and it hurt. If you can get hard, I can't guarantee that you can get inside me. But, I'm going to suck your cock and get you sloppy wet. You'll come, inside or out, that I promise. One way or the other, buster, we're going to enjoy each other tonight. The Mother requires that we honor her. You make me cum. I'll make you cum and we'll have breakfast tomorrow. That's all we can ask. What say?" She stuck out her hand.

He looked into her eyes and saw a sparkle. He took her hand, but instead of shaking it, he raised it to his lips and kissed it. "Deal. Let us give the Mother a run for her money." He raised her from the end of the bed and pulled her into his arms. She stiffened slightly as he drew her lips to his. As he kissed her, he felt her relax and accept his offering. Her arms wrapped around him and her lips parted to accept his kiss. 

After a moment of just plain release, the kiss broke and he reached up to unbutton her blouse. She leaned back to allow him access and then began to unbutton his shirt. The hands became entangled in their efforts. "You know, Micki, we're too old for this shit. Let's just get undressed. We'll be at this all night otherwise."

"Works for me," she laughed. She stepped back and quickly stripped her blouse and skirt. She stood before him in white bra and cotton panties. "I'm glad I didn't wear panty hose." She did a pirouette. "What do you think; pure sex?" She reached up and undid the front clasp on her brassiere, but held it together.

Jack had kicked off his shoes, unbuttoned his shirt and pants and thrown them on the desk. He pulled off his socks and undershirt; leaving only his undershorts. "Well, I like it, but I'm sure we don't need to worry about any casting call for the next AARP pornography DVD." He stepped forward and cupped her breasts in his hands. "Mind if I hold these while you undress?"

She released the clasp and pulled the cotton from between his hands and her tits. She threw it on the floor and reached for the bulge in his undershorts.. She gave him an evil grin. "Sure, if I can hold this while you undress?" A thrill passed through his cock and balls as she cradled them. 

"Well, it's been a long time, but I suppose you can. My hands are occupied, as you can see. If you would like, you may drop my pants. Just don't drop my dick. I'm not as good as I once was, but I'm also not sure that I'm as good once as I ever was. Be gentle."

She reached into his waistband and held him as she stripped his shorts and let them fall. She took his softened dick and gave it a few strokes. "I'm sure you'll do just fine. How long does that pill take? You got time to eat me out?"

Jack gave her ample breasts a squeeze. "As long as it takes, I'm afraid. I've known it to work in 15 minutes, or not at all. But, I can assure you that, at least, my tongue is up to the task. Allow me." Jack pushed her back onto the bed and swiftly pulled her cotton panties from her. He saw a rounded ass, slightly puckered with cellulite and soft inviting legs with a bush of brown hair rising between. His fingers parted the wooly blanket. He encountered a glistening slit. He smelled the distinct tang of woman. His index finger traced a path from bottom to top and poked beneath the hood of her clit.

Micki jerked involuntarily when his finger encountered the sentinel of her sex. He rubbed it a bit and Micki relaxed enjoying the erotic thrill. As his finger teased her clit, Jack leaned forward and thrust his tongue into her cunt.

"Aaaah! No fair."

"There's no fair or unfair in sex, Micki, just sex." His tongue replaced his fingers and he began to tickle her clit as he thrust two fingers into her slit. It was, indeed, dry, so he spit on his fingers and tried again slowly slipping them into her quim. He continued to lavish her clit with his tongue, occasionally sweeping it around the length of her cunt lips. She shuddered and moaned as he dined at her delectable table. 

It might have been a reservoir of lost cum or just his tongue, but enough moisture appeared to allow his fingers to slip into her cunt. He gently slipped them in until he felt the rough edges of her "G" spot. She shivered as he brushed across that sensitive spot. "Oh, Jack. I'd forgotten what that felt like. Oh, my!" He continued to alternately tease her clit and flick his tongue around the edges of her cunt. "Oh my! Oh! Oh! Oooooh!" She pulled his face hard against her pussy and Jack felt her tense and then shiver as the pulse of orgasm swept from his tongue throughout her body. 

Finally, she relaxed completely and released her hold on him. "I, uh, I don't know what to say. It's been so long since I had an orgasm. Thank you just seems so inadequate."

"It's not necessary. I enjoyed 'getting in my licks'. And, I always enjoy giving my partner pleasure. It's just been a long time." He stood and gave each nipple a quick suck and then kissed her. Her tongue played tag with his for a moment. Then, she pushed him back.

"My turn. and the clock is still ticking. Lie down." She stood and reached for the bag at her feet, withdrawing a small squeeze bottle. "This is KY jelly that I use when I masturbate. If, no, that's when, I can suck you hard, this should give us enough lubrication for a really 'slick time'."

"You're shameless."

"I told you I wanted to get fucked. Now just lay back." She looked at his totally flaccid cock, "I've got my work cut out for me." She reached down and took his balls in one hand and held his dick in the other. She pulled it into her mouth and tickled the tip with her tongue. The sensation was one he had not felt for years, if ever. It was a sheer pleasure. She tickled the tiny slit at the end of his cock as she pumped his soft shaft, ever so gently.

Then, she took his entire length in her mouth and gently pumped it in and out of her mouth. The sensation was unbelievable and he felt, just before she did, that his dick was hardening; slowly, but hardening nonetheless. It didn't matter if it was spontaneous or drug-induced; the feeling of an erection was the most erotic feeling he'd had in years. "Oh, baby. That feels great." She continued to use her lips and tongue to stroke his hardening dick. Jack held her head gently as she 'face-fucked' him. Not yet fully hard, Jack felt his orgasm rising.

"Micki, I'm going to cum. Let me fuck you, please."

"I told you I wanted to fuck," she said as she let his now hardened cock slip from her lips. She continued to stroke him as she lay back on the bed. She took the KY jelly and coated his prick with the lotion. "This woman wants this man's cock." Jack rolled over and let her place the tip of his erection at the mouth of her cunt. "The mother wants you to honor her gift." Jack pushed forward and his slickened rod slipped deep into her grotto.

"Oh, God, you feel great!"

"Don't talk. Fuck. Just fuck. Nothing matters but fuck." Micki reached for his hips and pulled him in as he began a deep stroke. She thrust herself against him twisting to push his cock where she wanted it, hard against her clit. Jack got into the rhythm and stroked long and then short. He leaned down and took a nipple in his mouth, sucking hard. "Yeah, suck me! Suck me! Momma wants it all. Harder! Oh, fuck!" Micki felt the waves of an orgasm float from her clit to her fingertips. "Aaaah! Oh. Yeah!" 
