 I was just moved into the apartment and was looking around to find out what my new neighborhood was like. The apartment structure was two stories with ten units in each floor. One side faced a rather nondescript parking lot while the other had a spectacular view of the river. That was probably the reason that I rented here. The two-bedroom apartment wasn't that great, but the river view more than made up for it. My apartment was near the middle on the second floor. 

Across the street was a small strip mall that contained a bakery, a Mexican restaurant a thrift store and a mini market. Down the street to the south was mostly residential and to the north a gas station, a large grocery store and drug store along with a dry cleaners and other assorted shops.

I had just accepted a new job and had moved here from out of state and didn't know anyone in town except a few people that I was going to be working with. This was my second job since completing graduate school in business and marketing. I had just turned thirty and was looking forward to making strong professional advancements in the new company that I had taken a job with. 

I had not married, as career and education had taken president over other things. I had dated a lot, but had not had a serious long-term relationship. I just hadn't found that right woman yet. 

As I was unpacking I heard a knock at the door. When I answered there stood a young woman in her late twenties with two Pepsis in one hand and a bag containing tacos from the Mexican restaurant across the street in the other hand.. 

"Hello, I'm your neighbor, Rose, do you have time to take a break from your moving?" She asked. 

"Yes, I think that I could use a break. My name is Jerry, won't you please come in." I said gesturing for her to enter.

How do I describe Rose? She was nice looking, but not a raving beauty. She had long brunette hair. She had a full bust, but not overly large. Her nipples seemed to stand out on their own. She wasn't thin, but she wasn't over weight either, maybe a few extra pounds. You could almost call her full figured, but not quite. She had a pleasant face that was not hard to look at all, but again not a raving beauty. She had nice legs and a nicely rounded ass. She was not thin, but yet attractive on many levels. Most of all she had a very outgoing personality.

"I brought you a little snack, as a welcoming gesture. Where shall I set them down?" She asked.

"Here let's set at the kitchen table," as I cleared it off.

"Very considerate of you to do this." I said as we set down. 

"Thank you, I did it more out of morbid curiosity than anything else. I just wanted to know who was moving in next door and more about them."

She seemed very pleasant and very easy to talk to. I felt that I just wanted to open up to her immediately. She was wearing a sleeveless White blouse over a pair of mid thigh shorts. The look came across and fresh and conservative while providing a very feminine appeal.

We talked as we ate and I learned that she had come from a well off family and had recently completed her masters in psychology and was trying to decide what she was going to do next. Her parents were not putting any pressure on her to do anything so she was just leisurely moving along. Currently She was doing some volunteer work at a local women's center. 

When we had finished she gathered up the trash and put it in the trash can in the kitchen. "I'll see you again soon," She said, as she was leaving, "Have a good evening." As she closed my front door

I hadn't accumulated a lot of stuff so unpacking and setting up my apartment didn't take long. I had arrived on Friday and by Sunday I was finished. I had seen and said hi to Rose a couple of times as I came and went. She seemed friendly enough and maybe even attracted to me a little. Of that I'm not completely sure as I have a history of not reading those kinds of thing well.

I started my new job on Monday and by that Friday I was eyeball deep in it. There were a few good looking ladies both married and single at the company where I worked who seemed interested in me, but it was my personal policy of hands off at work. Again during the week I had seen Rose several times in passing, mostly in the evening. On Thursday she had asked me to take in a movie with her and I had accepted the invitation.

Friday, I showered and changed cloths as quickly as I could and went next door to knock and let Rose know that I was ready if she was. She answered the door in her terry cloth bathrobe. 

"I just got out of the shower. It will take me about 30 minutes to get ready. Make your self at home. There are sodas in the frig and some chips in the cupboard next to it. I'll be as quick as I can." . She went down the short hallway to the bathroom to finish getting ready. I proceeded to kitchen to fix my self a soda.

I had quite an enjoyable evening with Rose. I can't say that there was anything earth shattering about it, it was just nice. At her door when I took her home I embraced her gently and gave her a light kiss goodnight. She seemed ok with that and we said good night and parted.

My Job progressed nicely and I met some nice ladies outside of work that I dated occasionally. I also continued to date Rose from time to time. No commitments or strings with any of them.

One evening after I had taken Rose to dinner she asked me in for coffee. She had worn a dark blue low cut dress that evening with string shoulder straps that came to just above her knees. I have to admit that she looked very nice. The fact that I hadn't been laid in a couple of months didn't her my opinion of her appeal. She served coffee and before she sat down she stood turned and faced me and thumbed the straps on her dress and let it fall to the floor. I sat there dumbfounded. Not too dumfounded, because I didn't spill my coffee. She stood not three feet in front of me stark naked. I had noticed earlier in the evening that she was either not wearing a bra or a very thin one as her nipples were quite noticeable. She hadn't been wearing anything. And I mean nothing under her dress. She looked good standing before me with her dress puddle at her feet. That is all I can say, she looked good. Here nipples although not large were erect and inviting. Her Venus mound was shaven clean and had a very pronounced bulge to it. Her inner lips were barely visible but still noticeable and glistening. She stood there, as all I could do was stare. She looked at me for a minute or so then turned and headed toward the bedroom as she said over her shoulder 

"If you like what you see and are interested come and make love to me." 

With out a work I stood and followed her disrobing as I went. In the bedroom I found her lying on her back resting on the pillows waiting for me. I didn't make her wait long. I lay down beside her and embraced her while I gave her a long and ardent kiss. I wouldn't necessarily call what we did as much making love as it was more just pure good ole fucking. We went at each other with vigor and passion. She was a good fuck; I think we both enjoyed it. Afterward as we lay there she fell asleep and I got up, gathered my cloths, dressed and went next door to my own apartment. 

The next morning I was setting out on my deck drinking coffee and enjoying the river view when Rose came out on her deck.

"Good morning Jerry, how are this sunny morning?"

"I'm very good. As a matter of fact I am more than very good today. Last night I had a very nice evening with a good-looking lady that treated very well. And you, how are you this morning?"

"I'm feeling wonderful. I just wanted you to know that whenever you would like to do that again my door is open. Thank you for a wonderful evening."

With that she set down and we finished our coffee enjoying the river view and engaging in light conversation. When we had finished our coffee she got up and went inside. I saw her twice more that weekend and we spoke briefly each time but no heavy conversation. She seemed good with the casual nature of our relationship. 

I was still dating other women that I met and not long after I had made love to Rose I came home from a date and went out onto my deck to enjoy the night air. I had gotten a Pepsi and was just setting there taking it easy. 

"What happed, strike out?" Rose said startling the shit out of me.

"As a matter of fact yes. Not that it's any of your business." I thought her question was just a little forward.

"I know how you can remedy that. My door is open." With that comment she got up and walked into her apartment leaving the sliding patio door open.

I thought about it for a whole two seconds, got up stepped over the railing between our tow decks and went into her apartment and to her bedroom. Again I found her nude, on the bed, ready and waiting. Our love making this time was more lovemaking and slightly less fucking. It was more tender and caring. Her body was supple and willing as I kissed and caressed her breasts, thighs and most private parts. Her nipples were erect and she moaned softly as I suckled them with my mouth and tongue. She was open and accepting of me as I entered her. She came first and it was good. No earth quake mind you, but good just the same. After she went to sleep I again got up, dressed and returned to my own apartment.

I liked Rose, but I would not describe my feelings for her as love. I was just not at that level with Rose. 

About a week later I was out to dinner with a new lady that I had met. When we were almost finished with dinner she excused herself to go the ladies room. No more than she had she left when who should walk over to my table and set down but Rose. She looked very good in a black evening dress that looked very good on her. 

"Just wanted to say Hi and let you know that if you don't get lucky tonight with your date my door deck door will be open for you to come over." She said and got up and left before I could even open my mouth. Now this was odd. Nothing like this had ever happened to me before.

No, I didn't get lucky with my date. It was too early for anything like that. So a peck on the lips, a light hug and then home alone.

Just for the hell of it I went out on my deck when I got home. Sure enough her deck door was open. OK, lets see what happens. I stepped over the railing and inside her apartment. "Rose? Are you awake? Rose?" I called not too loudly. "Yes, I'm here in the bedroom." She answered. 

I headed toward the bedroom taking my cloths off as I went. She was lying on the bed, nude and looking as seductive as ever, only this time the only light was a large candle on her bedside table. I got into bed beside her and we made love slowly and tenderly.

She responded to my every touch and caress. It was easy making love to Rose. She seemed to relish everything and anything that I did to her. As before after she fell asleep I got up, dressed and returned to my own apartment.

The next interesting thing that happened was that Rose left me an email that invited me to her bed any evening that I felt like coming over. No preliminaries required. Just come over and get it on. The invitation in itself was interesting, but the oddest part of the email was how she had gotten my email address. As to that I had no clue. 

Being the type of guy that found it difficult to pass up freely offered pussy I started going to rose's apartment at least once a week. Just to keep my testosterone levels in check. This arrangement seemed to be just fine with Rose. I would go over, fuck the shit out of her and after she fell asleep get up and go back to my own apartment.

This went on for another two months. I then got a message on my cell phone from Rose telling me that she thought that she was falling in love with me. This was a new revelation. I wasn't sure how I was going to react to this. In my infinite wisdom, which wasn't always so good I decided to not acknowledge it and maybe it would go away. 

I had now been living next door to Rose for about five months. I began to notice some other changes in Rose. She seemed to have shed a few pounds, as her figure was a little slimmer. I also noticed that she was not as soft and pliable as she was when I first met her. Her body was firmer and muscle tone was better. She also had more color. She looked. Felt and acted healthier and more fit.

Another thing I noticed was that our lovemaking had subtly changed. It had changed for much the better. The last time I had gone over to make love to Rose she as I normally found her was in bed ready and waiting. The difference this time was that she took not only an active role in our lovemaking, but took the lead. She had not done this in the past. Not that I objected at all. It was just different than what it had been. I had always enjoyed an active sex partner who was a participant and wasn't adverse to them taking the initiative at times. And this night she definitely took the initiative.

She pushed me down on my back and straddled my hips. Her protruding mound split and settled on to either side of my hardened cock. It was wet with her anticipation and she slowly began sliding it up and down my shaft. My god what a feeling. Her Kisses had also changed. Her lips were no longer very soft and pliable. They had become more assertive. Their outer edges harder and more defined, while the inner part of her lips were as soft as ever. These kisses were incredible. Like nothing I had ever felt before. As she stroked my dick with her pussy the strokes became longer and more forceful. On one particular stroke my cock slipped up and into her vagina. Her next stroke slid her wet, tight pussy down the full length of my dick. I almost came with that incredible feeling. She continued to stroke me with her massaging sheath. It was almost as if she were trying to pull the very essence out of me. When I unloaded she squeezed me so hard with her vaginal muscles that I thought she was going to literally squeeze my dick off. Then she came, like she had never cum before. She drenched the bed and me. Her vaginal muscles squeezed me tighter than before if that was possible and I unloaded again. Guys don't have e multiple orgasms. That was the closest that I ever came to doing it and it was incredible.

We lay there in near exhaustion. I thought she had gone to sleep. I started to get up, but she held onto me. 

"Let's go sleep in your bed, it's dry."

We got up and without dressing, holding each other tightly, left her apartment and went to sleep in my bed. 

"Rose, I love you. Goodnight."

That was three years ago. Rose never slept in her own apartment again. I think that very soon I'll ask her to marry me. It just seems like the right thing to do.