 After reading and rereading (and rereading still) some of the 'adventures' told by Shadow_Rising, I thought I'd pay homage. Hopefully mine are half as good as his.

The story does contain cheating, so if that's not your cup of tea, I suggest you divert stories!

------------------------------

The harsh cold of a miserable winter's night set a perfected cozy mood about the shared household of Michael and Amy. The battering of the heavy, freezing rain on the windows throughout the house only reminding them of the warmth and comfort inside. There was a great cheer about the pair, but that's usually the case on most Friday nights with people. A long week of work and miserable weather only let them appreciate the comfort of their house a little more. The house had been set up much differently to the way it normally was, this was because Michael was hosting a weekly poker game among his friends, he was grateful he was hosting this week and didn't have to weather the storm outside.

After shuffling a bit of furniture, and organising a few stacks of poker chips, Michael had proudly set up the perfect round poker table in his living room. Amy, his girlfriend of 3 years gave a small, sarcastic clap after a good 10 minutes of struggling on Michael's part, who bowed in return, furthering her sarcasm.

"I'll be here all week." Joked Michael, joining his brunette girlfriend on a nearby sofa. "You still going out tonight?" He added, nodding toward a nearby window.

"Probably not." Amy answered. "Wasn't really in the mood for the girls tonight anyway."

"You'll have to join the game at this rate" He replied, looking through the messages on his phone, "David and Tom can't make it."

"A little rain and everyone quivers indoors" Amy laughed, nuzzling up against her boyfriend as he continued to read his text messages. "Is anyone else coming?"

"Ryan." He replied, "Ryan never misses a game."

Twenty minutes of uncertainty passed, the game should have started by now but nobody had shown up yet. Michael hated waiting about, and his pacing between the kitchen and the front door only showed that. Amy at this point had poured herself her second glass of wine and was quite content having the entire sofa to herself. This was quickly disrupted by the piercing beams of light as a car pulled into their driveway, the light shining through the living room window.

"Honey, I think that's your friend." Amy called through to her boyfriend, not shifting from her place.

"About time." He muttered to himself as he went to the front door.

The sound of heavy rain filled the room as Michael opened the front door, welcoming his friend. It was still raining hard outside, and the talk between the two friends quickly turned to it. Amy heard faint hints of idle chatter as the two boys walked through to the kitchen and got themselves a beer, complaining over the lack of commitment of David and Tom.

"Bit of head to head action it is then." Called Michael, considerably happier now that one of his friends had shown up.

The attention of the boys was equally divided as they walked into the living room. Michael walked proudly towards his grand poker table set within the middle of the room, admiring the efforts he had gone to for tonight, though partially being wasted. His friend eyes on the other hand, drifted toward Amy, who had now looked up at this point. Amy looked back, greeting the stranger. He was quite similar to Michael in a few ways, he had short dark hair, and was fairly well taken care of, but he was a little taller and stronger looking than her boyfriend. At this point Michael had notice them staring at each other.

"Oh god, I'm sorry." He laughed, "Ryan, this is my girlfriend Amy."

"Well, you weren't joking, she's hot." Ryan said, causing Amy and her boyfriend to let out a laugh. He certainly broke the ice.

"Told ya.'" Michael answered, sitting himself down at the table. "Now c'mon, I want to play some cards."

"If you don't want to wait to lose your money, then so be it." Ryan laughed, moving to his seat opposite Michael.

"Now, now boys, play nicely." Amy said playfully as the two continued to gloat between each other.

The cards began to fly and the room began to buzz of friendly rivalry, jokes and general comfort. Michael and Ryan had been strategically absorbed by their game for the better part of an hour by this point. Amy looked on now and again, watching curiously at the tension between some of the hands. She didn't understand the game, but she loved the excitement of it. She followed the mood of who was winning between the shouts of victory and cries of irritation with each hand. Amy was having trouble focusing on anything, the excitement of the game beside her drew her away from reading or sorting chores.

The game pressed on, and so did the drinks. Before long Amy was practically a barmaid clearing out the empty beer bottles between the three of them. Upon clearing the second round of drinks, she peaked across the table, trying to make sense of who was winning. Her eyes met with Ryan's, who for the first time that night, to Amy's knowledge at least, had taken his attention away from his cards and towards the girlfriends figure, now practically bent over the table to reach at a faraway bottle. The 20 year old girlfriend blushed, quickly swiping at the bottle and standing up. She looked over to Michael, wondering if he had saw his friend blatantly eyeing up his girlfriend, but his attention was focused solely on his cards. She quickly moved out of the room towards the kitchen, turning back to see if Ryan's eyes were still following her. They were.

Amy reentered the room and sat down on the sofa again. A little tipsy, but a little intrigued by the unwarranted attention her boyfriends friend was giving her. She peeked up toward the table again, looking straight to Ryan, who this time was now throwing a large stack of chips into the middle of the table. An odd sense of disappointment came over Amy, which made her question why she even wanted her boyfriends friend to be paying attention to her in the first place. More importantly, how didn't Michael notice his friend obviously staring his girlfriend of 3 years up? Was the game that intense?

"Oooh, confident are we?" Michael cooed, in response to Ryan moving a large stack of chips into the middle of the table. Ryan didn't respond, not wanting to give away any hints about his hand.

The boisterous tone of the table drowned out due to the rattling thoughts plaguing Amy's mind at that point. She tried to convince herself that it was merely the drink making her this paranoid. Was it paranoia? A moment ago she was hoping her boyfriends friend had been looking her over again. Amy looked back up to the table, staring in a somewhat drunken haze at her boyfriends friend. She began pinpointing his features, which still reminded her a lot of her boyfriend. His jaw was a bit more defined, though, and he was slightly more muscled than her boyfriend, and his eyes were blue instead of green. Amy's heart pounded a little harder at this point, his eyes.

Ryan was now staring back at Amy at this point, smiling at her as she had been looking him over. Amy didn't want him to assume anything taboo of it, she was simply inspecting him in comparison to her boyfriend. She looked over to her boyfriend who was preoccupied sorting out his newly acquired chips from the hand before, a smug look covering his face. Amy turned back toward Ryan at this point, blushing, noticing his eyes piercing her as they followed her curve line and figure.

"Big win?" Amy said nervously to Michael, making conversation merely to break the suspense between herself and Ryan.

"Ryan might as well leave now." Michael laughed, smiling at his girlfriend before noticing her flushed face. "You ok, honey?" he asked.

"Yeah..." Amy nodded shortly, "Just a bit warm in here, I might get another drink."

"Good idea, do you mind getting me one?" Her boyfriend asked, smiling as he checked his freshly dealt cards.

"Yeah, of course." Amy replied sweetly as she left the room, she decided not to turn to see if Ryan was staring again.

As the brunette 20 year old girlfriend entered the kitchen the surge of butterflies that filled her stomach in the living room heightened. What the hell was the matter with her? She was more than experienced at ignoring ogling eyes from random guys while out on the town, why was Ryan setting her body on edge? She thought back to when she was so blatantly exposed over the poker table, collecting beer bottles. The thought of Ryan's eyes peering down her shirt as she did so sent a flutter to her pussy. Amy tried to convince herself it was the effect of her drink. There's nothing wrong with guys looking now and again, she knew she drew that sort of attention. There was hardly any harm in it. She tried to bottle up the sensation flooding her for later tonight. She was getting horny, and thought about how Michael was going to benefit from it later.

A cheer came from the other room, Amy's boyfriend had obviously won another hand. At this rate she wouldn't have to wait long until the couple were alone again. Soon enough she would be able to vent some of this 'frustration'. The thought of Ryan's depleting chips spurred a naughty idea in Amy's head. Ryan had been losing a lot recently after becoming distracted, and if she was the distraction, she might be able to end the game a little sooner.

Amy reentered the game room with a couple of beer bottles. Both the boys looked up at her as she did this. She gave a cheeky smile to the pair of them as she did so, staring a little longer at Ryan as she approached the poker table.

"You feeling better?" Michael asked his girlfriend as he smiled back at her.

"Much." She answered playfully. "This room is just making me feel hot."

Amy positioned herself a little closer to Ryan's side of the table, despite having to give the beer to her boyfriend. She waited a moment until her boyfriend was fixated on his cards. This was part of a well crafted plan as the stunning brunette bent over the table and reached the beer bottle out in her arm, placing it next to Michael. She remained still for a moment, he ass pushing against her jeans and in perfect view of her boyfriends friend mere feet away. Amy felt another bolt of electricity surge towards her pussy, she had never done something this naughty, but it was for Michael's sake.

"You sure you don't want something?" The sexy 20 year old girlfriend turned her head to Ryan, her hands placed firmly on the table and her ass pouting out towards him.

"No..." Ryan gave a delayed response. His eyes could have been burning a hole in Amy's jeans at this point. "I'm fine."

Amy turned her head and let out a smile as she walked back to the sofa, sitting down. No doubt Ryan's eyes followed, as his attention had to be perked by Michael.

"Call or fold." Michael said light-heartily, oblivious to his girlfriends ruse to have the two of them alone sooner rather than later.

Ryan practically had to shake his gaze off, and with little consideration to his cards, grabbed a decent portion of his remaining chips and threw them into the pot.

Amy continued to smile to herself at the success of her plan and opened her bottle of beer, before taking a swig of short lived victory.

"No fucking way!" Michael said, half laughing after Ryan had placed his cards on the table. "Trip queens? Where the fuck did you pull those from?"

"You lost?" Amy stood up, watching as Ryan raked in a large pile of chips. The disappointment in her voice only genuine due to the lust that was controlling her. She was horny, she needed Michael.

"A fluke." Michael said a little sterner, before shuffling the deck ready to deal out some more cards.

"I can take your money all night." Ryan smiled back at Michael.

Amy's mind began to move further and further away from the poker game and towards the happenings after it ended. Where would she take Michael first? Their bed? Have him fuck her over the table his friend was eyeing her up on? The thought caused her pussy to flare and before long she found herself shifting against the sofa in an effort to try and relieve some tension. She needed him, she was practically on the verge of sending Ryan home at this point.

While the anticipation for a decent fucking filled Amy's mind the hope of it happening soon shrunk away. Before long Ryan had doubled his chips twice over and the money count was now heavily stacked in his favor. Frustration was starting to show on Michael's face, spurred on greater by the smug look overcoming Ryan. A large amount of chips were piled toward the center of the table, Ryan had bet all his chips. Michael was running on empty before his friend spoke up.

"Running low?" Ryan laughed slightly. "You might have to buy in more."

"I'm planning on winning this now." Michael answered, staring confidently at his cards.

"You're going to have to add something to your bet to back that up" Ryan gave as a retort, nodding toward both their chip stacks. His was greatly larger than Michael's. He didn't seemed phased by Michael's confidence.

"You're not getting my Xbox." Michael gave a short laugh at this, it was apparent he found little funny at this point.

"Then bet it, you're planning on winning this now, aren't you?" Ryan answered, quoting Michael.

"How about my iPod?" Michael added. "The rest of my chips and my iPod to call?"

"Your iPod is a piece of shit." Ryan laughed. "You're about $120 short and it's hardly worth that."

"My spare flatscreen?" Michael added. He was obviously desperate to stay in the hand.

Amy looked over a little shocked. She knew the hand was getting rather big if her boyfriend was so fluently throwing his possessions into the mix. She looked over to him, his confidence seemed faded but he was still eager to call.

"I don't need another." Ryan answered.

"The spare game tickets?"

"Nah..."

"How about a case of this beer, you said you like this beer?

"No thanks"

"I'll just pay you back later?"

"No IOU's"

The pair bickered on. It seemed Ryan didn't even want Michael to call on the hand. This came quickly across as vulnerability to Michael who tried even harder to get back into the game.

"Christ, is there anything of mine you do want?" Michael asked Ryan.

Ryan paused for a moment. The answer was obvious to him but he didn't want to give that away to his friend. Like many times prior that night, he turned his head to Amy who was sitting on the couch, staring at her deeply. This time, her boyfriend did notice.

"Yeah, a blowjob from Amy for $120." Michael laughed, certain his friend was joking. A rush of anger filled his voice at the suggestion from his friend. "That's fair, isn't it?" he finished sarcastically.

The mention of this set Amy on edge. Her mouth uncontrollably opened as her boyfriend rattled her off like another item on his list of possessions. The level of rage that filled Amy was overcome by another jolt of excitement. Here was her boyfriend, openly talking about betting her away to his friend, the one who had been staring her up constantly all night. Betting her away like another item of his, ready to be used at his friends discretion.

"It was a joke." Said Ryan, who gave hints of the first obvious lie he said that night. "Mind you, if you were confident in your hand you wouldn't worry".

Amy watched as Michael responded by looking at his cards. There was no way he could be considering it? There was no way he would bet his girlfriend of 3 years off as part of a bet? No matter how confident Michael had been, there was no way he could do that. Could he?

Michael looked from the table to Amy questionably. Amy responded by lifting her brows, showing the shock on her face to him that he could actually be contemplating it.

"Do you want me to let you think about it?" Ryan questioned, now making it far more obvious he had not been joking.

"No!"

"Alright."

Amy's mouth opened again in shock as her boyfriend was obviously considering the bet enough to want to talk it over with her. She looked over to her boyfriend of 3 years who was trying desperately to reassure her with a confident expression.

"Trust me." Michael mouthed.

The girlfriend stood up and grabbed Michael by the arm, dragging him away from the table for a second. Her grasp was quite firm but at this point she hardly cared if it had hurt him. How could the ass hole think of betting her away like this?

"What the fuck are you doing?" Amy whispered in anger. She heard Ryan laugh at her apparent anger, causing her to shuffle them a little further away.

"Aim, I know how bad this must look." Michael started.

"You have no fucking idea how bad this looks." Amy retorted, slapping him on the shoulder quite sharply. "If you knew how bad this looked you wouldn't be betting your girlfriend away like that!"

"I haven't BET you." Michael answered, still confident in tone. "Betting implies that I'm going to lose."

"It's a game of cards, Mike." Amy continued to flare up, looking like she was about to strike again. "You can't bet a blowjob from me off to your friends, no matter the odds."

"I have the best hand." Michael quickly whispered in answer, taking another slap from Amy square to the chest. "I would never bet you unless I knew I was going to win."

"But what if he has a better hand?" Amy answered. "What then? Your friend will get a blowjob from your girlfriend."

"He doesn't!" Michael whispered back quickly, trying to avoid another slap. "I have the highest possible full house, there's no better possible hand available. No matter what cards he has."

Amy looked over to the table and noticed Ryan was watching on, smiling. She still couldn't believe she was even in a situation like this, being risked away on a hand of cards. She looked back to her boyfriend who was nodding to her, a somewhat confident tone covering in her face, trying with every muscle to persuade her to follow through with this.

"You can't lose?" Amy asked.

"I have the best hand." Michael answered, smiling to her.

"But if you lose..."

"I can't."

A moment of silence filled the room as Amy began to contemplate the bet. She didn't understand the game, but she trusted Michael. She was still absolutely taken aback that he would even agree to bet her off like this, but at the same time trusted that would mean he was confident in his cards. Amy bit her lip and looked up to her boyfriend, giving a nod.

"Is that a yes?" Ryan asked.

Amy nodded again, clearly embarrassed to even agree with the terms of the bet.

"Just to let you know, it really was a joke Amy." Ryan started, organising the chips in the middle of the table. "But Mikey here seemed adamant to play along."

Amy rolled her eyes at the obvious lies spilling from her boyfriends friend mouth. She walked up to the table, still nervous of the outcome of the hand. She trusted in her boyfriend, but being part of the 'bet' made it considerably more nerve-racking.

The two boys eyed their cards up despite having no further control as Michael was already all-in. Ryan nodded to Michael in insinuation to show his cards. Giving out a big smile, Michael laid his cards on the table.

"Four of a kind, tens." Michael said, placing a further two tens onto the table.

Amy didn't particularly understand the game, but the air of confidence from her boyfriend and the alignment of his cards lifted a great weight of doubt from her chest. Ryan raised his brows in a small level of shock, clearly not expecting Michael's hand.

"Well played." Ryan said, finally breaking the silence. He discarded his hand and pushed his chips over to Michael in defeat.

Amy gave a weak smile to Michael who was practically beaming at this point. He gave a 'told-you-so' sort of look back to her at response. Amy wandered back to the sofa behind her as the boys continued the game, with chips heavily stacked in her boyfriends favour. Amy was still unsure about why she even agreed to the bet in the first place. She tried to convince herself that it was nothing to do with the looks Ryan had been giving her, or the lustful mood she was in at the time. The overwhelming sensation of anger and the prior lust continued to pace her mind as the game played on.
