 To understand how I got to this point in my story, you will have to read my previous submissions. My stories started out as fact, then moved to fact and fantasy. This story is practically all fantasy. We all have a Will in our lives, that is an ex boyfriend or girlfriend. For better or worse, they helped shape the person we are today. Maybe with a little luck, our paths will cross again. 



I awoke the next morning with a pounding headache, feeling sore all over. I looked over to see that Will was sleeping soundly next to me. I remembered he had taken me to a motel where we had smoked cigarettes, and had a drink. Everything about the previous evening was very fuzzy in my mind. 

I got up, went to the bathroom, and looked in the mirror. I was not pleased with what I saw!

I was a total mess! My makeup was all smeared, my hair looked like it had gone thru a tornado. It looked like a real rats nest. I could see clear, dried splotches all over my body. I licked one, and tasted it, it was unmistakable, it was dried cum. As I continued to look my body over, my legs, my ass, my hairy bush were all matted down with dried cum.

I jumped into the shower and took a long, slow, hot shower. It was then I realized that my breasts were very tender, with red marks all over them. As I washed my pussy and ass I realized they also were very tender. I felt like I had been in a wrestling match, one I surely must have lost.

I got dressed, and went back out to the bedroom, where Will was up and smoking a cigarette.

"What the hell happened to me last night Will?"

"Well, Betty Jean, you had a very good time!"

"Did you bring other guys in the room and have sex with me?"

"Yes I did and you really were into it, begging us to keep fucking you."

"How many were there?"

"Just myself, Juan whom you know, and Marcus, another friend of mine."

"I suppose you all took turns fucking me?"

"Yes we did, much to your enjoyment, as you had several orgasms!"

"I can't remember very much about it, did you put something in my drink?"

"Just a little something to get you in the mood, and boy were you in the mood!" 

"You were as good as any porn star I have seen!"

"What did I do?"

"Look over on the dresser, there are some pictures that will explain it all."

When I looked at the pictures I couldn't believe my eyes! In every picture I was naked, except for my black garter belt and fishnet stockings, Will's gift. There was a picture of me with Will's cock in my mouth, another with Juan's cock in my mouth. There was a large black man, who I assumed was Marcus, with the biggest cock I had ever seen, with his big, black cock in my mouth.

All the other pictures showed me with a cock in my pussy, many with one in my mouth at the same time. There were several showing another cock in my ass. It appeared all the guys had filled my mouth, pussy and ass at least once. There were several pictures showing me with a cock in my mouth, pussy, and ass at the same time. I was pissed, but also turned on by the photos.

I was in a state of shock! I would never do anything like this, but I had the proof in my hands. I also noticed that I appeared to be enjoying myself in the photos, judging by the expression on my face. The photos jogged my memory as I began to remember bits and pieces of the previous evening. I was pissed! I was gang banged and had liked it, as much as I hated to admit it.

"How could you do something like this to me, Will?""I am your girlfriend, I love you!"

"The truth, Betty Jean, is that I run an exclusive escort service as a second business." 

Will went on to explain that he has been doing this for several years. His good looks, charm, and big cock had lured many girls to work for his escort service over the years. 

"Betty Jean you were primed!""All I had to do was break you up with your fiancee, which I must admit wasn't hard to do, and win you over with my charm."

"You were hooked on our first date, when I screwed you in the back seat of my car."

"I could tell you thought you had found love, a love that came with a big cock that you craved."

"Here's the deal, you are eighteen, beautiful, with a great body and personality plus." 

"You are one hell of a fuck, which Juan and Marcus can attest to!"

"I have a proposition for you to consider."

"My clients like young girls."" I would guarantee you would make as much money in one evening as you do all week at your dead end job."

"So you want me to be a whore?"

"Not a whore, an escort, there is a big difference!" 

Will explained that his clientele are all high class people, paying top dollar, especially for beautiful, young girls.

"Just imagine you could buy all the nice clothes you just dreamed about.""You could buy your own car, hell, maybe even your own house."

I was very confused and upset, too emotional to make a decision at that time. I packed my bag, and left the motel. Will told me he would call me, to find out what my decision would be.

For the next week I was in a quandary as to what I would do. I must have made my mind up a dozen times, only to change it again. When Will called I told him I would do it. Will explained the terms of the agreement, the pay structure, and assured me I could quit at any time that I liked. 

He also said, "I still have the right to fuck you when ever I feel like it." 

The decision I had made was a tough one! I guess the money and my enjoyment of sex were the determining factors. I remembered my poor farm girl background, there never was enough money for new clothes or much of anything else that I wanted to buy. I started my new career out slowly, only seeing one or two clients a week. As I got more comfortable, I stepped up the pace seeing three to five clients a week. For the most part my "Clients"were very nice and respectable to me. Many were businessmen, lawyers, doctors, politicians, upstanding citizens of the community. 

Of course most of the clients were married, so there were no strings attached. Most were very good to me, the few jerks I met, I never went out with again. I was very popular with many repeat requests for my "services." I'm sure I was good at my job as I really enjoyed the sex, so I didn't have to fake anything, it was all real good sex.

.

I had a very diverse clientele, race, religion, tall, short, skinny, fat. Some preferred just blow jobs, others straight sex, others anal sex. Some wanted all three! No matter what their wish I was there to please their every desire. Who wouldn't want a beautiful, young, well built girl to fulfill all their needs? I have to admit the inner slut was coming out in me, as I enjoyed every minute of it. 

Will would come over to my apartment once a week to collect his share of my earnings. Most of the time he ended up fucking me, telling me, "I was still his girl." 

One time, when Will was out of town, he sent Juan over to collect his share of the money. Juan just happened to invite Marcus to come with him. As I paid them their money, they reminded me of my motel room gang bang. 

I said, "It's too bad that I was drugged and couldn't remember much about it."

No further prompting was needed as they proceeded to strip off my clothes, and take me into the bedroom. They then laid me down on the bed, proceeding to have me suck their cocks. They soon began to alternate, taking turns fucking my mouth and pussy at the same time. 

Marcus then laid down on the bed and had me get on top of him. I began to lower myself down on his huge, twelve inch cock. As soon as I had his big black monster in me, Juan began to fuck my ass. 

Marcus said, "I see my little white girl still likes my big black snake!" 

They both fucked me until they had cum in my pussy and ass. The rest of the evening was a repeat, as I had two cocks in me at all times, with loads of cum being deposited in my mouth, pussy and ass. I have to admit these two guys really had staying power and knew how to please a girl. 

The guys got dressed and were leaving when I told them, "It was much more enjoyable this time, since I could remember it!" 

Juan said, "He hoped Will would be out of town more often so they could collect his payment!"

I had received a different type of payment from these two studs! 

I still kept in touch with my parents when I learned that my mom had cancer. I had been an escort for one year, saving quite allot of money. I decided, since I was only twenty at the time, to"retire." 

I told Will of my decision, which disappointed him, as I was his top money maker. 

He wished me"Good luck and told me to look him up when I was in town."

I told him, "I would never forget him."

I decided I needed to make a clean break so I bought a nice car, moved to a town about twenty miles from where my folks lived. I could spend more time with my mom, helping her to recover from her cancer. I applied for a personal secretary's job at a large bank in town. Do to my superior typing and computer skills I got the job! When your a young, good looking girl with a great body, you can get about any job you want. Especially if your interviewer is a middle aged man, who likes looking down your blouse.

As I was leaving work one day, who should I bump into but my ex fiancee, Joel. He invited me have supper with him, which I accepted. I still had feelings for Joel and felt the least I could do was to have supper with him, after cheating on him with Will.

The supper went real well as we exchanged small talk, reminiscing about the good old days. Joel had taken over his father's business and was doing very well in it. I told him about my new job and that I had received a small inheritance. With the inheritance I was able to buy a car, also afford to have my own apartment. I also told him about my mother's cancer, which I was trying to help her get thru her most trying time. 

To make a long story short, I ended up dating Joel for six months. Joel then asked me to marry him, again. I knew Joel was dependable, reasonably good looking, and would be good provider. My dream of a home, children, and marriage would finally be realized.

Joel and I started to have sex again, which I found to be enjoyable, even if it wasn't up to some of the experiences I had in the past. Joel and I made it a point to never talk about what happened when I broke off our previous engagement, which was a great relief to me. I do not like to lie but in this case I would have to! Joel was a very conservative person, with a strong religious background. Marrying an "escort"would not be on his wish list. 

Joel and I made all our plans for a late June wedding. Joel had his bachelor party, and I had my girls party two days before the wedding. We girls had a nice party at a local restaurant. I received some nice gifts, as well as some funny gag gifts. We all had a few drinks and a good time, even though it was a little boring and conservative for my taste due to the presence of our mothers. 

After the party I drove home. I noticed a familiar looking car parked out front of my apartment. Not thinking anything of it, I went to my apartment door, took out my keys, and unlocked my door.

About that time a voice behind me said, "Hi Betty Jean, long time no see!" 

I was scared to death! As I turned around I saw Will, grinning at me.

I informed Will that I was getting married in two days, he could not come in. As I entered my apartment, Will followed me in. I knew exactly what he wanted! I repeated that I was getting married in two days and that he should leave. 

He immediately grabbed me and began to kiss me. Many fond memories began to return to me, as Will continued to kiss me. Will started to unbutton my blouse, but I tried to resist his advances. As he continued to kiss me, he started to play with my tits and grab my ass. I knew it was useless to resist his advances, as the memory of his big cock and the heights it had taken me to, were still fresh in my mind.

Will slowly undressed me, paying special attention to my tits, which he knew turned me on. He slowly sucked on one tit and continued to alternate sucking and kneading them with his hands. He laid me down on the couch, removing my skirt and panties, and began to eat my pussy. The wonderful things he could do with his tongue and fingers soon had me moaning with pleasure. 

I told him, "He hadn't lost his touch."

Will got undressed and knelt on the couch beside me, stuffing his cock to my mouth. I took his big cock in my mouth starting to slowly suck his cock, while playing with his balls. I started to take more and more of his shaft down my throat, all the time concentrating on giving him the best blow job he had ever had. Will continued to finger fuck me, slowly inserting one, then two fingers, in and out of my now dripping wet pussy.

Will then swung his body over mine so he was able to eat my pussy as I sucked his cock, a classic sixty-nine. It wasn't too long before my moaning increased, I could feel my climax starting to build up in me. I let out a scream as my body started to shake, with my heart beating a mile a minute. My body tensed up with my orgasm hitting me with unbridled passion. My body went limp, as I tried to recover from my overwhelming orgasm. I continued to suck Will's cock when Will let out a groan and shot his load of hot cum down my throat.

We both sat down on the couch kissing and hugging each other. 

About the same time we both said in unison:"It's as good as I remembered it."

Will then laid me down on the couch, and thrust his cock into me in one push. 

He continued to fuck me for some time when he told me to"Get up and bend over the end of the couch."

As I bent over the end of the couch Will started to fuck me doggy style, which allowed him even deeper penetration. No one has ever fucked me and left me so satisfied as Will always did. Will continued to pump my pussy with strong, long strokes. I moaned in pleasure as his big cock filled my willing pussy with his hot cum. I was once again a slave to his cock. I couldn't deny the satisfaction I was feeling, a feeling no other man had given me.

I have to admit that I had released my inner slut this evening. I felt bad that I had once again, cheated on Joel. That feeling of guilt was overridden by the great sex I had just experienced. Was this to be a foreshadowing of things to come in my marriage? Could I contain the inner slut in me?

We got dressed, smoked a cigarette, reminiscing about the good times we had shared. I still liked Will but I wasn't going to let his good looks, charm, and big cock stop me from getting married this time. 

As Will began to leave we exchanged telephone numbers with Will telling me"if you ever need anything call me."

He smiled and added, "I can invite Juan and Marcus to join us if you want!"

I smiled, winked at him, and told him"I'm a good girl!"

TO BE CONTINUED