 Author's preamble.

This series of stories was inspired by a tale from the Literotica author, Qdata, called 'DoubleDee42 Revealed' in which the main character was fictitiously portrayed as a Literotica author called DoubleDee42. One of the stories DoubleDee42 allegedly wrote was called 'Betty's bOObs'. As an aside, one line from Qdata's story, voiced by the main actor referring to Betty of Betty's bOObs, intrigued me: "She is going to be kinky, that character." 

I waited for several years to see if that story (or, indeed, that author) appeared in Literotica's lists but to no avail so I took the bull by the horns, as it were, and decided to write what I hope will be a long series of stories based on Qdata's fictional character and sent him a copy for his approval. 

Qdata has very generously allowed me to take over both the name and the story. After studying Qdata's works on this site, I have tried to emulate his style of writing but any diversion is purely my own.

This story is a work of fiction, all sex is mutually consensual and all sexually characters are at least 18 years old. 

I am happy to receive comments on this and subsequent stories in the series so I invite you to read and enjoy my story and don't forget to vote. 

*

I inherited many of my mother's qualities, particularly her body, her looks and certainly her love of life. And sexuality. She was always open about how her and Daddy enjoyed a full and varied sex life and their love for each other was apparent in the way they would touch and embrace frequently about the house so I and my siblings grew up in a loving, happy home.

I was the middle child of Mum's three. My brothers and I were good friends all through my childhood. Oh we had the usual childish fights but never anything serious or long-lasting: we soon made up and played happily together as if nothing had happened.

Mummy and I were particularly close and she would share 'secrets' with me so, even from a young age, I knew what happened in her bedroom when we kids had gone to bed. Sex was never a taboo subject at home and our parents would answer our childish questions without embarrassment on either side. Even so, I was still a virgin coming up to my 18th birthday because Mummy and Daddy both told me they would prefer that I wait until that age when my body had fully matured and I was able to make rational decisions about such things. 

About a week before my birthday, Mummy and Daddy took the occasion to talk to me when Peter and Tony (elder and younger brother) were away at a weekend scouts' camp.

"On Friday you will turn 18," Daddy told me, "and we're all going to have a party here to celebrate your becoming an adult. Aunt Mary and Uncle John would like to come and, if you would like, you can go back and spend the weekend with them."

Let me tell you about Aunt Mary and Uncle John. First, they were Aunt and Uncle purely as a childhood convention. Mary and Mummy had been best friends all the way through school and were still best friends, but, even to this day, they were still Aunt Mary and Uncle John to me. They were both fun people to be with: they would babysit us when we were younger and Mummy and Daddy would babysit their Steve who was a few months older than me. 

As I grew up they would sometimes spend the weekend at our house but only later did I learn that they and my parents shared the master bedroom, with all that implied. Lately I had noticed Uncle John checking me out. Well, with my figure and particularly my boobs, lots of boys would do the same so I knew the signs. Uncle John was a handsome specimen: he and Aunt Mary kept themselves fit by going for a long jog at least twice a week so Uncle John had a healthy leanness about him. He was not too tall, standing at about 5'9" with dark, wavy hair and piercingly blue eyes set in an angular face. I had also checked him out from his firmly sculpted biceps to his trim bum. He was sexy.

"Are you trying to tell me something?" I asked, curious as to why Mummy and Daddy had sat me down for a serious talk.

It was Mummy who replied, "Well, we know you have not slept with a man before. Uncle John is somebody whom we trust implicitly and, if you would like it, he would love to sleep with you. But only if you want, we're not trying to push you onto him." Here my mother took hold of my hand,. "Betty, we are so proud that you have kept yourself pure and we want your first time to be a happy, loving thing. John is an experienced and considerate lover. We both think it would be a good start for you." 

"You have all week to think about it," continued Daddy, "and it will only happen if you want it to happen. Don't worry about Mary, either. She is happy about the situation and will be nearby if you need her. We just want the very best for you." 

Both my parents smiled at me then Mummy said, "Whatever you want, you have our blessing. You're an adult, you make your own mind up. If you would rather have somebody nearer your age, we would fully understand and you would still have our blessing."

I stood up and walked towards the patio door then looked back at them, "Let me think this through." I opened the door and walked through to the back garden. It was warm, maybe too hot, in the sun so I sought the shade of the big old apple tree down near the bottom fence and stretched myself out on the lounger, deep in thought.

There were several boys my age who would be only too glad to deflower me. One or two were serious possibilities who looked past my DD42 boobs and the generous curves of my old fashioned hour-glass figure to the shy and sensitive me that was underneath my physical outer shell. Billy Atherton, now he was interested in the real me and he had taken me out on a date several times but respected my decision not go beyond passionate kissing. If it were to be any of my would-be suitors, it would probably be Billy.

But other girls in my class had told me that their first time was not too good: fumbled clutching in the back seat of a car or behind the old headstones in the churchyard, with the boy too eager and shooting off as soon as he was inside, leaving his partner high and dry. Did I want that to be a first experience for me? No way. Like a true romantic, I wanted my first time to be beautiful. Maybe I should think about Uncle John. Physically I was not repulsed by the idea. He was a lovely man with a lovely personality but how would I feel when Uncle John became John the lover? My lover?

As I lay there in the shade of the tree, I was tossing the two about in my mind, Billy or John, Billy or John and fell into a doze, half dreaming of giving up my virginity but my visions were more of John.

"Tea's ready, Betty." I sat up with a start as I heard my mother call again, "Come and get it." I felt frustrated that Mummy had called me out of a very erotic dream in which Uncle John was about to take my cherry after an age of tender caresses. I looked down at my chest and noticed my nipples engorged and pushing the front of my dress out in bumps. I felt a curious dampness around my private parts as I rose from the lounger and made my way back inside. Suddenly I stopped in mid stride. It was Uncle John, the lover in my dream. Maybe my body was trying to tell me something. 

Nothing more was said about my coming weekend but I did give the matter some thought and had decided that Uncle John would be the one. There would always be time for Billy later. On Thursday Mummy and I were washing the pots after our evening meal. "I think I'll go back with Aunt Mary and Uncle John tomorrow." I half whispered. "But Mummy, I'm so nervous."

She turned, flung the tea towel aside and pulled me to her in a tender hug. "Of course you're nervous, my Baby. Every girl is at this time. But I'm sure John will look after you and make it wonderful for you. Try to relax and when you come back to us on Sunday evening, you'll be different, you'll be a fulfilled woman, not my little Baby any more." Mummy held my face in my arms and kissed me. "Just enjoy yourself. You've been taking your pill every day?"

Mummy had got the doctor to put me on contraception two months ago in anticipation of my 18th birthday. "Yes, Mummy, every morning when I brush my teeth."

"Good girl. We wouldn't want anything to happen, so just relax. I'll phone Mary later."

Friday morning dawned, bright and sunny. I woke to the sound of birds chirping and quarrelling around the seed table. I yawned loudly and stretched exquisitely before throwing off the loose cover and wandered to the bathroom in my 'jamas.

"Happy birthday," my siblings chorused as I passed their open bedroom door. I looked in and smiled my thanks to them then continued to the bathroom where I luxuriated under the shower. Returning to my room, I dressed in plain cotton panties and bra, a pair of tight short shorts which, I knew, showed my bum in all its glory and a tight-fitting tee shirt which stopped at my navel. I felt good, knowing I looked good. I brushed my blonde locks into a pony tail and went downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast. Both boys whistled and clapped at my appearance. They often fooled around like that so I posed in the doorway and preened myself, laughing as I made my way to the table. Even Daddy gave me appreciating glances as he wished me Happy Birthday. Mummy hugged me from behind my chair as she placed a cereal bowl in front of me.

Some envelopes were by my plate, cards from my family. In my parents' envelope I found a bundle of £20 notes. I riffled through them and counted 25 notes. £500 was a fortune! Happy Birthday, Baby Girl," said Daddy as he and Mummy smiled at me. 

Tony's card was a lovely flowery concoction and just held the message 'Have a good one, Sis.' He handed me a package which, when opened, revealed a box containing all the make-up items I usually used. I'm sure Mummy must have put it together because Tony knew zip about such things but it was a lovely thought. I got up from my seat and went round to give him a hug and a big sloppy kiss on the cheek which made him blush and squirm, wiping the kiss off with the back of his hand.

Peter's card was one of his loveliest hand made cards. It was a hobby he had taken up in his early teens one miserable winter's day and he had developed his skills over the years. He was very much in demand by all his mates and worked for weeks before Valentine's fulfilling orders. He charged all the market would bear and was putting his earnings towards a new car. His present was a latest model mobile phone complete with a one year contract. Peter, too, got a big hug and sloppy kiss. He blushed as much as his brother had but didn't wipe the kiss away. He tossed his car keys to me and said I could borrow it for the day.

"When you've finished your breakfast you can go to the Mall and spend some of that birthday money," Mummy told me. " I don't want you under my feet while I prepare for this evening. Get yourself some nice clothes."

"Yes, Mummy. I'll see if Jenny wants to come."

I called my best friend Jenny on my new phone after I had spent an hour transferring all my numbers over and discovering all the functions on the new one. I picked her up at her place and drove to the Mall. I told her where I was going for the weekend and why. Jenny got all excited for me and said I had to buy some really sexy underwear and clothes so we spent a couple of hours just browsing through the shops as I picked out in my mind some of the things I wanted.

We stopped for a break and shared a big pizza at the food hall then started on another circuit of the shops where I had seen what I wanted. I had a fabulous time trying on all the clothes that had caught my eye and Jenny always came into the changing cubicles with me to check them out and offer her advice. Jenny has a good sense for clothes so I trusted her judgement if she said something was not quite right. 

It was she who picked out what I should wear for the party that evening. It was a sleeveless dress in flimsy powder blue satin overlaid with a heavy black lace which plunged at the front, hugged my figure everywhere and fell to mid-calf. It had a split right up one side to my hip. So we went shopping for the underwear to complement the dress. Black lace it had to be, declared Jenny. Well, with my DD 42 bust, we had to search high and low for something to satisfy Jenny's demands, all the usual shops had fairly basic stuff in my size: not sexy enough for my mentor. 

Eventually we decided to drive to another town where I knew there was a Bravissimo shop so we jumped into the car to drive the 25 miles. We found a bra which Jenny described as 'perfect'. Black, almost see-through lace, low cups with a cute red bow between them. It was sturdy enough to give me a measure of support and 'push'. "With tits like yours, Betty," she said, "you've just got to show them to their best advantage to a man you want to attract. If he's anything of a tit man he'll be drooling over them."

The bra had a matching high-sided thong which went into the bag along with a suspender belt to complete the set. My shopping trip had cost me well over half the birthday money but what the hell. Today was a big and special day for me and we had both enjoyed our trip. Jenny chattered away nineteen to the dozen on the drive back home but I was happy to let her. I was thinking about my night to come and was getting more and more nervous, the closer we got to home.

There was a large banner fluttering in the light breeze as we turned into our cul-de-sac. 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY JENNY 18 TODAY' it read and our house was festooned with balloons and streamers. Mum must have seen the car pull up outside the house because she was there with the door open to let us in with all my shopping bags which we carried straight up to my bedroom. "You have an hour and a half to get ready," Mummy called after us. "Make her beautiful, Jenny," she instructed my friend.

We put away all but the clothes I would be wearing for the party then Jenny hustled me out to the bathroom where I took a quick shower before returning to my room. There, my friend took charge. She has done quite a lot of work experience in a hair and beauty parlour she knew what she about so I subjected myself to her ministrations. First she pulled my bathrobe off and surveyed my naked form before passing the bra round me, then the suspender belt followed by the thong. Sitting me down by my dressing table she started in on my nails, buffing, filing and polishing them before painting them a delicate pink.

Next she worked for what seemed ages on my makeup: just enough to look desirable, she said, but not slutty and she took it all the way to my bosom, blending the colours in. She made me sit still while she rolled my black stockings up my legs. They were seamed at the back so she fussed with them to get the seams straight before attaching them to the dangling suspenders. Then the dress was slipped over my head and zipped up. Jenny took her time on brushing and shaping my hair, which helped the butterflies in my tummy. When she was done she used a black alice band to keep it out of my face. She produced a pair of black patent leather shoes with a three inch heel and slipped them onto my feet then sprayed me with a perfume I had bought especially for tonight. She opened the wardrobe door so I could see myself in the full-length mirror.

I was amazed how incredibly beautiful was the woman looking back at me. "Let's hope your man doesn't have a heart attack when he sees you," she quipped. I was almost hyperventilating with excitement and watched my bosom heaving up and down with each breath. She made me sit down while she quickly changed into her own dress which she had brought with her for the party. She looked very pretty.

"Come on you slowcoaches," we heard my Mum call up the stairs. 

Goodness, how the time had flown. Jenny held my trembling frame, kissed me lightly on the cheek and half-whispered, "Time to party. You'll knock 'em all out!" She opened the door, ushered me out and walked ahead of me down the stairs. Opening the door to our living room, she called everybody's attention with a load "Ta Da" and gently pushed me into the room.

I froze as everybody stared at me for a long second before Daddy came over, kissed me on the cheek and said, "When did my little Baby grow up into a beautiful lady?" Then suddenly they were all clapping. My brothers and Steve were whistling, clapping and stomping their feet which startled me out of my paralysis so Daddy led me to a comfortable armchair and sat me down.

I was handed a glass of wine: I gulped the first half glass down quickly then just sipped at it. I'm not much of a drinker because of my age but the wine helped me calm down. Even the boys were allowed wine so soon everybody was having a good time. Mummy had loaded the dining table with lots of finger buffet bits and pieces and Daddy had created a well-equipped bar on the sideboard and loaded the sound system with an eclectic mix of music, both classical and modern, suitable for dancing or just as a background.

All the furniture had been pushed back to the wall, leaving an empty area in the middle to make space for dancing, Jenny was there with Tony, Aunt Mary and Daddy were there too but it was Uncle John who came over to my chair and offered me his hand. I rose and slipped into his arms. My heart was thumping as he held me away from his body and looked up and down my figure. 

"You look so beautiful tonight," he whispered before pulling me close as we shuffled round the room. I could feel my breasts flattening against his chest and that felt fine. I was conscious of the faint spicy smell of his hair and body as I relaxed against him. He was nice to dance with and he made no intimate advances, just held me close as we waltzed slowly to the sound of Andy Williams singing Moon River. When the music faded away he kissed me on the cheek, thanked me and returned me to my chair, heart beating in my chest.

I got myself a plate of snacks and Daddy gave me another glass of wine. "Enjoying yourself?" he asked with a gleaming smile.

"Yes, I'm having a lovely time. Thank you Daddy."

"You and John looked good dancing together."

"He's a lovely dancer, Daddy."

"Well, you just have a good time and enjoy your birthday party."

Everybody seemed to be enjoying the party: there was always one or two couples dancing, I danced with my all the boys, with Daddy and had a wild upbeat dance with John. "I love watching your boobs bounce about when you're dancing like that," he whispered as he escorted me back to my seat. After about an hour somebody turned off the main lights and the room was only dimly lit by a table lamp in the corner as Mummy came from the kitchen carrying a cake ablaze with eighteen candles. Everybody was singing 'Happy birthday to you ...' 

Taking a deep breath, I managed to blow out all the candles as the company chanted "Make a wish." 

I looked around at all the smiling faces and focussed on John who slowly closed his eyes and dipped his head in my direction. I closed my eyes as I formed the wish and said to myself, "I wish ... I wish that John will make this the best night of my life."

With a deep sigh, I opened my eyes and again noticed John's kindly, inviting, smile. I only had eyes for him and smiled back shyly. It seemed, in that brief moment, silent promises were made between us. Gone were any last lingering doubts, my mind was totally made up. John would make love to me tonight. My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a champagne cork popping and we all had a glass. The company all toasted me and again wished me a happy birthday.

For the rest of the evening I was with my lover-to-be exclusively. We sat side by side, he flirted mildly with me and, as we talked, my inhibitions slowly melted away. We danced together several times until finally he asked me if I was ready to leave now. This was it! I was going home with him and give him my precious virginity. My heart was thumping as he led me out to his car with Mary close behind. Steve, apparently, was not coming with us.
