 The lovers stood, locked in each other's arms, mouths slowly, sensuously together as they kissed, her arms around his neck, hands in his hair; his hands cupping her breasts, stroking his palms across her nipples. 

She had watched him at the computer that evening, working hard, and after a long sweetly-scented bath where the heat of the water seemed to permeate her, had determined to take his mind off work. She went over to the table next to the computer, where his papers were laid out and carefully pushed them aside and sat down on the edge. She leaned forward, her hands on the table edge, as he looked at her, the silky robe she was wearing falling open slightly. She felt his eyes move, following the deep V of the neckline down to the deep cleavage it revealed, and down further to where her thighs parted. She felt her face flush at the frank sexual desire in his eyes.

He stood and put his hands on her shoulders, gently drawing her to her feet. Her eyes stayed on his face as she felt his fingers moving down, inside her robe. She felt the silk drag across her swelling nipples as he pulled the robe open and cupped her voluptuous breasts, the soft flesh filling and overflowing his hands. He leaned down, mouth moving toward hers, and she felt his voice like a touch, "You hot woman…. I can already smell the sweet scent of your pussy." And then his mouth was on hers. 

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pushed into his hands as they kissed, straining against him, feeling the tingling desire, like an electrical current, running through her body. The kiss became deeper, more breathless and she whispered against his mouth between kisses, "Lover…. Oh god, I need you… I'm so hot for you." She felt a hand leave her breast, and then one finger, sneaking in between her pussy lips, slipping through her wetness, circling her pulsing clit. She heard the undercurrent of laughter in his voice as his finger teased her, making her gasp and jerk against him, "Oh yeah… you are hot. You're dripping wet." 

His mouth moved down, licking and sucking on her neck, her collarbone, down to one distended nipple. He took it between his lips as he took her clitoris between his thumb and finger and played with them together. She moaned, her hands in his hair, holding his face to her breast as he sucked and tongued and bit gently, his fingers between her legs making her groan helplessly. He smiled at the sound, and slowed his fingers….still touching, still tantalizing her most sensitive place, but drawing her back from the brink of orgasm. "That's right, baby. Give it up. I'm going to make you cum like you never have before."

She took his face in her hands and kissed him over and over. "Make me cum now," she murmured, and then moaned, a small frustrated sound as he withdrew his fingers from her. "Not yet, darling."

She felt his hands slide behind her, cup her ass and lift her back onto the table again. He took her robe and pulled it from her so that it lay in a pool of silk underneath her. "Spread your legs for me, Emma," his soft voice commanded. She opened her legs wide, breath coming quickly as he knelt in front of her. His face was level with her exposed pussy, and she could feel the warm puffs of his breath as he murmured, "Look at you, you beautiful creature. You have a body made to be made love to…made for me." She gasped, dizzy with desire, as he trailed his fingers up her inner thighs to her swollen pussy lips, "Yes, love… made for you. I'm yours, lover."

He gave a low growl of satisfaction and leaned forward, burying his face between her legs. He moaned at that first contact, and lapped at her with long strokes of his tongue. She leaned back on one arm and brought her other hand to his head, pulling his face into her body. "Ooooh lover," she gasped. "Eat me out. Eat my wet cunt, you sweet-mouthed man. Taste my cum as it pours out of me."

Moving on instinct, the need to be as open to him as possible, she brought her feet up, resting her heels on the edge of the table, leaning back on both hands so that her legs were splayed wide, her pussy widely exposed, the pucker of her anus now in tempting view. He smiled appreciatively at her. "Sexy slut," he said lovingly. Their eyes met, gazes locked as he licked sensuously all around her clitoris, feeling it swell under his tongue. They watched each other in a long, long moment where time was as liquid as her cunt and his mouth: she, thrilling at the sight of his beautiful face between her legs, seeing it move gently, feeling the movements of his expert tongue on her; he, taking pleasure in her body laid out before his eyes, her breasts, with their excited erect nipples, bouncing gently as her body rocked, her face flushed and lust-filled from his ministrations. Around and over and around again his tongue circled as she watched his eyes, his fingers pulling back her lips, teasing her opening, and down further. At the same moment, the eroticism overwhelmed them both and her head went back, eyes closing as he started sucking on her clit rhythmically. 

Her hips pulsed up into his mouth in time with the sweet sucking and she felt the wetness pouring from her onto his face. His thumbs teased and rubbed around her asshole, spreading her juices around the opening, and she opened her mouth, panting, to tell him to put his thumb in her, when she felt his mouth move lower. "Ooohhh yes!" she gasped. He licked all around her asshole, rimming her, teasing at the opening, and the sensation was so heady, so wonderful. Without thinking about what she was doing, she brought one hand between her legs and started rubbing hard against her engorged clit, moaning loudly. 

His tongue came away from her and she cried out, "Lover, no! Please…please don't stop." She looked down to see him watching her hand at play between her legs, his eyes rapt, his face wet from her juices. "Oh my god," he said, his voice low and rough. "I need to watch…see you pleasure that big juicy clit with your sweet little fingers. Look at you…god, your cunt is gorgeous." And as he spoke, his thumbs continued their sweet torture of her quivering anus, slipping in just a bit and then pulling out to rub again. She couldn't say anything, couldn't even think straight, only knew she had to reach the end or she'd go mad. "You hot slut…doesn't that feel good? You're going to make yourself cum, baby, while I watch. I want to see your cum pouring all over your pussy and those talented fingers of yours." 

He buried one thumb to the knuckle in her asshole then, and heard her gasping cry as he fucked in and out of her, "Yes! Yes, fuck my ass, love! Oh my god…" Her glistening fingers were moving rhythmically, frantically. He watched their motion, mesmerized. "Emma." She heard him say her name, even over her moaning. "Emma… you're so sexy… it's so beautiful." 

He slipped his tongue between two of her fingers and flickered it across her clit like the flame of a candle. The sensation was too much. For a moment, her body tensed, almost to a breaking point, and then she came, screaming once, and crying out as the spasms continued to rip through her. He pulled back to watch, seeing her scarlet red clit like a luscious bud between her fingers; seeing the wetness pouring out of her quivering pussy. He buried his face in her and drank it in, his face getting soaked as new waves hit. 

He felt the precum dripping from his rock hard cock. He wanted to cum now, soaking her dripping pussy with his hot cream. His hand was slick with her cum as he took his cock in his hand and stroked it hard. "Let me see you," her soft voice said. He looked at her, her face flushed, hair damp with sweat. She was leaning up on her elbows, legs still splayed wide. "Cum on me. Cum all over me," she purred. "My cunt… my tits….my face… let me feel it.. let me taste it."

She leaned forward as he stood, his hand moving up and down the length of his shaft. She took his balls in one hand and squeezed their fullness. "Oh god, you're close," she moaned. They watched together, as the bulbous head disappeared and appeared through his fist. "I want to see it," her soft voice was husky. "I want to see it spraying from your beautiful dick. Want to see it explode from you. You sexy lover. Blow your wad all over me… coat me with cum." Her unexpected words, her squeezing hand, her full lips, parted, tongue licking over them in anticipation of tasting his cream, the scent of her cunt pervading the air… all combined into sensory overload and he jacked his cock and cried out, "Aaahh! I'm cumming!" 

She had felt the build up in his balls and opened her mouth to catch the first stream spurting from him. It filled her mouth and she moaned with delight. She gulped and leaned back slightly, letting the next spray hit her face and breasts, then scooted back, parting her legs to let it fall, hot and sticky across her pussy. Caught up in the sensuality of seeing and feeling him cum like this, she closed her eyes and let her head fall back, running her hands down over her face and neck, over her breasts, spreading the viscous fluid over her breasts and nipples, down across her belly, over her still-soaked pussy. Bathed in his cum, she opened her eyes to look to where he stood trying to catch his breath. Her hands were still between her legs and she brought one to her mouth and licked a finger clean. "Mmmmm," she smiled sensuously. "We taste good."

He knelt in front of her and slowly licked their combined juices from her pussy. He eased her from the table, until she was kneeling with him, their bodies glued together with cum and sweat. They kissed long and slow, the taste of their cum mingling in their mouths. They held each other close, her head on his shoulder and then he pulled her to her feet. "Come on," he said. "I'll run a bath for us."

She walked slowly after him, hand in his. "Whenever we take a bath together, we end up fucking," she said teasingly. "Aren't you worried about what might happen?" 

He smiled as he took her in his arms, and pressed her naked body close to his. He whispered in her ear, "I'm not done with you yet."