 We'd been friends for a while now, enjoying each other's company for a tea/coffee, a BBQ or just getting together for an evening to watch a movie together. We had a good relationship, talking openly about what we did or didn't want in a relationship or even in bed and often enjoyed teasing the other verbally through email, telephone calls or in person. Neither of us had ever made any motion to take it any further than that but I know thoughts of undressing her and making love weren't uncommon as I lay in bed and stroked myself and from some of the looks she gave me when she didn't think I'd noticed I'm sure I wasn't the only one with such thoughts. We'd both been married and divorced so we weren't in any hurry get into another relationship but there was still a definite 'feeling' whenever we were together.

On this particular day we'd decided to take advantage of a wonderfully hot and sunny afternoon to go for a walk in one of the local hiking areas. As usual we talked as we walked and neither of us was paying any attention to the weather until I mentioned that I suddenly felt cool. We were both surprised when we looked at the sky behind us. The clouds were so black it looked like someone had thrown a bottle of ink into the sky. I grew up in the country so I could tell by the speed it was moving that we didn't have anywhere near enough time to get back to the car without getting wet so we decided to make a run for a small picnic shelter that we'd passed a while ago. 

I'd like to be able to say we made it there dry, but we didn't. The shelter was just in sight when the rain started. It didn't start with a drizzle, or a few tentative drops – it went from 0 to full blast. I think that even if we'd been within a few yards of the shelter we'd have gotten wet, but as it was we were drenched from one end to the other and pretty much everything in between. Knowing that we were already wet, we quit running and just walked toward the shelter, enjoying the feeling of the rain running down our faces. What a sight we must have been when we got there – we looked at each other and simultaneously started to laugh. As I was laughing though, I noticed something else – not only was her long hair soaked and clinging to her, so was her shirt and cotton shorts. With the rain and the cool breeze there was no doubt that she'd decided to go braless that day. 

Her breasts were clearly outlined through the shirt and the twin peaks of her hard nipples were jutting out against the wet fabric. As my eyes moved down her body I could see that her shirt wasn't the only thing clinging to her body. The lines of her bikini panties were as clear as if she wasn't wearing shorts and the curves of her hips and crotch were clearly visible. Realizing I was openly staring at her I forced my eyes back to her face expecting to see an "I caught you looking" look on her face, but instead I found her eyes were locked on my shorts. I knew they'd be as wet and clinging as hers were but it wasn't until I looked down that I could see what had caught her attention – there, clearly outlined against the fabric of my shorts was my erection, in all it's hardened glory. 

Now it was her turn to force her eyes back up but when our eyes met, there wasn't a trace of embarrassment or shock in them. There was a small smile on her face – the kind that comes from having thoughts that you're really not sure you should share & the only thing I could see in her eyes was heat – the kind of heat that you feel when your whole body is aroused and you're not thinking of where you are or who's around.

I don't know how long we looked at each other, it could have been seconds or it could have been minutes, but there was no doubting the feelings we were sharing right then. We didn't say a word and we really didn't need to as we simultaneously moved closer, put our arms around each other and slowly pulled ourselves together. I could feel her nipples against my chest just as easily as I'm sure she could feel my hardness pressing against her crotch. It was almost as if there were no clothes between us. As slowly and gently as our bodies had come together, so did our lips. With the water still running from our hair and down our faces we kissed. As we started exploring each other's mouth with our lips and tongues, I could feel the heat spreading through my body. 

When we finally parted I knew I wanted to see more of what I'd only dreamed of so before I lost my nerve I pulled her shirt out of her pants and started undoing the buttons, again I wasn't alone in my thoughts because I found her hands trying to pull my T-shirt over my head. There was no way to do both at the same time, so my shirt went first followed very quickly by hers. Again we kissed except now I wanted to follow the drops of water running down her neck and shoulders as they made a trail down her breasts only to drip from the end of her hardened nipples. As my lips and tongue followed the tiny river down to her right breast, my fingers were simultaneously following a similar path to the other breast. I could feel her whole body tense and shudder when my tongue finally reached her nipple and licked the drops of water off as they formed there. I could feel her hands exploring my back and around to my chest, playing with the matted hair and my smaller but equally hard nipples. 

I couldn't hear the rain or feel the wind any more – all I could feel was the touch of her hands, the way her breast felt in my hand and the salty taste of the water mixed with her sweat as I sucked and licked it from her skin. I know we might have ended up making love right there under the shelter except for the huge crack of thunder that brought us back to reality. I'm still not sure which of us jumped more, but we were both caught totally by surprise. Realizing that we weren't in the best spot to pursue our loving we took advantage of a small break in the storm to walk hand in hand through the slowing rain back to the car. It was only when we could see people ahead of us that we reluctantly pulled our shirts back on. On the way home I was hoping that the passion we'd found out in the storm wasn't over but when I felt the hand she'd put on my leg move slowly but steadily upwards until it was right on my crotch I was certain I had nothing to worry about there.

I couldn't tell you how long it took to get to my place or what roads I took because all I could think of was the feeling we'd shared at the shelter and what was waiting for us at home. By the time we got back, we were both shivering from the damp and the sudden drop in temperature - even with the car heater going full blast! As soon as we were inside I suggested we have a hot shower to warm up first to which she readily agreed. I remembered her mentioning that she wasn't entirely comfortable with her body, so as we started to undress I reached back and flicked off the light. I heard a quick intake of breath when the lights went out and when I reached out to her I could feel that she'd tensed up. 

When I pulled her close for a quick kiss & told her it was ok and I could feel her relax again as she returned the kiss. We couldn't see much of each other in the shower, but knowing that she was as naked as she'd been in my thoughts was incredibly arousing. When we got into the shower, we just held each other close for a few minutes without saying or doing anything, and then our hands began to slowly explore each other's nakedness. As quickly as the hot water was taking the cold away from my outside, her touch was heating me up inside. At first our touches weren't even sexual, I traced her face with my fingers pausing to run the tips of my fingers over her lips. We touched each other's arms, chests, backs and stomachs, tracing random patterns with our fingers - just enjoying the contact of another person. 

Again we started kissing as water ran down over us except this water was comfortably hot and there was nothing to interfere with the feeling of skin on skin. More to justify the touching than anything we soaped and rinsed each other, pausing to take extra long touches with the more intimate areas. As I worked my way from her mouth down to her breasts my fingers were busy investigating every contour of her belly, hips and eventually her mound. As I explored the soft, wet hair of her sex I could feel the heat increase the closer I got to the crease of her lips. As I started to ease the tip of one finger inside her, I quickly found that as hot as the water was that was running over us the heat within her was even higher. She was so aroused that my finger slid easily into her as my tongue went from one breast to the other alternating between circling around the nipple, teasing it with my teeth and sucking on it like a hungry baby. 

Her hands certainly weren't idle either; teasing and stroking my shaft, pulling softly on my pubic hair and caressing my ass. As much as I wanted to taste her juices right then and there I also wanted us to be a lot more comfortable. Reluctantly I pulled away and we got out and dried each other off. Quickly we dashed to the bedroom and jumped onto the bed. There was just enough sunlight coming through the blinds to see her naked body lying on the bed – her face was flushed and she was breathing heavily. 

I could say that we were both firm and toned but we weren't – maybe 15 or 20 years ago, but not now. The good thing was that neither of us expected that and I was quite happy with the slightly overweight but pleasingly rounded image that I saw. I could just make out the shape of her breasts as they rose and fell with her breathing and the soft contours of her belly, as it became her hips. Seeing her laying there with her legs slightly spread was more than I could resist so I started where I'd left off in the shower and continued down from her nipples, leaving a trail of kisses, licks and nibbles until I reached her pussy. I love the taste and scent of an aroused woman and she was definitely aroused, she wasn't damp, she was almost running with juices and she hadn't even came yet. I traced ever-shrinking patterns on her skin, each time getting closer and closer to the hard nub of her clit. As I got closer I felt her hands on my body, unmistakeably guiding me around into position so she could use her mouth on me at the same time. 

For what seemed like forever but I'm sure wasn't more than 15 minutes we teased and pleased each other with our fingers, lips and tongue. As we progressed I was quite pleased to realize that she enjoyed oral sex as much as I did and was very good at it. Her mouth felt wonderful as she slid up and down the length of my hard-on, pausing occasionally to lick or blow on it. At the same time, I was happily licking and tonguing her slit as my fingers teased her hardened clit. Randomly I'd switch and slide a couple of fingers into her wetness as I licked and sucked on her clit. We were both getting close to our first orgasm and had mutually abandoned our teasing in favour of giving as much pleasure as we could to each other. By now my face was wet with her juices as I rapidly flicked my tongue back and forth across her clit. Less than a minute of that was all it took before her whole body arched up and I could feel her pussy tighten and throb around my fingers. 

The pleasure her mouth was giving me was incredible but nothing could have brought me to orgasm quicker than the feeling of her wetted finger sliding slowly but surely into my back entrance. Even as I was wondering how she knew I'd like that I erupted with spurt after spurt of cum. Any thoughts of her not wanting to taste my fluids were banished as she backed off until just the head was in her mouth and stroked my shaft as I came, her finger in my ass still giving me waves of pleasure. As my spasms ended her finger withdrew and my shaft was released from her mouth with an audible 'pop'. I turned back around to face her and for the next few minutes we kissed and touched each other as if we'd been together for years, neither of us concerned that we were tasting the results of our loving. Pulling the covers up over our nakedness, we lay together, just looking at each other, lost in the passion we'd just shared and our thoughts of what was yet to come.

Even though it was still afternoon, both of us dozed off for a while, her arm over my chest and her head tucked comfortably into the hollow of my shoulder. I know I would have slept longer but I woke up to the touch of her hand running up and down the inside of my leg, getting close to but not quite touching my quickly hardening cock. She kissed me softly as I awoke and we continued kissing as I pulled her on top of me. We watched each other's face as she sat up & slowly lowered herself onto my shaft. Her face shone with a look of total satisfaction and I felt like our bodies were merging into one. When she was down as far as she could go she leant forward and we held each other and shared yet more kisses. 

At first we lay still and kissed softly and gently, with my hands caressing her back and ass cheeks, but it seemed that our bodies had a mind of their own and almost unconsciously we started moving slowly, and as the speed and force of our movements increased, so did the passion of our kisses. Soon we were lost in the pleasure we were giving to each other, separating and then coming back together with a force that almost hurt but at the same time felt so good. I knew if we kept going at that pace that it would be over a lot sooner than either of us wanted so I pulled her down to me and held her tightly for a few minutes before I guided her off of me and to the bed. 

There was a slight look of disappointment in her eyes that quickly vanished when I whispered that I wanted to get behind her. Almost instantly I was looking at her nicely rounded ass and the slit of her pussy that was peeking out from between her thighs. I could tell she was expecting me to enter her but instead I leant forward and kissed the back of her neck and then teased my way with hot lips and soft beard all the way down to her backside, all the while caressing the sides of her breasts and teasing her nipples – not that they could get any harder but because I enjoyed the sound of her sighs as touched her. As I worked my way back up her spine with my lips I could feel her shiver and there were even small goose bumps forming from the sensation. By the time I'd reached her neck again I was in a perfect position to enter her once again. 

Now that we'd burnt off the surplus of sexual energy we were both quite happy to go slower and savour the feeling of our bodies moving together. My hands were constantly busy and I was glad to find that she enjoyed being touched as much as I did touching her. Every time I looked down at her ass as I slid in and out of her I couldn't help but think of the pleasure her finger had given me earlier so I thought I'd see if she enjoyed the same pleasure - surprisingly it was one subject that hadn't come up in all our discussions. 

I reached to the headboard for some lube and as it warmed on my finger I started teasing her by just putting the head of my cock into her and then pulling back out – which also gave me better access for what was to come. When I first touched her back entrance with my finger she pulled away with a quick intake of breath, but just as I was thinking that she wasn't into that kind of stimulation she pushed back against my finger and I could just hear her whisper "Gently." 

"Of course" was my immediate reply as I spread the lube first around and then as she relaxed I was able to work it into her ass. Pausing every so often for a bit more lube and to let her get used to the feeling, it was several minutes before my finger was fully into her backside and I was able to stroke it in and out just as my cock was going in and out of her pussy. I knew I was getting close to cumming again and I wanted to be sure that she was too, so I reached around her with my other hand, intending to stroke her clit, but I found that her fingers were already there. I was starting to pull my hand back to let her please herself when she grabbed my hand and pulled my fingers to her wet, hot slit. 

Interlocking her fingers with mine we shared the pleasure of massaging her clit and touching the swollen lips of her sex. As we both quickly neared another orgasm I removed my finger from her ass in favour of being able to please her with long, slow strokes that went in as far as I could and then out until her lips were just barely touching the head of my shaft. I could actually hear the wetness of our fingers sliding back and forth across her mound. I was quickly getting to the point where I couldn't hold back any more when she guided our fingers lower until they formed a 'V' with my shaft sliding between them. That put me right over the edge and I erupted into her. 

She must have been closer than I thought because as soon as I started cumming I could feel her start to shudder and shake with the sighs I'd enjoyed hearing turning to moans of pleasure. I was quite surprised to realize that I was still hard and took full advantage of it and continued to stroke in and out of her. Within a few minutes she was moaning loudly again and I could feel her pussy spasm around my shaft as she came again, definitely not as intense as the first one, but from the sounds I was hearing it was still quite enjoyable. We pretty much collapsed together on the bed after that, both of us very satisfied. 

As we were lying there, totally relaxed and enjoying the pleasure we'd shared with each other, our peace and quiet was broken by a loud gurgle from my stomach – reminding me that it was well past feeding time! What could have been an embarrassing moment was saved by a gurgled response from her stomach that had both of us laughing until we were almost crying. Seeing as her clothes were wet and I didn't feel like getting dressed, I grabbed a spare bathrobe for her, threw on another one and we went off to the kitchen still giggling to see what we could find to eat. 

It didn't take a lot of looking to realize that there wasn't anything edible that wasn't frozen solid, so we did the next best thing and ordered pizza! I'm not sure if it was the rain, the walk, the sex or the company but both of us ate like we'd been starved for days. While we were eating, we took advantage of only having loose housecoats on to rub each other's feet and legs under the table. Of course that soon escalated to running our feet above the knees until we were finally massaging each other's private areas. To anyone who hasn't done that while eating pizza...it's very easy to lose concentration and drop hot pizza in your lap! {G} It soon became a game – and a very pleasurable one – to see who could catch who off guard with a touch while they were eating.

Finally, with our stomachs satisfied we went and relaxed together on the couch & threw on a movie – I think it was Rob Roy. We sat close on the couch with a spread over us, my arm around her, her hand on my leg and our heads close together. The whole time the movie was playing, we were touching each other – not in a sexual way but just caressing each other's arm, leg, face or wherever our hands happened to go. Of course there was some kissing happening too, but still nothing too sexual – just "I feel really good and I'm glad you're here with me" kinds of kisses. When the movie was over I turned to say something to her but instead she pulled me to her and kissed me – and what a kiss! It wasn't forceful, but just very intense and I could feel her hand running up and down from my thigh to my upper chest. 

After a few minutes of this, I thought I'd get up and take her back to bed, but she had other plans. Catching the back of my robe she pulled me backwards and I half sat, half fell into her lap. We ended up face to face and instinctively we drew together and started necking like a couple of teenagers. In a few minutes, I tried getting up again guessing that she'd pull me back again so I was able to grab her wrist. This quickly evolved into a small wrestling match on the couch and of course we ended up on the floor with the cushions and the spread all around us. I had her arms pinned above her head with my legs and hips pinning her to the floor. Of course by now our robes were undone and mostly off so it was more like my naked body on hers than anything. 
