 I wrote this for a friend of mine recently after he confessed to me that he had been watching me through my bedroom window the night I lost my viginity back when we were in high school. Enjoy!



My parents are away for the weekend. It is early summer at the beginning of a new decade. My window is open and there is a soft breeze that is causing my blinds to bang softly against the sill. My neon radio is the only source of light as it fills my room with a soft hum of late night love ballads. 

I am lying in my bed, unsatisfied and completely unhappy with my boyfriend's lack luster performance moments earlier. I am frustrated and a little pent up as I watch him dress and leave my bedroom; sickened by the look of accomplishment on his face as he waves goodbye to me. 

I replay the events of our sexual exploits, and sigh. Then I toss back the sheets, stand up and walk out of my room, heading towards the bathroom for a quick cold shower before turning in for the night; anxious to rid my body of his sweat and other bodily fluids. 

I return to my room a few minutes later, wet and smelling sweet of soap. My hair is dripping onto my shoulders and down my back as I fish through my underwear drawer, hunting for my favorite black bikini panties; the ones with the hot pink bows on the hips. I let my towel fall to the floor as I pull them up my legs. I then open another drawer and pull out a black tank top; pulling it over my head, and slipping my arms through it. 

Picking up my towel, I flip my head upside down and give my hair a quick drying off. It is still very damp, but anxious to get into bed, I throw the towel into a corner, pull back my sheets and climb in.

I can feel sleep trying to over take my mind. I turn my face towards the warm breeze coming from the window and take a deep, calming breath. Then I see something; a shadow. Is it my imagination or was there movement in that dark silhouette? A shiver runs down my spine as I summon my strength and call out, "Hello? Is someone out there?"

There is no answer, but still, I'm convinced that I saw movement. I carefully and quietly get out of bed, and on tip toe, approach the window. I stand close to the wall as I sink down to my knees and reach out to lift the blinds. 

In a flash, I tug on the blind cord, leaving only darkness to conceal your identity from me. I can see you standing against the wall; your chest is heaving as you realize that you've been caught. "Who are you?" You still refuse to show yourself or speak. 

My mind is a whirl of thoughts now. Who would be standing outside my window this late at night? How long had this person been watching me? What did he see? I lick my lips; I am filled with confusion. Part of me is nervous, maybe even a little scared of not knowing who this person is. The other part of me feels charged with the thought that my boyfriend and I had been watched.

"I know you're out there; I can see you."

You still don't answer me. Mustering all the bravery within me, I reach out and unlatch my window screen; letting it fall to the ground beside you. You move one step away as I stick my head out into the open air of the star-lit night sky, and then I see you, and I instantly know who you are.

"Is that you?"

Your shoulders drop with the realization that there is no more hiding. "Yes," you whisper.

"How long have you been standing outside my window?"

You walk over and squat down in front of me from the other side of the window frame. You don't answer me, but the sheepish smile on your face betrays you. 

"Were you watching us?" I ask. I can feel a blush spread across my cheeks. 

You fidget uncomfortably, trying everything to not have to look into my eyes.

"You were, weren't you? Did you get a good show?" I ask with a giggle.

"Maybe," you finally say, "But I liked the show better after he left."

I look at you for a minute, not sure what to say. I search my feelings and realize that I'm not mad. Of all people, I trust you and know that you're not there to mock me. I know in my heart that what you saw will always stay locked in your mind. 

I smile then. "I didn't enjoy the show much either and I was part of it."

"I'm sorry." You stand up, and with a smile, you turn to leave out the side gate.

I stand up quickly with alarm. "Where are you going?"

"Home."

"Why now? Come back here and talk to me."

"Really? Are you sure?"

"Yes."

You close the gate quietly and walk back towards me. You sit down on the ground and look up at me as I settle back down onto my knees, just inside my room. I prop myself up on my elbows against the window sill and smile down at you.

"So what should we talk about," you ask.

I shrug. "I don't know." You and I are both silent as we both think hard on a subject we can discuss. The thing plaguing my mind is the anger that I feel toward my boyfriend and his sloppy sexual practices.

You are rolling a pebble between your fingers, when I open my mouth to speak. "You know, I waited a year before I finally let that guy in, and it sucked. I don't get what the big deal is."

"If he had been any good at it you would."

"What were we doing wrong?"

You look up at me with raised eye brows. "Do you really want to talk about this?"

I nod my head, "Yes, I really want to know."

"Well, first, it helps to have a guy that knows what he's doing."

I roll my eyes; this is the understatement of the year. "I guess it would have been better if it had been with a seasoned pro. Maybe I just attract dorks and this is what I have to expect out of the guys I choose."

"Naw, not all the guys you attract are dorks."

"Oh really; you've met my last two boyfriends, and they're dorks, and those are the only guys that have ever been interested in me."

"That's not true."

"Psh, yeah right. Name one other guy that has ever been interested in me."

It's then that you look away from me. 

"What?" I ask you. "Not you?"

"Maybe," you mumble.

"Wait, are you saying that were once interested in me?"

"Why do you think I was watching you? It wasn't the first time either."

"So why haven't you said anything to me before?"

"Because you're my friend, and I'm afraid I'd lose your friendship if I did."

"Why would you think that?"

You are once again silent as you rise to your feet, and start to walk towards the gate. "I'm gonna take off before I embarrass myself anymore."

I reach out and grab onto your hand. This surprises you, as you turn and look down at my hand touching yours. "Don't go, and don't be embarrassed. I'm really flattered."

"You are?"

I pull you down until you are facing me and then I smile. "So does this mean that you've thought about kissing me?"

"Yeah," you say with hesitation.

"Do you want to kiss me now?"

Surprised, you ask, "Are you sure?"

I give my answer by reaching out and taking hold of the front of your shirt and I begin to pull you towards me. I look into your eyes as your face inches closer to mine and I smile just as your lips come in contact with my own. Your kiss begins with careful hesitation. I can tell that part of you is still in doubt, but another part of you is just as curious as I am.

Our kisses grow longer, as I allow myself to close my eyes, showing a silent trust in you. I am comfortable enough now so I reach my hands out and touch your shoulders. Soon after, they slip around your neck, and my fingers begin to lightly caress the nape of your neck. You shudder at my touch, but that does not keep you from wrapping yours arms around my waist, and pulling me closer to you. Your kisses are strong now, and I can tell that you have thought about kissing me before. 

In the distance, a dog begins to bark, pulling us both out of the hazy cloud of lost minutes. You let go of me and pull away, almost as if you wanted to leave me quickly. I am stunned into silence, but I refuse to let go. 

You look at me with question in your eyes. I look away as my shy side returns. Not for what we did, but for what I was about to do. My hands slide down your arm, and when they reach your hand, I pull you towards me. I keep pulling, silently urging you to come through the window to me.

You step through the window as I release your hand. I step back and take a seat on my bed, all the while looking up at you with pleading eyes. A small smile comes to my lips, sending you a message that all is well between you and me. I then reach up and once again take hold of your hand, pulling you down to me.

My message to you is clear. You kneel on my bed next to me and then force me to my back with another round of exquisite punishment from your soft lips. As the minutes float by, you become braver, kissing me deeper, probing my mouth with your warm tongue. I surprise you in return, when I softly bite your lower lip before sucking on it gently.

You then lie back and pull me to you. Your hands slip under my top and you begin to glide your fingers up and down my back. My body is racked with a shiver, but I am too engrossed in the feel of your lips as they leave a trail down my neck to even acknowledge it. I run my fingers through your hair, encouraging you to keep exploring.

You begin to kiss the base of my neck, and a soft, small moan escapes me. You stop, look down into my face and smile. I smile back up at you just before pushing you back. 

I begin kissing your neck; sucking softly on your hot skin. My hand slides down your chest; stopping at the bottom of your shirt. My fingers slip under it, coming to rest on your belly. To you, my hand is so close, and yet not close enough. 

You are disappointed only for a second as my hand glides up your stomach and across your chest. It grazes your hardened nips, and then it is your turn to moan. I smile to myself as I bite your shoulder lightly.

Unable to stand it any longer, you reach down and pull off your shirt, tossing it across my room. The sight of your chest is an invitation. I press myself to you as I lean down and begin to abuse you with my suckling kisses and love bites. You moan every time I bite a bit too roughly, but you wouldn't want it any other way.

Your fingers continue to caress my back, as you slowly pull my shirt higher up. It surprises you when I reach up and pull it off over my head; dropping it onto the floor. The feel of my breasts pressed into your side is too much to bear. You push me onto my back once again to gaze upon a part of me that you have only seen though the dark shadows of my room.

I stretch my arms above my head; a silent invitation for you to feast upon my flesh. My nipples pucker and stiffen as your lips brush over them. You taste me; my skin is sweet. I moan as you trap a nipple between your teeth and then moan again as the moist softness of your tongue settles over it. I arch my back, pushing myself further between your lips. My fingers settle into your hair, holding you to me.

Eventually, your lips make a trail of kisses from my breasts, down my stomach and settle across my soft underbelly. Your hot breath feels better than anything I have ever felt against my skin. 

When you hook your fingers into my panties, I stiffen slightly. You sense my apprehension. You kiss me along the edge of my waistband, urging my body to relax, which it does. You then proceed to gradually pull my panties down, covering each new exposed area of skin with kisses. You pull then all the way off my legs, and then looking down at me wearing a devious smile, you stuff them into your shorts pocket. 

You then return to me, edging my legs apart; kissing and caressing my inner thighs; taking your time. You stop to admire how I am bare with the exception of a trimmed "landing strip" that leads to your ultimate destination. 

You kiss the smooth skin. Your fingers stroke my lower lips. My arousal is evident as your fingers encounter wetness. When you slide a finger inside me, I stiffen once again. With every breech of your finger, my muscles relax. I close my eyes and begin to enjoy something that I hadn't encountered until this moment. You smile to yourself when you sense complacency from me. 

The smell of me is almost too much for you to resist. You kiss me deeper, hitting a spot with your tongue that I have only felt with my finger tips before. My hips flinch at the sensation. You lap at my clit once more; I moan. You do it again, satisfied at what you are doing to me. 

The assault of your now two fingers inside me along with the feel of your tongue lapping at me takes me to a spot in the back of my mind where I have never been before. Something begins to build up inside of me. You sense this as your tongue works faster. My heart is pounding; my breathing becomes shallower. Suddenly, like water overflowing the rim of a bathtub, my muscles begin to spasm in a spot I never knew they existed. I clench up, and relax repeatedly; moaning as each wave hits. You drink me in until my muscles relax completely.

When I regain my strength, I prop myself up on my elbows and look down at you. You smile up at me and you rise to your feet. Blood rushes to my cheeks as I watch you remove your shorts. Your body is beautiful, but still my shyness overtakes me, and I look away.

You crawl back onto my bed, lie down next to me and then reach out to pull me to you. You kiss me again. I can taste myself on your tongue. I stroke your face with the back of my hand. My fingers memorize every inch of your face. Your ears are warm; your cheeks betray the start of a beard.

My hand wonders down your chest, delighting in the softness of the patch of a nearly post-adolescent chest. Every muscle is defined in your arms and chest. My finger traces every crevice of muscle separation.

My hand slides across your stomach to your back and then settles on your rounded butt. I playfully give you a squeeze. But instead of getting you to laugh, you moan. 

I like the sound of your moan in my ear, and I want to hear more. My hand leaves your ass and comes back around to the front and takes hold of your hard shaft. My hand is warm on you. Your kissing stops as you roll onto your back with another moan.

Having never seen a guy's cock up close before, I edge towards it. Up close, it's not nearly as intimidating as I first thought. It feels as if it's made of velvet., and its rosier than the rest of your skin. Suddenly, a thought that has never been in my head before strikes me. Numerous talks with my best friend comes rushing back to my mind.

I look over at you. Your eyes are closed; you're biting into your lower lip in a state of ecstasy. I smile before looking down upon this gorgeous piece of you once again, and then it is my turn to discover you using my mouth.

I start with just a kiss to the smooth head. It is soft against my lips. You flinch against me, and I know what I'm doing is pleasing you. I continue kissing you down one side and up the other. Then I run my tongue across the tip. You moan, so I know you're enjoying what I'm doing to you. That's when I take you in my mouth. I run my tongue down your length as you are pushed deeper into my mouth and then as I pull back, I drag my teeth softly up your length. I hold you steady in my hand as I stoke the base. You moan louder as I follow a vein with the tip of my tongue underneath from the head to the top of your balls. Again I drag my teeth up gently. This time, I circle the head with my tongue, as if drawing an invisible swirl design. Again, my mouth plunges down your length and up again; each time a little faster and at a different angle.

I can feel your hands in my hair. I look up at your face while I work and see that you are looking down at me. Your eyes are lustful; all signs of a smile are absent, but I know that you are happy with me.

I am lost in the pleasure I'm giving you, so you take me by surprise when you pull me up towards you. You kiss me harder than I have ever been kissed by any other guy, but not that I think that. At that moment, you are the only guy in the world, and I can't get close enough to you.

You roll me onto my back, covering my body with yours. You look down into my eyes, and we both know what's next. I want to feel you inside me, and I know you're more than ready.

You lie between my legs and begin to push through my tightness all the while keeping your eyes glued to mine. It is when you finally slide all the way inside me that we both close our eyes in rapture.

You feel thick inside me. The pain of the stretching is nothing compared to how good you feel. Then you begin to move. All I can do is lie back and enjoy the feeling. You bury your head against my shoulder as you enjoy the feeling of having me wrapped around you; a sensation of wet velvet sliding against you.

With each withdraw and entry, our breathing becomes shallower. At one point, you moan when I clench my inner muscle around you; milking you from inside. You open your eyes and smile down at me. 

You slow yourself down in order to prolong the experience. You then take me by surprise by rolling over and pulling me on top of you. Now perched on top of you, I am shaky and feel vulnerable. I look down at you wearing a look of doubt. You give me a reassuring smile as you lead me by my hips on how to move on top of you. This new sensation confounds me, and soon you and I find a rhythm that works. 

I brace myself against your chest, which is now slick with sweat. Inside me, I can feel that familiar sensation of build up. The feeling overwhelms me. I lean back, holding onto to the front of your legs as my body is once again rocked with an even stronger orgasm. My muscles clench as wave after wave of euphoric pleasure rock my body. 

My muscles tighten against you, pushing you past the edge. A look of agony overtakes you as you fill me from within. You groan from pleasure; baring your teeth. I collapse against you, weakened, exhausted, but very, very satisfied. 

As your orgasm slows, you wrap your arms around me and hold me until our breathing calms. I know our friendship is intact.