 (Please give me some feedback on my story so I can decide whether or not to make more with these characters. Also please read through the whole story so you really get to know the characters and a feel for their lifestyles.)

It all started with a phone call on a Tuesday afternoon, I had been sitting around for most of the day glued to the pc watching anime and chatting with my buddies. Though, when I think about it, that's what I pretty much do all the time. Anyhow it's a good friend of mine named Jocelyn, a very cute brunette with nice perky breasts with a very slim body. She had always been the best looking girl of our little group of friends not that the others aren't good looking they just aren't knock outs. 

Now, me on the other hand, I like to think that I am above average, with dark hair and a medium build, I am though a little short compared to most men my age. Anyway she tells me that she is going to be in town for the weekend and would like to spend some time with me since we don't see each other so much now that we have all gone off to college. Of course I jump at the chance to hang out with one of my long time friends who I've had a crush on since sixth grade. She tells me to show up at her parents' house on Saturday night and we'll spend the weekend together watching movies and catching up. Now the only problem was what was I going to do with my self for the rest of the week? 

Wednesday I went to school for half of the day then spent the rest of the day at my pc, what I normally do. Later that day my friend Jeff calls and asks if I want to hang out, seeing that there wasn't really much else to do I figured it to be a good way to kill some time. We decided to meet at the local bar in town on Thursday.

Toros has been the hot spot in town for over fifteen years now. I don't want to say we live in bumble-fuck, but we are pretty damn close, and given that we are in the middle of nowhere an upscale bar like Toros brings in huge crowds every day of the week, so our chances of meeting girls should be pretty high. That is and always have been the key word "should", and we haven't had very good luck with the ladies for as long as I can remember, but that's never stopped us. Plus we could get drunk and that was always fun. So on Thursday I head down to Toros around 8pm and started looking for Jeff. It wasn't long before I found my, tall and slightly lanky, friend with light brown hair, and a wicked smile, sitting at the bar nursing a beer.

"Yo James how the hell have you been? It's been a long time since we hit the bars!" He slurs between gulps of his beer.

"Not to bad I guess, just doing the same ol' thing and going to school." I reply as I sit down next to my best friend.

"Let me buy you a beer, you have a lot of catching up to do you know." He grins as he waves the bartender over and orders another beer for the both of us. Now this is the main problem when we try and meet girls for some reason we always end up getting shit faced before we even think about picking one up.

"Thanks, so how do things look tonight out on the dance floor?" I asked as I started drinking my beer.

"Ah I haven't really noticed; I figured I'd wait for you to show up before I go on the prowl." 

Seeing that he was already on his third beer, since I had shown up, things were already looking down for the two of us , plus the pickings were slim being that it was thirties night. Something I didn't think he'd noticed when he came in.

"Well maybe we can head back to my pad and just hang out for awhile with a six pack and talk about old times." I said hoping to get something out of this night since we don't see very much of each other like most of our little gang.

He shrugged and ordered a six pack to go and headed for the door, only then did he notice that the women in the bar were much older then he would have liked. 

"What the fuck is this?" He grunts.

I laughed and slapped him on the back as we walked into the parking lot to pick up our cars. It was going on nine when we reached my dorm and slipped in through the back so the security guard wouldn't see us and make a fuss. We both settled on the aging couch with our beers and talked about the many adventures we had while in high school. Yes I said adventures, being that we live in bumble-fuck there isn't very much to do so we use to all hang out at an old rundown mill where we drank and smoked pot. A number of times we found ourselves being chased by the police through the woods and fields but those stories are for another time. Well we spent the rest of the night downing beers and playing Nintendo till at one point I must have passed out. 

I awoke Friday morning in the closet lying in a pool of my own vomit with a Nintendo controller still in my hand. As always it had been one hell of a night. Luckily I didn't have school today so I flopped down in front of the pc and surfed the net. After a while one of my friends instant messaged me and we started chatting. Kris was once Jeff's girlfriend way back in high school; also she was one of the few females of our gang. She was a dirty blond with tan skin and a fair body with more then a hand full of breasts. We had cyber sex a couple of time before and after my luck with the girls these days I was hoping we would do so again. But not today, we spend most of the day talking about the most recent animes we'd seen and then she was off for work. So I ended up messing around on the net and playing a little Nintendo before hitting the sack.

Saturday finally rolled around and I ended up spending most of the day getting ready and checking my over filled email box. Most of it being porn mail of course. After finishing up what ever I had to do I headed out to Jocelyn's house. She lived a little closer to town then I did, but it didn't take to long to get there, no more then twenty minutes. I pulled into her drive way and the first thing I noticed was that her parents aren't home but that wasn't really anything new they were on a business trip at least 3 times a week. Their door was never locked so I had always walked right in and did so; their house always had a faint small of lilacs something I'm sure that I would never forget. I found Jocelyn in her room watching T.V. with a tan tank top on and a pair of boxers that always seemed small on her because they were worn low around her waist, something that she normally wears to bed. She smiled as I walked into her room and sat down next to her on the bed.

"Hey there Jimmy, you're early." She said while turning to give me a hug. 

I tried to not look down her tank top but I don't have much self control and ended up looking anyhow. She, as I guessed, wasn't wearing anything under that tank top and I could see her small breasts with ease.

"It's good to see you again Joce, I've missed you." I said as she pulls away.

"Yeah it is good to see you too; it's been to long if you ask me. Though I do wish you came a little later I haven't even taken my shower yet." She said while standing up.

"I should have known better, you were always a late sleeper." I said while eyeing her long shapely legs.

She glances back at me and grins. "Quit checking out my ass and help me find a towel."

I laughed and got up and started looking around her room for a towel, while making a mental note to be less obvious while checking her out. She found it on the far side of her room, and walked back over to me and gave me a second hug and thanked me for helping her look.

"I'm going to go and take a shower now, make yourself at home and watch some T.V. of something. I shouldn't be too long." She slipped into her bathroom leaving me in her room alone.

After all these years we have been together it is a wonder that we never hooked up, I always thought it was something I did or said. But then again I was always happy to have her as a friend. I looked through her DVD collection and found an anime I had yet to see and popped it into the DVD player. It was an older movie that was full of sex and violence, two of my favorite things. I watched the movie for about twenty minutes then Jocelyn came out of the bathroom in just a towel and sat beside me and started to watch the movie as well.

"Boy it figure's you would pick this to watch." She said with a smile.

"Well you know me Joce, sex and violence all the way." I said with a wicked grin.

Just then one of the better sex scenes came on with a brother and a sister having hardcore sex in the basement of the giant city smashing robot plant they were in. I didn't notice at first but Jocelyn's hand had disappeared under her towel and was now between her legs, and she was panting lightly. I could feel my own tool start to swell up at just the thought of what she was doing. Still shocked but pleasantly surprised at her actions I spoke, without even thinking.

"You know it's not fair that you're having all the fun here." I blurted out.

She just turned and looked at me with a smile and said. "Well, get into a towel."

I couldn't believe my ears and I sort of did a double take at her. Then I quickly rushed into her bathroom and stripped, slipped into a towel and went back into her room. Though to my disappointment the scene had already ended and her hands were in view again sitting on her lap. But knowing this type of flick there would be plenty more where that came from. 

We sat in silence and my hard on had already softened by the time the second sex scene came on. This time it was one of the giant robot pilots and the sister from the earlier scene inside the cockpit of the robot itself. Again I glanced over to see her playing with her self again, this time she was also lightly rubbing her breasts as she did so. My cock once again stood at attention and I slipped my hand under my towel and started to rub one off. I didn't see Jocelyn looking at me till I felt her hand on my thigh.

She put her finger to my lips as I was about to speak then she leaned in and started kissing me deeply our tongues darting into each others mouth. She then slipped her hand under my towel and took my cock lightly into her hands and started moving it up and down. I let out a soft moan and kissed her deeper as I started to fondle her small breasts through her towel. She sighed with delight and reached up with her free hand and removed her towel letting it fall from her shoulders revealing her perfect soft breasts and light pink nipples. I couldn't help myself and I leaned in and took one of her breasts into my mouth while my hand pinched and moved in circles around her other.

"Oh... Jimmy... Yes... More..." She moaned between breaths

I moved to her other breast and did the same while playing with her nipple with my free hand. The sounds that came from her proved that I was doing the right thing. Her hand moved on my cock quicker now and from time to time she would play with my balls. Suddenly she pulled away and stood up in front of me and let the towel fall from her waist giving me a full view of her splendid body and trimmed mound. I leaned over and placed a soft kiss on her stomach and left a trail of them down to her mound. She sighed and closed her eyes and leaned her head back sweat now mixing with the water still left from her shower. I slipped my tongue into her folds and took in her sweet smell while probing her. 

She bend over suddenly and placed her hands on my back and started to rake her nails down it, then she started quivering and let out a load moan as she filled my mouth with her juices. I pulled away after a few more licks and she looked down at me and smiled then lowered herself down to my cock and took it into her mouth. Let me tell you it was like I had died and gone to heaven when her soft lips made contact with my swollen member and stiffened up a bit on the couch. She started to bob her head up and down on my cock while I played with her hair and rubbed her back. Then she stood up again and startled me and kissed me deeply and whispered sweetly "I love you James." as she slowly lowered herself onto me. 

I had never expected to hear those words ever come out of her mouth, but hearing them for the first time, it sounded natural, as if those words were just for me and me only. She started to move up and down on me slowly for a time then started to quicken the pace as she grew nearer to a second orgasm. She howled like banshee when she came again and started to pound me even harder, her slender ass slapping on my thighs. I reached out for her and helped her off of me; she gave me a sort of pouting look until I bend her over the couch and entered her from behind. I started off slowly but that didn't last long and I was soon slamming into her, her ass jiggling as I pounded away. Then with a growl I quickly pulled out and shot my load onto her ass and crumpled onto of her. 

We lay there, that way, for the rest of the night and cuddled. The next morning her parents came home so we spent much of the day with them talking about school and our futures. To sum things up, Jocelyn is almost finished school and she is looking to get a place of her own. She asked me if I would move in with her and being that we reached a new level in our relationship. I thought this to be a great idea and as you guess jumped at the chance. Who knows perhaps something between she and I will grow into something greater then what we already have together. But I'll have to save that story for another day.

(Note: I'd like to thank OmegaZone for editing this story - perhaps the best editor I have yet to meet.)