 I don't remember all the details of the first time I got up the courage to ask Tee to let me put myself between her breasts, but I do know that after that time it's been my favorite way to make love with her. It's probable we were drunk, or at least I probably was - removing the inhibition of moving towards something like that after years of straight up sex needed something to push it forward.

Not that I hadn't always been partial to her breasts, burying my face in them whenever I had the chance, before sex, after sex, in the early hours of the morning when it was still dark outside, in a private moment sitting in the living room - it was all good. Her usual outfit showed ample cleavage, with often a stretch bra that slightly pushed her tits together, a smooth rounded crevasse smoothly shadowed at the top, more so as the breasts closed in on each other further down, to be finally lost in dream and darkness at the joint of whatever strip of clothing finally cinched the band and pulled them tight together.

I would watch her whenever she moved to see what they would do, how they would catch the light, how large they would look in profile or, bending down, and what her body would look like with these amazing soft boobs stretching against the fabric of her top with a view to her belly button. Sometimes a bump or two would show in shadow as her hardened nipples brushed against some thin fabric, stretched and holding back the downward push of her breasts.

It was this fabric and the partially clothed, bulging tops of her mounds that drove me to start thinking that this was the moment to lay the groundwork for what I had often imagined. I had been instantly excited when I had seen a messy tittyfuck in a porno years before, with a man standing before a seated woman. He took off her blouse and she sat before him only in a push up bra and panties. He proceeded to pull his full cock out inches from her face. I think in the scene she may have had her hands tied behind her, because she took him in her mouth only by leaning forward, causing her tits to pull against the bra she was wearing and push out with her arms behind her. After becoming stiff and hard from the sucking and bobbing of her head, with a seemingly insignificant motion he quickly knelt and then pushed his cock in between her tits, under her bra strap.

This was something that I had not really ever imagined, so it was a little shocking...and unbelievably arousing. I watched and came to that scene a number of times, letting the instinct of what I desired take control of the logic and reason that would have guided me to be satisfied only with a more 'traditional' lovemaking. In my imagination and masturbation, I was almost always fucking Tees beautiful tits. In my real life, I fucked like a bunny, but a traditional bunny. Not unhappily mind you, but not as completely satisfied as I knew I might be.

Which leads us to the day it did happen and the first of many, though never enough, breast experiences. 'The day' was in fact the evening, and the woman was Tee, a dusky ethnic beauty with lustrous black hair and a full figure, not big or heavy, but full in the way that pushes on fabric with shape and curve. Her breasts were ample but not overly large, which incidentally over the years I am happy to say have filled out to where they are now perfect sized for my favorite activity (of course should heaven perform a miracle and a cup size or two larger added, I would not be overly upset about it).

We had been drinking, as I mentioned earlier, so talk was loose and light, and it was getting late after a long day of work or beach or, well I really don't recall. Something about how she was moving and the way her stretch bra pushed against the little yellow top she was wearing made me twinge, I could definitely feel a physical yearning somewhere between my rib cage and groin. I will have to chalk that up to base instinct, where logic and reason take a step back and the primal self moves into the foreground. And my primal self wanted to be sliding my cock between those tits.

As we chatted out on the deck my mind was split, one part handling a reasonable discussion of politics while the other worked at how to get Tee into the position I so wanted her in. I'm not sure at what point they intersected, but my conversation and desire met with my asking at a particularly animated moment "Let's get inside where I can put myself between you". I'm sure that made no sense to her then, or maybe it did, but I do remember looking at her lovely brown eyes, then lips, chin, neck, then the warm and shadowed V of her cleavage, a slight red trim of bra visible above the yellow stretch of the shirt.

We were lying in bed before I really knew what had happened. I'm pretty sure my heart was pounding all the way from the deck to the bed, my brain swimming from lack of oxygen with most of my circulation feeding a remarkably stiff cock. The most erotic position I'd seen for tit fucking was to be on top of the woman while she holds her breasts and wraps them around your cock, and it was this idea that was driving me to distraction as Tee slipped off her underwear. I kissed her long as my body twitched internally with the anticipation of what I was hopefully about to make happen with this beautiful and buxom woman.

"Wait a minute" she said, then sat up and rummaged thru the drawer of the nightstand. I looked at the outline of the strap of her stretch bra as it molded her skin on her back, imagining the feel of sliding my hands underneath it and it tightly pushing back. Reaching up, I touched the outline thru the yellow shirt, slowly drawing my hand down her back.

"It's in here somewhere. Ah!" She held up a small bottle of lube, then tossed it to me. As I reached up to catch it, with one swift moment she pulled her shirt up over her head and it was off. Her chest lay framed by a stretched soft red bra, the rise and fall of her cleavage accentuated by the soft light of the room lamp. Staring wantonly at those amazing breasts, I popped the cap on the lube, squirted too much on my fingertips, and quickly put my hand between her legs.

"Lay down for a bit, Hon" I said, and proceeded to plant my free hand squarely on her cleavage, and push her back sternly onto the bed pillows.

"Wha? Hey!" Tee said, I think genuinely surprised. Whatever shock she might have had was gone quickly enough, as I proceeded to give her a very thorough rubbing and hand job, finishing by putting the fingers of my other hand inside her as she came. She shuddered delightfully several times, then lay still as I continued to slowly rub near her clitoris, my hand slowly pressing into her bush and thighs. We spent several minutes like this, she thinking whatever it is women think of after orgasm, maybe romance, or shoes, or shopping. Me, I was electrified anticipating what was going to happen next, if I could follow thru on my desires. I had just brought Tee to a great orgasm; it was only right in my haze of instinct that I should have the same opportunity. 

I kissed her softly on the cheek, then again on the chin.

"Mmmm" she signed. I think I had interrupted her from another place. "Do you want to be inside me?" she said, eyes still closed. It was the moment, and I knew it.

"Yes, between you" I said, and slowly got up from beside her. She lay there, flat on the bed, no panties and only her red stretch bra on. It held her breasts from the side, slightly flattening them out in the middle and so pushing them up and out, creating an even larger gap of cleavage. Her eyes were closed, her lids quiet and peaceful. I gazed on her, awed by her beauty and anxiously desiring to move on what I had always wanted to try.

I slowly moved my leg over her stomach and hovered on my knees, my cock jutting out straight in front of me. Her eyes were closed still, whether she know what I was doing I didn't know, but the thought that I was seconds away from fucking her breasts made me lightheaded again, and my cock got stiffer and gave a little jump. I reached down and put one hand softly on each breast, feeling their heaviness as I pushed slightly on the sides and watched her cleavage gather and expand near the fabric top of the bra. The thought of slipping my cock under the bra and into her tits was unnervingly arousing.

I took a deep breath, trying not to shudder. While one hand remained on her full breast, my other slowly slid across and down the other breast. My thumb lifted the underside of her bra, and my other thumb slid down just enough to slide into the tight spot between her tits, slowly squeezing both and so making a space there between the softness of her boobs. I eased my cock forward and guided it into the spot under the bra I had made, slowly moving ahead as I felt and saw what had been indescribable before then, and just as indescribable after.

My cock pushed slowly into her cleavage, held down by the elastic of the red bra. As it moved further up, her tits slowly swelled on each side showing the progress of my member on his journey. The fabric of the bra tightened as well, being pushed on from the inside out, and my cock added more pressure and volume the further it pushed in and up. My cock head emerged slowly thru a curtain of soft flesh, and as I continued to push the front of my groin pushed on her tits, swelling them up and out and showing even more of my shaft. I stopped when I had pushed to the point where my cock was straining against the push of her tits in the bra, and my balls were delightfully crushed against her chest. Both my hands were busy, slowly pushing on the sides of her tits, making them swell even more. 

"Um, hello?" I heard somewhere in the distance. "Having fun?"

"Uh, yeah, uh. Yeah." I stayed where I was, feeling the pressure of her tits on my cock and watching them seem to struggle against the bra with each of her breaths. My cock was pointing at and almost touching her chin.

"It's not very comfortable. Can you back up a little bit?"

I waited a millisecond, just to remember the moment. I slowly eased back, watching my cock move back into the folds of her breasts, stopping with a good 4" still inside her cleavage.

"Mmm, better. What are you up to up there?" she asked, playfully.

"Fucking your breasts" I answered, playfully as I could.

"Oh." She breathed a few times, my cock still buried in her tits. "OK"

My heart raced at the prospect in front of me. I slowly eased back in and watched the cock head reappear thru the folds of her ample tits as I held them on the sides, then gently pushed them in to cover the head again. The fabric of the bra stretched on her tits as I moved and pushed, swelling and stretching with each slow stroke and knead I gave them. With each push in, I could feel the tightening of my balls as they pushed against the lower part of her breasts, and I imagined them being swallowed up by her cleavage along with my shaft, the feeling was so intense.

Tee to this point had been lying quietly, perhaps wondering what was going thru my mind, or maybe worried I would come all over her hair, I really didn't know or have the capacity to think about it just then. I was concerned that she not be at least be uncomfortable with this, especially as for me it was one of the most intense moments I had ever experienced. She was giving me a very wonderful gift and I did not want to disrespect her in any way.

My concerns, what they were, were ended when she reached up and pulled her stretch bra to the side of each breast, showing her hardened and dark red nipples. Grabbing the fabric, she held it tight to each side of her breast and pushed in at the same time, squeezing my cock even harder. I massaged the tops of her breasts and pulled softly on her nipples as I continued to move in and out of her cleavage, slowly fucking her tits while she pushed them onto my cock.

She must have known I was getting ready, as she pushed harder, and then began to move her hands and mash her tits onto my cock. Her nipples stretched against the stress, and my cock moved in and out at steady pace, each time thrusting a little harder into her cleavage, my balls pushing a little tighter against her tits. I was watching her lips as I pushed, in my excitement my cock pushing further towards her with each thrust. If she were to open her mouth, I am sure I would have come instantly, to see her tongue would have finished me off right then. She held her tits against my cock, moving in time to my rhythm, clutching the fabric of the bra, mouth and eyes closed, but knowing that I was ready to come.

It would have been easy enough to have pushed my cock up hard against her tits, using them as a launching 

pad on the last thrust and blown my load all over those lips and face and hair, and it would have been a sweet thing to see, cum running down every which way, maybe even getting into her mouth. But I was lucid enough to know that titfucking Tee was not going to happen all the time, and if I got off in her face and hair the first time, it would likely happen even less. So when the moment came, I did push my cock deep into her cleavage, crushing my balls against her tits, and grabbed her hands, pushing her boobs onto my cock even harder. I didn't aim up, but my cock head was inches from her chin so when I did shoot my load, and it was more than I knew I had in me, it squarely hit her under the chin, running down her neck on each side, and making a small puddle of cum at the base of her neck as well.

I thrust until there was no more cum to shoot, my head swimming with an orgasm unlike any other I had experienced to that point in my life. I looked down to see that I had not come on her tits at all, everything had been spent on her chin and neck, and while I was slightly disappointed, I knew there would be other opportunities. Tee was laying back, relaxed, her chin and neck shiny with cum. While not visibly aroused, she didn't seem to mind either, which gave me hope of more titfucking in the future, and hopefully soon.

I slowly backed my cock out of her cleavage, watching her tits wiggle when my tool popped out of its spot under the stretch bra. She pulled the fabric back over her beautiful nipples and breathed a heavy breath.

"All done?" She smiled.

"Yep. That was really...that was something." I sighed. "I love you. That was really...something."

"Get me a towel. You better not have got cum in my hair!"