 My favorite position is seeing any part of myself touching Tee while we make love. My hands on her shoulders, my knee on her thigh, my cock sliding slowly on the back of her lace-pantied ass, or best of all resting happily in her ample cleavage. I guess because of the association of intense feelings and friction of my penis during most of these activities, it's understandable why it is so arousing when I have it anywhere near her, or touching her. Having it pushed into her mouth is something I think about more than I probably should. 

Often enough, she is not really in the mood for straight sex, or sex at all perhaps. We've been together for long enough to know each others cues, and I know when she's not wanting any (which seems to be much of the time) just like she knows when I am wanting some, which is at least of an inverse proportion. Either way, her awareness of my interest does not get me any great distance further to the amount I would hope for, but what else is new in the history of mankind? After an especially arousing encounter, I'll be consumed with desire for a week after, but instead of pushing my cock thru those lush soft tits again the next day, I am sadly reduced to reading porn and rubbing one out to some random paizuri video to keep my brain screwed into place for the rest of the week.

So, as I said I prefer to enjoy our intimate time together in more visual pursuits. Working from foreplay, nuzzling Tee's tits in my face, stroking her ass, we can pretty quickly move to her sitting up and pulling a small vibrator from her drawer. She has two - there's the little gem that's the size of a lipstick holder in the bedside table, very convenient and versatile. Then there's the more substantial friend up in the closet, more moving parts and larger; I have not compared directly but seems to be about my size. My read is that grabbing the little one is a nod to the fact that she may not want me inside her for whatever reason, or that she needs some additional stimulation, or that this is her way of absorbing the moment to satisfy what she needs, all of which are fine with me. I'm just charged up with anticipation to be moving towards some yet to be determined intimacy.

My first choice if she is so inclined: Going down on her. It is exceptionally erotic and her taste is, well, exquisite. It's a cliche sure, but when my tongue and lips work their way from her thighs or navel to be finally on her, the kissing, pushing, and rubbing her with my fingers at the same time release her inner fragrance and I start to salivate. Profusely. 

Any panties that may have been on earlier come off her quick enough, and with the itty-bitty vibrator just slightly in my way, I am kissing and nipping with my tongue on the non-occupied side of her clit - rubbing faster on her lips and occasionally pushing my fingers into her, with a gasp or a moan that makes me go yet faster. My free hand reaches under her top to slowly knead her voluptuous breast, and I circle her nipple with my finger. Keeping my fingers on this lovely moment, I stretch my thumb to pull in the other breast to its mate, and I handle both of her beauties with a single hand, fingers and thumb planted firmly on the nipples. When I pull down slightly I feel their fullness in my hand, then pushing in slightly I feel them spread beneath my touch, the edges of the breast swelling up to nudge my fingers from the sides with their expanding flesh. 

I am hard, and laying face down on the bed my member pushes into the mattress and covers. I move my fingers up and down her pussy, speeding up over the minutes, rubbing on her full and flush and slick, my tongue digging softly into her clitoris. The vibrator may have been discarded by this point to some random place in the covers, or if Tee's feeling the need it is still an active participant. I put my fingers in my mouth, pushing out some generous spit, then push back into her warmth with my fingertips, slippery with new wetness. Faster, faster, more moaning, I am hard and focused on her pleasure, my lips brushing her pussy and lips. My mouth and cheeks are getting wetter while I mouth her and stroke my fingers like mad, moving up and down her at a pretissimo pace, my tongue keeping contact with the tiny head of her clit the whole time. I know her moans and shivers, and when it's time, I go even faster, locking my lips on her whole pussy, tongue pushing into her vagina, fingers crazily stroking and her body tensing while I pinch a nipple lightly, tugging it slowly and pushing the heel of my hand into the side of her breast.

Tee has a wracking, shuddering release, and I press my face into her, closing my eyes and breathing her orgasm into me. My hand has completely wrapped around her breast, pushing the expanding the flesh between my fingers slightly at first then more as I press into it - this is for me the most erotic moment of the whole act, feeling her nipple hardened on the face of my palm, the curve of her high breast pushing against my fingertips, and her body softly tensing and relaxing as the orgasm works thru her body.

In the times when she pleasures herself and I watch, she always continues to rub her soft lips after she comes, so I do the same now, gently touching her. It's still slick, the sides of her pussy, wetted by my tongue and slippery and warm, my fingers rest easily on her as I pull away my face and rest it on her thigh. I enjoy this all so much, I cannot fathom how she doesn't take advantage of the fact that I would gladly do this to/for her everyday for the rest of my life with no questions asked. I certainly would take her up on a reciprocal arrangement.

As Tee breathes softly, I watch her body, her stomach and breasts slightly rising with each breath, and eye her bush with a renewed acquaintance, running my fingers lightly on the top hairline. The moment stretches out for me, as I relax and start to imagine what possibilities there are over the next moments and minutes. She's satisfied, and relaxed. She's been worked over and then some, and me, as hard as I try to put it into terms that aren't vulgar, I've paid forward and now my body crackles like it's lit with electrical charges as I think about making something happen for a reciprocation. The license to do this is strangely affected by the act we just went thru, experiencing her body so intimately and thoroughly I believe frees me up to approach her with a greater freedom to explore my desire of her body. Translation: as I lay there I imagine all the things I would like to experience with her and the odds of my going thru with it increase mightily.

I sit up and look at her, she's laying very still and relaxed. The vibrator is nowhere to be seen, and her panties are flung off to the far side of the bed. She's wearing a black nighty top, somewhat stretchy with spaghetti straps. It has a slight sheen to it that accentuates her nipples, and I can see the faintest outline of her areolae as they shadow and disrupt the shimmer of the draping fabric. The nighty does not have much hold from side to side, and her breasts lay flat on her chest with a not very pronounced swell at the tops. I love to see the swell of her tits when they push together in a tighter top or with my hands creating the moment, but it's enough to see her now with her breasts resting and available to me, her eyes closed. My imagination is wildly trying to cooperate with the anticipation building in my chest and groin, but overall the mashup is creating a primal urge that is confusing and overwhelmingly arousing.

Her eyes still closed, I move up towards her face and lips, and position my cock head inches from Tee's mouth. Stroking her hair slowly, the sight of me so close to her lips is fantastic and I get harder. I bring my fingers down and touch her cheek, and then brush her lips. She still does not move or open her eyes as I slowly and gently push my finger thru her lips and slightly touch her tongue. Tee responds by opening her lips slightly, breathing out warmth onto my fingers. At this point it becomes too much for me and I slowly ease forward and put my tip on her lips, with my finger still touching the inside of her lips and tongue. I have no idea if she knows my cock is on her lips, but she turns her head slightly as I slowly push it in between her lips and her mouth opens more as it penetrates over her tongue, my fingers slipping into her mouth as well to pull on her cheek, accentuating the size of my cock. It's so erotic that I keep pushing into her mouth, feeling her lips around my cock as it continues to ease in farther, farther.

I am filled with a desire to push it in to the point that she might gag on it, to hear a muffled gasp or garbled exclamation, but the moment is soft and even, and it seems to me even in the excitement that would be too far, perhaps something for a more adventurous time. So slowing down, I let it rest in her mouth, then begin to slowly pull it out, but angling it to push on the inside of her cheek. Her cheek bulges from my cock as I watch her eyes still closed, relaxed. I pull it tighter and it pops out from the edge of her mouth, my fingers pressed against her jaw now, rubbing the smooth skin there gently. I use my cock on her mouth again, guiding it in the same way as before, just as deep, and pulling it out with the same swell against her inside cheek before popping out. At this point, I have no interest in doing anything but this for the foreseeable future, maybe even into tomorrow. It is loose and warm until it hits the resistance of her cheek, then there's a final gratifying flick as it whips out of her mouth to stand erect next to her lips.

I can't seem to stop doing it but know that at some point she'll tire of the repetition. So I slowly push in and slightly pull out of her warm mouth as her lips tighten around my shaft, proceeding to gently face fuck her, my hand beginning to explore her breasts from above. A slight moan escapes her lips as I slip my hand under the fabric of her top and cradle the side of her large breast. Pulling it towards me, her lovely mound gathers to its twin sister and a deep cleavage starts to form, and with another generous squeeze I slip my thumb in between her tits, rubbing back and forth with the same speed as my cock in her mouth. A moan now escapes my throat, as I watch my cock pushing into her lips and mouth, and Tee begins to suck harder on the shaft each time it pulls away. My grip on her chest increases, and I use my free hand to slide down the top over both of her large breasts, the fabric held in place by the jutting bottom of her tits and my hands encircling them, squeezing them, pushing them together to create an even larger valley of cleavage. I continue to slide my thumb thru the center of this incredible scene, each time pushing in with it and watching the flesh gorgeously bulging against my hand and rounding the tops of her breasts towards her chin.

My cock is moving faster now without my really willing it, but seeing her ample flesh in my hands and big cock in her mouth is taking over my reason, and all I want is Tee to keep using her mouth to fuck me while I grab at her big tits.

Somewhere distant I am aware of a pushing, pushing desire to spill my load all over her face. I can imagine it but it is unclear, my mind so consumed with watching her suck my cock as I push it in her mouth ever faster. Coming in her mouth is less an option since I get the feeling she does not like it all that much, and anyhow I like to see my cum on her whenever possible. On the face though is a different thing, it's a messy thing and gets in hair and eyes and (hopefully) mouth too - it seems a big step beyond a cumshot on her body or her tits, but maybe it's just a line that needs to be crossed. Someday perhaps, but this day I am not going to shoot my cum on her face as much as I might want to see it happen. I am consumed with lust watching my cock pump her mouth and lips, but I can still keep a semblance of control as I knead her tits even harder.

When her hands move down to touch her pussy, my excitement ratchets up immediately and I cannot hold anything back. Taking one last grasp of her big boobs, I pull them up and towards her chin, nipples peeking thru between my thumb and forefinger on each one, and I push them together until their little pink ends are almost touching, the areolae stretching out obscenely under my fingers. My cock is pressing against her inner cheek now each time I push in, and she valiantly sucking harder to keep me from popping out of her mouth. My body feels like all my electrical impulses have gone completely haywire, my thrusting is more sporadic as I try to coordinate the rhythm of getting blown and handling Tees big orbs at the same time. I look at my hands on her tits, squeezing them into a deep lasting cleavage, my fingers pushing her nipples together. My thumb slides again into the warm flesh, and just below me Tee's cheek juts out with a gratuitous bulge where my the tip of my cock pushes in hard. I want to come on her face, on her tits, in her mouth.

In the instant when everything begins to darken and blur, I pull one hand from her chest to grab my cock and with the other spread its reach, roughly pulling on the adjacent nipple and squishing the two breasts together into a single soft mound of stretched flesh under my grasping hand, tits bulging underneath the pressure. I pull on my cock and the bulge in her cheek travels up and pops out of the corner of her mouth just as the first rope of cum shoots from my cock, out past her lips and onto the bed somewhere. I push the shaft onto her lips so the head still points out and away, and before the second shot ejaculates, pull back the smallest amount so my cockhead is just touching the edge of her lips. I want to have my cum on her lips, even a little to see it glisten there on that red soft gorgeous mouth, there is nothing else in the world I want more at that moment. My hand pulls her breasts together even tighter as my second shot comes out, a smear of cum suddenly showing across her cheek halfway to her earlobe with the rest moving away, lost somewhere out past her on the sheets again. Looking down and seeing that cumshot on her face, I moan and finish pumping out my load with my hand pushing my shaft down on her lips, and my cum roping in spurts out over the sheets, projected with too much excitement to merely dribble down on lips or chin.

The instant of the moment stretched on gratifyingly, my clutching Tees big tits in a handful of warm soft flesh, gazing at her cum streaked cheek, and pumping out more semen than I'd had in a long time. When I had no more to spend, I kept my cock against her lips and watched her closed eyes, the cum on her cheek and the way my hand formed her tits into a plush and luscious mound. The last thing I wanted to do was to move and disturb this beautiful moment, but as all things must inevitably shift and change, so I slowly did pull my cock away from her lips, and slowly released my grip on the twins. I propped up next to her and gazed at the cum on her cheek for a while; I don't recollect when she wiped it off finally, but I do know I stopped her once or twice while I looked at it, convinced I could remember it in my minds eye forever.

I still stir thinking about the cum splash on her cheek, and because of my studious nature for this particular moment, it is still as clear now as it was after I lay there spent and recovering from an overwhelming orgasm. In retrospect, and as a fantasy addition to this memory, I cannot think why I did not take the opportunity to open Tees lips up again with my fingers and slide myself back in her mouth to suck me after I came. The thought of it is making me warm right now. She was willing I'm sure at the time, and it's something that I would have her do one day, and god willing will happen yet...soon.