 They met at their designated spot and quickly embraced. They held each other close, gazing into each other's eyes. Their lips joined and their tongues became entwined in a passionate kiss. As their passion rose, their hands began to roam.

His hand cradled her face and kept it turned towards his mouth as her hands wrapped around his neck. He moved his hand down the front of her to her waist. From there he pulled her shirt up and reached up to her soft bare breasts. His warm tender hands held her breasts and massaged them gently. She moved her hands up through his hair and softly down his back.

His kisses moved to her cheek, by her ear and down her neck. She turned her head allowing him to explore freely over her bare neck. She caressed his back and brought her hands down towards his waist. Her hands moved behind him and pulled him towards her while rubbing his ass. 

He began to bite at her neck which made her squirm in excitement. He moved his mouth down her front to her inviting breasts. His tongue's magic touch hardened her nipples to attention. His hands made their way down towards her waist.

She at this time, had brought her hands around to the front of his pants. She moved quickly to release his member. As she touched his soft skin, it became clear that he was hard and ready to take her. She used her hands to caress him enjoying the feel of his hot flesh. 

He grabbed her leg and lifted it up over his leg that he bent to help support it. Her skirt was up and out of the way and he took her firmly in his arms closer to him. He used his free hand to position his dick for direct entry of her waiting wet cunt. He pushed himself forward and into her. She gasped in pleasure and he began to kiss her deeply again. They each had an arm around each other to keep each other close. He used his other hand to keep her leg up. She rocked herself towards him with his every thrust. The warm tight wetness enveloped his member entirely. She moved her free hand towards herself and found her clit. She rub it frantically as they fucked. Their wet kisses were so involved they couldn't separate. All they could do was groan. 

She parted lips just enough to say she was going to cum. This made him fuck her harder and faster. She whispered that she was going to cum again. Her body tensed. She moaned and her body wriggled in pleasure as her head began to spin. He just kept going and she grabbed his neck and began to frantically kiss and lick him wherever her lips touched his body. She licked his ears and sucked on his neck and their lips joined again. She wasn't sure if she could take more. She had reached a high and was totally oblivious to anything around her except his forceful thrusts entering her rhythmically. 

Just then his body tensed and he grabbed her tightly and closely. She wrapped her arms around him only to find that her body began to reach orgasm again. Together they came. His member stayed in her as she felt his wetness begin to drip down. He stepped back to release himself from her wet grip. They moved closer again and just held each other.