 We’re neighbours in the same condo complex.  There is an almost-palpable attraction between us.  The air practically ignites with the electricity between us.  

I’m in the laundry room, putting my clothes in the dryer when you enter.  I do not see you enter but my body begins to tingle, telling me you’re near.  Heat pools between my legs at the sound of your hello.  You put your laundry basket on the table in the middle of the room.  I close the door on the dryer and start it.  I turn around and return the greeting.  

You approach me, moving stealthily like a panther stalking its prey.  My first instinct is to run; this attraction between us is almost too intense for me to handle.  Instead, I lean back against the dryer, as though I haven’t a care in the world.  

You reach where I am standing and put one arm on either side of my body.  You’re not even touching me yet my panties are growing damp and my heart is pounding in my chest.  You reach out and run your index finger along my collarbone.  

You ask if I’m all right as you slide your finger from my collarbone to the top of my chest.  I tell you I’m fine as your finger traces the top of my tank top.  My breath hitches as you lean forward and run your tongue over the top of my chest.  

I tighten my grip on the dryer as you cup my breasts and slide your thumbs over the budded peaks of my nipples.  You force your well-toned thigh between my legs and rub it against my sensitive mound.  

You lower your mouth and take one of my nipples into your mouth and suckle me through my cotton tank top.  

You slide one hand down my tummy into my panties and stroke my damp curls.  I gasp as you thrust two fingers inside my hot, tight channel.  You take my other nipple into your mouth as you vigorously continue your sensual assault on my pussy.  You rub your thumb over my clit and it’s not long before I cum.  

As a scream erupts from my throat, you cover my mouth with yours in a hard kiss.  You slip your hand from my panties and pull away slowly as I begin to calm down.  

I’m embarrassed by the act of intimacy that we’ve just shared.  I pull my clothes out of the dryer, throw them in my basket and hurry from the room.  That night as I lie in bed, I can’t get the experience out of my head.  

A couple of evenings later, I’m just putting my blazer in the closet when there’s a knock on my door.  You’re standing there, looking good enough to eat in your ass-hugging jeans and white shirt.  

Heat floods my body as I remember our last encounter.  You hand me an envelope and tell me that the mailman had accidentally placed it in your mailbox.  I thank you and invite you in for a cold beer.  You accept my invitation and come into the apartment.  

I head to the kitchen to get the beers.  I am so aware of your presence.  You follow me into the kitchen and I grab a couple of beers.  After removing the caps, I hand you one.  

You thank me and take a long pull from the bottle.  I can’t take my eyes of your mouth.  You have the most kissable lips.  I nervously take a sip of my beer.  Suddenly the spacious kitchen seems extremely small.  I take a step towards the doorway and you block my path.  You take the beer from my hand and place it on the counter next to yours.  

Before I fully understand what’s happening, you grab me and throw me against the wall.  

You kiss me hard, forcing your tongue deep into my mouth.  I feel your hands against my chest as you start to undo the buttons on my dress.  I grab you by the front of your shirt and push away from the wall.  I turn you around until your pinned against the wall.  

I thrust my tongue into your mouth, exploring your mouth.  I roughly undo the buttons on your shirt, subconsciously aware of buttons hitting the floor.  I yank your shirt from your body as I continue to engage you in the most drugging kiss I’ve ever experienced.  

You take control and turn us around, throwing me back against the wall.  You drag my dress off my body, leaving me clad in a white lace bra and G-string panties.  I take control again, turning us around as I begin to undo the snap and fly of your jeans.  I drag them off your body, along with your briefs.  

You step out of them as you unhook my bra and take it off, our mouths still locked in a fiery kiss.  You bite my lower lip and I moan.  You back me up until my knees hit the table.  

As you lay me on the table, you undo the strings on my panties, letting them fall to the floor.  You enter me in one hard thrust and I wrap my legs around your waist.  You lie your body on top of mine, changing the angle of your thrusts.  

You grab my ass, lifting me so I can better meet your pace.  I rake my nails along your back, as I get closer to cumming.  You break away from our kiss and take one of my hard nipples into your mouth.  You lightly abrade it with you teeth before flicking it with your tongue.  

I cum hard as you do the same to my other nipple.  Your body tenses as you shoot your hot juices into my body.  We collapse against each other.  We stay like that until you slip from my body.  

As you get ready to leave later on that evening, I confirm your apartment number, just in case I ever need to borrow a cup of sugar or drop off a piece of mail.