 **This story is for all the wonderful people who wrote me and told me they liked my work. Once again I am sorry that the sex isn't instantaneous but I have always thought that the buildup was the best part of sex. Enjoy**

I watched as my hand rose slowly, preparing to knock on the wooden door before me. The knock when it came was slight and wouldn't have been heard in loud conditions. Fortunately, or unfortunately, to me, the occupant inside heard it. I heard a brisk "It's open" before the door was opened from the inside. 

Standing before me was the man of my fantasies for the last four years. He hadn't changed since I'd last seen him but I hadn't really expected him to.

His hair was still strawberry blonde and receding attractively in the front. His usually clean-shaven face was the only change to his person. Now a beard was trying to push through, giving him the appearance of a 5 o'clock shadow many hours before. His body wasn't the typical dream man's but my taste has never been typical. He was round yet his body gave the appearance of muscle underneath the layers of fat. At 6'5, he towered over the people around him yet he didn't use his height to intimidate people. He could have been your hometown football hear years after scoring his last touchdown. He was in his late 30s yet he exuded a youthful demeanor. He always claimed being around kids kept him young.

I didn't know how I was going to get through the semester if I had to be near him for 3 hours straight a week. 

"Hey girl. How was summer vacation?" His deep southern accent sent shivers down my spine.

"Good, Jared, and you?" I asked disgusted to hear just how breathy my voice sounded.

"It was good. I went to ---" As he prattled on all I could do was stare at him. I knew it was wrong to lust after someone who was 10 years older than me but also my professor, a person I respected as well as liked. Yet I couldn't make myself look away. 

As I watched his lips move I could imagine them sliding across mine, pressing against mine, causing my lips to part, allowing his tongue to seek the wetness of my mouth. I could imagine him kissing my neck, the center of my cleavage before puling each--

"Are you ok, Sophie? You look like you could use some water?"

I blushed as I snapped out of my dream. Oh, my goodness, I have got to get a grip I thought.

"Sorry Professor. Yeah, I'm fine, its just been a long day," I smiled slightly hoping hw wouldn't notice how my body was betraying me. 

"Come in. I'm acting like a jackass here leaving you out in the hallway," he turned and allowed me to enter his office. "Now what can I help you with?"

He stared at me with those gorgeous brown eyes of his that said he saw more than I wanted him to.

"Uh, oh, yeah, um I was wondering about hotel finance. I heard it was rather hard and just wanted to see if should wait and take it later. You know, so I could have more time to spend with it."

"Well, its not bowling 101 but I don't consider it as hard as physics either. I'm teaching it so it can't be that bad right?"

You have no idea, I thought.

"I was able to pass this same class with a C at UGA so I know you will get an A."

I smiled pleased at his compliment. I was a brainac, always had been, and always would be. I was more comfortable in a classroom setting than the real world. Still the fact of the matter was, I knew I didn't want to have to sit through his class at all. Oh, well, perhaps my parents would understand if I decided to drop out of school a semester before graduation. Yeah right.

I looked up to see Jared had stopped talking. Great and here I was staring and drooling all over the male WHILE he was talking to me. What the hell was I going to do?

"Uh, sorry, Prof. I have a bit of a headache and can't seem to concentrate today. I've been spacey all damn day," I stammered trying unsuccessfully to make myself seem less like the douche that I actually was.

"Uhhuh, I see. Well, I hope you feel better. Yeah back to what you were saying. The class isn't heard but it does take concentration." And that something you don't seem to have right now, went left unsaid.

Once again I could feel the heat rising on my face. Great, great, great. Douche AND weird.

"Well, I guess I better get going. Need to get home and fix something for supper yet." Rising quickly I started for the door. Jared rose with me, always the perfect gentleman. However, for some reason, I've always wondered if you looked a little deeper, you would find the most dominant man in the world. Yeah, like I'd get that chance. 

"Thanks again for seeing me. I guess I'm just worried, this being my last semester and all. I don't want to ph...I mean, screw it up," I said blushing slightly. 

Jared just laughed. "Its fine. Come by anytime. My office is always open for you."

I smiled slightly and headed for the door, breathing a huge sigh of relief. Well I had lasted...7 minutes according to my watch before acting like a total dipweed. Why? Why me? Why did I always have to be the geek in every situation? One day I'd like to be the one who makes people tongue-tied. 

"Yeah, right. Like that's going to happen," I muttered to myself. Maybe if fat and smart ever came into style, which would never happen unless I could finish that alternate universe machine in my basement.

I laughed and it came out as a snort. I had a better chance at winning power ball than I had at Prof. Jared Moore finding me attractive.

Feeling incredibly depressed I headed to my car. Once inside I stared into space for a few seconds. I'd have to take his class or not graduate and that wasn't an option. I'd just have to find someway to keep my mind on school and off wondering if he wore boxers, briefs, or went commando. 

I groaned and dropped my head onto the steering wheel. "Great, think about the man naked. That will really keep you focused on school."

Just then a knock came on the window. Startled, I jerked my gaze upward only to find the man himself staring at me.

Quickly I cranked the car to put the window down. "Yes?" I asked hesitantly.

"You forgot this in my office and I wanted to make sure you got it. I didn't know if you would need it or not tomorrow." He held up a wire bound notebook that I used as a thought catcher.

"Shit. Uh---I mean, thanks. I didn't mean to leave it behind but my mind was on-"

"Supper. Yeah, I know," he said with a smirk.

"I would have been lost without it." And I wouldn't want anyone to read some of the things written in there, I added silently.

"No problem. I was leaving anyway and thought if I didn't catch you here, I'd swing by your place and drop it off."

"Uh, you wouldn't have had to do that. I mean, it just a notebook. I have plenty at home," I quickly explained.

"Oh, its absolutely no problem. I was on my way home like I said," he said smiling, leaning fully into the window.

There was something about that smile that made the hair stand up on the back of my neck. "Just out of curiosity, how did you know where I live?" I asked nonchalantly. 

"When I saw you had left your notebook, I looked you up in the database in my office. I was just going to mail it you, but I saw you lived only a block and a half from me so I figured I'd just drop it by there," he explained smoothly.

Still there was something about his expression that made me think there was more to what he said. It was almost as if he was .... flirting with me? Yeah and I'd suddenly grown a third nipple.

"Oh, well, thanks. You needn't gone to any trouble. As I said, its just a notebook," I grinned weakly, beginning to raise my window. " Well, Professor, I better be getting home. I have a lot of reading to get done."

"Sophie?"

"Yes?" I said glancing up at him quickly.

"Never mind. Have a great afternoon," Jared said dejectedly.

"Oh, ok. Bye."

"Bye."

Jared watched as the car slowly made its way out of the parking lot. Even after it had disappeared over the horizon, he continued to stare after it. For some reason, his mind failed to comprehend what had happened just a few minutes ago. As he sat in his office, in walked one of few women he had ever lusted after. He knew it was wrong yet there was something just so exciting about her. 

Sophie wasn't the conventional beauty that could be found around campus, but when he was around her, he couldn't stop staring at her. Her hair might have been brown to many of the men who gazed at her but Jared could see the red that twined in the strands. It made him curious to know if she was as fiery as the color itself. He loved looking at her face. Every emotion was shown clearly on her face yet at times he wasn't really sure what she was thinking when she looked up at him from her seat in his class. The hours he spent with her were a blessing and a curse. He wanted nothing more than to pull her from her seat and fuck her up against the wall and still he knew that wasn't possible. Plus he had heard through the grapevine that was the university that she was dating someone and it was serious. 

Shaking himself from his stupor, Jared headed to his car. Damn it was hot, he thought, and not just the heat. August in South Carolina was not a good time to stand around waiting on a heat stroke. However he couldn't seem to make his mind think of anything but Sophie. 

He could still see her, as she had been the first day of classes 4 years ago. She had walked into his class an introverted genius that hadn't really changed in the time he had known her. She still had the tendency to listen more than talk and she still seemed to know more than the rest of the idiots in his classes. Yet for some reason even then, he hadn't been able to keep his eyes off her. Even knowing she was a minor hadn't stopped him. 

Jared pulled from his parking space as he rethought the scene in his office. Now he knew why she had seemed so nervous. As he watched her stumble through her speech, he had known something was wrong but he couldn't put his finger on it. Then when he had found her notebook, it had all come clear. She wanted him just as much as he wanted her. Almost every page was filled with notes and stories about what she wanted to do to him and what she wanted him to do to her. While he flipped through her notebook after discovering she had left it, Jared got a good picture of what Sophie liked and didn't like. His cock had grown hard just reading the words she had written. Even now sitting in the oppressive heat of his truck he could recall the words from a particular story he's skimmed through.

I moaned loudly as Jared dropped to his knees and kissed my stomach. Embarrassed at the insignificant bulge there, I moved my body from his. He looked up with a question in his eyes. He moved me closer to him and went back to kissing my stomach. Slowly, softly, he drifted lower until his face was right above my cunt. He turned his eyes up to me and then lightly blew his hot breath again me. I moaned and jerked up to deepen the contact. I could hear myself begging him to touch me there, kiss me there, do anything to me there as long as he did it. Yet he just looked at me and grinned. He apparently wasn't going to travel at my speed. 

 Once again his mouth moved to the juncture of my thighs and his breath met my skin. I screamed lightly as his mouth descended to my clit and began to kiss it. Oh, god, I thought, I think I have died and gone to heaven. His tongue came out and slowly licked my clit lightly. 

 Arching my back, I pressed myself into his mouth. "Yes," I murmured. "Please.... Please--"

HONNNKKKKK!!! Pulled from his thoughts, Jared was able to quickly correct his truck from barreling into a vehicle in another lane. "SHIT. What is wrong with me?" he muttered to himself. "She is just a woman. They are a dime a dozen around here, man, so get a fucking grip."

Nevertheless in his mind he knew that she wasn't just any woman. She haunted his mind, especially now that he knew she wanted him with the same passion. Now all he had to do was figure out some way to keep his mind on the business at hand. That or you'll just have to fuck her, a voice deep in his mind said. 

"Like that's going to happen," he mumbled as he pulled into his driveway. She was way out of his league, even if she was a student. Not only could he lose his job if someone found out but he could also destroy any chance at happiness she could have. Not only did his university fire the teacher but they also found the student at fault. They could see that she be unable to find a good job. Jared wanted Sophie but not enough that he could hurt her. 

In spite of that, his mind couldn't stop the images of her as she stood in front of him this afternoon. Her hair had been down, making this one of the few times he had actually gotten to see it in all its beautiful glory. It fell to just above her waist like a lady of old. He could see himself on his knees behind her, his hand snarled in the locks as he shoved his cock in her cunt. She would beg him to take her harder, harder until he was driving so deep inside, he didn't know where he ended and she started. 

Jared groaned as the images continue to bombard him. He had always loved her lips, so full and soft looking. He wanted to taste her, wanted to lick her essence from her cunt and then slowly transfer it to her mouth. He wanted to kiss her, lick her body until she cried out with completion. He wanted to see her face as she came for him, came from his fingers fucking her deep. But most of all he wanted to watch as she lowered her cunt onto his cock.

He wondered if she took a while to get warmed up or if she came rapidly. Somehow he knew that if he touched her, she would become incredibly hot, incredibly fast. He wanted to make her hot and then watch her spontaneously combust all over him. He wondered if she was one of those women who wouldn't do anything unless you lead them to, and just the thought of him telling her to do something made him extremely hard. Moving his hand to his crotch, Jared massaged his cock through his pants. 

God, he needed to stop thinking about her. She could make his cock so damn hard. He questioned whether she knew just what he thought when he saw her sitting in his class with a cute little skirt on. The first time she had worn a skirt to class, he hadn't been able to keep his mind on the lesson and his eyes off her legs. She had the most unbelievable legs in the world. As he had started class he had heard another student telling her that. She's just blushed and said yeah right. Jared wanted to punch the dick in his face for trying to get close to her yet she hadn't given the other guy a second glance. In fact, if he remembered correctly, she'd moved to another seat to get away from him.

While the class had continued, Jared had spent most of the time thinking about what kind of panties she was wearing. He wanted to know if she wore thongs, or bikini briefs, or if she went without any. Just the thought of her without any panties had driven him out of him mind. Sophie had just smiled at him as he lectured making him even more crazed. Was she smiling because she knew the effect on him or was she just as innocent as she seemed? Somewhere in the back of his mind he knew that it was the latter. She didn't have any idea what she did to him and if she had known would have never worn another skirt.

Remembering her smooth legs and beautiful ankles, Jared fished his cock out of his pants and became to stroke. He had never been one who liked feet but her toes could make him harder than hell. He needed to do something and fast or he was going to kill himself. 

Pulling on his cock, he imagined her kneeling before his couch, watching him as he jerked his cock for her. She would look up at him and beg him with her eyes to let her take him in her mouth. She would lick her stunning mouth and he would let her take his cock in her mouth. She would run her tongue softly over the tip of him to get the taste of him. Suddenly she would plunge her head down on him. He arched his back as he felt her mouth begin to pull up and down. He pace would be fast because she knew that he wouldn't be able to last long. Just before he came, she would pull back on his cock, allowing his cum to spray onto her face. Seeing the mess on her face in his mind, Jared jerked his cum into his hand, moaning, "Sophie! Yes, baby, fuck yes."

Jared sat there for a few minutes, allowing his body to cool down and also to give himself some time to think. What was he going to do? His lust for her had only increased, and now that everything was different he didn't think he could simply watch her walk in and out of his classroom and not touch her. Sighing, he got up from the couch and headed for the kitchen. Maybe once he ate, something would come to him.