 I rest the tablet on my naked stomach as I gaze across the Caribbean Sea. The water is calm, the surf gently coming in and softly lapping at the foot of my chaise. It's a gorgeous day, perfect beach weather, as it always seems to be in Montego Bay. The sun is a warm hug melting and wrapping gracefully round my skin. I can spend hours laying here; playing with my tablet, reading my Kindle, or just watching the surf. Today, I am restless; I can't settle, nothing can holding my attention... well, none of my usual distractions.

Slipping my right leg off the lounger, I play my usual game, waiting for the next wave to come in so I could dip my toe in the cool blue water without covering it in sand. I'm bored. Until I realize my game leaves me completely exposed on the nude beach. That speeds up my heart rate but I'm the only one on this beach, and despite coming here every morning for two weeks I have yet to show off my bikini wax and perky C cups to anyone but Mother Nature. Being naked this much is probably contributing to my restless condition... And while there are several options to remedy the situation, the man I really want to fuck is in another country; meanwhile, the man that is conveniently available, for some reason, never comes to this beach. 

On the bright side, I am getting an excellent golden tan, sans tan lines. But even the act of examining myself builds me up and I desperately need to relieve the pressure. My nipples are like rocks, and have been like this way for days, and my pussy is so wet I wonder if someone walking by can see the juices glistening on my naked lips or glistening on my thighs.

Reaching into the bag next to my chaise, I fumble around until I find my tiny Bluetooth earbud and place it in my ear. I sit up and twist around so that my back is to the ocean; tucking my legs under me, I turn on my tablet and the Skype app. I'm relieved to see Ryan, the subject of many fantasies, online and accepting calls. Waiting for the phone to ring takes an eternity, noting that the bright daylight isn't ideal for this screen, I'm willing to trade what I have in mind as long as I can hear him and he can see me; I figure it's a fair trade. 

Finally the phone stops ringing and I can hear the distinctive sounds of the connection made and Ryan's voice comes in through the speakers, I am so looking forward to his reaction, and I'm not disappointed, "Hey, what's - whoa, damn! Holy shit!" 

I smirk, "What's up with you?"

When Ryan answered the phone, I had held my tablet so that he could see my face and breasts with the ocean behind me, now I put the tablet on the raised portion of the chaise lounge so he could get a broader picture.

"My cock is definitely getting up, quickly." Ryan informs me laughingly. "Didn't you tell me they have a ban on cameras on that beach?"

"If I'm the only one here, who's gonna tell?" I shrug provocatively, gently squeezing my breasts together while mischievously adding, "But if your prurient senses are offended, I could offer you a written apology and promise to never Skype you naked again."

"Oh no, you are always welcome and in fact encouraged to Skype me naked. I believe it's actually mandatory. Damn you look so hot, I wish I was there. Has anyone seen you lying out like that?"

"No," I pout, "and all this exposure is turning me on and I'm so wet; I think it's honestly frying my brain. I need you to talk me through this one; I can't see you or feel you but I'm going to lose my mind if I don't get off right this second!"

Ryan's chuckle reverberates in my ear and sends a tingle of anticipation down to my toes,

"What happened to that blonde Neanderthal you met at the bar the other night? The one with all the muscles. If you're so horny why don't you find him now and have your way with him?" Ryan was baiting me dammit, and fishing for compliments, but I was in no position to point that out and he knew he had me.

"You know I don't chase men; especially ones that think they're God's gift to women. And you know how I feel about fucking a stranger when I've been drinking; he would've been no good to me then. Besides, you know what I like, and how I like it."

To emphasize my point, I start gliding my hand up my thigh across my stomach to my left breast, cupping it and lightly pinching the nipple.

"Now if you're not up to the task, or not in the mood, I guess I could fend for myself... it wouldn't be the first time..." I feign a pout. "I understand if you have something more important to do and need to leave me alone, horny and naked on a beach, knowing that as you log off I'm going to slide my fingers inside my pussy..." I tease him mercilessly, sliding my hand between my thighs to do exactly that.

I feel a hand on my back at the same time a deep male voice says, "It would be unacceptable to leave you alone... much less horny and naked on a beach."

I gasp in surprise, whip around, and stand up, somehow without falling on my ass or dropping my tablet.

It is the Neanderthal, although he's more like a Norse God... or Smith Jerrod from "Sex and the City," blond (with very short ponytail), blue eyes, six-foot plus, with giant muscles that he adamantly denied came from steroids. I try to collect myself, make eye contact, and think of something witty to say. A daunting task I abandon as I notice the lust in his eyes; and instinctively lower my eyes to look for other evidence of arousal.

Ryan chooses that moment to break in, "You there? Is that the Neanderthal?"

Trying to keep a straight face while answering his question indirectly, I address the Neanderthal, "Hey Steve, I'm glad you could join me... but I think you're going to get in trouble with the resort any minute."

"I'm taking that as a yes. But I think you're going to chicken out as soon as you get him to strip." Ryan challenges in my ear, clearly reading my intentions.

Steve looks at me questioningly, "How am I going to get in trouble? You're the one bringing video equipment to the nude beach."

I walk up to him and place my hand on his chest, trailing my fingers down to his shorts, "But you're in violation of the dress code," I point out and start untying the laces. 

Steve gently takes hold of my wrists stopping my efforts causing me to look up at him in confusion, "If you're going to keep an open line, don't you think you should at least let me meet the person on the other end?" he asks with a gentle teasing reproach.

"Hey, it's not like this was planned!" I said laughing with chagrin, and grab his hand to introduce him to Ryan on the tablet. Men, now he wants to talk, go figure.

I climb back on the chaise, resuming my earlier position as Steve sits behind me straddling the chaise. Feeling his chest against my naked back shoots so much electricity through my body, I feel my nipples turn from rocks into diamonds. His hands so close to my breasts I wish he would touch them, fondle them, and suck them already. But no, he wants to meet Ryan.

I lean forward, on all fours, to disengage the Bluetooth feature so Ryan can talk to us both at the same time and Steve can satisfy his curiosity. I'm counting on Steve getting an eyeful as I deliberately have difficulty turning off the Bluetooth. Meanwhile Ryan is getting a screenful of breasts, and I'm starting to wonder what the hell I'm getting into. I glance back at Steve and confirm my efforts aren't going to waste; we lock eyes and he winks at me and points back at the tablet.

I warn Ryan before I actually switch the Bluetooth off, but he must've seen something in my face or hears something in my voice because he tells me to wait, and says, "Stop over-thinking and just have fun. Now turn off the Bluetooth." 

I finally turn off the Bluetooth, sit back, and make the introductions. I really don't know what else I'm supposed to say other then, "Ryan, Steve. Steve, Ryan."

Steve leans forward almost possessively, his smooth chest pressing into my back, his head almost resting on my left shoulder; I'm sandwiched between his muscular thighs, his hands resting casually on his knees. I'm naked, and they want to talk! I fidget against him in an effort to hurry up these peace talks or whatever they were. Steve chuckles in my ear and tells me to behave, but starts stroking my thigh with the thumb of his right hand in consolation.

Ryan must've heard that, because he chimes in with a truth I can't dispute, "She doesn't believe in patience. The fact that you've still got your shorts on shows remarkable restraint."

I nod and then shrug, "See, I should be rewarded! And quickly."

"So do you guys do this often? Are you recording this?" Steve asks with a hint of wariness in his tone.

Ryan and I try to answer at once, which doesn't work, so I let him answer, "No man. We've never done this. And I'm definitely not recording."

"I just wanted to get off, and there was nobody around. - And no I'm not recording either." I cross my arms and sulk, waiting for more questions that would delay my orgasms.

Everyone is silent for a minute, and Steve stops stroking my thigh then finally breaks the silence, "Ok then, I'm good." and deliberately rests his whole hand on my thigh asking, "Ryan, you cool?"

"Yea."

"Any special requests, Dude?"

"Yea, try to not take up the whole frame!" Ryan does have his priorities.

I turn my head to the side to look at Steve and coquettishly ask, "Aren't you going to ask me if I have any special requests?"

"Nope." He cuts off any more smart-ass replies by bringing his mouth over mine; sealing our lips together. His lips are firm; tasting faintly of the sea. He kisses me slowly, gently parting my lips with his and sliding his tongue softly into my mouth. My tongue meets his and as he penetrates my mouth again, I suck on his tongue lightly teasing it with my own tongue and releasing it.

I hear what I can only describe as a growl emanate from his chest. Gone then is the gentleman as he tilts my head back for a better angle to show me exactly what his tongue can do with mine. There is no reprieve now as he has his way with my mouth. I arch my back to reach him and get deeper into the kiss; I bring my left arm around to the back of his neck to pull him closer to me.

He takes the opportunity to caress my breasts which are prominently thrust out, weighing them in his hands, fondling them, kneading them and playing with the nipples. He rolls, twists and pinches my nipples until I'm physically unable to sit still, my pussy so wet that I can feel the moisture on the ankle I'm sitting on. I can't stop making soft moaning sounds as he continues to ravage my mouth, taking my lust to fever pitch.

I reach behind to untie his shorts and reach into his waistband. Finding him hot and hard, I stroke him from base to tip, my fingers barely connecting around his thick long shaft. He groans in my mouth as I repeat the movement much more slowly this time.

His right hand stops playing with my nipple and glides down my body to slide between my legs and I eagerly part my thighs in welcome. He takes the invitation, but only trails his hand on the inside of my thigh, soothing me, teasing me, but not giving me what I need. 

Steve breaks our kiss and backs off a little, "Don't you think your friend should get a better view?" Seeing my puzzlement, he glances at my thighs and the tablet. Finally catching on, I part my thighs even wider glancing at the tablet then Steve to see if this meets their high standards.

"What do you think, dude?" asks Steve, and I start to wonder when they became such good buddies.

"Much better, but try having her put her legs on each side of the chaise and then have her hold the tablet," says Herr Director Ryan, and I move to comply as he actually has a valid point.

Steve rewards me by bringing our mouths back together and moving his hand all the way up my thigh to cup my pussy. I sigh in his mouth and continue to stroke him, reaching all the way down to his balls this time before resuming my upward stroke.

My legs are completely spread with my tablet positioned between them; I'm laying in Steve's arms completely subject to his whims as Ryan has a complete close up on my pussy but for Steve's hand. Anybody can walk onto this beach at any time, I've never been more exposed, and all I can think about is how much I want to cum right now.

Finally giving into my desperation, Steve barely brushes his fingers across my pussy lips, making me to jump at the badly needed contact. My body feels like it catches fire. I moan into his mouth as he explores my folds, then, without warning or any indication of his intent, he enters me deeply with a long thick finger and just as quickly withdraws it, causing me to whimper in disappointment.

"Babe, you're so wet I've got to taste you!" Steve says by way of explanation.

"Show me how wet she is first." Ryan directs.

Ever accommodating, Steve uses his left hand to separate my outer lips as with his right hand he continues to play with my pussy to show Ryan just how turned on I am. I realize I'm outnumbered and out-muscled, so I do the only reasonable thing left; I close my eyes and lay back against Steve letting him draw out my pleasure. Steve dips his finger barely inside of me, teasing me again before slowly withdrawing it, showing Ryan how my juices glint in the sunlight.

"Can you see that?" 

"Fuck, yea."

Steve continues to give Ryan a show, adding a second finger and sliding both in and out of my body and around my pussy, avoiding my clit deliberately. I can feel them both mesmerized, watching his hand and my juices run out of my body in fascination.

"What do you think, Ryan... has she earned it yet?"

"Yea... it's probably only fair." Ryan sounds blasé, but I can hear the excitement in his voice that tells a different story.

I open my eyes suspiciously to see if they are teasing. "My turn?" I ask hopefully.

Steve chuckles and brushes his lips against mine, burying his fingers inside me; his thumb grazing across my clit for the first time. I see flashes of light and the world seems to move as Steve jumps up, effortlessly picking me up only to lay me down facing the ocean, my legs hanging off the chaise. 

"I told you I want to taste you," Steve says as he kneels in the sand before me, once again parting my thighs and lowering his head, kissing my inner thighs on his way up, then taking one long sure stroke with his tongue, starting from my core going up to my clit until I'm trembling.

"Hey guys, not cool. I can't move the camera myself." Oops, we forgot the tablet. I reach over my head and try to position it so Ryan has an over my shoulder view.

"How's that?" I ask my long-time lover.

"I wish it was me on the beach eating you out right now... or you sucking me off while getting eaten out."

"Ohhh yeah!" I moan at the image and as Steve flicks his tongue across my clit, his fingers sliding in and out of me, he adds a twisting motion heightening the sensation and seemingly filling me up even more.

My toes curl in the sand as I writhe under Steve's talented mouth. He picks up my legs and drapes them over his shoulders, giving himself an even better angle and causing me to buck wildly against his mouth and clamping my thighs tightly around his head. Picking up on my cues, he speeds up his movements moving his tongue faster and adding a third finger to those already penetrating me. 

"I'm so close!" I moan, and arch uncontrollably, trying to bring myself even closer to Steve's mouth. He grabs my ass, holding me in place and keeping me steady, determined to get me off. He flattens his tongue and increases the pressure, while sucking on my clit. My world centers on his mouth as the pleasure sharpens, and my body tenses; I scream as I come without any further warning, my orgasm crashing through my body, the convulsions rolling through me like a series of waves. Steve won't let me go and prolongs my orgasm until I push his face away from my over-sensitized clit.

He takes the hint and moves his mouth to my inner thighs, gently licking and kissing each in turn as my after shocks slowly subside and my breath starts to return to normal. As I slowly try to sit up to look at him, he withdraws his fingers from my body and looks intensely into my eyes as he proceeds to lick my juices from his fingers. I move my legs off his shoulders and reach for his shorts again; he obliges me by standing up and letting me remove them finally.

His cock springs forward, already thick and hard for me, and I waste no time taking it in my hand and bringing my mouth forward to taste the bead of pre-cum that is leaking out. I watch his face as I gently flick my tongue across the head to taste him, his eyes start to close but he fights the urge and continues to watch me as I start to slide my mouth over him and taking his entire length in my mouth with one move. 

"Oh God baby, that feels so good!" he moans as his head rolls back with pleasure.

I slide his cock almost all the way out of my mouth, my right hand on the shaft pulling him out as I go, my left hand reaching down to cup his balls. As his head slides across my lips, I reverse the motion and take him back in my mouth, swirling my tongue around him until he hits the back of my throat. I repeat the motion as he groans and threads his fingers through my hair at the base of my neck, exerting his dominance and making me wetter in the process. He guides my head onto his cock and sets the pace, thrusting himself deep into my mouth, watching my face, locking eyes with me and then watching his cock slide in and out between my lips as I struggle to take all of him at the pace he sets. 

It occurs to me that Ryan probably has no view since my back was to the tablet, but before I could even think of doing something to fix it, Steve urgently withdraws from my mouth with a groan, "I've got to be inside you!"

He pulls me to me feet and grabs my towel off the chaise, throwing it on the sand, taking care to quickly reposition the tablet at the foot of the chaise for Ryan's viewing pleasure; he pulls me back to him for a deep leisurely kiss. Before I know it we are laying down on the towel side by side our tongues dancing together, his hands caressing my breasts as my hands explore the muscles of his back.

He breaks our kiss briefly to look at me again, "Fuck, you're so fucking hot," and rolls onto his back taking me with him, "ride me baby" and then with a mischievous glint adds, "show your boy what he's missing!"

I'm straddling Steve's waist, and I eagerly take his cock into my hands stroking it a couple of times while watching Steve's face. He sits up slightly, showing off his well-defined abs in the process, and pulls me forward so he can kiss me. I sit up slightly, moving his cock right underneath me and reach behind my back so I can position it to enter my body. Teasing both of us as I stroke his cockhead across my wet pussy lips, we both moan and I start to lean back to take him inside of me.

"Baby, put on your Bluetooth" a voice commands me out of nowhere, and it takes me a second to realize Ryan is interrupting this awesome moment with an order. 

"Argh,now?!" I exclaim just as Steve emits a grunt of frustration.

"It'll be worth your while, I promise, both of you. Now put on your Bluetooth so I can whisper straight into your ear." Ryan demands.

The man does know what I like, and the idea of him whispering in my ear as another man pounds inside of me does ratchet up the excitement, and I hadn't thought that was possible. Luckily, the chaise isn't too far and I reach my Bluetooth without having to move much. I put it in my ear, and press the power button automatically switching the audio to my ear.

"How's this Ry?" I ask before I settle any further.

"Perfect, now show him how tight your pussy is and what you can do with those muscles of yours," Ryan instructs.
