 What a week it’s been! I finally lie down after a grueling day at work. Emails to and from you have helped keep my sanity and, as always, I’m glad that you’re not only a great lover, but also a supportive friend. I’m exhausted, but all of the stress and tension has me keyed up enough that I don’t know if I’ll be able to sleep. I close my eyes and eventually find myself hovering somewhere between sleep and restlessness...

Is that your cologne I smell? I sigh as I imagine that, yes, it's actually you in the room with me. Just the scent of you is enough to get me going!

The bed gives under your weight as you join me. Then I feel the covers pulled back from my body. I can feel your gaze on my skin, and goosebumps appear on my flesh in response.

The bed shifts as you move, and I release a pent-up breath in one long sigh at the feel of your breath, hot on my neck. Your fingers lightly trail down my arms, and the vague, tickling sensation turns me on even more. I feel you pull away from my neck. I so want to look at you, to gaze into your hypnotic eyes to fully savor what you're doing to me. But I don't dare open my eyes, or else this perfect fantasy might end...

Your fingers trail back up my arms and lightly, lingeringly begin to trace trails down the front of me, skimming over my chest... my breasts... my belly... my hips... and down over my thighs before reversing direction to retrace their paths in agonizingly slow movements. I find that I'm quivering at the need you're arousing in my body. You notice too, and your low chuckle caresses my ears.

Your fingers again reach my shoulders and again reverse. But this time, they trail to the outside of my breasts and down to my sides, tickling as they go. My skin actually jumps under your touch at the titillation.

I feel your hands rest lightly on my hips. You aren't physically holding me down, but the sensation of being captive is still there, driving me wild. And then I feel your breath on my skin - hot on my breast, caressing my areola. I gasp and arch my back, delighting in the feel, but wanting more. When nothing happens, I relax, lying back on the bed fully.

And then your breath hits my other breast. I whimper and squirm slightly. These simple treatments have me so hot and hungry that I'm practically paralyzed with need.

Finally, I feel your mouth - one touch of your lips on the center of my abdomen, accompanied by your hot, moist breath, heating me to the core. Your right hand moves to urge my legs apart and your fingers find the overflowing wetness there - evidence of the effect your few simple attentions have on me. You slowly slide your index finger into my heat, slide it back out, as you twist your wrist slightly, then slowly slide it back in and then out again.

My hands grip the sheets beneath me.

You remove your lips from my abdomen and then I feel your wet finger against my bottom lip. I open my mouth to accept your finger, and I seal my lips around it, my tongue licking my juices from your skin. You groan in response and then slowly slide your finger out of my mouth. You trail the finger down over my chin, down my neck, down over my chest and in between my breasts, and then further... slowly beginning to trace patterns on my abdomen.

You slide your hand back to my waist and use both to urge me up off of the bed. Then you guide me so that I'm on my knees, straddling your thighs, as your mouth closes around one nipple and your thumb comes up to slide over the other. Then you firmly take my nipple between your teeth and slowly pull your head away from me, making your teeth scrape over me as my nipple slides out from between them. I groan, completely aroused by the pleasure-pain.

Urged on by my groan, you take the other nipple between your thumb and forefinger, and pinch firmly, rolling the skin slightly between your fingers as you do. I squeal, loving it, and your blood boils. Your hands immediately drop to my hips and you guide me down onto your hard, throbbing phallus.

As I sink down onto you, my breath leaves me in a long, audible exhale. And then I'm settled, sitting on your thighs, testing you out with my inner muscles. My hands are on your shoulders, and my head is thrown back at the pleasure of having you fill me.

Your hands guide me into a relaxed, steady rhythm that immediately starts us both along the path of no return. I slide up and down on you, following your lead, and simply savor the way your cock rubs against my insides, driving me higher and higher. There is no sound, save for our heavy breathing, for some time. And then your hands lead me a bit faster. The hunger builds. Breathing turns into groans. We both feel our bodies prepare for release.

Faster still, and I'm simply bouncing up and down on you, roughly slamming back down onto you after each up-stroke. My body tenses more and more... until it snaps, making me gasp and then cry out in release, sending slight convulsions through my body as I continue to ride you wildly.

Your body continues to tense as my wet flesh envelopes you again and again, and then you feel yourself losing it. Your hands grasp my hips and grind me down onto your shaft as you unload your hot cum into my depths. My head falls onto your shoulder and I groan at the feel of your jism coating my pussy as you shudder through your orgasm.

Finally, once we both calm down, you urge me back down onto the bed.

* * * * *

I awaken hours later, glad to have finally slept after the incredible fantasy. Oddly enough, I'm chilly, and I look down to see the covers down on the floor at the end of the bed. I begin to sit up to retrieve them so that I can snuggle back into bed for a while longer, when I suddenly become aware of the abundance of wetness between my legs and on the sheet beneath me...