 "What are these handcuffs made of?"

"Shut up."

"I'm bored, humour me."

"Keep talking and I'll gag you."

"You're into kinky sex? Could have fooled me."

Bangalore tugged harder on the rope as she pulled her prisoner towards her home.

"So you're a soldier and the local village heroine?"

"What can I do to get you to shut up?"

"Kiss me or better yet, sit on my face and let me taste you."

Bangalore was extremely grateful for the melanin that hid her blush so well. She was a virgin, a quiet, killer virgin. Men didn't approach her or speak to her the way this man was. He was being so crass but she was secretly enjoying it, she knew from the flutters in her lower abdomen.

"Are you always so crass?"

"I'm always straightforward, I say what I think and take what I want."

"How come you're my prisoner if you can just take your freedom?"

"I don't want my freedom, yet."

"What?"

"I'll take my freedom when I want it, for now I want something else."

"What is that?"

"You'll know soon enough, baby."

Her heart fluttered at the term of endearment and she could feel the heat rising under her skin. What was going on with her?

She stepped into her small, secure cabin and handcuffed Mirage to a pipe.

"I'm going to take a shower, if you behave I'll give you some food."

Mirage smirked. He was going to enjoy ravishing her. The handcuffs wouldn't hold him for long and as an experienced soldier she would have thought of it but he had messed up her mind.

He knew he had affected her, had noticed her blush and gulp when he had been crass. Maybe he would use the handcuffs on her when he took her. He couldn't wait to feel her come on his hard cock, the idea made him even harder.

He heard her turn on the shower and began working on the handcuffs. A few minutes later he was swinging the handcuffs, walking to the bathroom.

The sight of Bangalore nude and under water made his cock unbearably hard. The water ran down her body following her curves.

Mirage put down the handcuffs and quietly stripped then slipped into the shower behind Bangalore, closing the shower door as quietly as he had opened it. This could end in two ways:

·The fulfillment of his fantasy

or

·His untimely death

Usually, she would have been alert and would have heard him the moment he had started fumbling with the handcuffs but this man clouded her mind and she wasn't being herself.

She wanted to fight when a hand clamped down on her mouth but a deep voice whispered in her ear, "Don't scream, don't fight. I don't want to hurt you."

Mirage smiled as he felt her wet body relax in his arms. Bangalore's mind was screaming at her to fight but her body was submissive to his voice, she found herself trusting him.

"I'm going to touch you, just to wash you," Mirage whispered before he kissed her ear. 

With a sponge and his hand, he started from her shoulders, moved down her arms, came back up, down her back, skimmed over her ass, teased between her thighs, down her legs and back up. Her breath was heavy, he could hear her and knowing that she was getting aroused for him made him proud.

He turned her around, squeezed some more gel onto the sponge and gave it back to her.

"Wash me, Lore."

She couldn't look at him, he knew she was shy so he took her hands and guided them until they were moving on their own.

Now they were both clean and he stepped out of the shower first and grabbed the towel. He motioned for her to get out and wrapped the towel around her.

Mirage pressed his hard body against Bangalore and whispered in her ear, "I don't want my freedom yet because I want you, all of you."

He scooped her up into his arms and walked into her room, laying her gently on the bed before pulling away the towel.

"You're perfection Lore. I have never been taken down the way you did me, you intrigued me."

Bangalore looked away, covering her body.

Mirage climbed on top of her.

"Look at me baby, don't hide yourself."

"Wh-why are you- are you doing this to me?"

"I can tell you're innocent, untouched, a virgin."

She turned away biting her lip.

"I want that Lore, I want your innocence. Let me devour you baby, make you feel things you've never felt before, look at me baby."

She shook her head shyly, eyes tightly squeezed shut.

He smirked and softly tilted her head till she was facing him.

"Open your eyes baby, let me see those beautiful chocolate eyes," finally she opened her eyes and he could see the desire and lust in her eyes. His head dipped, he claimed her lips with his and felt her tense up. He waited for her to relax before his tongue sought permission to enter her mouth. 

She tentatively parted her lips and allowed him to take control. The kiss started off soft but as Bangalore felt herself moisten between her thighs, she started to squirm against him and kiss him back.

The kiss escalated, Mirage lifted himself off Lore and laid by her side still kissing her. He kissed her neck then moved down to kiss a nipple whilst pinching the other between his fingers.

The sounds that escaped her were the sweetest things and they encouraged Mirage. His hand slid down between her thighs and he cupped her wet heat. 

"I love how wet you are for me, only me. You're so fucking sexy."

His palm rubbed between her thighs in slow, delicious circles and Lore rocked her hips, wanting more.

"Do you like that baby?"

She frantically nodded her head, eyes closed.

"Do you need more?"

Again, she nodded her head frantically.

Her eyes flew open and a gasp escaped her as Mirage slowly pushed a thick finger against her wet hole. 

"Don't think, just feel baby. I'll take it nice and slow for you sweetheart."

Lore was so wet Mirage's finger slowly started to slip right into her pussy, she whimpered. He slowly started to fuck her with the one finger, his mouth kissing all over her chest. Slowly and gently, he worked the finger deep into her as she moaned quietly.

"Awww baby, you're so wet. You love feeling my finger fuck you and stretch you, don't you?"

She nodded.

"Words baby, I want to hear your sweet, needy voice."

"Y-yess."

"Good girl, I'm going to add another finger baby."

Her eyes went wide and Mirage knew she was scared.

"It's okay, I won't hurt you baby, you can take it."

He slowly pushed in a second finger and rested with his fingers nestled deep in Lore's pussy.

Her hips started to rock a little and Mirage's fingers started to move in and out of her tight wetness. His pace was gentle but the thrusts were deep.

"Please," Lore begged.

"What are you begging for baby?"

"I- I don't know, just please."

He knew what she needed and he sped up, curling his fingers to find her spot.

Her loud moans filled the room and she fisted the sheets, pulling them off one corner of the bed then she started clenching down on his fingers. 

"You're close," he growled and pushed his fingers deeper.

"Oh God," she cried.

"Fuck, I want to watch you come. I want to watch you come hard on my fingers."

Her pussy tightened from the dirty talk and he felt her get wetter, her hips rocked desperately against his hand.

"P-p-please," she cried out as her muscles tightened.

"The name's Mirage baby, let go. Come for me."

Her body shattered and she stopped breathing, her mouth open in an O. Her back arched high and Mirage took a nipple into his mouth, making her clench down harder on his fingers.

Mirage tried to pull out his fingers but he failed, her pussy walls were clenched too hard. He pulled her to him best as he could and cuddled her.

"Breathe baby, in and out. Breathe."

Only then did she start gasping for air and she started to relax then he pulled out his fingers. He sucked his creamed fingers and groaned at the taste of her.

"You taste so innocent and sweet baby, spread your legs for me, let me taste you."

"N-no."

"No??? Lore, I'm not making love with you until I've kissed your pussy and made you come hard on my tongue."

"I- it's not- it's not hygienic."

"Says who? You just showered baby, you are clean. Let me eat your pussy, I promise you won't regret it," Mirage kissed down her body slowly, nipping softly and teasing.

"You can put your hands in my hair baby."

"I don't want to hurt you," Lore whispered.

"You would never."

He kissed her inner thighs teasingly and felt a tug in his hair, she was pulling his face and lips to her pussy.

"Tell me what you want," Mirage growled.

"Taste me," she whispered.

"Tell me baby, say it loud."

"Please, please taste me," she cried.

Mirage ate her hungrily, gripping her thighs and sucking every inch of her pussy into his mouth. Her fingers wove deeper into his silky hair and he groaned in pleasure as she fisted his hair and tugged him closer. His tongue teased her wet hole but it was the sucking on her hard little nub that made her lose control.

Her release came faster and hit like a freight train. She screamed his name as her hips bucked and legs shook. He held her down as he licked up all of her cream, groaning in approval at the intensity of her orgasm. She rubbed herself against his face shamelessly as she continued to come. Her body then slumped onto the bed and Mirage moved up.

"Fuck Lore, you taste good. That was intense, are you okay?"

Lore whimpered in response and snuggled into Mirage's hard body. After a few minutes Lore raised her head and Mirage looked at her.

"I want to pleasure you."

"What?"

"Teach me how to pleasure you with my mouth like you did, please."

"Fuck, you're so innocent."

He rolled off the bed and stood then pulled her off the bed.

"Kneel," she obliged and was faced with his monstrous cock.

"Open your mouth and stick out your tongue," she listened.

"Fuck," he cursed as his head slid onto her tongue. 

"Clamp your lips around my cock baby... Fuck yes, just like that."

"Hollow your cheeks."

He fisted her hair and began to fuck her mouth. She gagged and choked on his cock with no complaint because she wanted to please him the way he had pleased her.

The feel of his cock sliding in and out of her mouth was making Mirage weak in the knees. He knew he was close to exploding, her mouth was so warm and wet. For a first timer, she knew to keep the teeth to soft scraping here and there.

"Oh fuck Lore, I'm going to come in your mouth baby."

She sucked harder until he threw his head back and roared, his hips bucking as his cream filled her mouth. She took his cock deeper into her mouth and moaned as she swallowed.

Mirage looked down and saw Bangalore's eyes closed, her sensual mocha lips clamped down on his shaft. He watched as she swallowed his essence and groaned when he felt the vibrations of her moans on the head of his cock. When his orgasm finally finished, she licked his shaft and balls clean, then around her lips. The idea that she didn't want to waste a drop of him made him start to harden again.

"Fuck me, you're a good student."

"Did I please you enough?"

"I've only ever come that hard from being sucked in your mouth baby, fuck!"

"You taste good too," she whispered shyly.

"Say it louder sweetheart," he teased.

"Y-you- you taste good too."

"Thank you, baby, get off your knees."

As soon as she stood up, he was lifting her onto him and kissing her hard. He lined himself up with her wet pussy as he kissed her, laying her gently on the bed.

Mirage pulled away from the kiss.

"It's going to hurt Lore, but I promise to try not to hurt you too much."

"Take me."

He kissed her one more time.

"You can bite my shoulder when I tear through," she nodded.

He slowly pushed his cock head past her pussy lips and she winced a little from the discomfort. He waited a few seconds then slammed his entire length into her, groaning in pleasure at how tight, warm and wet she was.

"You're so tight and wet baby, fuuuck!"

Lore bit down on his shoulder so hard he bled but he didn't really mind. He held himself deep inside her pussy, bottomed out in her, straining not to thrust into her warm, tight wetness.

After a while he couldn't fight it anymore so he asked, "Should I stop?"

"NO! I mean no, you can move, just be gentle Mirage."

"Okay baby, I'll take care of you."

The first few minutes of his thrusts were very uncomfortable but she said nothing. She could see he was trying to make it painless, being patient with her, thrusting slowly and gently.

Lore kept quiet about her discomfort to please him. That discomfort soon turned to pleasure and she started to moan, moving her hips and kissing him. She wrapped her arms around him as she begged for more.

"Y-you feel s-sooo good."

"Yeah?"

She nodded, pulling Mirage against her tighter.

"M-moree. Please, more Mirage."

"I don't want to hurt you Lore, you're still very tight."

"More! Please."

"Say my name baby," he thrusted faster.

"Mirage."

"Louder," he thrusted harder.

"Mirage!"

"Scream my fucking name," he thrusted deeper.

"MIRAGE!!!"

He pounded harder, deeper, faster as she cried out for him.

"Rage. Don't stop, please don't fucking stop," she sobbed in pleasure.

"Oh fuck baby, say it again. Say my name like that."

"Rage," she whimpered as he thrusted deep.

"I can't let you go baby, you're mine now."

"Yesss."

"Tell me, tell me who you belong to Lore."

"I'm yours, Rage's baby."

"All mine, fuck you're so tight and so fucking wet."

"All for you, fuck Rage, I'm close."

"Hold it."

He felt her squeeze down on him as her moans got louder and she started gasping for air, struggling to keep her eyes open and not rolled to the back of her head.

"Hold it Lore, please."

"I c-c-can't!"

"Yes you can baby, hold it."

He thrusted, rolling his hips. He pulled her closer, skin to skin as he drove himself into her. Lore's nails dug deep into the skin of Rage's back while she tried to keep her orgasm at bay. 

Mirage felt the familiar tug in his balls. His shaft became a little more heated and thicker, pulsing with the need to release in her.

"Fuck, I'm going to come deep inside your pussy," he gritted out.

"Give it to me," Lore cried out.

His thrusts lost rhythm, they became desperate, his only goal to come inside this woman and mark her as his.

"Come with me!"

They exploded together and as Mirage spurted his cum into her, Bangalore clamped down on him and milked his seed, her muscles expanding and contracting in orgasm. 

The intensity of their explosive orgasm shook them to their cores. Mirage moaned, feeling Lore squeeze his cock with her pussy walls. Lore was shaking, her body spasming hard under Rage as his cock pulsed against her g-spot. They held each other quietly for a while then Mirage pulled out and spoke.

"On your stomach baby, I'm not done with you yet."