 Note : Thanks again Drew. In the three weeks that had passed since the electrifying summer storm where Bev and Eddie had first had sex, there has been little opportunity to get together since, and each felt frustrated at the lack of progress. With the autumn fast approaching, and maintenance jobs needed at both households, time soon slipped past. Each had to put up with a brief hello over the garden fence or a wave as they passed each other on the drive.



Eddie decided to take matters into his own hands, and with the majority of his jobs done, called round to see if Bev needed a hand with any of hers. 

"Eddie, come on in" Bev smiled warmly as she opened to the door. "You have to excuse the mess; I've been moving things up into the attic"

Bev's hair was messed up, and she had a dark smudge across her nose that seemed to smear the freckles that had popped out from exposure to the last of the summer sun. Unable to stop himself, Eddie reached out and gently wiped the mark clean, laughing as he did so. Bev blushed, her face reddening under her tanned skin, making her blue eyes sparkle. Her breath caught in her chest and she felt her heart thud. She wanted him again so badly.

"We don't seem to have managed to catch up for a while Bev, so I thought that you may like to have dinner with me tonight, after I have helped you out with whatever you need doing. Looks like hard work just for one" Eddie gestured at the boxes lined ready for storing.

"Do you know, that would be perfect – are you sure you don't mind?" replied Bev, her heart leaping at the prospect of more time with Eddie, and an evening spent in his company.

"Not at all. Come on, let's get started on this"

They picked up a box each and started up the stairs with Bev in front. Eddie gazed at her bottom as it swayed up the stairs, full and voluptuous, snug in a faded pair of jeans. Her t-shirt rode up a little at the back and Eddie resisted the temptation to throw the box down, push her to the floor and lick all down the curve of her spine. He could feel his cock stiffening as he remembered how she tasted and drew a deep breath as he tried to concentrate on the task in hand.

On the landing, Bev climbed the step ladder and called down to Eddie.

"Can you pass up the boxes please?"

"Shouldn't I be doing that Bev?" he asked.

He was rewarded with a glare as Bev dipped her head down out of the loft space. Eddie chuckled at her fierce independence and bent to pick up the first box. Placing his foot on the bottom rung he started reaching up and found his eyes dragged to where Bev's t-shirt had ridden up at the front. His gaze moved up to her full breasts and he longed to free them and take them into his mouth. 

"What are you doing down there, come on or we'll never be finished" came Bev's muffled order.

Reluctantly Eddie averted his eyes and passed up the boxes. As Bev climbed down she found herself pressed up to Eddie as they mistimed the manoeuvre on the cramped landing. They both stood still for a split second before falling on to each other's mouths with hunger. Eddie's hands snaked under Bev's t-shirt, grazing her nipples and she let out a moan into Eddie's mouth at the same time that Bev's hand was brushing against Eddie's hard and straining cock. 

They broke free gasping for breath and it was almost as if they were back in the summer storm as electricity seemed to crackle about them.

"We'd better get this job finished" said Bev with more conviction than she felt. "We can, um, continue this evening. If you'd like" she added hurriedly.

"Mm, yes" Eddie replied in a hoarse voice. "I would, very much. Come on , lets finish up"

The time flew by as the two packed away the boxes, stopping for stolen kisses, taking every opportunity to touch and caress, until it was hard to tell whether the heat from their bodies was from the hard work or the building passion. 

"Will you come over at about 7:30 then?" asked Eddie.

"Perfect, shall I bring some wine?" 

"No need, just bring you. Oh one thing, will you be wearing a skirt or trousers?"

"Um, skirt probably" she replied, puzzled by the question. "Why?"

"Never mind." he responded, kissing her firmly on the mouth and forcing himself to leave her company.

The house seemed so terribly empty as soon as Eddie left. The air almost seemed to cool and the silence was suffocating. Shaking her head as if to clear it, Bev removed her damp clothing and slipped into a hot shower. 

Taking her time she shampooed and conditioned her hair, lathered up the sponge and cleansed her body all over. Moving the sponge between her legs, she felt her nipples hardening as the water bounced off them. Breathing deeply she brought her free hand up to gently roll each nipple between her fingers, her other hand moving in a slow circular motion over her pussy and clit. As much as she wanted to pleasure herself until she climaxed, she wanted to orgasm over Eddie's cock more, and smiling, she moved her hands away.

Taking the razor she ensured her pussy was as smooth as it could be. She dried and quickly dressed in a plain linen skirt that fell flatteringly to the knee, a floral shirt and a thin cardigan in deference to the cooling evenings.

At 7:30 prompt Bev knocked on Eddie's door nervously, her pussy was already wet with the anticipation of what may come. 

The door was not on the catch and it opened into the hallway. There on a sideboard was a large white piece of card with "Bev- read this" written on the front. A cold feeling ran through her body as she thought that Eddie may have had to change his plans, however, her fears were misplaced as she read the back.

"To continue where we left off, I would like you to follow my instructions to the letter – now go to the foot of the stairs – I am waiting in my room to reward you – but ONLY if you are a good girl and do as your are told"

Intrigued, and to her surprise, even more aroused at the nature of the note, Bev found her way to the bottom of the stairs. On the first step was another white card. She turned it over to read:

"Stand on the first step and slowly remove your knickers."

Bev's eyes widened, then grinning to herself she slowly lifted her skirt, eased her knickers down her thighs, and stepped out of them. She looked up the stairs to see where the next note was and stepped up.

"Lift your skirt and play with that beautiful pussy of yours for 1 minute."

Bev's breath quickened and her heart started racing, her mouth went dry as she felt her pussy trickle moisture. Raising her skirt she stroked her silky smooth pussy, her fingers caressing the lips as she slipped into the slit and caught her hard clit, still aroused from the shower. A moan escaped her lips as she played with herself and her fingers were soon sticky and wet from her stroking. When she figured she had completed the minute, she caught her breath and stepped up to the stair with the next note.

"Now taste yourself. Slowly. Relish it."

She parted her full lips and raised her fingers to her mouth, licking each finger that had touched her silken moist pussy. Sucking them clean she relished her musky taste. When she was satisfied she had fulfilled the request she moved up to the step with the next note.

"Remove your skirt, your top and bra and play with those exquisite nipples until they are hard"

Trembling with desire and so turned on,she removed the rest of her clothes.She rolled her nipples between her fingers and her head rolled back as they hardened and a spasm jolted through her body deep into her centre. A draught on the stairs caused her puckered nipples to harden even more, and Bev fought hard not to plunge her fingers into her soaking wet pussy and bring herself off there and then. Breathing heavily she stepped up to the final note.

"Now walk into the room straight ahead and be prepared for your reward."

With shaky legs Bev stepped through to the bedroom, her eyes adjusting quickly to the slightly darker surroundings. She gasped at the sight that greeted her.

Eddie was seated on a chair next to a large monitor, his thick hard cock was almost purple in his hand as he slowly stroked the shaft. His breath was laboured with desire as he moved his hands up and down his thick shaft.

The tip was shiny with a large drop of precum. On the monitor she could see the stairs she had just climbed, following instruction as she stripped and pleasured herself. 

"I've been filming your climb. It was beautiful to watch."

Eddie grabbed her arm and drew her to him, pulling her down as he kissed her fiercely.

"Look at how turned on you've made me. Touching and tasting yourself. Would you like to see how beautiful you are?" Eddie's voice was hoarse.

Unable to speak Bev simply nodded.

Pulling Bev into his lap and facing her away from him he reached over and hit a button. The monitor sprang back into life and as she sat watching herself walking into the house, Eddie's hands caressed her breasts, stroking her erect nipples and kissing the nape of her neck. She could feel his cock pulsating at the base of her spine and she shivered with lust and desire she didn't know was in her.

As she saw herself removing her knickers, Eddie let out a moan, and started gently rocking his hips, rubbing his hard cock against her back. She felt her nipples hardening even more as her wet pussy quivered. 

"I really need to fuck you" whispered Eddie into her neck. She trembled and summoned her voice.

"Please Eddie. Please fuck me".

Eddie raised her hips and positioned his throbbing cock at the entrance of her hole and in one fluid motion drove into her hot wet pussy. Throwing her head back in ecstasy she bit back a scream, and they started to rock together in a perfect rhythm.

The feeling of Eddie's full cock inside her as his hands played with her nipples, coupled with the arousal she felt seeing herself touching and tasting her own pussy was almost too much. Straddled across Eddies lap she moved her hand between her legs and cupped Eddie's tight balls, her wrist brushing her throbbing hard clit. 

She began to moan in a low voice and increased the rhythm. She could feel her pussy pulsating round Eddie's cock. She had never felt so turned on before and she knew she was going to orgasm really quickly. She could feel that Eddie was close, his cock was like marble inside her and she was sure she could feel it swelling further as they gyrated and fucked , their eyes trained on the images being played back.

"Oh Bev, I know I'm going to cum really soon" grunted Eddie as he tried to control the urge to thrust hard and fast.

"Don't hold back, I'm so near" gasped Bev as she felt the start of her orgasm building up.

The pace increased and there was no turning back. With wild abandon Bev bounced in Eddie's lap, impaling herself on him over and over again as he pistoned his hips and rammed her sopping pussy.

"Oh Eddie, fuck yes, I'm cumming" screamed Bev as her cunt walls started contracting round Eddie's cock. It was too much and with a final thrust Eddie's orgasm jerked through his body and exploded out of the slit at the top of his twitching cock. The feeling was indescribable and they bucked and screamed through their shared climax. 

Bev was slumped back against Eddie, aftershocks firing through her body causing her pussy to continue milking all the cum from him. Sitting still, crumpled and breathless they basked in the heat and sweat of their union, their mingling juices trickling down their thighs.