 I can still smell her scent...sweet and unfamiliar. It clings to my clothes, my lips, the sheets upon my bed...it hangs in the air like cherry blossoms in spring... and I will never forget it.

She arrived at 5pm sharp, emerging from her little car and cautiously approaching as I stood staring like a simpleton in front of a math problem. I could scarcely believe what I was seeing!

She was more beautiful than her pictures had let on, with smooth pale skin, a bright perfect smile, and the most kind and captivating blue eyes I have seen in all of my 25 years. She wore casual yet stylish clothing accented by tasteful tattoo and a perfectly placed piercing though her lower lip, this portrait was made complete by a green army cap like the kind Fidel Castro wears to bed each night...I was completely enthralled.

Something familiar tickled the back of my mind, as if I had seen her before...wanted her before. Had we met?

Standing at the foot of my stairs, we both laughed awkwardly and looked into each others eyes for a moment, each commenting on how nervous we were...like children discovering the opposite sex for the first time.

I invited her to follow me up stairs, and as we moved toward my door, the wind caught her fragrance and it washed over me like a thick fog of desire. My pulse quickened and I was about to open the door for her, but saw that she was quite nervous so I stepped inside and held my arms out.

"See, no monsters in here." I said, hoping to put her at ease. I led her into the living room, where a large window offered a view of the lake and the mountains beyond.

"Grab a seat, can I offer you anything to Drink?"

In a husky voice she asked for water, and I obliged her almost too eagerly...nearly dropping the glass. Had she noticed? I don't think so...

I sat down next to her at the kitchen bar, and proceeded to chat while I clutched a beer as if it were my lifeline. I wanted her to feel comfortable, so I could not just dive on her right away. For all she knew, I could be some sort of Looney!

The sun was still out, and we walked out onto the balcony and talked about our lives, our beliefs and got acquainted a little better. When the sun hit her face, her eyes meet mine with a radiant smile that hinted at intelligence and earthy wisdom found only in the select few. I knew then that she did not follow conventional thought, and I was certain for some reason that she was a follower of much older traditions.

I asked her... I was right.

"You can't do...are you reading my mind?" She said quietly, gazing at me once more with those indescribably beautiful eyes...a vast ocean of blues and greens that one could get lost in for hours.

"I'm not that cool." I joked, looking out across the courtyard below and trying not to blush. I was blown away by our connection and common thoughts, and I wondered why fate would drop her into my life in such away

After a time I could feel her beginning to relax ever so slightly...and we moved back to our seats once again, talking openly about what we were feeling. I had an almost ethereal attraction to her as she sat there gazing at me, holding my attention like a virgin on Beltane... and this was my right of passage.

At just the right moment I casually asked her how much time she had, knowing damn well that she had very little. I asked if I could give her what she had been lacking for so long and she breathlessly agreed. We stood up slowly then, and for a moment I circled her, taking in the sight of a body so different from anything I have known before.

I beckoned her towards the bedroom commenting on how my heart was pounding in my ears, a feeling almost forgotten after years of sexual stagnation. My room is tiny to be honest, with fresh sheets hastily arranged by yours truly several hours earlier. There was a large bed in the center of the room with only a wooden dresser crowding against the wall.

There we stood...staring at each other, both of us visibly shaking with anticipation.

We both recognized this, and she said: "We haven't even touched each other yet..."

Indeed, our hearts pounded as I asked her to remove her clothes... I stood captivated against the wall for a moment unable to move or speak. She was a sexy woman indeed.

She was bashful all of a sudden, saying that she had issues about her body's appearance. I simply told her the truth and said that we ALL do, and she had nothing to be self conscious about. She was more than beautiful.

Her dark hair fell in little wisps over her perfect face. Her milky skin was accented by the occasional tattoo, glinting colorfully in the light pouring through the window. Her breasts were round and full; unlike any I had seen with my own eyes before...with large flawless nipples standing erect before me. You know, the kind you can barely fit your mouth over? My pulse quickened as my eyes followed her gentle curves downward, the faint signs of motherhood only adding to her pure beauty and my primal attraction. My gaze fell between her legs, and I throbbed with curious need when I noticed that she was completely shaven... I had never seen such a thing and had always wanted too...This could not be real!

I came out of a daze for long enough to notice that she was freezing; I asked if she would mind if I kissed her...she closed her eyes saying in a coy and sexy voice:

"I love kisses, and I don't get nearly enough at home."

This melted my heart, and I pulled her near to me and gently kissed her. Her lips were softer than any I have ever felt before; I could feel her piercing against my lips, cold and delightfully unfamiliar as it caressed my mouth. We stood there for a moment, simply feeling the warmth, our hearts pounding and our bodies shaking like leaves against each other.

I gently pushed her to the bed with my arms and I lay upon her, kissing up and down her body, feeling her breasts against my skin. Her scent was so sweet I nearly fainted, a gentle perfume mixed with her pheromones in just a way that nearly made me desperate for her, like a hungry teenager with the girl next door. I breathed her in and held her for a moment, moving down her body with my lips, stopping for a moment to suck on her nipples.

I remember muttering something about Milk, and she replied in a thick voice.

"Do you want to?" I wasted no time in suckling and nibbling her supple breast like a babe, just a little bit as to not weird her out. Nevertheless, I was soon surprised by a taste sweeter than the finest honey, and I say this with no exaggeration fellas. It was all I could do to keep from nursing like a babe the whole time.

I lost it then, caving in to anticipation and kissing my way down to that mystery between her legs, brushing her shaven mound with my fingers to feel this strange and enticing texture for the first time.

I held my face just above her skin for a moment, breathing in her musk and breathing out hot breath against her skin. She made a little sound as I began gently kissing and licking around the outside of her opening, careful not to get to close just yet. I was making wide circles with my tongue, tickling at her lips and pressing firmly from the bottom all the way up to the top when I tasted her essence all at once and realized exactly how wet she was... her sweet liquid running down the little crease between her inner thigh and her sex. I lapped it up immediately, already intoxicated with her taste and losing control.

Unable to take it any more, I plunged my tongue deep inside of her stretching as far as it would go before flattening its surface and scooping upward as if I could pull every drop into my mouth. She moaned and shivered against me, her back arching as I explored her canal with the curiosity of a much younger man. I felt every inch of her then, running over each spot with persistence and total attention, moving slowly upwards and caressing the nerve clusters that ran along her ceiling into her depths, I just wanted to go deeper and longer...to taste her very core.

She was whimpering by now in a thick and sexy voice, her hands gripping my arms as I pulled and tugged on her nipples with my finger tips. Teasing, tasting and slowly driving her mad with need until she could take no more.

"Sss...Suck on my clit" she begged finally, her fingers moving down occasionally, desperate to touch that special spot that I had avoided for what must have seemed like eternity.

"Is that how you like it?" I whispered, coming up for air only briefly, staring in curious captivation as she massaged herself with her finger, slowly...desperately. "Don't be afraid to touch yourself, I am very inexperienced. Besides... it drives me crazy."

"mmm....I don't want to get in your way.." she said, looking down at me with that perfect, heart stopping smile. I spent a moment sharing her with her fingers, tickling the bottom of her dripping vagina and darting my tongue in and out between her soft pink lips.

Finally I moved up a little bit, slowly replacing her finger with my own. I breathed in her scent once more, and then I gently pulled her labia apart with my thumbs, licking and moistening her as I spread her open. Pulling her hood back with my forefinger, I saw it there, tiny and erect, nearly completely hidden from sight and from touch... her breathing quickened...my mouth began to water at the mere sight of her glistening with wetness and desire.

The next few minutes were a blur of pleasure and pure indulgence. I gently tickled her clit, flicking my tongue up and down and then slowly increasing pressure and rhythm as I grew more and more excited. She whimpered and rocked her hips back and forth against my face and running her fingers through my hair.

On and on like this we went, before her moaning turned to cries of pleasure that could wake the neighbors (had they been sleeping). I licked and lapped like a hungry puppy, kneading her hips with my hands and pulling her against me so I could get deeper with my tongue. Her cries grew more intense and suddenly I tasted her deep in my throat and felt those muscles contract, pushing more and more of her juices down my throat in a flood of pleasure. I gulped eagerly, barely able to keep up without spilling her sweetness from the corners of my mouth.

Never had I felt so much sweet sticky liquid come pouring from a lady, and I made little grunting noises as I fought to swallow every last drop. I snuck a peek up at her face, and saw her eyes closed with a huge joyful grin on her face. My heart soared at the thought that I was pleasing her. I noticed her soft lips smiling, and I asked her if I could kiss her again.

"I don't mind the taste" She said softly. Oh My... I thought. Where has she been all my life? I pulled myself up to her mouth and kissed her softly, letting her taste herself and pressing my body against her.

Then I moved myself along side her, leaving my penis dangling over her face. I turned round and began licking her from above, trapping her clit between my lips and rolling it back and forth making little sucking noises every so often. She reached out and began playing with me eagerly. I felt her slide under me, pulling me down towards her mouth and I nearly came right then and there.

Trying to avoid spilling my essence so soon, I pulled away and stood up above her, her dark hair spread in a fan across the bed as she eyed me with lust and pure joy. It felt oh so good to see that look in such a beautiful pair of eyes.

"You have no idea how sexy you are, do you?"

She giggled, and I told her I wanted her on all fours, with her face in the pillow and rear end high in the air. She cautiously obliged me, and I nearly exploded at the sight of her there, open and exposed before me. I moved up behind and buried my face in her. I plunged deep, licking upward forcefully to massage the internal wall between her birth canal and her rectum. She moaned deeply at this, and her voice only urged me on.

Afraid of getting air getting trapped in such a position, she bashfully pulled away and turned to face me, and I reassured her that she didn't have to worry about such things with me. This was true...there was nothing she could do to turn me off...she was utterly radiant!

I lay there on my side, playing with myself in front of her. She noticed and took hold of me with her delicate little hands, and then slowly she bent down and wrapped her lips around me... ever so gently taking me into her mouth. I watched as if in a spell...she worked her way down the shaft and when I thought she had reached her limit, she slid it deeper and deeper still. Watching my cock slide that deep seemed almost impossible with her tiny mouth, yet there it was.

I had never felt such pleasure...I could feel myself sliding past her tonsils and pressing against the back of her throat and beyond, gently yet persistently working me with her hands until I groaned helplessly. I could only take a few moments of this before I felt my muscles begin to contract and my hips shudder once again.

"Why don't you bring that beautiful pussy up here so I can give it some attention?" I said in a thick voice.

She hummed an approval around my swollen cock and crawled backwards until I could smell her musk and see the honey still running out of her. I grabbed her hips and pulled her down onto my face as if I could wait no longer. We lay there for a moment gently playing with each other and basking in the wonders of 69.

I began licking deep inside of her once more, pressing against her dorsal wall every few seconds to hear her whimper with pleasure. I worked her back and forth, licking every part of her that I could reach and tickling that soft spot between her dripping pussy and her gorgeous rear.

Every so often I would have to reach down and pull my cock away from her warm grip to keep from exploding all over her before the right moment. I could taste her so fully, every little nuance, each unique flavor and smell driving me insane with need.

I felt it building with in me once again, far too strong to control now...I moved my hands down to pull away again and I whispered her name, but she held firmly and merely pushed me deeper into her through making a playful noise that indicated that she was not giving it up this time, and before I could react, the floodgates were opened.

I cried out from my very soul, my quivering voice muffled by her sweet pussy rocking up and down against my mouth. I arched my back and thrust my hips upward and shot waves of come on her face, chest and hands. She let out a little giggle of joy and played with me feverishly...licking the come that ran down my shaft as if it would quench some immense thirst.

She was dripping all over again now. I could feel her growing wetter and hotter each time I touched her clit. She kept sucking and licking feverishly without stopping even after my orgasm, taking me beyond that point where it tickles so bad you think you can not take it any more. My head was swimming as if I was drunk.

I licked...she sucked...her wetness running down my cheeks and onto my pillow as I fought to keep caressing her. I worked that perfect muff until my tongue cramped and I thought I could work it no more... my desire overwhelming any hint of pain as she rode my mouth harder and harder.

Unbelievably, I felt it welling inside me yet again...

I thought: No way...This soon?

But sure enough... she sucked faster and faster and moved her hands up and down in a blur of hasty motion. I whimpered as I arched my back once more, and this time she made a sexy noise of surprise and pleasure as I emptied myself into her mouth, nearly passing out at the sheer joy of her swallowing my come...milking me for every last drop.

I was in a daze, completely ignoring my exhausted tongue as my rhythm changed with hers. Before long, I could hear her crying out again and was surprised by a flood of her essence pouring down my throat again; even more than last time for some reason....I was in heaven!

I gulped every last drop down until her hips finally came to rest and we collapsed next to each other...side by side on the bed. I started laughing with glee at what I had just experienced, losing myself in her heart stopping blue eyes once again.

We stood up shaking and staring at each other in disbelief. Could anyone be that fun to play with? I offered her a shower and a glass of water, and she accepted both with a smile, though I was so daze the poor thing had to ask for a towel.

After we had our clothes on, we realized that she was late in getting back, and that we were out of time. I was standing near the kitchen counter when she asked:

"Is this it for us?" I could tell that neither of us wanted it to be.

"I suppose it is up to you. Unless by some miracle my girlfriend changed her ways, I will be alone and in need for some time. However, I cannot call you myself...."

She smiled. "Well if you ever want to play, I will be married for some time."

I gave her a tight hug and gazed once more into her eyes, her hands running through my hair with a wistful expression. With that she turned and walked out the door, waving and smiling over her shoulder.

When the door closed, I stood motionless and listened to her rushing down the stairs, back to her life and the real world.

What just happened? Was it real? Only minutes had passed and it already seemed like a dream. I walked back into the room and looked at the ruffled sheets, still damp from our love... as if to make sure it was not merely a vision.

I remember thinking: "What sorcery is this?" I felt like Galahad in the fortress of temptation, and I wondered if I would see her again. I lay there on the bed, alone, awake and exhausted...my tongue swollen and sore like never before. My Gods, it was more than worth it...

The next few nights were like a fever...her energy was everywhere...all encompassing...and I was still caught in her spell.

My pagan mistress... moon child. What was she feeling? Was she lying in bed... next to her fool husband, awake and wondering about me? I would have given anything to know.

Even now I can smell her in this cold and empty house, and I dare not hope...