 I sit on my stool at the bar, twirling my glass nervously as I wait. My heart is racing as I anticipate your arrival. I can't believe it's tonight. After weeks of chatting online and exchanging photos and videos, we've finally decided to meet in person. 

We chose a hotel between our two places, and we're meeting in the bar before our dinner reservation. I've been ready for a while, so I came to the bar a little early, deciding to have a drink beforehand to calm my nerves. 

I'm wearing a tight black pencil skirt that fits snugly around my hips and falls to just above my knees. My top is a deep purple sheer button up with a black lacy camisole underneath. Sexy but proper, as ever. My legs are covered in those black stockings I know you love, and I've got on my tallest black stilettos. 

I uncross and recross my legs, squirming a little in my stool. I've got a surprise for you, and I'm getting so turned on thinking about how you'll react to my little secret. As it has countless times since we began chatting, your words and videos replay over and over in my mind, making me so hot I can already feel myself dripping for you. 

I check my phone again for the thousandth time, always looking for a message from you. It's getting close to our reservation, so I know you'll be here any minute. Looking at my reflection in the phone screen, I do one final check of my lipstick. Red, just for you. 

Just as I put my phone down, I notice the bartender sliding another cosmopolitan my way. "I'm sorry, but I didn't order th--"

Suddenly, your voice is in my ear, and I feel your hand at the small of my back. 

"Hey, sexy. You look like you could use another drink."

My breath catches in my throat, and my heart is beating out of my chest. You sound even sexier in person. 

"Hi," I breathe. 

You're still standing behind me, now running your nose along my neck beneath my ear. You inhale deeply. "Fuck, baby. You smell so fucking good."

I squirm slightly on my stool, completely turned on by the feeling of your breath on my skin and your voice in my ear. Keeping your hand on the small of my back, you finally slide in next to me and settle in at the bar. You scoot your stool as close to mine as you can, our legs touching as we sit close. 

"I was watching you for a few minutes before I came over," you say. 

"You were?"

"Yeah. I just had to look at you for a bit. You look incredible. I can't believe we're finally doing this."

"I know," I reply. "You're not so bad yourself, handsome," I say while looking into your eyes. I lick my lips and slowly pick up my drink for a sip, feeling your eyes roaming over my face and lingering on my lips. 

"I love the stockings, baby. Did you wear these for me?" you ask, putting your hand on my knee, very softly caressing my crossed legs. 

"Yes," I answer. "I know how much you like them." 

"Mmm, good girl," you breathe in my ear, grabbing my knee and pulling my legs apart, uncrossing them. "Got anything else under that sexy skirt for me?"

"Yes," I breathe. I adjust my legs, opening them up a little for your hand. You're about to discover my surprise, and I'm practically panting in anticipation. The bar is dimly lit, and it's pretty crowded, but there's a chance someone might see, and the idea is incredibly erotic. 

"Let's see what you've got for me, baby," you say as you slowly begin to inch your hand up my skirt. "I fucking love these stockings..." Your eyes get wide, and your hand stops once you find my surprise. The clips at the top of my thigh highs give away my secret. 

"Fuck. You're wearing garters? That's so fucking sexy," you growl into my ear, inching your hand even higher up my thighs, stretching my skirt tighter against me. "Let's just see what else you've got under here for me."

I simply stare into your eyes, breathing hard in anticipation of what you'll discover next. Another surprise for you. 

Your eyes widen as you feel my wetness against your fingers. I'm not wearing any panties--only my garter belt and stockings, and I'm already soaked for you. 

Suddenly, you pull your hand out of my skirt and throw cash down onto the bar. "Let's go," you growl. 

"But what about our table?" I ask, gathering my bag and standing up, smoothing my skirt over my legs. 

"Fuck the table," you say, grabbing my hand and practically dragging me through the bar and into the lobby, my stilettos clicking on the marble floor as I struggle to keep up with your long strides. We stop at the elevator, and you let go of my hand to press the button, breathing hard and running your hands through your hair in frustrated anticipation. 

The elevator dings, announcing its arrival. You grab my hand again and pull me into the elevator, pushing me against the wall and trapping me with your body once we're inside. I can hear the elevator doors closing as your mouth slams down on mine. I moan into your mouth, opening mine and feeling your tongue slide inside. I grab the lapels of your suit jacket and pull you closer to me. You growl into my mouth, reaching down and grabbing my ass with both hands, pulling me against you and grinding your already hard cock against me. I whimper as you kiss me deeply, loving the feel of your cock pressing into me. 

The elevator slows and stops, and we can hear the voices of other guests about to board. Your hands abruptly leave my ass, and you rip your mouth from mine, growling as you pull away. "Fuck," you mutter under your breath as another couple enters the elevator. 

We're both breathing hard, and my red lipstick is now smeared all over my mouth. There's no doubt our new friends know exactly what they interrupted. You're staring into my eyes, silently communicating what's going to happen once we arrive at our room.

The elevator finally reaches our floor, and you take my hand and lead me out of the elevator and towards the room. You deftly take the key out of your back pocket, slide it in the lock, and open the door. 

You drag me inside the room, and I'm barely able to get a glance at the room before you spin me around and back me against the door, putting your hands against the door and trapping me with your arms, leaning into me and breathing into my neck. 

"You've been a bad girl, you know that?" you ask as you begin kissing my neck, softly caressing with your lips and tongue. You nip my earlobe then soothe it with a kiss before speaking into my ear. "Sitting there at the bar with no panties and a wet pussy. Making me so fucking hard I nearly fucked you right there in the elevator. You know what happens to bad girls, don't you, baby?"

"No," I answer smartly, knowing full well what's coming.

"No? Well let me show you. Get on your knees for me. Now."

I step around you and saunter into the room, swaying my hips in a little show for you as I walk. You follow me, and I turn around again to face you. Looking up into your eyes, I slowly begin to sink down to my knees, running my hands all over your body--over your shoulders and down your chest, over your hard thighs once I get down to a kneeling position. 

I lean forward and begin nuzzling your hard cock with my face, feeling you throbbing even through your pants. Still looking into your eyes, I ask, "What do you want me to do, honey?"

"Reach in and take it out slowly."

I reach up to your belt, unbuckling it, then unbuttoning your pants and slowly sliding your zipper down. I reach in and slowly rub your cock through your boxers, then I pull the waistband of your boxers down, freeing your cock and seeing it bounce in front of me. Your cock is even more beautiful than I imagined, and I can't wait to feel it inside of me. Everywhere. 

I look back up into your eyes expectantly.

"Good girl," you say, and I feel my entire body warm at the praise. "Now take me into your mouth. Nice and slow."

Keeping your stare, I lean forward and take you into my mouth slowly, swirling my tongue around the head. I feel so naughty, kneeling in the floor of this hotel room, sucking your cock while we're both still almost fully clothed. I moan around your cock, loving the feel of you finally inside of me, tasting your precum on my tongue. 

"Fuck your mouth feels so fucking good," you hiss. "Now, reach down and pull your skirt up for me. Show me that pussy."

Your cock still in my mouth, I reach down and pull my skirt up over my hips, revealing my stockings, garter belt, and my bare pussy. You can see my wetness glistening on my thighs. 

"Damn baby, you're fucking dripping. Get up. I have to taste you."

You grab my head and pull me off your cock, helping me up to a standing position. You slam your mouth down on mine, kissing me deeply. We ignite, and our hands are all over each other. Frantically, I push your jacket off of your shoulders and begin unbuttoning your buttons. You unzip my skirt, pushing it down my hips and letting it fall down my legs. I step out of it and unbutton my top. You grab the hem of my shirt, pulling it and my camisole over my head. I'm standing in front of you now in my lingerie - black Demi-cup bra, garter belt, stockings, and stilettos. 

"Christ, baby. You overwhelm me," you say as you walk me back to the bed and softly push me onto my back and you climb into bed beside me. You take my face in your hands, staring into my eyes as you begin running your hands all over my body. 

You kiss my mouth, then run your mouth to my ear and then to my neck, tracing a path of kisses down my body. You reach up and grab one of my tits in your hand, squeezing and pinching my hard nipple. I moan and whimper loudly, "God, baby yes!" I arch my back, begging for you to take my nipple into your mouth. 

Your mouth moves down to my breast, and you close your lips around my hard nipple, over the lace of my bra. You then switch to the other nipple, sucking it as you pinch the other between your fingers. 

"Spread your legs for me, baby," you say, and I open for you. "Wider," you order, "I want you spread wide for me." I'm still in my stilettos, and I bend my knees, spreading my legs as wide as I can with my shoes on the bed. 

With one hand, you pull down one of the cups of my bra, freeing my nipple. You take it into your mouth, biting it softly then soothing it with your tongue. With the other hand, you reach down and slowly begin to run your fingers up and down my wet pussy. I begin to lift my hips, grinding against your fingers. 

"You're so fucking wet, baby," you say, slowly inserting 2 fingers deep inside my pussy. "You like that? You like it when I fuck your wet pussy with my fingers?"

"Mmmm, fuck, yesss," I moan in reply. "God I need you."

"What do you need? Tell me."

"I need you to fuck me."

"I am fucking you, baby," you say as you speed up the thrusts of your fingers. "You need more?" you ask as you lower your face towards my pussy and begin sucking and licking my swollen clit. 

"FUCK, yes!! God I need you to fuck me with your cock," I beg. 

"Ok, baby. I'll give you what you need. But first you're going to cum all over my face," you say before fucking me even faster with your fingers and sucking harder on my clit. 

Your words have brought me closer, and you can feel me beginning to clench on your fingers as I start to cum. I scream and buck my hips wildly, and you lower your mouth to my pussy so you can catch my juices in your mouth as I cum hard. You keep your mouth on me, riding me through my orgasm. 

Once I've come down, you crawl up my body, placing soft kisses up my body. I grab your face and pull you to me, seeing my pussy juices glistening all over your mouth and face. I kiss you hard, loving the taste of me in your mouth. 

You pull off your shirt and pants as you make your way up my body. You're completely naked now, and I can feel your rock hard cock grinding against my drenched pussy as we kiss. I'm so ready for you. 

"Ok, baby. You ready for me?" you ask. I nod. " Then put me inside you," you order. 

I reach down between our bodies, grab your cock, and align it with my pussy, rubbing my slick clit a few times first before pushing the head just inside. Then, suddenly, you give a powerful thrust, and you're all the way in. Finally deep inside of me. 

We both moan loudly together, loving the feel of us joined together, your hard cock stretching my tight pussy. You begin thrusting hard and fast, and I wrap my legs and arms around you, my stilettos and fingernails digging into your back. 

"Fuck, you're so tight!" you moan loudly. "God you feel perfect."

"Mmmmm, yes! Fuck me harder, baby. Make me take it all," I beg. 

You fuck me even harder, reaching down and rubbing my clit with your fingers. I go crazy, bucking my hips and moaning so loudly there's no doubt the people next door know exactly what's going on in our room. 

You feel my pussy beginning to clench down on you. "That's it, baby. Cum for me. Let go and cum all over my cock. Cum like a good girl, and I'll give you my cum like you've been craving."

Your words send me over the edge, and I scream as I cum, drenching you and squeezing your cock tight with my pussy. 

"Oh God you're squeezing me so tight. I'm gonna cum inside you baby," you say, and with one last hard thrust, you begin to cum, shooting your load inside me. My pussy is still cumming, milking and squeezing every drop from your cock. 

You collapse on top of me, both of us breathing hard, staring into each others eyes. You slowly pull out, and I whimper as you leave me. You lean back to watch, and I can feel your cum and my juices dripping out of me. 

"Fuck, that's sexy," you say. 

All I can do is nod, and I reach down and rub our combined juices in my pussy, then I take those same fingers and bring them to my mouth, tasting us. 

"Mmm," I say. " That was amazing, honey."

"Amazing," you agree. 

We just lie there and stare at each other for a moment, just enjoying the afterglow. 

Finally, you break the silence. "So, how about that dinner?"

To be continued...