 Forward

Apparently, there are more than a few out there that would like to see A Day Off continued, judging by the pubic comments. I actually had the same idea, when I threw in the "call me" from Becky in the initial story. I appreciate the kind remarks for one of my first ventures in the erotic writing world.

I hope this second installment generates as much interest and answers the obvious question posted by one public comment. I'm not sure about the overall acceptance of a "mother/daughter ménage a trios", but the idea fascinated me. Personally, I think there may be a great number of men out there that have fantasized about such an encounter. As for the ladies, I think it safe to say "turn about" is, often, fair play - father/son threesomes are certainly not unheard of, either. 

Chapter 1: Renee's Confession

A week had passed since my encounter with Renee and daughter, Becky. I spent my off hours, from construction, going through the myriad of photos taken that day. Putting them on the computer, I went through them as a slide show, the first time, and smiled as each picture sent a new memory through my mind. 

I kept running track of the very best ones and was surprised at how many of the pictures taken by Becky, that day, were quite good. 

"The girl had a talent, or, at least, a knack for capturing a shot at just the right time." I thought to myself, finishing the last of the slide show.

It would be very hard to select the final shots out of all we took, but I knew I'd enjoy the labor involved. I saved all the pictures to my photo editing program and decided to relax in the hot tub before starting the task of final editing and deleting out those I felt weren't good enough.

The thought also occurred to me that both Renee and Becky wanted their own sets and I needed to get additional photo paper before going much farther. Making a mental note, I stripped down, grabbed a bottle of Merlot and a glass, and headed out for the tub.

I poured myself a half glass of Merlot, stepped into the tub, and just started to relax when I saw Renee, peak around her hedge, down by the access road and call out,

"Hi Mike, I could use a little company. How about you?" 

"Hey neighbor! Sure, come over, I just got in, "pau hana" time, know what I mean?" I called back.

I watched as Renee, sauntered along the access road. She wore a light, multi-colored body wrap. Basically a one piece garment that wraps the body and simply trucks in or ties where ever you'd like it. Renee's breasts were accented very nicely and jiggled their way along as she walked up to the lanai, joining me.

"Like to hop in?" I asked, as she came to a halt, a smile on her face.

"Love to, but I don't have a suit." She responded back, giving me a pat on the arm and winking.

"Really, that's perfect, 'cause no suits are allowed in my tub, you know that from your last visit!" I said, grabbing her hand squeezing lightly, and raised to show her my manhood rolling and rocking with the air jetted bubbles.

Renee laughed and reached to undo her wrap, allowing her fabulous breasts to swing free and stepped into the tub, as I rose to help her. Still standing, I told her I'd be right back, we were missing a glass and stepped from the tub.

Renee reached out and gently grabbed my cock saying, 

"Don't be too long, Ok? I really need to talk." 

"Talk? That's new one!" I thought to myself, as I headed in for the extra glass, my cock already feeling the effects of Renee's fingers.

Returning, I poured Renee a half glass, handed it to her and slid back in the tub, sitting directly opposite of her.

"So my dear, what's up? You said you needed to talk and I guess I got a few questions myself." I said, just loud enough to be heard over the tub jets and taking a sip of wine.

Renee lifted her glass to her lips and just before taking a sip said, 

"Well, it's about last week, the afternoon we spent together and all."

"Ya, and? I thought it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I mean you and Becky were an absolute trip Renee. Are you upset now, or what?" I asked, starting to get concerned.

"No, not exactly, but aren't you a bit curious about it all? I mean, there I am involving my daughter in erotic pictures, letting you fuck my ass and allowing her to take pictures of it, to boot!" Renee blurted out, quickly taking a big gulp of wine.

"Curious? Hell yes, I'm curious! I've thought about it all week. What up with your old man? Where's he at? I mean, do I have to look forward to an irate husband and father one of these days, if he finds out? 

"Slow down, it's Ok really." Renee said, sliding over next to me, grasping my cock again, rubbing me absent mindedly and went on,

"My husband left me. Two days before we did the photo session I received a letter from him. He said he'd been seeing someone for months and told me he was staying with her. Whatever I wanted was mine and he'd sign divorce papers as soon as I had them ready." 

"No shit! Just like that huh?" I said, giving Renee a shocked look and added, "No wonder you were so eager." Regretting it the minute it came from my mouth.

Renee jerked my cock hard, slapped me on the arm and said very forcefully, 

"Hey, I was just horny and lonely is all! Don't think you can just swing this big dick of yours anytime and I'll come running!" 

"But, what about Becky, what's her story? And the mother/daughter thing, it was outrageous and I loved it but -." I asked, pausing, even more curious.

"Oh, that's right, change the subject! But, I guess you noticed my husband's lack of mention, where Rebecca is concerned, in his fair well letter. Becky's not his daughter. She's mine from another marriage and they never got along." Renee said, sighing and taking another sip of wine, adding,

"I suppose I'm to blame, but I could never get things right between them, you know what I'm saying?" 

"I guess, but that still doesn't explain Becky's wild side, does it?" 

"Ok look, Rebecca grew up around sex. A lot of sex and I'm not saying it was right at all, but that's what life's hand dealt her. I was a porn star, back in my younger days. At least that's what I called myself. Bottom line we made very low budget movies, little or no plots and a lot of just plain fucking going on. Becky grew up in that environment and knows most of the people I worked with, perhaps a little too well." Renee came back.

"Does that answer your questions? You want to know more of the sordid details?" 

"No, sorry, I didn't mean to upset you. I was just curious about the people involved in one of the best days of my life."

I took a sip of wine and saw Renee's eyes tear up, as she inhaled a shuddering breath.

"Ok, so now you know. Can we still be friends?" 

"Wow, here I sit, naked in a hot tub with an actual porn star, with a daughter who wants to emulate her. Oh and, did I mention, has asked me to fuck her ass, not just fuck her ass, but film it!" I said, rolling my head back and whistling long and low.

"What!" Renee cried out, grabbing my arm, in shock.

"Yup. I found her in my bed 2 days ago, naked. She refused to leave until I promised to set up a filming of her first ass fucking!" I said wincing, at Renee's vice-like grip on my arm.

"Christ, she wasn't kidding." Renee mumbled, and releasing my arm started to rise.

"Hey, Renee, what's going on - where you going?"

"Home dear- home. I think I'd better talk with my daughter." Renee said, her voice trailing off, as she stepped from the tub.

"Thanks for the wine and talk. You gonna be home tomorrow?" She added, drying off with my towel.

"Later on, most likely, I have an early shoot with a tourist." 

"Good. I'll bring the drinks and you be ready, I just may need a shoulder to cry on and a dick to play with!" Renee replied and bent to give me a kiss, before walking off, mumbling to herself.

"Go figure?" I thought to myself and rose from the tub to ready myself for the mornings shoot.

Chapter II: Rebecca's Ideas

It was 9AM and I had gotten my equipment packed ready for the 10:30 appointment, when I heard a voice at my front door.

"Hello - anyone home?"

It was Becky and her voice sounded awful sugary, for that early in the morning.

"Come on in Beck, I'm just getting to ready to leave. What's up?" I called out to her.

Walking in, Becky peaked around the bathroom door and caught me sliding into my surf shorts, my cock still hanging out, and smiling wide said,

"Oooooo, it looks good just hanging there! Let me help!" As she moved towards me, hand out, reaching for my manhood.

I couldn't help but smile back and stood there as Becky grabbed my cock and bent to place a wet, sloppy, kiss on it. Finishing, she gently helped me stuff my dick into my shorts and announced,

"I'm here to help! I want to be your assistant today and, anyway, we have some things to discuss, OK?" She beamed at me.

She was dressed for the part, no doubt in my mind. Becky wore spandex shorts that accented every part of her lower torso. Her pubic mound was tight fitted by the material and a small crease formed where her lips came together and the material went through her crotch. 

Above the shorts, her belly button showed and was accented by a pendant that looked like the pull tab of a zipper. Her mid riff was entirely bare and led your eyes to her large tits, barely covered by a tube top, that had "nipples here" written across it.



Flashing a large smile, she rotated to show me her ass. The spandex bottom hugged her tight and the seam fit very snuggly into her ass crack. 

"So - how do I look? Think I'll pass as your assistant today?" She giggled, turning back around to face me.

Whistling, I nodded my head saying, "If I ever wanted an assistant, you'd be it! Guess I'll hire you for today and see how you do."

As we left, I reached out and squeezed Becky's ass. I had to, it was begging for a squeeze and judging by her reaction I think she would have been upset if I hadn't. Becky turned and kissed me, just before we went through the front door, saying,

"This is going to be great! I won't let you down, you'll see."

I listened to Becky, ramble, as we drove to the photo shoot and felt almost as excited and happy as she seemed to be. Secretly, the idea of a sexy assistant pleased me and I suppose I would have thought about it eventually, but I was happy Becky came up with the idea, none the less.

"So, mom and I talked last night, but I guess you knew that, huh?"

"Ya, she mentioned it, in a mumbling sort of way." I responded, snapping myself out of my thoughts. 

"She was a little peeved about my idea, ya know. But after a couple of hours, a little yelling, and some heart to heart words she relented. Guess she knows I'll do it anyway, with or without her support." 

I smiled and turned to Becky, "So, have you got any ideas? I mean other than just filming your first ass fucking that is."

"Ya, I do and that's what we need to talk about, but first let's do your shoot. We'll have time later to discuss it, OK?" Becky said, grabbing my leg, dangerously close to my dick.

"Sure - fine, anything you say, and oh, by the way, sorry about your step dad." I came back.

"I don't want to go there. He's a fuck, I mean a real fuck, Michael. You have no idea and I'm glad the man's out of our lives! I can't tell you how many times he's tried to get in my pants!"

"Whoa, sorry, didn't mean to upset you, Becky."

"It's OK, hey we about there yet?" She asked, changing the subject.

I turned off the road and went down a deserted stretch of red dirt road, leading out towards the ocean. At the bottom, there sat the tourist car, the husband and wife waiting.

I parked and as we exited the car, Becky and I waved, reacting to a wave from the couple.

"Hi, I'm Michael, your photographer today and this is my lovely assistant, Rebecca." I said, walking up to the couple and extending my hand.

"Hello, glad to meet you both. I'm Rob and this is my wife Sue. So - wow, this is exciting, we didn't realize there would be two of you." Rob said, grabbing my hand to shake it.

"Me either until early this morning, but I think Rebecca will help ease any tensions and she's a very good assistant." I said smiling, trying to recover my hand from Rob's grip.

"Where you guys from?" Becky asked, looking at me for approval.

"Texas." They said, simultaneously.

"All right, ride um cowboy, and all that, huh?" Becky went on, as I turned away, heading for the car.

"Not exactly, we live in Dallas. Urban cowboy style, you know?" Sue responded, with a faint smile.

"Well, welcome to Maui! You guys are going to have so much fun today! Michael is great photographer and he'll capture anything you want to do." Becky said, beaming.

I listened, as Becky did her best to ease Rob and Sue's fears, knowing that if they relaxed the photo shoot would be a great one. I took the time to study them both, as I readied the equipment.

Sue and Rob were average people, neither stood over 5-9, but both seemed to have good physical builds. Rob showed signs of regular workouts and Sue was no stranger to the sun and tanning, and her body, too, had signs of regular physical activity. Sue's breasts appeared large and perky, her nipples poking the light material of her top and the hip wrap she wore was see through, showing off her firm dark legs and a string bikini bottom. Rob wore kaki shorts and no top, his well developed chest muscles, tanned and already sweating. Both sported beautiful smiles and I couldn't wait to see where this might go.

"So, have you two ever done this sort of thing before?" I asked, returning to the group with camera and back drop lights.

"Not really, but we do "swing", back in Texas. We heard about you and thought we'd try this, while on Maui, it sounded like fun. Do you really get naked while you're photographing?" Sue answered for the two of them.

"I do from time to time, depending on how things are going and if I feel the person or couple would feel more at ease with it all." I answered Sue.

"And what about your assistant, Rebecca, does she join in too?" Rob asked, gesturing towards Becky and raising an eyebrow.

"Well, I…" And I found myself cut off by Rebecca.

"Oh ya, me too, I love being nude, it's so – sensual and freeing. Don't you think? And please – call me Becky!" Rebecca piped up, and looking directly at Rob, reached up and slipped her tube top off.

I watched Rob's eyes grow large as Becky's tits bounced free and saw his cock starting to stretch his shorts before I spoke up, a smile on my face,

"That's my assistant, always ready and willing for work!"

"They are quite – I mean she's quite – damn are those real?" Rob faltered, trying to pay Becky a compliment, failing miserably.

"Don't be so crass, Rob! Becky's breasts are lovely and I love her exuberance!" Sue quickly added, slapping Rob's arm.

Rebecca laughed, held her hands under her tits and wiggled them saying, with a lovely smile,

"Yup, they are all me Rob and thanks – to both of you!"

"Ok, now that Becky's broken the ice, did you two have anything, specific, in mind for today's shoot?" I quickly asked, trying to refocus the group's attention.

"We have a great ocean view, nice lava out-cropping, clean white sand and plenty of sunshine. We can do straight shots, semi-nude, nude, erotic, x-rated, anything you'd like. What will it be?"

"The last three, please, as we've come all the way our here. Not much sense in taking shots we could do almost anywhere." Sue responded, watching Becky turn towards the car.

"Where's she going?"

"We have some props and blankets in the car. I told her, earlier, to get them out and guess she finally remembered." I answered Sue. 

"Ok then, guess we're headed for full nudity. You two want to get ready, while I get things set up?" I added, grabbing the back lights and headed toward the lava rock.

"You want us to just strip down – here?" Rob asked, not quite understanding.

"No place better, Rob, you're with friends and it will liberate you. Come on don't be shy!" I heard Becky call out, as she returned with the props.

I looked over my shoulder, smiling, as I saw Sue remove her top and bare a very nice set of tits, browned by the sun except for small string lines and elongated white patches going through her nipple areas, suggesting her normal top was a thin cut indeed! 

Sue looked at Rob, who stood looking a little embarrassed at his wife's quick acceptance of being nude, and chided him,

"Christ Rob, it's not like you haven't been naked before! We aren't swapping, just taking pictures – show Rebecca your wears!"

Before removing her hip wrap, Sue reached out and unsnapped Rob's shorts, which dropped like they were loaded with pocket change, exposing his cock to one and all.

"Very nice Rob! You have a wonderfully thick dick, guess you please a lot of women, huh?" Rebecca said, grinning widely, watching Rob's cock increase in size slightly.

"Ya, a regular Don Juan or so he thinks, back home!" Sue piped up, as she dropped her hip wrap and exposed her string bikini bottom. 

"Come on Rob, I'll take you over and get you set up." Becky said, reaching out and grabbing Rob's hand.

Rob faintly smiled and reluctantly allowed himself to be led in my direction, his pecker bouncing to his steps, slapping his thighs as he walked, all the while Becky chattering away and commenting about how healthy and striking he looked in the nude.

I watched Sue remove her bottom, exposing her nearly clean shaved pussy and tight ass, as I walked over to retrieve a couple more props.

"Love the way you've trimmed your pussy, Sue, that thin pubic hair line just points to the spot doesn't it?" I quipped, bending to pick up the Tea-Leaf head leis and grass skirt.

With a slight blush, Sue smiled at me.

"Thank you Michael, I have gotten several positive comments, glad you like it – may I call you Mike?"

"Sure, no problem."

"Good – well Mike, I'd really feel better if you'd join us. Being nude I mean. I don't know about Rob, but I'd love to see your manhood. Would you mind terribly?" Sue asked, reaching out to squeeze my arm and smile wider.

"I think I can help you, Hun. Come on, let's go on over and get ready." I answered Sue, putting my arm around her shoulders and leading her over to Rob and Becky.

Handing Rob, one, Tea Leaf head lei and Sue the other I looked at Becky and said,

"My dear, we have been asked to join in and ease the tensions a little." as I started to undo my surf shorts.

Becky's face lit up and she quickly dropped her spandex shorts revealing her sexual beauty. I followed suit and as my cock freed itself from my shorts, I asked Rob and Sue if they were ready.

With eyes wide, Rob and Sue both nodded, as Rob stared at Becky's love nest, his cock rising to full attention, and Sue licked her lips staring at my large dick, now just showing signs of life.

"Ok, for this first shot I want you to help Sue with the grass skirt, Becky. This will be a classic Hawaiian Warrior pose, with Wahine." I said, getting lights and camera ready.

Becky did as asked and made it a point to bend over in front of Rob, just brushing his cock with her young, tight, ass, as she helped Sue get ready. Smiling, Becky turned and touched Rob's hardened penis lightly and told him to relax!

"Oh ya, that's - easy for you to say!" Rob stammered, with a slight shudder in his voice.

"Ok Rob, I want you to turn sideways, facing the ocean. Stretch your right arm out and up, lift your head like you're peering deep out into the ocean, OK?" I started my instructions.

"Sue, you kneel down on your right knee and stretch your left leg out. I want you to put your right hand on Rob's ass cheeks and grab his dick with your left hand, understand?"
