 It was a typical fall day in Vermont; the leaves on the hills were exploding into a fiery collage of reds, oranges, and yellow. Remarkably, the sun was out and the rays warmed the brisk air. These days led to an air of excitement, and people rush from their small rooms and into the sprawling green fields surrounding campus, both sexes wearing their summer clothes for what always could be the last of the year. Much like the rest of my fellow students, I ran out into the field wearing shorts and a t-shirt and grabbed a few of my buddies and the pigskin for a day outside.

As the game heated up, my friends and I shed our shirts, showing off our masculine youthful bodies to the females scattered around the area. As I went deep on a route into the endzone, the ball soared just out of reach and bounced fortuitously to the feet of a staggeringly beautiful brunette wearing a peach and rose-colored sundress. Her brown hair cascaded over the sides of her tanned face, and her dark brown eyes seductively locked with mine as I jogged over to the football. Smiling, I bent over to grab the football slightly positioning myself to display my rounded muscular ass. I obviously set off a trigger as she coyly commented, "Why don't you stop playing ball so I can play with yours..."

Shocked at her forwardness but delighted nonetheless, I tossed the ball back to my buddies and sat down next to my new acquaintance. I introduced myself and she replied with her name, Karen. After a few sexually charged jokes, I noticed Karen had a certain edge to her, a dominant streak manifested by her forward sexual commands and penetrating, unfaltering gaze. As we continued to talk, she slowly started to spread her legs, revealing a stringy pair of black underwear that showed off her shaved, creamy skin. Aroused by the discussion and the wonderful sight in front of me, my erection began to push against the confines of my pants. Noticing the tent in my pants, Karen unabashedly stroked my erection, and without warning, gave a slight tug to my zipper. With people around too consumed with their own activities to pay any attention, Karen plunged her cold hand into my boxers and softly grabbed on to my cock, providing a strong contrast and overwhelming pleasurable feeling to the heat of my thronging erection. I closed my eyes enjoying the sensation as she began to quickly move her hands up and down my shaft. Too horny at this point to do much of all, I asked if she wanted to move this back to my place. 

Karen smiled, and said, "Why don't we just head back to mine. I have a few surprises for you." Unsure of what she meant but excited to find out, I tucked my erection into a more discrete position and we quickly made our way over to her room not far away. Along the walk we couldn't keep our hands off each other. Opening the door to the room, I pushed Karen hard against the wall and held her wrists together over her head as I began to kiss gently down her arms, then under her neck. My lips and tongue worked in unison as I sensuously kissed the sensitive areas of her neck and moved up to her ear, breathing ever so softly and nibbling on the lobe. Her moans grew louder as my hands and mouth explored her shoulders. My erection pressed against her as our hips bucked in a torrent of passion. With purposeful slowness, I moved my hand up her thigh under her sundress, and massaged her inner thigh with a circular motion, driving her even crazier. I moved my hand closer to her heat, feeling her wetness on her shaved skin. Her moans continued to resound in my ear, and her hips moved towards my hand, begging for my fingers to pleasure her. Using my hand, I cupped her lips and used my middle finger to glide in between her wetness for the first time, stopping just short of her clitoris, delaying the pleasure. I moved my hand back down and with relatively ease slipped my middle finger into her, feeling her muscles pull me in. 

Removing my finger momentarily, I moved down onto my knees and slid her dress up above her waist and pulled down her panties. I kissed up the length of her legs, paying particular attention to the area behind her knees and the inner parts of her thighs. Breathing in her sweet aroma, I licked up her wetness and began to swirl my tongue around her clitoris without actually touching it. My own teasing was driving her crazy as her motions were completely out of her control, guided only by the burning fire inside her. Finally, I flicked my tongue over her clit while moving two fingers inside her, and pulled them in a come-hither motion. Within seconds her screams resounded around the room as her hands and leg curled around my head pulling me closer and not letting me move from my position. Her body began to vigourously shiver and with a thunderous explosion of energy she screamed, "IM CUMMIINGG!!" And with one last twitch her body became limp in a post-orgasmic stupor, finally providing me with some freedom to move.

I slowly moved my hands up her body, removing her sundress in the process. Her body was even more impressive in the nude as her dazzling neckline plunged into a pair of small, perky breasts, outlined faintly with a nice tan line. Her flat stomach plunged elegantly with a sexy V shape into her completely shaved and tangy tasting vagina. Burning with my own desire, I picked her up and moved her over to the bed. Her eyes pierced into mine, and her brown eyes glinted with lust. Recharged, she flipped me over onto my back, straddled my waste, and pulled my shirt over my head. She reached down and kissed me deeply, tasting her own juices still on my lips.

With quickness, she jumped off and reached under her bed and revealed a pair of handcuffs and a blindfold and twirled them deviously around her fingers. She jumped back onto the bed and forcefully grabbed my hands and cuffed them to the wire framed bedpost and then slipped the blindfold over my eyes. I was entirely at her will and I loved it. My cock was rock hard at this point and pre-cum had saturated through my boxers. Not being able to see attuned my other senses, and for a few moments, I felt and heard nothing. Then, at the tip of my toes, I felt her lips slowly cover my toes, sucking on them and sending electric shocks through my entire body. She switched between toes and slowly made her way up my body with her lips, bypassing my rock hard erection and moving up to my chest, my neck, and my ears. Her licking, sucking, caressing, nibbling, and rubbing drove me to the edge of orgasm without even touching my cock.

As she made her way back down, I became increasingly excited in my anticipation. Once again, however, she skipped over my aching erection and lifted my balls with one hand.

"Finally I get to play with these," she whispered. She proceeded to lick around my testicles causing them to retract and relax as the blood pulsed through my body. Her hand moved under my back side and kneaded my ass as she sucked in each testicle into her mouth and flicked her tongue around. She moved her hand slowly to my asshole, twirling her finger around its puckered opening sending shocks of pleasure through my body. Reaching over to the bedside counter, she picked up some lubricant and spread it over her fingers and my backside. Surprised by her actions but excited nonetheless, She licked one finger and slowly inserted it into my asshole, sliding it into my body as she expertly stroked my prostate and sucked my balls at the same time. The pleasure was beyond anything I had ever felt, and my body began to convulse. As she entered another finger into my ass, my entire body was bucking off the ground and my cock was harder than it had ever been. With one swift movement, she engulfed my entire cock into her mouth and without hesitation, I exploded down her throat, sending a massive load down her throat. Her continued stroking of my prostrate kept me hard and she proceeded to give me the best blowjob I had ever experienced, and within a couple of moments my body convulsed again as an orgasm swept through my entire being. I uttered the only thing that could come to mind, "Wow."

Karen replied, "Now that we have foreplay out of the way, we can really get into it." She removed my blindfold and sauntered away into the closet. What surprise she was reaching for I was dying to find out...

Tell me what you think! All feedback appreciated! Part 2 soon to come.