 Kate thought she had paused too long. She had caught sight of what she thought was someone stood not too far from the French doors. In her state she had continued to rotate and slide her viberator in and out of herself until her brain had finally kicked in and had made her stop. Kate had dropped the toy to the carpet and grabbed her robe. In her rush she stood bare naked at the French doors for a few seconds her ample body on display until she had managed to grab both sides of her robe and pulled them together.

Kate caught herself holding her breath and let out a long ragged breath that quickly misted the glass in front of her. She scanned the dark patio and garden beyond. It was almost midnight and with the moon barely new her view of what lay beyond the doors was nothing more than shades of grey to black. The light wind made the darkened tree's sway and their inky shadows played tricks with her eyes for a moment the whole garden was filled with slinking figures watching her.

Kate gave out a snort of a laugh and cursed herself for being so gullible at her age. She walked back to the settee and settled back down with the robe drawn tightly around her body. Kate picked up her mobile from the low coffee table in front of her. The message from her husband had been short 'home in an hour xx' that had been over an hour ago, but she was not worried though, her husband was never good with time he had even been late to their wedding twenty years ago. She put the phone back down and picked up her almost empty wine glass.

She smiled before sipping the last of the red liquid. A whole bottle consumed all on her own, no wonder she was seeing things. Kate lay back on the settee and found her hands were wandering. The robe belt slipped apart easily and her hands pulled the thick material away from her body, the cool air made her dark thick nipples stand erect before her fingers had even had a chance of circling her puckered areola. Kate gave the French doors a glance and was greeted with nothing but darkness. She felt silly wondering why anyone would be peeping in on a forty year old house wife playing with herself. Again she paused, her finger and thumb of both hands gently held her erect nipples and just for a moment Kate found herself a bit disappointed that she was not being watched.

At forty, Kate was a natural redhead and when it came to figures she landed on the curvy side. Her breasts had swollen with the birth of her twins almost nineteen years ago from a 32c to 36D, her waist had grown as well but she had found her added curves were a delight. Never had she received so many lingering looks than after pregnancy. Even her husband Stuart had grown even more amorous and spent ages toying with her new body, when she allowed it. Perhaps it was the bottle of wine or just Kate wanting a little bit of a thrill, whatever it was she had started to imagine someone at the French doors. Dark clothing, hood pulled up high so no face to waste her imagination on though if push came to shove Gerard Butler was a good starting place she thought. 

Kate's right hand left her nipple, her fingertips slipping over her swollen breast and down across her saggy belly. Her left hand played with her nipples, alternating between them both, squeezing gently or just rubbing her palm ever so lightly across the erect nubs of dark flesh. In her mind's eye the figure at the doors had reached down, rubbing at the unseen bulge in his trousers.

Kate bit her wine stained, full bottom lip as her fingertips found her matted red bush. Her clitoris already buzzed with expectation. Kate found herself still engorged, her labia moist and swollen her middle finger slipped easily between them and ran slowly up catching her clitoris and sending small bursts of fire across her body. Her finger lingered on her clitoris small pulses of soft and hard touches, igniting her whole body in varying bursts. When Kate's finger slipped back down she found her labia wet and her finger easily slipped inside her, a slight curve and her finger found her g-spot. In Kate's mind the figure at the door had pulled his cock out, the light from the living room casting enough light for her to make out the solid pale length that he worked in one clenched fist.

Kate spread her legs further and her left foot found her discarded viberator. She picked it up keeping her right hand firmly in place between her legs. The pink toy was seven sticky inches of vibrating pleasure. Kate lifted her hand from her vagina, noticing how wet her palm and fingers were and took hold of the viberator. As the tip nudged at her labia she turned the small dial and felt the vibrations pulse through her eliciting a long moan.

Kate worked the vibrator slowly, never feeding the whole thing into her, but rotating it this way and that attacking her g-spot for a moment or pulling out and making her moan even louder as the buzzing tip pressed against her swollen clitoris. The fantasy man at the doors worked his cock fast which made Kate work herself faster matching his pumping fist to the thrusts of her toy.

"Blimey! Now this is a warm hello." The sound of Stuart made Kate jump and let out a small scream. He stood in the doorway to the living room, admiring the side profile of Kate in the middle of pleasuring herself.

"How long have you been there?" she had hoped the regret she felt at being interrupted was not apparent in her voice. "You bloody scared me."

Stuart grinned, "Not long enough sadly," he stepped into the room still grinning, "but long enough to like what I see."

Kate smiled back, the fright and regret ebbing at the sight of the growing bulge in her husband's trousers. She pulled herself to a more upright position as she took the viberator out and lifted it to her mouth, "did you like what you saw?" she asked in a faux husky voice. Kate stuck her tongue out and ran it from the base to tip of the viberator.

Stuart had undone his trousers before he had gotten to the settee; they were around his ankles by the time he knelt between his wife's parted legs. Kate looked at him and glanced down, his cock was already out, hard and jumping with excitement. Stuart lowered his head his bald patch glinting off the ceiling light. Kate's moan came long and low as Stuarts tongue ran slowly between her labia and across her clitoris. His hands reached up running across her ample breasts and over her hard nipples. 

His tongue toyed with her for a few minutes longer and when he finally came up for air his face was a sticky mess. "Why the hell are you stopping? I am so close." Kate said. She was moments away from a shuddering orgasm when Stuart had retreated.

Stuart moved closer nudging his cock between Kate's meaty labia, feeling their wet warmth and embrace as the tip of his cock spread them apart. As he pushed himself further into Kate he leaned forward eager to get his mouth round his wife's ample tits. He worked his hips slowly. Long, slow inward thrusts while his tongue danced over Kate's hard nipples before taking them in his mouth.

Kate leaned her head back, her legs, gripped her husband's waist as he ground down on her, his positioning perfect for her to grind her clitoris onto him and add to the electrical charge that was stemming from his breast work, she knew her orgasm was not far off. 

Kate opened her eyes and lifted her head up to tell Stuart how close she was when she noticed the figure just beyond the French doors.

Her heart skipped, her belly filled with butterflies, for a moment she thought her imagination was getting away with her again. But this figure had a solidity that her imagination could not conjure. They were near the step that led to the small patio and was partially hidden by a large fern, but she could easily make out the mass of a body. Stuart had started to speed up his thrusts. His cock worked deeper into Kate, Stuart had lifted his own head now eyes fixed on Kate's tits he loved the way they jiggled as his strokes pushed his cock into her. Kate opened her mouth to say that someone was outside but the words stuck in her throat.

Kate could see slight movement and knew what the figure was doing and that it was at least male. Her excitement made the fear and surprise she felt dissipate. She felt naughty, she felt rude. 

Her next moan came out far louder than usual; she wanted whoever was outside to know how good Stuart was fucking her. 

"You okay?" Stuart asked in surprise at how loud her moan had been.

Kate nodded, then surprising herself said, "Fuck me over there." She motioned with her head to the French doors. She was pushing herself off the settee before Stuart had chance to pull free, her pussy let go of his cock with a loud slurp. 

Kate bent forward, planting her palms on the cold glass as she spread her legs for Stuart.

Stuart was surprised at the way Kate had said 'fuck.' Kate was not one for rude words even during sex, and then to order him to do her by the French doors was even more surprising. Kate had loved showing off her curves but never in revealing clothing and outdoor sex had been a no-no for almost the entire time they were married. Kate, though adventurous behind closed doors, was almost a wall flower when out and about. 

Stuart wasted no time, he worried that Kate would suddenly come to her senses and realise what she had said and where she wanted to have sex. With one hand he gripped his hard, sticky cock and the other hand he steadied himself with on one of Kate's large, round arse cheeks. He slipped inside her with no problems going deep with his first thrust. Stuart gripped her arse cheeks in both hands and continued to drive long and deep into Kate.

Kate had felt nothing like it before, the thrill of being watched by a stranger. She could imagine what her spectator could see from outside. Her face filmed in sweat, her hot breath fogging up the glass and her large breasts dangling beneath her swinging back and forth with the rhythmic thrusting of her husband. Kate watched the dark figure, she so wanted him to step closer, to see him working his cock to the sight of her curvy sweat coated body. But he remained elusive in the night darkened shadows. Kate pushed back onto her husband and reached under her. Her fingers found her clitoris and the slick, hot rod that was her husband's cock.

Just the slightest touch of her fingertip was enough to set her off. It was as if she had stuck a bare wire to her clitoris and flicked a switch. The intense heat and electric like surge that passed through her body made Kate gasp out loudly as her orgasm exploded like an atom bomb. Her moan started off low and built to crescendo of moans and gasps. Her knees shook and Kate was barely able to stay bent over as the orgasm searched out every nerve in her body. "Fuck," Stuart exclaimed his thrusts becoming quicker as he approached his own peak, "Oh Fuck," he spat out his body flopping down across Kate's back who could barely hold herself up let alone someone else. 

Stuart thrust fast and hard as his hands reached under and groped and tugged at Kate's pendulum like hanging tits. "FUCK!" he spat out, his body becoming rigid, his cock buried deep into her and erupting a thick stream of hot cum inside her. After a few moments he thrusted again a couple of more times ejecting as much cum from himself and into Kate as he could. 

The pressure on Kate was too much and they both collapsed in a mess of heavy breathing and sticky bodies. "That was something else Kate." Stuart said as he started to catch his breath again. He kissed one warm shoulder, tasting Kate's salty sweat on her skin. "Where did that come from?"

She shrugged coyly, sparing a quick glance outside as she turned herself round into a far more comfortable sitting position. The man, whoever he was had gone. "Perhaps it was the bottle of wine and going a bit too long without S-E-X." Stuart smiled now that sounded like the Kate of old. He kissed her long and deep his hands resting on her waist. "Go shower, you stink of work." Kate said as their lips separated.

Kate, put on her robe as her husband wandered upstairs. She lingered at the French doors, one hand on the handle the other on the key in the lock. The urge to go outside was almost overwhelming, to see where he had stood to perhaps see if he had left anything behind too. Kate shook her head, it was gone midnight what could she possibly see. She sighed and headed out of the living room turning off the light and sparing one more look over her shoulder as she went.

As Kate drifted to sleep she began to wonder if the visitor had been before, certainly this was not the first time she had found herself at home, alone and enjoying herself. Perhaps this was the most blatant display but at the time that had not been her intention the moment had gotten away from her. As her eyes began to close and her husband's rhythmic deep breathing settled her own heart and breathing she found herself planning her next show and perhaps, just perhaps discovering who her dirty little friend was. She smiled to herself as sleep embraced her, wouldn't it be wonderful if it was Gerard Butler.

End of Part one.