 AUTHOR'S NOTE: "Beyond the Ordinary" will be a series of stories about the further escapades of Ron and Jenna from my series "Uncharted Territory." Each story will be a standalone story and not a continuation of the one before it. 

***** 

Sisterly Love 

Life had returned to something he could consider normal, although he had never really been certain what "normal" was. There was no denying that his relationship with Jenna had taken him into uncharted territory. She had reawakened him sexually, and before they had become exclusive, he had experienced sex with other women including one older woman and a former girlfriend, threesomes with two of those other women and one with Jenna and his ex-girlfriend, a foursome with an older couple who were Jenna's former neighbors, not to mention a jaunt to a wild sex club. Each had been new and exciting for him. 

And so, after the last threesome with Mary, his former girlfriend and the finalization of his divorce from Dana, a process which had been going on before he even started with Jenna, he had asked Jenna if they could hold off on any further excursions into uncharted territory. She had readily agreed, realizing she had thrown a lot at him in a short time, and she even managed to keep their sex life exciting without all of the kink. Knowing her as he did, he hadn't expected the respite to last more than a couple of weeks, but it had, and he wasn't certain if she was waiting for him to green light further activities or that she just hadn't been able to find anything that went beyond the ordinary. 

As he entered his two-bedroom apartment, which he now shared with Jenna, a little later than usual—as director of IT for Ford Enterprises, his schedule was never a guarantee—Ron had a feeling it was all about to change. 

He heard two voices and instantly wondered whom Jenna was talking to. The other was clearly another female, and as she knew very few people here, his first thought was a return to their previous escapades. Had she brought someone home for a threesome or some other kinky reason? A part of him was excited . . . until he thought he recognized the voice. 

Both women stood. It had been a long while, but he of course recognized his sister, Rhonda. While that in itself was a surprise because they hadn't seen or talked to each other in quite some time, what was even more shocking was to see Jenna clad only in bikini panties, her marvelous breasts and legs on display, and Rhonda with a thin short-sleeved, low-cut shirt, obviously braless underneath, and also only in skimpy panties. 

He was simply too stunned to say anything. 

* * * 

Jenna was, at first, jealous to see the attractive woman knocking on the door to Ron's apartment when she arrived home. Her initial thought was that the woman was another ex-girlfriend. But Jenna cautioned herself not to jump to conclusions just yet. Ron had given her no reason to be distrustful. 

"Can I help you?" Jenna asked evenly. 

"Jenna?" 

"Yes," she confirmed with mounting curiosity. 

"I'm Rhonda, Ron's sister." She held out her hand. 

Accepting and shaking the woman's hand, Jenna remembered that Ron had a sister and vaguely recalled the name. But what was most redeeming was that Jenna could now see the resemblance. "What a nice surprise," she said to be friendly. 

"Thanks. But I'm not sure my brother will see it that way." There was obvious nervousness in the woman's demeanor. 

Ron didn't talk much about his sister. Jenna knew they weren't that close nor did he speak to her very often. So, she was quite likely right. "Oh? And why is that?" 

"May I come in?" 

It was kind of awkward standing here in the hallway. "Of course," Jenna said, unlocking the door. Once inside, Jenna gestured to the sofa. "Please. Have a seat. Can I get you something to drink?" 

"A glass of white wine would be helpful right now, if you have it," Rhonda said with a restive smile. 

"Yes, I think you're right," Jenna agreed as she stepped into the kitchen to pour the wine, suddenly thinking this might not have been such a good idea. She quickly returned with the filled glasses. 

Rhonda took a jittery sip. 

"And you were saying why your brother might not think this is a nice surprise," Jenna prompted. 

"My husband left me," Rhonda began with some emotion. "Ron never wanted me to marry him in the first place because he believed Tony was not very responsible." She took a deep breath and another sip. "My brother was right." 

Jenna felt very sorry for the woman. She had a vulnerability that encouraged sympathy. Jenna also found her quite likeable, even after only knowing her for a few minutes. Jenna further decided that she was quite attractive. Her tight shirt hinted at fair-sized, nicely rounded breasts, and her snug jeans outlined a shapely rear and toned legs. "No chance the two of you would get back together?" 

Shaking her head, Rhonda said, "This is not the first time he's walked out. I took him back the previous two times. This is the third strike. He's out." 

Jenna nodded her understanding. "How do you feel about this?" 

"The longer I'm away, the better. I came here because my brother will give me the strength to go through with this and not give in—after he gets over being mad." 

"I have to tell you, Rhonda. I've haven't seen a side of Ron that makes me believe he can be that angry." 

She shrugged. "Yeah, I've heard he's mellowed. Some say it's because of you. I hope you're right." 

Jenna smiled warmly at the compliment. "I probably shouldn't say this, but I'm sure you know, he just went through a divorce. So, I'm not sure he's in a position to judge." 

"Yeah, I'm counting on that also." 

The two ladies paused for a minute to sip their wine. 

"You're very nice, Jenna," Rhonda further complimented. "Dana (Ron's ex-wife) would have never been so accommodating." 

"You trying to win over an ally?" Jenna asked lightheartedly and with a smile. 

Rhonda returned the smile, her first, and patted Jenna's leg lovingly. "I'll take what I can get, but that's not why I said that. Some people you just like right away. I really appreciate you taking the time with me. Another woman might have run into the bedroom, called Ron and told him to get home right away, and just left me to sit until he did." 

There was something in the way Rhonda touched Jenna's leg that had the latter seeing her differently; as though she might not be a stranger to the affections of another woman. Jenna reached out and rubbed her palm up and down the other woman's upper arm in the same manner. "As you said, some people you just like right away. So, if it's not too personal, what are the issues between you and Tony?" 

Rolling her head from side to side, Rhonda said, "It's complicated." 

"It always is." 

"You really want to know?" 

"I wouldn't have asked." 

With an uneasy smile, Rhonda went on, "I don't know if this is a subject you would be comfortable in discussing." 

"And what subject would that be?" Jenna persisted to prove her resilience. 

Somewhat embarrassingly, Rhonda mumbled, "Sex." 

With a smirk, Jenna revealed, "I hate to admit it, but that's one of my favorite subjects." 

A big smile formed on Rhonda's face. "I knew there was a reason I liked you immediately." 

"So, I'm guessing you not providing it was not the problem." 

"As I said, it's more complicated than that." Again, her uneasiness was showing. "This is hard to admit." 

"Believe me, I'm in no position to judge you." 

"Well, the thing is . . . I . . . I needed more than he was willing or able to give." 

Jenna placed her hands gently on Rhonda's shoulders, a gesture the latter found endearing. "Nothing to be ashamed about. Believe me, I know the feeling." 

That opened the floodgates. "As I've gotten older, I feel as though I can't get enough sex," Rhonda admitted. "Tony would only do it when he wanted me to have it." 

"Sounds awfully controlling," Jenna observed. 

"Ya think?" 

Shaking her head in stupefaction, Jenna had to say, "It's almost hard to believe that a man who was married to a woman who was always ready for sex wouldn't take advantage of it." 

"Well, he wasn't really very good at it, quite possibly because he wasn't very well equipped. I think the way he compensated was, as you pointed out, to try to be a controller." Rhonda grinned devilishly. "But I wouldn't let him." 

"Well, good for you." Jenna leaned closer, putting her hand on Rhonda's knee. "I have to ask, how did you compensate?" 

She held up her middle finger, wiggling it back and forth. "Manual manipulation." 

Completely surprised, in complete astonishment, Jenna asked, "You survived only with your finger? No toys, no . . . one else?" 

Hanging he head in shame, Rhonda said, "That's about as much as I care to admit right now." 

"Why? You're on a roll." 

"It's the kind of thing that many people frown upon." 

"I told you, I'm in no position to judge." 

Taking a deep breath, Rhonda leaned forward and planted a sloppy kiss on Jenna's lips. When she pulled back, she was horrified by the appalled expression on Jenna's face. "Oh, my, I'm so sorry. I told you you would frown on it. I knew it was the wrong thing to do, but I couldn't help myself. You just looked so inviting—" 

Jenna reached out and put a finger to Rhonda's lips to shush her, and then, just as quickly, pressed her lips to Ron's sister's. Though taken aback, Rhonda was so starved for love, she didn't dare question the return affection, and instead, relished the kiss with complete abandon. 

When they broke it off, Jenna said, "So, you like women?" 

"I had a friend who had a similarly bad marriage. We commiserated. First, it was just hugs, then a quick kiss here and there, and those turned to more passionate kisses, and, well, you can figure the rest. I enjoy being with a woman, but there's still nothing better than a hard dick." 

"You got that right." 

"So, you do girls, too?" 

"Occasionally." 

"Does Ron know?" 

With a nod and wicked ideas forming in her head, Jenna unabashedly said, "So far, I have only done women as part of a threesome with him." That's all she needed to know right now. Perhaps in the future, Jenna would talk about her marriage. 

Rhonda's eyes lit up excitedly. "My brother does threesomes?" 

Jenna merely nodded with a big smile. 

"Wow! He's come a long way from Dana." Rhonda shivered. "This conversation is making me horny—not that it takes a lot for that to happen." 

"Me, too." 

"Well, then," Rhonda said with a tickled smirk, "mind if I have another . . ." her lips made contact with Jenna's before she finished her question. 

Nor did Jenna resist, this kiss quickly escalating to passion. The longer it lasted, Jenna had the weird feeling that kissing Rhonda was eerily similar to kissing her brother. It made Jenna wonder if brother and sister had ever done anything sexual together, or at least, maybe practiced kissing when they were younger. Now, there was an erotic thought that manifested itself in the aggressiveness of her kissing. When Rhonda hesitantly eased her tongue into Jenna's mouth, the latter surprised the former by licking it rather than simply dueling with it. Rhonda clearly had not expected that, but totally loved the titillating concept. It made her breathing quicken. As their familiarity grew, the kisses became less urgent and more loving. 

Rhonda cupped Jenna's neck as Jenna's arm wrapped around Rhonda's back. It wasn't long before Jenna's hands were under Rhonda's shirt and had lifted it to the bottom of her bra. And shortly after that, Rhonda lifted her arms to encourage Jenna to remove the shirt. Ron's girlfriend quickly accommodated Ron's sister, and the two parted lips only long enough to complete the task. 

With rising fervor, Jenna eased Rhonda onto her back to stretch out on the sofa, and then came down on top of her, their lips never parting. Jenna couldn't help pawing Rhonda's breasts. They weren't as big as her own, but were still of fair size. After getting a nice "feel" for them, Jenna's hand drifted down between the other woman's legs, pulling up her skirt to touch the wet crotch of her panties. 

Rhonda let out a short giggle, not that anything was funny, but more out of joy, and with their lips parted, she quickly undid her skirt, pushing it down so she could kick it off. With her hand back between Rhonda's legs, Jenna pulled the elastic to one side. Her bare finger on the other's clit was electrifying for both of them. After several seconds of rubbing, as Jenna became the aggressor, she pushed Rhonda's bra up to expose her breasts. Jenna's lips were instantly drawn to Rhonda's cute little nipples. Jenna's hand returned between the other's legs to an ever moistening pussy. 

It took no mystic power for Jenna to determine that it had likely been some time since Rhonda had had any kind of sex. On the flip side, the milder copulation that Jenna and Ron had had of late coupled with the fact that this was his sister kicked her up a few notches on the stimulation scale. It had also been some time since Jenna had been with another woman, so she was ready for a taste of pussy. 

Squirming down, Jenna again pulled the elastic of Rhonda's panties aside and zeroed in. Rhonda braced for another electrifying jolt, and was not disappointed. Jenna's tongue felt divine. As Rhonda had mentioned, she and her friend had done girl-girl sex, but neither really knew what they were doing, just enough to get each other off. But Jenna was obviously highly skilled in cunnilingus. Her mouth against Rhonda's pussy was doing things and providing feelings Rhonda had never experienced. Her labored breathing reflected that fact. 

Getting even more serious, Jenna yanked Rhonda's panties and bra off giving herself better access, and then stripped herself down leaving only her panties on. 

"Oh, my, no one's ever given me oral sex this good!" Rhonda moaned. 

Jenna's tongue movement became quicker alternating darting it in Rhonda's hole and flicking her clit. 

Rhonda had been so deprived and was so desperate to come, but just as she was about to explode, they heard a key in the lock. She sprang up, nearly knocking Jenna to the floor. "Oh, no! Is that Ron?" 

"Better be," Jenna calmly answered, amused by Rhonda's sudden fright. "Calm down." 

But Rhonda still scrambled to jump back into her panties. But she knew she would never have time to get much more on so she slipped her shirt back on without her bra. 

When Ron entered, Jenna stood and faced the front door. For lack of anything better to do, Rhonda followed suit. She readily saw his stunned expression and wondered whether it was because she was here, or more likely, their scanty appearance. 

"Look who came to visit!" Jenna announced gleefully. She, too, was curious what caused his reaction. 

"And you've obviously been getting to know her," Ron said, stepping up to his girlfriend and wiping pussy juice from her chin with his finger. Assuming the same bodily fluids coated her glowing lips, he refrained from kissing her. Turning to his sister, eying her up and down, he greeted her by saying, "And you've obviously made yourself comfortable. What brings you here unexpectedly?" 

Now, it was Rhonda's turn to be dazed. 

Jenna was amazed to see her freeze up. She wondered exactly what the nature of these siblings' relationship was. 

"Tony left—" 

"Again?" 

"—and I needed someplace to go so I wouldn't take him back." 

"Well, that's the first sensible thing I've heard you say." Ron kept his voice even, allowing no emotion. "What was it this time?" 

"Same old, same old." 

Jenna was instantly curious what reasons Rhonda had given him in the past, particularly if she did not think her brother was sexually open-minded. 

Ron nodded. 

"Would it be okay if I stayed here for a bit?" Rhonda nervously asked. 

Jenna desperately wanted to give her approval, but knew better than to interfere. 

For the first time, Ron saw an innocence in his sister that he had never noticed before. He could see that she was desperate and the fear in her eyes told him that it was not easy for her to come to him, particularly with the little compassion he had shown her before. The problem was, he didn't know how to be kind to her since he had not shown her much in the past. 

A part of him wanted to be annoyed with Jenna because he knew she was the reason he was now able to feel this way toward Rhonda. He looked to his girlfriend for . . . what? 

Jenna thought she knew Ron well enough by now to see the emotional struggle he was experiencing. She offered him a brief smile, a barely perceptible nod, and a wink. 

But even though Jenna had given him what he took to be non-verbal approval, he still asked, "Jenna, what do you think?" 

"Of course, she can stay." The two women glanced at each other and smiled almost conspiratorially. 

"Okay, then. You can stay." 

That unleashed a flood of tears from Rhonda as she threw her arms around her brother. "Oh, thank you, Ron." 

He hugged her back instinctively and he could feel her barely covered body against his. That was a first. When she pulled back, he asked lightheartedly, "So, you doing girls now?" 

"Well, when your spouse doesn't take care of you . . ." 

"Desperate times, desperate measures?" 

"Maybe at first, but now, not so much. Does that bother you?" 

"No. I just didn't know. We've never really had any discussions about, you know, sex." 

"Lately, we haven't had many discussions about anything." Rhonda was careful to keep her voice even and non-accusatory, particularly since that was not her motive. 

"You're right. We haven't. You said the problems with Tony were same old, same old, but I'm really not sure what those are or what that means." 

"Why don't I freshen our drinks," Jenna interrupted, anticipating a heavy discussion coming. "You guys, sit and talk. Honey, can I get you a beer?" 

"I think I need one." 

Rhonda sat at one end of the sofa, Ron sat in the middle and left the other end for Jenna. 

"So, can I deduce that your comment about your spouse not taking care of you implies that your marital problems are sexual?" 

"You can." Rhonda told him basically the same story she had imparted to Jenna, by which time Ron's girlfriend returned. 

"And you're determined to end it this time?" 

"As I said to Jenna, this is his third strike. He's out. That's another reason I came here. I believe you can help me remain strong." 

"I can help give you courage, but you have to remain steadfast." 

Rhonda nodded. "I will." 

There were a few moments of silence as they each sipped their drinks. 

"Wow, you've really mellowed," Rhonda noted, finally able to breathe easier. "I was expecting ranting and raving." 

"Apparently, neither of us has been very adept at choosing a spouse." 

"I think it's mostly this lady here," Rhonda pointed out. "Appears she's really brought you out." 

"I can't dispute that." 

Another pregnant pause followed to imbibe liquid fortification. 

"So, I didn't know you were . . . had a . . . were so—" 

"Horny?" Rhonda finished for him. 

"Okay, we can use that word." 

"Well, that's what it is. And you have no idea how miserable it is to be married to someone who can't help with that," she told him with anguish." 

"Actually, I do," Ron revealed to her, downing the rest of his beer. "I was married to Dana." 

"Really? She was cold?" 

"As cold as the iceberg that sank the Titanic." 

Rhonda giggled at his analogy and Ron chuckled in response to her reaction. He hadn't noticed Jenna get up and return, replacing the empty beer bottle in his hand with a fresh one. Naturally, he took another sip. 
