 The following is partially based on a real-life event. Special thanks to Jade for editing this story. 

Growing up in similar backgrounds, Jack Harmon and Stacy Espinoza were one of the few mixed-sex friendships in the world that hadn't screwed it up through physical intimacy. The duo had been the best of friends since the age of nine (they tried dating a few times in ninth grade, but it didn't work out well), and Jack's sister had once called them "a straight Will and Grace." They were capable of talking for hours about anything, sharing closeness on the level of a long-term married couple. Best of all, throughout middle and high school, their parents knew that they could be together in their bedrooms with the doors closed, and not be concerned.

In terms of appearance, they were quite different. Jack stood at five-nine, with a tight, muscular body, the side effect of constantly working out. Since the age of sixteen, he had begun to dye his hair blond, which clashed in an interesting way with his dark eyebrows. Jack had a preference for what he called a 'Seth Green fashion sense': ragged jeans, classic rock t-shirts, and the like. His shoulder-length blond hair and bright green eyes attracted many a girl; however, since the end of his junior year of college, he'd been in a steady relationship with a classmate, Charlie Quinn. Intelligent, good-looking, charming, liked by his parents, a Led Zeppelin fan, Charlie had it all.

Stacy, on the other hand, barely reached the five-foot mark in terms of height. Being of Dominican background, she had beautiful dark skin and hair, large hazel eyes, and full pouty lips. Stacy was thin, but had curves in all the right places, with smooth slender legs and perky medium-sized breasts. She usually dressed in mostly conservative attire: short-sleeved blouses, knee-length skirts, as well as being a huge fan of berets. Even though she and her boyfriend Tim had been devoted to each other since eleventh grade, she still attracted her share of admirers. Tim didn't mind, though; he knew about her friendship with Jack, and was good friends with him.

A year after graduating from college, Stacy was sharing a house with three of her friends. Jack, on the other hand, had managed to secure a semi-decent apartment with his friend, Neil.

Wednesday, 6:43 pm

They were on the phone with each other, talking about nothing special, when Stacy brought it up.

"Look, Jack, the other girls aren't gonna be around 'til Monday. Plus, Tim is working late for the next few days. How about you stop by, we just hang out for a couple of days? I just got the third season of Scrubs on DVD."

"Let me call Charlie first, and see if she wants to do anything. If not, what time should I show up, and should I bring anything?"

"Well, I guess around five would be okay; I've got some things to take care of in the morning. Bring any movies you want, and your swim trunks. The hot tub was finally fixed."

Thursday, 5:21 pm

Jack pulled up to Stacy's house in his Cavalier. He'd had a pretty hectic schedule over the last two weeks; with deadlines for the artwork he'd been doing for a couple of companies. He and Stacy hadn't had much of an opportunity to hang out with each other. This would probably be a nice few days. Plus, Charlie had some family issues to deal with, and Jack didn't want to get in the way.

As he pulled into the driveway, he could hear traces of a Ramones album coming from inside the house. Grabbing his duffel bag and DVDs out of the back of the car, he walked up to the door, knocking hard enough for Stacy to hear over the music. After a few seconds, the door flung open with the force of a tornado.

From the way she staggered and leaned against the door, it was obvious Stacy was partially drunk. The clothing she wore left little to the imagination, with a white wifebeater cut to show off her midriff, her nipples popping up the shirt in response to the breeze, and a pair of daisy dukes that rode low on her hips, leaving the straps of her thong showing. Her dark hair was tied into a pair of pigtails.

"Um, Stacy, are you okay?"

"Oh, helllloooo, Jackie," Stacy said, a slight slur in her voice. "C'mon in."

The two of them walked into the living room. Stacy stumbled a bit, and Jack managed to grab her arm to keep her from falling.

"Stace, hold on for a second, sit down on the couch." The two of them sat down. "How much have you had to drink?"

"Oh, just a couple shots of Grey Goose. Fuck, I figured I deserved it, considering what happened."

"C'mon, we've known each other for years." Jack held one of Stacy's arms. "What's wrong, honey?"

"Tim split up w'me last night, after you 'n me talked. That asshole apparently thought we should split up after six and a half years." Stacy was near tears as she said this. "Plus, he admitted that he's been fucking some other girls on the side. So I figured, since he's outta the game, it's okay if I dress like a slut from now on."

With that said, Stacy collapsed into Jack's arms, sobbing. Jack hugged her tight, speaking any words of encouragement that came to mind. It didn't matter that his best friend was dressed like Jaime Pressly's Latina cousin; the idea of taking advantage of Stacy in this state was the furthest thought away.

"Stacy, I can't say that I know what Tim was thinking. I think it's crazy that he'd want to break up with you. I mean, you guys have been together for years; I thought you and him would end up getting hitched eventually." This comment had Stacy sob even more. "But believe me, no matter what, we're gonna get through this. I'm not going to leave your side."

Stacy looked up into Jack's eyes. Her eyes still watery, the pigtails made her look at least ten years younger. "You mean it?"

"Yeah, I do. You were there for me when Laura and I had that huge blow-up two years ago; acted as a mediator and all, helped us decide to mutually go our separate ways. We've known each other since fourth grade; I mean we're like family. I love you, Stacy."

A trace of a smile appeared on Stacy's face. She hugged Jack hard enough to nearly break his spine. "Thanks, Jack. I really needed to hear that."

"Hey, what are friends for? Anyway, I know this isn't how we expected to start the weekend, but we'll get through this. You eaten yet?"

"Not yet. Marti and I went grocery shopping yesterday, though."

"Look, you just relax, honey. Dinner's on me tonight."

After taking his bag into Stacy's room, Jack headed to the kitchen and found various items to fix a reasonable dinner for two. Working quickly and efficiently, he began preparing spinach salads and burgers for them.

"Do you like diced tomatoes on your salads, Stacy?"

"Yeah, but don't go overboard with 'em. You need any help?"

"It's okay, you can relax. I've got everything under control."

Jack finished everything in the kitchen, and brought out the items to the table, gaining a short burst of applause from Stacy. Dinner was light, yet filling, and as the talk progressed to their life and other less painful subjects, Stacy began to cheer up somewhat.

"This is just amazing, Jack. Where'd you learn to cook like this?"

"My dad. He was an army cook for three years. I learned how to prepare decent meals from whatever's available. Tonight, however, I lucked out."

"Well, wherever you learned, this has turned out quite well. It was really nice of you; I had just figured we'd end up having to set up parking for the delivery guys."

"Trust me; if I didn't know how to cook, Neil and I would have to maneuver around pizza boxes like crazy."

"Changing subjects, what movies did you bring?"

"Um, a couple of Doctor Whos, the first seasons of Coupling and Robot Chicken. Oh yeah, and I got the anniversary edition of Jaws."

"Awesome! I love British comedy." It was amazing, but after sobering up, Stacy was suddenly the upbeat, cheerful girl Jack had known for a long time. "Tell you what: you start it up, I'll get us some drinks."

"Okay, but no alcohol for a while, OK? Just grab some sodas."

After setting up, the friends sat back on the couch, enjoying good comedy and each other's company. Nearly two hours later, they were both lying back, giggling at the raunchy jokes like 12-year-olds.

"Y'know, Jack, this has been really great. I just can't believe how screwed up I got over the breakup."

"It's all right, Stace. I know how things can get. If he'd broken up with you in person, that would've been one thing. But breaking up over the phone? That's just so fucked up."

"Yeah, I know. Plus, the other girls weren't around, so I was on my own. That's why I got into the vodka."

"Trust me, m'love, 'cause I'm speaking from experience: drinking your problems away is a major mistake."

"I guess. Hey, you want to try out the hot tub? This time of year, with it being really cold and all, it just feels amazing."

"Might as well. Do I need to do anything to start it up?"

Stacy craned her head to look at Jack with a smile. "I'll take care of it. You just go and get changed, OK?"

"Fine."

15 minutes later, Jack was in the hot tub that had been installed in the backyard. It was a horseshoe-shaped design, allowing a small shelf-like area in the middle. The lights gave the pool an ethereal glow as Jack sunk beneath the water, the jets hitting every nerve and muscle. As he felt close to dozing off, the patio door slid open, and Stacy walked out.

Stacy was wearing a simple one-piece blue swimsuit, with a couple towels in one hand. Her hair was no longer pigtailed, but fell down past her shoulders. She also had a bottle of wine with her, and a couple of glasses.

"Glad you could join me, Stace. I was getting worried for a while." Jack remarked half-jokingly.

"Hey, a girl's gotta look her best for her man." Even though the duo had never been intimate, they still had a bit of a routine where they'd flirt shamelessly. "Besides, I thought we'd share a drink as well."

"Wonderful." It was strange, but Jack realized that he had never seen Stacy in a bikini, even though she had the body for it. Every time they'd gone swimming or to a water park, Stacy had always had a preference for one-piece swimsuits. As Stacy poured the first glass, Jack brought up this fact to her.

"Hey, it's just the way I am. Some bimbos feel the need to show off a lot of skin; I've never been one of them. Salud." They clinked glasses, and enjoyed their first sips of wine. As the hot tub jets and wine continued to work their magic on the duo, the talk began to get much more fruity.

". . . so I thought I'd be all freaked out and everything, with Deirdre letting one of her friends watch our 'session', but it was such a turn-on."

"Not a bad story, Jack, but I've got one of equal hotness. About a year ago, Liz and I got pretty wasted at a bar, and managed to stagger inside. Both of us collapsed on the couch, laughing like stoners. Before I could stop her, she was on top of me, jamming her tongue in my mouth. I was kinda surprised, but instead of breaking it off, I decided to play along and start kissing her back. It was almost like a game of chicken, but with a makeout session. I don't know if it was the booze or something else, but she had a tongue like a blender." Stacy paused to finish off the glass she was currently nursing. "You know what the worst part of Tim breaking up with me was? It was the fact that we hadn't been intimate with each other in nearly three months."

"Three months? You're saying that neither of you tried to set time aside for it or anything?"

"Yeah. We just hadn't had time lately; at least, I hadn't. He was apparently busy fucking other girls without my knowing." Traces of horniness began to creep into Stacy's voice. "You know, most of the time, Tim could be really loving and intimate in bed. But at one time, though, for our four-year anniversary, we had an all day fuck-a-thon. We just spent all day in bed, screwing like rabbits, 'til both of us were too sore, tired and dry to move. When he suggested the idea, I was shocked, but kinda turned on. Good times." By this point, Stacy had slid over to Jack's side of the hot tub, her arm around him. "Man, I could really go for a hard, meaningless fuck right about now."

It was difficult to determine who initiated it, but before either of them could react, Stacy was sitting in Jack's lap, her arms around his neck. The two best friends' tongues intertwined. Their lips mashed hotly together, mouths immediately opening to allow long, thick, saliva-coated tongues to intertwine and slide from one mouth to the other. One person's tongue would slide wetly along teeth and gums, exploring the inner reach of the other one's mouth. Then the other one would suck the other's tongue deep into their mouth, teeth scraping teeth, lips mashing against lips. Jack felt the unusually sexy sensation of Stacy's tongue whipping around his own tongue and teeth. The combination of Stacy's soft tongue and lips made the French kiss incredibly erotic. He sucked at Stacy's tongue, savoring the taste of the girl's saliva and feel of her body. Stacy kissed Jack, knowing her tongue was having its desired effect.

"Shit, I wish you weren't dating Charlie right now," Stacy finally moaned when the kiss broke loose.

"Who's Charlie?" Jack croaked. This passionate tongue-dueling kiss from his best friend had him completely shocked. Rather than fight it, he decided to try to pursue it further. Just as his lips made contact with Stacy's again, she broke away.

"W-wait a minute. I can't do this, Jack."

"What?"

"Don't get me wrong; I love you, Jack. You're the best guy friend I've ever had. If anything happened between us, it'd be something . . . sane and normal and sweet. But I'd hate myself if you thought that I was trying to use you just to get even with Tim, or anything like that. I don't want to hurt you, Jack. Or trick you into something you'll be sorry for later."

"I was worried about the same thing. When you opened the door, I was freaked that you'd want me to do something inappropriate, just because you were semi-drunk and dressed like a bimbo. I'm just scared that you'd think I was taking advantage of you in this state; a rebound sort of thing. I know you're still hurting." Jack looked directly in Stacy's eyes. "But friends don't trick each other, OK?"

The two of them hugged briefly, glad they had an understanding. Jack started things up again by lightly kissing the small of Stacy's neck. After a few moments of this, they continuing by making out like two drunken schoolgirls. After about half an hour of necking and dry-humping, Stacy gasped out, "Ready to take this further, papi?"

Just like she'd seen in a porno once, Stacy crossed her arms in front of her tits, slipped her hand under the straps of her swimsuit, and in one fluid motion, she freed her round fleshy orbs with their astonishingly hard nipples.

Jack just stared, wide-eyed. Certainly, he'd known that his best friend had a killer body, but seeing it in this state was getting to be somewhat of a sensory overload.

"You've got a hot body, Jack." Stacy began running her hands over Jack's chest and arms. "These muscles, those killer abs, I just looooove the tattoos." She ran a long, wet tongue over the skull and crossbones on Jack's bicep.

"Hey, with the money it cost, I better look good!" Jack said with a chuckle. He let his gaze run over Stacy's firm tits. "You look pretty good too, honey. You've got an amazing rack."

"Oh, you're so sweet, Jack. But I think you should judge by more than looking."

"Um, alright," Jack replied as Stacy snuggled up to him even more. He looked at Stacy's breasts as she looked down at Jack, her small, dusky areolas crinkled up with some excitement. Jack hefted the breasts in his hands and gave them a firm squeeze, running his fingers over her skin. He then ran his thumbs over Stacy's nipples, and then pushed down on them to see them bounce back easily. God do I wanna suck those tits, Jack thought to himself.

"Man, your body is better than I've ever thought. I-I mean, I've always known you've got a great body, but damn!"

"Well thanks, babe," Stacy said, letting the steam of the hot tub overwhelm her body. "It's nice to hear from a friend, you know? I think it's my turn to check you out, boy." Reaching underneath the water, she slipped out of her swimsuit, giving Jack's package a good test squeeze.

"Whatever you say, honey." Placing his hands on the sides of the tub, Jack planted himself on the edge. Hooking his thumbs into the waistband of his shorts, Jack yanked his trunks down, letting his semi-hard dick out in the open, watching his best friend's eyes widen.

Stacy took a moment to catch her breath, and then said, "I can't believe it! I mean, you look, you're bigger than Tim!"

"Are you OK?"

"Yeah. It's just . . . damn. I mean, Marti always said that white guys weren't that big, but wow! May I touch it?"

"Sure."

Stacy slid her hand around Jack's dick and slowly caressed it in her hands, feeling it stir in her palm. She took the twitching as an invitation to stroke it more, feeling it grow thicker and longer in her hands. She heard Jack moan as she ran her thumb across the tip and looked up to see him breathing heavily, his nipples hard as pebbles as he ran a hand down his chest. Too nervous to look down into her hand, she reached down with her other hand and started stroking that semi-hard dick, letting the moisture from the Jacuzzi and a little bit of dripping pre-cum lubricate her motions. As she kept stroking, she saw her guy-pal's muscular chest heaving. His head lay back, he was panting, her eyes were drawn to where his hair brushed against his shoulders. Then she realized how far her hands were going as she stroked back and forth. The dick felt hotter than the water in the Jacuzzi, almost as fat as a beer can and full of blood. It was then she looked down.

If she didn't see it in her own hands, Stacy wouldn't have believed it herself. The shaft was nearly as thick as her wrist, and was longer than one of her hands. She felt her pussy cream as she thought of what that big thing could do between her legs. Damn, he's big, she said to herself, her hands still slowly stroking that dick. I only thought that kind of cock was reserved for porn.

"Jack?" Stacy called out, trying to lure Jack out of his reverie. She then reached up to squeeze one of Jack's nipples, hoping the touch would get his attention. She squeezed the hard nipple between her thumb and forefinger.

"Oh, that feels so good, Stace! Don't stop!"

"I won't," Stacy said with some authority. Then, in an innocent schoolgirl voice, she continued, "I was just trying to get your attention. Can I suck your dick? You know, I haven't seen anything so big in real life, and I'm just kind of curious..."

"Go ahead!" Jack said, reaching up and squeezing his hand around the one Stacy had on his nipple. "Suck my big dick!"

Stacy lifted and steadied the huge shaft with her free hand, then bent own her head to take the tip into her mouth. She was shocked as she felt her lips stretch around the spongy head to an almost impossible width and let her tongue swab around it, hearing Jack moan in appreciation. Short of breath, Stacy pulled her mouth off of Jack's dick and looked up into Jack's green eyes.

"Shit, white boy, you're a big fella!" Stacy panted out.

Jack felt Stacy pull her head up as she licked her way up his dick, taking her hand with her, then plant a few soft kisses on his tip, taking a bit of pre-cum on her lips. After licking it up, she was her open her mouth as wide as she could, then took a deep breath before swallowing the huge head. He felt her suck as hard as she could, working her tongue around the huge tip and hitting every nerve as he felt the stimulation. He felt the girl's lips work up and down on his dick, the lips sliding down a couple inches on his shaft before sliding back up, Stacy's panting making him shiver. He felt his body begin to sweat, tickling his senses even more, shooting through his skin down to his dick and back up to his head. He bit his lip and pinched his nipples hard when he felt Stacy suck hard on the dick, bucking his hips up uncontrollably as he felt those soft lips twist around his shaft. He felt those yummy lips pull away, catching and tugging on his head, then a few kittenish licks in that furrow on the bottom of the head. Then he felt those lips open up, take the bottom of his tip into her mouth and suck it, licking her tongue against the sucked-up flesh.
