 "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand-cut!"

God how I loved hearing that. Once I squeezed some cum out of my pussy, you know, for the cream pie, the shooting for the day was over. I could take a shower to wash the cum off my face, back and chest, collect my check, go to a restaurant I liked and then go see my boyfriend. 

I don't mind being covered in cum. I kind of like it, actually. The guys I work with can really spray it and when it hits my body it's nice and warm. It's not so great when it cools off, but that's part of the job. I really like the fake cum they use when I supposed to be swallowing some big load. It's made out of sweetened yogurt and corn starch and is pretty yummy.

I gave my acting partners, two very handsome well-hung blonde guys, pecks on their cheeks and headed for the locker room-such as it is.

"You were great," one of them said.

"I know," I said with a laugh. So were they. We had a threesome scene that was really fantastic. I sat on a guy's dick and sucked off the other one. After the one guy came on my face I got on all fours and let the other shoot on my back. No need for fake cum with that guy.

Anyway, when I got to the changing room the first thing I did was take off my wig and put in on the Styrofoam head I carry around with me. Then I carefully put the wig and head into a tall reinforced cardboard box. I mean, the wig cost a fortune and I don't want anything to happen to it. I have to say that I was pleased no one came on my precious wig during this shoot. It is so hard to get sticky cum out of it.

Oh-did I fail to mention that I'm a porn star? Well, not a star perhaps, but I make pretty good money. Over a hundred thousand a year for the past three years, and that's for working about eight days a month. 

I slid on my flip flops-you do not want to go into this shower barefoot, trust me-and washed the cum off my face, ass and chest. I gotta tell you that the directors want that cum shot. They particularly love it when one guy comes on my ass while another comes on my face at the same time. It is particularly annoying, though, that I have to hold a position for almost a minute while jism oozes from my chin or down my butt cheeks. Then, of course, I have to push real hard to get some more jism to ease out of my pussy. I mean-it can really get cold when you have a lot of gooey liquid cooling off on your body. It's okay when it's hot but...whatever. It pays the rent, right?

Anyway, I picked up my hat box by the carrying strap and sauntered into Bernie's office. Bernie-he's the paymaster and...how do I say...casting director.

"Kandi," he said. "Great shoot. Here's your check-eight grand. Be sure to pay you're estimated taxes and-oh-your blood test is due."

"Okay, Bernie," I said. "I'll get it done tomorrow."

Bernie, as he tends to do when he's nervous, started to stammer. "So...uh..."

Oh, Jeez. I knew where this was headed. Bernie wanted to fuck me.

"Bernie," I sighed. "I've been fucking for the past four days. Give me a break."

"But you know how I want you, Kandi." He was so whiny! "You're my favorite, too. You know that."

"I know, but..."

"I get it," he said. Here came the guilt trip. "Fat old balding Bernie..."

"Okay, okay," I groaned. I sat on a swivel chair, told Bernie to stand in front of me and pull down his pants. 

I had decided to suck Bernie's cock a while before I let him fuck me. It wasn't for his benefit, though. It was for my benefit. To me sucking a cock is a Zen-like experience. By the way I always wonder why we use the terms blow job when we never really blow anything. And for the most part women don't suck that much. But I do.

A stiff prick is an amazing sight, even a petite prick like Bernie's. I mean it looks like a harpoon, right? I'm talking circumcised cocks, of course. Anyway, I like to start at the bottom of the underside of the dick, near the balls, because the skin is the loosest there. I work my way up slowly, sucking in the skin like I was giving it a hickey. Little by little I go up until I reach the harpoon tip. By then the guy is all shaking and such, just waiting for me to wrap my lips around the head, but, since this is for my benefit, I go back down and work on each side, again sucking in the skin. Sometimes, when I get to the top, I slip the tip of my tongue in the little hole to lick the precum. 

By now the guy's moans are getting louder. That's when I take the head into my mouth and swirl my tongue around it. Maybe I'll massage his balls or maybe I'll stroke him a bit, but whatever I do I'll try to make sure he doesn't come before I'm ready. In this case I wasn't going to let Bernie come at all. I don't like the taste of his jism because I think he eats too much food with garlic in it.

When I'm sure the guy isn't going to come I begin sucking, like I'm sucking soda through a straw. I suck as hard as I can as I work my way down because, well, because when I do let the guy come I want to be sure I'm able to swallow it all. Sucking opens your throat, you know? If you're not sucking, well...things can get messy. Anyway, sometimes I'm rubbing my clit when he's all the way in, sometimes not, but it doesn't matter. When he comes, I come. It's much more mental than physical I think, for me at least.

Like I said, however, I was not going to finish off Bernie with my mouth. I pushed him away, stood up, lifted my miniskirt over my hips, turned my back to him, dropped my panties, grabbed the edge of his desk and spread my legs. "I'm ready for you, Bernie," I said.

It's funny. I mean, I like sex, but when someone is fucking me and I'm not into it, it's like-ho hum. I was pretty sure this was going to be very ho-hum.

"If you would do anal, honey," Bernie said, "you could make a lot more money."

"Uh huh." Bernie was fixated on my ass, that's for sure. I was certain that he was right about being able to make more money, but no one was going to invade my tiny opening. "Thanks, but I'm not gonna do that."

Bernie eased his cock into me and, while he fucked me, spread my cheeks a little. "But your ass hole is so perfect," he said. I'm pretty sure I felt a drop of drool hit my back when he said it. Ugh. "It's so symmetrical, so tiny and so pink! So many guys would..."

Was that comment supposed to excite me? Please. Besides, I've heard it so many times before. "I'm not doing anal, Bernie." 

Bernie started to tremble and moan, whispering, "You feel so good, Kandi."

His fucking was actually getting boring, so I decided to go into my porn film act. "Oh, Bernie. You're so hard, so big. Oh, Bernie, I love feeling your cock in me. Oh...oh...oh..."

Of course, when I do that, I get turned on, so the next thing you know, I'm on the verge of coming. I reached between my legs, began to furiously finger my clit and whispered, "Fuck me, Bernie. Fuck me hard!"

He lost it. I felt his cum pouring into me and, thank God, I was able to wiggle my way into an orgasm before his prick faded.

I stood up, grabbed a tissue off his desk, wiped his cum away, pulled up my panties, lowered my mini and, after blowing him a kiss, walked out of his office. At last my day was over. Now I could see my boyfriend for some real sex. I have to say, it's getting harder and harder to keep my secret. I hope he never finds out.