 Ever since she started high school, Bianca has ridden the same bus with the same driver, being the first one on the route to board and the last one off in the afternoon. She had noticed right away that Chuck, the bus driver, was cute, tall and athletic with red hair and freckles. Not until a few weeks ago, however, had she actually developed the hots for him, and decided to do something about it. For one thing, she had celebrated her eighteenth birthday by then, and knew that men would not usually get in trouble for having sex with her, which removed inhibitions she might have otherwise had. 

Over the years, she had gotten to know Chuck fairly well. She was sure that, as she grew older and her figure filled out, he found her attractive although he had never expressed his interest. Bianca didn't know why; perhaps he still thought of her as a child or he might have been afraid he would get in trouble for "taking advantage" of one of his charges. Whatever the reason, the things she had learned in her empowering group, about seizing the initiative and going after what she wanted, had been taken to heart. That was the main impetus for her decision to do something about her own sexual desires and about what she believed were his.

Bianca had made her plans for that Friday afternoon. She had carefully formulated the most plausible story she could, involving heavy traffic, a late start and other delays to explain to her parents why she was late getting home from school. A condom, stolen from their supply, was stashed in her backpack. To facilitate the actual seduction, she had worn panties and bobby socks instead of her more usual pantyhose. 

When the last of her schoolmates had left the bus, she raised her skirt, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and quickly pulled them off. The cool plastic seat on her naked, young ass gave her a devilish thrill and made her even hornier. Next, she reached behind her back, unfastened her bra and stuffed it and the panties into her backpack. After taking out the unwrapped condom and tucking it into the pocket of her skirt, she was ready for action with a minimum of delay. Carrying her backpack, she moved up to the seat directly behind Chuck. This was the seat she had taken every morning for the last few weeks, laying groundwork for that day, and he was not surprised to see her there.

"Hi, Bianca. Nice spring day, isn't it?"

"Hi, Chuck. It's a really nice day, but can you pull over please?"

"Why? Is something wrong? Are you sick?" As he spoke, he was looking into the rear-view mirror that enabled him to see the interior of the bus.

"No, I'm fine. I just want to show you something." She was smiling sweetly at him in the mirror, her green eyes wide open.

Always willing to oblige pretty girls, Chuck pulled over onto the wide shoulder of the road. As he concentrated on maneuvering the bus, Bianca unbuttoned her blouse but held it in place with her hands. She wanted her display to him to be sudden.

With the bus safely parked, Chuck turned sideways in his seat to see what Bianca wanted to show him. She got to her feet, stepped forward to face him and bent over, pulling her blouse open to show off her breasts. They were big, with pretty pink nipples, and Bianca was proud of them. She was slightly less than six feet tall, just the right height to thrust her charms into his face where he could reach up to fondle them if he wanted to, as she earnestly hoped he would.

He did want to. After quickly glancing in both directions for approaching traffic, he reached up and took one of her beautiful breasts in either hand. "Very nice, Bianca. You know, over the years, I've watched you develop into a really beautiful and sexy young woman."

"I'm glad, but I hope you're ready to do more than just watch." She parted his legs, got to her knees between them and unzipped his pants, eager to feel his cock in her hands and her mouth.

Chuck stopped her though. "We can't do anything here. Somebody will come along and see the school bus and think we're in trouble."

"There's an old farm up ahead. Nobody works there anymore and you can pull off the road and behind the barn so anybody driving by won't see us." So far, things were going as Bianca had planned, and the unattended farm was an important part of her calculations.

As Chuck pulled back onto the highway and drove to the farm, Bianca knelt on the floor beside him, her hand inside his pants and around his cock. It was fully erect and she loved the feel of its hard roundness. Its size delighted her too; it felt big enough to give her mouth and pussy a really good time but not big enough to be painful.

"Right here," she told him, and Chuck made a right turn into the weedy driveway and pulled to a stop behind the L-shaped barn. He saw that, as Bianca had told him, the bus was completely hidden from the highway. 

He turned in his seat again, hoping the pretty young woman would resume what she had started to do, but Bianca stood up and was removing her blouse. "Let's go to the back seat so we can have more room to stretch out." Chuck had to agree that was a good idea. That seat, which extended across the end of the bus, was the only place that didn't have any armrests to get in their way.

Bianca's blouse joined her backpack on the seat she had just left and Chuck removed his shirt on the way to the rear of the bus, leaving it in the corner of the back seat. As he sat in the middle, Bianca removed his shoes and socks and unfastened his belt and the top button of his pants. Hooking her fingers over their waistband and that of his underwear, she started to pull them down. He rose up from the seat to let her accomplish what she wanted and Bianca pulled them all the way off, tossing them into the corner to join his shirt. Completely naked, his erect cock jutting, Chuck sat in the middle of the back seat, more than willing to let the pretty teenager have her way with him. So far, her way had been highly enjoyable, and he was sure it would get much better.

Bianca knew it was going to get very much better. Several times recently she had masturbated to fantasies of Chuck and she was elated to find that his cock was even better than what she had imagined. It was slightly longer and thicker than her dildo and she knew it would feel even better in her pussy than the toy did. That would make it a good size for her mouth too, and she wanted to experience that for herself. With her forearms resting on his thighs, she rose up and held the hard cylinder gently in her fingers.

She expected to feel his cock in her mouth, and in her pussy, but first, she licked the solid pink head. A special tingle swirled out from her tongue as she stroked around the mushroom shape and under the ridge, paying special attention to the slit in the end. Opening her mouth wide and lowering her head, she was able to engulf most of the shaft. Practice with her dildo had taught her how to do this, but Chuck's real, warm cock felt so much better, as it glided in and out between her lips all the way until it was pressing against the back of her mouth with every stroke.

What she was doing felt great to him too. "Bianca, you're really good at that. I won't cum for a long time but do you want me to cum in your mouth."

She raised her face from his lap to answer. "I don't want you to cum anywhere right away. When you do, I want to cum at the same time and I want your cock to be in my pussy, and wearing a condom." She made it clear that she was in charge and Chuck was having too much fun already to want to argue.

"That sounds like a good plan." He leaned back against the backrest to enjoy what her mouth was doing for him.

Bianca enveloped Chuck's cock in her mouth again and slowly caressed it with her lips. As she had also practiced, her tongue laved the thick shaft when it surged in and out and licked the head between strokes, holding it lightly in her lips. She wanted to experiment with his cock and play with it in different ways before they started fucking. After a few minutes of slowly sucking him, she took it out of her mouth and held it between her breasts. 

Chuck immensely enjoyed everything that was happening to him. Little had he dreamed that morning that Bianca, whom he had been lusting after for the entire school year, would have such a welcome surprise for him in the afternoon. Her tongue licking the head of his cock and her lips caressing the shaft had been far better than he could ever have fantasized. Even the sight of her pony-tailed head rising and falling above his lap as he felt his cock was enveloped by the warm wetness of her mouth was beyond his most erotic imagination. He just hoped he wouldn't suddenly wake up and discover he had been dreaming.

If it was a dream, it was his best one ever. After a few minutes of incredible pleasure from the young student's mouth, she took his cock out and began massaging it and her breasts together. One of the reasons Chuck liked warm weather was that, as he sat in his driver's seat, and young women like Bianca walked up the steps, bent over by the weight of their backpacks, he could look down their blouses. That was nice but now he was seeing her breasts, creamy-white and luscious as he had always imagined, and completely naked. Not only was he seeing them, he was feeling them surrounding his stiff cock.

Bianca started by squeezing his shaft between them and slowly stroking up and down, her tongue fondling the tip of his cock at every chance. It was fun, but as she was holding her breasts with her fingers on their rigid nipples, she thought of something that would be even better.

Holding his cock with one hand and one luscious globe with the other, she rubbed the head with one nipple then the other. The juices from her pussy, which had been a trickle, seemed to become a gusher as connections were established between her clit and her nipples. On other days, and especially nights, she had fingered her clit to make her pussy wet enough to accommodate her dildo. On that day she knew there would be a real, live cock filling her pussy to overflowing. 

Bianca continued holding Chuck's stiff cock with one hand while she fished the condom out of her skirt pocket with the other. She stood up and, following the instructions she had earlier read on the packet, rolled it onto his cock. Chuck saw and felt what she was doing and smiled in anticipation. While he was moving away from the center of the seat to give her room to lie down, Bianca removed her skirt and hung it over the armrest beside her. Both she and Chuck were completely naked.

He had moved in the direction of one end of the back seat so Bianca lay on her back near the other end and spread her legs. One foot was flat on the floor and the other was resting on the top of the seat back. Her fingers were ready to spread open her glistening, pink pussy to receive the latex covered cock she was lusting for.

Chuck was eager to provide that cock. With one knee on the seat and that arm on the back, he scooted over until he was over her. Guiding his cock with the other hand, he aimed it at the delightful target she was presenting to him. 

"Oooo, that feels good already," she murmured when she felt the tip of his cock against the dripping hole that was yearning for it. It felt even better when he rubbed against her wetness to cover the tip with her lubricating pussy juices. "Ahhh," she sighed, ecstatically, when she felt the head of his cock wedge into her.

Supporting most of his weight with one hand on the rear backrest and the other on the back of the next seat, Chuck eased the first inch of his cock into the tight hole that wanted it so much. To give Chuck more room, so he would be able to lie on top of her, she moved over slightly, putting her ass closer to the edge of the seat. He moved his hands so they were on either side of her face and plunged almost two more inches into her. Although they had just started, Bianca knew the cock going into her pussy was the best and the biggest she had ever entertained. From the exquisite pleasure of feeling the opening being stretched as it had never been stretched before, she moaned aloud. 

"Oh, God, that feels good, what you're doing," she whispered. I've wanted this so much. Let's take our time and make it last." There was really no need to whisper but it seemed more intimate to do so.

"I've been wanting this too, Honey, for a long time," Chuck answered, with some truth. "And I want it to last too." Moving slowly, he backed his cock out till only the head was still inside, paused, and thrust it back, burrowing even deeper and sending thrills coursing though Bianca's body and his own. Once again, she whispered to him how great he was making her feel.

It got better and better for both of them as Chuck drove his cock repeatedly into her tight pussy, going in deeper with every stroke until his curly red pubic hairs were mingling with her soft blonde ones. He curled his arms under hers, putting his weight on his forearms and she reached up and hugged his neck. Bianca's legs wrapped themselves reflexively around the bus driver's hips and held on tightly. Hardly any of his weight was on her and she would be able to move around freely under him.

With the first long, full stroke of his cock into her, she did move freely, fucking her pussy back to meet him, sighing happily as his cock was once more solidly imbedded in her. Bianca met his second stroke, and his third, feeling her level of pleasure slowly building. She thought of it as a mountain of ecstasy, which would steadily grow within her until the volcano of her climax exploded.

Chuck felt his pleasure building too. With every stroke into her, he could feel the walls of her pussy gripping his cock and releasing it as he pulled back. Bianca was the most beautiful woman he had ever fucked and her pussy was the wettest and the tightest. He fervently hoped that this would be just the first of many sessions they would have on the back seat of the bus or other places, and he wanted to ensure that by giving her the best orgasm possible before reaching his own climax.

The man and woman moaned a duet of bliss as they fucked for a long time on the back seat of the bus. The strokes of Chuck's cock were straight into Bianca's welcoming pussy, with only a minimum of contact with her clit. He knew, and he wanted to teach her, that such limited contact would give them both a long, happy period of coupling until the time arrived when they would be ready to cum, and that time hadn't arrived yet.

Besides flexing her legs she had wrapped around Chuck's hips, pulling her pussy forward to meet the thrusts of his cock, Bianca was rocking from side to side on the seat. It was narrow; she knew it was not as good as a bed would have been, but there was enough room for her to be as active as she needed. Her movements let his cock slide into her at a slightly differently angle with every stroke, adding to her mountain of pleasure until she knew the volcano was close to exploding.

Bianca slipped her hand in between herself and Chuck. "I'm ready to cum but I have to play with my clit to do it," she told him.

"Let me do it. I'm ready to cum too." Still keeping most of his weight off his partner, Chuck slid farther up on her body. From the new position, his cock, both plunging into her pussy and being drawn back out, massaged her clit with its entire length. His strokes were faster too, driving in harder and just as deeply. 

Bianca could feel new, intensified pleasure coursing through her body from the greater contact with her clit and the stronger thrusts. She let him know how good it was by fucking back harder and faster to meet him and by urging him to continue. 

"Ooooo! Yeah!" she murmured. "Oh, God, yes! Like that! Give it to me! Fuck me hard!" 

With great alacrity, Chuck did as she asked, his own pleasure increasing with every stroke of his cock into her tight, wet pussy. He could feel his climax building and he knew he couldn't hold back much longer. Bianca was on the verge of cumming too, he could tell, from the way her body was thrashing under him and the way her head was tossing back and forth as she moaned ecstatically. 

"Yes! Yes! I'm cumming!" she cried out joyously as her volcano began exploding, far mightier than it ever had before. Her fingers gripped Chuck's shoulders and her legs squeezed his hips, plastering her pussy against him. "Uh! Uh! Uh!" Bianca whimpered from the intense pleasure as his big cock continued driving harder and faster into her pussy. 

When she climaxed, Bianca howled ecstatically and incoherently. Her back arched and her fingernails dug into Chuck's shoulders. After her orgasm, she happily collapsed on the bus seat as her muscles completely relaxed. More satisfied than she had ever been, Bianca lay under the man who had brought her to that marvelous state.

He continued fucking her but not for very long. The pain in his shoulders from Bianca's fingernails was smothered by the incredible pleasure Chuck felt welling up in his groin. From all throughout his body it collected and exploded out his cock. Seconds after hearing the orgasmic cry from Bianca, he matched it with his own as he climaxed, ejaculating heavily into his condom. Three times his cum spurted before he was finished and sprawled on top of his partner.

They lay for several minutes, seeming to be in some kind of stupor, resting from the tremendously enjoyable sex they had just shared. Bianca recovered first and whispered into the ear of the man on top of her: "That was wonderful, Chuck. Both of us cumming together like that. It was the best I've ever had." Bianca smiled up at the man who had just given her such a great time.

"Me too. I mean, it was the best I've ever had. You are really hot, Bianca; did you know that?" He smiled back at the woman who had just given him such a great time.

"I've been told that but it's better, hearing it from you. Do you live near here?"

"Not too far. Why?"

"I live just a mile or so down the road. Maybe I could go to your place the next time, on a Saturday or Sunday, and we could use your bed instead of this hard seat. That is, if it's okay with you."

"It's more than okay; it's a great idea. With more time and more room on my bed, there's a lot of really fun things I'd like to do with you. I now you'll like them too." 

Chuck and Bianca smiled, both inwardly and outwardly, thinking about the great sex they had just enjoyed and the even greater sex that lay ahead of them.

Thank you for reading this story. I hope you had as much fun as Chuck and Bianca did. I like writing stories on this site but I like it a lot more when I know that people are reading and enjoying them. That's why I always appreciate it when readers take the time to express their opinions by voting. Like most other writers on Literotica, I practically live for feedback from readers, either public comments or email to me. Such comments help me to write more and better stories, and I respond to them whenever I can. 