 I've been feeling guilty, so please consider this my anonymous online confession. I am just trying to 'purge' myself of my sins, if you will. You see, I've done a cruel thing to a rather innocent guy. (Actually, my friend Becky helped me do it, but I admit that it was my idea!) We did it to him together.

Just think: Right now that poor sap is at home, hopelessly jerking off... trapped in the cruel cage of lust WE built for him... I am referring, of course, to blow-job addiction!

_____

You see, Becky and I have been best friends since the 3rd grade, and were in almost every class together through all of High School. We went to the same church, and were in the same youth group too. Every summer, our parents forced us to go to Bible Camp. It was typically boring as hell! In our prepubescent days, we were mostly concerned with sneaking away to go swimming, or exploring the woods. The past couple years, and certainly now that we're both 18, our attention has primarily focused on boys. Mostly on the older, though laughably innocent, boys who attend the camp with us.

At first, our entertainment consisted of the turn of phrase, which made us laugh because our lewd suggestions went directly over their heads.

Me to random innocent boy: "Do you want to COME with us tonight?"

Random Innocent Boy: "Where to? Do you mean the campfire sing-along?"

Becky: "I was thinking more like the deserted bunk-bed in the rec-room attic!"

And so on. Such things were never understood, and we gradually lost interest. Subtlety was not effective.

Last summer, we graduated from semantic flirtation to wearing sluttish clothes. It coincided perfectly with us both growing tits! (Becky went up two bra sizes to a "C" cup. I was locked in a dead-heat with her until the week before graduation, when I outgrew my gym sports bra and strapped myself snugly into the "D" category!) We wore conservative Christian-girl outfits during all the official mandatory camp meetings, but would sneak our bras off as soon as we had free time for activities! It was truly amusing to see the hormone-driven downward glances of these overly sheltered boys that surrounded us! I mean, HILARIOUS! These poor saps had no experience, and virtually no defense against their most basic desires. I bet most of these guys had never even masturbated before! It's one of those things that good Christian boys are not supposed to do. (I never travel anywhere without my two companions: A black rubber donkey-dong, and my VibroWand SX3.) 

Anyway, after five days of bra-less camper temptation and five nights of bunk-bed self-service, I had had enough. Not that Bible Camp is terrible; it's just boring as FUCK!

This year, however, was different.

Not only because it was our last year at bible camp, but because we were both so keen to get out of there that we didn't care if we were caught or not! (Also, and I mention this strictly as background, Becky and I had both lost our Virginity that summer, and were eager to hone our skills at fellatio.) 

And then there was David.

David had been new to our church two years ago. He was tall, somewhat athletic, and really very quiet. He was just as conservative seeming and oblivious as all the other guys. The fact that we hadn't been through grade school with him, though, lent him a certain... mystery? An allure to be sure. Plus he had a nice smile, and laughed at our jokes, though I'm SURE he had no idea what we were actually saying!

It was on the very first day of camp this year that we hatched our plan. (I all started when I mentioned my thoughts to Becky) Becky and I were sitting on the bleachers watching all the other 'kids' play a soccer game. We were listless. I actually like playing soccer, but NOT with size D tits, thank you very much! (In contrast to the fact that I am otherwise rather trim, these 'babies get to bouncing uncomfortably at even the most moderate jog!) Becky and I sat perfectly still, watching David's hairy muscular legs. Watching his ass in his tight shorts. We traded lewd comments about how his 'junk' tended to bounce forward in his shorts every time he made a fast move. He made a LOT of fast moves! He had nice arms, and strong shoulders. To look at his face made us both laugh: He just smiled as he played! So innocent, so oblivious... (So ripe for the picking, as it turned out!)

After a time, I let Becky hear my thought, "I bet if I sucked him off, he'd come back for more..."

"I bet he'd be delirious... how could he even handle such.. such EROTIC pleasure?" was Becky's matter-of-fact comment.

"I bet he'd go totally 'ga-ga'" I though aloud.

"I'd like to be there to see you 'swallow' his innocence!"

"I bet there's a LOT to swallow! I bet you could help..."

The two of us sat there in silence for a time, consumed with demonic, lustful thoughts of our own.

_____

As it turned out, it didn't take much of a plan to get started! I just mentioned to David that I needed to talk to him... in private. He was all kind-spirited and glassy-eyed when he followed me up the rec-room attic stairs...

Becky hid on the top bunk and spied on us. It wasn't actually that hard at all... I just kissed him, and pulled my shirt and bra off over my head! While he stood there in shock, it was simple enough to undo his belt, unzip him, and have his shorts and slacks down around his ankles. In short order, my suspicions were confirmed -he had VERY NICE equipment, once HARD! 

David just stood there and let it happen.

I could tell from the faint squeaking behind and above me that Becky was masturbating as she watched, but David certainly didn't notice... by that point I'd changed from licking his tightened balls to fully sucking-down his shaft-of-forbidden-pleasure! (Honestly, most of these guys are taught that anything that feels good is ungodly... this reasoning certainly apples to masturbation, and all other forms of sexual delight.) Anyway, Becky and I were treated to a full display of David's morality fighting a loosing battle! He protested meekly, but was utterly transfixed... he looked into my eyes, glanced down at my tits, and just moaned a little to himself when I reached around his ass and tickled his balls from behind...

I let him see me swallow, and then kissed him on the lips. He pulled up his pants, and hurried down the stairs... Becky and I just giggled and giggled... how delicious!

Well, that was pretty much the tactic we used. Later that evening, after dinner, Becky and I sat down on either side of David, who was playing a heated game of checkers with a 7-year-old camper.

"David" I said with wide-eyed earnestness, "Becky has something she wants to show you."

He gulped, looking at her, her curly blond hair covering one eye, her long wavy curls falling over her bare shoulders. She was wearing a white tank top. She pulled a sucker noisily out of her mouth, letting it smack between her wet lips.

"It's true, David. Can I show you something? Upstairs?"

I took over the checkers game, smiling to myself, watching the two awkwardly make their way down the hallway. Not together...but not apart!

So, um, yeah. This time SHE blew him, but she made him jerk off first. Apparently David, like most guys, has an inborn appreciation for seeing his jizz squirt onto a girls tits... and Becky has some nice tits to jizz on, if I should mention! I mean, seriously, just the most perfect, perky attention-demanding tits.. once she takes off her bra, they pretty much aim in separate directions, pointing the way with perfect dark pink nipples... they just stand there on her chest in sheer defiance of gravity (and sanity, if you're a guy!) 

Once he came, Becky made him lay down on the bunk, and had him watch while she licked his shaft back to full-strength. I guess he only took about 8 minutes.. pretty damn good! Then she sucked him off again and left him, panting, pants on the floor!

That's pretty much how things went for David this year at bible camp. We could tell that he both liked and was disgusted by what was happening to him. The key, we decided, was to not let him have enough time to think about it! We let him have just enough time to recover and get horny again, but not enough time to get away! 

___

"David, can you help me pull the old volleyball net out of the storage shed?"

"....OH GOOOOD!!" he gasped, tears in his eyes; I actually look quite pretty with jizz on my face!

___

"David, Erica and I need a hand in the kitchen.."

"...fuUUUUUCK!!! OH...OHHHHHH!" as his penis taught him another lesson in uncontrollable pleasure!

____

"David, Becky and I are going to take a walk, want to CUM?" 

And he DID!

____

Let's see... speaking of his penis teaching him lessons in uncontrollable pleasure... I sucked him in the attic.. three times.. in the utility shed, the top seats of the bleachers, UNDER the bleachers, in his bunk at night (every night!)in the woods behind the camp twice, behind the stage-curtains in the rec-room during dinner, and also in the Bible Express (the camp's giant van from the '80s.)

Becky jacked him off in the attic, and sucked him up there twice, in the girl's showers once, under the deck behind the chapel, once the front row of the chapel, twice in his bunk at night, and also in the Bible Express -with me!

The Bible Express, I might add, was certainly a high-point for the three of us in our little sexual misadventure... I the temptress, Becky the accomplice, and David, the fallen! All it took after dinner Thursday night was a glance that shot from me to David, David to Becky, Becky to me, and me back to see David looking at my tits! The three of us stole out the back door and walked, hand in hand in hand to the gray metal van, covered with bible verses and crosses and praying hands and descending doves... time for a BLESSING!

Becky and I invented a game called 'Bobbing-for-David!' Basically, David sat in the middle of the back bench seat, trousers down.. we knelt on the floor on either side of him, topless.. we each had a grip on the base of his cock and took turns blowing him, one-suck-at-a-time! He just watched and kept our hair held back, nice boy he was!

Whenever the other one wasn't sucking, one of us was telling him dirty-nasty things we were going to make him do to us with his dick... between the sucking and licking and the nasty story telling, it's hard to say who WON the game of bobbing for David... when he came it was an ERUPTION!! JESUS! I had never seen so much cum shoot out of a single dick before! Not even in a porno! Fucking AMAZING! Anyway, we used David's boxers to wipe it off our chests, out of our hair, off David's arms and stomach, and off the seats and the side window inside the van! I think it probably smelled a little 'funky' in there after we were done!

So, you can see, it seemed like a pretty mutual fun-and-games sort of deal we had worked out! It wasn't until the last day, when David told me, glassy eyed, that he LOVED me, that he LOVED Becky, and wanted to live with us that we realized we'd taken it too far.. that we'd caused him to take it a little too far... I tried to keep my distance that night, but he kept following us.. through the outdoor concert, the bonfire, dinner, etc! I mean COME ON! I do realize, in retrospect, that it was not LOVE he felt, but the powerful pangs of lustful attraction... which I could have accepted! After dinner, Becky and I just hung around the campfire for long after the other campers had gone to bed. David had waited.. patiently at first, then nervously. 

"Do you" he said, anxiously addressing both of us, "want to... that is.. can we..."

He was PLEADING! POOR BOY!

"You see.. I know camp is over tomorrow, and, well, you see..."

He was such a nice innocent boy... and here he was, without as many words, pleading for us to give him a BLOWJOB!

"Why, David" I said, quizzically, "Is there something we could help you with? Before you have to go home to mommy and daddy?" 

He looked directly into our eyes, the fire glinting in his. He looked determined, and then he knelt by the fire, held his head in his hands for a brief moment of supplication, then looked up at us.

"Please.. PLEASE!! I'll do ANYTHING! Just PLEASE do it again.. my balls ache... my dick is SO FUCKING HARD! My heart won't stop pounding.. Please!!"

He was kneeling, BEGGING us to suck him off! Here was a lad who had been too shy to speak to another girl all the years previous, a boy who got top grades in school, and who knew all the catechisms from memory... a thoughtful, studious good-boy... deflowered! I LOVED IT!

Anyway, I couldn't resist, either. For our last time at camp, we crept up to the deserted attic of the rec-room. So he would have something to remember us by, I made him record his point-of-view on his phone... made him watch closely as I rubbed KY on my tits, made him record his thrusting slippery tit-fucking off the edge of the bottom bunk! Becky did her coed dorm room booty-dance for him, stripping down to her black thong... I let him watch me ride my donkey-dong on the hardwood floor... and then the finale! You guessed it: Bobbing for David! 

"SUCH A FUCKING BIG DICK! YOU HAVE.. (slurp..)"

"It makes me want to just CUM so HARD!!...(SLURP!)"

"POOR DAVID! So much PLEASURE for such an innocent... (slurp!)"

"...boy! You know there's NO GOING BACK!! (SLURP!)"

His phone could record 30 minutes... the last frame it took happened just seconds after Becky and I shared his pumping load... a perfect freeze frame the instant after I French-kissed Becky and pulled away... a frozen moment in time: two buxom topless bible-camp girls, one sticky string of jism stretching from the lips of one girl to the lips of the other!

_____

I'm sure he's suffering the worst blue-balls of his life, this being the night after camp! It gets me so riled and HOT just imagining this poor guy, struggling in vain to satisfy HIMSELF after the treatment we gave him... the sad thing is that he might NEVER get head so consistently again in his life. NO amount of wanking will change that!

Then again, I keep thinking of his cock every time I masturbate, so he MIGHT see more of me next month at Bible Retreat... At least we left him with a little movie he can jerk-off to until then!