 This story is true. Only the names have been changed to protect…. somebody.

Jean, my wife, and I had met Corrine and her husband Jeff just a few months previous. Jean and Corrine met while taking a SCUBA diving class at a local community college and Jeff and I, met through them. We got along very well. I was 25, Jean was 19 and Corrine and Jeff were both 22. 

Jeff’s parents were pretty well off and they had several homes in the area. Jeff and Corrine lived in one of them. Along with homes, they owned property in several places, including a nice cabin in the Big Bear Lake area north east of Los Angeles.

One time we accepted their invitation to spend a weekend together in the mountains. The ninety-minute drive went smoothly. Jean and I were really looking forward to getting away from the everyday grind and relaxing with nature. 

On the way up the mountain, Jean said that Jeff and Corrine seemed like a real fun couple and Corrine was always talking suggestively about Jeff’s sexual skills and how they often spent the entire weekend in bed when they were at the cabin. I said that was cool with me. Just before we got to the place, as we were driving down the tree shaded one lane road looking for their Jeep in front, Jean told me that there was not a lot of room in the cabin and that we would all be sleeping in the living room. 

Jeff and Corrine greeted us warmly when we arrived. In just a few minutes our bag was in the place and the sangria was flowing. It was already mid afternoon when we hopped in the back of their Jeep and drove into the small village in search of some needed supplies. 

I couldn’t help stealing a glance here and there at Corrine. She was wearing a pair of very short cut off jeans and I could swear I could see a little pubic hair in her crotch. When she bent over, or when she climbed into the Jeep, most of her ass was bared too. On top she wore a baggy T-shirt which she tied at her flat tan belly. I also noticed Jeff looking at my wife. Jean had done a little modeling but her figure was not optimal for that vocation. She is only 5’2” and weighed about 120 lbs. Her 38d breasts were too large for the fashions and her hips were a little too big. Being so young, her belly was still flat and hard though and her legs were nicely shaped.

We had all seen each other in close to nothing before. A charter dive boat affords little privacy. Both girls wore skimpy bathing suits because they are the most comfortable inside a wetsuit. But this weekend in the mountains already promised even less privacy and more exposure. 

Back in the cabin that night we had a quick and enjoyable dinner and a lot more wine. Jeff broke out some weed and we all mellowed as the alcohol and the burning herbs fended off the evening chill. At some point, Jeff disappeared for a few minutes and then came in to announce that he had the old redwood hot tub all ready to go. To my surprise, Jean said that she had forgotten to pack bathing suits, not expecting to need them in the mountains. Big Bear Lake is very cold and since the spring thaw had just topped it off with snowmelt, the water would be way too cold for swimming. Jeff and Corrine said we could borrow suits if we wanted but that they usually soaked nude. Both of their families were in to nudism and the tub had had a lot of bare butts in it before. I looked at Jean. I could feel my cock starting to twinge at the thought of all of us getting naked together. She finished her glass of wine, poured another and said "what the hell, why not?'’ The rest of us clapped and started to get undressed. 

We all stripped with our backs to each other and covered ourselves with the towels Corrine had distributed. Jean got the rest of us more wine and we adjourned to the steaming water. Jean and I were allowed to go out and get in first and then Corrine and Jeff dropped their towels and quickly joined us. The tub was small and with 4 people it was pretty cozy.  It was hard not to touch each other and since there were no bubbles, just steam; it was easy to see whatever was going on. As the evening wore on, I realized that my young wife had a streak of exhibitionist in her. Several times she volunteered to get out and snag more drinks or grass or something. She never made any attempt to cover herself.

One time she stood and reached behind Jeff, nearly stuffing one of her jiggley tits into his mouth. 

Nothing made us put on clothes for the rest of the weekend and we spent the rest of the time in the cabin nude. 

On the last night Jean and I watched Jeff and Corrine make love and then they watched us. Corrine had some special brownies in the oven and as I walked past her while she bent over, my raging erection brushed against her ass. She just smiled and wiggled her ass at me.

Nothing else happened that weekend and not long after that we lost contact with them, but the memory of the weekend in the cabin has always been a fun one to take out and brush off once in a while.