 I shifted my backpack in an attempt to lessen the weight on my aching shoulders. I'd walked this same Rocky Mountain trail many times before with the same backpack. Never had I been this sore. Maybe I was just tense.

A couple steps ahead of me Christine looked to be moving without any discomfort. Ahead of her, the same appeared to be true for Jeff, who had the most to carry with his camera equipment stuffed neatly into a huge pack.

Perhaps knowing what was on our agenda for the day was causing my tension. Or not knowing.

Two weeks earlier I had posed for Jeff in his basement 'studio.' He's an eighteen year old amateur photographer with designs of doing it for a living. It started out innocent enough. Then I got braver and he got braver and eventually I was naked. Then he was naked. Then we had the best sex I'd had in ages.

Christine is a thirty two year old bank manager. She's gorgeous—blonde, perfect face, perfect body. She could be a model. Today, she's going to be Jeff's model. I had arranged for them to meet and now we were heading for a wooded area Jeff knew about that he thought would be great for some shots. Nothing like getting back to nature.

My name's Rachel. I'm thirty, not blonde, not perfect in any way, certainly not a model. I'm an assistant bank manager at a different branch than Christine. But I know how to have fun, and today was full of promise.

"Can we stop?" I heard Christine yell up to Jeff.

He turned around. "Sure. Let's get up here in the shade a little."

We followed him off the path to a spot under several large pines. It felt great to sit down. We all slid off our packs and pulled out water bottles. Sweat poured off Jeff's face and he rinsed it off. I was surprised to see Christine do the same, considering the water flowed down her neck and under her tank top, which already stuck to her braless chest like skin. Christine had perfect breasts...of course...and Jeff and I both had to sneak peeks at the exposed nipples as they pushed against the wet top.

I'd always been jealous of Christine's looks and body, but it never hurt our friendship. I couldn't lose sleep over something I didn't have. None of the men I'd been with had run away once I was naked, so I never worried about it. But God she was good looking. If the day went the way I expected, Jeff was in for a real treat.

"How much farther?" Christine asked.

"Less than a mile," Jeff said, looking in the direction we were heading. "Not that far. You OK?"

"Sure," Christine assured him. "How about you, Rachel?"

"Fine," I said, trying to hide my weariness. "I'm looking forward to this. I think it will be fun."

"Me, too. It's a perfect day," Jeff added.

"Let's go then," Christine said, the first to pop to her feet.

We got back in line and headed onto the trail. Around the next turn we passed a middle-aged man coming down the trail. He was a ruggedly handsome man whose eyes seemed to linger much too long on Christine's breasts. We smiled as we passed. I found myself looking back to make sure he continued down the path after he'd passed us. When we got to a long, straight stretch of path I looked again to make sure he wasn't there. He wasn't.

Once over my paranoia, I waited for Jeff to give the word that we were there. I didn't have to wait long. The trail turned into a heavily wooded section and our 'guide' stopped to let us catch up.

"This is it. It's probably going to be much cooler in there so don't hesitate to put on jackets if you want," he warned. As hot as we were from the climb, it seemed highly unlikely we'd be doing that.

We walked side-by-side back into the dense cluster of trees. We went up and down small hills before reaching an opening in the trees that offered a magnificent view of the mountains.

"Wow! This is really beautiful," Christine said. "You've been here before?"

Jeff said, "Only by accident. And I didn't have my cameras with me. I just always thought it would be a good spot. Lots of variations in lighting and background and stuff."

"It's so quiet," I said. "Like we're the only people on Earth."

"So we shouldn't be bothered," Jeff added as he opened his backpack and began pulling out equipment.

Christine looked over at me with a mischievous grin. She was enjoying this, I could tell. And she hadn't even turned on the charm. I wondered what schemes she had in her brain.

Jeff had two cameras on the ground near him and a host of lenses sitting on a blanket. Luckily, he didn't have to worry about lighting or backdrops. Nature would take care of that.

Finally, everybody was ready. Jeff had a camera and lense assembled and Christine had her hair the way she wanted it. She really did look good...as usual...in her shorts and top. The top had dried a little and didn't look like a second skin anymore. Still, her perfect body made me very envious.

"OK, Christine. I need you over here," Jeff said, looking up at the sun and pointing to where she should stand. "I want the sun in your face."

Christine did as she was told and Jeff moved back a couple steps, checking the view through his camera.

"Tell me what you want," Christine said.

"Just stand there and look gorgeous for now until I get the lighting right," he said.

"I can do that." Christine looked over at me with that smile again. I gave her the finger.

"OK. I'm ready," Jeff announced. "Just pose—look natural."

Christine was actually very good at it once they started. She turned to give Jeff silhouettes and played with her hair just like you'd see in a magazine.

"Great!" Jeff said.

"This is fun," Christine said while Jeff was moving to a new spot. "How much am I getting paid?"

"You get the pictures for free," Jeff said.

"I want a new agent."

"Talk to Rachel," Jeff recommended. "She arranged this."

I just shrugged when Christine looked over at me.

"Let's move over to that log," Jeff said, pointing to a huge tree trunk lying on the ground a few feet away.

"Want me to sit on it?" Christine asked.

"For starters, yes. Be creative," Jeff said.

If Christine was anything, she was creative. There was no doubt in my mind she would find something artistic to do. At first she simply crossed her legs while sitting. Then she turned a little sideways and put one hand on the log while leaning over. More and more of her skin was showing as her shorts crept up her thighs and her top hung open. Eventually, she was lying on her side, her head resting in her hand. Then she lifted one leg up as if she was doing stretching exercises. It was an incredibly sexy position. There was no telling what Christine would do next.

Jeff encouraged her like any good photographer would. It was hardly necessary. Christine was getting into it as she rolled onto her back. I saw her using both hands to balance herself on the tree trunk. Then she let both legs fall over the sides. She stretched out her arms above her head and looked back at Jeff. He was shooting down the length of her body, undoubtedly getting a great look at her breasts as they struggled to fall free of her top.

"Roll over," Jeff said.

"Hell. Are you trying to kill me," Christine said right before unceremoniously rolling off the log. She stood for a second, wiped bark off her ass and climbed back on. This time she was on her stomach.

I followed Jeff as he moved around his model. Her ass was beautiful; her legs were long and lean; her breasts were dazzling even when compressed against the log. She hugged it like she would a lover.

"I'll pretend this is the world's largest cock. OK?"

Jeff and I laughed. "Only you would be lucky enough to find that," I said.

Christine pretended to lick it, moving her tongue forward in long swipes.

"If that was the world's largest cock you wouldn't be dressed," I said.

"I don't want to embarrass Jeff," Christine said, looking up at the young man.

"I think if you're going to pose for nature shots you should look natural," he answered.

Christine didn't say anything and her expression was a little more serious than before. Then she sat on the log. I saw her hands move to the bottom of her tank top. As if in slow motion, she lifted it off. After holding it for a few seconds, she threw it at Jeff's feet.

"Are they natural?" Jeff asked.

"Fuck you," Christine snarled, cupping her magnificent breasts in her hands. "Damn right they're natural. If you don't like them..."

"No. No," Jeff said quickly. "Just kidding. Now pose."

Christine made love to the tree trunk again, ending up on her knees next to it. She used the tree to hide her breasts, then let them rest on top of it. I was soaking wet by the time Jeff was done taking pictures. And the bulge in his shorts indicated his approval.

"Let's move over here," Jeff said. I picked up Christine's shirt and followed them into a grassier area.

The background of snow-capped mountains and forested hills was breathtaking, even without Christine's half-naked body in front of it. Jeff had her kneel in the tall grass. Her shorts nearly disappeared in the undergrowth. Her breasts shined in the sunlight, the pink nipples sticking out like buds on a cherry tree in spring.

"OK. Look pretty," Jeff instructed her.

Christine flirted with the camera, hiding and then revealing her flawless breasts. She was on her stomach and sides. But it was when she rolled onto her back that the real fun began. Jeff and I watched her unbutton her shorts and pull them apart, letting the zipper slide almost all the way down. There was no sign of panties...yet.

Jeff was the true professional, never seeming to lose a step in capturing Christine's body from every angle. His erection, however, was acting like that of an eighteen year old confronted by a semi-nude beauty that was getting nuder by the minute.

Christine's body seemed to become one with the ground. The high grass wrapped around her as she moved. A few blades disappeared inside her opened shorts. Others brushed against her breasts.

She settled onto her back and froze for an instant. Jeff and I just watched, wondering what was next. Once she was sure she had our attention, she pushed down her shorts. A bright red thong...the smallest I'd ever seen...became visible. Then she lifted her legs and pulled the shorts completely off.

I would have been shocked except for two things; one, this was Christine and, two, I would have done the same thing. I pretty much HAD done the same thing when I posed for Jeff in his basement studio. Hopefully, she would benefit from it the same way I had.

"Well...are you comfortable, yet?" Jeff asked sarcastically.

"I'm getting there," Christine replied. With that, she rolled onto her stomach, letting us see the miniscule strings that wound around her waist and between her ass cheeks. She watched us as we checked out her perfectly rounded ass. A small amount of grass and dirt clung to her skin, only adding to the natural, sensual quality.

Jeff snapped pictures and I just drooled. Between his burgeoning hard-on and Christine's pristine body, I was about ready to cum. The thought crossed my mind that I might have to watch those two having sex. I tried to prepare myself for that.

Christine rose to her feet and wiped grass and dirt from her body. She fluffed her hair and another few blades fell to the ground. The tiny thong barely covered her neatly shaven pussy, clearly showing the outline of her slit. Her breasts now hung in all their glory, the nipples plump from stimulation.

"You're disgusting," I said to Christine.

"What?!" she asked in surprise.

"Your body is incredible. How is Jeff supposed to work while looking at that?"

He just smiled. "I don't mind."

Christine posed for a minute or two with the mountains in the background. I doubted that very many people looking at those photos would care about the mountains.

When Jeff seemed to have all the shots he needed, Christine asked, "Ready?"

"For what?" he said.

Christine slid her hands down her legs, taking the thong with them. She let it fall to the ground and then gracefully stepped out of it and kicked it aside. Jeff and I stared at the newly exposed area like we'd never seen a woman's body before. Very fine hair extended above Christine's clit in a carefully shaven line.

"Damn, Jeff," I sighed. "If you can't work with this, you're no photographer."

"I'll try my best."

The next several minutes were spent capturing Christine's beauty from font, sides and back. She moved around the area, using the grass and tree trunk as props. She stood, kneeled, laid and frolicked.

Finally, Jeff put down his camera and said, "Let's take a break."

He was standing right next to Christine. She moved even closer until they almost touched.

"Are you getting hot?"

Her hand very lightly brushed against his crotch, moving up from his balls until reaching the button at the top of his zipper.

"Very," he said.

Christine opened his shorts. "Then get naked."

Jeff quickly pulled off his shirt. A few seconds later his shorts and underwear were on the ground. Christine gazed at the same muscular body I'd had the pleasure of seeing a few days earlier. His cock was hard, but I knew from experience he could get much bigger.

"Very nice," Christine said, running her fingers across his chest. She moved her hands down his sides and around his hips until getting to his cock. She cradled it gently in her hands, then wrapped her fingers around it.

She moved forward so that she could press the ever-hardening cock against the top of her pussy. She rolled her palm across the shaft, rubbing him against her skin.

Then she began to kiss him. Jeff grabbed Christine by the ass and pulled her forward. I saw her breasts compress against his chest as the passion of their kiss increased. I was sure I could see his cock getting harder with each pulse of blood through his veins.

Christine must have felt it, too. She fell to her knees in the thick grass and pulled back her hair. She held the cock in one hand and slid her tongue up the entire length from bottom to top. Then she opened her mouth and slowly took him in. I'd seen her do this before, but never with the same intensity.

Jeff's cock reappeared, then began a series of deliberate thrusts deep into Christine's throat. I decided I could stand there on the verge of an orgasm, or I could do something.

I grabbed Jeff's camera.

Neither one seemed to care that I began circling them taking pictures from every perspective. Christine even placed Jeff's cock between her breasts and let him fuck her cleavage for a few seconds. His moans seemed to indicate his approval. I got some great close-ups.

"You're so big," Christine said as she fondled him again. "I want you inside me."

"I'm ready," he assured her, as if we couldn't tell.

Christine lay on her back. I was hoping for something a little more original, but this was still going to be fun. Jeff hovered over her for a second, then settled down among the tangle of grass and Christine's limbs. As she wrapped her arms and legs around him, he pushed his cock inside her very wet pussy.

Romantic it was not. These two were going to fuck as fast and hard as they could. Christine's posing had made all of us more than a little horny. I tried to get the best shots I could, but there's only so much you can do with two frantically fucking people. Jeff did have a great ass, though, and I enjoyed taking pictures of that. Christine's fabulous boobs were pretty much hidden under Jeff, except for when he rose above her to suck them or squeeze the nipples in his hands.

Pictures were great, but I would have rather captured the sounds of their sex. Moans, groans and words of encouragement rose in volume and intensity as the moments wore on. I knew from my own session with Jeff that Christine's pussy was filled to the brim with his huge cock. Even an 'expert' like herself should have been impressed.

"God, Jeff. You're gonna make me cum already," Christine cried out. "Fuck me harder! Harder!"

The look on their faces was priceless. Jeff almost certainly never had a woman as gorgeous as Christine and she probably never had a cock like his. They both were about to explode with thunderous orgasms.

"Yes! Yesssss!" Jeff groaned.

"That's it. Now! Make me cum!" Christine urged him on.

He fucked her harder and faster. I could hear the slurping sounds of his cock thrusting in and out of her soaked pussy.

"Oh, God! God!" Christine shouted right before grabbing Jeff by the ass and starting to cum. She threw her head back and began bucking her hips up and down to meet the thrusts of his cock.

Jeff yelled out one last time and then began his own orgasm. Each plunge of his cock was accompanied by a massive grunt and, I assumed, a new shot of cum deep inside Christine. They continued like this for a good thirty seconds, followed by another minute or two of rolling in the grass, still connected.

It was then that a movement in the woods ahead of me caught my eye. I saw a person standing by a tree. It was a man. I looked closer and realized—it was the guy who passed us on the trail.

We made eye contact...and I saw his hand in front of his pants. I thought he was holding his cock, but I couldn't tell. The guy really was good looking and his shirt was off. Perhaps it was my state of arousal; but, something attracted me to him.

I started to walk his way, letting Jeff and Christine cool off on their own. The guy stayed where he was, but appeared to be pushing his cock back inside his shorts. When I was within twenty yards, I said, "Are you lost?"

"Oh, I don't think so."

I glanced at his still-open fly. "How long have you been here?"

"The whole time," he said casually.

"Are you some kind of rapist?"

"I didn't know there were different types," he said.

I tried not to laugh. I didn't want to give him the satisfaction. This dude was handsome, funny, half naked and seemingly very erect. My kind of guy.

"Do you WANT me to rape you?" he asked.

I gazed at him, trying to figure him out. I loved mind games. But I loved sex games even more.

"Maybe," I said in my innocent little girl voice.

"I wouldn't know how."

I looked at him with a truly surprised expression. "You don't know how? What kind of a fucking answer is THAT?"

"So tell me what you think a rapist would do right now," he said.

"Well, first of all he would have come up behind me—to surprise me."

The man moved around me and disappeared behind my back. My heart raced with anticipation, fear and excitement.

"Then he'd grab my arms, maybe put his hand over my mouth and tell me not to scream," I said, looking straight ahead.

I heard movement right before I felt his hands grip my arms. His hands seemed huge as they tightened on my skin. I gasped.

"Don't make a sound," he whispered in my ear. I could feel his warm breath. I thought my heart would burst right out of my chest.

I almost choked as I tried to talk. "Then he'd push me into the woods and up against one of the trees."

He drove me forward, past the first row of trees and straight at the largest tree in sight. I thought he was going to shove me against it and I winced. But he pulled me back at the last second and I was gently held against the trunk.

"And then he'd reach around and feel my breasts. Outside my shirt. He just wants to feel me." My voice cracked.

One of his large hands was quickly on my breast while the other held my arm behind my back. He pressed his cock against my ass and I could feel his hardness. My pussy was getting wetter and cried for attention.

"He'd squeeze my nipples. Hard."

The resulting mixture of pain and pleasure made me moan out loud.

"Then he'd roughly yank off my shirt."

The man let go of my arm long enough to snatch my shirt up and over my head. The force of his actions lifted my arms high enough for him to remove the shirt and throw it aside. The cool mountain air on my exposed nipples felt great. Being pushed against the rough bark was only slightly irritating. I was too aroused to care.
