 Robert Quinn had been the mayor of Asterville, Virginia for more than a decade. He was an imposing man of fifty-three years who weighed just over two hundred and fifteen pounds, stood six foot three, and had a forty eight inch chest and a thirty six inch waist. He had a full head of dark wavy hair with just a little distinguished grey starting to show at the temples and very deep dark piercing eyes that could bore a hole through you if you were ever the focus of his distain. He also had a winning smile and a quick infectious laugh to go with an even faster temper. Overall he possessed the bearing of a man that should not ever be crossed at any time for any reason.

He had been known as Big Bob since the first early days when he worked his way out of the mines to become the union steward when the steward at that time had had an unexplained and never fully understood tragic accident one day deep in the Asterville Coal mine. From that moment on he took no nonsense from either the union membership or the management. He knew what he wanted which was always what was best for his men and even better for him and that was the way it was always going to be—or else. And there were a number of or else moments at first. He surrounded himself with a small but dedicated group of very tough hardened men who would do anything that he asked of them. When he decided to run for mayor of the town of Asterville with a population of just over one thousand it was a forgone conclusion that he would win and in the ensuing fourteen years no one had ever seen fit to run against him on Election Day. There had been a few occasions when someone considered it and talked about it openly but they received a visit or two and then quickly changed their minds. It was simply not the healthy thing to do.

He had been married years before to a local girl who was a local beauty queen with great looks and not all of the gray matter or common sense that she had needed to be partnered with Big Bob. She had not been comfortable with Bob's professional ways or his public philandering and had let him know it once too often and only once in public. Apparently soon thereafter she had suddenly decided to leave him for one morning the town awakened to discover that she was gone never to be seen or heard of again. Bob didn't seem to be too worried or broken up by her departure so no questions were ever asked and she was quickly forgotten and never mentioned again.

This particular fall day Big Bob walked into his sister's house with two of his beefy "assistants" right behind him. His sister was having her forty-fifth birthday party and a good sized group had gathered to celebrate with her. To honor Bob's sister was to honor Bob and that was an important thing to do in Asterville. He gave her a big hug and kiss on her cheek, greeted her husband who was a nobody at the mine and then began working the room as was his nature. His twenty-two year old nephew Tim was there with his new twenty year old bride Meghan whom he had never before met and to whom he was instantly attracted to. Upon their introduction she looked at him with big brown doe like eyes and trembled a bit when he held her offered soft hand a bit longer than was customary. As he spoke with others over the next half an hour he continued to glance back at the twenty-two year old woman and caught her eyes on him on a number of occasions. Some women were immediately drawn to him like a moth to the flames and she appeared to be one of those delectable ripe bitches.

He took a chair where he could watch her as she stood talking to a group of similarly aged young people. He took the opportunity to fully appraise her. Meghan was wearing a pullover lacy pink top that was low cut and revealed her substantial cleavage. At the most, he guessed, she was around five foot four in height. She had a very nice wide round rear that balanced well with her full melon shaped breasts. She had her dark brown hair bobbed at her shoulders and her knee length dark skirt revealed athletic but shapely calves. She sensed his gaze upon her and turned to look him full in the eyes. Her look was unguarded and when Big Bob licked his lips she did not turn away but blushed. Even though she was almost half his age he knew that she was his to enjoy if and when he wanted her and his rapidly thickening cock signaled his interest and need to have her as soon as possible. 

Big Bob called over his two men and quietly told them to take his nephew to city hall under the guise of having him talk to the city comptroller about a job opening. He knew that Tim was unemployed and was desperate to find a job back in his home town. In addition to celebrating his Mom's birthday it was one of the primary reasons why he was back in Asterville. Big Bob knew that the comptroller was not in the office at the moment but it would get Tim out of the house and away from his succulent young wife for long enough for Big Bob to enjoy Meghan. Big Bob's men knew him and his ways well and would follow his orders no matter what without question or explanation. They immediately went over and spoke with Tim. Tim looked towards his uncle and smiled in innocent naive appreciation for his efforts and then waived as he followed the men out the door on his dubious errand.

The moment Tim left Big Bob rose from his chair, picked up the briefcase that never left his side and walked over to where Meghan was standing.

"Come with me," he said and walked towards the back of the house where he knew there was a guest bedroom. He did not turn to see if she was following him as he knew with complete certainty that she would.

Bob entered the small narrow bedroom that simply had a full sized bed and a chest of drawers with flowery drapes covering the single window. He stepped back to let the young wife pass by him and then closed and locked the door behind them. He placed his briefcase on the dresser. Meghan stood with her back to him looking at the bed and while she considered the implications of what she had just done. She had watched as Big Bob's men had first summoned and then taken Tim away and had guessed at the time what it had meant. When Big Bob had approached her she had followed him without question as though it was the most natural thing for her to do. To follow a man that she had never met before that day, who was old enough to be her father and to whom she had only spoken a few words with to a bedroom seemed surreal but also natural. 

Without saying a word the large man came up behind her and kissed her on the side of her perfumed soft white neck letting her sweet smelling dark hair slide over his face and nose. Her head came just barely up to the bottom of his chin and he had to bend over to nuzzle on her supple sweet skin. His big hard strong arms circled her body and he cupped her large yielding breasts in his hands and began to tenderly fondle them as he pushed his hard swelling cock assertively into her generous ass and ground his hips into her. Meghan let her head droop back against his chest and quietly moaned. He felt her ass tentatively wiggle just a tiny bit against his hardness signaling her desire for him to take her. It was all so natural and animal like to both of them. Big Bob was the proverbial dominant male that had cornered and was in the process of taking the bitch in heat that was eager to be bred the way nature intended. She had never done anything like this before in her life but felt no qualms or doubts as it was the way she somehow knew that it was meant to be.

He pulled her top up and over her head and then unhooked the clasp of her bra letting her unfettered large white tits hang free for his hands to fondle. Her sizeable eraser sized nipples were hard as rocks from her excitement. He roughly handled her soft spongy tits and pinched her nipples which made the young woman moan from her need and increasing anticipation.

Meghan tried to turn around to face him but he was in total control of her and held her firmly in place. Confidently, he pushed her forward thus bending her body onto the bed while her feet remained on the floor. He let her go of her for an instant and pulled her skirt up and over her back. Her broad silky ass was covered in a pair of pink lacy panties which he took into his fist and easily shredded and ripped off of her. Using his foot he insistently kicked her feet further apart and then bent down and kissed her soft white ass and then after a few seconds finally bent a bit further forward and began to lick her swollen wet pungent pussy. Her cunt had the wonderful intoxicating scent of a woman who was in full heat and it drove him insane with lust as he lapped at the swollen juice covered red lips that guarded the opening to her cunt. He took the slippery engorged lips into his mouth and sucked on them and then let his tongue find her hard clit and rubbed it forcefully.

"Oh God please fuck me", she said speaking for the first time.

Not yet ready to take her he continued on in his feast and Meghan moaned and dug her fingernails into the bedspread as the Big Bob stuck his tongue deep into her hot tight wet eager pussy and let his index finger first rub and then enter her tight asshole. She had no idea why the older man had had such an immediate and overpowering effect on her or why she had allowed him to maneuver her into the compromising position in the bedroom so quickly and easily but she had no second thoughts about it and was anxious for the man to take her and fuck her in the way she longed to be fucked.

"I can't take much more of this," she cried and whimpered. "For the love of God fuck me."

Standing up at long last with her fragrant thick pussy juices covering his face and mouth, he unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants and underwear onto the floor around his ankles. His cock sprung free and ready. He was very proud of his cock which was just a tad over eight inches in length and was as thick as many a man's forearm. He had made most of the women that he had fucked squeal when he mounted them. He was quite certain that the little young married bitch had never felt a piece of man like his cock inside of her. He doubted her husband had anything to match his shaft in his pants. He placed the large purple mushroom head into the cleft of her pussy and when the woman who remained unaware of his size or girth wiggled her ass in further invitation he did not hesitate any longer and pressed forward sinking deep into her naturally lubricated cunt. Meghan buried her face in the comforter and screamed as he plowed deep into her stretching her in a way that she had never before been stretched or imagined possible.

Big Bob knew her type very well better than she as of yet knew herself. She was the sort of woman that he always kept his eyes open for because they provided not only the uninhibited pleasures of their bodies but also options that he found useful in his business dealings. He didn't worry about the young woman's physical needs but fucked her hard and relentlessly seeking only his own pleasure and release and knowing that she would be satisfied from that. Even though she may not as of yet understood it he knew that for her it wasn't about the sex, or the sensations, it was about the power that he possessed and the culturally forbidden nature of her being taken in this manner. As he fucked her he alternated his rhythm, angle and depth and then began to slap her soft round ass occasionally until it became pink. Meghan gasped as his occasional whacks stung her ass but did not object in any manner and even wiggled her fanny and began to flex her cheeks to draw him deeper into her in the extraordinary way that some truly talented females can fuck.

Big Bob settled into a regular steady humping completely enjoying the fantastic feeling of his large cock slicing though the young woman's wet slick tight clasping cuntal muscles. She was absolutely incredible and her ass cheeks sucked at him trying to milk him of his seed.

He began to fell her pussy convulse around him again and again as a powerful orgasms raked her inexperienced body from the intensive fucking she was receiving. She had had orgasms with her husband and the one other man that she had been with him before her marriage but never ever anything like these that took total control of her body and refused to let go. Her orgasms began to build stronger and stronger in ways that she never imagined possible. 

Big Bob doubled his efforts by driving even harder and deeper into her defenseless compliant belly while holding hard onto her soft supple hips with his brawny big strong hands. The angle allowed his big balls to slap up against her pussy and strike her tender erect clit and send electric like pulses of pleasure throughout her body. Her head was buried firmly in the comforter which stifled her screams and moans as certainly everyone in the house would have been able to hear her had she not been so muffled.

At last he felt the wonderful tingle begin in his big hairy balls as they pulled up very tight against his body and then a dull ache in the small of his back radiated out throughout his torso as his orgasm started to spread in the magnificent way that it always did before finally boiling forward to spray a thick copious amount of his fertile sperm into the eager young wife's clasping sucking hot cunt. Meghan cried and screamed with pleasure into the bedding as he pinned her down and allowed his jerking spewing shaft to set off a cascade of powerful orgasms that racked her body and came near to drawing her into unconsciousness. His release didn't stop him and he again began thrusting hard and deep into her without care for her comfort for a few more moments to insure that he was totally spent before finally at long last pulling out of her still clutching twitching pussy. In the process of pulling out of her some of his white seed slid down her white warm inner thigh.

Disengaged Big Bob stepped back from her and looked down on the lovely young woman who was sprayed forward on the bed in an almost senseless manner. Her cunt was spread very wide open and his sperm was seeping slowly out of her. He leaned forward and used her skirt to first wipe his face clean of her juices and then wipe off his wet coated cock.

Without comment he pulled his pants back up and pulled his belt tight.

"I'll pick you up tomorrow at noon in front of the fire station on Main Street in my limo." He said. "Make certain to come up with what ever excuses that you need to be gone for a few hours and I'll make sure that you get the good fucking that a woman like you always needs. This was just a preview." He slapped her sharply one last time on her soft warm now pink rear end and then without another word picked up his briefcase, unlocked the door and left the room and returned to the birthday party reclaiming the chair that had remained unoccupied for the fifteen minutes that he had been gone. 

A few short minutes later Meghan also came back into the room. She had somehow quickly dressed and gotten her wits and bearing about herself. She did not look at him or even in his direction when she came in and less than five minutes later Tim was back from city hall and joined her. 

Big Bob spoke with a steady progression of people while always keeping his eyes on Meghan knowing that he had left her panties in shreds and that there was not any way that she had been able to salvage them. He grinned as she clandestinely attempted from time to time to wipe away his dripping cum that was making its way down her soft inner thighs.

At last he decided enough time had passed and rose, found and gave his sister a kiss on the cheek and once again wished her a happy birthday and then made his way towards the front door. His last stop was in front of Tim and Meghan.

"It was good seeing you again Tim," he said as he shook the young man's hand "and to meet you at long last Meghan," he said with complete sincerity. "I look forward to seeing you again very soon."

Meghan looked at him and then cast her eyes down, understanding exactly what he was saying and she simply nodded in response and in total acceptance of what the next day would offer for her.

Big Bob made his way out to where his car awaited him while all the while beginning the planning of how the next afternoon might play out. He placed his briefcase on the seat next to him knowing that it contained a very high quality hidden camera that had recorded every instant of his fucking of his nephew's young wife. He had found that the technology had become indispensible in his business. Even though she may not yet know it the young hot bitch now belonged to him.