 This small narrative is part of a larger work. 

"The Gardener" Synopsis: Mid-aged widower maintains homeowner yards, and also brings love and joy to a handful of lucky single women. One of his lady friends has a young woman relative who has a severe problem. The Gardener and all his women friends come to her aid, in this sexy frolic of life conditions, compromises, friendships, and reconciliation.

* * * * *

"My first affair began with Joann. Joann has a very large yard and flower garden. She also has a semi-enclosed hot tube behind an older single floor frame home. She owns a crafting store and holds craft classes. She does summer Renaissance Faire weekends. It seems that every big busted woman shop owner seems to be trying to out do each other with the amount of cleavage there are showing. The rule is more the cleavage, the more the interest, and the more the sales. It is definitely a feast for the eyes.

Joann is a Big Beautiful busty blonde woman. She is 5 foot 10 inches, and looks a bit big boned. She has full mane blonde hair that run down her lower back that frames her beautiful face. She wears clothing that conceals her ample figure when she is out working or shopping. She never married, but had a string of short term relationships, after each failed affair she put on extra weight.

Around her yard and home, she simply lets go and shows off. She likes to wear more revealing outfits, which may includes a blue jean skirts and a mid-chest shear white pleasant blouses to nearly sheer slips. Over the spring and summer season, she seen to be getting bolder with her wearing apparels. Some people might be taken back by her boldness, but I like it. She told me once; she was raised to be proud of herself, whatever her size. 

I have about 25 to 28 customers; I take care of weekly. There are only a few single women on my route. Over the years many of these women would kiss and hug me hello, and tell me their problems. We would talk for hours. I love their descriptions of there past loves' blow by blow accounts, or should I say stroke by stoke accounts. I would like to help them, but didn't know where to start. I have a notion these ladies maybe willing to engage in some "afternoon delight," but I will go along until who knows what.

Joann told me that there was a coffee meeting between three of my single women. It was a long cold winter period about two years ago. They were lamenting their situation of not having good trusted men around for their sexual release. They didn't need husbands or boy friends to spend their money or tell them what to do. From all the men they knew, they all apparently liked me.

I lost my wife of twenty years due to an advanced illness about three years before that. At the time, I hadn't been intimate with any women since. I am usually shy; I am not the one to make the first move.

Unbeknownst to me, Joann wanted to make the first move to see if I was receptive to the idea and if I would be a satisfactory lover. I really didn't know what was going down when Joann invited me in.

I was done with her yard, and finished loading the equipment. When Joann invited me in for refreshment. I notice she was wearing her delightfully short denim skirt and a very tight pleasant blouse. In the garden, she had the top three buttons undone, and her breasts were ballooning out.

She very inciting and approachable. Her smile spoke more than anything she said did. I believe she likes showing off her enormous breasts, which are nearly ready to bust out of her top at any moment. She also has a nice roundish pear-shaped rear. She is plump. She never stays outside too long in the hot sun, because her skin is very fair and burns easily. 

She bents over holding on to my shoulder pouring my lemonade; another two buttons have been undone. Talk about being overt. She watches me watch her and smiles that wicked look. "Come let's sit on my sofa," she says, holding on to my hand. She asked if I wanted some lemon Bavaria pie. I said sure. I ate mine right away. She sits down right real close to me and eats her pie slowly. Then she put it down on a side table half finished.

She looks at me with those large brown bedroom eyes. She licks her lips. I'm hypnotized watching her breath. Her breasts seem to expand every time she inhales. Her blouse is straining with her every breath. It's tough just watching her eyes and her swelling breasts at the same time. She breathes again. 

She starts to caress below the inseam of my pants leg feeling the outline of my growing cock, and sighs. She picks up a piece of the lemon pie with her finger tips and licking it leaving some on her lips. 

A button of her blouse pops open up; leaving most of her breasts nearly fully exposed just a little above her nipples. She leans over and starts kissing me thoroughly. I taste the lemon pie on her. It's a mind out of body experience. She kisses me with an open mouth and a wild tongue. I hear her moaning softly. I'm about to blank out, when we break off. 

She is licking her lips, and smiles. Her face is a little flushed. I looked down to find that she had loosed my belt and pulled my zipper down. I never even felt her doing that. I thought that I was too sweaty and smelly to be making out or anything else. She breathes more rapidly, and doesn't say a word. It's like she hyperventilating. I smell the vanilla scents on her, and nothing else. She licks her lips, and begins kissing me again. She pushes me down flat on her sofa. I like a woman in charge. 

My hands drift down from her waist to her full fanny I hold her from falling off the sofa. She feels soft and warm. Her yummy weight squirms around my body. I feel like I'm in another world. Her kisses do take my breath away. She breaks off, sits up, and smiles. Her huge breasts were most fully exposed. She seems to takes no noticed of them. She energized as she leaps off the sofa. It hard not to watch her breasts bounce as she moves about.

I felt like a deer blinded by headlights. I had fantasies about moments like this. Never in my wildest dreams had I a chance in hell to have anything like this. This is heaven. I'm entertained by this voluptuous cherub. 

"Isn't that a special greeting," she said. I told her that she smelled so sweet, and that I might not smell so good.

She said that we could sit in her hot tub and it would be OK. I said that I didn't have any swimming trucks with me. She said, "I know you have boxers on so we can go with that."

I stand up; and kicked off my shoes. She pulls down my pants. She says, "you're my guest and I want to help you." 

We kiss again, and she puts my hand on a string that tied her skirt. She twirls around and her skirt drops away. She wearing silky floral print panties underneath and they were getting wet.

We go hand in hand to her covered porch where her hot tub and an outdoor shower are. I take a quick shower to rinsed off my day's sweat. She pulls at the back of my boxer shorts, drops in a bar of soap in there, and pats me. She tells me that I look good, as the water makes my boxer shorts clines to my body. 

The tub looks so inviting; the bubbles are spiraling around. I climbed in and sat down. Joann got in and started rolling her hair into a bun. She sits down, and her blouse finally breaks open. "I knew that would happen," she said. "Whenever I get sexually excited, my breasts swell up." Do you like them? She stood up as she modeled them. They are gigantic round mounds accented with thick pink nipples and framed by large areolas. Her breasts bounced invitingly, I like the way they move as if they were glad to see you. I said to her that they were beautiful, and that she looked truly erotic. She sat down again. A second later, she had pulled off her panties, and threw them at me. She then giggles at me, "you can keep them for a souvenir." 

Before I knew what hit me, she wrested my boxer shorts off me. Then she lunged at me. She sat on my lap, and we started making out again. Her whole body seems to be one huge erogenous zone. Every where I would touch her she would seem to come into an orgasm. She presses one of her nipples into my mouth for me to suck. I love sucking nipples, and breast play. I fingered her little love button underwater, and she's breathing heavily again. 

She plays with my cock and my scrotum. "Oh...I love your big package," she says. "I want you to love me, please love me tonight." 

What can I say? "Joann dear, I hadn't made love in years."

"Sweetie, its been a longer time for me too, and in all that time all I had were 'toys' to play with, I know you are better. I promise to go easy on you. It's like riding a bicycle, once you know how you'll never forget." 

She maneuvers her pussy over my cock, and slips on. It looks like my cock knew where to go. The look of her face says it all, and her eyes had that at peace look. 

"Finally, I'm here," she sighs, "I'd been waiting and wanting you for so long."

She strokes me; she softly sighs with every movement. She feels weightless to me. She feels tight and warm. I'm not is any hurry to come, and love caressing her. She begins bobbing up and down over my cock, making waves in the tube. I perceived her tightening over my cock. I sense that I am coming and tell her. She goes on and on faster as I grip her hips, I feel her coming. I squirt a backlog of cum into her. 

After a while, we got out of the hot 'fun' tub. Joann holds on to my cock and leads me to her bedroom. After drying off, I laid down on her full size soft bed. I love watching her running around the house and room nude. She unties her long blonde hair, and it falls free. She shakes herself. The sight looks very sexy to me. I can watch her body move all day, especially her bouncy breasts. She finds what she is looking for, a personal lube product. 

She lights scented candles, puts on some nice quiet music, and turned down the lights. She jumps in bed, and we kiss, deepthroating each other. There are generous amounts of her to love. My hands caress her fanny, up and down her crack and into her pussy. I can do this endlessly; I'm not going any where important, and Joann is feeling happy, what else is there?

Her pussy is wetter than before, and we were in the tub. She turns around and we get into a "69" position. I have never done this to another woman. Is every woman is different on how they respond to my touch? On Joann, I can do no wrong. Anywhere I touch her gets her going. I tongue her little hot buttons, and she floods me with her pussy juices. I drink it up. She pulls up slightly and uses her huge breasts to surround my cock. She squeezes me. I tell her I'm coming and she devours my cum. 

She lies down beside me, and asked me if I was hungry? What do you got I inquired? More lemon pie. I said sure. She walked off; I see her pussy juices drip down her leg. It's as if she's heat. She was back with two more slices. This looks like a surreal picnic, eating dessert on a bed with a wickedly beautiful naked woman. We feed each other and lick pieces of food off each other. 

I'm up again. Joann smiles at me, "three times?" She rubs some personal lube on my cock and hops aboard. She is riding me like a wild woman. Her hair is flying all around, obscuring her face and breasts from my view. I held on to her breasts and she leans over for me to suck. I hear her yelling as she comes. I am surprised that I'm staying this hard for the longest time. I hope she have good springs on her bed. I never have seen some one as big as she was to have so much energy, especially in bed.

I stopped counting the number of orgasms I think she has after six or seven. She's a wild woman. Round about an hour, she starts yelling, "give it to me, give it to me," it about then I gave "it" to her. We lie there together, and take a short nap.


I awoke to Joann kissing me. She loves being oral. I like it too; my tongue is always up. Taking it easy, I caress her breasts, face, and hair. She asked to me let's take a shower together. We walked into her shower area. We soap up each other. She tells me, "want to feel something neat?" I was game. She guilds my hand to rub her pussy. "Now wait," she says. I feel something warm. 

"I'm pissing, I always want to try that, now you try," she says. 

I think this is funny and erotic, but I can't deliver it up until I get less excited. We hug slowly, and then I wet her.

We wash up again, and dry off each other. We adjured to her bed, and snuggle together all night. I felt like she was making up for lost time. Getting the love and affection, she missed all these years. I'm happy to make her happy. It is so nice sleeping with a woman once more.

Postscript: I visit with Joann every week, plus a nooner every now and then. During the last two years, she lost 37 pounds, and looks marvelous in her new skin tight hip hugger jeans Queen Size. Maybe regular sex should be on everyone weight losing plan. I don't know how many calories or points cun or pussy juices have, but it should be treated as a reward.

She is now a distributor for 'those' personal care products. She has Tupperware style parties for women on those special lotions. 

I don't know if there really is an aphrodisiac. But I think I know that good steady sex with people who love and care for you makes sex the aphrodisiac for life. Excuse me for preaching to the choir. 

Advertisement: Women of northeastern Wisconsin and parts nearby. Do you need your lawn 'rolled,' 'fertilized,' or your bush 'trimmed?' I am licensed, degreed, and published in these special arts. We can do some great work together or becum a best seller, or anything we can think of. Write back in feedback.