 All characters in this story are of legal age.

*****

I was intent on spending the holiday alone with my PlayStation 4 and some fellow online shut-ins but my roommate Dillon was having none of it insisting that I tag along to dinner with him and girlfriend Amelia. I'd been dumped by my girlfriend Jessie. She'd delivered the coup de 'grace by telling me that she was in love with Barry. When I think back on it all I really wasn't that surprised considering Barry Ellsworth was the non-stop subject of most of our post-work conversation. Jessie bonded with Barry during the many after work excursions at the local gym. She chided me for never supporting her weight loss. Jessie had the surgery after her company insurance came online following her ninety-day training period at the job. I'd always told her that I loved her just the way she was but that wasn't entirely true.

In reality I'd preferred my former girlfriend in her original form as a somewhat frumpy looking brunette with an exaggerated pronounced pear-shape. Since the days of my early teens I'd nursed a mostly hidden fetish for thick, pear shaped women probably due to my first time being with a friend of my older sisters. Her name was Renee and she was this large, boisterous light-skinned black chick with a positively gigantic ass. Renee and I had a friendly, jokey association peppered with plenty of horse play and frank talk. She'd shown up at my house one Sunday afternoon right after my eighteenth birthday looking for my sister who was out with friends. Unknown to Renee was the fact that she was on the "outs" with her circle who'd purposely left her behind attending a college party. Renee was the kind of woman that kept her true feelings close to the chest. Upon realizing what had happened she asked for one of my dad's beers from the fridge. Feeling responsible for my sister's bad behavior, I'd struck up a conversation with the large woman about her humongous butt spilling off the kitchen chair that degenerated into an impromptu wrestling match. We were both nude in under ten minutes. It was a real weird situation for me made all the stranger by the fact that she had three years on me and was quote-unquote...a fat chick.

Renee had drunkenly collapsed in the hallway leading to the front room door after making slobbering good-byes that led to awkward deep kissing. I found myself looking at her gigantic ass which was big as my torso and twice as wide barely hidden away under some surprisingly loose fitting khaki pants with an elastic band at her wide waist. I couldn't help myself as trembling hands drew the beige pants down to the bottom of her ass cheeks finding a pair of extra-large panties adorned with multi-colored hearts. Renee giggled and burped as her massive butt was slapped and fondled. Just one of her butt cheeks required two hands to knead and grope. I ended up drawing her underwear deep into her crack exposing her wide expanse dropping my pants at her suggestion. Renee Simpson got fucked hard for over forty-five minutes on the floor of that hallway. Something about the wild jiggle of her huge butt stirred a wild side deep inside me as I repeatedly shot multiple ropes of cum all over her gigantic, quivering ass. I was crazed mounting her prone form humping myself to another round of toe curling climaxes until the large woman managed to buck me off. I'll never forget how her jellied backside bounced around as she pulled her pants up. She didn't realize that there was a very large wet stain on her ass concerned only with escaping my lustful advances.

Later when my normal senses returned I was worried that I'd gone too far. I was worried that maybe the cops would be coming after me. My older sister didn't help matters any reuniting with Renee who seemed to always be around my home. Renee had a wise, weathered kind of beauty that grew on you over time and I must admit jerking it to her during a lot of lonely nights. She always kind of gave me a knowing wink whenever she was around driving me nuts. Things finally came to a head when I found myself cornered in her garage after delivering a box of her belongings due to another flare up with my sister. I found out that she was only pissed a t the mess I'd made of her pants which put her in dire straits with her overly religious mother. She also chided me for not taking advantage of her other body parts namely an equally huge pair of tits I'd missed out on while pounded the snot out of her mountainous ass. Renee underlined her statement by yanking up the dashiki-like shirt covering her pendulous breasts giving me instant raging wood. I found it kind of funny that she found a strapless bra to wear at her size.

Looking back on it, Renee's tits were probably a little too pendulous but tell that to a newly minted eighteen-year old with a jackknife cock. She moaned a little bit too loud when I nibbled her prominent nipples licking the circumference of her saucer like areolas. I managed to push both of her sagging tits into my mouth sucking for all I was worth until Renee lost control returning the favor with a scintillating, sloppy blowjob. My sister's friend was a nasty bit of business taking two blasts of thick gooey cum to the face before wrapping her tits around my cock and wringing out even more cum. Renee even joked that she had worn my "little virgin ass out" flaming my desire and laughing as her knee length shorts were snatched to her thick ankles. She stopped playing as I fingered her dripping cunt with inexperienced but spirited fingers while she bent over the trunk of her parked car. I got down on my knees trying in vain to spread her giant tan cheeks doing my best to lick her snatch. It was a lost cause because of the girth of her trunk-like thighs so I was obliged to shove my cock inside.

It was like I hadn't missed a beat as Renee accommodated my frenzied thrusts be spreading her legs further than I thought capable for someone of her size. The sensation of pounding her deeper than I had before overtook my good sense causing me to yank off the rest of her clothing until she was completely nude bouncing on the end of my cock. Can't lie I liked what I saw in front of me considering Renee a vision of Rubenesque beauty dying to be ravaged. Renee had become uncharacteristically passive allowing me to take everything while lying on her back. Her huge, thick cellulite covered legs locked around the small of my back while I savaged her tits to my heart's content. We both managed to cum simultaneously as I stupidly emptied by balls inside her snapping cunt. Even though she was a large pear shaped woman, Renee could work her hips like nobody else. We worked together until I mounted her body allowing her to roughly jerk my cock until I came all over her bulging belly in a messy display of unbridled lust.

"You don't think I'm gross?"

"Fuck no; you're beautiful Renee."

We shared our only true romantic kiss at that moment realizing that we could hear some giggling coming from the other end of the garage. Some punks were peeking through the barred doors having viewed the entire tryst between Renee and myself. We scrambled going our separate ways only to talk on the phone a few times before Renee revealed that she'd joined the marines. She was gone in little under a week never to be seen again. There were rumors that she lost her life during the first gulf war but years later I found that she was living happily married in a suburb near Baltimore. I had to contend with the other "rumors" regarding my hookup with Renee. My sister angrily confronted me asking if it was true but I denied everything.

I don't think my sister believed me but she never brought it up again.

Months later circumstances would confirm my nascent proclivities during a house party thrown by an associate of a friend. Her name was Tasia Simpson, a visiting cousin of this girl known to be something of a troublemaker. Steven the host of the party did his best to oust the Tasia and her entourage to little effect finally giving up leaving them to their own devices. She immediately popped up on my radar or rather her defining attribute. Her skin was almost indigo dark but her beauty was apparent in her shiny countenance. I was hesitant to make a move because of the proximity of many frolicking children in attendance coming off as antisocial and sullen by default. The party of course continued around me as I took in her enticing curves wrapped in a denim dress that hugged her thick body. My luck picked up later when Tasia literally landed in my lap after some spirited horseplay with her much larger cousin. Her meaty, squarish backside literally knocked the wind out of me spilling my Heineken everywhere.

Tasia immediately made amends apologizing profusely before replacing my beer giving me an inspiring look at the back of her muscular thighs. Her dress had ridden up during the scuffle giving me added incentive to go for broke. There was this zipper at the back of her dress that had been undone revealing the bottom of her meaty cheeks. She obliged me with the pleasure of zipping her up silently daring me to go further. Mixed company gave me pause along with her thuggish looking associates. I was surprised when she planted her substantial rear in my lap for most of the evening making bland conversation. My hand had somehow found its way onto her right ass cheek but Tasia never faltered speaking of her recent enrollment in a nursing program and some as yet unseen boyfriend. I ignored her relationship talk as my fingers kneaded her special place underneath. He party continued onward oblivious to the covert petting occurring in front of everyone. She proved she was game pushing her ass into my crotch and wriggling. We engaged in this stilted dry hump for an hour finally being disturbed by her cousin Cynthia a thin, bucktoothed nightmare of cock-block proficiency.

Cynthia wasted no time annoying everyone in the vicinity with her shrill harpy's voice and disdain for personal space. She even tried to dislodge Tasia from my lap several times before I got irritated enough to hit the bathroom. Cynthia was definitely what you would call a "Hater" waging an endless campaign against my libido and seemingly succeeding. I'd entered the bathroom pissed with the intent of blowing off some steam in a mini-tantrum when Tasia pushed into the bathroom lips first. We made out like beasts my hands pinching her thick cheeks maniacally. She turned her back to me allowing me to finally unzip that jean dress finding out that she was indeed a very bad girl. The nineteen-year old was nude underneath drawing my attention to her large elongated thick cheeks. Unfortunately, Cynthia came knocking hard at the bathroom door drawing my ire. Surprisingly Tasia let her into the rectangular bathroom against my wishes explaining that the cousins did everything together. In short order, I found myself stuffing the skinny bucktooth sister with a mouthful of cock while making out with Tasia.

The cock block specialist had some oral skill throating me continually before getting so hot and bothered that she stripped down to the buff almost killing my erection. Luckily Tasia followed suite losing her dress completely to reveal a powerful pear shaped body completely devoid of breasts. She demurely covered her flat chest with it pencil thick nipples until I cupped the back of her head kissing her deeply while Cynthia went down on me again. Tasia had this short bob-style haircut that seemed to work with her soft dark features while her homely cousin had the mother of all weaves. The ugly girl was sucking me like she was getting paid and rubbing her sex. My hand dug deep into the under cuff of her ass finding her flesh unyielding and tough with a hint of suppleness. Cynthia began making noise about getting fucked first because she'd gone down on me. She seemed to be the brains of the operation speaking like some street hawker until I shoved myself into her from behind making her gasp loudly. Her small rounded ass was not to my liking making my cock look obscene protruding from her cheeks. Both of my thumbs touched easily as I pumped her tight cunt annoyed at the hoop I was being made to jump through. Tasia helped me out by turning her ass in my direction making her cheeks clap. Cynthia was sporting a D-Cup that offset her thin boyish frame.

It was like fucking a blender as the homely girl twisted and twerked her rail thin body against me until she finally came narrating the entire tryst with her annoying voice. I half-tossed her aside with the intent of getting my reward for the charity act when Tasia placed her hand roughly against my chest.

"Whoa pump the breaks John Wayne; you fucked my cousin and now you want to fuck me too?"

"You told me to Tasia."

"No, I said we do everything together but you fucked her first." I looked over at a nude, grinning Cynthia before looking back at Tasia shrugging her shoulders with a smirk.

"Night ladies." I was not going to acknowledge the bullshit I'd just experienced silently determined to find someone before the night was over.

There were a few rounds of applause from some bystanders waiting for the restroom as I exited. I lost myself in the party for the next twenty minutes. I noticed Cynthia, Tasia and some of their friends pointing at me and laughing. I raised my cup in a mock toast before pouring it into a planter. At about two in the morning I found myself the odd man out as my friends made out with two girls they'd picked up at the party. We'd escorted them home on foot while I hung back pissed about Tasia's con game to get her mongoloid cousin laid. It was like I was invisible watching my friends at second base while I sat there with a rock-hard boner. Moments later I was sitting on the porch of the house inadvertently listening to the phone conversation of one girl's sister. I was tired nearly dozing off when the short, chubby sister nudged be back to consciousness with her foot.

"Don't you think you should be getting home sweetie?"

"My friends drove." I offered simply as the chunky sister scratched her jerry curled mane. She had thick horn-rimmed glasses and a rounded head with plain features. She spoke with a woman's voice that betrayed her age. She took a few steps back opening the screen door and looking into the house.

"OOOHHH looks like you might be here until morning cutie, better come with me." I took her hand and blankly followed her into the house stepping over my friends who were busy screwing their dates in the muted darkness of the living room.

I followed her down a long dark corridor to her room adjacent to the back door. I found it a little strange because she didn't have a conventional door. A large vertical shutter served as her door squeaking and scraping the floor when it was opened to allow me entrance. The room inside was very narrow allowing only a dresser and bed while I noticed a closet. I stumbled and sat on the bed facing the girl.

"My name's Lucy Anne; you lonely?" I nodded prompting her to open her housecoat revealing her nude body underneath. She had some tits about the size of grapefruits resting on top of her belly and chunky frame. Suffice it to say Lucy Anne got the hell screwed out of her that night every which way before I skipped out just before dawn.

Incidentally I did see Tasia sometime down the road months later while having a bite at a local Burger King. She walked up awkwardly striking a conversation before hitting me up for my number.

She was six months pregnant.

I would like to say that I spurned her advances but I'm only human. We ended up back at her parent's home and she ended up bent over her bed taking some serious back shots. Her ass remained firm and was now wider than it had originally been. I came inside her used snatch several times before waxing her indigo blackened ass. The desperate girl even cleaned me up if you know what I mean. I dropped her some phony digits before breaking out finally completing that sensual circuit left unfulfilled some time ago. Somebody told me she had a little girl and was now living in the south with her grandparents.

There had been other girls between that time and my last girlfriend Jessie, initially discovered working the counter at a diner. My parents had finagled a summer job for me across the street doing temp work and the diner became a haunt of mine along with a local comic book shop. I'm a creature of habit being partial to the steak dinner that was probably the best in the city along with unlimited drink refills. Jessie worked the counter exclusively with the blessing of the owner Sal for good reason. We were friendly enough at the beginning before bonding over a few mutual comics. We became fast friends and it never occurred to me that she rarely left the counter until one fateful afternoon.

The diner had become a hub of activity due to a construction site two blocks over that left Sal with more customers than he could handle. Two of the waitresses had called off for various reasons forcing Jessie out of her comfort zone. I remember sitting at the end of the counter engrossed in a vintage issue of Vampirella when something clumsily bumped into me with enough force to jar one of my arms ripping the magazine. My anger only lasted a moment as I realized that Jessie was the culprit. Moreover, Jessie's hips were the culprit as I got my first full body look at the demure waitress.

"Sorry." It sounded more like an apology for her appearance than ripping my magazine because from the waist up Jessie was a normal albeit frumpy looking brunette. Just below her waist her hips sloped out in severe extremes that made the waitress resemble a living photoshopped individual. Unknown to me at the time Jessie was afflicted with an extreme genetic disorder that caused her lower half to balloon outward giving her an exaggerated pear shape starting at age fourteen. Growing up had been hard on her with most people treating her like some sort of freak. By the time we'd met, Jessie was a withdrawn shut-in afraid to look me in the eye.

I admit being taken back by her physical appearance and her subsequent treatment by some of the construction workers didn't help. Jessie endured a cacophony of jeers and hard slaps to her huge rear before I stepped in along with her boss Sal. She subsequently called off for the next two weeks before returning to work under threat of losing her job. It took even longer for her to start talking to me having to work herself into feeling comfortable again. The ice was broken over conversation about my aforementioned rare issue of Vampirella and the influence of Jose Gonzalez on the medium. Somehow I managed to finagle a date with her to a screening of Elysium. An admitted otaku, Jessie was bawling by the time Matt Damon sacrificed his life for a sick kid. We found ourselves at a Baskin & Robbins afterward when Jessie asked me a surprising question.

"My sister said I probably shouldn't go out with you because you just want my body."

"Why because I'm black?"

"No, she said I shouldn't go out with you because I have a huge butt."

"...and because I'm black." Jessie looked uncomfortable and probably thought I was playing the race card.

"Well, she said something about black guys being into big butts and all."

"What are you trying to ask me Jessie?"

"You like me don't you; like REALLY like ME, right?" I could feel her twisting in the wind waiting on baited breath for my answer not realizing just how offended I was.

"Your sister's right; I want your body." Her blue eyes went wide for a few seconds proceeding the open-handed slap to my cheek before she got up to storm off.

"Hey Jessie; did I know anything about your body when you were hiding behind that counter at work? What did we talk about most of the time? Food for thought baby." I turned back to my strawberry malted searching sites on my phone as she stormed out in a huff.
