 The following tamil words will be used in the story: Pundai, koothi (cunt); Periya soothu (big butt); thoppul (navel).

This time I came to Singapore to attend a friend’s wedding and stayed at the Marriott Hotel over looking the famous Orchard Road. That evening I invited my darling Hasheena muche to watch a movie with me at the Lido theatre. When she met me at the hotel she was dressed in a silk saree with a matching sleeveless blouse that lavishly showed her plump and tanned arms and her dense hairy armpits. Her beauty and her plump butt drove me crazy and my cock immediately grew hard. 

We took corner loveseats at the theatre and watched the movie “Pirates of the Caribbean”. I leaned on her shoulders during the movie and enjoyed the sweet smell of her body and especially from her hairy armpits. Her arms were smooth and silky and when I began kissing them Hasheena muche grew very horny. Slowly I trailed my hand to her soft belly and played with the folds of flab. My sexy darling Hasheena muche breathed heavily and her big boobs moved up and down.

I pressed my hand on her belly and moved it into her saree and between her stout thighs. Oh yeah! She was incredibly warm over there and her panty was already wet. My fingers moved over her wet panties and I clipped one of her thick cunt (pundai or koothi) lips over the wet fabric. Intense horny feeling spread like a wild fire all over her body and she bit her lower lips in ecstasy. I asked her whether we should leave to my room and she was for it. She adjusted her saree and we left the theatre. Hasheena muche had become very horny and it was reflected on her face. 

The moment we reached my room at the Marriott Hotel, Hasheena muche stripped her and threw her on the couch. She had become a little plump to what she was a month earlier. But like this my sexy queen Hasheena muche looked even more sexy and intoxicating. She had become even more hairy. Her koothi had more hair and small black hair was also seen all over her legs. The dark tan complexion of her skin complimented her sexiness very much. I decided that I begin by giving my horny Hasheena muche a fine lick of her hairy koothi. 

I sat on the carpet between her spread legs and she threw her legs over my shoulders. I spread her legs wide and looked straight her sexy koothi. Hasheena muche’s koothi was fully covered with dense black hair that started just below her deep thoppul and ended around her dark brown puckered anus. The hair was long and curly and formed a dense moss over her pubic region partly covering her inner thighs too. Her koothi lips were thick and long and were masked by curly black hair. The hair growth was very dense that some of the hair was even folded into her koothi passage. 

She was already wet and her hairy pubic bush glittered with drops of her horny juices. Some of the hair lay matted to her tanned skin and the passage to her steamy koothi was now visible. I first kissed her inner thighs and buried my face there enjoying the warmth and her natural fragrance. Hasheena muche smelled great. I licked her inner thighs gently and brushed my tongue over the dense hair that covered her koothi. The effect was tremendous on her and she grunted loudly and spread her legs even wider. 

Her koothi parted and the entrance was covered with her juices. My darling Hasheena muche gets horny and wild very easily. I licked around her koothi lips and lapped my tongue up and down. The dense black hair got drenched very fast and lay matted to her skin showing me her thick koothi lips. It was gorgeous. Hasheena muche began to grunt loudly and breathe heavily as lust filled her. 

I have been waiting for this moment and nothing was to stop my Hasheena muche from getting horny and nothing but horny. I bunched her wet koothi hair and neatly pressed them all around her thick koothi lips. Her black pubic hair was all matted neatly around the koothi. My darling Hasheena muche has pouting koothi lips that hand like loose flaps on either side. They are dark tanned and very sexy and appealing. The hood at the top of the lips was pouting too and her clit was partly visible. I stabbed both my thumb into her steamy koothi and spread them apart and her pink entrance hole glittered like a jewel with her juices. 

I held both her thick koothi lips between my fingers and moved them in all direction giving her a fine massage of her most sensitive parts. Hasheena muche roared and squealed in pleasure and bucked her hips up and down on my face. To tease her further I clipped her koothi lips with my fingers and brought them close and moved them in circles. This aroused her horny feeling even more and she almost jumped out of the couch in deep pleasure. 

“HAAAAA!!!UUNGG!!!OOOOOO!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche grunted.

I just loved to hear her horny and husky voice when I did this and her loud moans turned into loud screams. 

Her koothi juices flowed out and drenched my fingers and rolled down and drenched her dark anus. I asked her to moan loudly and she did willingly. I spread her koothi even wider and brought my tongue close to it and gently touched her hole. She squealed and jumped as though she had been shot. Her loud screams turned me on and I at once shoved my finger deep into her tight anus. This brought her to a sudden climax and she had a wild orgasm. 

“OH!!YESS!!!AAAA!!OOOOOO!!!UUNNGGGUAAAAOOAAA!” Hasheena muche squealed as she climaxed.

Her koothi became flooded with her juices and she grunted louder than ever.

I let her orgasm subside before licking her koothi again but she was desperate for the cock. I told her to relax. I licked her inner koothi and swirled my tongue deep inside and she climaxed again in no time. 

“HHHHHHHHAAAAAANNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! OOOOO” she grunted loudly as she had her second orgasm in no time.

Her koothi closed on my tongue and the syrupy juice flowed out in torrents. I continued to lick and swirl my tongue over her warm koothi walls. The feeling was very intense for her and she cooed loudly in pleasure.

“LICK ME! LICK MY KOOTHI!!UUNGG!!!OOOO!!!NICE!!!NICE!!!LICK IT BABY!” Hasheena muche grunted in pleasure.

I held her koothi lips and drove my tongue very deep inside her koothi driving her mad with ecstasy. Her whole body burned with horny feelings and she was at the zenith of her horny pleasure.

“OOHH!!YESS!!!LICK ME!!DON’T STOP!!LICK! AAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche roared.

Her husky voice was music to my ears and it made my cock very hard. I cleaved the hood of her koothi and held her clit with my teeth and gently nibbled it sending intense waves of pleasure all over my sexy Hasheena muche’s body.

“!OOHH!!YES!!THAT’S IT BABY!!!LIC MY CLIUT!!OOOO!!FEESL GOOD!!!” she continued to grunt loudly.

My mouth was filled with her syrupy koothi juice that tasted like the best nectar. I pinned her clit with my teeth and flicked my tongue over it over and over again. It worked and Hasheena muche had another jolt of multiple orgasm that ravished her totally.

“HHAAAAA!!!YYES!!OH!!YES!!!YES!!AAAA!!HO!” Hasheena muche screamed in pleasure.

The intensity of her orgasm was so great that she closed her thighs thus trapping my head over her hot koothi. She was strong and I was not able to move my head that lay pressed to her juicy koothi. It almost took several minutes before she was out of her orgasm and relaxed her hold. 

“GOSH THAT WAS AWESOME. I HAVE NEVER HAD SUCH AN INTENSE ORGASM IN MY LIFE” Hasheena muche said and kissed my lips.

She sucked my lips one by one and tasted her syrupy koothi juice from my lips. 

“FUCK ME NOW. FUCK ME VERY HARD AND DEEP” Hasheena muche said and raised from the couch.

“NOT NOW HASHEENA MUCHE. I AM FIRST GOING TO LICK AND SUCK YOUR PERIYA SOOTHU AND THEN FUCK YOU” I said and ran my fingers over her wide and big soothu.

My sexy darling Hasheena muche turned around and bent forward over the couch thrusting her big and wide soothu towards me. She has a gorgeous periya soothu. The two big rumps were smooth and tanned dark. The whole soothu was spotless and wobbly. I loved the feeling when my fingers ran over it. A dark crevice separated her big soothu rumps and her hairy koothi looked like a swollen bun from behind. 

“HASHEENA MUCHE I LOVE YOUR PERIYA SOOTHU LIKE CRAZY” I said.

“THEN ENJOY IT MY DEAR” she grunted.

I knelt down facing her periya soothu and Hasheena muche forced her periya soothu to my face. I quickly removed my dress and my hard cock was throbbing up and down. I wanted to fuck my dear Hasheena muche so bad but before that I wanted to enjoy her periya soothu to my completely satisfaction. Holding her hips, I spread open her big soothu with my face and snuggled my face between them. The two big rumps of her soothu came down on my face and trapped me between them. The musk odor from her anus and between the rumps was strong and intoxicating. I forced my face further and kissed her dark anus.

“OH!!YES!!!YES!!THERE YOU ARE!!!KISS MY ANUS!!!” Hasheena muche roared in pleasure.

She thrust her periya soothu further on my face making her anus make an intimate contact with my lips. I spread her periya soothu and licked the wet and dark passage. The smell of her anus was driving me crazy and my cock became hard as steel. I licked up and down and around her anus coating the butt hole with my saliva. I licked all over her periya soothu and massaged it gently and with lust. The intensity of my licking and massaging increased with time and soon I was licking my Hasheena muche’s periya soothu faster and faster with great lust. 

“THAT’S IT LICK MY SOOTHU!!LICK MY PERIYA SOOTHU” she yelled.

“GET DIRTY HASHEENA MUCHE! TALK VERY DIRTY!” I said continuing to lick her periya soothu.

“HOW DIRTY MY DEAR?” she asked.

“VERY VERY DIRTY MY DARLING HASHEENA MUCHE! GET VERY DIRTY HASHEENA MUCHE” I whispered.

I licked all over her periya soothu and her dark anus. Her koothi was increasingly wet and her sweet nectar flowed out and trailed down to her thighs. 

“FUCK ME!FUCK ME! I AM SO HRONY!! FUCK ME!!I WANT IT SO BAD!!FUCK ME!” Hasheena muche squealed.

I continued to lick her periya soothu that was now drenched with my saliva.

“HASHEENA MUCHE DO YOU WANT ME TO LICK YOUR ANUS AGAIN?” I asked her.

“YES!!YES!!I WANT IT SO BAD!!LICK MY ANUS!!” Hasheena muche groaned.

It was for the very first time that I had seen my darling Hasheena muche filled with so much horny feelings and nothing was to stop her. Her grunts got louder and her voice sexier and horny. Her koothi swelled in pleasure and her dark anus began to throb.


I spread her periya soothu further and forced the tip of my tongue into her tight and musk smelling anus. Her throbbing anus did not want to open up. I forced further and it opened very slowly sucking in the tip of my tongue. I kept doing it and my tongue drilled her tight anus slowly. Hasheena muche’s anus was incredibly tight, juicy and tasty. I pulled my tongue quickly and coated her dark anus with my saliva. Her soothu passage was drenched with my saliva and the horny Hasheena muche went nuts with lust.

I moved over to the side of her periya soothu and shoved two of my fingers straight into her anus.

“OH!!OOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche roared at the intensity of pleasure.

I moved my fingers all the way inside her anus and moved them in and out. Her dark anus stuck to my fingers tight like a lasso. It moved up and down as my fingers moved in and out of Hasheena muche’s tight soothu.

“OH!!YES!!FUCK MY SOOTHU!!FUCK MY SOOTHU!!” Hasheena muche yelled.

“WHAT SOOTHU HASHEENA MUCHE?” I asked and teased her.

“HHHH!!!PERIYA SOOTHU!! MY PERIYA SOOTHU!!FUCK MY PERIYA SOOTHU!!” Hasheena muche squealed.

I fucked Hasheena muche’s periya soothu for a long time with my fingers. She grunted and forced her soothu over to me. She loved my fingers inside her soothu. I just wanted her to climax once again before I fucked. My fingers bobbed in and out of her tight soothu and very soon she erupted to a shattering orgasm.

“HHAAA!!OOOOOO!!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche roared loudly as she climaxed.

She thrust her periya soothu further to me and my fingers went very deep inside. I pulled my fingers out and cleaned them. By this time my sexy Hasheena muche had moved over to the bed and waited for me. 

“FUCK ME WITH YOUR BIG COCK!!FUCK ME VERY HARD!” she said and brushed her fingers over her wet busy koothi hair.

“TURN AROUND AND SHOW YOUR PERIYA SOOTHU HASHEENA MUCHE! I AM GOING TO FUCK YOU DOGGIE” I said.

My sexy and horny Hasheena muche turned around and raised her periya soothu. She put her head on the pillow and drew her legs slightly to her chest. Her periya soothu looked like a juicy ripe and split large pumpkin that was ready to feast. I applied some turbo enhance spray on my cock and placed the throbbing cock on her periya soothu. Her koothi was very wet and the pouting lips throbbed and were ready to welcome my cock.

“DON’T TEASE ME ANYMORE! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME IN MY HAIRY KOOTHI!” Hasheena muche cooed.

She held my stiff cock and rubbed its head at the entrance of her swollen and hairy koothi. Her syrupy juices drenched my cock head. Holding her soft hips I forced my cock into her hairy koothi. Hasheena muche’s koothi lips opened up and my cock shoved in smoothly without any resistance. Her pouting koothi lips spread wide on either side of my cock and wrapped it nice and tight. Soon I had my fat cock stuffed fully inside my horny Hasheena muche’s horny koothi. Her koothi was wet, warm and tight. Her juices kept flowing and made her koothi an enjoyable pit for an intoxicating fuck. Her dense black koothi hair tickled my stiff cock and my balls and the feeling was tremendous. Her periya soothu was spread open and her dark anus throbbed at the same time.

“OH!!FEELS VERY GOOD!YOU HAVE A BIG COCK!I LOVE THE FILLED FEELING!” Hasheena muche grunted.

Holding her sexy hips I began to fuck my darling Hasheena muche with slow and long strokes.

“OHH!!YEEEAAAA!!!OOOHH!YEEAAUHHHH!!HHHHH” Hasheena muche hissed loudly as my cock began to slowly slide in and out of her fuck tunnel.

My cock was fully soaked in her love juices and moved in and out of her hairy koothi. Her koothi was slippery and her thick koothi lips formed a warm wrapping around my stiff love meat. During each stroke her koothi juices splashed out and drenched her inner thighs and her dense pubic hair. I held her periya sooth and began to increase my pace. My stiff cock shoved in and out of her koothi faster and faster, each time getting deeper too. Hasheena muche loved the great feeling and her grunts got louder.

I was fucking my horny Hasheena muche faster and with a steady pace. I pulled my cock all the way out of her koothi and pushed it back in with tremendous force. My stiff cock spread her hairy koothi fully and the sensitive walls throbbed with every stroke.

“OOOO!AAA!HHHHHOOOOOHHHGG!!OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO” Hasheena muche roared in pleasure and thrust her periya soothu back and forth.

Her periya soothu jiggled as my cock bored in and out of her koothi and her syrupy juice flowed out and ran down her stout thighs. I raised myself a little and forced my cock further deep inside her steamy koothi.

“YES BABY THAT’S IT! KEEP FUCKING HARDER! FUCK MY KOOTHI!” Hasheena muche grunted loudly.

Her mouth was wide open and saliva drooled out of her mouth to her cheeks. Her beautiful face showed how horny she was and how good she loved my strokes.

I fucked her and fucked her with no stop at all. Her loud grunts indicated that she was about to climax.

“ARE YOU REACHING YOUR CLIMAX HASHEENA MUCHE?” I asked.

“YEAH! KEEP FUCKING MY KOOTHI! DON’T STOP!” she panted and grunted.

I increased my pace and fucked her harder than ever and my hard cock plugged her fully. The feeling was awesome for both of us. Her horny looking face, her erotic husky voice, and her jiggling periya soothu turned on my lust further and I shoved my cock all the way deep inside her koothi. I made very hard stroke sending my cock all the way to her throat.

“Go ON! DON’T STOP! JUST FUCK MY KOOTHI!” Hasheena muche yelled and rocked her periya soothu like crazy.

I circled her luscious hips with my both hands and pulled her towards me burying my cock fully inside her throbbing koothi. I almost lifted her off the bed and she climaxed like a wild woman.

“OOOOOO! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!OOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche squealed as she climaxed.

Her whole plump body rocked, jerked and quivered as the wild orgasm ran through her body like a forest fire. 

“YES BABY! FILL MY KOOTHI WITH YOUR COCK!YES!OOOO!OOOO” Hasheena muche grunted very loudly.

I just held her like that and did not move my stiff cock inside her koothi. Her koothi walls became increasingly hot and stuck to my cock. Torrents of syrupy juices gushed out of her koothi and drenched my cock. Her koothi lips throbbed and wrapped my cock very tight. I was able to sense the rippling pulsation of her koothi as my Hasheena muche climaxed in a multiple orgasm. Her loud grunts turned my on and I skewed my cock deep inside her koothi and brought her to another shattering orgasm.

Her orgasm was so intense that she collapsed on the bed and I fell over her with my cock still trapped inside her juicy love hole. She was flat on the bed on her belly and with her legs spread wide and I was on top of her. I hugged her tight and kissed her neck and her cheeks. My cock pulsated deep inside her koothi.

“LET’S FUCK AGAIN HASHEENA MUCHE” I said.

“YES! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! I AM VERY HORNY!” Hasheena muche said.

Hugging her tight from behind I raised myself and came down hard on her sending my cock all the way into her steamy koothi. It was a nice position to fuck my darling Hasheena muche. My chest rubbed against her tanned back and I kissed her cheeks and her neck during each stroke. Her koothi began to throb again and received my strokes with great delight. I forced my hands under her and gripped her crushed big tits and squeezed them hard.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche squealed in pain.

I kissed her again and again and began to pound her horny koothi harder and harder. I pulled my cock out of her koothi and made her turn around. She spread her legs wide and raised them to her shoulders. I positioned my cock at the koothi and pressed her legs. Her lovely hairy koothi opened up and engulfed my cock in no time. Now I was very intimate with my Hasheena muche with my chest rubbing her big boobs and my lips sucking and kissing hers. 

Her koothi was well open and my cock shoved in and out faster and smoother. I kissed Hasheena muche’s lovely lips one by one and darted my tongue into her mouth. I swirled it inside and tasted her saliva. I flicked my tongue over her teeth and her gums and I love doing this to my Hasheena muche. She is so damn hot and intoxicating. I sucked her lips again with great passion and lust. I licked her cheeks and soon made her horny looking face glisten with my saliva.

“YEAH! FUCK ME! HARDER!!YES! DEEPER! HARDER!” Hasheena muche cooed.

I pressed her legs and forced my cock very hard in and out of her horny koothi. Slowly I stroked her erect clit that peeked out of her pouting hood.

“OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche grunted.

She grunted loudly and climaxed again. This time I did not stop fucking her but continued to fuck her harder and harder even though orgasm ran through her body like electricity. She was struck by one orgasm after another and I kept fucking her with her lips deeply sucked inside my mouth.

“OOOO!YEEEAAAH!!!OOOOOOO!YYEE!OOOOAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche roared.

Orgasm after orgasm filled her body and her koothi juices gushed out of her koothi. It ran down between her dark soothu passage drenching her anus and finally wetted the sheets. Hasheena muche twisted her plump body in all direction during her intense and wild climax and this made my cock slip out of her horny koothi. I moved a little up and placed my hard and wet cock over her deep thoppul and hugged her tight. I kissed her endlessly until she was out of her orgasm.
