 The day dawned with heavy rain. The sky was dark and rained very heavily. Hasheena muche was still sleeping and I kissed and sucked her swollen lips and she woke up. She smiled sexily at me and I removed the blanket to feast my eyes with her nudeness. 

“Feeling horny?” she asked and held my erect cock in her hand.

“Yes Hasheena muche. I am always horny for you my dear!” I said and sucked her lips again.

The curtains were open and we enjoyed looking at the rain. I hugged her tight and sucked her sweet lips one by one and darted my tongue inside her mouth. Her morning saliva tasted great and I slurped on it willingly. I brushed her teeth and gums with my tongue and sucked her lips again and again. I then licked all over her face and soon Hasheena muche’s face glittered with my saliva.

I told her that I had asked her cousin and colleague, Johara to come here for some fun. Hasheena muche too had fantasized the periya soothu of Johara for a long time. She waited restlessly to see Johara. 

“Hasheena muche I am going to fuck you in a different position and you will love this” I told her.

“Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm” she purred sweetly.

I raised both her legs all the way up and she arched them back on the headboard. Her two huge boobs hung down like two big swollen sacks. Her hip and her koothi were raised high above. Her koothi was wide open and so was her periya soothu. I stood up and held her periya soothu tightly and sank my cock into her steamy koothi hole. In this position her koothi was below my cock and I had to bore down into it. Her koothi as usual was very slippery and wet and my fat cock filled it smoothly. Holding her luscious periya soothu I began fucking my Hasheena muche with long and hard strokes. 

“Oh! I love this! This is terrific! Vow! OOO!!!” Hasheena muche grunted.

I held her periya soothu and fucked her harder and harder and her koothi juices splashed like that of a spring well. The thick syrupy juice drenched her periya soothu, her inner thighs, her anus and the dark crevice that ran between her periya soothu. 

“Oh! Yeah! It’s wonderful! Fuck me! Fuck me! Harder!” Hasheena muche screamed in horny pleasure.

I shoved two of my finger into her dark anus in one shot and doubled her pleasure. She screamed loudly in ecstasy. Her thick koothi lips that were covered with dense black hair bulged in and out as my cock bored in and out of her steamy koothi. It had always been a pleasure to fuck my horny Hasheena muche. Her pubic hair was all wet with her juices and she was sticky all over her periya soothu. I drilled her koothi harder and deeper with my love meat and Hasheena muche squealed in pleasure.

Her loud grunts got louder and louder and I began fucking her very hard and my cock filled her koothi completely. Hasheena muche was about to climax. The doorbell rang at the same time and the sexy Johara walked in. I stopped fucking my horny Hasheena muche for a while and kept my cock fully buried inside her wet koothi. 

“You guys have started even before me?” Johara asked and continued, “Fuck her very hard and make her climax. Fuck my dear Hasheena muche, fuck her deep and really hard”.

Johara’s words turned me on and I fucked Hasheena muche with great force and she climaxed soon. Her body rocked violently and she lost her balance. My cock slipped out of her slippery and wet koothi and she lay on the bed with her legs wide spread. 

“OOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche roared like a wild animal as she climaxed. 

“Hasheena muche you seem to enjoy this so much?” Johara asked and came close to Hasheena muche.

“Even you love to fuck, don’t you Johara?” Hasheena muche quickly quipped.

Johara was almost the same age as Hasheena muche with long hair. Her face was sexy and she had a big and wide soothu and she purposely swayed her periya soothu as she walked. She wore an Indian costume, Salwar Kameez. Hasheena muche reached out and held Johara’s boobs through the dress. Johara’s boobs were not that big as compared to Hasheena muches’. She held Johara’s boobs in her hands and squeezed them gently and Johara let out a soft moan. 

“Remove your dress Johara and get naked” I said.

Johara obeyed willingly and removed her Salwar Kameez top and her black bra. She had brown tits that were thick and erect. 

“Nice boobs Johara” Hasheena muche said and rolled it between her fingers.

“Hasheena muche you do Johara first then she will do you” I said.

“Let’s see how it goes” Hasheena muche whispered huskily.

Hasheena muche held Johara’s thick nipples and rolled them between her fingers. She tweaked them and moved them in circles and Johara moaned with pain and pleasure. I moved closer to Johara and removed her Salwar bottom and her panties. Johara had a hairy koothi too and the hair growth was dense as that of Hasheena muches’. 

“Lovely hairy koothi Johara. I like the dense black hair of your koothi” I whispered.

I grabbed Johara’s koothi in my hand and massaged her crotch. Her koothi hair was all wet with her juice and it made my hand sticky. Her koothi lips were thick and long and I massaged them one by one.

“Oh! Yeah! Feels damn good! Don’t stop! Rub my hairy pundai!” Johara whimpered in pleasure.

“Come on Johara, go for Hasheena muche! Get very dirty with her! Make her horny as hell!” I said.

Johara held Hasheena muche’s head and sucked her lips forcefully and darted her tongue into her mouth. She licked all inside Hasheena muche’s mouth and tasted her saliva. Hasheena muche responded quickly and sucked Johara’s lips with great lust. Soon the two sexy and horny women were licking and sucking each other’s tongue and slurped each other’s saliva. Johara lustily licked all over Hasheena muche’s horny looking face and made it wet with her saliva. 

Hasheena muche sucked Johara’s lips with great force and bit her cheeks with growing lust. The two women were getting wild. I massaged Johara’s hairy koothi slowly. Hasheena muche broke the intimate kiss and pulled Johara’s mouth to her big boobs. Hasheena muche’s boobs were full and she forced it into Johara’s mouth. “Suck it Johara…suck my boobs…” Hasheena muche cooed.

Johara grabbed Hasheena muche’s other boob in her hand and massaged it rough while trying to force one into her mouth. She opened her mouth very wide and tried taking most of the warm flesh into her hungry mouth. Johara rolled her tongue all over Hasheena muche’s busty boobs and licked them nicely. She pinned the thick nipples between her teeth and nibbled them gently sending goose bumps all over Hasheena muche’s plump body.

Johara sucked and sucked seeing no limits. Hasheena muche’s boobs bulged even further at the nice sucking of Johara and she quivered in great pleasure. She pressed Johara’s mouth on her boobs and forced her to suck her boobs endlessly. Johara now moved to Hasheena muche’s other boob and did the same treatment and finally alternated her licks between them. Hasheena muche’s busty boobs shined like huge melons that were coated liberally with Johara’s saliva. 

I shoved two of my fingers into Johara’s hairy koothi and swirled it inside. Her tight and warm koothi walls pressed my fingers tight. I pulled my fingers at once and it was all drenched with her sweet juice.

“Hasheena muche taste Johara’s pundai juice” I said and shoved the koothi juice drenched fingers into Hasheena muche’s mouth.

She sucked it lovingly and smacked it again and again. 

“Let me suck your koothi first, Hasheena muche” Johara said.

Hasheena muche spread her legs wide for Johara and both the women were very wet. Johara moved between Hasheena muche’s wide open legs and bent her forward. When she did this, Johara’s periya soothu spread wide exposing her dark ass hole. Her soothu was big and wide. It was tanned dark and it had lots of very small black hair all over. Johara’s thighs were stout and flabby. 

“Johara your soothu is so nice. I like to fuck you myself” grunted Hasheena muche.

“Vow you have so much hair in your koothi, Hasheena muche” Johara said and ran her fingers over the dense hairy bush.

Hasheena muche’s koothi was wide open and her pouting koothi lips hung on either side like thick flaps. Johara smacked her tongue and got ready to feast on Hasheena muche’s great koothi that she had fantasized for a long time. Johara rubbed her fingers over Hasheena muche’s hairy pubic mound and deep inside the hairy snatch. She licked inside Hasheena muche’s inner thighs and gently over the dense koothi hair.

“Oh yeah…Johara! Suck my pundai nicely Johara” purred Hasheena muche.

“Johara, suck Hasheena muche’s koothi very nice. Make her cum many times. Tease her a lot. Just lick her hairy koothi, Johara” I said and ran my fingers over Johara’s soft periya soothu.

Johara rolled her tongue over Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi lips and stabbed her tongue inside her koothi in one shot. Hasheena muche did not expect this onslaught. The pleasure was tremendous and her body jerked at the sudden sensation. 

“That’s it Johara. Pleasure Hasheena muche as much as you want” I said.

Hasheena muche pressed Johara’s head on her koothi and this sent Johara’s stiff tongue deep inside her horny koothi. Johara held Hasheena muche’s stout thighs and swirled her tongue deep inside her koothi. Johara kept her periya soothu raised up and I gripped her hairy koothi from behind that hung like a swollen hairy bun. 

“Fuck Johara from behind, fuck her very hard” yelled Hasheena muche to me.

I brought a black flexible dildo that was about 15 inches in length and gave it to Johara. Both the sexy looking Singapore ladies were amazwd to see such a huge rubber cock.

“Johara, fuck Hasheena muche with this. Make her scream in orgasm” I said and gave the dildo to Johara.

She put the dildo on the bed and continued to suck Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi. Johara swirled her tongue in circular motion inside Hasheena muche’s steamy koothi and made her wriggle in passion.

“OOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche grunted.

Johara’s head moved up and down as she stabbed her tongue in and out of Hasheena muche’s koothi faster. Her saliva and Hasheena muche’s koothi juice drenched her face and Hasheena muche’s hairy crotch. I got behind and held Johara’s periya soothu and spread it even wider. Her hairy koothi parted showing her inner pink folds. With one ram I shoved my cock into Johara’s koothi.

“AAAAAAAAAAAHHUUAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOOOOO” Johara screamed as my cock filled her hairy koothi. 

Her whole body burned in lust and pleasure and she licked Hasheena muche’s koothi in frenzy. She bit Hasheena muche’s koothi lips and nibbled her clit.

“AWWWOOOHHAAHHHAHHHAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHAAAAAA” Hasheena muche roared as Johara’s tongue licked her hairy and wet koothi mercilessly.

Holding Johara’s periya soothu I was fucking her harder and deeper and she continued to lick Hasheena muche’s sweet koothi. I spread Johara’s peiya soothu and fingered her dark ass hole at the same time. She moaned loudly. My forceful fucking was driving her crazy and she at once shoved the huge dildo into Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi. The dildo spread Hasheena muche’s koothi like a spear and soon filled it totally. 

Johara shoved the dildo in ad out of Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi while my cock fucked her koothi. Both the horny woman wriggled and grunted in pleasure and their loud moans filled the room. Johara’s koothi was wet and the dark hair was all matted to her tanned skin. Her thick koothi lips were folded outward and rubbed my thick shaft with great friction. I prodded her anus and moved my fingers around the puckered dark hole. Johara grunted loudly and moved the dildo in and out of Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi.

Hasheena muche held Johara’s head tightly and bucked her hips up. Johara’s grunts got louder and she was about to climax. I gave her one hard stroke that sent my cock all the way into her hairy koothi and she exploded in orgasm like a gigantic volcano. Her lovely body quivered and jerked and her koothi became warm and tight. 

“HHHHHAAAAAUUOOHHASSSSHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Johara grunted as she climaxed and pushed her periya soothu back. 

The deep climax made her mad in ecstasy and she pushed the dildo very hard into Hasheena muche’s koothi and rotated it. Hasheena muche climaxed. The loud screams of both these women rocked the room and it took a long time for them to come out of their orgasm. My cock was still stuffed inside Johara’s koothi. I slowly pulled it out and made pressed it hard between the rumps of her periya soothu. My cock head pressed on her dark anus. I held my cock and rubbed it up and down in the dark and wet passage that ran between the rumps of Johara’s periya soothu. 

“Johara will you fuck Hasheena muche with a strap-on dildo?” I asked.

“Oh yes. I want to do that and make Hasheena muche very nasty and horny” she said.

Johara pulled the dildo out of Hasheena muche’s koothi. Johara got up and I strapped the belt around the waist and fixed the dildo that was drenched with Hasheena muche’s juices. She got behind Hasheena muche and held her periya soothu. I sat on the bed with my legs spread wide and my hard cock throbbed in front of Hasheena muche’s sexy face. Her mouth was open to take my cock inside.

Hasheena muche held the base of my cock and stuffed it inside her mouth and soon my cock bathed in a warm pool of saliva in her mouth. Her cheeks were contoured obscenely with my cock inside her mouth. Johara slowly pushed the dildo into Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi. Hasheena muche grunted and rocked back and forth to have the mammoth dildo inside her horny and hairy koothi. Her moans and grunts were greatly subdued because of her cock filled mouth. 

Johara spread Hasheena muche’s periya soothu even wider and smoothly pinched her dark ass hole. Hasheena muche wriggled her body and began to suck my cock. Her head bobbed up and down on my stiff pole and her saliva ran down over it. Hasheena muche slowly massaged my balls as she sucked my cock harder and harder.

Holding Hasheena muche’s periya soothu Johara shoved the dildo in and out of Hasheena muche’s wet koothi and fucked her harder and harder.

“OOOOOHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche grunted from her throat.

Hasheena muche’s big boobs jiggled as she madly sucked my cock. Her teeth rubbed against my stiff cock and increased my pleasure. Johara increased her pace and pushed one finger into Hasheena muche’s tight ass hole. Hasheena muche squealed in pleasure. Her cheeks bulged out as she thrashed her mouth up and down on my big cock. Her mouth was warm and tight and her sexy lips made perfect O around the shaft of my stiff cock.

“Suck his cock good, Hasheena muche, suck it very hard” Johara yelled.

The big dildo moved in and out of Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi like a piston and Johara kept fucking Hasheena muche like an experienced fucker. Hasheena muche’s periya soothu was spread wide and she felt obscenely naked with her private parts all exposed and teased. The darkness of her soothu passage and her black ass hole made her very intoxicating. She kept sucking my cock very well and I was bulding up a huge load.

“Johara I am cumming” I yelled.

“Yes baby, cum inside Hasheena muche’s mouth” Johara said and gave a hard slap on Hasheena muche’s periya soothu.

A sudden surge of pleasurable pain ran through Hasheena body and she yelled loudly and I ejaculated at the same time inside her tight mouth. She almost gurgled and hot cock cream filled her mouth. I ejaculated in intermittent sprays that flowed out in torrents and filled Hasheena muche’s mouth. The cum was so full that it overflowed out of her mouth and wetted her cheeks and lips. Johara acted as an instructor and kept telling me what to do. She was enjoying her Hasheena muche very much. 

Hasheena muche squealed in pleasure and pain. Johara spanked Hasheena muche’s periya soothu again and again. I pulled my cock out of her mouth and rubbed it all over her face. Hasheena muche buried her face in my warm crotch. Johara continued to fuck Hasheena muche with the dildo. 

“Are you nearing your climax Hasheena muche?” Johara asked and spanked again.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA…Yes…Soon…” Hasheena muche roared.

Johara kept her palm straight and gave a hard spank on Hasheena muche’s periya soothu. Her periya soothu jiggled smoothly and turned red. Johara spanked and spanked endlessly.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche yelled in sweet pain.

Johara pulled the dildo from Hasheena muche’s koothi and spanked Hasheena muche’s hairy koothi very hard. Hasheena muche yelled in pain and her body jerked vigorously. Her koothi lips were swollen and bulged out.

“Fuck her with your cock until she climaxes” Johara said and did something that thrilled me very much.

I got behind Hasheena muche and stuffed my cock into her hairy koothi. Her koothi was incredibly hot and slippery. Johara spread Hasheena muche’s periya soothu very wide and pinned her mouth on her dark anus. She madly licked Hasheena muche’s anus and licked the dark soothu passage up and down. She held the anus in her lips and sucked and licke it very hard. The pain had vanished for Hasheena muche and all she had was great pleasure.

“OOOOOHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche groaned loudly and rocked her periya soothu back and forth.

I kept ramming my cock in and out of her koothi forcefully and her koothi lips throbbed uncontrollably. Johara bit and sucked Hasheena muche’s anus again and again and finally drilled her tongue inside the strong musk smelling soothu orifice. She rolled her tongue inside and then lapped it up and down in the dark butt passage. Hasheena muche squealed in pleasure. Johara rubbed her hand over Hasheena muche’s hairy pubic mound and this fine sensation soon brought the older woman to an exciting orgasm.

“HHHHHHHHHHHHHUOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Hasheena muche yelled as she climaxed in ripples.

I pulled my cock out of her koothi and Johara took it inside her mouth and tasted Hasheena muche’s juices.

Johara sprawled on the bed with her legs spread wide. I squatted over her mouth and sank my cock into her mouth and she gripped it tight. Hasheena muche strapped on the dildo and shoved it inside Johara’s wet koothi. I was facing Hasheena muche and held her bouncing boobs with my hands. Johara humped and wriggled as Hasheena muche began to fuck her with the dildo. I raised myself up and down and shoved my cock in and out of Johara’s mouth at played with Hasheena muche’s boobs at the same time.

“HHHHHHGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Johara gurgled as my cock fucked her mouth faster and faster. Hasheena muche held Johara’s flabby thighs and nailed the dildo inside her koothi. Hasheena muche’s big boobs jiggled as she fucked Johara harder and harder. Hasheena muche spanked the hairy koothi mound of Johara and made her wriggle in a pleasurable pain. I forced my cock all the way deep inside Johara’s throat. Her cheeks bulged in and out as my cock moved in and out of her mouth as a smooth piston. 

“Fill her mouth with your hot cum” Hasheena muche said as she pumped the dildo in and out of Johara’s horny koothi.

I tweaked Hasheena muche’s jiggling boobs as I rapidly jabbed my cock in and out of Johara’s mouth. 

“I am cumming…” I gasped.

“Yes, fill her mouth with your cum” Hasheena muche yelled.

I made a few more shoves in Johara’s mouth and my cock erupted like a fiery volcano and filled Johara’s mouth with my thick white cock cream. Her mouth was full of my hot cum and it spilled out by the sides of her lips and drenched her cheeks. 

“Don’t pull your cock out…keep fucking her mouth and cover her face with your cream” Hasheena muche grunted.

Hasheena muche was now fucking Johara with hard strokes and Johara climaxed very soon.

“OOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” Johara screamed in orgasm and her ripe body jerked many times. 
