 She would lounge on her couch, wearing sexy clothes or sometimes not a stitch, and lie to herself about how she could be satisfied with her husband's penis. She called it a penis because that's all it was, anatomically correct, but...well, she self-snarled: It wasn't a big cock!

Oh, fuck, it wasn't. Like all of women friends, she'd laughed at size queens and big mamas who sized a man up firstly by his packaged goods, but lately she'd been laughing on the outside and inside thinking Damn, I want that!

Hard, thick, throbbing with a strong tight big cockhead that opened her up and scraped across her clit with every deep thrust. And that certainly wasn't what her husband had EVER possessed. He was a game man though and tried to compensate with larger and more life-like dildos, but they were still just a silicone hose to her. She wanted the real deal. She wanted big cock and she wanted it bad.

Her fingers were wet and sticky, plunged between her pussy lips when the front opened loudly and she heard her husband's voice.

"I'm home!"

"In here," she said, annoyed at the interruption, but kept her sprawled, open-thighed position on the couch.

She closed her eyes and heard him cough louder. 

"Um, we have company. This is Fred, two houses down."

She quickly threw a coverlet over her nakedness and glanced up.

He was a thickly-muscled man, stocky and wide-shouldered, but not like a body-builder. Or at least not a recent one. Even at a glance, his grizzled beard and long hair told her he'd never see fifty again, but his high-cheekbones and slim face were rugged and unique. His steady hazel-colored eyes held hers then trailed slowly down her body with a growing smile. 

She couldn't believe herself, but she was actually blushing under his gaze. Her face grew redder and she swallowed hard, however, when she lowered her eyes and flicked them below his belt buckle. She inhaled sharply as her eyes followed an obvious bulge along his left thigh. As she swallowed hard again, she felt her fingers unconsciously moving under the coverlet.

"Fred," she said slowly.

Her husband voice started loud and trailed off. "Fred's wife died just recently and I said 'Oh, sorry for your loss' and he said 'Thanks' and, anyway, long story not so long – Fred needs to borrow a rake." His voice faded as he walked outside to the backyard tool shed.

"I hope we didn't embarrass you too much," Fred smiled and leaned against the door frame. "Don't let me interrupt you from whatever you were doing. I just need a rake."

She liked his voice, though she didn't know why. He pronounced every word correctly, without a regional accent, but with a different flavor to the sounds, as if using them in his own context they were became lyrical or poetic. There was a longish pause between "just need a" and "rake" and during it as if unconsciously her thumb grazed roughly over her still swollen clitoris under the coverlet. Her eyes widened when she noticed the bulge of Fred's jeans had gotten bigger, too.

As if on cue, Fred leaned closer to her ear and whispered softly. "I hope it's a good one."

Her husband banged through the kitchen door, holding the obviously new rake like a snake that would bite him. "Haven't used it yet. One of these days though, so bring it back, okay? Ha ha ha."

"I appreciate it, Mr. Elliot. I'll return it this evening."

"Sure, Fred. Oh, I might not be here. Me and the league buds got a date with Warcraft. Just leave it with her, right, honey?"

"I'm sure Fred can figure it out."

"Bye."

They were both forgetful about locking the outside door, so that about dusk when Fred returned with the borrowed rake, it stood slightly open and inviting.

"Hello," he called gently. Then a bit louder. "Hello?"

He thought he heard faint sounds coming from deeper in the house and, setting the rake against the wall, walked down the hallway. 

The low heat lamp gave the bathroom a warm sepia color and gave her naked body a deeply tanned appearance, dusky and hazy in the steaming air. A torrent of hot water flushed down across her back as her dripping hands wrapped her naked skin in swirls of soapy lather.

Fred drew back from the doorway, then peered cautiously around again. What he had just glimpsed before on the couch was now glistening, wet, and totally naked in front of him. He could feel his cock growing harder the longer he watched her.

Her fingers circled the soapy bubbles surrounding her erect nipples before gliding in wet streaks down her belly to the folds of her pussy lips. She arched her back and lifted onto her toes as her thumbs raked across her clitoris and slid in, vanishing between the conch-pink labia. She swayed slightly as the sensations and opened her eyes. Through the steam-mist, she could see a naked man, his hard cock jutting out from a taut belly and strong thighs. He stepped closer and she slipped down to her knees and licked a circle around the head of his cock. She raised one hand to grasp his thick shaft and with the other she cupped her palm beneath his ball sac and gently squeezed.

She licked round the head again, this time grazing just the rim and then immediately wrapped her lips over the head and sucked hard. She loved the feel of rough tongue against the smooth cockhead and let her tongue dance crazily with little teasing licks as she sucked up and down. Every time his cockhead moved in and out, she felt her lips stretch and – oddly – felt the same sensation in her pussy, as if she were fucking his cock with her mouth and pussy at the same time. 

After a minute of hard sucking, she pulled her mouth away with a gagging gasp. It WAS a big cock. Her jaw would take some pain but she was going to suck his cock until he came in her mouth. She shuddered inwardly imagining this beautifully big cock shooting hot white cum in her mouth, letting it drip off her lips and splash on her breasts. Then licking it all off and wanting more. 

Before she lowered her head to his cock again, she caressed up the back of his thighs and cupped his small form ass cheeks, then opened her mouth in a wide O.

Before she was ready, he thrust deeply between her lips and took a fistful of her hair in his hand. It was perfect, she felt giddy. She'd wanted to feel that force and strength, that raw want and lustful passion – and here it was with a big cock, too. The only thing that mattered to the two of them at that moment was that they fuck – long, hard, deeply.

She began bobbing her head in counter rhythm to his thrusts and kept licking the underside of his shaft as he fucked her mouth. She felt like her pussy was flaming like gasoline on a lake, building to an inferno that would make her cum the instant his cockhead touched her pussy. She wanted it. 

He didn't need to be a mindreader to know she was peaking. Her body twisted and writhed as he pulled her up tightly along his body. Then he hunched slightly and slid an arm under her left leg and his other arm beneath her right. And lifted her easily. Her mind swam with the teetering balance until he spread his legs and then straightened them again --- his rockhard cock plunging into her sopping pussy.

It was something new. She'd never been fucked like this and it drover her crazy with sensation. Fred knew how to take a woman's pleasure for himself and give her plenty, too. Her arms draped around his shoulders, she felt his thrusts growing faster and harder, matching them with tightening her pussy lips around the shaft's driving thrusts. He slid his hands lower, just below her ass, but she didn't feel like they were going to fall over. She almost came as his thumb started working rough circles on her clit His other hand stretched wide and the tip of his little finger just barely kept up a feathery caress on her asshole. 

Fred nuzzled her neck and his teeth nipped her earlobe. "I want to cum so bad for you," he growled.

She was almost beyond words. Groaning, she whispered. "I want your cum. I want your cum from your big cock. Oh, fuck, yes!"

The instant she started a climax, she felt spurt after spurt of his hot cum shooting into her and with every pulse, she orgasmed again. "Fred, Fred," she murmured. 

They slowly collapsed on the floor. Fred shook his head with a slow smile. 

She crawled between his legs and wrapped her fingers around his slowly softening cock. "I want this."