 I woke up around 10:30 on Saturday morning, laying there for 20 more minutes while I thought about my quickie with Vinnie the night before in the garage. I was bent over with him standing behind me, grabbing my hips and thrusting himself harder into me each time. I was teasing my clit with one hand and massaging his balls with the other, moaning breathlessly asking if he was ready to cum with me. Seconds later my pussy clamped down on his hard cock with a full orgasm while his cock started spurting out hot, creamy juice into my already wet pussy. After he made sure I got every last drop, Vinnie slid his fingers into my dripping pussy, moved them slightly only to pull them out and take each finger into his mouth.

"Mmm, that's good," he said, slapping me on the ass and giving me a hard long kiss goodnight. "See you tomorrow afternoon." 

"See You Later."

I closed the heavy metal door and leaned against it, reaching down as I spread my legs to masturbate a bit. I started teasing my clit and fingering myself, moaning already from cuming only minutes earlier. I start to finger myself faster and harder wanting to coat my hand with my cum. With one last jab into my pussy, I started to cum, my muscles clamping down on my fingers, my body spazaming.

I pull my hand away, my fingers glistening in the light above. I lick my index finger, "damn, that is good!"

Slowly, I climb the stairs, put my stuff down and hop into my big comfy bed, fingering myself until I fall asleep.

When I finally do slide out of bed, I check my messages and find one from Vinnie:

"Meet me at 2:30 at the house, I'm working on...and bring a change of clothes!"

I ran to the bathroom and started the water (knowing it'll take a few minutes to get hot water on this five degree Wisconsin winter morning, I grabbed my cell and emailed him back asking what we were going to be doing. His response came back in literally 5 seconds, stating that I needed to bring my sexy body.)

With that, I knew I had a fun night ahead of me. I grabbed a towel and ran back to the bathroom to jump into the shower. I soaped up and grabbed my razor and started the shaving routine, first the legs and then a quick run through my pussy. Slowly paying attention to the trickier areas. With all this attention, I start to become aroused. I cap the razor and grab my 6-inch vibrator, sliding it in-between my pussy lips, making sure to stop and circle it around my clit and then back to teasing myself with the entrance of my hot, wet shaven pussy. I feel tight against it and start to slowly pull it out partially and forcefully jam it all the way back in. I start to ultimately fuck myself with my purple vibrating friend, harder and faster.

The sound of my wet pussy on the vibrator is starting to become louder than the shower itself. I lean against the shower wall and have one leg propped up on the footstep, pounding away at my pussy. My body starts to tremble and my pussy coats the vibrator in my own cum. I turn the control on full blast and have another orgasm right after. 

I jump out of my shower, towel off and walk back into my bedroom to decide what to wear and choose a black and magenta bra and matching thong with a pair of tight fitting boot cut jeans and a black v-neck sweater. I decide to pack an overnight bag with a change of clothes, fresh pair of undies and a few surprises as well.

After I finish primping, I grab my bag, purse, and cell and get into my car to go meet Vinnie at the job site.

I pull up into the gravel driveway and notice that he's already there but not in his truck. I get out and walk into the house to look for him. I hear some moaning from an upstairs room and climb the stairs to investigate. The sounds get louder as I walk towards the master bedroom, expecting the worst; I slowly open the door a crack and peek in.

Vinnie was standing in the back of the bedroom with his fat, hard cock in his hand, pumping it so hard. His head falls back and he starts moaning louder.

"Oh damn, get my cock harder. Yeah baby!"

I watch as he keeps pulling on himself faster. I see his body tense and his white creamy juice starts to spill out of his penis. After a few seconds, he thrusts his cock through his hand and one last drop spurts out and lands of the floor in a pile of sawdust.

I creep in slowly and wrap my arms around him, kissing his neck. He turns around, cock still in hand and smiles at me.

I bend down and lick him clean, making sure to get every last drop of cum out of his spent cock.

Vinnie pulls his boxers and pants up and tells me to put my car in the garage because we're going to take his truck. I grab my stuff and toss it in the back of the cab and climb in.

We head out of the neighborhood and turn on the interstate going north. He puts his hand on my thigh and starts to massage my leg, working his way up until his hand is massaging my pussy lips through my jeans, starting to make me get all wet again.

I lean over the center console and whisper in his ear that my thong is drenched from my wetness and he asks, "what are you going to do about it?" as he keeps rubbing my crotch.

"I want your cock," I said.

"In due time little woman."

"No Vinnie, now."

"What are you going to do?"

"Vinnie, just let me at it."

With that, he starts undoing his belt and zipper, only to have his fully engorged dick pop out.

I flip the center console up and eye his dick hungrily, licking my lips as I undo my seatbelt and scoot over towards him.

I grab the base of his cock and flick my tongue into his slit and then all around the head. I start working my hand up and down the shaft as my mouth starts bobbing on his hard cock.

"Oh yeah baby, suck my cock. Suck it good," moaned Vinnie.

I start getting into it more and I am now fully giving a first-class, deep throat road head. 

"Baby, you better stop, there's a semi coming up."

"So what Vinnie, let him watch. I hope he will enjoy the show."

The trucker pulls next to us a few seconds later and stares down as I keep sucking on him. The trucker starts honking and giving us the thumbs up signal.

I see his balls start to contract and I know what's soon to be coming.

"Oh baby, yeah, keep going. I'm going to cum!"

I suck in as much of his cock as I can, letting it hit the back of my throat. He starts shooting all of his spunk into my ready and thirsty throat. I look up only to see a smile on Vinnies face.

The rest of the drive, truckers kept honking and making blowjob gestures at us. The only problem was, all the truckers' teasing was just getting me even wetter.

Vinnie finally pulls off the interstate in Milwaukee, not knowing his plans; I keep quiet and watch where we're going. All the construction makes this place absolutely insane. I ask if he needs me to read a map, and he tells me that he has it all planned out and just to enjoy the ride.

He makes a few turns and then heads towards the river and parks in front of one of the ritzier hotels in the city and tells me to wait a few minutes.

I start fumbling with the radio and he comes back a few minutes later with a parking permit that he throws on the dash and a hotel key in him mouth.

"You ready?" asks Vinnie.

"Ready for what?"

"Night of your life?"

"Let's go, I'm game."

We park the truck in the underground structure and head towards the hotel. We head through the maze of directions and buildings to the hotels wing and head up to the twelfth floor. 

The room was beautiful, but that was the least of Vinnies worries. He had one thing on his mind, and many variations to try out. I ran to the window to see the view of the beautiful city.

Vinnie came up behind me and started to wrap his arms around me and grind into me. He grabs my hand and leads me to the bed and tells me to relax. 

I lay back on the bed, leaning against the pillows while Vinnie disappears into the bathroom for a few moments.

He comes back and stands at the foot of the king size bed and looks down at me. He slowly crawls up on top of me, kissing his way up and stopping to kiss me fully on the mouth.

This wasn't an ordinary kiss, this was his, "I'm hungry for you kiss." And I was fully prepared for him to ravage my body.

Vinnie started kissing me all over again as he worked his way down to my waist. He pulled me up to take off my shirt and bra and then made me lay back down while he worked on my pants and thong. After I was completely naked, Vinnie asked me to lay on my stomach, clear my mind, and to just relax.

I flipped over, slid my hands underneath the pillow and took a deep breath. I heard the flip of a cap, but stayed relaxed.

Vinnie placed his hands on my back and started rubbing them all around my back, paying special attention to my lower back and shoulders. He very knowingly massaged my whole body for over 45 minutes while I moaned and groaned from the pleasure of this awesome gift.

After he finished, Vinnie told me that he missed a spot and asked me to flip back onto my stomach. He started to massage my legs again and then my ass, eventually having me get on my hands and knees to get a better view.

Vinnie stopped for a few seconds and then started up again. He then squeezed a stream of the massage oil down my crack and started massaging it around my hole.

I turn my head to look at him and ask him if he was reading my mind. He said that since I told him a while ago that I enjoyed anal sex, he has wanted to try it with me and that now was as good of a time as any.

He slid his lubricated hand up and down his hard shaft, making sure to cover every part of him. He then grabbed my hips and placed his cock at the entrance of my hole.

I started to push back slowly until I felt the head of his cock push inside. I waited a minute or two to let my ass get used to the invasion that would be working its way in.

After a few minutes, I braced myself and pushed as hard as I could back on to him, taking in all 6 inches. He gasped and grabbed my hips and slowly started pushing himself in and out.

I reached underneath us and started massaging his balls. Vinnie moaned and started to fuck me even harder, slapping my ass and grabbing my hair. I knew he was getting close.

Vinnie grabbed my hips again, this time really hard and thrust himself balls deep into me. He started spurting shot after shot of sweet cum deep into my ass, my sphincter tightening around him, not wanting to let him slip out of me. 

He finally does pull out of my ass and falls in a sweaty heap on top of me, panting hard in my ear, telling me how good it felt.

I roll over a few minutes later and tell Vinnie that I'm going to head into the shower to get some of the massage oil washed off, telling him to relax and rest up until I get back.

I grabbed my bag and walked into the bathroom and closed the door. Starting the shower, I looked in the mirror and noticed all the grab marks from him on my hips. I stepped into the shower and soaped my body up, trying to get as much slime as I could off of me. I rinse off, watching the suds go down the drain. I let the water cascade down on my body, enjoying the drops against my skin. I turn around to let the water hit and massage my back and there stands Vinnie, smile on his face and a hard-on pointing up at me.

"Oh baby, you look so good wet, I bet you feel good being wet from head to toe."

"Hey Vinnie, lets wash you up, and then we'll try these ideas out."

I grabbed Vinnies hard cock in one hand and the soapy washcloth in the other and start stroking him as I wash him. This starts getting me all hot and bothered, so after a little while longer, I rinse him off and tell him that I need to have him.

I make him stand so his back if facing the shower head so he gets a slight massage as I drop down on the balls of my feet, cock still nestled in my hand. I look up at him and smile, telling him to hold on for the ride. 

I lick from the base of his shaft up to the tip and back down on the other side. I put my thumb and index finger at the base and surround the head of Vinnies cock with my mouth, flicking my tongue all around it and through his slit. I start stroking the bottom half of his shaft with my two fingers and sucking and licking the rest of him, making sure to pay attention to the head. With my free hand, I cup and start to massage his balls. 

Vinnie starts moaning, getting louder as I keep this all up. I stop stroking his shaft and start to deep throat him until my nose presses up against his stomach. I massage his balls more aggressively and can feel them tighten up. 

I put my entire hand around his shaft and start stroking him again, watching him as I work on this treat for him. He grabs a hold of the walls to brace himself and the first shot of cum shoots into my mouth, all the other spurts land on my face, neck, or chest. Once he comes back from his orgasm, he looks at me and smiles. Vinnie holds out his hand and helps me up, rinses me off and opens the door to the shower for us to get out. 

I reach for a towel, but Vinnie grabs my hand, opens the door to the room and leads me to the bed. He starts rubbing his hands all around my body and slowly lowers me onto the bed. He kisses me softly, darting his tongue in my mouth as he pushes my legs slightly apart and starts teasing my clit. 

He starts kissing and biting his way down to my neck, chest, stomach, and stops with himself positioned between my legs. He takes my clit into his mouth and starts teasing it with his tongue and nibbling it gently while he slides a couple fingers inside my dripping pussy. I lay back and close my eyes, about to enjoy the ride. 

Vinnie starts getting into it and getting rougher, pushing his tongue in as far as it can possibly reach and rubbing his chin on everything. After a while, he comes up and kisses me hard, sliding his tongue into my mouth, letting me taste myself and the work that he has done. He then starts to finger me hard, jamming his two fingers into my tight pussy as hard as he can, trying to make me orgasm. I start rolling my hips on his hand, my back arches and my pussy clamps down on his hand with his fingers inside, coating his fingers with pussy juice. He pulls his fingers out and puts them in his mouth, enjoying the taste.

I push him over, so he's lying on his back and crawl between his legs. I start stroking his cock to get it harder than what it is and then crawl up to slide it inside of my wetness. I start riding him, slowly letting him slide in and out of my pussy, watching his face as I rode him. After about 20 minutes of different speeds and pressures, he pushed me onto my back without having his cock slip out. 

He started to piston himself in and out of me, varying the speed and thrusts. Whenever he wanted me to orgasm, he would thrust himself into me fast and deep, barely coming out. After a while of this, I got so antsy and rolled over, shaking my ass in front of him, reaching down and grabbing a hold of him and putting it into my pussy and telling him to fuck my brains out.

That's all it took to make him turn primal. He grabbed my hips and pushed himself into me so hard and so deep, I was moaning so loud, the bed was shaking and hitting the headboard so fast. I came as soon as he started this and every few seconds. After three or four of my orgasms, he pushed as hard as he could into me, burying his cock to the balls in me and came deep into my pussy. 

He collapsed on top of me and we crashed onto the bed in a heap, panting, sweaty and dripping. 

The night kept on like this until 9:00 in the morning when we had to start getting ready for check out. A quick shower for the both of us and a quickie on the bed, we were ready to head home.