 I delight in all manner of girl's bodies.

I have enjoyed a petite 5'2" little Brazilian girl, all the way up to a very greatly overweight girl. From a cute 19 year old with very large breasts, to a woman who was 22 years older than me - and is the only girl I have fucked that truly had machine gun orgasms. 

All have their own delights and mysteries. 

The shapes and variety of girls bodies offer a constant delight for the eye and the experience.

I'd like to talk about the time I enjoyed a very greatly overweigh girl.

She was 25 and weighed probably somewhere around 18 stone. She was only average height, and she looked quite huge. I'll call her Sue.

Anyway at the time I lived in this large share house near the centre of town. I lived there with my then partner and a housemate who was a friend of my partners. My partner and I had an open relationship, and we had the occasional three in a bed with different people, swapped partners and she even had another boyfriend/Fuck Buddy come visiting. It was a very bohemian lifestyle.

With all this openness going about it was probably inevitable that my housemate would get caught up in the sexually charged atmosphere. Sue had a cute face, a lovely smile and she had the voice of an angel. She was a trained opera singer. But she was quite overweight. 

I can't remember who started taking an interest in the other. Maybe it was mutual thing. But we'd sort of flirt around each other and talk in sexual innuendo, until my partner who was often there when we were flirty said; "Look for goodness sakes, why don't two just get on with and fuck each others brains out. You want to, so just do it." 

Sue and I looked at each other and burst out laughing, and moved toward each other and hugged. I whispered in her ear, "Well why not?" She pulled back and kissed me quickly on the lips, and then came back for more and we tongue fucked there in the kitchen in front of my partner.

"When?" I said.

"How about right now?" she replied.

With that we went to her room with some wine and a couple of joints. We drew the curtains and darkened the room. Put some music on, drank, smoked. We were getting nicely buzzed when we started to pay attention to each other again.

We stood facing each other, embracing and kissing. She reached down and started undoing my fly. This was moving faster than I expected, but I wasn't complaining. She went down to my fly and pulled my semi-hard cock free and started sucking me. She was good. It took a lot of control on my part not to let myself enjoy it too much. Before I started to get too interested I removed her from cock and undressed each other nice and slowly. The room was quite dark, but I could still make out the curves of her body. She was very large with great rolls of fat. She had large breasts as you would expect, but the were quite amazingly self-supporting. We embraced each other nude for the first time, kissed, and slowly slithered down her neck onto her nipples. She had delightful little nipples that were very sensitive. She would let me suck each one too much as they were so tender. I moved further south, her still standing. I found her bush and smelt her sex. 

I pushed her down on the bed and I went down on her. She was quite hairy and even though she quite large, her cunt wasn't over fat. Her outer lips weren't what I expected. They were surprisingly normal. Her inner lips were intriguing though. She had incredibly long lips, or should I say LIP. One of her inner pussy lips was about 2.5" long, while other was normal size and just peaked out of her outer lips. This long one fascinated me and I started sucking it into my mouth and flicking with my tongue. She seemed to enjoy my attention, but I thought she'd get more pleasure by me doing other things.

I started exploring this new pussy, finding what made Sue work. She liked me tongue fucking her and wanted as much of my tongue as I could give her. She also liked my attention to her clit and it was during my tongue lashing of her clit that she pushed me off, and rolled me onto my back. She then climbed up to my face and sat her bush over my face and started to fuck my face while I attacked and pleasured her clit with my tongue. She was dripping wet, her juices flowing freely into my mouth. It only took a few minutes for Sue got completely crazy and jerk about on my face, cumming hugely and nearly breaking my nose.

This only got her warmed up. She then went and found my cock and sucked it into her mouth to get me hard. There is something I didn't realise about Opera singers until that point. They have great control over their mouth, tongue and throat. It's their job. Now I don't consider myself huge by any means. My 7" accounts for 16% of cock sizes, so I'm above average, but not rare.

Sue licked and sucked my cock and then simple absorbed it into her mouth and throat. That just blew my mind. No girl had ever managed to do that to me. Believe girls who can deepthroat in the REAL world are very rare. Sue just vacuumed my cock all the way down her throat. It was surreal feeling.

Before I could enjoy it too much Sue had other plans. She climbed on top of and sank down onto my now rock-hard cock.

She was hot, wet, and very tight. She actually could put my cock into her at once and had to slowly insert it in stages. Once in she relaxed and started pumping up and down on my cock. She started to have orgasms nearly straightaway, obviously enjoying my cock.

I got her off me and out her on her hands and knees. Her big arse in front of me and her wet cunt. I got behind her and pushed my cock into her cunt in one swift motion, generating a sigh from Sue. I hammered cunt and held onto hips for a ride of my life. This big girl really got off on hard fucking. The harder I fucked the more she came and the more I had to hold on and not get thrown off. 

A wild ride. 

When she slowed down a bit I started fingering her arsehole. She was very tight. I tried to penetrate her with my cock, but I hadn't prepared her so it was only wishful thinking. 

We both collapsed on the bed, catching our breath. 

Sue started moving down the bed and picked up my floppy cock. I hadn't cum yet, but I'd lost my hard-on after fucking her so hard.

She licked my cock very tenderly and started to suck my cock into her mouth. My cock growing ever larger the further it went into her mouth. Soon she had sucked me all the way down her throat and was massaging my shaft with her tongue. Normally for me it is very difficult for me to come from a blowjob. Most women don't have the patience.

Sue was different. She was a master of her art and put use her Operatically trained muscles. I wasn't sure whether she wanted me to cum in her mouth, but if she didn't stop soon I would. There is only so much deepthroating that a man can take. My cock started to swell and my balls started to boil. The pleasure was building. I held the back of her head to keep my cock as deep as possible and enjoy the wonderful sensation.

Without warning she went even further and roughly pushed a finger in my arse and continued pressing up to my prostate.

A soon as she did this, the show was over. I saw god. The universe was instantly sucked in through the top of my head, down my spine and out my cock into her mouth and down her throat. 

She took it all. 

Didn't miss a drop. 

A real professional.

We both had big silly grins on our faces. We both laughed in joy and relief. It had been good. We were both satisfied and had good time

We lay still for a while. As this wasn't a liaison of love, just lust, we didn't want to stay too long. I dressed kissed her and left her room.

This didn't only once. It happened again week later. We pretty much did the same, except this time… I face fucked her.

This something I have never done before, but I felt after Sue's effort the week before she wouldn't have a problem with it.

It is weird feeling though. When you have an above average penis, most girls can't even deepthroat half of that, but went you meet a girl who is an expert everything changes.

I lay her back on her bed and straddled her face. She licked my cock and then sucked it into her mouth. She reached around and grabbed my arse cheeks and pushed me deeper into her mouth. She was doing some pretty fine work with her tongue on my cock, but I thought I'd see what would happen if I started to move in and out. I didn't want to choke her and no one had even done this for me before.

I was soon working up quite a rhythm, fucking in and out of her mouth, her tongue still working up and down my shaft.

Same as last week, I totally lost it and once again the whole universe was drawn into the top of my head, down my spine and out my cock into her mouth. Again she swallowed it all and didn't gag once.

We never fucked again after that. We'd scratched our itches and didn't need to do it again. I will remember as one the most intense experiences I have even had and consider myself lucky to have at least one worldclass blowjob in my life.