 This is my 20th submission. Most of my stories are made up fantasies. Some have a bit of truth. 

The following story is 100% true. Please enjoy.

*****

When this all started my wife Karen had been best friends with Meg for over thirty years, they went everywhere together and Meg spent a lot of time at our house usually four or five times a week. 

They went to school together and were both forty four years old. I'd been with Karen for more than twenty years so I'd known Meg as long as I'd known Karen. We had a nineteen year old daughter who was away at university. 

Karen was a size 12 with very big boobs for her size, she hated them and would keep them covered as often as possible much to my annoyance as I loved them. But she's gorgeous and looks and smells great at all times. I've always felt very lucky that she's mine. 

Meg was a curvy size 16, very pretty with short dark brown hair and always wore makeup and perfume and dressed smart. She was very flirtatious and sexy and having big boobs she loved to show a lot of cleavage. When she wore jeans or trousers her pussy was very noticeable and shown a huge camel toe, Meg caught me staring at it many times and I'd fantasised over it a few times while masturbating. 

I'm forty seven years old and a little heavier than I should be, but I've reached the stage in my life where happiness and enjoyment come before fitness and gym membership. 

Karen and Meg looked alike, dressed alike and acted alike but that's where their similarities ended. 

Karen's marriage and home life was great and we were very happy, but Meg hated being at home, that's probably why she spent so much time at our house. 

Her ten year marriage had gone stale due to her slob of a husband being too lazy to work or even take care of his personal hygiene. Meg was unable to have children and her husband was unsympathetic towards her and blamed her totally for their messed up life. They even slept in separate bedrooms. Meg drank a bottle or two of wine most nights to forget her problems. 

Karen had a good job in the pharmaceutical industry and would often spend a few days a week away from home. I missed her a lot when she went away but so did Meg as she had no outlet from her bad home life. 

One time Karen was away for three nights and as usual we would send each other flirty texts. On the second evening of her trip she sent me a text saying 'I'm horny as hell, can't wait to get home to you.'

The following day I shaved off all of my pubic hair as Karen preferred it that way. 

A while later Meg texted me asking me for ideas to what she could get Karen for Christmas. I replied with a few ideas and we chatted via text for about half an hour. 

That evening I was feeling very horny myself so I took a photo of my freshly shaven genitals and texted it with a message to Karen. 'I'm ready for you, I hope you like it.'

My phone pinged and I opened the message, 'wow, it looks very nice but was it meant for me or Karen? Haha.'

Oh fuck I'd sent the photo to Meg! I'd forgotten to change the message recipient on my phone. 'I'm so sorry Meg, please delete that photo it was meant for Karen.'

'Don't worry, I'll delete it, accidents happen lol.'

I sent it to Karen and once she came home I confessed to her what had happened, she laughed and when Meg came to the house next it was a strange atmosphere for a while but Karen told her that she knew all about it and it was quickly forgotten. 

The next time Karen had to go away it was for a whole week. She left on the Saturday and it was a very boring weekend. That was until my phone pinged on Sunday evening. It was a text message from Meg, 'I need to confess that I didn't delete that pic!'

'Why'

'Karen's a lucky woman having that cock all to herself, now I can look at it when I'm horny!'

'Are you horny right now?'

'Yes, and wishing I had your cock for real.'

'Are you drunk?'

'Yes, and wanted to show you something.'

'Really? Go ahead then.'

My phone pinged, it said 'picture messaged attached.' I opened it and there was a photo of meg naked from the waist up showing me her huge tits. 

The message said, 'there we're even now.'

I replied, 'wow, they're fucking amazing Meg but we're not really even as mine wasn't a topless photo, it was bottomless lol.' Hoping that she'd show more. 

Immediately I regretted sending that as this shouldn't be happening. After ten minutes there was no reply from Meg. My head was in a spin, I thought had I been set up by Karen to test me? Had I upset Meg? I didn't know what to think. 

About fifteen minutes later my phone pinged again, I was nervous to open it but hesitantly I pressed the button, there it was, a photo of Meg laid on her back on her bed, her legs were wide open and there was a close up of her pussy. My hands started to shake and my belly was doing somersaults. It felt like a teenager getting his first look at a pussy. I'd seen probably thousands on the internet but this was my wife's best friend and my friend of twenty odd years. 

I sent Meg a text, 'oh god, you're so fucking sexy, if you were here I'd eat your pussy and fuck you all night.'

'Shame I'm not there then lol.'

I forwarded the pic to my iPad so I could see it clearer. I opened the pic on my iPad and immediately thought what a beautiful pussy, her lips were closed but it looked so clean, pink and unused. Her closed slit between her outer lips seemed massive. It was shaved very smooth except for a landing strip of dark hair from her clit upwards. My cock was rock hard so I went to my own bed to continue our texting. 

I stripped naked and got into bed then texted Meg, 'I'm so hard after seeing your pussy, I'm in bed stroking my cock.'

'Prove it lol.'

'Ok, but how about I see how wet you are!'

I sent her a pic of my hard cock dripping pre cum and immediately received a pic of Meg holding her wet pussy wide open with one hand. 

She was soaking wet, but I noticed how tight her vaginal entrance was, just a small tight opening at the bottom of her long slit and a lovely shiny red clit perched on top. 

It was obvious that Meg had been masturbating as her juices were dripping freely from her and her fingers were glistening with her pussy juices. 

'Is that wet enough? Looking at your cock pics has done that to me.'

'I'm just imagining my hard cock entering your wet pink pussy, I'm sure it could be if you were here right now.'

'It definitely would be, I'd love it.'

That was the confirmation I needed that I could fuck Meg. Reading that last text looking at her pics and stroking my cock was too much and I came all over myself. 

'You've just made me cum, I'm having fantasies about you.'

'Glad I can still satisfy a man, it's been a few years since that happened. Maybe those fantasies will be reality one day.'

'I hope so Meg.'

'Me too, I think I should go to sleep now and hopefully won't feel embarrassed about this when I wake tomorrow, goodnight.'

'Goodnight, sleep well.'

Monday morning I woke earlier than normal and instantly remembered my indiscretions from the night before. I looked at the photos Meg had sent me and confirmed to myself that if the opportunity arises then I will fuck her. I hoped a sober Meg would still feel the same. 

I waited for about an hour hoping to hear from her but nothing happened, so nervously I sent her a text, 'morning Meg, I hope you're feeling okay.'

Straight away the reply came through 'morning naughty, I've never felt better! How are you?'

'I feel better now you've replied, I was very nervous that you'd regret it.'

'I was so horny last night, I really wanted your cock in me.'

'I wanted you too, maybe it will happen one day.'

'What about today? Are you busy?'

'No I'm free today but even if I was busy I'd change it for you, can you come here today?'

'Yes, about 10:30 this morning, then we could spend all day together, is that good for you too?'

'Sounds perfect, see you then.'

I put my phone down and my stomach was churning, I felt like a teenager going on a first date, even though I'd known Meg for over twenty years. It actually occurred to me just how much I'd fancied her over the years, but the realisation that I was about to cheat on my wife with her best friend was making me feel sick. 

I was hooked and wanted to fuck Meg so there was no going back for me, at ten past ten the doorbell rang, I answered the door and was surprised that it was Meg, "You're early" I said nervously.

"I couldn't wait, it's been over three years since I had sex with anybody but myself and I'm not waiting any longer."

We sat down in the living room both smiling nervously although Meg seemed more assured than me, "I was concerned that this was a test to see how far I'd be willing to go." I said.

Meg stood up in front of me and started to unbutton her blouse, then she took off her jeans, she finished unbuttoning her blouse and dropped it on the floor, "are you convinced now?"

She stood right in front of me in a pair of yellow trimmed with white lace soft cotton panties and matching bra, the bra could barely contain her huge boobs and her cleavage was the best I'd ever seen it, her panties clung tight to her huge bulging pussy and were stuffed half way inside her wet cunt. 

My cock hardened in seconds, and I said "you look fucking amazing."

She leaned forward putting her face close to my face tilted her head slightly and kissed me full on the mouth, her wet lips felt so sexy and her tongue entered my mouth as mine entered hers. I reached up and grabbed hold of her big hanging tits as they tried to spill from her bra. I helped to free them from the restraint of her bra and they were beautiful, although they were big they were still very firm with big brown areola and thick hard nipples. 

And doubts and nervousness left my thoughts as I took each of her tits and hungrily sucked on her magnificent nipples. I stood up took Meg by the hand and led her upstairs. We went into the spare room, a room where she had stayed many times in the past, any evidence of Meg left in the room would be easily explained. 

As soon as we were in the room Meg took over, she was clearly hungry for cock after being starved of it for years. She unzipped my jeans and helped them down my legs, I stepped out of them and Meg grabbed my cock through my boxers, she made a noise best described as purring like a cat as she stroked it and squeezed it. Then she started to nibble it, I was desperate for her to release it and put her sexy, red wet lips around it. I didn't wait long as she slowly slid my boxers down exposing it inch by inch. Finally my cock sprung free, "oooooooooh." Said Meg as she put her hand around it and moved her mouth ever nearer. 

She caressed my balls with her other hand as she inspected my whole groin area, "I've never touched or even seen such a smooth shaved cock on a grown man, it's lovely, so much cleaner and nicer looking than one covered in pubic hair."

She slowly pushed back my foreskin and exposed my wet pre cum covered head, she poked her tongue out and put the tip on my wetness then pulled her head back a little as a strand of my juice trailed from my cock to her tongue. Meg then put my cock between her lips and wiped the head of my cock around her lips causing her lipstick to smudge a little, she sucked my juices into her mouth and then wrapped her lips around my cock and slid her mouth down my length, "oh god Meg, that feels amazing." I said as her head moved up and down the length of my cock, soaking it in her saliva and my own juices. 

I sat down on the edge of the bed as Meg kneeled down feasting on my hard cock, she licked my balls then the underneath of my cock until she reached the tip then gave it a gentle nibble as she giggled with delight. As she stroked the base of my cock her mouth sucked the head of my cock and moved up and down the shaft, it felt wonderful and I wanted to cum. "We better change places Meg before it's too late." I said. 

Meg sat on the edge of the bed and laid back, she lifted her legs up and I kneeled down in front of that beautiful sight of her pantie clad pussy.

There was a large wet spot easily visible in her tight cotton panties so I began licking it, it tasted really sweet almost as sweet as honey. Her clit produced a small lump in her panties and I licked it slowly at first, Meg demanded I licked harder and faster and pushed my head hard into her pussy, very quickly she came and shook and screamed. Her juices had now soaked her panties so I started to remove them. 

She arched her back and I pulled them down from her arse leaving just her pussy covered, slowly I revealed her pussy, I first saw her dark, thin strip of hair, either side of the hair she was shaved smooth. I continued to pull them down and her clit hood was revealed quickly followed by her slit. 

The panties were now off and discarded to the floor, I licked her inner thighs as my hand cupped her pussy, with my fingers on her clit. I then parted her outer lips with my thumbs and stared in wonderment at her almost virginal perfect pink tight pussy.  

Her wetness was dripping from her and my tongue was hungry to stop it escaping. I licked up the oozing juices and tasted every drop on my tongue before swallowing it then I kissed her pussy with the same passion I'd kissed her mouth earlier, my tongue was inside her as my lips met her inner pussy lips, my nose was circling her clit as I continued to French kiss her beautiful wet tasty cunt. "Oh my god, don't stop, that's fucking amazing." Said Meg.

I had no intention of stopping and kissed and tongued her until she screamed and I felt her pussy pulsate on my tongue. This was the sweetest, cutest little pussy I'd ever seen and I didn't waste a single drop of her sweet juices that were now pouring from her. My whole face was covered in her cunt juice as I rubbed my face all over her pussy. Her heels were digging into my shoulder blades as she pulled me into her, I sucked on her tender clit and nibbled it gently with my lips and teeth. I then put just one finger inside her pussy as I continued to suck her clit and it felt so tight I was desperate to get my cock inside her, Meg came again as the walls of her cunt gripped my finger. I pulled my finger from her pussy and it was soaking so I put it in my mouth and sucked it clean. 

Meg was still on the edge of the bed and I stood up, my cock was at the perfect height to her pussy, grabbing her legs behind her knees she lifted them up to her chest offering me the wonderful view of her pussy and arse hole. But there was only one hole that interested me right now. "Fuck me, I can't wait any longer." Meg demanded. 

"My pleasure." I replied. 

My cock was rock hard and leaking a lot of pre cum, I wiped it all over my cock and held my cock at the entrance to Meg's soaking dripping cunt, I wiped the head up and down the length of her slit and pushed gently so it was just between her outer lips, then I rubbed the under side of my cock over her clit but couldn't wait any longer, I slid it down from her clit to her hole and with a gentle push it easily slid inside her, my full length was inside her and my balls were pressed against her arse.

Meg released her grip on her legs and opened them wide, I took hold of her legs and started thrusting myself in and out of her and watched her big tits wobble in time with my thrusts, Meg grabbed her tits and roughly squeezed them and thrust her groin back at me. I was in heaven and needed to come but wanted this to last, I slowed right down and Meg moved so my cock fell out of her, she crawled further onto the bed on all fours and I got onto the bed behind her, I slid my cock back into her and grabbed her hips and fucked her like I've never fucked before. I felt her hand move between her legs and she rubbed her clit furiously. "Cum in me, do it now I'm going to cum." She said. 

That put me over the edge and I shot spurt after spurt of hot sticky cum inside her throbbing wet cunt as Meg came too. I held onto her soft hips and felt my tender cock softening inside her. I pulled out and a stream of juices shot from her pussy onto the bed, Meg fell forward breathless onto the bed and I laid beside her cuddling her. 

"Thank you so much, you've made me feel like a woman again, that was amazing."

"The pleasure is all mine." I replied.

I couldn't believe how this beautiful sexy woman had been ignored unloved and neglected all these years, she deserved better than the deadbeat husband she was with. 

That was three years ago and we still meet up most times when Karen is away.