 Jake never knew what hit him, as he came to, he tried to pull himself up off the pavement! He was dizzy as hell and learned damn quick he was way too busted up to move. Just then he heard a woman's voice: Hey mister! You ok? Don't move! I called 911! Help is on the way! Your hurt, so stay still! Jake was really foggy on the details; all he could tell for sure was he couldn't see too good; his leg was broken and he was pretty sure he was busted up inside by the way his ribs and insides felt! The young woman kneeled down and cradled his head. Then he felt a gentle caress across his cheek. Her soft cool hand felt wonderful! You're going to be ok, just hang in there! lay still! You have to be ok! Oh God... please be ok! He could hear her starting to cry as everything started to fade... then everything just went black! 

Beep... Beep...Beep... Beep...What the hell? That sound in his head made no sense... Man, last night must have been one hell of a party, if the pounding in his head was any indication. At least that was what he was thinking as he was coming around. Jake opened his one good eye, realizing there was a bandage over the other. The florescent light in the celling was off, but the bed side lamp was on and its beam was still a bit harsh for him to adjust too in the darkened room. As he tried to focus, he finally got his bearings, realizing he was in the hospital! Right next to his bed was a beautiful woman sleeping in a chair. She'd been holding his hand when he first woke up. 

Jake didn't know her, but he was sure going to change that score the second he was able! "well big boy" if you're feeling well enough to have that on the brain, you can't be in too bad a shape, he thought, chuckling to himself. The woman stirred a bit, but didn't wake. Man was she lovely, long auburn hair, great figure. Her tanned supple legs were long and toned. Displayed in all their glory, due to the fact she was wearing a pair of cute little neon orange short shorts with lacey trim. Just then, a nurse stepped in the room and Jake held up a finger to his lips and winked at the nurse, hoping not to wake the sleeping beauty next to him. 

The nurse smiled and whispered. "Glad to see your awake Mr. Jake, we've been worried about you". How are you feeling? Well, you tell me, I'm a bit foggy on the details. All we know Mr. Jake; is you were hit by a truck. What? That's the report we had on you when they brought in four days ago. I've been out of it four days? Yes, and you are very lucky they brought you in when they did Mr. Jake, or we would have certainly lost you! Oh, and by the way, that dear girl sleeping over there in that chair, she never would have gotten the chance to thank you for what you did! 

Ok now I'm really confused! Well Mr. Jake, "Its Jake Thorn mam", Short for Jakob. Oh, I'm pleased to meet you Jakob. Now get some rest, the doctor will be in to see you in the morning when he makes his rounds, he will update you on your condition. But relax, I hear your going to be just fine! That sweet girl over there will fill you in on what happened when she wakes up. The nurse smiled and turned to leave. Oh, by the way Jakob, what you did for her was quite special. It's no wonder she hasn't left your side since they brought you in. Remember that about her when she wakes up, she said with a smile, as she left... 

Jake realized he must have dozed back off for a while, waking up to the soft touch of a cool hand rubbing his cheek. He opened his eye to a big beautiful smile on the prettiest face he'd ever seen! Hi there, he said. The nurse told me you woke up for a little while earlier. Why didn't you wake me up? She pouted with such a cute expression. She instantly had Jake wrapped around her little finger for life! Oh, sweetie, I saw this angel sleeping and didn't have the heart to wake her, he said honestly and smiled. She bent over and gave him a quick peck on the lips. I'm so glad you're going to be ok! 

I thought those assholes at the bar had killed you! Her anger was telling in her expression as she spoke. You're going to have to help me out sweetie, I'm a bit foggy on the details. Well it's no wonder, the bastards ran you over with a truck as they got away! Fucking cowards!! Wow! They must have really pissed you off Jake laughed! There was four of them, they grabbed me coming out of the bar and had it on their minds to drag me off and rape me. Then God knows what they would have done to me after that! You walked out just in time to hear me scream and saved my ass! 

You beat the shit out of three of them and the fourth one ran off and got in his truck... the others jumped in the bed as he peeled out to get away from you. They were driving off as some others from the bar heard the fight and came out to help. But they saw their chance as you were trying to get to me, I was still on the ground where they jumped me. One of them smacked me in the back of the head when I screamed and knocked me out for just a second. Your back was to them as you ran to help me. I heard one of them in the back of the truck yell at the driver to run us down! The fucking cowards! You reached me as they bore down on us. Picking me up like a ragdoll and throwing me clear just before they could run us down. You weren't so lucky! 

You saved me twice! Once from getting raped and probably murdered! Then you sacrificed yourself by getting me clear of that speeding truck before it hit us both! Thank you, Jake, for saving me! You paid a horrible price! I'm so sorry Jake, this is all my fault! The sweet woman's eyes began to tear up as Jake reached out to comfort her. Hey it's not your fault! I'm damn glad I was there baby girl! Don't you worry! I'm fine! 

I talked to the doc while you were sleeping Jake... I told him I'd tell you the truth of it. Jake sucked in a bit, then realized he'd best get ready for what she was about to say. Ok let's hear it. With tears in her eyes she took a deep breath... Jake figured shit; it must be bad the way she was acting! But hell, he didn't feel all that bad, he still felt like giving her a run for her money, he laughed. This isn't funny Jake! What are you laughing about?! I'm sorry sweetie! You act like I'm dying! I'm going to be ok! No tears, please! This isn't your fault, it's those four dick heads in the trucks fault, not yours! 

She snubbed a few more times, then she mustered up the courage to speak. Your leg Jake, its broken in several places, they had to operate. You have several pins and a steel rod holding it all together. It's going to take weeks to heal, then months of rehab, before you're able to walk again. Then there were internal injuries, they had to do emergency surgery on you for that too! You lost your spleen. Aw hell sweetie, all that will heal fine, no need to fuss. The worst is your eye Jake, her tears were flowing like a river as she was barely able to finish. It's gone Jake! It was severely damaged, they had to remove it! 

After telling him that, she began to sob uncontrollably and fell on him burying her face in his chest. Aw sweetheart don't cry! I'll be fine! In truth, he wasn't really all that upset, he was just glad he had been there. Please don't cry, I'd do it all over again to save you from those animals, no regrets! None!! I mean it!! She raised up, tears flowing from her sweet eyes as she kissed him deeply over and over to the point, he was starting to get aroused. Hey you, it's going to be fine! I'm going to be ok, he said as he raised her up to look in her eyes... 

You better stop kissing me like that, or I'm going to get excited here girl! If that happens, you really will have your hands full and I mean it! You're an incredibly beautiful woman you know! She smiled and kissed him again. Then bent over to his ear and whispered "you just wait till I get you home Jake! I'll show you how wound up I can get!" biting his ear before she stood up! Making him laugh so hard it hurt his ribs making him wince. HA! That will teach you to laugh at me! Smart ass! She giggled! Oh, I see how you are missy! He said smiling. Glad to see her feelings of guilt in this matter had been resolved to his satisfaction. 

There is one thing you could do for me he said. What's that Jake? You name it! Come here and give me another hug and a kiss will ya? Her face brightened right up as she slowly stepped over and carefully crawled up in his bed and met his eyes, then kissed him deeply and open, her lithe body pressing against him, her tongue caressing his lips and discovering his mouth as she kissed him deeper and deeper. Jake realized quickly he was getting aroused, knowing there would be no way for him to hide his growing arousal in the skimpy gown they had him in! Soon his pleasant discomfort would be undeniable and he wasn't sure how this beautiful woman would react to him getting an erection. 

You see, Jake was a very formidable man, way over six feet tall and chiseled good looks to boot. With his hansom features and ripped abs. He was all man head to toe, but that wasn't how he came to be called big Jake! As his manhood began to rise to the occasion, the lovely woman quickly felt his desire pressing into her mound through her thin shorts. She couldn't resist grinding herself down on him, feeling excited to have such a man want her as she kissed him deeper, then kissing his neck, working lower and lower down his chest and stomach. Kissing him all the way down till she reached his manhood and freeing it from the hospital gown, marveling at what she saw! 

Oh my! Was all she could say. I told you if you kept kissing me like that, something like this might happen! I told you I'd get wound up! Her soft hands reached out and began to slowly stroke him as she marveled at its thickness, tracing her fingers along the huge veins that ran its length. She wasn't sure she could even get it in her mouth!! But she sure as hell made up her mind she was going to try! The nurse babe, she might come in! I locked the door Jake. So, we could talk without interruptions. Oh, I see, he said, as he leaned his head back on the pillow and drank in the pleasure of her touch. 

One more thing before we go any further, What's that Jake? Could you please tell me your name? She smiled and then chuckled to herself, realizing she had never told him. Jessie Clark, my friends call me Jess. As she told him her name, she leaned up on her elbows and opened her mouth, then expertly slid his cock deep down her throat! She took him as far as she could on the first stroke, taking most of his huge cock in the first slow smooth motion. Sliding him deep down her throat, swirling her tongue around his massive dick. Moaning with the pleasure at having such a gorgeous cock in her mouth! 

She went slow and gentle. He was injured after all, and the stiches in his stomach were way to fresh to risk straining them. But the pleasure she got from his cock was too great to resist, as she reached down to feel the moist heat of her shaved pussy through her shorts. Running her fingers over her soaked pussy as she worshiped his lovely cock with her mouth. Then she slid her hand in her silky shorts to finger herself, increasing her pleasure as she pumped his cock deep into her throat. 

Oh, Jess that's incredible. Jake was amazed at the woman's skill! He was in total shock as to her ability to take virtually his entire length. He could feel her lips as she would rub them across the rim of his hood, then the head of his cock would rub the smooth ridges on the roof of her mouth, then going deeper to the warm soft recesses of her throat before she would rise up then plunge herself down on him once more. She was incredible! She was so sensual in her movements as she sucked him and stroked her pussy at the same time. Jake could feel her moans as she came over and over! Then she stopped! He groaned with disappointment! Jake, I need you inside me! Can we? Please Jake!? I'll be careful! 

Anything for you Jess, you come up here lover, I'll manage... Jess wiggled out of her shorts and climbed up on the bed further. She was shaking with an incredible need for this lovely man who had saved her. That need was more than just gratitude. It wasn't lust! It was love, a deep desire for this man, all rolled into one moment of uncontrollable need to have that special closeness. That intimate connection with a real lover, who would give their all for her! She carefully lowered herself, so wet and ready. She had little trouble sliding him in, as he filled her, she came again! The walls of her cunt stretched to their limit as she bottomed him out against her cervix, then lifted up to drive him down inside her once more in her frantic need to have him fill her as far as she could possibly get him. 

Jake rising with her, doing his best to increase her pleasure as she was wracked with another crushing orgasm! JAKE! I'm cuming again!! As she tightened the walls of her pussy up around him, he too was getting close as she rose and fell on top of him in her rapture! OH! JAKE!! She cried out! Then, Jake exploded with his own powerful release! Rope after rope began to fill her! As she felt his white-hot seed, she began to cum over and over, her body out of control as she was taken over by it! 

Trembling all over, her legs shaking out of control as she accepted his seed! Pushing him deeper inside her than she'd ever had a man go before! The virgin depths of her womb were now, no more! She was quickly wracked with one final and incredible release that took her to a new level before losing herself in the moment and collapsing on his chest! She was reduced to a sweaty quivering state of total rapture! 

Jake was in just a little pain as he enjoyed her laying there on top of him. Clearing the hair from her lovely face as she recovered. Looking up into his eyes as she smiled. Hi there! He said. Hi back, she whispered. Jess, your incredible! You're not too bad yourself Jake! Its Jakob, Jakob Thorn actually, he smiled. Figured you should know my full name at this point...She smiled a cute little smile then giggled at him, as she carefully rose off him. Kissing him deeply once more before she got off the bed. Running to the bathroom before she made a mess. Since Jake had defiantly filled her to the brim and it was now running down her legs. 

Jake watched the lithe little woman as she trotted off. Her delectable backside jiggled with just the right amount of wiggle to drive him mad! Oh, what a woman he thought. A few minutes later, Jess came out fully nude, she had taken advantage of Jake's privet room with its own bath, taking a quick shower, now all fresh and clean. Her hair wet, draped over one shoulder. Her breasts firm and proud, standing tall with their sharp erect nipples as she walked proudly across the room! 

Jake would have crawled through broken glass to nibble on them just once! God woman! What? Jess smiled, asking him again with her eyes. Oh lord, are you ever a stunning woman! It was all Jake could muster to say, as he watched her walk over to the side of the bed and sit down next to him. Her eyes were bright, they were smiling eyes, Jake could see and it pleased him greatly. You are a wonder to behold Jess, an absolute wonder! Beautiful, sexy and so caring. Oh, and what an incredible lover! 

Well, that door swings both ways Mr. Thorn! The sexy biker with the chiseled abs and a face that looks like it should be carved in marble. Oh, and don't get me started on the topic of your enormous manhood and its magical powers! She laughed, tilting her head back, shaking her hair. Oh God how he loved the sound of that warm laughter, coming from what he was sure to be an angel from haven! How did you know I'm a biker? 

Oh, let's see. Was it the custom leather jacket? No! Or the nomad patch? No! Maybe it was the leather chaps that covered that sculpted ass of yours? The tight ass that I got to watch as you beat the shit out of those dicks who tried to rape me. But no, that wasn't it either. 

I think what really convinced me was the 44-mag snub nose Rugger I pulled from your waist band and stashed in my purse before the cops showed up! But then again maybe not? oh yes, I know what put me over the top! There's this bad ass custom FLH, one that's all tricked out, tucked away in my barn, under a tarp, all safe and sound out on my farm. That's what finally put all the pieces together. Oh, wow Jess! Thank you so much! I got your money too, your wallet and ID's as well. I put it all in your saddle bags, it's all locked up safe and sound at home Jake. 

Oh, so you already knew my name? Well not really. I didn't snoop. We saw the tag patch on your Jacket that said "Big Jake". I didn't snoop because I didn't want to lie to the cops if you were someone they might be looking for. I didn't want you to get jammed up with the cops, just for saving my ass and getting hurt to boot! God if you would have got picked up by the cops, I would have been sick! So, when I saw the gun, I pulled your wallet and keys as we waited for the cops. Since you had no ID and the cops found out you where the hero slash victim in all this, they tore out after the bad guys. 

Now I've already gave my statement to the cops. Me and nurse Wilson have been keeping the detectives at bay till we could talk, just in case we had to sneak you out of here, now that your well enough to travel. Wow girl you really got my back! Damn Skippy cowboy! After what you did for me, I got your back all day and every day! She smiled. I'm impressed, you really got all the bases covered! You know a lot about running from the law? Oh, sort of, my pop is the county sheriff. So, yea I guess so. I'm the vet here in town. Large animals, mainly dairy cows and horses. I live on a farm just outside of town. I can take you there if you need to get out of here. Jake laughed, no its all good Jess. 

I guess it won't matter now to tell you. I'm an under-cover DEA agent. You would have found out soon enough, but I'd rather you heard it from me. My telling you is not an issue at this point. NO WAY! Shit! I figured something was up, no drifter would have risked his ass to save me like you did Jakob! Again, thank you so much, she said as she leaned down and kissed him. Her breasts pressing down on his bare chest as she kissed him deeply as before. God Jakob, even busted up with an eye patch, in a hospital gown, your sexy as hell! She laughed, sliding her naked body up in the bed to spoon him. Jake pulling her up so he could suckle her lovely nipples. OH God! Jake! You got to stop! I got to get dressed an unlock the door before nurse Watson gets wise to what we've been up to in here! 

Pluss, now that I know you're ok, I have animals to care for and chores that have been getting neglected. But I'll be back later around dinner time. Will you be ok? Sure Jess, I'll be fine, you have spent way more time here than you needed to anyway, I feel guilty for being such a burden. Now stop that! burden my little sweet ass! I won't hear that out of you again understood! Jake knew quick she meant business as the fire in her eyes went dark and serious. He hit a nerve he wouldn't press again. Ok, Ok, Jess, I hear you load and clear. But there is one thing you do need to hear. Your pops will need to keep an eye out for this bunch. I'm pretty sure those ass holes are part of the gang I've been trailing for a quite a while now, and they're real bad news. 

They are sex traffickers, gun runners, drug dealers, you name it. I'm pretty sure my cover is still intact. But now I'm on their radar and you are a witness to the four of them committing multiple felony's. Before you go home or to the office, you keep that pretty head of yours on a swivel! You hear me? Yes Jake, I'll call pops and have him fallow me home. I'll fill him in on what you've told me once we are in privet at the farm. 

Do me a favor Jess. Find my badge and gun. Their hidden in a false bottom, located in the left side saddle bag on my bike. Show them to him so he knows this is on the up and up. Then sneak them up here when you come back. I could easily have unwanted visitors once the word gets out that I'm awake and talking. You keep that 44 of mine with you at all times, never go anywhere without it! Ok Jake, I will. I promise. I want out of here too. I need to keep an eye on you, so talk to the nurse about it. See when I can safely leave. 
