 This is a stroke story. It's ridiculous and unrealistic. No one is worried about STDs, sizes are exaggerated, and people can fuck for hours without chafing. Enjoy it for what it is. 

*

I grabbed my anthropology professor's hips and pulled her back, driving my own hips forward at the same time and thrusting myself deep into her ass with as much force as I could muster. I forced myself into that tight hole, going balls-deep in a single thrust. Her eyes and mouth opened wide, and I expected her to scream, but no sound came out. Instead, her eyes rolled back in her head, and she passed out.

I took a few more experimental thrusts into her slack asshole, but it was no fun while she was unconscious. So I pulled her head up by her hair and slap her cheeks a few times. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked around the room, hyperventilating as she did so. "You don't get to avoid this, slut. I want you fully present while I break in your ass."

Dr. Carrington panted, "Oh god oh god oh god... too much... came too hard..." And sure enough, a small puddle of her juices was visible under her on her desk. I smiled and started pulling back to pound her ass properly.

But perhaps I should start at the beginning.

My name is David Beech. I am a student at a small Southern liberal arts college-it's not worth naming it, since you've never heard of it. And in any case, I don't want people to find out where I am; I've got a good thing going here and too many strangers coming into town could ruin it. Nominally, my major is archeology. But ever since last summer's trip to Greece, I've picked up another field of study: fucking. Last year, and in high school, I was an average, normal student. I went out occasionally, got laid sometimes, and had a few girlfriends. But then there was a six-week field course offered last summer, where students could travel to Greece on the university's dime and participate in a real dig. I went, mainly to get a free vacation. One evening, I brought a local girl out to the dig site. One thing led to another and then we were fucking in a shrine to Priapus, a god of fertility and sex. He had an enormous and perpetual erection, which the Greeks (and later the Romans) apparently found hilarious.

I ended up railing this girl for hours. Neither of us noticed the sun coming up, and it wasn't until we were found by one of the researchers that we realized what had been happening. Long story short, fucking in Priapus's shrine did something to me, and now I've got the blessing of the god: a long, thick cock that gets hard on demand and stays that way, plum-sized balls that can release prodigious amounts of sperm, and the ability to emit pheromones that can affect people's minds in various subtle ways. Usually, they just make people horny (including me, as it happens). I got sent home early from the dig, but I didn't get in any trouble over it, and after spending a summer experimenting with my sexual superpowers on some of the girls in my hometown I returned to school ready to start living a new life, one where all my wildest sexual fantasies are sated on demand. Yeah, it's shallow, and it's not exactly superhero material, but I didn't get the relative strength and speed of a spider or the ability to talk to fish. I ended up with powers that let me fuck whoever I want and make it fantastic for both of us, so that's what I do.

I ended up making a list of women who were worth my attention. One of them was Dr. Anne Carrington, my anthropology professor. She was a bitch-still is, I guess, in a different sense. Her Ph.D. was from some Ivy League school, and she acted like she was too good for us. She was something of a name-dropper, always talking about her work with Professor So-and-So of Harvard and Doctor Who-Cares at Oxford. I think the only reason anyone took her classes was that she is a knockout. She's in her late twenties, maybe early thirties, and she is about 5' 4" and probably weighs 115 lbs at most. She has pale, milky skin, blue eyes and medium-length strawberry-blonde hair which she usually keeps pulled back in a bun or ponytail. But her best assets were undoubtedly her tits. Dr. Carrington had a truly magnificent rack-a pair of C-cups that looked surprisingly large on her small frame. On the day I fucked her ass, she was wearing a crisp white blouse and a charcoal grey pencil skirt. Her shirt was open just enough to show a bit of cleavage. She wore a strand of pearls as a bracelet, and a silver pendant on a chain dangled invitingly in between her tits.

Dr. Carrington was lecturing about something or other; I wasn't paying attention. Instead, I was staring at her tits and (when she turned around) her ass-which wasn't as impressive as her tits, but was still pleasantly rounded. I was sitting up close to the front, and I decided to have some fun. I started releasing pheromones designed to lower her inhibitions and get her mind wandering to sex. As the class wore on, she started flushing a bit and her steps started getting a bit unsteady. Some of the girls sitting around me were getting a heavier dose. The girl sitting directly to my right was biting her lower lip, breathing heavily, and shifting in her seat. I half expected one of them to start masturbating there in class, which would have been a bit more than I intended. Luckily, class ended before things went too far with the other girls (although I bet that there were more than a few guys getting fucked by lust-crazed girls immediately after class).

I went up to the professor after class ended, keeping my pheromones going. As I approached, I saw her nostrils flare and her chest rise as she took a deep breath. She closed her eyes for a moment and swayed on her feet. "Dr. Carrington," I said, "I have a question about today's material. Do you have a few minutes?"

"I'm sorry, Mr. Beech, but I'm feeling a bit off. Can you come back tomorrow during my office hours?"

"I have another class then. Let's go to your office-you can sit down, and I promise I'll only be inside as long as you want me to be." Yeah, it was a bit clumsy as far as double entendres go, but it was the best I could do.

"All right. Let's go." We walked down the hall to the anthropology department, which was empty (another stroke of luck for me-everyone had gone for the day). She went in to her office, which was tucked away in a corner. I followed and closed the door behind me-no sense taking unnecessary risks with noise, and I figured it would be fun to throw her up against it and fuck her from behind that way. Her office was a fairly standard college professor's office. One wall was entirely given over to books, and another wall had her framed Ivy League diploma hanging on it along with other personal and professional certificates and mementos. Her desk was mostly clean and clear; there was a computer off to one side, an empty coffee mug bearing the red and blue colors of her alma mater, and a small stack of papers with a red pen on top.

"Been doing some grading?" I asked.

"Yes. It's the first writing prompt for you class," she replied, as she took a seat behind her desk. "Now what can I do for you?"

"Well, I was hoping you could go over some bits from today's lecture in more detail. In particular I was wondering about..." I babbled on for another minute or so; Dr. Carrington wasn't listening, and I wanted her thoroughly under the influence of my pheromones before making my move. After a few moments, her eyes closed and she started swaying gently in her seat. Eventually, I saw her hand move up to her chest, where she tweaked one of her nipples through her shirt and then unbuttoned a button on her shirt. That was my signal. "Or you could let me fuck you."

Her eyes opened instantly and she flushed with some mixture of anger and lust. "Who the hell do you think you are, Mr. Beech?" she snapped.

"I've been watching you. You're horny, and there's nothing wrong with that. I promise I'll keep quiet about it."

"You're damn right you will," she said, and then she practically lunged over her desk, grabbed me by my shirt, and pressed her lips to mine. Even though I had been getting her worked up, her aggressiveness still surprised me. Her tongue forced my mouth open as she kissed me hungrily. She slid off her desk and into my lap with a low moan that was practically a growl and kissed me again. This time I returned the kiss with just as much vigor.

Dr. Carrington broke off the kiss first and pulled back, staring directly into my eyes. "Here's how this is going to work. We're going to fuck. I run the show. You do what I say and get me off, then maybe we do it again. If you can't keep up, then I toss you out of my office and leave you with blue balls. Understand?" said Dr. Carrington. I smiled inwardly-even when she was practically out of her mind with lust, she was still giving orders. I knew I'd be able to bring her around soon enough, so for now I just agreed with her, trying my best to seem nervous and docile.

She stood up and sat back on her desk, spreading her legs as she did, giving me a very nice view of an ivory pair of lacy panties covering up her pussy. I could see a dark spot where her wetness was seeping through the fabric. "Good," she said. "You can start by eating me out as a warm up." She hiked up her skirt and toyed idly with her pussy through her panties. I sunk to my knees and moved close to her, close enough to smell the musk of her arousal. I kissed her lightly on the inside of each thigh, alternating from side to side and drawing closer to her cunt. Then she grabbed my hair and pressed my face into her, smashing my nose and lips into her panties. "Don't be a tease." I pulled her panties to the side and set to work. Her clit was already engorged, so I focused my attention there. I used a technique that served me well before receiving the gift of Priapus, and used my tongue to trace out the alphabet on her clit and labia. I started with a capital A. She was moaning by the time I reached E, panting by the time I reached H, and on M she started screaming in orgasm. Her hips bucked up against my face and a small flood of her juices came out. I lapped them up eagerly and continued going through the alphabet. As I hit Q she came again, squeezing her thighs around my head and pulling on my hair as she writhed around. As she came down, she pulled me up to me feet and kissed me, tasting her own juices on my lips and tongue. "Fuck me, you're good at that. You deserve a reward. Sit back down." With that, she pushed me back toward the chair and stood up, causing her skirt and panties to drop more-or-less back in place.

As I sat down, she dropped to her knees and pushed my legs apart, running her hands up my legs as she did so. Her left hand met resistance just above my knee, causing her to stop. "Is that..." Her mouth dropped open as she felt my cock through my jeans. With both hands, she rubbed my erect cock through my pants, getting a sense for its length and thickness. "Oh, my. That's definitely the biggest dick I've ever found. I'm glad I'm running the show here, or you could tear me up." If only you knew, I thought. I was already partially erect, but I was growing under her touch.

She reached up to my crotch and, with her hands shaking slightly, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. I had planned ahead, so I was going commando, and as a result Dr. Carrington was confronted by the sight of the base of my cock pressed against my inner thigh. Priapus's gift to me included an impressive cock. At full length, it was a bit over 13" long and thicker than a soda can. I wasn't quite fully aroused yet, but it was still impressive. Dr. Carrington reached in and hauled out my equipment. It hurt a bit as it rubbed against the seam of my pants, but such is life. Once it was out in the air, I decided to give her the full show and let it harden all the way. In a matter of seconds, it swelled under her grip, getting longer and thicker, and losing the slight bend that let her drag it out into the open. It stood up proudly as she grasped the shaft in one hand. "That's... impressive, Mr. Beech. Or perhaps I should call you David and Goliath. I can't even close my hand around it."

She began to stroke me in long, single-handed strokes, going from base to tip. She ran the fingernails of the other hand lightly across my balls. "And these things are sized to match, aren't they? How did a student like you get so lucky as to have equipment like this?" Then she brought her other hand up and started pumping faster. Before long her vigorous pumping began to have an effect and precum started to ooze out of my dick. She ran her hands across the tip, gathering up my copious emission, and used it to lubricate her hands as they glided up and down your shaft. She started twisting them in opposite directions as she stroked, adding in extra stimulation. "You're enjoying this; I can tell," she cooed. Her breath was quickening to match her pace as she pumped.

Within a few minutes, her soft hands and firm grip started to overwhelm me. A normal man might hold back, but one of Priapus's gifts was a nonexistent refractory period, so I didn't feel any need to hold back. I started to buck my hips up as my professor's handjob caused incredible sensations. She knew just when to let go and let her hands glide gently up and down my length and when to squeeze tight. Just before I came, she backed off with a small smile just. She reached down with one hand and grabbed my scrotum, close to where it meets my body, and made a circle with her forefinger and thumb with my balls hanging below. She squeezed gently and pulled down on my sack. "Not yet. If you can hold on a bit longer it will be worth it."

Then she brought her mouth into play-and if her hands were heavenly, her mouth was downright divine. She started with my balls, running her tongue across my nuts, coating them in her spit. "Mmmm, so big and full..." she mumbled into my sack. Then she opened her mouth wide and tried to engulf one of my plum-sized seedmakers entirely. It took her a few moments, but she managed to get one in there, filling her mouth almost completely. I felt her tongue frantically swirling around, bathing my orb in hot saliva. After a few moments of this, she removed your ball from her mouth with a pop and then turned her attention to its twin, giving it the same treatment. During this whole time her hands never stopped moving, and soon I grunted as her stroking hands brought me to orgasm. 

My cock pulsed a few times, and each time a small spurt of off-white cream dribbled from the head of my dick. As the cum drooled out of my cock, Dr. Carrington let out a small whine of disappointment. "I would have hoped that someone with a dick like yours would have some more stamina, or at least a more impressive load." That's when I let fly with my real load. My cock throbbed in her hand as I fired off an enormous shot of cum, a pencil-thick rope of thick white seed that was a foot long if it was an inch. The stream went off over her head and landed with an audible splat somewhere on the far side of her desk. It was soon joined by another stream, and then a third and a fourth. Dr. Carrington gasped with each shot. "Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my!" I continued to unload; my next shot left a pearly streak across her desk, and then Dr. Carrington angled my dick down lower, so that the next half-dozen powerful blasts struck her desk's front panel, staining the dark wood white. She kept stroking me as my orgasm subsided; a few weaker spurts landed on the floor behind her, and the last dregs spilled out over her knuckles. Then I relaxed back into the chair. Dr. Carrington stood up and leaned over her desk, examining the mess I'd left on the far side. Without turning around, she said, "I underestimated you. How long has it been since you emptied those bull balls?"

She didn't realize that an orgasm like that was, to me, a warm-up. She continued, "It's a shame you won't be able to fuck me now after an orgasm like that." I stood up behind her wordlessly, and answered her by pressing up against her from behind, so she could feel my rock-hard shaft grinding against her ass and back. "And you're still hard? I'm impressed. Maybe the students here are good for something after all." That was the point where I decided I was going to show her her place and fuck her into submission.

I hiked her skirt up again and grabbed her panties, tearing them from her body in one quick motion. I pressed the head of my cock against her opening, which was practically dripping. But she pulled away and turned back to face me. "You're not running the show here. If you want in to my pussy, all you've got to do is ask." 

She grabbed my shirt and drew me in for another passionate kiss. "Let me fuck you," I said. She stepped around the desk, pulling me with her, and then sat me down in her chair. She faced away from me and looked back at me. 

"Strip," she said. I quickly pulled off my shirt and raised my hips to drop my pants, kicking off my shoes as I did so. Dr Carrington sat back against me, with my cock nestled in the cleft of her ass. She ground against me for a few moments. As she did so, I could see her hands working in front of her, undoing the buttons of her shirt. She pulled it open and took it off, still facing away from me and grinding against me, giving me a lovely view of her pale white back and the straps of her ivory bra. She leaned back, pressing herself against me, and continued to writhe, all the while emitting a low moan that was practically a purr. I reached around her and grabbed her tits, groping them through her bra; I felt her erect nipples against my palms through the lacy fabric. Then I pulled at the front clasp, tearing the fabric rather than unhooking it, then tossing the shredded fabric away. Now her bra and panties match, I thought.

Dr. Carrington said, "Do you want to be inside me, baby? Do you want to fuck my cunt?" With a low growl, I pushed her away slightly and positioned my cock at her entrance. "Let me do that. I want to take my time with this monster and show it the respect it deserves." She teased the head of my cock for a moment, keeping it (and only it) in her while she made some small movements. Then she slowly sunk down onto my shaft until her ass pressed firmly against my groin and my balls were pulled up tight against her cunt lips. "My... goddddd," she moaned, as she got acclimated to my size. 

Dr. Carrington then started to rock up and down on my cock, taking most of my length with each stroke and emitting little coos of pleasure when my cock reached her deepest places. She leaned back against me, rolling her hips as she did. I reached around and started to rub her clit with one hand and slap lightly at the sides of her tits with the other, while she tweaked her nipples. She turned her head, putting her lips by my ear, and murmured, "Your cock is amazing, baby." In response, I moved my hands down to her hips and began to thrust up into her, causing her back to arch as she spasmed with pleasure.

She froze in place with her head thrown back and her mouth open as she came around me. Her hips twitched a few times, and I could feel her cunt clenching and releasing my shaft. Then she fell backward, laying against me, as she rode one orgasm directly into another. I reached down and grabbed her legs behind her knees, pulling them up to her body and supporting her weight as she quivered and moaned. I started thrusting up into her-weakly, since I wasn't able to get a good angle. But that seemed to be enough to prolong her orgasm. I could feel her juices spilling down over my balls. I leaned back, letting one leg go, and turned her head toward mine so I could press my lips to hers in a fierce kiss. I felt, rather than heard, her small moans of pleasure through the kiss.

After coming down from her climax, Dr. Carrington pulled herself off me and then turned around to face me. She as breathing hard and her face and chest were flushed with a mix of exertion and pleasure. I got up and laid down on her desk. She climbed on top of me and mounted my cock, leaning forward slightly to make her tits accessible to my hands and mouth. I took her up on the offer (what a gentleman!), giving them a light squeeze and biting lightly on her nipples. She paused for a moment as her pussy engulfed the tip of my cock, then with one quick motion she swallowed up the rest of it. "Oh, fuck, that is fantastic!" she said as she slowly pulled herself back up. Just before I slipped out, she slammed herself down once more. She kept up this action, repeating it over and over-the slow rise and the sudden, powerful descent, letting my titanic rod touch her core each time. Each thrust was accompanied by an gasped exclamation: "Fuck... yes... so... good... so... fulll..." Her cunt gripped my cock like a fist on each upstroke, bringing our inevitable climaxes ever closer.
