 "Why do they always have to turn everything into a contest?" Gretchen asked me. "I love them, but they really can be a pain in the ass sometimes."

"Honey, they're our best friends," I replied. "Besides, we've had some pretty incredible experiences with these contests, haven't we?"

"I guess, Chris. Brenda and Ryan always get so carried away, and then gloat when they win. Not only that, but Nude Day? Really?"

"I've already got it all figured out, Gretch. We're going to have a day to remember. There's no way they'll win this time."

"That's what I'm afraid of," she replied with a nervous smile. "That's what I'm afraid of."

* * * *

A gentle breeze blew into the windows, vibrating the blinds and waking me up. I rolled over and looked at Gretchen, who was lying on her back and still dozing. I drew the sheet down, exposing her naked body to the cool air in the room and noticing that her nipples stiffened almost immediately. Deciding I would start the day off on the right foot, I maneuvered down the bed and got in between her legs with my face only a foot away from her pussy.

Not every woman enjoys being woken this way; Gretchen adores it. She stirred as I nibbled and nipped at the inside of her thighs, then sighed as I pushed her legs apart and covered her pussy with my mouth, using my wet tongue liberally. It didn't take long for her to start squirming her hips and grabbing at my hair as her sighs turned to moans. 

Gretchen was pinching both of her nipples as I slipped two fingers inside her, fucking her with them as I sucked on her clit, flicking it with my tongue in the process. She was becoming more vocal as she neared her orgasm, her cunt clenching my fingers ever more tightly in a telltale sign of her impending release. Her breath caught and she exploded, thrusting herself up against my mouth and screaming loudly. I kept at her for a bit as her body twitched before she finally pushed at me and scooted away.

Moving back up on the bed, I started to kiss Gretchen, hot open mouthed kisses that made her moan. She loves to kiss me after I go down on her, tasting herself on my lips and tongue. My hand found one of her breasts and I toyed with her nipple, pulling and twisting it hard enough to make her gasp. She turned on her side and lifted her leg up, making her desire clear. I moved in behind her and rubbed my hard cock up and down her pussy, making her coo with delight. Getting serious, I maneuvered it between her lips and found her opening, thrusting up and forward, filling her quickly.

She reached down and gently drew circles on her clit, grinding her hips back into me as I began to rhythmically thrust into her. Once Gretchen has her first orgasm, subsequent ones follow quickly and easily, and this day was no exception. I controlled the tempo as best I could, but when her cunt clenched tightly with the approach of her second orgasm, I held her by the hips and fucked her hard. When her climax hit, I was past the point of no return, and I grunted and filled her needy cunt with my seed. I continued thrusting until I had emptied my balls of all that I had, then wrapped her in my arms and growled in her ear. We lay like that for some time, dozing lightly and enjoying the feel of being pressed against each other.

An hour and a half later, we were sitting naked at the kitchen table, sipping on coffee and chatting. Gretchen's long, sandy blonde hair was a mess from sleeping and fucking. She looked wonderful to me, as she always did when she woke up. There's something quite intimate about seeing a woman like that, or at least I've always thought so.

"I already know what Brenda and Ryan are doing today, Gretch. They're spending the day at a nudist spa resort."

"Of course they are. How do you think we'll top that, Chris?"

"We're going to spend the day naked."

"Honey, there's no way we'll win just sitting here naked. I can't stand the thought of their smug little smiles as we buy them dinner yet again," she moaned.

"Who said we're staying here?"

"Hold on, Chris. What's going through that crazy mind of yours?"

"I've already got the day planned out, honey. We've got this thing in the bag."

"Honey....I don't know. I'm not really into the idea of being arrested for public nudity."

"Well, we'll have to be careful then," I said with an evil grin. "It's a Thursday. People are at work. Kids are in school. Who's out today anyway?"

As if on cue, the doorbell rang, causing Gretchen to roll her eyes and give me a yeah, right look. I peeked out the window and saw a man and a woman standing at the front door, holding some papers. I turned to Gretchen and gave her an evil smile, then walked to the door.

"What are you doing?" she asked with a look of shock on her face.

I let out a little laugh, then opened the door to face our visitors. I wish I'd had a video camera to register the change in expression that took place in the moments following the opening of the door. The man was already starting his well-rehearsed Jehovah's Witnesses speech when he realized that he and his cohort were now witnessing something they most definitely didn't expect. I was very amused when I watched the woman run her eyes down my body and settle on my cock. I wondered if she'd ever seen one before. She'd be praying later, I thought, because she looked at it for much longer than she needed to. 

"Hey honey. It's the church people," I called out to Gretchen. "Come say hello to the church people."

The flustered man grabbed his partner by the arm and shooed her away from the door, walking away quickly without a word. I heard the sound of a camera behind me, and turned to see that Gretchen had snapped a picture. She'd managed to catch me from behind, and still captured the church couple in the background as they walked away from the door.

"Okay. We might win this thing yet," she said with a giggle. "I'm taking pictures as proof. When we win, I'm having both steak AND lobster for dinner."

"That's the spirit, honey. I told you. They can spend the day at a nude spa. We're going to have an adventure out in the real world. There's no way they'll top that."

"You're nuts, Chris. But okay. What's next?"

"We're going to have an outdoor breakfast picnic. Remember that quiet little section of the nature preserve that no one ever seems to go to? We are."

"I can see you've thought this through Chris," said Gretchen as she took a deep breath. 

"Of course, honey. Did you expect anything less?"

"Yes," she giggled.

We spent a few minutes buttering some bagels and packing them along with some fruit and drinks into a small cooler. We grabbed a big beach blanket and went into the garage, leaving the door down until we were settled into our SUV. I turned the ignition key, hit the button to open the garage door, and off we went.

Our vehicle is a big GMC Yukon with tinted windows, so we were able to trundle around the local streets without any fanfare. Driving on the Interstate, however, was a bit of a different story. We were heading directly into morning sun, which lit up the inside of the car as if it was a spotlight. With the power seats as low as they could be, we were safe from the view of drivers in other cars. The semi that pulled alongside us, however, provided its driver with a birds-eye view of the naked Gretchen sitting in the passenger seat. The sound of the air horn signaled the driver's approval, and a smiling Gretchen waved to him and rolled down her window. He reciprocated, and she yelled above the din of our vehicles to him.

"Happy Nude Day," she screamed.

"Indeed," was the only word he muttered, offering a giant smile and a thumbs up signal. He smiled for Gretchen as she snapped his picture, and I sped ahead and in front of him, turning off the next exit on the way to the park. He sounded his horn once again as he went past, and we laughed like a couple of high school kids.

Minutes later, I drove through the gates of the park entrance, and found the parking lot to be nearly empty. The lot was quite large and was surrounded by trees. There were entrances to several trails of varying distances and degrees of difficulty at various spots along the perimeter. I pulled over to the farthest one, which was the most difficult of all the trails. It was rare for someone to hike this trail on weekdays, because it could take most of the day if you wanted to hike the entire length of it.

We scanned the lot, then gathered the blanket and cooler and slipped through the entrance and onto the trail. We walked for about a half hour before coming to our intended destination. There was a football field sized spring fed pond off to one side, and at the far end a creek took the run off down through the woods. Directly in front of us was a large, flat rock outcropping that stood a few feet over the pond. On our left was an open, grassy field that was treeless and bathed in sunlight. There were several large boulders strewn among the field, giving the appearance of a game of marbles abandoned by some giant beings.

We spread our blanket out on the rock outcropping, then pulled off our sneakers. After we took a few pictures of ourselves, we slipped the camera into one of our shoes and jumped into the pond. The water was cool and exhilarating, and we swam around and frolicked like kids. I've always loved the freedom of swimming naked, and this was no exception. It didn't take long for the experience to begin to affect me in other ways. That fact wasn't lost on Gretchen, who made her way over to me with a hungry look on her face. 

She pressed herself against me and kissed me, and in an instant my cock was stiff and pressed against her tummy. Giving me a wicked grin, she reached between us and slowly stroked it.

"Mmmmm. It's going to be one of THOSE days, is it?" she asked with a smile. "I like those days, in case you were wondering."

"I don't know what you're talking about, Gretch. All I was doing was swimming around, and you decided to come over and fondle me."

"You're not putting up much of a fight," she giggled as she looked down at my stiff cock in her hand. "Do you want me to stop?" she teased.

"I'm a big believer in finishing what you've started, actually."

"Oh, I see, Chris. Why don't you sit on the rock at the edge of the water and we'll see what we can do about that?"

I wasted no time wading to the edge of the pond and jumping onto the rock. Gretchen followed, and when I was settled she leaned down and covered my cock with her mouth. She toyed with me, stroking me with one hand as she slowly bobbed her head up and down, twisting it from side to side. She alternated swirling her tongue over the head of my cock with sucking me hard, causing me to grunt with approval. I wanted to finish, but Gretchen had other ideas.

She stood up, still holding me by the cock, and looked into my eyes.

"I need you to fuck me, Chris. Now," she said, bending over the rock and sticking her ass back and out.

I moved in behind her and rubbed my cock up and down over her slit.

"Fuck. It feels burning hot compared to the cool water baby," she moaned. "Don't tease me. Put it in and fuck me."

I quickly obliged, filling her and bending over her back as I thrust in and out of her. I reached around, resting my elbows on the rock and finding her nipples with my fingers. We got into a nice rhythm, not too fast, enjoying the feeling. 

Suddenly, we heard a sound and looked around. There, standing next to one of the big rocks in the open field was a young woman. She appeared to be about twenty, with long dark hair. She was wearing shorts, hiking boots, and a tank top. She was watching intently, and didn't shy away when we looked at her. She had her right hand down those shorts she was wearing, and she was obviously masturbating as she watched us. 

Without a word, I continued fucking Gretchen and the stranger continued to masturbate. She watched us and we watched her. It was like a Mexican standoff of sex. She succumbed first, letting out a loud moan as her body shook with pleasure. The sight pushed me over the edge, and I came almost immediately. I reached underneath Gretchen and used my fingers to finish her as my cock remained inside her.

Gretchen motioned for the young woman to come over. She looked around, pondered it for a bit, then shrugged and slowly walked over to where we were once again perched on the rock.

"Happy Nude Day," Gretchen greeted her.

"Oh, is that what this is?" the woman asked with a smile.

"Yup. We're actually doing this as part of a contest."

"Oh? I think I enter the wrong contests," the woman replied with a giggle. "My name is Susan, by the way."

"Gretchen. And this is my husband Chris. So, Susan. Do you always sneak up on people in the woods and masturbate?" Gretchen asked with a smile.

"Only when they're having sex. Otherwise, I just smile and say hello."

Gretchen let out a laugh. "Good answer. Do you hike here often? We've been coming here for years, but almost never see anyone on this trail during the week."

"That's what I like about it," Susan replied. "I come here to get away from crowds. I like the seclusion. Of course, I'm not complaining today."

"I bet you're not," I interjected, feeling a little left out.

"Would you like a bagel, Susan?" Gretchen asked.

"I'd better not. I...you guys are kinda hot. More than kinda hot. If I don't get out of here soon, I'll be tempted to do something I might regret later."

My cock started to stiffen as I looked at this young woman struggling with her decision. To be truthful, I was hoping that Gretchen would give her a nudge to stay. If it was going to happen, it would be much better if it was her suggesting it than me. To my dismay, Gretchen just nodded in understanding.

"Would you do us a favor and take a picture or two with us," she asked. "I want to document this for our contest."

"Sure," said Susan with a smile.

I positioned the camera on the rock, set the timer, and then scurried over to get in the frame before the camera captured the image. We took a few pictures just to make sure, then set the camera aside. Susan took a long, hungry look at Gretchen's body, then did the same to mine.

"Well, I'd better get going. My boyfriend is going to have a lunchtime to remember, but he'll never know why." She let out a nervous giggle, and slowly headed down the trail, looking over her shoulder at us and waving. Clearly, she was hoping for an invitation that didn't come. I silently cursed Gretchen, and she knew it.

"I'd tell you to keep it in your pants, big boy, but you aren't wearing any," she joked. "I thought about it, Chris, but I don't know if I'm ready for that. Maybe, if I had a few glasses of wine in me."

"Whatever are you talking about, love?" 

"Yeah, right Chris. Nice try," Gretchen giggled.

We sat on the blanket and ate breakfast, then packed up and took a long hike down the trail. We took pictures along the way, and after a few hours we circled back and took a last dip in the pond before returning to our car. I was about to get into the driver seat when I noticed a scrap of paper under the windshield wiper. I looked at it and smiled:

Susan I couldn't help myself! 631-555-1623

I smiled and handed the scrap to Gretchen. She looked at it and smiled.

"I'll hold onto this for now, Chris. You never know. You've got a birthday coming up," she said with an evil smile.

We got into the Jimmy and pulled out of the park, headed back to the interstate. We only had to travel two exits, and this time we didn't encounter any trucker friends along the way. We were both hungry, so we decided to hit a Wendy's drive through for lunch. I pulled to the menu board and placed our order, then drove up to the first window as instructed.

The cashier could see that I was shirtless, but couldn't see anything else. I handed her my credit card and she handed it back, leaning down a little. It was then that she caught a glimpse of Gretchen, and she nearly dropped the card out the window. At that moment, Gretchen snapped a photo, perfectly capturing the expression on her face. We laughed as I pulled up to the next window to receive the bags of food. 

Suddenly, there were four or five pimply faced teens bunched up at the window, fighting over the space that would allow them to see the naked customers on their drive through line. One leaned out way too far as he handed me the bag of food, nearly falling out in the process.

"Happy Nude Day," Gretchen called out to them as we pulled away. We could hear the adolescent snickering as we drove off.

I'd decided we would spend the afternoon at our local beach, which had a nude section. Perhaps it was cheating a little, but I didn't have a problem with it. We'd already had quite an adventure, and I was sure we had this contest sewn up. We ate in the car on the way, and arrived at the beach around one in the afternoon.

Once again, we grabbed the blanket and cooler, but also took an umbrella, two beach chairs, towels, and some sunscreen. The beach was mostly empty, and we walked down to the far end and set up camp. Gretchen stretched out on her tummy on the blanket and asked me to apply sunscreen to her back.

I knelt beside her and opened the cooler, taking the sunscreen out. The bottle was cold, and Gretchen shivered as I squeezed the bottle and drew a line down one side of her back, starting from the top and going all the way to the bottom of her ass cheek. I switched to the other side, and ran a line back up again. I used my hands to spread the cream and rub it in, starting on her shoulders and slowly working my way down. By the time I was working the sunscreen onto her ass cheeks, Gretchen was breathing hard and squirming.

I added a line to the back of each of her legs, and started at the bottom and worked my way up one, then the other leg. As I neared the top of her thighs, I made sure my hand lightly brushed her pussy, causing her to gasp. I glanced around and saw that the nearest people were a good fifty yards away, so I became more serious. Reaching between her legs, I slipped my thumb inside her and brought my fingers around underneath the top of her bush. It took a little doing until I managed to position my hand so that my thumb was deep inside her and my fingers could toy with her clit.

"Fuck, Chris. We're gonna get caught," she muttered as she looked down at the populated end of the beach.

"Hush. No one is paying any attention to us. I'm going to make you cum out here in public. If you're worried about it, you'd better hurry then," I said with a smile.

"You're fucking crazy. You...Ummmm."

Gretchen stopped talking and just went with it. I could tell she was struggling to keep her body reasonably still, not wanting to be obvious. She was having a difficult time of it. As her orgasm neared, she stopped trying so hard, squirming and grinding against my hand until her body shook as she came. She was biting her lip in an attempt to keep quiet, and did an admirable job, I thought. 

I'd had my back to the populated end of the beach, and my cock was fully erect at this point. Gretchen sat up to say something and gasped. There was another couple sitting on the other side of us, and they had obviously watched the entire show. The man clapped lightly and smiled when we looked at him, and his partner was laughing loudly. They appeared to be in their late forties or so, and were quite amused by our predicament.

"That's quite an interesting sunscreen application technique you have there, partner," the man said with a Texas drawl. 

"Doesn't he though?" quipped the woman. 

"I told you we were going to get caught," said Gretchen as she slapped my arm. "How embarrassing!"

"Don't you fret, little darlin," the man replied. "We don't mean nothin' by it."

"Sorry. We thought we were alone down here," I said.
