 I took my time showering, feeling the hot water slowly rinse his seed from every orifice of my body. I stepped out of the shower feeling lighter, having washed innumerable ounces of semen from my hair. I borrowed a gigantic towel and figured I could safely assume it was Mike's. I dried off most of the water and stepped out onto a filthy floor mat. The mirror wasn't fogged up, so I had a good view of my own naked body. I stared for a while.

I'd always been tiny as a kid. I was bone thin and pretty short until I was about sixteen. Then I grow some curves and shot up. I grew to five seven, my adult height, before finishing high school. That's kinda tall for a girl, so a lot of the guys in my final year had become dissatisfyingly short by comparison. I remember the only reason why I'd chosen Jason Ryan to lose my virginity to was because he was taller than me and interested. I suppose that had left an imprint on me from that point onward: always looking for a big man to make me feel small again, like a kid.

And I'd found one hell of a big man in Mike. Six foot eight, over seven hundred and fifty pounds. Dear god, had I lucked out. The biggest man I'd ever been with was half his size. I looked forward to doing a lot more with him than just getting a facial.

I opened the bathroom door, with his huge towel wrapped several times around my slender body. It covered me from the armpits down past the knee. I'd removed my make-up and my hair was wet and slicked back. I knew that I'd look totally different to Mike now, compared to how he'd seen me earlier in full makeup and my tight red dress.

Mike turned to look me over and looked panicked. He licked his thick lips and swallowed.

"Hey, uh...Felicia."

Before I could respond I realized that we weren't alone. Aron had gotten home early, it seemed. He turned to me with a bit of a smirk and waved.

"Hello."

I wasn't bothered by it, as it wasn't the first time I'd been caught in immediate post-sex circumstances. I responded with a bob of my head and a finger gun.

"Yo."

Mike was the only one who seemed nervous. I guess meeting a girl, drowning her in cum, losing your virginity, and getting caught by your roommate all in the span of a couple hours was a bit much for a guy.

"Are you uh...are you okay?"

I just leaned against the frame of the bathroom, cool as a cucumber. Even if I'd been buck naked I wouldn't have been particularly bothered, but Mike's giant towel covered me more than my dress had, so all was well.

"Yeah, I'm fine. You alright?"

"Uhh...yeah. Hey Aron, can you give us a minute?"

Aron seemed pretty amused but began to leave obediently. I stopped him.

"No, it's fine. Don't go. It's getting late so I'll take off. I'll call you later, if it's alright."

"Uh...al-alright."

I walked out to where the two of them stood, barefoot and fresh faced. "Can I see your phone for a second? I'll put my number in it."

Mike looked a bit baffled, like he had no grounds for the protocol of what was supposed to be happening.

"Uh, sure. Here."

I could almost feel Aron and Mike's eyes darting back and forth while I entered my info into his phone.

"Does my face look okay without makeup?" I asked with a smirk.

"Uh, yeah. Of course. You look, different, but beautiful, of course." I was kinda joking with him but there was a point there, nonetheless.

"Well that's good. I don't normally wear makeup and heels and all that, so this is what I usually look like." I texted myself and then handed him his phone back.

"One more thing...can I borrow some clothes? My dress is kind of...damp."

Mike's face flushed red. "Uh...shit, yeah. Sure." He headed to his room to look for something.

"Just a hoody's fine."

I stood there alone with Aron while we waited. He was an average, unremarkable looking guy, and had the biggest smirk on his face.

"So how long have you and Mike known each other?"

"About two hours."

Aron's smirk increased while we waited in silence. Mike was quick to return with a few options.

"I've got a hoody, if that's what you want, but you can take anything you like."

"Hoody's great." I took the big black top and put it over my head, and then pulled his towel out from underneath. His size was so big that it came down to just above my knees like a dress. I grabbed two handfuls of cloth on one side and made a knot at the mid thigh, making it slightly more fashionable. Now wearing nothing but his big heavy Evangelion hoody on my bare skin, I collected my things and readied to go.

"Are you sure you'll be okay getting home? I can call you a cab."

"No no, it's all good. But I'll call you later. Thanks for having me over. I really wanna see you again. And thanks for the hoody. You'll have to come to my place to get it back."

I smiled and opened my arms, and Mike graciously reciprocated with a big smothering hug. His burly arms wrapped around me and pulled me into his huge belly and chest. I didn't hesitate to rub my cheek into his voluptuous sternum and take a deep inhalation of his scent.

"Mmm...thanks. I'll call you. Thanks, Mike."

Mike said goodbye but lingered at the door. It seemed he didn't quite want to say goodbye, which made me overjoyed. I didn't even get on a bus on the way home. I just wore his giant hoody, which indeed did turn out to be XXXXL, and enjoyed the walk home to clear my head.

The guys I'd met that really satisfied my desire for size were few and far between. I'd only had sex with five guys. The first two had been awkward and completely unsatisfying, and the next two had been one night stands or weekend flings with dudes who didn't give a shit about me. The last had been my only real relationship, and even then it had been a bit fake and forced.

Mike just blew me away and I practically tingled with excitement to see what would happen between us. As I walked home I realized that the hoody had his scent. I took big whiffs of it as I walked home in the evening light.

I woke up on Sunday morning and smiled face down into my pillow. I'd walked home practically naked yesterday evening, save for Mike's huge hoody. I'd laid in bed, sniffed the musk from his clothing, thought about his huge perfect body, and stroked my clit. Just remembering that monster load bursting onto my face had been enough to get me off again in bed.

I'd called him before it got too late and just checked in to see how he was doing. I'd hoped that I hadn't been too pushy with him. Over the phone he'd returned to his somewhat defensive manner of speaking, but nonetheless he'd said how glad he was to have met me. I asked if we could meet again the next day, and he'd quickly agreed.

The morning having come, I giggled with excitement as I showered and cleaned up.

My apartment was a pretty small bachelor, but I'd fancied it up and made it space-efficient. I had a queen bed, an open kitchen in one corner, and a cozy little bathroom. I lived about an hour walk from where Mike lived.

It was about two when Mike came over. I'd been nervous about asking him to leave his neck of the woods, but I'd asked really nice and used peach and kitten emojis to motivate him. He said he hadn't minded bussing down. Luckily for me, the comic book shop was closed on Sundays.

When he buzzed at my door I nearly jumped with excitement. Thankfully, our elevator was working since I lived on the third floor. I heard his big heavy footsteps coming down the hall before he could even reach my door. My heart started beating faster just as I opened the door to greet him.

Mike wore a dark red sweater that was somehow huge enough to look slightly baggy on him. Below he had sweatpants on, like the day before, although they were a touch nicer and free of food stains. His black framed glasses matched his dark hair and black beard; the beard seemed to have been actually groomed so it looked slightly less of a forest than the day prior. He even wore a nicer pair of shoes.

Despite these slight improvements, Mike still had the frowny, sulky expression that he'd had when I first met him. Despite the fact that I'd sucked his cock and told him he was perfection, he still seemed to have a defensive insecurity lingering around him.

"Hey." I smiled big to try to put him at ease.

"Hi big man. Thanks for coming."

"Yeah, for sure."

"Please, do come in." I spoke with a touch of sarcasm, not sure how to be the aggressive one with tact.

Usually I could afford to be passive and wait for guys to make the moves. With Mike I figured I needed to force things myself. When he entered my apartment the whole room suddenly seemed to shrink. We made pointless small talk for a bit before I started to get forceful.

"So...I was thinking we could go for a little walk. Just down the street to grab some food. Maybe have a few drinks if you feel like it. Then come back and uh...hang out in my bed?"

I made a cutesy face and hoped he wouldn't balk. He just kinda smirked and shrugged his burly shoulders.

"Hey...I won't argue."

"Great. Uh...one thing before we go though..."

"Yeah..."

"Would it be alright if I...had another taste of that big dick first?"

Mike looked down and smirked a bit. "Yeah...if that's what you want." I looked down to at his big belly and thighs.

"It is. If I'm not asking too much. It's just...I was up all night thinking about you. If I don't get it out of my system first, then I won't be able to think clearly when we're out."

Mike conceded, and slowly started pull down his pants in front while I lowered down to my knees and looked up at him.

"Where? Right here?"

"Yes please. Just lean back and I'll do the rest."

Mike obliged me and pressed his huge back against my door. I sat on my heels right in front of him. He towered over me, his big belly blocking out my view of his face. I pulled his sweatpants down just a little; I could tell he was shy enough that he didn't want to strip completely, so I only revealed the minimum amount of naked flesh.

A little bit of his belly was revealed, and I licked my lips at the sight of it. He did me a big favour by grabbing two handfuls of belly fat and hefting it up. As soon as his furry paunch was revealed, I reached in and found his cock.

Just beginning to squeeze and stroke his limp dick, I found him clamming up a bit.

"So, I hope I did a good job yesterday. You kind of caught me off guard with all that cum, so I think I can do better today."

"Sure...yeah." His big deep disembodied voice came from up above but I was staring into the dark cave of his furry paunch. I started to get just a touch of his manly smell as I moved closer to his cock. I licked my lips as I drew near and took a deep breath. As I exhaled, I pushed out a hot breath on his dick, just taunting him with the slightest moisture of my breath before I actually put my tongue on him.

Not only was Mike's cock big and fat, he was uncircumcised, so there was a thick sheath of hairy foreskin to play with. The head of his penis started to swell just slightly under the hood. Before it could sprout from its armor, I planted a kiss on the covered head and then let the tip of my tongue graze his hole.

"Ohh, shit..." His deep voice revealed a perk of pleasure as I started swirling my tongue around the nub peeking out. The tip of my tongue circled slowly around the plump head of his dick, at first just grazing the surface but soon delving under the heavy hood of his foreskin. "Ohh...Jesus Christ..."

I gave his dick a wet kiss and felt the resistance of his swelling cock against my lips.

"Am I doing a good job, daddy?" I broke contact to look up at him. He didn't look down at me, but he responded as I'd hoped.

"Yeah, good...good girl."

His bassy words or approval caused me to return to my task with glee. I leaned back in and planted my lips on what was now a swollen penis head. It had emerged from its sheath and filled my mouth. As I started to bob my head back and forth over his cock, I felt the resistance of his thick foreskin give way, and more and more shaft swell up and slide deeper along my tongue.

I tasted the tang of sweat and I savoured his musky taste. I wasn't sure if I actually liked it or not, but I knew that I loved the idea of liking his sweat, so I felt no challenge from the smell and taste of his crotch. It urged me on.

Mike voiced his pleasure with small moans while I started to take in more and more of his cock. I continued to bob my head in further until I met the wall of his underbelly. His sweatpants were pulled down only far enough to reveal his crotch and nothing more, so I couldn't exactly move any farther underneath him. I had to just tilt my head diagonally and press my cheeks into his furry flesh. I even reached my hands up and pressed into the wealth of his heavy paunch, making it a bit easier on my neck to take more of his cock into my throat.

Now with both his hands and mine supporting his belly, I really started to force my mouth down the length of his shaft. With each eager bob of my head, my cheeks were pressing into the coarse forest of his pubic hair. I only had a little bit of light from between his thighs and under his belly, and everything went dark each time the fat head of his cock forced my uvula aside.

"Ohhh fuck, Felicia..." I loved it.

I don't want to say sucking Mike's cock was easy, but I felt I was handling his big tool quite well. I'd always loved the idea of deepthroating a big cock, so I suppose I'd had some additional motivation once I actually met a guy who had a sizeable dick. That had only turned out to be a quick fling, so my experience was short lived, but I like to think that I'm pretty damn good at it. It's not like I'm completely without a gag reflex, but I would say I have it under control.

And I needed that control once Mike's big cock started plunging deeper and deeper into my throat. Mike was groaning and panting, and I was completely engulfed by the darkness of his underbelly. I mashed my face almost desperately to reach the base of his cock with my lips. I couldn't get quite deep enough, and the head of his penis was already plowing into my pharynx. I was huffing air through my nose and forcing myself not to gag.

"Holy shit, I'm gonna come." I could almost hear the sweat rolling down Mike's neck by the tone of his voice, and I could certainly feel it moistening my cheeks. "Do...do you want me to pull out?"

The idea of wasting all that bull spunk was so offensive to me, so I had to react.

I reach up with one hand and grabbed one of his big furry wrists. It took all my available strength in that ridiculous position, but I pulled his hand down and placed it on the back of my head. I held his big hand there for a second while I continued to bob my head furiously on his cock. Luckily, Mike got the message.

"Oh, Jesus..."

He planted his fingers around the back of my skull with one hand, and then the other. The weight of his huge belly sunk down and smothered me like an avalanche, but that was nothing compared to the force of his powerful arms mashing my face into his pelvis. The full length of his thick cock plunged deeper than ever into my throat. As his big python completely filled me, I felt in that brief moment like a glove being slid over a fist. Or maybe a condom would be a better metaphor.

My eyes watered and I absolutely gagged. My nose and cheeks almost felt crushed by his bulk. Mike's sweaty excitement had reached its fever pitch though, so I didn't need to endure that crushing, choking intensity for long.

"Ohhhhh!"

Mike's deep voice roared while he blew like a Hawaiian volcano. Once again, his hot spunk gushed into me and I was filled like a Boston cream donut. His strong grip released only for a second before clutching my head tightly and busting a second nut. The warmth and the weight of his seed spilling down my esophagus was both painful and ecstatic. It made me feel so thrilled, so controlled, and so satisfied. I fucking loved it.

As Mike's syrup drained from his cock, so did the strength drain from his hands. He released me and I slid back from his groin and fell back on my tush. I coughed and gagged, although luckily I'd gotten all of it that time; not a drop of his semen had been wasted. With a forearm wiping my mouth, I looked up at him.

"Shit...sorry, Felicia..." Of course Mike was red-faced and panting. He had that worried, sweaty look as he remained leaning back against my apartment door. I recovered slightly from the force of his cock bashing my uvula and regained a little bit of composure.

"Don't apologize." My voice was hoarse, so I was choice with my words. "Tasty."

I leaned back with my hands on the floor and arms stretched out behind me, enjoying the view of Mike towering over me once again. He quickly pulled his pants up and regained his breath. I just tried to look cute and satisfied to put him at ease.

"Shit, I shouldn't have grabbed you like that. Are you alright? I wasn't trying to...force you or anything."

I still couldn't quite talk so I just extended one index finger and waved it left and right.

I got up and swallowed again, hard and painfully. He'd really done a number on me. I signaled for him to wait a minute while I grabbed some water. I quickly cleaned myself up in the bathroom and returned to him looked flustered.

I pressed my chest right into his belly and planted my hands on his big broad chest. He kind of just held his arms in free space around me, not knowing whether to hug me or not.

"Mike...that was amazing. Thanks."

I looked up at him and smiled big, long enough for his frown to soften and a frail smirk to appear on his face. He nodded along, seemingly put at ease.

"Yeah. Yeah, thank you, too."

I gave my throat a rest and simply led him out by the wrist, locking my apartment door behind me.