 Mike and I stood in the elevator in silence. My throat was still tender from bearing the oppressive girth of his cock and choking on the abundant hot spunk he'd dumped into me. He didn't seem compelled to talk either. I just enjoyed how cramped the elevator was with only the two of us in it. As the door opened on the ground floor, Mike had to duck his head to exit. I stared at his broad back with a giddy smile while I followed him through my apartment lobby.

Mike wore his dark red sweater and grey sweats. I wore a pair of loose khakis that rode up for an ankle reveal, and a light yet snug, white top with a loose forest green cardigan overtop. I liked the way my blonde hair looked on the darker green. Then I wore my black sandals while Mike wore his huge runners. I could only imagine what size they were.

It was a nice warm day as we walked down to the pub nearby my place. I'd met Mike in his own environment and then been to his apartment, so I was curious to see how comfortable he would be in a more public space. I hoped he wouldn't feel awkward.

"Hungry?" I asked.

"Uhh...I don't know. If you feel like it, I could eat."

I took that as a yes from a bashful fat guy who didn't want to appear too hungry.

"How about you?" I snickered a bit at his question.

"Well...I was." It took a second, but Mike chuckled along with me.

"So, you really like being under my belly like that? Yesterday I thought you were gonna suffocate but fuck, it just felt so good. And then today...you're...really good at that. Like, really, really good." I giggled some more, absolutely loving him talk about me like that.

"Why thank you. Yeah, you might not think that's what girls like but...well, that's what I like. A big guy like you...leaning back and letting me worship your cock and balls. That's so hot. I love it."

Mike smiled big but didn't say anything. He continued to waddle along in his fat guy walk, his big belly swaying from side to side.

"So...you know your genitals are huge, right? I mean, I've seen a couple big dicks before but nothing like you. And those balls...you've got the testicles of a god." He seemed to groan in embarrassment.

"I, uh...thanks. I guess I don't really think about it. Kind of...out of sight, out of mind."

We'd only been walking for a few minutes, but Mike was already starting to huff and puff.

"So yesterday...um...how long had it been? Since you last...had some release? Cause that was more fluid than I thought a human being could produce."

"Ehh...yeah. It's been...I don't know. A while. A couple years, I guess."

I was kind of in awe. The thought of his balls building up and swelling with all that hot spunk, cooking in the heat under his big belly like a couple jumbo grenades waiting to go off. I'm glad I didn't drown.

"Man, I couldn't wait years. I can't even wait months. I need it way more often than that."

"Oh...yeah?"

We arrived at the Bunker, which is one of my favourite places to go. I worked there part-time for a bit. It's a real non-descript looking place that has simple bench seating and a surprisingly good bar. It's connected to a nicer restaurant above it, but it's chill, cozy, and unintimidating. And close to my apartment, which I was glad for; Mike was sweating from the walk and his big cheeks were flushed.

Big Mike ducked his head as he followed me in and I led him to the closest wooden bench. Once again, his huge presence seemed to shrink the room as a couple patrons turned to glare at his size. He parked his big self down at one corner of the bench, one thigh resting beneath the table top and the other splayed diagonally to allow room for his tremendous waist.

I quickly skipped over to the bar to grab a couple menus from beside the POS. Carter, the day guy, gave me a quick nod before his attention shifted to Mike.

"Oh, he's with me," I announced with a smile. Carter responded with a stiff, blank, and disinterested smile of his own.

"Aalllright."

I returned to Mike with a couple glasses of ice water for us. There were a few other tables present but I didn't pay attention to any of them. My focus was committed to Mike, who looked down at me from the opposite side of our bench table.

"What do you drink, big man?"

I handed Mike a drink list and we drifted into some simple conversation. We talked about beer and bars. I asked him if he'd ever been a bouncer and he snorted a rejection. He perused the beer list and I sensed some slight disdain.

I'd picked the Bunker because I wanted a place that was down to earth to put him at ease, though it seemed that Mike was still a bit prickly. I realized right away that I shouldn't have been surprised; it had only been twenty four hours since we'd met. I knew I would have to soothe this bristling beast to calm, and I hoped alcohol would help me.

I skipped over to the POS and started punching in an order for Mike and me.

"Your number is still 36, right?" Carter's hands were full, so I did him a favour and rang in my own order.

"Must I remind you that you don't work here anymore?"

"Carterrrrrr...you love me. Don't worry."

"I don't recall ever saying that."

Carter marched off to table sixteen with three plates in hand while I sashayed my way back to Mike.

"So...here we are." I crossed my fingers and leaned my elbows into the table. It put me a little bit lower relative to him so that I could look up more at his mountainous frame. He was at least double the width of your typical two hundred pound man, if not triple. "What shall we discuss?"

Mike shrugged as we crawled into some banal conversation. It was a bit weird after I'd sucked his cock twice and we were only just going on our first date, kind of breaking the ice for the first time.

"Siblings? Family?"

"Uh, yeah, I've got two sisters, and my mum and dad. They're all here in town."

"Are you the oldest?"

"No. Middle. I've got a big and a little sister. And an older brother too, but he's not in the picture. Half brother from before my parents got together. I don't really know him. Uh...what about you?"

"Only child, parents not around much, desperate for attention." I smiled big while Mike maintained his cautious frown. "I'm saving you some cheap psychoanalysis." He nodded.

"Well, I guess a shortcut is good, since we did everything else quickly." Mike smirked a bit, but it seemed a bit forced. "So, do you uh...do this often?"

That was when Carter brought out our drinks. It was a convenient little interjection to him questioning how much of a slut I was.

Carter put down my Mojito and Mike's beer. I saw him give Mike a curious stare before he met eyes with me. Carter knew the kind of guys I liked, so he was aware of what a score I'd found. Mike ignored Carter altogether.

"Thaaaanks, Carter."

Carter left us to our momentary silence as I tried to pick up from where we'd left off. Mike's question had been pretty benign, but I knew what he wanted to say. He wanted to know if I sucked the cock of every single guy I ran in to. Fair enough. I didn't know how to respond though.

"Uh...cheers." We clinked glasses and I stared down at the table as I sipped.

Mike took a big swig and drained a third of his glass in a second. Just the act of him drinking aroused me. I enjoyed the sight of the big beer glass looking tiny in his hand and the sound of his heavy gulp and the satisfied breath afterwards. It was a nice distraction for a few seconds until I needed to answer his question.

"Yeah, so..." I hesitated, speaking only with my hands instead of words. I figured I might as well just come out and say it. "Do you wanna know how many guys I've had sex with?"

Mike showed some surprise on his face and shrugged a bit. 

"Well...I mean...you don't have to tell me if you don't want to."

We stared awkwardly.

"But you're curious right? You're suspicious...and rightly so...and it would put you at ease if I told you, right?" Mike looked around, slightly flustered.

"Well...I mean...I know you said that you're into me...because I'm big and all, but...it still seems a little weird to me. That you'd meet me and put out so quickly. I mean...it's hard to think I'm so special-"

"Six! You and five comparatively inferior men. But six in total. So...what do you think?"

Mike smirked and kind of chuckled to himself. He took another swig of his glass and reduced its contents by a third again.

"Well...that's...less than I thought."

"Yeah, you thought I was a big time slut, right? That's fair."

Mike's smirk turned into a full smile, and the sight of it made me curl back in my chair in delight. I'd already pleasured him sexually, but the sights of making him laugh and putting him at ease were almost just as satisfying to me. I imagined a big long checklist of his pleasures that I was yet to discover. One by one, I wanted to check them off and make him more and more comfortable with me.

"Well, yeah. Honestly...a girl like you, looking the way you look...I figured you must have all these good looking guys all over you. Asking you out and buying you drinks..."

I smirked and shrugged. He wasn't wrong.

"I get hit on...by men...some of which are conventionally attractive. But they're not my type. I never get hit on by my type. It's literally never happened."

"Well...if your type is seven hundred pound guys then I guess your choices are pretty slim. Are the other guys you dated big like me?"

Mike drained his glass and I was granted the sound of him gulping loudly.

"I wish. Not even. I've never met a man like you before." I looked him in the eye and smiled when I said that, just to try and let the fact sink in. Mike looked down in a cute, bashful way, and I discreetly signalled to Carter to bring another beer.

"The first couple guys I was with weren't even my type. I guess I needed to figure out what that even meant. But then I met a guy...he was older, bigger, probably three or four hundred pounds, and strong. He worked with his hands so he had these big hairy mitts. Kinda like these..."

I reached out and touched one of Mike's hands. It was huge. His palms were broad and his fingers were thick like sausages. I squeezed, just a little bit, into the thick meat of his thumb.

"Hands like these?"

Mike turned his palm over and covered my hand with his. His huge palm completely engulfed my wrist, which looked like a twig by comparison. My eyes darted up to his and he was staring down at me. His grip and his gaze sent a wave over me. A wave of what, I wasn't exactly sure. It was pleasure, fear, awe, and I could feel myself reddening because of it. I didn't even smile for a few seconds; I just froze and stared back down at his big hand.

Dark hair covered the back of his hands, his knuckles, and even each segment of his fingers. The coarse hair increased in volume as it travelled up his wrist. His long sleeved red sweater ended my view just past the wrist, so I was left to wonder how thick that body hair would be as it ran up his arm, to his shoulders, his chest. I really wanted to know.

Carter appeared at our table and dropped off Mike's second beer. It broke our moment and Mike's grip from my wrist.

"Um...yeah. What was I saying?"

Mike looked at me with his typical neutral glare. I wasn't sure if he was aware of how flustered he'd made me.

"You met a guy...worked with his hands..."

"Yeah, yeah...and uh...he was, uh...he was hot. But um...you're better." Then he smirked.

"Are you okay?"

"Oh, I'm fine. I think I might've just mini-orgasmed right there."

Mike snickered and looked around the room, as if conscious of who was listening.

"Jeez...well...you're welcome." He took another big gulp and half of his second beer was gone.

I was really in awe of him. He was so big. He took up so much space. He could drink so much, so quickly. His hands were so big and strong. And so hairy. I wanted to see more of his body and feel more of his strength.

I blew out a sharp breath.

"Well...can I be honest?" Mike laughed.

"I feel like you can't help but do that."

"Why thank you. I...would love to sit here and chat more, but you have thoroughly aroused me, and I really want to be back at my apartment with you right now. Do you wanna finish up and head back?"

Mike pounded his beer in a second and nodded.

"Sure."

His resistance was decreasing bit by bit and it intrigued me. It had only been twenty four hours. I wondered what he would be like in a week.

I scampered over to the POS and started ringing up my bill. I was swiping my card while Carter swooped in at my side.

"Excuse me. What are you doing? Do not mess up my cash."

"Carterrrr...I'm doing the work for you. And I'm tipping you so well. Look! 25 percent!""

"I'm changing my login number as soon as you leave."

"Oh, very well. But Carter!" I leaned in to him. "I'm about to go home and get so very laid. I can't wait."

Carter looked up and glanced to Mike, waiting by the front door.

"Jesus...should I call you and ambulance now or later?" I smiled with glee.

"You can call me a hearse because I'm about to die and go to heaven."