 We walked back to my apartment and my heart was pounding when Mike closed the door behind us. The thought of his hands on me and his big cock filling me was electric. I walked into my little bachelor and kept my back to him behind me. I felt that as soon as I turned around, it would begin; I would start my little flirtatious routine and not want to stop until he completely devoured me.

I looked over my shoulder shyly, and slowly turned around to face him. He was so damn big it was unreal. Six foot eight, over seven hundred and fifty pounds. He stood with his back against my door, completely blocking the exit, just like earlier when I'd sucked him off. He probably thought I would repeat myself, but I wanted more.

I walked over to him slowly and raised my hands up to touch his big belly. I pressed my palms into the fabric of his red sweater and deeper still into the solid bulk of his firm belly fat.

"You're so solid..." I looked up, way up. He was breathing heavily with a drop of sweat running down his temple. I liked to think he was just that excited to fuck me but it was more likely the walk home in the warm sun. His scraggly beard was a big charming mess. Inside that mess were his thick lips, which he quickly licked. His broad nose and thick brows were really quite handsome.

"Yeah, well...there's some muscle under there somewhere..."

"There must be so much muscle...to carry this big body around. There must be more in just your legs than there is in my entire body. All that power..."

I started rubbing my hands in small circles against his belly, which invited his big bear paws onto my lower back.

"You want to feel some?"

He showed my just a tiny bit of that power as he pulled my torso in snug against his big broad abdomen. His fat hands cupped my little waist, and my breasts were tight against his solid wall of belly.

"Ooh yeah, big daddy. You can squeeze me all you like."

Mike didn't smile exactly, but stared down at me very placidly as his fingers slipped down over the curve of my hips and firmly groped my ass.

"Oh god..."

His grip was amazing. The size of his palms and the strength of those fingers squeezing and parting my butt cheeks was ecstasy. He kneaded my butt with his hands while I rested my cheek on his broad chest. My hands slid around his giant torso and arrived perhaps halfway around him before reaching their limit. I squeezed on to his fat, monster truck spare tires.

"Mike...you're so perfect. Your body..."

Mike didn't speak. He just slid one hand up to my lower back while the other sunk deeper between my ass cheeks. I could feel his index and middle fingers probing closer to my pussy.

"Oh shit..."

I heard him lick his lips again between the continued huff of his hot, heavy breath. I was getting wetter and wetter as he forced his middle and ring fingers deeper between my thighs. I slid my hands back from his love handles to his belly, and then up his big chest and around his neck. My fingertips grazed the coarse hair on the back of his thick bull neck.

"Mike, please...kiss me."

Mike still didn't smile. He just stared in hesitation before eventually leaning in and planting a hungry kiss from those fat lips. I closed my eyes and savoured it, only vaguely realizing that that could have been his first kiss. It made me forget about every other I'd had up until then. It was magic.

We kept kissing and Mike's big fingers kept stroking me into exhilaration. I wanted him so badly I couldn't stand it. I wanted to lick and suck on every part of him at once. I didn't know where to start.

"Oh god...I can't wait any longer..."

Our embrace broke and I took a step back, taking his whole presence in once again. He looked down at me, panting, staring, unsure of what to do. Slowly, he started pulling down his sweatpants, just enough to uncover his crotch. Given that I'd wasted no time and getting down on my knees and sucking him off twice already, he was cued to present his crotch and await my mouth.

I waited more than that though. I just had to figure out how to coax him.

I stared at his huge body and the bare, furry bulge of his underbelly. His sweats still covered those huge thighs and his red shirt covered his arms and his mammoth gut. He was clearly in no rush to expose more of his flesh than need be. I wanted his flesh though; I wanted to see it and be devoured by it.

I got down on my knees yet again and crawled before him. I enjoyed the view of looking up Mike mountain. He didn't make eye contact though, he just looked straight ahead and panted, waiting. The fat head of his dick stuck out from the girth of his heavy paunch. I reached out gently grabbed it.

"Oohh..."

Mike's deep voice sounded pleased as I slowly started to jerk him off. The thick, abundant foreskin slid back and forth along his swelling shaft. My hand needed to plunge into the sweaty depths of his paunch to cover the length of his big, girthy penis. 

His precum was already slathered across my palm, which lubricated the rest of his shaft. He held up his belly and spread his stance a bit to create at least a tiny bit more room for me, causing his flesh to wobble.

"Is this good, daddy?"

"Ohh, yeah. It's good."

I leaned in to his crotch and took a deep whiff, and then exhaled fully. The strong musk of his natural odour filled my lungs before returning back out my lips and grazing his eager genitals. My face barely an inch from his flesh, I could feel the heat from his body

"I love the way you smell...it's making me wet."

Mike simply murmured a response as I continued to slowly beat his meat.

"I wanna taste, too. Daddy...may I taste you?"

"Oh, fuck yeah. Lick it. Suck me."

His cock was at that beautiful stage of three-quarter firmness, giving me the resistance to squeeze harder with my hand. As much as I would've loved to swallow his big shaft, I didn't want to rush it. I opened my mouth planted my tongue along the mid-length of his shaft. With utter delight I slowly slid my tongue up his cock and flicked the fat head with my tongue. The salty taste of his cum entered my lips.

"Mmm...it's so good. I love it."

Mike grunted an eager approval, which turned into a prolonged bassy moan as I wormed the tip of my tongue against the mouth of his urethra. He was getting eager, even impatient.

"Alright, suck my cock."

I wanted to desperately, but I wanted something else more.

"I wanna ride this big thing, daddy."

Mike was panting heavily and I could almost hear the sweat rolling down his cheeks. He wasn't quick to respond.

"You wanna ride it? Like, on your bed?"

"Yes, daddy. Please. Can I? Can I please ride you big, thick cock?"

He finally looked down at me, probably annoyed that I was asking him to make a left turn after begging him to go a hundred.

"Oh-kay...alright."

I quickly scooted out of the way so that he could walk over to my bed. He stood over my queen and looked down at it with hesitation.

"Will this support my weight?"

"Oh, it'll be fine." He wasn't convinced.

"Are you sure...I'm really heavy."

From my seat on the ground, I suggested, practically begged him to just sit.

"Oh, fuck it. If it breaks, it breaks. I don't care about my bed. I just want your cock in me."

Mike hesitated still, but didn't argue further.

"Alright." He slowly began to squat, those huge hips beginning their descent towards my bed.

"You could take those pants off...if it'll be more comfortable."

The sight of his bare legs was a treasure I was lusting after, but again, I seemed to annoy him.

"Umm...my pants?"

"Yeah. You could take them off before you sit down. So they won't get stained after you blow that big load in me."

Mike stood there in mid squat, his thick brow furrowed in thought.

"Um...let's just do it like this."

"Oh, okay. Sure."

I wanted desperately to see more of him, but I could tell he was still bashful. And he was eager to spill as well, so I didn't want to ask too much out of him..

He finally sat, causing the wooden planks of my bed to cry out in pain. Mike looked a bit scared, as though the frame were about to completely give out beneath his majesty. Luckily, nothing cracked too loudly

As he sat, his mammoth belly completely smothered his cock, but he soon leaned back provide me access. My bed creaked again as more of his weight bent its frame. Mike was still almost fully clothed, with only his underbelly revealed, and the lowest few inches of his giant upper belly. From what I could see, his belly was as hairy as a baboon's. I whipped my pants off and hopped up to join him, grabbing handfuls of the coarse black hair.

"Oh, god yes..." My hands pressed into the bulk of his belly. It was actually surprisingly firm, but there was enough softness to swallow my small hands. I wanted to pull his shirt off and reveal the rest of the mountain, but I didn't want to tempt fate at the moment. I still had his cock staring up at me, which acquired urgent attention.

My hands slid down over his paunch and I pushed down to expose more length of his big shaft. Slick and glistening with his precum, I greedily planted my lips around the head and took a few inches worth of meat into my mouth. Mike grunted in angry pleasure while I slurped and swallowed the base coating of seminal fluid.

I gave him a quick suck while my hands cupped and caressed those huge testicles. There was so much foreskin to play with, it was like groping a fuzzy leather bag with two grapefruits inside.

Mike's cock was slick with semen and saliva, and I was already thoroughly lubricated. I couldn't wait any longer. I climbed over one of his huge thighs and mounted his underbelly. I felt the head his dick graze my labia, and I used one hand to guide him inside of me. Just as I questioned whether I could withstand his tremendous size, just as the plump mushroom began to part my aching lips, Mike's big hand squeezed my thigh.

"Wait...do you have a condom?"

I froze, now panting myself.

"A...condom. I...I'm on birth control."

He looked at me over the slope of his big belly.

"You don't have any?"

I could tell his mind was entertaining all sorts of thoughts, and I couldn't blame him. I hated his timing, but I didn't dare choose that point to argue with him.

"Yeah, yeah, I think I do."

Our genitals parted, after that brief flirtation, and I quickly opened my bedside drawers. Rummaging through underwear, I found an open box with two condoms left. Frankly, they weren't Mike-sized, but I figured they would suffice. After what seemed to be an eternity of trying to open the wrapper with my slippery fingertips, I found some scissors and clipped the edge.

I returned to my spot between his giant thighs and found his flaccid cock to be at half mast. He had lost some wood, so I thought a little encouraging speech was in order.

"Oh, god, this big cock...this is the biggest, fattest penis I've ever seen. I'm not sure my pussy can even handle this big thing."

I started jerking him off again, this time plunging my wrist into the abyss of his underbelly to reach closer to the base.

"You're gonna make me a slave to your cock, Mike. I might not be able to walk tomorrow..."

I held the condom against the head of his penis and turned my lips to the furry foreskin of his scrotum. I licked and slurped and played with it in my mouth. Once the head of his penis swelled up with a big more resistance, I began to slide the yellow condom over it.

"This'll be a tight fit. You're just so huge..."

Slowly, the condom yielded to his big tool, and about half the length of his shaft was covered and banana flavoured. My ex boyfriend had given them to me; not my idea.

Mike's big banana was now peeled and ready for a little horny monkey to swallow it up. I eagerly positioned myself and finally got to feel the head of his penis barge its way into my body. I felt his size fill me as I slowly lowered my hips down around him.

"Oh god..."

"Fuck..."

I'd taken about a third of his cock into me and it was already beyond what I'd ever felt from a man before. The circumference of his dick gave my pussy lips a gentle stretch, and the fullness of his shaft made me feel both pleasured and afraid at the same time.

I like my hips sink further and pushed another few inches into me.

"Hhhoooohhh god..."

About half of Mike's cock was all I could take, both because of my own physical limitations and because Mike's paunch was like a furry, flabby shield that protected the base of his cock. My palms sunk into it as my weight pressed into his underbelly.

From there I started to bounce, feeling his banana coated cock thrust inside and fill my. I'd ridden cowgirl before but never with such a big stallion. Mike's body was perfect for it: a huge cock and an ocean like belly to surf on.

"Oh shit, Felicia, this is good." I was panting as I responded.

"Yeah, you like this pussy, tight on your big cock."

"Fuck yeah Felic-"

A huge crack finally broke my bedframe's will and the two of us collapsed along with my mattress in a stubborn descent to the floor. Mike slammed into the floorboard, his massive body crushing and splintering the broken boards of Mike's cock slipped out of me and I landed on his big belly.

"Fuck!" Mike shouted while I rode the wobble of his body.

"Oh, shit, Mike. Are you okay?" I crawled off of him while he groaned in pain. "Oh my god, Mike..."

"Fuck...I'm alright. Fuck!"

I stared to realize that he was embarrassed more than hurt. My instinct was to laugh and try to diffuse the tension, but I didn't dare. A man of his size, finally feeling a woman's pussy on his dick, only to crush the very bed beneath him and come crashing to the ground; his anger and embarrassment was justified.

"Hey, hey...it's fine. Chill. As long as you're not hurt, then just...don't worry about it."

Mike didn't speak for a while, which scared me. He just huffed and lay there on the floor, still clothed, except for his furry crotch and yellow covered dick. After a minute or so, he shook his head.

"God damn it...I'm so fucking fat."

"It's my fault Mike. You knew the bed wasn't strong enough. I pushed you. That's just...how bad I want you. I wanna fuck you so bad that I didn't care."

Mike pushed out a heavy breath.

"Why though? Why are you so interested in me? You need some slob to feel better about yourself or something?"

I knelt by his side, a little stunned. "Wow, that got deep quickly."

"I just...I can't...I still don't get why you're into me. It doesn't feel right..."

Then we both shut up for a while. I didn't know how to pivot, so I just knelt next to him and listened to his heavy breathing, watching his big chest rise and fall.

"Well...I guess we can take this off..." I removed the condom from Mike's now flaccid cock, surprised at how he'd been able to shoot his load after only two or three thrusts.

"Sorry, Felicia...that we didn't...get to finish."

"Well, you did at least." I jiggled the yellow condom and watched the abundant fluid slosh around inside.

"Yeah, I wish. I wasn't even close."

I raised an eyebrow at his words, and was once again awed by what an utter beast Mike was; he'd been able to fill half a condom with just precum. I realized I really would need some XLs if he wanted to play it safe. I walked to the bathroom to dump the condom while Mike slowly got to his feet. Before I trashed it, I dumped the contents in my toilet bowl, just to hear his spunk sploosh in the water.

Mike had pulled his pants up and was looking particularly grumbly and bashful.

"Sorry again about the bed. I'll help you clean it up."

"No no, it's fine. I uh...I know a guy with a van. He'll help me haul it away. And I'll sleep at my parent's place tonight."

"Oh...okay. Well...I guess I'll just...get going. This has been fun, Felicia. Thanks for uh...giving me a chance. Sorry it didn't work out."

Mike lumbered over to the door while I put a hand on my naked hip and presented my best what-the-fuck face.

"Are you crazy?" Mike reached the doorknob and looked back at me. "This isn't over."

Mike looked down at his feet and harumphed in full sulk.

"Felicia...you don't have to-"

"Nananananah, let me explain something. You're by far the biggest, sexiest man I've ever come across, or will ever come across. Just because you're a bit shy and frustrated is no reason for me to give up. Fuck that. I know where you live. I know where you work. I'll dress like a hooker and keep shaking my butt in front of you until you've put that big monster cock into me, doggy style, and filled me to the gills. Capeesh?"

Mike looked more confused than annoyed, but definitely a little bit of both.

"Jeez...are you one of these crazy women I've heard about? Like, are you gonna cut out magazine clippings and mail me creepy love letters?" I smirked.

"Uh...sure, if I have to. I mean, instead we could just date and get to know each other and take it slow like normal people. I know I've been really aggressive, and I don't apologize for it, honestly, but I can turn it down a notch. Tell you what...three days. Let's take a break. And in three days we'll have a date. We can start fresh."

Mike looked like he wanted to run away, but he eventually agreed. In three days I'd meet him at his place. We didn't hug goodbye, but instead I watched Mike's big body sway as he walked to the elevator.

"And don't jerk off until then!" I called to him. "I want it all!"

Big Mike winced and looked back at me, but luckily I could see a smile on his face. He entered the elevator and I shut my door behind me, lost in the feeling of how he'd nearly swallowed me with that big first kiss.

I spent the rest of the evening laughing at the demolished remains of my bed while I cleaned up the mess.