 This huge guy, probably five hundred pounds lay on a king sized bed. A younger dude, around two-fifty fucked him in the ass. They sweated and grunted, the younger cub slapping his thighs into the daddy chub's ass. The cub was clean shaven, and looked about twenty. The superchub was all belly, with comparatively skinny legs. They were both moaning and panting like girls as the cub ejaculated, and then proceeded to cuddle and suck each others nipples.

I turned off my vibrator; it just wasn't doing it for me.

I spent another ten minutes or so perusing online porn, but nothing satisfying came up. I'd already seen every video that could be found with the tags 'chub' 'superchub' 'ffa' 'bhm' 'ssbhm' and 'musclechub'. I'd watched them all, and none of them held a candle to Big Mike.

It had been three days since I'd seen him and I was going stir crazy. After kissing him, smelling him, and feeling his strong hands squeeze me, I felt like the threshold for my arousal had skyrocketed. None of the usual clips on the internet could compare to the majesty of his incredible size and masculinity.

I rolled over in bed and thought about his big body, his six foot eight frame, standing at over seven hundred and fifty pounds. The beard, the lips, the deep voice, the big hands. I rolled onto my back again and pushed my vibrator back in. The thought of Mike was all I needed. Nothing else would suffice anymore.

**********

It was hours later that we met at the mall. Mike had been a little reluctant, but he'd agreed to meet again and give it another shot. He was surely still embarrassed from when he crushed my bedframe, so I realized that I would have to coax him slowly. I'd realized a few things in our short hiatus. I'd been so forward with him, so quick to engage him, that he'd been on the defensive the whole time. When we'd last met, I'd noticed a flicker of assertiveness from him. Then in my room I'd felt those strong hands part my ass cheeks. I wanted more of that. I wanted him to act and to take and to explore. I just needed to find a way to make him want it too.

We met for a coffee, in this little hallway that connected the food court to the bookstore next door. It was a mall, so there were people everywhere, but at least it provided a tiny bit of seclusion. And I knew there were a couple couches where Mike could park his big ass comfortably.

When I saw him, I sucked in a little breath of excitement. He'd worn a short sleeved shirt and his huge hairy forearms were showing. It was a black t-shirt with a picture of a guy with a huge anime sword on it. He wore sweats, like usual, and his nicer runners.

I wore a sapphire blue top with faded denim jeans blow, and then my white and black vans.

"Hey."

"Hiiii. Thanks for coming. You wanna get a coffee or something?"

"Ehhh...suurre."

I convinced Mike to sit on one of the sofas while I scampered off to grab some drinks. While I was in waiting for our iced teas I looked down the hall and studied him.

He completely filled the couch that would otherwise have been meant for two or three people. He leaned back with one huge arm resting on his thigh, while the other hand skimmed his phone. His mammoth belly forced his thighs to spread apart in a V. Passersby all glanced or glared at him, either shocked by his size or perhaps offended at how someone could consume so much space. I saw Mike's thick black brows perk up occasionally when he would notice himself being noticed, but he always glanced back down to his phone quickly with his signature scowl.

I stood and stared at him, wondering how many years of social unrest had formed his grumpy demeanor. I wondered how long it would take to undo it.

When I returned with two giant lemon iced teas, he perked up a bit with a forced smile.

"So...sorry again about the bed."

"Oh, yeah, whatever. Don't worry about it."

As much as I would've loved to squeeze into the couch with him and feel the comfortable bulk of his thigh pressed against me, I sat on the chair adjacent to him. A coffee table partially separated us.

"Your parents didn't mind you staying over?"

I hesitated, just then remembering that I'd lied and told him where I would sleep. The truth was, I just slept on the floor like a samurai the last three nights.

"Oh yeah...they don't care. Um...what about you? Would your parents care if you came to stay with them, or do you guys get along, or what?"

Mike's facial expression pretty much told me everything I needed to know. He sucked back about half of his iced tea before answering the question.

"Fuck no. I mean...we got along well enough, but I couldn't stay with them. My dad is a real hard ass, always on me about not having a better job. And my mom worries about me constantly, always asking why I...uh...just worrying."

"Asking why you don't have a girlfriend?" I couldn't help but finish his sentence for him. He kind of winced, but nodded in agreement.

"Yeah..."

I would've loved to ask him when I'd be meeting them and make some silly joke, but I used all my strength to resist the urge. I had to be passive for Big Mike, and I didn't want to scare him off.

"Yeah...parents...they're the worst. I guess. I was always a spoiled little brat, so I can't really relate, but uh..."

I trailed off, unsure of where to take that conversation. Desperate, I reached for some random nerd topic.

"Hey, when does the next Marvel movie come out?"

Mike stared at me, hesitated, but eventually answered my question. That began an easy-flowing conversation that required little effort on my part. He told me about movie adaptations of comic characters, tv series' based on graphic novels, and how many of them were terribly done. I delved into the little bit of anime and manga knowledge that I had, though he seemed already fully educated on everything I could muster. Apparently the guy with the sword on his shirt was from Berserk, but I'd never read that one.

Throughout the conversation I found my eyes easily drifting off an exploring his big body. He was so damn big and lovely I couldn't help but ogle him.

I loved his Berserk shirt because it revealed his big, beefy forearms. They were huge. The size of his forearms just past the elbow was surely as large as my thighs. And the back of his arms, all the way down to his big wrists and fat hands, were covered in coarse, black hair. The thickness of his hair complemented the slight olive tone he had to his skin. I imagined how hairy he was elsewhere, on his chest, his belly, his thighs, his ass. I wanted to pet his furry body and bury my face into it. I wanted to feel the strength of those big hands on my hips once again, pulling me into the smothering mass of his sasquatch flesh.

He was saying something about Evangelion when he caught me staring at his belly. There was a pause in his speech, and my eyes darted back up to his. He finished his thought but I could tell there was a hiccup in our conversation.

"Hey, um, your drink is done. Let me get you another."

"Uhh...that's alright."

"Oh, but you finished it so quick. They have free refills anyway."

"Oh, sure."

I headed back down the hall, not sure if that was true or not. It didn't matter. I would gladly spend all my tip money if it meant cozying up to Big Mike a bit more.

When I returned, Mike had changed his tone a bit.

"So Felicia...what're your thoughts...about us?"

I was eager to return to poetic ramblings about the lustful appeal of his gargantuan body, but I hesitated.

"Well...in what way?"

He took another huge sip of his iced tea before putting it on the table in front of him and animating his speech with his big hands.

"It's just...do you wanna be my girlfriend?"

"Yes," I said with a pointed finger. "I want that."

"Like...exclusively?" I was quick to agree.

"Yeah, for sure. Um...why do you ask that specifically?" He shrugged his huge, broad shoulders.

"Well...like I said...you're gorgeous. And I get it if you're into me for...whatever reason. But I can't help but think that this will just be a fling and soon enough you'll find some other big guy like me...one with a better job and a car. And then you'll be into him instead. Or... you'll want both. And I just...I'm not sure I could do that."

He looked to me, leaving a space for me to respond, but I said nothing.

"And uh...it just seems smarter to clear that up now. Because I'm sure you don't wanna be stuck with just me. You'll want some different type of guy. So..."

He trailed off, again waiting for me to interject. I just nodded along, with my hands clasped close to my face, my index fingers pressed against my mouth.

"Right..."

"Yeah, so...I just wanted to clear that up."

"Mm-hm."

Mike sipped his iced tea while I held a stoic expression. Except I couldn't quite hold it, and I 

snickered.

"Okay...I've been trying to be polite and passive here, but you're forcing my hand. Let's just cut through the bullshit here, shall we?"

Mike raised an eyebrow defensively, but eventually smirked a bit himself.

"Alllright."

"I don't know if I mentioned this, but I studied psychology in college for two years...before I dropped out and became an actress-slash-model-slash-waitress. Mostly waitress."

"You didn't."

"Well, I studied it. And I like to think I'm pretty quick on the uptake when it comes to social cues. And you're just spilling cues all over me here. Like, are you really that desperate to be single? Is the idea of dating me really so risky? I can tell you've got all these excuses just waiting to be used. All these reasons why it's just easier to brush me off instead of accepting that I actually wanna date you."

Mike was put on the defensive, both from my accusation and from the passing shoppers within earshot.

"You think I'm gonna find some other big guy to date and dump you? There aren't any other guys like you. Trust me, I've looked. There are no other gorgeous, six-eight, thick boys walking around this city. And even if I found one, I wouldn't be able to handle two of you. I'm still not sure I can handle you, with that big anaconda you're got down there."

Mike brought a big hand to his brow, as if to shield himself from the annoyed glares of mothers walking with their young children.

"And you think I care about the state of your career or whether you drive a nice car or not? I mean...I may be basic, but I'm not that basic. I don't care about material things like that. I've got money. And relatively well off parents. I don't need a guy to buy things for me. And I don't even want to have kids, if that's where your mind is going. I just wanna have fun with you. And only you."

I returned to my iced tea, signalling that I was done. Mike furrowed his brow in thought, but couldn't respond before I continued.

"So that's a couple excuses knocked out the park. What else you got?"

Mike reeled, but eventually chuckled to himself.

"Alright. You got me."

I sipped my tea forcefully. I'd been trying not to lecture him like I had the first day we'd met, but he was just so full of insecure, fat guy excuses. He seemed convinced to try every trick in the book to give me an opportunity to walk away from him. Impossible. I was stubborn.

"Hey, can we go for a walk? Just a little one."

"Walk? Where?"

"Just around the mall. I wanna show you something."

Mike harumphed slightly but conceded. He did the big forward lean to get his huge ass up off the couch, and then walked with me away from the coffee shop. I led him slowly, hoping that he was examining my butt in those tight blue jeans. We only walked out the other end of the hall into the food court before I stopped. We stood at the entrance, at the top of a few steps, with the lowered level of the fully-occupied food court before us.

"Well, here we are." I leaned against a railing to view the hundred or so people, and Mike soon mimicked me.

"Okay...what's this?"

"A challenge, sir. I challenge you to find one man that you think is better looking that you are."

Mike reeled with a bashful smirk.

"Really?"

"Yeah. If you're so insecure that you think some other dude is going to catch my eye, then show me. Show me some guy who I would be attracted to. I dare you...muthafuckaaaaa."

Mike smirked while he looked out at the crowd. He seemed content in playing along with my little game.

While he searched, I noted how far he had to lean down to rest his arms on the rail, whereas I could practically do it standing. His belly flooded the space beneath and pressed into the thin bars under the rail. While his eyes were distracted, I peeked back to take in the big curve of his hips and his wide ass. He was so damn perfect, it was incredible.

"Well...how about that guy, out of curiosity. He's probably not your type, but-"

"That Zac Efron looking twerp? Please bud...you can do better."

Mike smiled, enjoying the game. He looked for another.

"Alright, how about that guy? The dad over there."

He'd pointed to some guy with dad-bod, eating a burger and wrangling his kids. He wore a polo shirt and shorts. He had a scruffy goatee and a thinning hairline. I nodded along, acknowledging Mike's effort.

"Yeah, you're at least in the ballpark now. He's what? Two hundred? Two twenty five? A solid looking dude. He's not exactly handsome though. Your beard is way sexier, big a thick like a friggin' pirate warlord."

Mike laughed at my comparison.

"And he's just a fraction of you. You're taller. You're bigger. You're more cuddly. You're sexier. It would take four or five of that guy to measure up to you. Try again."

Mike soon found another.

"Okay, that guy's pretty big. The grandpa looking guy."

"Yeah, well, you just said it. He looks more than double my age. He is a distinguished looking gentleman of size, I admit, but he's probably sixty. And you're...what?"

Mike smirked down at me.

"I'm twenty six."

"Wow, really? I thought you were..."

"What? Forty?

"No! Like...thirty...two. That means you're only three years older than me."

"Yeah, I guess so."

We held each others eyes for a second. It was good. I seemed to have put him at ease. We continued on like that for a while, drinking iced tea, and people watching, and making superficial judgements. We had fun.

"Alright, alright...what about that guy?"

"Who?

"That jacked dude behind you."

I turned around to see this hulking muscle freak, about six feet four and fake tanned. He wore a tanktop and had a shaved head. His traps, lats, and arms were all huge enough that he wouldn't have been able to scratch his own back. I took a good look and then quickly turned back to Mike.

"Eh? What's with that face? Did I finally find one?"

I didn't meet eyes with Mike right away, momentarily ashamed.

"Felicia."

The muscle dude's voice called to me as he approached. He walked right up to Mike and I.

"Uh, hey. Hey Jason."

"What's up? You're looking good."

Shit, I was embarrassed. Of all the guys who I'd bumped uglies with, I would've preferred anyone else to run into Mike and I.

"Hey bro, I'm Jason." Jay extended his hand to Mike, who reluctantly shook it.

"Hey,"

Jason was this guy I'd met at a nightclub who'd fucked me stupid a couple times. He wasn't an overt asshole as much as he was just so full of himself that other people's well being didn't factor into his state of mind. He'd fucked me roughly and made me beg for more like the stupid drunken twenty year old that I was. I couldn't help but feel shame seeing him there.

"You're a big guy. You ever lift?"

"Uh, no. Just football in high school."

My body tensed from the awkward situation, but I couldn't help but marvel at the meeting of those two giants. As big as Jason was, Mike was taller, broader, heavier, and bigger down below. Jason was a beast that had utterly dominated me for the couple weeks that we'd known each other, and Mike was bigger than him in every metric. The juxtaposition of those two brutes left me stupefied.

I don't know exactly how long the conversation went on as I was kind of in defensive shock, but I remember it ending with Jason giving Mike a long deliberate look over, and then turning to me with a smirk.

"Good seeing you Felicia. You look good."

Jason continued on to his serving of chicken and greens from the Greek place while I slowly returned to a state of coherence.

"Uhh...that was...timely."

I looked to Mike, concerned he would hijack that experience and use it as a getaway car, but he seemed rather unfazed, amused even. He looked down at me with a sly grin on his face.

"Well, he seemed like a good guy. A good bro, that is." He chuckled, and I spread my arms and accepted the coming critique. "He's really uh...veiny. You like that? Vascularity?" He chuckled some more.

"Yeah...he uh...we had a very brief encounter. So brief. We just grazed each other, really."

"Hey, sure. I get it. You like big guys. And he's big."

"He's not even my type. I met him and I was drunk and he was huge, powerful. But I'm not even into that look. I've matured since then, and I appreciate finer things now."

"Like my big gut?"

"Like your majestic frame."

"Riight. So...what was he? The most recent?"

I started to squirm as Mike probed into my sexual history, but I was glad at least he didn't seem bothered by Jay's appearance. He didn't seem intimidated.

"That's...a story for another time, let's say."

"Sure."

"Okay, but here's the important takeaway from this exercise...every guy in this place, Jason included, is less powerful, less sexy, and less attractive than you are. That's the life lesson I'm trying to impart here."

Mike nodded along, seeming to accept what I said. We leaned onto the railing together.

"Alright. That's a little hard to absorb, but okay. You don't like skinny guys. You don't like Zac Efron. You don't care about cars and shiny careers. You just like...big cuddly guys and big dicks."

I gave him a gentle punch in the arm.

"Hey bud, now you're getting it." We laughed.

I leaned into him and let my weight press against his massive frame. I loved how much bigger than me he was. I loved the sheer size of his body and how diminutive it made me feel. I looked up at him and we just stared for a second.

The food court now seemed very busy, and Jason was still giving us side glances.

"Maybe we should exodus this place."

"Yeah, sure. Where to?"

I didn't want to answer his question too quickly. I didn't want to make the mistake of forcing him into anything that he wasn't ready for, despite how bad I wanted to press my naked body into his. Before I could think of a suggestion, Mike offered one.

"You wanna come back to my place?"

I looked up at him and beamed.

"Oh...okay. As long as I won't be a bother." I acted hammy and bashful and Mike just snorted a laugh.

We turned to exit and I felt Mike's big hand plant on my opposite shoulder. He didn't squeeze me or anything, he just kind of placed it there while I turned and then maintained enough pressure to suggest the direction where I should walk. It was just a small gesture, but it felt so significant. It was a public display of possession over me, and I found it exhilarating.

As we exited, I didn't dare turn around to look at Jason, but I really hoped he was watching so that he could see who I now belonged to.