 We returned to Mike's place from the mall and his roommate was milling about the kitchen.

"Oh, hey...Felicia."

"Hey man! Aron, right?"

"Yeah."

I acted buddy-buddy with him while Mike fiddled around with something in his room. I assumed he was doing a last minute clean. Their basement apartment was about ten percent cleaner than when I'd last been there. Aron and I didn't have much to talk about, but I'm good at making small talk.

Eventually Mike returned, and the three of us stood in the kitchen.

"So are you working tonight?" Mike asked.

"No. But I uh...I'm heading out in a little bit."

"Oh, okay..."

"Yeah, I'll probably go check out that world war two movie, so..."

"Yeah, right."

I hid my smirk at their thinly veiled code.

Mike offered me another can of lime vodka beverage and he had a beer. We had mentioned ordering in later, and Aron's movie excuse would surely kill three hours, so I figured we'd have time to lounge. If I was lucky, Mike's familiar surroundings would make him comfortable enough to take his clothes off. I was desperate to see him naked. I had a plan of attack that I thought would work.

"So what's your background, there? A little...Hungarian? A little Italian?"

We'd settled into his couch again with our drinks.

"Uh, Bulgarian, mostly. And some Italian. My dad's from Bulgaria, and my mom was born here and she's half Bulgarian and half Italian."

"Okay...so uh, are Bulgarians all big like you?

Mike sucked back a big swig of his beer and kind of shrugged.

"Uhhh, I don't know about Bulgarians. That's probably just my family. Of course, my dad didn't know his dad, so he could be half anything. My grandpa was some big Bulgarian speaking guy apparently, but my dad never met him."

I sipped my lime cooler and brought my knees up to my chest in my chair.

"Hmm...a mystery grandfather. So maybe that's where the giant genes came from. Hey, is your whole family big like you?"

Mike sucked back a few more gulps from his beer, emptying the bottle, and huffed out a heavy breath.

"Uhhhyeah, we're all big. There's no one in my family who's little like you."

I loved how he'd said 'little like me'. I started imagining what Mike's big family members might look like. He'd said there were his parents and two sisters. The thought of what else Mike's big genes could produce was certainly interesting.

I got up to get Mike another beer from the fridge. He didn't protest this time, letting me serve him. We talked some more about genealogy and I told him I was mostly Irish. Mike drank through two and a half beers and I finished one drink. I had no clue if Mike was being affected by those beers, but I was already buzzing from my one can. It was getting harder and harder not to ogle Mike's big body.

"You're quite the sasquatch, eh? Your arms are so hairy."

Mike swished around the remaining contents of his third beer. "Heh...yeah."

"It's so sexy. I can't wait to see the rest..."

Mike smirked, but it looked forced. He didn't seem thrilled to indulge me, but I was tipsy and horny. I had a plan to take us a step forward.

"So I was thinking...since I want to see yours, maybe I should show you mine."

Mike hesitated, but seemed interested. "Oh yeah?"

"Yeah... " I put down my can and rose to my feet. "We could play a little game. And remind you that I'm ready to serve in in more ways than just grabbing you a beer."

Mike finished his third beer and perked up in his seat while I opened a playlist on my phone.

"Hmm. Okay. So how does this game work?"

"Well...it's pretty simple..." A chill dancey song started playing. "You just choose an article of my clothing, and it will come off."

I turned my back to him and slid my hands down the back of my hips and around my butt. I turned back to face him and continued the arc of my hands around my thighs and up towards my abdomen, letting my fingertips of one hand gently pull up the bottom of my shirt, revealing my midrift for a moment.

I could see Mike's eyes take in my slender frame, now with a lustful intention. I could see him appraising me. He sat on that couch like an emperor, taking up the space that three adults would normally take, leaning back a bit with his elbows resting on the frame.

"So? Which piece of clothing do you want to see hit the ground first, big man?"

Mike looked pleasantly amused at my game. I had taken off my vans at the door, so what remained was my ankle high white socks, my light blue jeans, my dark blue top, and my black bra and panties underneath.

"Okay, well...let's get that top off first."

I moved to the music a little bit, walking in a small circle so that my back was to him. I tried to hide my smile, but I was giddy that he was starting to play along. I wanted him to want me and to begin to assert himself. I hoped that my little game would get him used to the feeling of taking what he wanted from a woman.

I crossed my arms at my waist and pulled my blue top off overhead. I tossed it onto my chair and turned around to let him see my bra and otherwise bare upper body.

I stand at five foot seven and a hundred and eleven pounds. I've always been slender, with a narrow hourglass figure and breasts that make me happy. I do power yoga every second day and kickboxing every second week, and my body shows my lean musculature. I'm pale, so they don't stand out much, but I've got a six pack and an Adonis belt.

"Wooh...jeez, Felicia...look at you..."

I ran my fingertips along my abs and up to my sternum, and moved with the slightest obeisance to the music.

"Does my body please you? Your appetite?"" I took a step towards him.

"Oh yeah...you're making me hungry..." Mike's deep voice, expressing his lust for me, began a stir between my thighs. I watched him, watching me, as he licked his thick lips. "Now, let's get that bra off."

The command was ecstasy. I'd expected him to choose my jeans next, but I didn't hesitate even a second to obey him. I reached behind me to unclip my bra and began a slow turn as it slid down my arms. I tossed it aside and let the 32C cups land on the chair next to me.

I turned back around to face him with one slim forearm hugging my breasts close to me. I wanted him to see me, but I knew that less was more. I could see his eyes fixate on the curves of my hidden chest.

"Mmm, yum. Look at those nice breasts."

I took another step towards him, now desperately horny and eager to be devoured. I raised my right leg up and knelt onto the bulk of his left thigh. My left arm covered my nipples and my right hand reached out to press into his broad chest.

"Is your mouth watering yet?"

I raised my left leg like my right, and soon I was kneeling on his thighs, my crotch pressed against his big round belly. Mike's left hand slipped around behind me and cupped my ass, holding my firmly against his bulk.

"Oh yeah, those breasts look like tasty little snacks. Let's see those nipples."

I pressed into his chest with one hand but hugged my breasts tightly with the opposite arm. I wasn't going to give him everything without him working for it.

"You wanna see everything? There's just my little arm in the way. What are you gonna do about it?

Mike looked up at me with a little sneer that quickly changed to a smirk. He hooked his right thumb around my left elbow and quickly pried my arm away from my chest. My bare breasts jiggled free and Mike pinned my left arm behind my back with ease.

"Ooh." I cooed some resistance and struggled as he clenched my forearm tightly in his powerful grip. I was hamming it up a bit but he really had my arm pinned effortlessly. I loved the feeling of his lazy strength controlling me. It made me wet.

I quickly hid my breasts with the opposite arm, and Mike quickly followed suit by repeating the same grip with his other hand. Soon, both my arms were pinned behind my back and my bare breasts rested at Mike's head height.

"God, you're so strong."

Mike smirked and chuckled.

"You're so little. It's easy."

He switched his grip behind my back so that he held both my wrists in the grip of one big hand. My elbows pressed together, which caused my chest to stick out more. His free hand was then able to fondle my breasts with his thick, sausage fingers. He smiled big and squeezed each breast between his index finger and thumb.

My pussy was on fire from how effortlessly he toyed with me. He even licked his lips again as he pinched my nipples, causing me to moan softly in genuine, stunned arousal.

"Mmm...you like that, don't you? You like when I squeeze you and pinch you. How about this?"

Before I realized what he was doing, he'd taken one of my breasts into his mouth and began slurping on my half of my chest from sternum to collarbone.

"Oh god...oh fuck..."

Mike sucked hard on my breast with closed eyes and a deep pleasured moan. He'd so quickly and hungrily taken my breast into his mouth that it really felt as if he were eating me. Before long he'd switched sides and made my whole chest wet with his saliva. My breasts were a decent size, but they felt tiny in the suction of his big lips.

"Mmm... yummy yummy," Mike finished tasting me and looked up to me with a big satisfied smile. "You're a tasty girl, Felicia. I could just eat you right up."

With my arms still firmly pinned behind me, Mike planted his free hand around my ass, his fingers between the denim crevice of my ass, and lifted me up in the air.

"Oh god!"

As shocked as I was at his strength and his assertiveness, I was even more surprised when he pressed his wet tongue against my navel and lowered my body down against his chest. He gave me a big wet lick from the bottom of my abs to my collarbone between my breasts. The feeling of being controlled, lifted, and tasted all at once was overwhelming. Mike was quickly exceeding my expectations of him.

He licked his lips again and met my eyes as I panted in near-exhaustion. He only paused for a second before planting a hungry kiss on my lips. The force of his mouth pressing into mine caught me off guard, and I felt myself breathless and trapped in his maw.

I moaned weakly, breathing through my nose desperately. Mike also moaned with his deep and bassy voice. He sounded pleasured, unapologetic, and hungry.

When he released me from that kiss, he also freed my arms. Both his big hands cupped my ass and pulled me deeper into his belly fat. He smiled up at me, my blonde hair trailing down into his beard.

"Mike, you're really good at this." I said it with a pleasured laugh.

"Oh yeah?" He smirked and let my bottom lower to the ground, sliding against his round belly. "You really like being toyed with."

"I do. I'm your little barbie doll. You can play with me however you like."

"Oh yeah?" He spread his huge thighs a bit and started rubbing his crotch with one hand. The other bulky arm rested on the frame of the couch behind him. "Then let's get those jeans off, little doll."

I felt like I was suddenly standing under a spotlight at the Bolshoi Theatre. He looked so big and hungry and powerful. His command to strip was like command from god to me. My face was warm and my pussy ached for him.

"Yes sir."

I undid my top button and then began slowly unzipping. I looked down to my thighs, pressed tightly together, and then back up at Mike. He stared down intently at the slow motion of my hands.

I unzipped and lowered my jeans just past the points of my hipbones. From there I turned to one side and stuck my butt out as the denim slowly slipped down around the curve of my ass. My black panties were revealed beneath as the jeans slipped down to my ankles. I kicked them off behind me as Mike licked his lips again.

"Mmm...look at those long legs. And that tight little ass."

I turned my back to him and hid my giddy smile. I stuck my hips out to one side and slid my hand around one butt cheek. I turned around, still following the music, and slid my fingers into the hem of my panties. Mike's hand still rubbed his cock beneath the mountain of his belly.

"All that's left are those little panties..."

I hooked my thumbs underneath the fabric at each hip and lowered them just an inch. I suddenly felt hesitant, slightly insecure. I knew that I was smooth everywhere, so that wasn't a concern, but there's always hesitation before you show your pussy to a guy for the first time. Am I clean? Am I sweaty? Do I smell? Guys don't seem to worry about these things before whipping their cocks out but every girl does. And before Big Mike, I felt more self-conscious than ever.

"What's your command?"

I hesitated with that question, looking for some motivation from his voice. Instead of answering me, he just raised his hand and curled one index finger to beckon me. I kept my hands on the edges of my panties and walked towards him meekly. He smiled big the whole time.

I stood before him, feeling fully on display. I realized that it wasn't concern about feminine hygiene that was making my heart beat faster, it was Mike's growing assertiveness.

The way he'd kissed me and lifted me and ordered me around was both thrilling and provocative. What is he going to make me do next? The question came to mind and it excited me. I'd been holding Mike's hand this whole time, begging him to feel comfortable around me. Now that he seemed quite comfortable taking a lead, I had to question how far he would take things and what he would do to me. That feeling of uncertainty in the presence of such a big strong man was electric.

"Turn around." His command was simple and powerful. I obeyed without hesitation.

"Bend over. Put your hands on the coffee table." Again, my body moved as an extension of his voice. I was soon fully bent over with my ass in the air. My legs were in a slight V, just parting my ass cheeks slightly beneath my black panties.

"God, what a sexy little thing you are. Look at this ass."

Mike's compliment brought me to the highest point of arousal I thought I could feel, but that threshold was soon shattered when his big hand planted on my ass. Not a smack, but just a firm squeeze from his right hand on my right butt cheek.

I sucked in a breath as his fingers clasped my hip and his thumb pressed in the crack of my ass. I let out a little yelp when his left hand followed suit. Mike's strong grip clenched into my meat of my glutes and he spread my ass cheeks with his big thumbs.

"Oh god..."

"You alright? Am I breaking you?" I could barely respond.

"Jesus Christ...no, I...it's good."

"Yeah, you like it. Are you horny, Felicia?"

"Oh fuck, yes." I was panting in ecstasy from the feeling of his strong hands owning and controlling me. I was utterly at his mercy.

"Fuck, me too. My cock is hard. Ready to blow. Alright, turn around."

I raised myself up and turned to him, desperately wanting to tear my panties off. I didn't move yet, I just waited for his command. The thought of finally getting his big cock in me was both exhilarating and scary. I loved it.

"So you're my little doll to play with, right?" Mike had a big satisfied smile on his face.

"Yes, daddy."

"And you'll obey my commands, right?"

"Yes, daddy. Anything you say." My thumbs inched at the edges of my panties, the sexual tension making it hard to breathe.

"Alright. Then get down on your knees." I dropped, thoughtlessly. "Yeah. And on your hands too." I fell forward on all fours, left to arch my head up and stare at Big Mike. He smiled down at me over the mammoth slope of his belly.

"Now, suck my cock."

I felt my pelvic muscles clench and I let out a soft moan at his command. I wanted his cock in me so bad, but he was making me suck him instead. I couldn't blame him, since I'd been so quick to condition him to expect blowjobs. And it's not that I didn't want to, but I was hornier than I'd ever been in my life. It hurt.

I crawled over to him obediently as I felt the slight drop of fluid run down my thighs. He looked excited, and began lifting handfuls of his big belly out of the way. He pulled down the hem of his sweatpants under the bulk of his underbelly. All that was revealed was fur and fat but I knew his big cock was lurking just beneath. This was the amount of nudity that he seemed comfortable with. I was desperate to see more, to lay eyes on his bare thighs or big broad chest, but I was so painfully horny that the mere glimpse of his fatpad sent a pulse through my abdomen.

My mouth approached his flesh and the strong musky scent of his crotch hit me. Like getting off the plane on a flight to Mexico, I suddenly felt the atmosphere change. It was warm and sweaty in this space of my submission. I'd never thought that I liked the sweat and stink of a man's crotch per se, but Mike's power and size made me love it. I wanted to be drowned in the smell of his swampy crotch. I wanted to be bathed in hours of accumulated sweat.

"Hey Felicia..." I looked up at the god, but I couldn't even see him over the encompassing curve of his belly. "You made me wait three days without jerking off, right? So that means you've got three days of buildup to swallow. Heh. Can you handle all that?" 

I heard his words and thrust my hips forward in mini-orgasm. My heart was beating to the rhythm of his command and my pussy was getting as wet as his voice was deep. More juice ran down my thighs. I even felt a single drop graze the inside of one knee.

"Yes, of course. I want all of it inside me." And those weren't just play words. I meant it.

I moved further in, my forehead pressing into his fatpad and my head tilting sideways to squeeze into position. Mike's cock had this way of seeming small and hidden from a few feet away, but then gigantic once you drew near it. As I pushed in, the big stiff mast appeared, swollen and engorged. It aimed at my face like a shotgun ready to blow. With my excitement and lust, I felt the slightest twinge of fear.

"Mmm...yeah. Give me one of those million dollar blowjobs." I would've laughed at the line if I wasn't otherwise distracted. I planted my eager lips of the fat head of his penis and wasted no time in taking as much meat inside me as I could in a single mouthful. For Big Mike that was about a third of his cock.

"Ooohhh, fuck yeah."

The throbbing that pulsed from my pussy throughout my body was incredible motivation to skip any gentle tongue play. I forced my mouth as deeply onto his cock as I could, slurping and sucking the cock of God. I huffed in breaths through my nostrils, which were flooded with the smell off his crotch, even his ass. I don't know at what point in my psychological development that I gained this filter of worshipping power, but through it, every masculine trait Mike had seemed divine. His stink, his fur, his flesh, his size, his strength: these qualities were all evidence of the existence of his higher power.

I sucked him forcefully, pushing further into the depths of his paunch every thirty seconds or so. Mike moaned gently and made a lazy effort to hold up his belly fat. I realized how much he'd been helping me earlier; this time I had to work to force my way in.

I lacked the cervical strength to arrive at the thick base of his cock, at least before an ample spurt of semen landed in my mouth. I guess three days was long enough to fill his tanks. I swallowed instantly and began to nourish myself.

Mike grunted, and another spurt landed on my tongue. He grunted again, and another spurt coated the back of my throat. This continued in a few waves, not as intense as the first day we'd met, but more so than the last time I'd sucked his cock. I don't know how many times I swallowed, but I did exactly as daddy commanded and gulped every last drop.

When the waves stopped, Mike's grunting turned more to a heavy breathing and quiet sigh. I continued to play with his cock in my mouth and get high off the fumes of his furry canyon. The weight of his belly provided some compulsion to just stay put, rather than struggle to get out. And Mike's huge wet cock gently grazing the back of my throat provided a worthwhile challenge for me to overcome. I wanted to completely master my gag reflex for him. I never wanted an excuse to stop him from perfectly filling me.
