 Jessie was concentrated on the drive ahead of her, driving down Highway 1 heading South to Big Sur. Traffic was heavy but steady and she was making good progress.

The family log cabin was there, situated in a wonderful, secluded area in the mountains. There was nothing but breath taking views, clean air, the Pacific ocean and of course, the wildlife.

It was a good place to get away from the hectic pace of city life and just chill and recharge the batteries.

She thought about the squirrels and raccoons in the area and how they would play and game about unaware they were being watched, and that thought bought a smile to her face.

She was really looking forward to spending a few sunny days vacation at the cabin. It really was beautiful this time of year.

Feelings of excited trepidation made her tummy do tumble turns when she remembered why she was heading out to her "get- away." She smiled again, feeling a little wicked.

She'd never done anything like this before. She was actually going to meet "Steelhead," her online lover and spouse, for the very first time.

That wasn't his real name of course. It was Chad. Chad, a strong, sexy name, just like him or that's what she imagined him to be like... God, she hoped he wasn't a gnome or anything. She shook those worries away, no, they had met online, and had spent the last 12 months chatting, flirting and making incredible brain sex together. To say the guy was hot was an understatement. He really seemed to know what make her tick.

Chad was heading north on Highway one. Not much further he thought, as he reached for his smokes on the center console.

Chad had spent most of the day on the road, now the sun was well over the Pacific and the shadows grew longer on the curves that hugged the rugged coastline. Chad kept his eye out for mile markers and did a mental countdown. "60 more and I meet Jessie."

Jessie, also known as "Chipmunk," had been online, one night, chatting, wasting time really. She had a suggestive tag line on her profile "Let me steal your nuts" It seemed appropriate considering her login name and he, Steelhead, had messaged her, " Want to steel my head..? "

The pick up had amused her, and was not the usual, "Hi, How are you?" and, they had begun chatting. He'd asked her to dance and a beautiful friendship was born. Now, here they were 12 months down the line, arranging to meet at her cabin.

She smiled and groaned. She'd promised him a lap dance too, somehow, they'd got into a truth or dare game one night and they had agreed, if they were ever to meet, she would give him a special dance. He'd not forgotten that promise either! He'd been reminding her at every opportunity since agreeing to meet.

She turned left onto the familiar gravel road and began making her way slowly up the mountain road to the log cabin. She always loved to see it as she rounded the bend. The lovely burnt orange logwood walls, with dark brown decking, to sit and enjoy the summer evenings outside.

Flowered baskets were hung from hooks in the roof and the windows were big and framed the outside views of the magnificent mountains. It was her "home from home" and her piece of heaven.

She parked her car and fished out the keys from her bag.

The sun was shining and it was a lovely warm day. She breathed in the mountain air and enjoyed the moment as she felt the city expelling from her body. She opened up her beloved cabin and flung all the windows open. She wasn't sure what time Steelhead would arrive, but she wanted the place spick and span, a fire burning in the grey brick fireplace and clean sheets on the bed. She unloaded the car of food and essentials and set to work.

An hour or so later, she was happy the place was clean and welcoming. The coffee pot was on, on the stove and she was looking forward to a well earned mug of coffee and a shower.

She looked through her CD's and decided on " You can leave your hat on " for her dance routine, after all, it seemed to work ok in the movie " Nine and a half weeks".

"Oh God, what had she agreed to," Jessie laughed nervously, and wondered if he'd guess this would be the first one she had ever done in real life.

She prepared the wood and lit the fire. It still got cool at night in the mountains and she wanted the place cosy for his arrival. A welcoming glow soon filled the living room as it cackled a little before settling down.

She drained her coffee mug and went to shower and sort through her sexy lingerie.

Chad slowed down, this has to be it. Chad got out and walked up to the chained drive way. Sure enough, he saw the painted rock Jessie had told him to look for. Turning it over, he found the key and a note from Jessie. "Chad, lock the gate behind you and take care on the switch backs. See ya soon xxxxxx Jessie "

She was sitting drinking a coffee when she heard his car. She was wearing her chosen sexy lingerie - red stockings and garters, and, matching lacy bra and panties underneath a red sleeveless mini dress that had a back zip from the neck to the base of her spine. She felt good, sexy, and her long black hair fell loosely down her back . The tumble turns returned to her tummy, this was the moment of truth, gnome or no gnome ...

She heard the knock and quickly checked her appearance in the mirror, make up -- good; clothing --hot girl; hair -- silky and flowing. All good.

She went to the door and heart racing she opened it. There, standing in the doorway was the most handsome man she had ever seen. A breath taking Adonis, and not a gnome at all.

She stood and stared a moment and then realised he was holding a single red rose out for her,

" Hey Chipmunk , Want to steel my head?" That broke the ice and she laughed , took the rose, smelt it, and invited him inside. 

" Come on in, Want a coffee? She asked him.

" Sure", His deep voice was as sexy as he was. "Then I'll go unload my car"

She placed the rose in a vase and poured the coffee in the mug and handed it to him.

He took a sip and then moved towards her, placing it on the side. He embraced her and kissed her on the lips, deepening his kiss as he felt her respond to him. His tongue slowly invaded her mouth as his hands roamed her back, pulling her into him tipping her head back slightly.

Jessie kissed him back enjoying his skill and the promise of things to come. His hands moved to knead her bottom. Her legs weakened a little as her body flushed with feminine appreciation and the sudden knowledge that he wasn't totally unaffected either by their closeness. She could tell as he pushed his crotch into hers.

He finished the kiss moving to her ear " I really am looking forward to that lap dance you promised, and I know what you're wearing under that sexy little dress " He whispered and pecked her on the lips, "I better unload my car" He winked as he moved away and out of the kitchen.

"Phew" Jessie fanned her burning face, "How hot was that?" She mused. Looks like Steelhead was going to live up to her expectations and more. Brimming with excitement she went into the living room and put some music on.

The fire was glowing nicely, low flames licked at the burning wood sending flickers of light and shadows around the room. The rug on the wooden floor boards and couch made the room cosy and inviting. It was a perfect setting for her sensual, seductive lap dance.

Chad stood by his open trunk breathing deeply, "Calm down, relax," he thought, his heart raced, "wow Jessie was hot." The few pictures she had emailed him were good but to see her for real, he was spellbound.

She heard him come back and directed him to the bedroom and rest room to stow his belongings. She returned to the kitchen and after a short while he joined her again to finish his coffee.

He smiled at her and asked "You going to back out of your lap dance?" 

She thought about it for awhile thinking, " Hell, she'd played it safe all her life; she wanted to be dangerous and wild and exciting for once; she wanted a wicked, naughty memory she could look back on in old age and say; "You'll never guess what I did one summer in Big Sur..." and wow her audience. Wasn't this one of the reasons she had suddenly decided to meet this man? " 

Mind made up she replied full of bravado, "No of course not, what on earth made you think that. A dare is a dare and you won fair and square .In fact Baby, why are we still standing here?"

She grabbed his hand and led him to the living room and said, "Sit. Prepare to be 'WOW'ed ," She went to the stereo and put the chosen song on. She could do this...

The music began to play and she switched herself on to "Sexy Siren" mode. She swayed to the music, hands roaming her body, feeling, touching and stroking over her clothing. Her face and lips pouted sexily; her eyes closed and widened slightly in time with the music and the movement of her hands.

The perfected looks of pure pleasure and sex emanated from her body and the flickering light from the fire only heightened the sensuous routine she had begun. 

Chad watched transfixed and in awe of this beautiful woman before him oozing such raw sex appeal.

Her hands roamed to her bottom and squeezed and kneaded her cheeks. Jessie felt the material of her dress and panties caress her skin with the movements of her hands. The material sensuously grazed her tummy, her hips and her womanhood.

This was such a turn on and she wondered why she'd not done this before.

Getting lost now in her routine and knowing Chad was entranced and watching her intently, she felt empowered and let natural instinct take over. She moaned and started to voice her naughty, seductive thoughts.

"Do you like what you see baby?" 

"Mmm, You want to touch my body? Feel how hot I am in your hands?" 

"I'd like that, your hands touching, stroking, fondling me, making me hot, crazy, wild for you " 

"You want to see my body baby?"

"My breasts bared for your eyes, my nipples peaked & hard for your lips and kisses?" 

"You want to kiss my tummy? Your tongue invading my belly button mmm"

"You want me to inch my dress up so you can see my thighs and panties"

"Shall I take them down for you? Slowly, very slowly so you can see my hot, wet pussy" 

"Mmm, I want you baby, I am so horny for you now "

"Shall I turn round for you and bend over .. would you like that? Seeing my butt and pink pussy lips mmm"

Chad enjoyed her suggestive words, as well as, the sexy dance of this woman before him.

He began to fondle himself. Soon he had unzipped his throbbing cock and began to masturbate, following her line of naughty thoughts.

Jessie's hands continued to roam her body, fondling and squeezing her breasts, sucking her finger seductively and rimming her nipples. They were clearly hardened now and protruding through her dress. She squatted and Chad could peak at the red panties hiding her beautiful feminine secrets.

He wanted her. The lust in him was building and getting stronger as she teased and provoked him.

Then she upped the ante and began to strip for him.

First she unzipped her dress, it fell down to her waist slowly and seductively. The sexy lacy red bra covering her tits was a vision to behold.

Then the dress lowered more , still sexy and slow until it pooled at her feet and she stepped out of it.

She turned and bent over, showing her red matching panties and suspenders stretching across her butt as she swayed it at him.

She opened her legs a little and felt down their full length, picking up her dress as she went, and then tossed it in his direction. He caught it deftly and flung it on the seat next to him. His eyes glued to the stunning and sexy woman in front of him.

She stroked her body more to tease him, letting him enjoy her sexy underwear that she had chosen just for him. She moaned and voiced more of those naughty thoughts. The routine was red hot, and getting hotter.

Jessie moved to dance closer to Chad, her body was in perfect rhythm with the music.

She took his free hand and placed it on her breasts and ground it into her. She closed her eyes and threw her head back as she enjoyed him feeling her.

Chad released his cock and used both hands to squeeze each of her breasts. He felt her nipples through her bra against his palms. His lips kissed them taking his time.

"Take it off" She begged.

Chad expertly released the catch at the back and slowly pulled the straps down her arms before revealing her swaying breasts. She groaned as she sensed his eyes feasting on her. It turned her on even more. A rush of hot pleasure hit her centre. She was very wet there now and a slight damp patch could be seen on her panties.

Chad squeezed her naked breasts, rubbing them, before kissing each one. He moved down and touched her sex over her panties and she groaned. He could smell her scent and could see and feel her wetness. He teased her clitoris making her wanton and then cupped the area he had ignited, grinding gently. 

Then, he turned her round and slowly lowered her panties, revealing her bottom, inch by inch till it was completely bare and her panties rested just above her knees. He kneaded her cheeks, glimpsed tantalising views of her inner rump and the little, precious star nestled inside.

And still Jessie continued to dance to the music. She moved away from him, panties still just above her knees, and then bent over again, sliding them off completely. She turned revealing her moist shiny sex to him for the first time. Freshly trimmed and shaved, the pubic hair framed her pretty pussy lips. She danced closer to Chad again, and still holding her damp panties, teased his nose with them. She then lowered them slightly and using her finger began pushing them partly into his mouth. He could taste and smell her glorious essence.

She danced back to her position in front of the fire, swaying to the final part of the song, turning, bending, fondling and showing her nakedness in her red stockings and garters.

She watched Chad taste and smell those panties as he watched her. Then, as the music began to end, he put them in his pocket and murmured, "My souvenir."

She moved to him again and sat astride him. She kissed him deeply as the music finally finished, her routine complete.

Chad responded and he could feel her hot arousal on his thighs, nestled tantalisingly close to his pulsating cock. He whispered in her ear, "Oh baby, I am sooo WOW'ed "

He deepened the kiss and enjoyed this naked woman in his arms. It was a big turn on that he was still clothed, even if his cock was out of his trousers.

His thoughts ran back over her sexy lap dance and strip and suddenly, he needed to taste her.

Once the thought had entered his head, it was overpowering and the urge so strong. He could not have stopped if he had wanted to. He pushed her back on the couch and spread her legs, her shiny, wet, trimmed, pussy exposed for him. He saw her little pink lips glistened with her excitement, framed by her black pubic hair. It was a beautiful sight and he mentally photographed it to his memory forever. At last he was going to taste his "Chipmunk"

Jessie was so turned on and when he pushed her down on the couch and he spread her legs, she nearly orgasmed there and then. She knew he was looking at her core and this heightened her arousal tenfold.

He lowered his head and nuzzled her with his nose, smelt her unique scent before taking her in his mouth. He kissed her intimately, tasting and savouring her excitement and then his tongue started to work the Chad magic, that he had described to her so many times online. Oh my, but in real, this was so much better.

Chad was going to take his time and enjoy this, after his initial licks he backed off and began to kiss Jessie's thighs. His lips and tongue made small circles on one thigh, then the other, each time moving in a little closer to her sex. He could sense Jessie was in an extreme state of arousal and would climax almost instantly if he worked her too soon.

He paused to pull off his shirt then Chad returned to the task at hand. "Mmm this is better than I thought", he smiled to himself. Kneeling in front of her, he gently lifted her ass up and placed a throw pillow underneath the small of her back, propping her hips up.

He pushed her legs wide open, her wet pussy ready for his special attention. With his right hand he gently spreads Jessie's lips open with two fingers, then with his left index finger began to tap Jessie's clitoris gently.

"Oh my God," Jessie's mind screamed silently and her flushed body produced a monumental amount of lubrication straight to her sex. Dripping with her desire, she moaned as Chad touched her sensitive bud.

Gasping and breathing rapidly, she whispered " I won't last much longer, If you do that" Her mind was already sinking into a state of sexual oblivion as her body turned primitive and began thrusting a little at him. Wanting, needing, this man so much.

Chad, not wanting her to cum just yet, cupped her vagina and watched the expressions on his Chipmunk's face. Pleasure, want, need, frustration and little moans of protest.

He smiled and leaned near her ear, "Tell me what you want?"

"You," she answered, writhing into his hand.

, "Tell me what you want me to do. "

"Suck me" she whimpered.

"Louder," he demanded.

"LICK ME PLEASE," she begged, "PLEASE LICK ME NOW."

Chad smiled and with that he lowered his head and kissed her sex, once again tasting and savouring her. His tongue explored and licked her folds, and he began to enter her. Then traced her outline, her labia, her vaginal opening , her perineum and anal star. He rimmed, kissed, licked, teeth grazed and sucked. He left no area untouched by his expert tongue and lips.

He began to finger her and stroke the little bunched muscles, her G spot, about 3 inches inside her front vaginal wall.

Jessie responded, pushed into his face, writhed, then it turned into thrashing and grabbing at his head and hair as she pushed as much of her pussy into his face and fingers as she possibly could. Wild animal need encompassed her, nothing else mattered except her greedy satisfaction. Wet pussy juices covered his face and chin as she ground and smothered him. 

Close now, she writhed harder, faster, and then, Chad began flicking and sucking her clitoris and pushing his finger into both her anal and vaginal openings.

She screamed as she toppled and then crashed full blast, into total sexual fulfilment, body jerking and spasm 

Juices flooded Chad's tongue as he pushed into her at the moment of her release. He growled in male satisfaction as she pulled and tightened her grip on his hair.

He wanted to taste and swallow the first orgasm he had caused her in real life, together, in person, relish the memory, the taste, the need of her and finally her delicious satisfaction as her pussy gripped and released his tongue and fingers.

He felt those glorious tremors on his fingers and rippling through her anal wall. She quivered and trembled as spasm after spasm racked her body. Her release was so powerful and strength sapping, it resonated throughout her body causing her legs, arms and whole body to shake.

Chad sensed the strength of it and knew this was the "Sally Sandbag effect ", once described to him online in a very intimate conversation he had had.

"Mmm ," he moaned with male pride at what he was causing and achieving.

Jessie was exhausted. She had never been so sated in her life. That orgasm was unbelievable!

Chad picked her up and carried her into the bedroom. He was not finished yet. His cock was throbbing so much, it was almost painful. He wanted her, and, he was going to have her.

He lay her on the edge of the bed, on her front , and bent her knees under her, so her beautiful pert bottom was uplifted to him. He made sure her head and arms were comfortable with a pillow.
