 My best friend, Vicki, was treating me to lunch, trying to cheer me up. I turned thirty today and my husband, Harry, was out of town at a lawyer's convention. We had finished our shrimp scampi and were both on our third glass of white wine. Vicki and I had been best friends since high school and knew each other's most intimate secrets. I could tell from the look in her eye she was cooking up some outrageous birthday surprise. Last year she had taken me to a male strip club. She ran her fingertip around the rim of her wine glass, and with a little smile, asked me, "So, how's your sex life?"

I answered with a shrug that said same-old, same-old. The truth was I'd never had an orgasm as they were described in books and magazines. I was a virgin when I'd married Harry. I was twenty five and he was forty and I'd married him because he made a lot of money. Not that we didn't have sex. Unless he was out of town, every night Harry would mount me in the missionary position and pump me with his penis until he ejaculated, only taking a few minutes, then he'd turn his back to me and fall asleep. That's how I finally answered Vicki's question. "If he's not out of town, we have sex every night."

This didn't satisfy her though. "So tell me Linda, how big is Harry's dick?"

"You've been to our house and you've seen him nude in our sauna and hot tub, so what's your question?"

"No Linda, I mean how big is his hard on?"

Of course I'd never actually measured him, so I had to think and visualize before I could answer. Holding my index fingers apart, I said, "Oh, about five inches long, maybe three inches around and an inch and quarter or so wide."

Vicki nodded her head knowingly and sat up straight in her chair as if she had decided on something. "Okay, I've decided that for your thirtieth birthday I'm going to loan you Tony for tonight. And if he fucks you as well as he fucks me, you can borrow him any time he's willing." Vicki wasn't married. Tony was the guy she lived with. He was eighteen, a handsome Italian kid, who managed a health club.

I wasn't taking her seriously, but I played along, "So, what you're telling me is that your boy toy is hung like a horse?"

"Depends on what horse you've ridden," she answered teasingly. "Tony's cock is seven inches along the top, eight inches from the eyehole to his balls, five inches around, two inches wide, and hard as oak. He can control when he comes so well that he can fuck you any way you like for as long as you like. He has big, full balls and when he comes deep inside you, he seems to pump forever, filling you up with sperm. And don't give me any crap about fidelity. I'll bet good old Harry is getting it tonight, and at two hundred dollars an hour!" Vicki asked for the check and told me that Tony would be at my house around eight.

***

Tony showed up wearing a polo shirt and jeans, both tight fitting, the shirt showing off his muscular chest and the jeans calling attention to the prominent bulge in his crotch. In the bedroom Tony undressed except for his snug red briefs. He had thick sensuous lips and kissed my mouth, neck, and breasts as he undressed me. After he had removed my panties, he took my hands and inserted my thumbs under the elastic of his briefs, encouraging me to pull them down. After I had, he turned slowly, preening for me.

Tony stood about five-ten, built like an Adonis, with a broad muscular chest tapering to a trim, flat stomach, a tight little butt, powerful looking legs, and small feet. I mentally compared him to my husband who was a little shorter and, although he worked out and kept his weight down, was still genetically pear shaped with a big fat butt. I was used to body hair, hubby even had it on his back! Tony's back was hairless. He kept the thick shock of black hair on his head cut short.

A dense mat of straight, glossy, black hair covered his chest with an arrow of the same running down to his navel. The same straight, black hair covered his muscular legs. Above his genitals grew a big, black bush, curly and frizzy from a recent shower. His genitals resembled those on the David statue by Michaelangelo. Hanging at rest, his penis was smaller than hubby's. Of course I'd never seen an uncircumcised penis before, so instead of a pink, acorn shaped tip, his ended in a wad of olive brown skin.

I lay on the bed on my back, parting my legs, expecting him to mount me in the usual way. Instead he got on top of me in reverse, straddling my head with his knees, supporting himself on his elbows, his face positioned above my crotch. His genitals hung down inches from my face. Although he let the hair around his asshole and above his penis grow wild, he kept the hair on his sack and at the base of his penis closely trimmed.

Still relaxed, his little penis hung down only half the length of his sack. As he licked and kissed the insides of my thighs, I stared up at what caused the bulge in his jeans. Tony had big, heavy looking balls, hanging down several inches from his crotch, bulging out his brown bag, dwarfing his limp dick. He spread open my pussy and began licking along the inside of my lips, making me feel warm and tingly down there. He gently licked around my clit, making me tense and anxious. Next he rubbed his nose in my cunt hole.

This apparently pricked his interest. His penis swelled and lengthened, rising up away from his balls in steady, rhythmic pulses as his heart filled his organ with blood. His balls moved around in their bag as if they were trying to climb closer to his crotch. I felt his sack. His balls were at least twice as big as hubby's, each a handful. His left was slightly larger than his right and hung lower in his bag. They felt like hard rubber eggs, smooth on the front with wormlike tubes on their backs. Tony's tube reservoirs felt thick and firm, packed full of sperm.

He changed position straddling my chest, his balls resting between my tits. He had a full hard on. Hubby's erection stood out at an angle slightly above level. Tony's, being twenty two years younger, stood almost vertical, throbbing to his heart beat. The foreskin was now stretched out exposing a purple tip with the little mouth in the center. I looked up at him and asked, "Does the end stay like that? My husband is Jewish so I've never seen one with the skin still on."

He answered by smiling and having me sit up against the headboard. Still straddling me, he took my hands and wrapped them around his shaft telling me to pull down. As I did the skin moved with my hands, snapping back over the rim, completely exposing the head. His shaft curved upward instead of being straight like hubby's. Also the head of Harry's penis is slightly smaller than the shaft. Tony's big purple acorn looked to be half an inch wider than his shaft. Stroking him, I discovered I could easily expose or cover the head with his skin. I saw nature's wisdom behind the design. Sure, it was designed to protect the sensitive glans, but I now learned what all uncut little boys learn at a young age. By wrapping his hand around his shaft and sliding the head in and out of the skin, a guy could create his very own personal, portable, and most importantly, always available cunt. The designer must have known that it's not always possible, nor desirable to deal with all the psycho baggage that comes with a cunt that's topped by a clit. I wondered if this flexible sheath might be the origin of the word "manhood". Vicki hadn't exaggerated. Tony had a thick, hard cock and it looked every bit of eight inches from the vee at the tip to where it joined his huge, virile balls.

He lay me on my back again and scooted down sticking his tongue in my cunt, getting it wet. He mounted me, holding my legs up and apart. I felt the big head of his dick push into my cunt, gradually spreading me open to accommodate its massive size. He stayed that way, with just his dickhead in me, while he licked and kissed my tits, making my nipples hard. He began fucking me slowly, going a little deeper with each thrust. He held my legs up closer to my chest and gave me all he had, stretching my cunt with his thick, hard, seven inch fucking stud. What I felt between my pussy lips was completely new to me. Word origins again: "fulfillment"? It's hard to describe, but it made me feel proud of my sex to hold the size and power of Tony's young cock in the firm grip of my cunt.

Relaxing my legs somewhat, Tony pulled out until just his cockhead was in my cunt mouth before pushing it all the way in, then almost all the way out again, treating my pussy with slow, firm fuck thrusts. He pleasured me like this for what seemed like fifteen minutes, gradually increasing his speed, then slowing down again. The feeling I liked best was when all of his cock was in me. It felt like warm waves rolling from my cunt to the top of my head and the tips of my toes. I wondered if this was an orgasm.

Tony must be a mind reader because he proceeded to answer my question. He pushed his erection all the way in and lowered my legs to the bed. This was a relief because my hip joints were hurting. Next he put his legs outside of mine and pushed my legs together with his knees. He pulled his body up toward the headboard, adjusting until he felt right, then he began fucking me again. As he thrust he could only give my cunt about half his length, but that was the whole idea. The inner half of his dick had become the business end. As he stroked me firmly and steadily, the thick trunk of his cock fucked my clit. I began to feel the warm waves again, but much more intensely. It was like all the sensation in my body was concentrated in my clit. I felt like I was exploding and cried out involuntarily, "Oooh Tony, fuckme-fuckme-fuckme! Don't stop! My pussy needs to be fucked!" I had never made noise while fucking before. I thought I was hearing the cries of a stranger. My clit throbbed and my cunt squeezed Tony's cock, trying to milk him. My stomach muscles spasmed in rhythm with my clit and cunt. Waves of the most intense pleasure I'd ever known radiated from my clit, rolling through my body as I cried out uncontrollably. As my orgasm subsided, Tony slowed his fucking until he was finally still. I gently felt my burning clit with my finger tips. It felt hot and hard, its erection swelling it to twice its size at rest. It felt like a little cock, its hard on increasing its length making the tip peek out from under its hood. I felt like an intense pressure inside me had been released. I felt something else, too: cheated. All those years settling for less than this! What a fool I'd been! He pulled me down the bed until my ass was at the edge. Kneeling on the floor, he held up my legs and licked up all my pussy cum.

"You sure know how to treat a girl right! Where did you learn to fuck like that?"

"Oh, I guess Vicki taught me most of what I know about how to make a woman's pussy glow."

"Wow! That was fantastic! Hey, it's your turn Tony. Do me any way you want, but can I ask a favor?"

"Oh yeah, what's that?"

"Well, when I was checking out your balls I noticed your sperm tubes are pretty full and you're young and virile... so, how many times do you think you'll cum this evening?"

"I'm probably good for three loads...so, what's the favor?"

"Okay, I want to see your first ejaculation. I'm on the pill, so after your first gusher, you can pump my cunt full of all the cream you've got left behind those big nuts. Okay?"

Tony smiled and nodded, "It's your birthday Linda, so if you want to see me shoot semen, I'll try to give you a good show, but first I want to fuck you from behind." He had me get on my hands and knees with my knees at the edge of the bed. He stood and mounted me from the rear, doggy style. He started slowly and built up speed, using the power of those muscular legs to ram his cock into me. Except for getting my cunt filled, I didn't get much out of this, but he seemed to really enjoy it. He fucked me hard and fast for several minutes. Looking back between my swinging tits, I had a good view of his big balls bouncing against my pussy. He pulled out and slipped two fingers into my cunt, plowing my pussy furrow with his thick shaft while fucking my clit with his big, purple cockhead. I came again. Not as intense as the first time, but it still felt pretty damn good! He turned me over, spread my legs wide, and mounted me. He was hot and sweaty and his eyes looked glazed. No slow start this time. He was under the complete control of his swollen cockhead. He rammed my cunt hard and fast for less than five minutes, then pulled out and stroked his cock in his fist, his manhood slipping back and forth over his giant, purple acorn. He let out a grunt from deep in his chest and streams of sperm laden cream pumped from his balls out of the mouth of his cock, raining down on my tits and stomach. Tony really put the jac in ejaculation. Like the rest of him, his cock muscle was in good shape. He squirted about twelve times. The first four or five squirts were so powerful that the spumes of semen arched out high over my stomach splatting down above, on, and between my tits. Even the next four or five pumped out hard enough to land five or six inches from his cock nozzle. The last two or three squirts still had a kick to them. Tony's cum looked off-white and thick as yogurt, sticking where it landed. And my god, there was a lot of it! I had big pools of his ball juice from my tits to my bush. He squeezed out one last dollop. Leaving his manhood covering his cockhead, he scooted up straddling me, dragging his balls back and forth in the pools until his pouch was dripping with concentrated testosterone.

He slipped a pillow under my head and straddled me with his testicles hanging over my face. "And now, it's my turn to ask a favor. Lick the cum off my balls." My pleasure, I thought. I wanted to taste his essence of sperm and massage his big balls with my mouth. After licking off any semen that was dripping, I slipped his right testicle into my mouth and explored with my tongue. His copious ejaculation hadn't diminished his sperm factories. It felt big and hard in my mouth. The tubes on the back and the knot where they connected to the top of his ball still felt firm and swollen with yet more millions of sperm, awaiting their chance to swim in a woman's cunt. His cum was almost odorless and tasted slightly like sea salt. After massaging his left ball, I peeled back his skin and sucked his cockhead clean.

"My balls are good for two or three more loads, so what do you want to do now?"

"I want to ride your big dick and feel him pump a big serving of testicle tartar sauce deep in my cunt. But first I'm gonna go shit and wash your cum off."

In the bathroom I sat on the toilet seat and squeezed out my dump. As I was wiping my asshole, Tony entered and stood three of four feet in front of the urinal. Holding his still plump penis between has left thumb and forefinger, he aimed at the porcelain. He yawned and scratched the back of his ball bag with his other hand. After ripping off a long, loud fart, he pissed a fat yellow stream that I thought would never stop. He shut off his flow, then splattered the urinal with several strong squirts, showing off his young cock muscle. Finally he cozied up to the urinal and slipped his glans in and out of its skin, squeezing out the last drops. Looking down at the big, brown turd in the commode, he observed, "I hate to be the one to tell you Linda, but it looks like you were full of shit."

"Very funny, and now you're pissed off. See, I can make corny jokes, too."

We showered together. Tony finished first and after toweling off, I returned to the bedroom. He lay on his back, elbows splayed, hands under his head. Tony was ready to be fucked. His twitching hard on reached from his balls to his navel. I kneeled over him and grabbed his shaft, pulling his erection vertical. Knowing it was about to get a good fucking, his big, purple head oozed pre-jac pussy lube from its little mouth. It tasted less salty than his cum. Holding his shaft firmly in my fist, I took his cockhead into my mouth, sucking and massaging it with my tongue. Its skin felt softer and smoother than hubby's. I wanted to suck him off later, but for now I just needed to get him wet. I held my breath and shoved him into my throat, rubbing my nose and eyelashes in his thick bush. I straddled him face to face, embracing his cockhead in my pussy lips. Used to his size from before, my cunt swallowed all seven inches easily. For a few seconds I sat with my asshole on his balls, enjoying the feeling of a full cunt. I'd never ridden cock before and found it great fun being the fucker instead of the fuckee. At first I rode him slowly, rising almost all the way off then back down taking it all. I found this was the perfect position for a woman to learn to control her orgasm. I learned that by sitting all the way down on him and rocking to and fro, rolling his balls with my butt, and using my clit as a cock fucking his shaft, I could come in strong orgasmic waves at will. After I rode him for half an hour and came three times, I decided it was his turn. "Okay, now I want to fuck you off. Instructions please." It occurred to me that a guy would never ask that. They were supposed to be born knowing how to service pussy and get a woman off? How absurdly unfair to men.

"Simple," Tony replied, "just reverse your position and ride my cock in long steady strokes, fucking me harder and faster until I come."

"Okay, but may I ask why that position?"

"Well first the way it feels. The back of your cunt riding the top of cockhead feels especially nice. Then too, I guess I'm a sight hound. Seeing your big, beautiful ass bobbing up and down and your pussy hugging my cockshaft...well, it probably stimulates some primitive part of my brain compelling me to sow my seed in your cunt."

Tony put pillows under his head to get a good view as I serviced him with my pussy and cunt. I fucked him with full strokes, rising until just his cockhead was in me, then sitting, ramming him hard up my cunt. I sat up straight, arching my back, like riding a horse. My hands were free so I massaged his balls. He seemed to like it when I tickled the ridge between his sack and his asshole. As I fucked him harder and faster, I heard his breathing get shallower, then he moaned as his orgasm took control. His cock got bigger and harder as I ground against him, burying his swollen purple head as deep as I could. I stopped fucking and used only my cunt muscles to milk him. Under my fingertips I felt his cock muscle contract and pump sperm from his balls. I squeezed him in my cunt and felt his cock throb. It pumped and pumped and pumped, flooding my carnal canal with spermy crotch cream. I wondered if this was the way a man felt when he serviced a woman. I felt like a stud. I'd used my sex to give a virile, well hung man the ultimate pleasure. I dismounted and stood to get blood circulating in my legs. Rivers of cum streamed down my thighs. Tony had me lie on my back as he kneeled on the floor and ate my pussy. I felt pretty well sated, but he worked me over with his lips and tongue until my pussy lips swelled and my girl cock had a hard on. Tony must have known I was close. He shoved his tongue up my cunt and rubbed my hard clit with his nose. The force of my orgasm surprised me, considering how many times I'd already come.

We went to the rec room and got in the hot tub, letting the warm jets of water wash off the mixture of spit, ball cum, and pussy cum, and giving his dick and nuts time to recharge. "So what did you like best about your birthday present, Linda?", Tony asked.

I thought a second. "Well I finally found out how great it feels to come..and come..and come....Also I liked the feeling of power I got from fucking you and controlling your cum. Is that how a man feels when he services a woman?"
