 I have always been self-conscious of my tits. Quite large with sensitive nipples, they are wonderful playthings and look scrumptious in a good bra. My breasts, however, are the quintessential 'natural' breasts. Released from their underwire-bound restraints, they are heavy, full, and jiggle at the slightest touch or movement. I always envied the round, proud fake tits I see at the beach or in my favorite porn. I felt mine were inferior because they were not firm and unmoving.

Until the other night with you.

I brought you home with me. As I fumbled with my keys, you squeezed my tits, grinding your hard cock against my ass through our clothing. All night it was apparent you couldn't wait to get your hands on my breasts, and the moment had finally arrived. The second we were inside, you ripped off my shirt and pulled my bra straps down off my shoulders, releasing my tits into your hands. Usually I keep my bra on during sex whenever possible. In fact, I keep a bra on pretty much all the time, even sleeping in a sports bra. This sudden exposure of the girls to your waiting gaze made me uncomfortable. I reached for the lightswitch, one hand moving to cover what I was sure would be a disappointment to you. 

Without moving your eyes from my breasts, you turned the light back on and moved me away from the switch. We were still both completely dressed, except for my bared breasts. You sat on the edge of my bed and drew me close. You pulled my shoulders until I was leaning over you. My tits fell against your face. You moaned into them, lifting them with your hands as you buried your face between them. Your thumbs circled my nipples, hardening them further. I forgot my inhibitions as the pleasure of your touch and of your desire washed over me. I wrapped my hands around the back of your head, pressing you into my breasts. My pussy ached, but this was so good it could have gone on forever and I wouldn't have minded. I gasped as you gave a little pinch to my left nipple, and I loosened my hold on your head. You pulled your head back and stared again at my tits. This time your attention does not make me reach for the lights. Instead, I flush all over in response to the look on your face.

You looked into my eyes; you saw me watching you. Staring directly into my face, you lifted my left breast – the one you had pinched – up to your mouth. Your tongue circled my nipple. I whimpered. Then, keeping your eyes on mine, you drew my nipple deep into your mouth. Your other hand worked my right nipple between your fingers as you squeezed my breast. It was too much to fit in your hand. 

Suddenly, with a wink and a pinch, you drew away from me. You stood up, then gently shoved me down onto the bed. You removed my shorts and panties, as well as my bra that was still loosely hooked around me. I lay naked on the bed, legs closed demurely, arms over my head to enhance my tits. You stood beside the bed, staring at me as you removed your own clothes. I could see the tasty drop of liquid on the tip of your cock. It was so hard that just looking at it made me flush all over again. You lay down on top of me and touched the tip of your tongue to each nipple before rolling me over on top of you. You pushed me into an upright position before thrusting your cock into me. My pussy was so wet by this time that no preamble or gentility was required. You were fucking me hard and fast, and I was slamming my pussy down on you hard and fast to match. I had my eyes closed, moaning and crying out with the pleasure of your cock inside of me. I became aware, however, of my tits bouncing, slapping against my skin as I rode your cock. I moved my hands up to support my breasts and I felt your hands reach up and pull mine away. I opened my eyes and looked down at you. Your eyes were focused on my tits, watching them bounce and sway with the rhythm of our fucking. You released my hands, returning yours to my hips, thrusting me down on you. Your eyes never left my breasts. I started riding you more energetically, moving my body to make my tits bounce and jiggle as much as possible. I reached up with my hands, but this time I gently tweak each nipple, hardening them, before placing my hands behind my head. At this display, your eyes became darker. You moaned and your thrusting became heavier. Your reaction to my breasts sent me over the edge. I screamed and shuddered as the orgasm washed over me. I kept my eyes on you, watching you watch my breasts shake with the power of my orgasm. You shoved me down on your cock so hard it hurt as you came inside of me. 

For the first time in years, I slept without a bra on, bare-breasted, with the air conditioning teasing my nipples. In the morning we said our goodbyes but made plans to get together again that night. 

As I got up and started to get ready for the day, I thought maybe I should leave my bras in the drawer, and let my big beautiful tits be free. I donned a thin t-shirt and started to get things ready for another date that evening.