 "Did I wake you?"

"No I was just lying here playing with myself."

I was talking to one of my sisters-in-law, Karen. I have had sex with her before, so my comment was not that bad.

"What are you doing today? With everyone going to the Zoo, I thought you might want to get together."

"Sure, but I thought you were going."

"Decide not to. I told them I would meet them for dinner at my parents place. Why don't we go up there, and swim."

"Sounds good, how about in a couple of hours."

"See you then."

I jumped into the shower, finished jerking off, and was up at my in-laws ahead of Karen. I got the pool ready. I had just dived in when Karen pulled up. 

Karen is 5 years older, and has a 38dd chest. She walked up to me and gave me a big kiss. I felt her hand inside my suit, as she started to bring my dick to life.

"I have thought about your hard cock, a lot the last week."

"I didn't think we would do this again so soon."

Karen pulled down my shorts, and sat in the closest chair and started to suck my cock.

The pool is in a spot were no one can see you from the street, and the neighbors are .5 miles away. 

I pulled Karen up, and removed her clothes. We went into the pool.

I had Karen sit on the side, as I ate her hairy pussy. 

"Fuck, I love your tongue." Karen said as she pulled my head deeper in to her pussy.

"I could eat your pussy all day."

I decide to stop and I pulled her into the pool.

I pressed Karen into the side of the pool, as I entered her. I sucked her big tits as I fucked her.

"Harder, I'm close, Harder."

Karen put her head back, as she came. 

I pulled out, and we moved out of the pool.

I grabbed a towel, as we headed for the backyard.

Karen got on her hands, and knees and I entered her from behind. I grabbed her big ass as I fucked her pussy.

I started to play with her ass, as I continued to fuck her.

Karen was getting close to another orgasm. 

I kept fucking her till her had calmed down from her 2nd.

"I want you to cum in my mouth. Stand up."

I stood in front of her. As I stood there naked in the yard, with Karen sucking my dick, it didn't take long.

I shot my load into her hungry mouth. Karen swallowed it all.

We then went back into the pool to relax. 

Karen got out and went into the house. I followed behind her. As we entered the kitchen, I grabbed her from behind.

"What do you think you are doing?"

"Just enjoy."

I started to kiss the back of her neck, as I caressed her breasts. I kissed down her back till I reached her ass. I spread her cheeks and ran my tongue down her crack until I reached her asshole. Karen then bent over a bit to give me better access to her ass. 

I licked around her hole, and then slid my tongue inside her.

"That feels great."

I just kept going. I started to fuck her ass hole with my tongue as I did that I played with her pussy. I then pulled out my fingers and slowly inserted them into her ass.

"Faster, fuck my ass with your fingers, make me cum."

Karen started to play with her pussy as I continued the rimming and fingering of her ass.

"Fuck I'm Cumming."

I stuck my tongue into her ass as far as I could.

Karen then turned around and pulled me to my feet.

"Let's go upstairs, and you can fuck my big ass."

We went into the spare room. Karen sucked my cock to get it wet. Then she got on her back.

I first slid into her pussy, pumping her as hard as I could.

"I'm ready, Fuck my ass now!"

I pulled out and pushed the head of my cock into her ass. I worked into her. I was soon fucking her ass hard. I watched as Karen played with her pussy. She had another orgasm.

"Where do you want me to cum?" I asked

"Pull out and cum all over my ass when I turn over."

I pumped her about 10 more times, and then pulled out and Karen turned over, I shot all over her ass.

I then collapsed beside her.

I then rubbed my cum all over her nice big butt. 

"You look so good covered in my cum."

"You say that to all your sisters-in-law you fuck."

"Doesn't make it any less true."

The phone rang, and we knew the family, were on there way home.

"We have about 90 minutes till they get here. I'm going to have a shower."

I gave Karen a kiss and left her on the bed.

I jumped into the shower. This shower is big. It could fit 3 or four people, has a bench, and is made with glass, so you can see right in.

I stood in the water for 5 minutes, and then Karen came in.

"Mind if I join you?"

"Of course not."

Karen kissed me long and hard.

"You ready for one more time?" I asked her.

Karen just sat on the bench and spread her legs.

I moved out of the water and got on the knees and dove in. Karen was so fucking wet.

We switched places, and Karen mounted me. She had her back to me, so I reached around to play with her tits. 

"Fuck I'm Cumming again." Karen yelled out at the top of her lungs.

After she calmed down she got off me.

We switch places again.

"Now jerk off till you cum all over my tits."

I grabbed my hard cock and played with it for her. I shot my last load all over her tits. 

We got cleaned up and went down stairs to wait for everyone to get home.