 The doorbell rings. I answer it wearing one of my new purchases from earlier today. The red corset cinches in my waist but leaves my tits exposed to the evening air. The meager shelf bra incorporated into the corset cannot support my breasts, which spill out over the top of it. The red and black garter belt frames my round ass, the black seamed stockings and platform heels laced up to my knees complete the look. As I open the door, however, you do not notice my ass, my legs, my exposed pussy. You seem to forget everything except my tits as you drop to your knees kneading and sucking on them. Your tongue teases my nipples as your hands squeeze and rub my tits. I am aware that we are still in the open doorway. I feel the cool air on my wet nipples and moist pussy. My head is back and my eyes are closed, but I am aware of the sound of traffic driving by. 

After a few blissful moments, you stand and push me inside. I close the door as a pair of joggers go by, craning their necks to get a better view. Your eyes widen as we enter my room and you see the major part of today's project. I have spent most of the afternoon hanging mirrors on every available wall surface in my bedroom. You look around you and smile. You look up. Yes, I've installed a mirror on the ceiling as well. I want to watch my tits from every angle as you fuck me and I want to watch you watching my tits.

You turn me away from you and bend me over slightly. I place my hands on the mirror in front of me. My breasts sway away from me. You grind against me. I can feel your hard cock through your pants as you reach around to lift my tits with your hands. I watch your face in the mirror as your eyes are glued to my breasts. You lightly flick my nipples. I can't stand it. I moan, turn to face you and start fumbling with the button on your jeans. You push me gently away from you and quickly remove your clothes. Your cock is so hard. I drop to my knees and suck it into my mouth. My hands move to my breasts while your hands grip my head. I swallow your cock as deeply as I can. I can feel you pushing against the back of my throat as I fight my gag reflex. I cannot breathe but I cannot get enough of your cock in my mouth. With a few last good strokes, I reluctantly pull my head off of your dick and then eagerly raise my tits up to it. I look up at you as I rub my breasts on your dick. I reach over to the bedside table and grab the oil. You reach for it, wanting to apply the oil to me, but I pull it away from you. You can only stand watching as I pour the cold oil on my breasts, massage it in, and pour more on. Soon my tits are slick and shiny with oil.

Suddenly, you lift me off the floor and fling me onto the bed. You straddle my chest, grab my tits and slide your dick between them. I watch in the ceiling mirror as you hold my tits together, pinching the nipples, fucking them. Your cock feels so good between my tits. Your hands are killing me. I cannot take my eyes off the image in the mirror as you fuck my tits faster and harder, panting until your hot cum sprays all over my tits. You look down at me. I look up at you, raising my tits up so I can lick some of the cum off of them. The rest I massage in.

It was amazing. I had been longing for a titfuck from you since last night. Still, I had been hoping for a little more play time tonight. You seem to know what I'm thinking and you tell me not to worry. 

You lie on your back, and tell me to sit on your face. I straddle your head, and without any gentleness or lead-in, your mouth finds my clit and sucks on it. Your arms wrap around my thighs. I grind my pussy into your face. In the mirror, my tits are swaying and quivering. Your tongue slides up and down my pussy, licking deep into me. It flicks my clit hard before you suck on it once more. My fingers find my still-oily nipples as you work my clit with your mouth. My body tenses and I feel the orgasm approach. As the orgasm stabs through my body, I am certain I must be drowning you. Juices gush from me as my breasts heave with pleasure. You hold my thighs tight, not letting me move away from you until every last spasm has stopped. 

Exhausted and happy, I fall onto the bed. You tell me we're not done yet, and I can see by your rock hard cock that this is the truth. I raise myself on all fours, facing away from you. You grab my hips and thrust your cock into me. Our eyes meet in the mirror. I am sweaty, oily and shiny. You brush my hair away from my face and kiss the back of my neck. You slowly slide your cock into and out of me, and we both watch my tits move with each thrust. You fuck faster, and my tits sway faster with the rhythm of it. Before the hard fucking starts, however, you roll us over. Now you are on your back and I am riding your cock sitting up, facing away from you. You fuck harder and my tits bounce astoundingly. You pull my shoulders back towards you, so I am almost laying down on top of you, both of us facing the mirror on the ceiling. Now I can watch my tits bounce as you fuck me, and I can also clearly see your dick sliding in and out of my pussy. My corset is shiny with oil and straining. The garters frame my pussy. We can see that your cock is slick and wet with my juices and I watch as it thrusts in again and again, faster and faster. My breasts ache for you to touch them, but that would restrict their movement. We both watch my huge, oily tits bounce and rock as we watch your dick fucking my pussy. I am getting close. I reach down with one hand, moving it toward the place our bodies meet. I feel your cock disappearing into me. I circle my fingers around your cock as my palm puts relentless pressure on my clit. I cum almost instantly, my tits shaking with my spasms. 

I barely have time to relax when you stand beside the bed and tell me to suck your cock. I kneel in front of you and once again take your dick into my mouth. I lick all of my pussy juice off of it, and hungrily devour more. I take it deeper and deeper, my hands gripping your ass to pull your cock into my mouth farther. I can't get enough of it, when suddenly you grip my head and push me away. I look up at you. You stare down at me, at my tits, stroking your throbbing cock. I can't take my eyes off it. I lift my breasts with my hands, offering them up to you. You pump your cock faster. I look up at your face, watching my tits. I lick my lips and gently pinch my nipples. The sight of that sends you off the edge and you cum explosively all over my tits once again. It doesn't seem possible, but it's even more than earlier. Your load spews hot all over my tits. Finally your orgasm finishes. You reach down and wipe some of your cum off my tits with your fingertips. You put your fingers in my mouth and I suck the cum from them. 

Exhausted, we lie on the bed, on top of the covers. You fall asleep with your hand on my breast. I lie in bed looking at our reflection in the ceiling mirror for a long time before I drift off as well.