 I have always loved big tits. There is something about seeing breasts that are trying to escape a woman's shirt that is a turn-on to me. I got a pleasant surprise at work. Our company hired a new person. Her name was Kathy. Kathy is a big girl and she has these giant melons.

I was outside the building on break one day. Kathy came over and struck up a conversation with me. I got the impression she was trying to impress me. One look at her chest was all it took. I thought the shirt she was wearing would rip open. Kathy was asking probing questions. Did I have a girlfriend, was one of them.

When I told her I didn't, her face lit up. On Thursday nights some of the employees like to head over to a nearby bar for some drinks. I was surprised to see Kathy there. There was an open seat next to me and Kathy sat down. I tried not to be too obvious but I was looking over Kathy's body. I think she knew I was interested.

It was late and I was ready to go. I walked outside and Kathy followed me out. She asked if I would walk over to her car. She was parked out on the edge of the lot. Kathy motioned for me to get in her car. I wondered what was going on. Once I got inside, Kathy was all over me.

She had her hand on my crotch and was feeling me outside my pants. We did manage some kisses. The best part was next. Kathy moved away and pulled off her top. She unsnapped her bra and those tits came tumbling out. Those had to be the biggest set of breasts I ever saw live.

Kathy said to pull off my pants. Thankfully it was dark outside and no one was near. I got my pants down around my ankles. Kathy wrapped her lips around my shaft and began to suck me off. Once I was semi-erect, Kathy took both tits and surrounded my cock with them. She squeezed my prick and rubbed me up and down.

Needless to say, I was getting worked up. My seven inch cock was standing straight up. A few minutes of that and I was getting close.

"Let me know when are going to cum," she told me.

I held on for as long as I could.

"I'm really close!" I told her.

Kathy pulled her tits away. She lowered her face and took me in her mouth. I sent my hot load deep down her throat. I could see Kathy swallowing my spunk. I kept spitting out streams of cum and Kathy took it all down. My ball ached as Kathy got the last of my cum load down into her belly.

I couldn't recall ever getting sucked off like that before. Kathy pulled away and licked her lips.

"You were full, weren't you?"

I guess I was. We put our clothes back on. Kathy gave me a final kiss with her cum stained lips.

"I'll see you at work tomorrow," she told me.

I couldn't sleep that night. Kathy was on my mind. What had I gotten myself into? Sure enough, the next day Kathy saw me at break time.

"Did you recover from last night?" She asked.

"Barely," I told her. "There's more where that came from," she replied.

Kathy pulled out a notepad and a pen. She gave me her phone number and said I should call her. I knew if I did that, things would get out of control in short order. When I got home that night I stared at the phone number. I finally broke down and called.

"I was hoping you might call tonight."

Kathy asked me if I would like to drop by her apartment that night. What can I say? I was weak. I drove to the address she gave me. I rang the bell and the door opened. There stood Kathy totally naked. She pulled me inside. We stood and kissed. I could feel her big melons pressed into my chest. Kathy led me back to her bedroom.

I stripped out of my clothes and joined Kathy on her bed. There wasn't much foreplay, to be honest. Kathy pulled me on top of her body. My dick was brushing up against her mound. Kathy was moaning loudly.

"I need you to fuck me hard Kevin."

I took hold of my dick and found her opening. I pushed in with one smooth motion. Kathy was right. She needed to be fucked hard that night. I gave her deep piston-like thrusts. Her thick pussy was sopping wet. Kathy pulled my face down to her tits. I bit and chewed on each of her nipples.

Kathy pushed her mound up every time I pushed into her damp hole. It was like she couldn't get enough cock from me. I knew she was having these intense orgasms. Her muscles were clamping down hard and then releasing my rod.

"I want you to cum in me," she pleaded. 

Kathy didn't have long to wait. A few more strokes and I let go. I sent a hot stream of my seed into her greedy hole. Kathy squeezed me hard and got every bit of cum out. She did have a violent orgasm. I thought she was going to throw me off her body. 

I kept stroking Kathy until we both managed to calm down. I rolled over and Kathy tried to recover. She reached down and scooped some of our juices onto her fingers. She brought it to her mouth and she tasted our love offering.

I did stay the night with Kathy. I woke up early so I could go home and change. Before I left, Kathy gave me head. I really didn't think I had anything left in the tank. Kathy was sucking me right down to the root. She was also squeezing my balls. Somehow she managed to make me give her a small load of my cum. She drank my white liquid down and then I headed for home.

I was running on empty that day at work. Kathy wanted me to stop by that night but I had to beg off. Kathy was a dynamo in bed. That much I was sure of. Yes, we continued seeing each other. Most weekends were spent in my bed or hers. Kathy needed fucked regularly. I was barely up to the task.

She did like one position in particular. She liked it from behind. She would pile up some pillows and bury her face in them. I would place my hands on her shoulders. I would pull her body back and I would slide into her hot love tunnel.

I could enter her hard and deep that way. Kathy was very vocal. She often begged me to take her and seed her pussy. It didn't take much before I gave her that wish. Kathy would arch her body when she felt me explode. Her tits would be flopping all over when she orgasmed that way.

Kathy tells me that I am the best lover she ever had. She doesn't want anyone else. We haven't taken the next step yet. She wants to move in with me. Maybe even go a few steps more. I am not quite ready for that. For now I am quite content to be fucking my big titted girlfriend nightly.