 It was time for me to face the truth; I was not the young man I once was. I had let myself go and just didn't feel good anymore, so I decided to change that. I even tried some sit ups. I knew it would take more then that, but I was never one to go to the gym and work out. I had to find something else. A friend at work knew of my struggle and suggested bike riding. I laughed. I was so out of shape I wouldn't make it across the parking lot. 

After two weeks I was doing pretty good I thought. I was eating better and had cut back on my drinking some. I was getting better with the sit-ups too, but there wasn't much change. I knew running would kill my shins and knee's, and the gym was still not for me. The bike riding crossed my mind again. I really didn't see how bike riding was going to help me. At least it would be easy to do.

I started to ride every day, not far at first, then further, and further as the days progressed. By now I felt I was ready to go to the park that was near by. I checked out the many trails they had and I found out just how hard they were. The flat trails were good. The dips were fast and the inclines were bad, I had to walk them. So I found my new goal, small it may be, it was mine. 

I rode every day before work, building up myself to meet my challenge. The more I rode the better I felt, and my friends could see a change in me also. I got to the point to where I would ride my bike to the park rather then haul it on the bike rack. After a few weeks of riding I started to see the same people everyday while riding. We would nod in passing but I never really took time to talk to them. 

Less then a week later was when I saw a new face, or back as it were. She came riding past me in a flash and rode on. She looked very tight in her bike shorts and had long brown hair pulled into a ponytail. I knew I would have never caught her, but the thought did cross my mind, as well as other thoughts. As the weeks passed I got leaner and in better shape. I saw the brunette pass me every time. I was closer to keeping up now, but she still would disappear ahead of me. I rode on till I came to a rest point and decided to stop for some water and stretch. Something was off in the trees something moving. Thinking it was a deer, I looked hard to see if it was. It looked more like a person, but there weren't any trails out in that area. Shrugging it off I went on with my ride. 

It was about twenty minutes later when I could hear a rider coming up from the rear. As they approached I moved to one side to let them pass as always, but no one came by. I looked over my shoulder to see the brunette that I had seen pass me before. As I turned my eyes back up the trail she came along side of me. 

I nodded and said hi, just trying to be polite. She bluntly asked me, "Were you watching me?" That took me by complete surprise so I slowed and stopped. She could see the puzzled look on my face and said again, "Were you watching me back there at the stop?"

Now I was completely stunned, I finally spoke up and told her I did not know what she was talking about. She saw the look in my eyes and knew I was being honest. From my look she realized just how rude she sounded then told me she had gone off the path to be alone and saw someone watching her. 

Then it hit me, and I told her that it was me she had seen, I had stopped for a break then saw movement in the trees and thought it was a deer or something. I had no intention of spying, and apologized. She seemed to calm down at that point.

She asked if I would like to ride with her for a while, I said sure. We rode slow and talked about normal things and got to know about each other. Nothing to in depth but still it was interesting. I told her I ride here just about everyday. She said me it was one of her favorite parks. As we neared the end of the trail I told her I hoped I would see her again.

For the next week I rode everyday in hopes I would catching her, but never did. I began to think I had scared her off. The following week I had a day off and went for my ride about an hour later. I had just got on the trail when someone pulled up beside me. I saw it was her. She looked at me and smiled and said, "Well I see I finally found you." She went on that she had been here just about everyday riding and looking for me. As we talked we worked it out that we were riding at different times, just missing each other. We both rode together for a short distance then she motioned for me to pull up and stop. She said, "I want to show you something." 

Confused I said, "Ok." She looked behind us to see if the trail was clear, then quickly left the trail into the woods. I quickly followed her. I asked her where we were going, and she turned and placed a finger to her lips to silence me. We pushed our bikes in between the saplings until I couldn't see the trail anymore. As we neared a small clearing she laid her bike down and took off her helmet. She said, "This is my hiding place." I laid my bike down beside hers.

As I stood there I could hear nothing but the birds and air moving through the trees. No cars, no people no other noise at all, just nature, I was amazed. As I turned toward her, she was letting her hair down, I did not know just how long and soft it was under her helmet; it hung just past her shoulders. 

She looked at me smiling and said, "This is where I take my breaks." I told her it was better then the bench on the side of the trial and with that she pulled off her shirt reveling a sports bra enclosing a pair of firm tits. She went on to strip off her bike shorts to revel a modest pair of red panties. 

She looked at me and laughed, I was standing there staring with my mouth open. She walked toward me saying, "I like to be close to nature." Wrapping her arms around me our lips met in a deep kiss, our tongues exploring each other's. I lost all thought of where we were and took to the moment. She shed my clothes down to my boxers in seconds, while kissing wildly over my body. 

She stopped, stepped back and held a finger to her lips as before, pointing off to the corner of the clearing. As I turned to look I saw a doe. When I turned back I saw something more to my liking, she had stripped off the rest of her clothes and was touching herself. My cock was straining at the site of her rubbing and caressing herself. Unleashed, her tits were larger then I thought, her nipples were as big as the tip of my little finger as she squeezed and pinched them. I moved my eyes down and could see her hand rubbing her pussy, she was clean-shaven except for a small patch at the top. Her moist pussy had left her fingers glistening.

She seemed to be in a trance staring at the deer till she looked at me and said, "FUCK ME!" I went to her and she pulled me down onto our clothes. I tried to kiss her and play with her, but she looked at me with an intense look and said, "FUCK ME NOW!" She was ready and wanted it NOW, so I yanked off my shorts and got between her legs. She was on her back holding her thighs to her shoulders with her pussy to open for me. I rubbed the head to wet it then slammed in full stroke making her gasp. She let out a low guttural growl as she hissed out, "MORE!" This girl was an animal and I was enjoying it. 

The harder I slammed her the more she liked it. I had her feet up behind her head and her hands had a grip on my ass cheeks driving me in. I was so intent on fucking her I didn't even move my hands to play with her tits or ass. I saw her tits bouncing with every thrust and wanted to suck them but didn't. I knew I was not going to last much more. She wrapped her legs around me pulling me in hard and deep and bucking under me trying to pull me in deeper. Her legs were strong from riding and she squeezed me tight.

I shot hard and deep into her wet walls as she orgasmed under me. It was not till we caught our breath did I roll off and lie beside her. As she sat up she took my hand and pulled me up. There at the edge of the clearing was seven doe's grazing. She turned to me and kissed me, then whispered that it was time to go. We dressed as quietly as we could and slowly stood. To my surprise the deer were still there. We picked up our bikes and made our way to the bike path. As I looked back the deer moved into the area we had just left. 

When we got to the trail, she was on her bike and ready to go, turning to say bye, she left as fast as she had shown up.