 Meeting you in that bar on Friday reminded me of the one time that I went into a bar totally alone. I had been extremely depressed about my relationship with Bob and while driving home from work I decided I needed to do something to shake myself out of that depression. I decided to go into a bar and sit and have a drink at the bar all by myself. I had never done that before. I had only ever walked into a bar alone when I expected to meet someone there.

I stopped at this really nasty looking bar and by nasty I mean the kind that had 20 motorcycles parked outside. I have no idea why I chose that one. I was dressed in a business suit and would be very conspicuous, but I didn’t care or maybe I really didn’t give it much thought.

I walked in and without really looking anyone in the eye, I headed for the first empty stool and sat down. The bartender came over and asked me what I wanted to drink. I was grateful that the music wasn’t too loud so I didn’t have to stand up and lean in closer to him so he could hear that I wanted a Coors Light (of course).

I gulped down the entire bottle of beer and the bartender immediately brought me another one. I drank half of that one before I had the courage to glance at the two guys sitting on either side of me. The guy to my right was too busy talking to his friend to notice me. I was startled to see the guy on my left was reading a book. He was too busy reading his book to notice that I was looking at him. He was wearing black leather pants and a white tight-fitting t-shirt. He was bald with a wide, very tanned face. His arms were extremely muscular and hard. I was over come with the ache of the need to fuck someone and my panties became wet. 

I was embarrassed by my immediate attraction to this stranger so I averted my eyes and glanced over his shoulder at the dance floor. I spontaneously spit out my beer all over him. The dance floor was filled with all men. I had walked into a gay bar, a gay, biker bar no less!

The poor guy reading the book put it down and started to clean off the beer that had sprayed in a fine mist all over him from my mouth. I furiously apologized and began wiping him off with a wad of napkins I had grabbed. I kept saying, “I am so sorry, I am so sorry,” while I attempted to dry him off. During my frantic clean-up my hand brushed his crotch and my face turned very hot. I didn’t know if it was from having touched a total stranger’s leather covered penis or from the fact this total stranger was experiencing a hard-on! He grabbed my hand and held it to his crotch. I felt his cock get even larger. My mouth dropped open as I stared down at the bulge in his pants. He grabbed my head and pulled it close to him. He placed his lips close to my ear and whispered, “I’m not gay. Now you need to clean me up.”

He took my hand and pulled me into the ladies restroom. It was empty. He ripped open his shirt and said, “Clean me off.” To tell you the truth, I was still in shock so I did the very first thing that jumped into my head. I started licking the beer off his chest. My licking turned to sucking and small bites and I heard him moan. 

I shoved my hand down the front of his leather pants and it was my turn to moan. He had no underwear on. I stroked his cock up and down and moaned again at the smoothness of his large, hard cock.

As I continued to pump his cock gently, he pulled my face to his and kissed me hard on the lips. He sucked my tongue into his mouth and held it hard. I don’t know how, but he thrust his hands under my skirt and ripped the panty hose off my body. He tossed the stockings onto the floor. He held me tight around the waist with his left arm and in one motion shoved his right hand down into my panties and his middle finger into my pussy. My knees buckled as my pussy clenched around his finger. He held me up so I wouldn’t fall and I raised my right foot and braced it against the sink. He shoved his finger into my pussy even further and begin to stroke it in and out. My pussy was so wet I felt it drip down the inside of my thigh.

I quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. I placed both of my hands around his cock. My right hand held it taut around the base. My left hand stroked his cock up and down. I teased the head by twirling my thumb around it. The feel of the moist tip of his cock made me want him more. I let go of his cock and pulled his hands out of my panties. I got down on my knees and grabbed his cock again. I put my mouth on the tip of his penis and slowly sucked it all the way into my mouth.

He tasted so good. I licked and sucked and pulled on his cock for at least five minutes. Each time I had his entire cock in my mouth he would say ‘fuck’ in a low growl. Just when I thought I was about to taste his cum, he pulled my head off his cock. He lifted me up and turned us around so I was facing the sink. He bent me at the waist and tore my underwear off.

I spread my legs wide and raised my ass against him. I braced myself against the mirror above the sink with my hands as he shoved his cock into my pussy from behind. He slowly pulled his cock out to the very tip and then shoved it in hard again. As he slowly pulled out and shoved in hard, his finger twirled my clit. It was my turn to whisper ‘fuck’.

My entire body shook as I came with the flick of his finger on my clit and his cock deep inside my pussy. My pussy tightened around his cock with my orgasm and he came so hard I could feel his cum hit the inside of my pussy. We stood there with his cock inside of me for a few minutes trying to slow down our breathing.

I leaned against the mirror with my eyes closed as he slowly pulled out of me. I listened to the sound of his zipper going up. With my eyes still closed, he turned me around and pulled me close to him. He kissed my lips and his tongue found mine. We kissed for a minute more and then he pulled away. He left the bathroom buttoning his shirt.

My panties and stockings were too destroyed to wear so I threw them into the trash and pulled my skirt down. I walked out of the ladies room and looked around the room. He was gone. I walked by the bar and saw that he had left money for my beer. 

I walked out of the bar and got into my car. I went home and slept more soundly that I had in a very long time. My problems were not solved, but I was able to look at things a bit differently after that and didn’t take life quite so seriously all the time.