 I'm on the email list of the local nudist resort and weekly I receive an email outlining the activities for the upcoming week. Most of the functions take place on the weekends and the latest email offered a biker day on Saturday. It proclaimed that all should wear their biker gear and stay for the dance that evening.

I ride a big powerful sport touring bike and my sexy girlfriend Michelle will often join me on my rides. Michelle is a stunning green eyed blond with a killer body. She stands about 5'4" with a flat tummy and gorgeous tits with long hard nipples. She keeps her pubic hair nicely trimmed exposing the sweetest tasting pussy lips you'll ever want to lick. When she gets aroused her pussy gets so wet it drips. And, if her ass is being squeezed her pussy opens like a flower in the sun.

We dressed in chaps, leather vests and boots. I had added the removable saddle bags to carry our towels, etc and we rolled out to join the fun for a day in the sun and a night of dancing.

We made it to the resort without being pulled over, unloaded our gear and strolled onto the property with everything in plain view. I noticed that Michelle left a wet spot on her seat. 

Most of the folks wore gear similar to ours with a few nipple chains thrown in and each vest smaller and more revealing than the next. Claiming two lounge chairs we stripped down for a day of playing in the pools and getting to know the other bikers. 

As the sunset darkened the crowd gathered in the dance hall and bar. I was drinking soda so I could safely ride home that night but Michelle loved her white wine. I'm a really lousy dancer but I know Michelle loves to get out there and shake it. She was always being asked to dance by other guys and she accepted almost every request. As the dancing got hotter so did the atmosphere and most of the women shed their vests. Michelle was right there with them so now she was rubbing her bare tits against the chests of her dance partners. The lights were turned low and the wine flowed and eventually Michelle returned to our bar stools with a dance partner in tow. She pointed him to the empty stool on the left as I sat on her right and introduced him as Juan and a great dancer.

She leaned into me and whispered that she had been dancing a lot with Juan and during the slow dances his semi hard dick rested between her legs. It was then that I realized that Juan was only about 5'8" tall and nicely built and probably in his late 30s and handsome. His skin was smooth from his chin to his toes and a light caramel color. Michelle told me he was the perfect height to allow her tits to press against his chest and his hands to grasp her butt cheeks while they danced. I leaned over to say "hi" and noticed that Michelle's left hand was resting on his thigh and that Juan was sporting the start of a nice chubby. I suggested that we refill our drinks and step outside to cool off.

We took our drinks out to the ramada and settled on three lounge chairs. Juan explained that he was from Sonora, Mexico and that he rode up that day to enjoy the resort. We could still hear the music and Juan asked Michelle for another dance and she jumped up to join him. I sat back to enjoy the sounds and sights as they danced right in front of me. They were pressed tightly together with their hands squeezing each other's ass cheeks. Pretty soon their movements began to be more back and forth rather than in time with the music. In fact, it dawned on me that the music had stopped but their movements hadn't.

Michelle turned her head toward me and whispered that she was SO WET and that she really needed a hard cock in her pussy. It wasn't like Michelle to make that declaration so I knew she was beyond stopping as I gestured her over to me. I slid forward to the edge of the lounge chair. She lead Juan toward me by holding onto his hard dick. When she reached me I had her turn around with her back to me and I lowered her onto my very hard dick. I then told her that I wanted her to suck Juan's dick until he exploded in her mouth. 

She didn't waste any time pulling him to her and sliding his shaft into her mouth until it hit the back of her throat. I told Juan to reach down and play with her tits and to roll her nipples between his fingers and thumb. I reached around and started to gently rub her clit as she squirmed on my dick. She began to moan as Juan slowly pulled back and started to fuck her mouth. It wasn't long before Michelle started to tremble and thrust against my hand all the while stroking Juan's cock as it slid in and out of her mouth. I whispered in her ear that I wanted to see Juan cum in her mouth and on her face and tits. That sent her over the edge as she ground on my dick and came on my hand.

Juan was really fucking her mouth and when he suddenly stopped I could see his cock pulse as it sent his salty cum down her throat. She opened her mouth and his next few spurts hit her lips and chin and dribbled down onto her tits. I began rubbing his cum on her tits and then I was shooting my load into her wet pussy as Michelle captured his dick back in her mouth and sucked it clean.

Juan then surprised both of us when I slipped out of her pussy he dropped to his knees and pushed his tongue deep into Michelle's sloppy pussy and started sucking on her clit. She jumped and then settled into a second round of climaxes as he lapped up our juices.

A while later we regained our composure and looked reasonably presentable although we doubted if anyone would be fooled by our absence as we reentered the dance hall.

It was getting late and we still had an hour ride home so we pulled jackets out of our saddlebags and said good night to Juan. But, not before letting him know that we attended most of the festivals in Nogales, MX and that if we ran into him we could do it Juan more time.