 I first came to college a few years ago, and during my first year I took a trip... a trip into my professor's velvet underground. She was not your typical professor; she was tall, blond and had the longest sexiest legs I had ever seen. Although she was a professor she was only 28. She had B-cup breasts and I always fantasized about cupping them with my hand which I was sure would perfectly encapsulate them.

She had an act of wearing her skirt a little short and sitting on desks without crossing her legs. Although she had graciously beautiful legs that basically blocked the view to her snatch, I could still see her pink panties at the top of them. I could never tell but I think she caught me checking her out a few times but obviously didn't mind as she made no physical gesture to show it.

In my first year I was having trouble getting to know people and make friends. I especially had a hard time getting to know girls. I was in college and fully prepared to get laid.

One day she caught me looking up her skirt and gave me a very seductive and greedy smile, but nobody in the class noticed. That was probably attributed to the class being mostly women. 

"Ok class, let's talk about what to do in the event of an evacuation," Anna said looking around at the class and focusing on me.

"In the event of an evacuation..." she kept talking but I couldn't pay attention.

As she kept talking, she spread her legs a little and gave me a slight nod and smile and continued talking. I tried to make it look like I was paying attention to her and not her long silky legs by first taking a long look at them, then focusing my attention elsewhere.

"Miss, isn't class over?" one of the other students asked pointing at the clock.

"Oh, it is. Sorry, I went off on a tangent. Well everyone just read pages 142-150 in your flight manuals and I will see you tomorrow."

I got up and began packing my stuff up when she said, "Oh, and Jake, could I talk to you after class?"

My heart sank a little as I prepared for some kind of talk that would be unpleasant. I took my seat again as everyone else left. The room wasn't going to be in use next period so I didn't worry about someone poking their head in.

"Jake we need to have a little talk," she said. She sat on the desk I was sitting on and put her legs on either side of me. I looked away to try and seem grossed out but she placed her hand on my head and turned it back towards her snatch very slowly.

She wasn't wearing any underwear today, but I didn't notice earlier. Her pussy was slightly wet but she had clearly taken a shower earlier because it didn't smell at all and her plump asshole was clean.

"I couldn't help but notice you looking at my legs and up my skirt," she said looking into my eyes with a sensual smile, "Now; you know that is inappropriate to do to one of your professors."

My heart was beating very fast as I looked into her baby-blue eyes then down to the wet velvet perched on the desk, "I... understand Anna and... I truly am sorry, but I kind of like long, silky, sexy legs and you have them. I couldn't help but to look."

She smiled at me and raised my chin so I was looking directly into her eyes, "You don't need to apologize baby, I'm glad someone is finally interested in me. It really turns me on that it's a student."

She then grabbed my head and pulled me in for a long, wet kiss. Our tongues collided as we made out passionately right there in class. Needless to say I was ready to pounce on her, but I kept as cool as a lonely nerd could.

"Mmm... it's been almost two years since my lips have seen any action," She said as she licked her lips.

"The ones up here or the ones down there," I asked as I put my right hand on her leg. I ran it along the smooth shaved leg a few times getting closer and closer to her now dripping cunt.

"Both... mmm that feels nice," She said as she began fingering herself. She pulled her fingers out and stuck them deep into her mouth, swallowing all of her pussy juice.

"Damn, your legs are so much smoother than I thought. I wish I could keep them and hold them at night to help me fall asleep." I said as I put my other hand on the other leg. I then wrapped both my hands around her luscious left leg and slowly moved them up and down. They were so thick that my hands couldn't reach each other. I almost came right then and there.

"Jakey, if we were together in bed I wouldn't be able to let you get any sleep."

She reached down and kissed me hard again while she rubbed herself. As our mouths parted she began unbuttoning her blouse to reveal her sexy underwear. She must have been anticipating this because I knew that wasn't her every day bra.

"Jake, I noticed you don't really talk to many of the other students," she said. I merely smiled and stuck two fingers into her pussy as I continued rubbing her leg.

"OOooooooohhhhh," she moaned with a lot of pleasure.

I started out slowly then got faster and faster. She let out moans then started screaming in pleasure. I reached up and covered her mouth.

"We can't let anybody hear us Miss," I said continuing to finger the life out of her. She reached down and pulled my fingers out and licked them clean. She got off the desk and took my hand leading me over to the 10 seat airplane mock-up 'lab' in the back of the class. She sat me down in the middle aisle and knelt down.

She undid my fly and pulled my thick throbbing cock out.

"Mmm, this looks tasty." She took my cock and started licking it from the base to the tip, driving me insane. She kept licking up and down then took the tip of my cock in her mouth and began swirling her tongue around it and sucking it a little.

She then took my whole 6 inch cock in her mouth, choking a little as she did so. It felt so good, like a million waterfalls were running down my hard shaft at a slow steady pace.

"Fuuuuck that's goo.... Good," I managed to get out almost unable to speak.

I reached down and pulled off her blazer and she took off her shirt. I undid her bra and pulled it away revealing her perky, young breasts. I reached down and cupped them in my hand and gave a slight squeeze.

As she sucked I started to feel like I was close to the point, so I held her head on my cock as I quietly yelled, "I'm cumming!"

I let a load loose in her mouth which she swallowed whole with one gulp.

"The gravy is always the best," she said as she laid on the floor, "Get over here baby, I want to feel that goatee on my puss."

I cleared my throat as I went down between her sexy smooth legs. I licked and kissed her legs several times before I got to her wet pussy and licked the juices away. 

Her hips reacted to my licking as I went from the bottom up and she did the same, moaning and grabbing her titties all the while.

"Oh gaaawwwwwd, that's iiiiit," she sighed, "Yeah baby, keep doing it, just like that."

I moved my face in effectively making out with her cunt as I stuck my tongue in deep and swirled it around inside her.

"Ooohh. I fucking love it," she moaned continuing to grab her tits.

She then started giggling.

"What's so funny Anna?" I asked taking a short breather break. I then went back in to lick and make out with her pussy.

"Your beard... it tickles," she giggled then let out a loud moan as I stretched my tongue inside her as far as I could.

"Ohh, OOOhhh OOOOOHHHHHHH," she moaned loudly as she came. She didn't squirt but her body spasmed for a good 10 seconds. I got to my knees and moved in as she recovered from her orgasm.

I angled my body and lined up my cock with her cunt as she breathed deeply trying to catch her breath. At first I simply rubbed it along her pussy lips, teasing her.

"Jakey, don't tease it... just get in there," she said as she pushed her titties together.

I simply smiled and stuck only my head in. I could feel myself wanting desperately to put it all the way in, but some things are best to be waited for.

I bent down and sucked on her nipples as I continued to tease the hell out of her.

"Just put it inside of me already," she said obviously getting mad. But it was hard to take her seriously because she said it in a calm soft voice as if begging me.

I relented and slowly filled her up with my rod. She let out a very loud moan that I was sure someone outside heard. I didn't worry about it, I was in heaven.

I felt like I was wrapped in a warm blanket that was literally pulling me in.

"God damn," I said as I held fully inside of her. I couldn't help but lean in and start making out with her. I swirled my tongue around in her mouth as I began thrusting back and forth.

"Oh," she moaned putting her arms behind her head exposing her breasts nicely. I licked and sucked her nipples as I slowly continued pumping in and out.

She responded in kind by moving her hips along with my thrusts, making loud sexy slapping noises. It felt amazing and I didn't want to think about stopping.

"Jakey... I've wanted this for a long time," she said in between lustful moans.

"I never imagined I would get to fuck a beautiful woman like you," I said thrusting harder and harder.

"Ohh gawd, fuck me harder baby," she said lustfully as I continued pumping into her. I then grabbed one of her tits and gave a hard squeeze as she let out another moan.

In all the hype of fucking her, I got a good idea and gave her an evil yet sly smile. I pulled out and took a seat on one of the airplane seats at the back.

"Excuse me flight attendant, I couldn't help but notice you aren't on my cock," I said pretending to be a passenger. She smirked and came over to me then turned around revealing her perfect ass.

She took hold of my cock and aimed it right into her cunt and then sat down. She then gyrated her hips giving me a weird but amazing feeling in my cock. She then began slamming her ass down onto my cock making even louder slapping noises. 

"Oh YEAH!" she yelled as she switched between bouncing and gyrating. 

"Oh Anna," I said grabbing onto her ass and helping her fuck me.

I then reached around her and gave her left tit a nice squeeze. I put my other hand on her clit and rubbed the fuck out of it.

"Oh god... oh yeah... OH GOD," she moaned and yelled.

After a few minutes she turned around, put her arms on my shoulders and fucked me that way. I caught her right breast in my mouth as she continued bouncing. I was in heaven and couldn't hold it any longer.

"Anna, I'm gonna cum," I yelled as she bounced and bounced.

"Let it fly inside me Jakey, I want your nice juices inside my dirty pussy."

Her dirty talk made me cum right then and there. She began quivering hard as she came at the same time and kissed me very passionately.

We continued making out as she continued sitting on my cock and rubbing her tits. Our tongues met in an air of ecstasy I can't describe. She pulled back and stared into my eyes, then looked down at our connected genitals. She smiled and giggled a little then stood up.

"That was amazing Jake... I've never came like that hard before. Oh and don't worry, I always take the pill," She said as she started getting dressed. She then bent over and took a pink thong from her bag. She rubbed her pussy with it then gave it to me. She also gave me a piece of paper with her number on it.

"Come fuck me again sometime honey," She said with a wink. We kissed again hard as we parted ways from the class. 

I got into my car and took a long sniff of her pussy juice stained panties. Did I just fuck her?! I almost couldn't believe my memory. It just happened but it still seemed so unreal. I then got a text from someone. I checked and it was from Anna.

It said, "You let me have your cock and my pussy is yours whenever you want ;)" There was then a picture of her holding her exposed tit while she licked it.

Oh yeah, it happened.