 She pulled her car over to the side of the road. The engine was smoking again, only this time she was out in the middle of nowhere. At least the last time this happened she was just outside of the city and was spotted and rescued in a reasonable amount of time.

She sat in the drivers seat watching steam and smoke come from under the hood of her car.

She looked out the windows in all directions and only spotted hills and fields. There were no signs of life. No houses within walking distance. No rescue in sight.

She got out of the car and walked around it in a circle as if looking at things from a different view point might help her come up with an idea of how she was going to get out of this mess.

She cursed her beloved favorite pair of shoes for being so high heeled and inconvenient in this situation.

Why had she chosen this day to wear this outfit?!

The skirt was very tight fitting, outlining every curve of her body. She loved that outfit, but when she put it on this morning she had no idea how this day was going to go. 

She took off her jacket and then kneeled down on ground to reach the latch to open the hood of the car. She could feel her panty hose rip at the knee as she crawled around until the latch was undone.

She lifted the hood of the car and stared at the engine parts that had no meaning to her at all. 

She was able to see that the smoke was dying down so at least the car wouldn't catch on fire.

She slammed the hood down in frustration and sat herself on the hood of the car. 

As she sat there she considered how she might get out of this mess. Her cellphone offered her no service out here in the middle of these country roads.

She could feel the heat of the sun shining down on her from above. It was very pleasant considering the rest of this situation was not pleasant at all.

She had been there for about an hour walking in a circle around the car or just sitting and waiting, still unsure what to do.

Off in the distance she could the rumble and roar of another motor moving down the road. It was very loud so she was thinking it might be a truck, but as it drew nearer she recognized the sound of a rumbling motorcycle engine.

She sat perched on the hood of the car at the side of the road waiting for the vehicle to get closer.

As the motorcycle rounded the corner and came into view, she was feeling unsure if this new arrival was going to be a good thing or a really bad thing.

The motorcycle slowed on the road until it pulled up right next to where her car had stopped. 

She sat frozen and unsure what to do. So she just watched him.

He was obviously in no hurry as he turned off the engine to his bike. He didn't even seem to be looking in her direction, as he swung his long leg over the side of the bike and stood up straight.

He was a very large and big man. She teetered between being relieved someone had arrived and yet also wondering if this large biker was going to pose any threat to her.

She slid off the hood of the car as he took off his helmet and turned toward her.

He had long brown hair that fell around his shoulders as he set his helmet onto the seat of his bike. He wore a club jacket, though she couldn't quite read the name on the jacket this had made her a little bit more uneasy.

He sauntered over toward her and looked her over as he moved closer. 

He started at the fancy high heeled shoes she was just cursing, and his eyes took in the view of her shapely legs. His eyes slowly moved up her legs to her every short skirt and then paused to enjoy the view of her ample breasts.

She wasn't a tall girl, but she was very proud of her curves. She loved to show off her shape, but at the moment was feeling a bit self conscious.

He didn't say anything to her he just moved closer to the car. 

She said "I don't know what happened the engine just started smoking so I pulled over and it shut down." 

She watched him waiting for a reply.

He didn't say anything just gestured toward the hood of the car. 

She slid down onto the ground and reached the lever to pop the hood open again.

She continued on "...i was going to this office in the next town...i wasn't prepared for this." 

He didn't say anything as he gazed into the engine and reached inside.

He had long muscular arms and she watched as he grabbed inside the engine and moved parts around trying to get a better view.

He leaned into the car without saying anything and got to work on the engine. She watched quietly as he seemed to know exactly what he was doing.

With the swing of one of his long arms he motioned for her to get in and start the car.

She hopped into the drivers seat and turned the key.

With one final blast of smoke the engine turned over loudly, but the car did start.

He stood back with his hands on his hips pleased with the work, but not quite smiling.

With the car still running she got out of the seat and walked to where he was standing. 

She said "i cant tell you how grateful I am!"

His facial expression didn't change at all as she walked a few steps closer.

She said "i don't have any money to pay you...but maybe I can get your address and mail something to you?"

She was getting more uneasy about the fact that he still had not uttered a word, but since he had helped she didn't feel he was a threat.

She stood just a few feet from where he was. She said "how can I thank you" as he looked her over from toe to head again.

She could feel her self blushing a little as he took in the view with out saying anything. He was obviously pleased by what he saw because a small smirk appeared at the corner of his mouth.

When she saw that, she was flattered but still a bit uneasy.

He took off his leather jacket and laid it on the ground next to her car.

Was his smirk growing into a smile? He placed his hands on her shoulders and she understood he was guiding her onto the jacket laid upon the ground.

She dropped down onto her knees on the jacket. He leaned back against the car and she reached for the buttons on his jeans.

She slowly undid the buttons and was thinking that in any other situation this would be very unwelcome. But she was getting turned on by the anonymity, turned on by the excitement of the unknown and the idea that she would do this with a complete stranger and not get caught.

She pulled back his jeans and exposed a very large cock. 

He was already hard and looked at her in anticipation. She didn't wait for anymore invitation then that. She watched his face as she swirled her tongue around the head of his cock.

He grew even bigger and she was getting more turned on. 

She took as much of him into her mouth as she could. She kind of gagged at the sheer size of him but then got into a rhythm that had him rocking back and forth and grinding against her face with every thrust 

She reached around and grabbed his butt cheeks in her hands. She could feel he was going to come soon as they rocked back in forth together.

She looked up at his face and saw his mouth he was breathing heavy and she was enjoying the control she had in that moment.

He placed a hand on the back of her head. He stroked her long hair and guided her to keep up the rhythm.

Suddenly he grabbed her hair tightly and his body stiffened as he came in mouth. 

She could feel the warmth of his cum in her mouth and gliding down her throat. 

He let out a groan and his body began to relax as he leaned back onto the car.

She looked up at him and wiped a drip of cum off the corner of her mouth.

She looked down at her finger and then licked it clean. She was still on her knees in front of him.

He smiled as he watched her lick her fingers.

She started to stand up and he put his hands under her arms helping her upright.

The second she was standing he lifted her off the ground and set her down on the hood of the car.

She did not resist as he traced his hand down the side of her thigh. His hadn't reached the ripped spot of nylon on her knees.

He touched her knee gently where the ground had scratched up her knees and left her nylons ripped. 

He slid his fingers to the inside of her knees. He touched her gently and placed both of his hands on top of her knees. With less gentleness then before he pushed her knees apart from each other.

She sat on the hood of the car feeling the warmth through her clothes of metal from the car that had been sitting out in the sun.

He pushed her back onto the hood of the car and grabbed her legs. He pulled her near the edge of the car and leaned against her.

She scooted herself to the very edge so she could feel herself pressing against him.

His smirk returned to the corner of his mouth as he watched her grind her hips against him. She could feel how wet she was getting. Her panties were probably soaked through by now.

She no longer cared that she didn't know this man. She was lost in the heat of passion. She let out a groan and trusted up against him. 

He used one hand on the center of her chest and held her onto the hood of the car. With the other had her reached up her skirt to remove her nylons.

When he reached under her skirt he had found that she had on stockings instead of nylons. He traced his finger along the edge of her stocking as he gently pushed her skirt up so he could see the top of her stockings

She remembered getting dressed that morning and was irritated that all of nylons were in the laundry and instead she had to wear the stockings she usually reserved for dressing up sexy instead of dressing up for work.

But now as he traced his finger along the top of her stockings she was so glad she had worn them. She let out a groan as his hand pushed her skirt all the way up to leave her exposed. 

He looked at her stockings, panties and garter belt as if it were a puzzle. Then with both hands he grabbed the front of her panties and ripped them off of her.

She was excited by the lust she saw in his eyes as he did this. He cast the ripped panties aside and looked at her with a hunger.

He grabbed her hips and slid her so her bottom was hanging off of the car. He put his hands under her to hold her in the right position and he slid inside her.

She could feel the muscles inside her body tighten around him. He felt huge inside her and she was stretched as he began to slowly move in and out of her.

He slowly pulled his hips back and then quickly thrust forward filling her up.

She could feel that she was dripping wet. And she raised her hips to meet his thrusts and take him in as deep as she could.

He continued to slowly push her towards climax. As he maintained a steady motion of slowly pulling back and then thrusting his length into her as he held his whole body against her, and then slowly pulling back again.

She started to rock back and forth and tried to increase his speed. But he was larger than her. He had the control in this situation. He slowly pulled back until just the tip of his cock was inside her and then thrust hard back inside.

She said groaned loudly and thrashed around on the hood of her car. She wasn't sure how much longer she could take this. She wiggled trying to get closer and he held her more firmly against the car.

She wrapped her legs around his waist and held on. She wasn't very big but she was strong enough to hold on tight to him. 

In small motions she rocked her hips back and forth. He stopped moving and held still as she rocked back and forth on his hard cock. He watched her face as she she began moaning louder and louder until she let out breath and squeezed him. The muscles inside her body squeezed his cock so tightly that he could feel all the movement.

A slow smile crept onto his face as he watched her thrash about as her orgasm shook her whole body. Just as her movements were slowing down he slammed his hips into her with quick ease. He pushed up against her until he couldn't fight it any more and he was coming inside her.

He leaned back over her on the hood of the car and held her pinned there until he caught his breath. 

Then he stood back, buttoned his jeans and licked his lips.

He picked up his jacket off the ground and put it back on. He walked over to his motor cycle and with out saying a word he hopped on his bike and put his helmet back on.

She sat on the hood of the car and watched him nod to her and then start up the bike and drove off.

She hadn't even caught her breath. She sat dumbfounded on the hood of her car. She could feel the insides of her thighs were wet. Her body was still quivering as she looked around.

There was no one around as she scooted off the hood of the car. She could see her ripped panties laying on the ground next to her car. And if she wasn't dripping wet she would be left wondering if any of that had really happened.

She started her car right up and wondered how she was going to get through the rest of the day as if it were any other normal Monday.