 This is a re-write of my story Biking with Bridget. I focus on our relationship exclusively and eliminated the unessential story lines. I tightened up the prose as well. Thanks. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter One:

In my continuing quest for good health, I started biking around Pismo Beach and the central coast. I own a Seven speed Electra Townie that puts the pedals in front of the seat and keeps me sitting more upright. My posture is much better, and I can pedal for many more miles. I was biking along the Bob Jones bike trail a few days ago enjoying a sunny day. If you're not familiar with this City to the Sea bike trail, it follows the Pacific Coast Railroad right-of-way along the San Luis Obispo Creek to Avila Beach.

As I was enjoying the bright sunshine of another glorious day, I rode by a lady sitting on the grass beside the bike trail. Her ten-speed was behind her lying on its side, the front wheel spinning. I thought nothing of it, until I saw her rubbing her ankle and shaking her head. She caught my eye and I decided to stop to check on her condition. I swung around and came to a stop a few feet from her.

"Hi, are you OK? I saw you rubbing your ankle and your bike on the ground over there."

"Yes, I think I'll be OK. I was riding a little too fast and caught a wheel in the gap. I over corrected and went down. Thanks for stopping; several people have just ridden on by."

I reached down and extended my hand to pull her up, "HI, I'm Rob. It's nice to meet you. Can you walk?"

As she stood, I noticed her wince when she put pressure on her foot. There was park bench five feet away. I helped her limp over to the bench to sit down. Once she was settled, I went back for her bike. I set it against the park bench and sat down.

"Hello, I'm Bridget, thanks for your help, once again. Yeah, my ankle is a bit sore, I twisted it in the fall."

"Ouch."

I sat quietly and watched Bridget rub her foot and rotate it around. I was so focused on her ankle, it took a while for me to look directly into her eyes. When I did look, I was met with a pair of blazing blue eyes and a crooked smile. I'm sure she was in a measure of pain, but she was still smiling.

"I don't mean to be forward, but a brisk massage will help ease the pain. I've had a bit of experience with this sort of thing. Let me look."

Bridget laughed, "Is that your best pick-up line?"

"No seriously. I took a massage class at the adult education forum and learned a few techniques, especially with feet. I promise I won't bite."

"Well I could use a little tender touch."

Bridget extended her foot and I wrapped my hands around her ankle. There was no swelling, so I knew a vigorous rub would help. I moved my thumbs to her arch and massaged the bottom of her foot. I used my fingers to stimulate the muscles around her ankle and the ball of her foot.

"Wow, that does feel good, you might have a point about massage."

While I had my hands wrapped around her lovely foot, Bridget told me she is a pediatric nurse at Arroyo Grande Community Hospital and enjoys working with the little ones. She bikes along the local trails, usually on Tuesdays and Thursdays, unless she is covering a shift for another nurse.

"This is my favorite trail since it is great for walking, skating, or biking. I do a little of each, but mostly biking. I love how it follows the stream."

I continued to massage her ankle as we talked. I told her I'm retired and try to maintain a healthy lifestyle with walking and biking. I mentioned a walking club I belong to. As we talked, I noticed her biking outfit. She was wearing tight spandex shorts and a lime green top with sponsor names adorning it.

"Tell me Bridget, do you bike competitively? It looks like you are a member of a racing team?"

She laughed, "No, the top is from a charity race that I rode in. My hospital sponsored a team. I do like to push myself with a ten-mile route from Shell Beach to the Port San Luis pier and back. I keep a steady pace and time myself. That was what I was doing when I took a tumble."

As Bridget spoke, I noticed how well she filled out her tight fitting spandex top, it hugged all the right curves. I stretched her leg a bit as I completed my massage. It was at this point that I realized how tight her black shorts were. They hugged her lower body like a second skin. I caught site of the gap between her thighs and stared at a prominent camel toe. The spandex material bulged out on either side of a deep crease along her pussy. Bridget couldn't have been wearing any underwear. In my mind I pictured a tasty pussy with thick outer lips and juicy pink inner labia. I felt my cock twinge. At that point, I released her foot and let her sit upright on the bench.

"Wow Bridget, ten miles? I don't know if I could keep up with that pace."

Bridget rubbed her ankle a few more minutes before putting her sock and shoe back on. She laced up her sneaker and pronounced that she was much better. I told her I was very happy to help.

"So, you are retired? I'm so jealous. I think I've got another ten years ahead of me. I figure if I can make it to 60, I'll have a full pension and then be able to enjoy a life of leisure."

Bridget stood up and put pressure on her ankle. She seemed to walk with less pain as she took a few steps around the bench. I think she will survive.

"I feel much better, but I think I'll call it a day. Thank you so much, Rob. I owe you one."

"Will you be OK to ride?"

"I'm sure I will. I own a condominium that's just over there next to the bike trail. I can make it that far."

Bridget pointed to the large complex, about two hundred yards from where we were sitting.

"Hey Rob, if you would like to join me for a ride sometime, I usually start out at the Shell Beach parking lot around 10:00 AM on most Tuesdays and Thursdays. I would love to ride with you some day."

"I'm not sure if I could keep up with you."

"Something tells me you'll do just fine. I won't press you too hard."

Bridget walked up to me a gave me a tight hug, thanking me again for stopping and the foot massage. The way she said, 'press you too hard' sent my mind reeling. All kinds of thoughts shot through my brain. Whenever I hear press and hard in the same sentence, I immediately have thoughts about sex. We both got back on our bikes and departed, she rode off to her condo; I headed back home.

Chapter Two:

Thursday is here, so I drove over Shell Beach with my bike in the pick-up bed. It's a quarter to ten when I mount my Elektra. If Bridget is riding today, I don't want to miss her. After a few laps around the parking lot, I am ready to go. I see Bridget cycle towards me. I'm glad I got here early.

She is wearing the same outfit she wore last week, black spandex shorts and a lime green top filled with sponsor names. The shorts still look like they've been painted on, but the shirt seems different. It appears to be stretched out much more. Bridget smiles as she rides circles around me and then it dawns on me, she is braless. Her tits sway with each rotation of her pedals.

"Hi Rob, I'm glad you're here, I was hoping to see you today. I just rode from my condo, so I've already done 1.5 miles. Are you ready to do ten miles, up to the pier and back?"

Bridget has already worked up a sweat and is ready to go. I look like doofus next to her with my baggy shorts, ball cap and tee shirt. She is decked out in riding gear with a Limar Ultralight helmet protecting her blonde pony tail.

"I'm as ready as I'll ever be. Are you sure you want to be seen with me? I'm not exactly a poster boy for Team USA."

"Of course, that's why I'm here. Besides, if I take another tumble, I want those magic hands on my body."

 

I'm not going to miss out on this opportunity. I let Bridget lead the way. I follow close and keep my eyes glued to her behind. I swear her shorts are molded around that tight bubble-butt. I pedal faster to catch up with her and we ride side by side for the first mile.

"How are you this morning, Bridget? Is your ankle feeling better?"

"Oh, yeah. I went home and took a long, hot shower. I soaked it in Epsom salts for a half hour and felt so much better. Of course, your magic massage was the secret. I always take a long, hot shower after every ride. It seems to rejuvenate me and then I'm ready to take on the world. How about you Rob? I take it you got back home safe and sound?"

"I did. I rode for another four miles to build up more stamina; chores around the house have kept me busy until now."

I make sure I continue to look Bridget in the eyes as I think about her riding braless this morning. Her boobs continue to sway as we pedal on. We ride on for another few miles and reach Avila Beach.

"Do you go to Avila Beach Rob?"

"I do. You meet some interesting people down there, especially on the clothing-optional section. I do enjoy an all over tan."

"Yeah, so do I. Funny we've never run into each other. We'll have to make it a date."

I try to concentrate on riding, but Bridget's comments are making my cock hard. We continue to ride on, toward the Port San Luis Pier. We are working up a good sweat as we reach the halfway point on our adventure. We turn onto the pier and ride along the edge overlooking the blue Pacific. It's a picture-perfect day. At the end of the pier, we park our bikes and take a water break. The Olde Port Fish Market is closed for the season, and we find ourselves alone in solitude. I suggest a selfie, and Bridget is all for it. She slides her arm around my waist and leans her head against my shoulder. Her hug feels good. I snap the picture with my iPhone and our image is captured with the rolling waves in the background.

"Give me your phone and I'll take your picture."

Bridget faces me as I lean back against the railing. She rattles off a few pics.

"There, our first ride is captured for posterity."

I suggest I take a few of her with the ocean in the background. We switch places and I focus on her form silhouetted against the blue sky. I snap a few images. With one swift motion, Bridget grabs the hem of her green jersey and lifts it up, exposing her big boobs for the first time. I catch my breath but continue to focus on her form and tap the iPhone screen. Her breasts are near perfect; round orbs with just a hint of sag. Nipples, the color of coral and slightly puffy. A perfect C-cup.

"These are for your eyes only. Don't go posting on Facebook or Instagram."

Bridget smiles as she lowers her top and moves toward me for a hug. She tilts her head and I taste her lips for the first time. Our lingering kiss is sweet. She grabs my hand and places it on her left breast. I feel the full, firm mound separated only by smooth green material.

"Let me see the pictures."

I release her boob and we look at my phone. I scroll through the four pictures exposing her ripe melons. The first one is blurry because I was caught off-guard as I snapped the photo. I quickly delete it. The second and third images are flawless; Bridget's smile is captivating. I love the fourth image. It highlights her beautiful tits, sitting high and proud, but also captures her wry smile that tells me she is just a bit naughty and wants to play.

"Time to continue our ride; let's head back to Shell Beach."

Reluctantly, I close the screen and slide my phone into the front pocket of my shorts. I feel a tingling and am aware that my cock is harder than before. We grab our bikes and head back down the pier with Bridget leading the way. Watching her tight bubble butt caress the bicycle seat does nothing to stem my hard-on. I focus on the exercise aspect of our trip and catch up to Bridget, riding side by side. We pass Avila Beach, now to our right. We survey the sand scape and look for nude bodies.

"I can't wait for us to be down there enjoying the hot sun."

We cycle along the trail toward Shell Beach. As we round the final turn toward the parking lot, Bridget turns left into a housing complex. I follow her through the parking lot and ask what's up.

"We're home. This is where I live. My condo is the one on the right."

She points to a townhouse that is on the end of a fourplex building. The light blue exterior blends in with the surrounding area. We hop off our bikes and park them in her front patio.

"I'm ready for lunch. How about you? I don't want you going home on an empty stomach."

I didn't realize today's adventure included food. I'm thrilled to spend more time with Bridget. We enter through the front door. Bridget throws her helmet on the coffee table and gives me a quick tour of her home. She tells me the kitchen was updated a year or so before she bought the place. Chrome appliances fill the room, including a six-burner stove top in the center island. A bay window provides nice views of the coast. Next to the kitchen, the family room is dominated by a large flat screen TV with surround sound. A plush leather couch is centered in front. I could get used to this style of living.

"Make yourself at home Rob. There's juice in the refrigerator and help yourself to the fruit on the counter. I'm a bit of a health nut. I'll be back in a minute, I just want to upstairs and change."

Bridget kisses me on the cheek and scoots upstairs. I get comfortable right away, grabbing a bottle of pomegranate juice from the fridge and eating a banana. While Bridget is upstairs, I pull out my phone and scroll through the three pictures. My cock twitches and I reach down to squeeze my shaft. I'm lost in thought when I hear Bridget call down.

"Hey Rob, can you come up here for a moment?"

I close out my phone and slip it back into my short's pocket.

"Are you coming?"

I think to myself, OK, I'm coming. I walk up the flight of stairs, following the sound of her voice. I enter her bedroom on the left. A four-poster bed sits in the middle of the room. Bridget is not here.

"Hey Rob."

I hear her voice coming from the master bathroom and walk through the bedroom to the bath. I hear running water. I look in and am astounded to see Bridget completely nude with water cascading down her skin. Smiling and holding a bar of soap, she asks me to scrub her back. My jaw drops. She is a vision. Her breasts sway back and forth, capped by erect nipples. Water drips down her stomach to her pussy lips. Her outer labia are smooth and full, visible between her sweet thighs.

"Care to join me? Drop those shorts, let me see that cock."

I am out of my clothes in seconds and wrap her naked body in my arms. The shower fills with steam. Our lips meet, and we share a passionate kiss. I hold her right breast in my hand and pinch her erect nipple. My hand moves down her body and I stroke her pussy. I glide my fingers up and down her slit, playing with the soft pink petals of her inner labia. While I explore her lower region, our lips continue to mash together, and our tongues intertwine.

We break our kiss and I move behind her. Bridget hands me the soap and washcloth. She faces the shower head as the hot water washes over the two of us. I load the washcloth with soap while Bridget reaches back and grabs my shaft. She strokes me as I lather up her back and move down to her ass cheeks.

I move my hands around to her front and soap up her tits. I lift and massage each full mound with the cloth, paying close attention to her puffy nipples. My hands drift down to her tummy and pussy. Bridget spreads her legs and lets me clean her outer lips. I finger her inner labia making sure she is squeaky clean.

Bridget lets the water wash away all the suds before we change sides; I stand facing the shower head. She washes my back and ass. She slides her soapy fingers between my ass cheeks. I feel her fingers run along my sphincter and it feels good. Bridget reaches around me, and grabs hold of my erect cock. She presses her breasts into my back as she cleans my shaft and balls. I love her gentle touch as she makes sure I am clean. I turn, and we embrace under the hot water. We share a long kiss of satisfaction. I am faced with a beautiful pair of large tits with coral nipples. I grab the undersides of her boobs and bend down to suck her squeaky-clean nipples. I suck her left nipple between my lips and pinch her right. Bridget holds my head close while I suck and lick her tits. I stand straight. My cock is hard and presses against her pussy. Bridget grabs my cock and squeezes my balls.

"I want to suck your cock, I want to taste your cum; your sweet and salty cum"

Bridget kneels on one knee. My hard shaft is ready for the taking. With the shower spray on my back and my cock in front of Bridget, she grabs me and opens her mouth. She wraps her left hand around my thick shaft and strokes several times. Her right hand cups my balls; she rolls my nuts around.

"I love your shaved balls; I just want to devour you."

Bridget leans forward and sucks one of my balls into her mouth as she jerks on my shaft. She moves her tongue around and around before releasing me and sucking on the other. After releasing them she licks my cock from bottom to top. Bridget pulls down on my shaft and swallows me up, sucking on my glans and several inches. She jacks me off while sucking on the tip.

"I just can't get enough of this cock. You're going to cum for me."

"First, let me get you ready. I want to eat your pussy."

"Not until I've had my appetizer."

Bridget moves her hand to the base of my shaft as she licks up and down. Her spit covers my skin. She opens her mouth and sucks three inches into her mouth. Her lips move up while she applies a forceful suction which feels so good and keeps my orgasm building. She releases the tip of my cock with a pop.

"Mmm, you taste good."

Bridget is determined to make me cum. She grips my shaft and proceeds to jack me off. Her hand moves quickly up and down, twisting and squeezing which takes me over the edge. She has her lips glued around my tip as she masturbates me to climax. I push out my hips and pump three solid ropes of cum into her mouth. Bridget gulps down my load and never releases her suction from my glans. She bathes the sensitive tip while her hand continues to pump, drawing a few more spurts of jizz. When she is satisfied that I have no more cum, she releases my cock.

Bridget stands, and we exchange places. We kiss and hold our bodies together under the hot shower stream. I taste the remnants of my latest climax on her tongue. I prepare to return the favor and kneel on the slick tile. It's hard on my knees, but I don't care. With the shower spray on her backside. I have a close-up view of her pussy. She looks delicious. Her thick lips are so smooth. I'm betting she just waxed.

"Bridget, your lips are so smooth; I love the soft feel on my tongue."

"I just had my waxing appointment yesterday."

My instincts are right. I continue to lick with broad strokes up and down her puffy outer lips. Her clit starts to emerge from its protective hood. Her inner labia are very pink from the hot water. I wrap my hands around her tight bubble-butt and pull her cunt close to my lips.

I suck on her rose petals and drill into her core. I snake my tongue up and down her pussy and taste her juices mingled with the shower water. I lick all around her thighs and suck more of her inner labia between my lips. Bridget wraps her hands behind my head and pulls me tight against her pussy as I search out her clitoris.

"Rob, please, make me cum. My pussy needs it right now"

I attack Bridget's clit. Her pussy is wet and ready. I use two fingers to invade her inner flesh. She is hot and tight. I know my cock will feel good clenched inside this pussy. I use my fingers to stimulate her G-Spot and push deep within her folds. Bridget spreads her legs and grabs my shoulders to brace herself. I feel her thighs quiver and realize she is on the verge of her climax. I suck her clit between my lips and jam my fingers against the hard ridge of her magic spot.
