 “Why don’t the bastards make a move?” Dave asked, growing more restless than nervous.

“I think they’re trying to figure out the best way to come at us.” Brittany stated. “Maybe they aren’t quite sure of how to go about it.”

“Get the flare gun ready with a light flare.” She added. “We may want to shed a little light on their position.”

Not hesitating for an instant, Dave took the flare gun out of its storage locker. Inserting the flare package into the rear of the barrel, he closed the gun and cocked the hammer back ready to fire.

Minutes passed with both boats holding their positions. Looking through the nightvision binoculars, Brittany could barely make out the figures of four people on the powerboat. It appeared they might be preparing to attack their position.

“Kent!” Brittany shouted. “Get behind the controls and fire up both engines. Just keep them at an idle for now.”

The cruisers twin diesels started and gradually settled into a smooth idle. Off in the distance, the powerboats thundering engines fired up. In an instant, the boat began speeding towards them.

“Fire the light flare!” Brittany shouted. “Here they come!”

The ka-chung of the flare gun was barely audible above the idle of the cruiser’s engines. As the flare lit up the darkness of the night, the powerboat, a bright red Scarab, passed beneath it. The four men onboard were clearly visible. Two of the men brandished automatic assault weapons, another was aiming a high-powered rifle at the cruiser. A bullet fired from the rifle hit the boat just missing Cheryl. Pieces of fiberglass exploded from the impact.

Everyone on the cruiser opened fire. The powerboat circled in front of them at full speed, less than a hundred yard off the port side of the boat. Two of the gunmen took several rounds from the team, one of them falling out into the water.

“GO! GO! GO!” Brittany shouted, glaring at Kent.

Kent shoved both throttle levers forward and spun the wheel to the left. The bow of the heavy cruiser lifted out of the water, slowly picking up speed as it started to plane out on the water’s surface. The Scarab powerboat was well ahead of them. Everyone changed out the magazines on their weapons. 

Turning on the powerful overhead lights, the Scarab was barely visible as it pulled further ahead of them. The two gunmen fired back at the cruiser but their assault weapons were well out of range.

The Scarab sped through a narrow inlet between Crooked Island and Acklins Island, disappearing from view. Brittany rushed towards the cockpit. Standing beside Kent, she stared intently at the radar screen.

“Careful!” Brittany shouted. “There a land mass off the starboard side. There might be reefs or a sandbar.”

Kent wasn’t paying attention to Brittany’s warning. He was dead set on catching up to the Scarab powerboat even though he couldn’t see it. As the cruiser approached the narrow inlet between the two islands, the radar screen went dark.

“Shit!” Brittany exclaimed. “Now, the fucking radar’s gone out!” 

With the cruiser’s bow lights and large overhead light on, Kent steered the boat, keeping the throttles at full forward. Not seeing the reef, Kent sped across it, damaging both outdrives. The grating sound of the bottom of the boat scraping across the reef sounded as if the entire bottom of the boat was being ripped out. The sudden decrease in speed knocked everyone, except Kent, to the deck of the boat. The cruiser’s bow sunk low in the water before gently lifting with the tide. 

The thundering roar of the Scarab was growing louder as it approached them, returning for another attack. Dave lay unconscious on the deck, his head bleeding profusely from striking the hand railing. Brittany and Cheryl slowly got to their feet, looking around in the dark for their weapons laying somewhere on the deck. The Scarab with its two gunmen was practically upon them. Kent reached for Brittany’s Glock 21 pistol holstered next to the boat’s controls. Before he could withdraw it from its sheath, the Scarab rammed the side of the cruiser, heavily damaging both boats.

Both gunmen jumped onboard the cruiser with their assault weapons pointed at the team. The moonlight barely illuminated the scene. Kent, Brittany and Cheryl froze in position, unarmed.

“Get on boat!” One of the gunmen shouted, gesturing with his weapon. “Everyone! Now!”

Kent and Brittany helped Dave to his feet. He wasn’t aware of what was going on, still woozy from his head wound. Getting him on the powerboat was difficult but leaving him on the cruiser would mean certain death for him. With the team held at gunpoint on the powerboat, one of the gunmen eased the boat off the cruiser. In the dark it was hard to tell how much damage it had sustained. The cruiser, on the other hand, had suffered serious damage. A large gash on the portside was allowing water to flow into the inner hull unhindered. The reef, hidden just below the water’s surface, was all that was keeping it from sinking.  

The Scarab turned north, proceeding back through the narrow inlet. With its bow lights damaged, it was difficult to see anything in their path. The boat’s driver seemed to know his way through the inlet without the assistance of lighting. Cruising less than a mile, the powerboat slowed even more as it turned into a cove. With the powerboat’s engines almost at an idle, it floated towards a makeshift dock. The driver swung the boat around bringing it broadside to the dock. Brittany noticed the white Eliminator boat tied off near the end of the dock. It was the same one they’d observed at the marina on Paradise Island a couple of days earlier.

After securing the Scarab to the wooden dock, they were given orders to follow the gunmen up a steep, rocky trail. With Kent’s assistance, Dave was able to make the climb. The blood on his face was quickly drying. Nearing the top of the steep slope, they came upon a gravel pathway leading to an old two-story house. As they approached the darkened structure, they heard a gasoline generator start up. Several lights inside the house came on immediately.

The two gunmen were right behind the two couples urging them forward. One of the men grabbed Brittany’s butt, giving it a hard squeeze. Brittany’s immediate reaction was to brush his hand away. The gunman grinned, showing his stained and crooked teeth. 

Standing on the porch of the house, one of the gunmen opened the door, swinging it back.

“Go inside.” He commanded. “Go inside.”

Brittany and Cheryl entered the house with Kent assisting Dave, following them. Brittany quickly surveyed the interior of the house, memorizing everything she saw. The house was completely furnished with wicker and rattan furniture. A stairway led to the upper level of the old house. Brittany continued looking around, trying to put together an escape route should the chance arise.

Hearing footsteps coming down the stairs, both Cheryl and Brittany quickly looked up. A dark-haired woman, her hair almost coal black, was descending towards them. Her skin was dark, more than just tanned. She was tall, close to 5’10”. Her slender build dressed in cut-off jeans and a camouflage shirt. Brushing back her long, straight hair, she slowly approached them.

The woman looked at the two couples, checking Brittany and Cheryl out carefully from head to toe. Speaking in Spanish, she ordered one of the gunmen to escort Kent and Dave to an outbuilding behind the house. Once they had exited the room, she turned her attentions back to the two women. 

Grabbing one of Cheryl’s breasts, she squeezed it hard. Cheryl grabbed the woman’s wrist and pushed it away. The dark-haired woman’s immediate reaction was to slap Cheryl hard across the face. 

“Your breasts are fake!” She exclaimed, speaking in English. “But they will help me negotiate a higher price for you.”

Looking at the lone guard and returning to her Spanish vocabulary, she ordered him to escort the two women to an upstairs bedroom. Brittany and Cheryl ascended the stairs with the guard right behind them. Brittany’s first thought was to try and jump the guard and wrestle his automatic weapon away from him but Cheryl was between the two. It would probably result in one of them getting shot or worse, killed!

Walking down the narrow hallway on the second floor, Brittany spotted another guard standing outside one of the bedroom doors. As they approached him, the man opened the door and motioned for them to enter the bedroom. The room was dark, with no lighting at all. Only the moonlight offered any illumination. Several mattresses covered the bare wood floor. As their eyes adjusted to the darkness, the two women could see there were two other females in the room with them. The guard closed the door behind them. Brittany listened for the click of a lock but she didn’t hear any.  

A single window in the room had been boarded up sufficiently to forbid any escape. Sitting down on one of the mattresses, the two women whispered their thoughts.

“What was that remark about negotiating a price?” Cheryl asked, her voice evidenced by fright.

“My guess is they’re white slavers, not just modern day pirates.” Brittany stated. “They didn’t take anything off our boat, not even our weapons. They didn’t bother to search the boat. They just wanted us.” 

“What about the guys?” Cheryl asked. “What about them?”

“I’m not sure.” Brittany responded. “I’m surprised they didn’t kill them right off.” 

“I seriously doubt they want Kent or Dave.” She added. “We’ve got to do something quick before they decide to get rid of them.”

“Wonder who those two are?” Cheryl whispered, her eyes looking in the direction of the two sleeping women. 

“Maybe they’re from the last boat that was attacked out here.” Brittany guessed. “We’ll ask them in the morning. Right now, all I want is sleep.”

Brittany and Cheryl curled up on the mattress. Brittany’s mind was reeling, trying to come up with an escape plan. She hardly slept at all, worried about her teammates. 

Early the next morning, Brittany and Cheryl were awakened by the two other female captives. Startled, both women rose immediately. Wiping the sleep from their eyes, they focused on their counterparts.

“Who the hell are you guys?” Cheryl exclaimed.

“I’m Evelyn Brooks and this is my daughter Tanya.” The older woman spoke. “Who the hell are you?”

“I’m Cheryl and this is Brittany.” Cheryl replied. “We were taken captive off our boat last night.”

Evelyn Brooks was an attractive woman, somewhere in her mid-forties. She appeared to be quite sophisticated even though her hair was a mess and her clothes were dirty and torn. Her daughter, Tanya, was twenty or twenty-one at most. The frightened look and dried tearstains on her face alerted Brittany the girl was probably nearing a breakdown. The girl wore a Georgia Tech jersey and panties. Like her mother, her long brown hair hadn’t been combed in days.

“We’ve been here for four days.” Evelyn said. “At least, I think it’s been four days. I’m not sure anymore.”

“Have you heard them talking about anything?” Brittany inquired.

“All I’ve heard is Spanish from the men.” Evelyn replied. “The woman spoke to me in English a few times.”

“I heard one of the guards mention something about Bogotá and Esmeralda.” The young girl, Tanya stated. 

“Esmeralda?” Brittany asked. “Are you sure they said Esmeralda?”

“Yes, I’m sure that’s what I heard.” Tanya replied. “Maybe that’s the woman’s name.”

“Maybe or it could be another Esmeralda.” Brittany stated. “Could be Esmeralda, Cuba.”

“Cuba! Oh my God!” Evelyn exclaimed.

“Let’s not panic.” Brittany responded. “We need to figure a way to get the guys and get the hell out of here.”

“Guys!” Evelyn asked. “Do you have men with you?”

“Yeah, Kent and Dave.” Cheryl replied. “Dave’s got a bad head injury. I’m worried about him.”

“They left my husband and Tanya’s boyfriend on our boat.” Evelyn stated. “They just took us and all the money we had. They must be holding us for ransom.”

“These people aren’t interested in holding us for ransom.” Brittany muttered. “They’ve got other plans for us.”

“We think they’re white slave traders.” Cheryl spoke up.

Her comment scared the young girl into tears. Cringing, she curled up into a fetal position on the mattress. Her mother, Evelyn tried to comfort her but it was useless. The girl continued to cry, scared out of her wits.

The door to the room suddenly opened. An armed guard walked into the room, followed by the dark-haired woman. Instead of dressed in shorts and camouflage shirt, she was neatly attired in a denim skirt and tailored white blouse. Brittany had to admit to herself, the woman was quite beautiful. Her South American heritage unmistakable by her facial features and dark skin tone.

“You two, come with us.” The woman ordered, pointing at Brittany and Cheryl. 

The two women exited the room, following behind the woman. The armed guard remained a few paces behind the trio of women. Entering a room across from the stairs to the lower level, Brittany noticed the room was sparsely furnished. A large table was positioned in the center of the room with a few wicker chairs lined up against one wall. On the opposite wall, an old antique dresser took up a small space. The mirror on the dresser was dirty with a jagged crack running diagonal across it.

The guard slammed the door closed then took his position blocking access to it. The woman walked over to one of the wicker chairs and sat down. Her lust-filled eyes scanned over Brittany and Cheryl. Moistening her lips, she grinned evilly at them.

“Strip off your clothes!” The woman commanded. “Now!

Brittany and Cheryl briefly glanced at each other before starting to undress. Tossing their blouses and shorts on the table, the two stood before the woman wearing just their bra and panties.

“Everything!” The woman shouted. 

Complying with the command, the women removed their underwear. Standing naked in front of their captures, Brittany tried to look defiant. 

The woman looked past them at the guard, standing in front of the door. She spoke to him in Spanish, ordering him to take the clothing and leave the room. Passing by the two naked girls, he grinned, as he looked them over. 

The woman rose from her chair and approached her captives. Running her rough hands over Brittany and Cheryl’s body, she groped their breasts and buttocks. She was smiling as she assessed their bodies.

“You two will being me alot of money.” She stated. “Tomorrow you will be on your way to a new life along with the others.”

“But for now, you are mine to toy with.” She added, her sly smile turning into an evil grin.

Walking behind the two, she opened the door to the room. The armed guard stepped in and took up position in one corner of the room. 

Pushing Brittany up to the edge of the table, she pushed her face down on its surface. Grabbing Cheryl by the arm, she guided her to one of the high-back wicker chairs.

“I’ll let you watch.” The woman said, reaching down and squeezing Cheryl’s breasts. “You’ll get your turn later.”

Her words scared Cheryl. Gripping the arms of the wicker chair, she tried to steady her trembling hands.

As Brittany watched from her prone position on the table, the dark skinned woman removed her blouse and skirt. She wasn’t wearing a bra. Her breasts were rounded and appeared to be quite firm. Her dark nipples were large and erect. The woman shoved her panties down her muscular legs and stepped out of them. Tossing them with the rest of her clothes in the chair next to Cheryl, she walked over to the dresser. Opening the top drawer, she pulled out two cords. 

Brittany was watching every move the dark skinned beauty made, apprehensive of what the woman might be capable of. Walking up behind Brittany, she knelt down, grabbing her right ankle. She forced it towards one of the table’s legs, securing it with one of the cords. Forcing Brittany’s left ankle to the other leg of the table, she tied it tightly with the other cord. Brittany turned her head towards the mirror on the dresser. The woman stood up, pressing her pussy against Brittany’s ass. The thick matt of hair on the woman’s pussy crushed against the soft skin of Brittany’s butt. 

“Grab the sides of the table.” The woman commanded. 

Brittany’s hands reached out to the sides of the table. Her fingers curled around the edge of the top, gripping it firmly. The woman knelt down behind Brittany, her face inches away from her exposed pussy. Brittany cringed feeling the woman’s tongue licking her pussy. Brittany was powerless to fight off the inner feelings she was experiencing. The woman was well experienced at performing oral sex on a woman. Her tongue snaked inside Brittany’s wet pussy, swirling feverously. Brittany’s body was reacting to the woman’s seduction. With her tummy pressed against the table, her ass began bucking against the woman’s face. An orgasm quickly built and triggered itself, causing Brittany to emit a loud moan. Sucking on her clit, the woman brought Brittany to another orgasm moments after the first one faded. Brittany felt as if her body had betrayed her.

Brittany finally relaxed as the woman pulled her mouth away. With her eyes half closed, she barely saw the woman return to the dresser. Pulling a large black dildo from the dresser, she noticed several straps attached to it. Brittany’s natural reaction was to tighten her pussy muscles. The woman slipped into the harness attached to the dildo, tightening the straps.

Brittany shut her eyes tight and looked away from the mirror. Cheryl was still sitting in the chair watching everything that was going on. Her mouth gaped open when she saw what the woman was intending to do to Brittany. 

Spreading Brittany’s ass apart, the woman pressed the black dildo into Brittany’s pussy. Lubricated only by her juices, the dildo stretched Brittany’s pussy to its limits. The dark skinned beauty forced the dildo in further with each stroke until she had it all the way inside her. Brittany bit her lower lip to keep from screaming out in pain. Blood trickled down onto her chin as the pain became unbearable. The woman fucked the black dildo in out and out of Brittany hard and fast. Her pussy felt like it was on fire but she was unable to do anything about it. After a few minutes of excruciating pain, Brittany lost consciousness.

Waking later in the day, she found herself back in the bedroom with Evelyn and her daughter. Lying on the mattress, she looked around for Cheryl, but didn’t see her. The two women were kneeling next to Brittany with their hands on her trying to comfort her. She was stark naked.

“Where’s Cheryl?” Brittany muttered. 

“They didn’t bring her back.” Tanya mumbled, breaking into tears. 

“They raped you, didn’t they?” Evelyn asked, her voice in a panic. “You were bleeding when they brought you back.”

Brittany noticed a large pan with a sponge floating in the bloody water setting near the edge of the mattress.

“I hope you don’t mind that we cleaned you up?” Evelyn whispered. “We wanted to help you.”

Before Brittany could respond to the woman’s question, the door sprang open. One of the guards entered the room, pulling Cheryl by the arm. He shoved her down on one of the mattresses and quickly exited the room. Cheryl appeared to be unharmed although she looked like she was totally exhausted. Her hair was disheveled and filthy dirty. Her knees were scraped raw.

Evelyn and Tanya rushed to her aid. Cheryl rose to a sitting position on the mattress, her eyes were filled with tears. 

“We’ve got to get these fucking bastards and kill them all!” She exclaimed, looking towards Brittany.

Brittany managed to nod her head in agreement with Cheryl’s statement. Neither one of the women was about to go through what they’d just been through again. Clutching each other, the two women tried to recuperate their strength. Cheryl drifted off to sleep with Brittany’s arms around her, holding her tightly.
