 Evelyn and Brittany relaxed in the comfortable leather seating of the private jet as it cruised back towards Dallas. Both were pleased their plans were coming together; both were apprehensive about the dangerous missions ahead. 

“I’ve asked the pilots to fly me on to LAX after we drop you off in Dallas.” Evelyn stated. “I need to get some fresh clothes, maybe even spend some time with Jared and Tanya.”

“Ok.” Brittany responded. “We can’t do much till we get the latest information from Langley anyway.”

While Evelyn spent a couple of days with her husband and daughter in Beverly Hills, Brittany took some time for herself, watching her favorite movies and sleeping in late. Contacting each of the team members, she put them on alert to be ready to go.

Evelyn arrived back in Dallas late Wednesday afternoon. Brittany picked her up at the airport, fighting heavy traffic back to her apartment in Fort Worth. Evelyn seemed in good spirits, chatting about a shopping trip with her daughter and getting to sleep in her own bed for a change.

“How’s Jared?” Brittany asked.

“He hasn’t changed any.” Evelyn replied. “We didn’t spend more than a few hours together the whole time. He’s all wrapped up in his political campaign.”

Cleaning up the kitchen and diningroom after dinner, the women discussed their past weekend with Trace and Wayne.

“So, you and Trace back on again?” Evelyn inquired. “Seems like you two have got your differences worked out.”

“Well, we kinda know where each of us stands.” Brittany replied. “He knows I’m not going to get serious about him or anyone else for that matter. He‘s not wanting a serious relationship either.”

“What about you and Wayne?” Brittany quipped. “He really rocked your boat every chance he got!”

“Oh. We’re just friends.” Evelyn responded, grinning. “He’s just another notch on my bedpost! I need alot more boat rocking than he can give me.”

The sudden knock at the apartment door startled both women.

“Brad!” Evelyn exclaimed. “That’s got to be him!”

Answering the door, it was indeed, Brad Langley. Entering the apartment, he was actually expressing a true smile. Brittany noticed he had a handful of file folders under his arm.

“Damn! Knew I’d be late for dinner.” He stated, sniffing the air.

“How about a nice T-bone steak, baked potato and a salad?” Evelyn offered. “Won’t take me long to get it fixed for you?”

“Wow!” Langley exclaimed. “You ladies are spoiling me. I may have to move in.”

While Evelyn set about preparing Langley’s dinner, he and Brittany sat on the couch in the livingroom. After handing Brittany the handful of folders, he sipped on the cold beer Evelyn had brought him.

Brittany opened the first folder. It contained numerous photographs of two college students from UNC. Both girls were sophomores, studying towards degrees in journalism. They’d been kidnapped from a boat, owned by the father of one of their boyfriends. One of the boyfriends had been fatally shot during the kidnapping and tossed overboard. 

“Now for the bad news.” Langley said. “According to latest reports, the girls are no longer in Esmeralda. They’ve been taken to Yaguajay. It’s a small town on the inner coastline.”

“Why’s that bad news?” Brittany asked.  

Yaguajay is notorious for its drug trafficking and smuggling operations.” Langley replied. “It’s busy day and night.”

“Even the coastal patrols won’t enter the bay.” Langley added. “Those that have, never made it out.”

“How sure are you about your sources?” Brittany inquired. “I’d hate to go in there and find out these two girls weren’t even there.”

“Miguel Ramos has a hacienda in Yaguajay. It’s right along the coast, overlooking the bay.” Langley stated. “He keeps both girls with him and his wife at all times. Miguel isn’t the one you’ll have to worry about. His wife, Jessica is the real threat.”

“Jessica?” Brittany asked. “Sounds American?”

“She is American.” Langley replied. “She’s a former Las Vegas showgirl. Miguel met her on a trip there about seven or years ago. They got one of those quickie Vegas marriages.”

“She’s into sadomasochism and satanic worship.” Langley quipped. “She uses the girls to entertain their drug buyers. Bet she’s alot of fun at parties!”

While Brad ate the dinner Evelyn had prepared him, Brittany glanced through the remaining folders. There were grainy, black and white photographs of Miguel Ramos and his wife, Jessica along with photos of the hacienda. 

“Check out the folder with the aerial photos in it.” Langley suggested. “Those were just taken last week.”

Brittany and Evelyn examined the aerial photographs of Yaguajay and the coastline. Several photos had been enlarged to detail the docks and the area immediately surrounding the Ramos home. While the coastline was rocky with craggy outcroppings, the house appeared to be surrounded by lush, thick jungle. The house was built on a plateau, which overlooked the small town.

“Maybe we should think this over before we decide if it’s worth the risk.” Evelyn suggested. “It looks way too dangerous.”

“No. We’ll go.” Brittany replied. “If I think about it, I might talk myself out of going.”

Evelyn wasn’t happy with Brittany’s decision, realizing the mission was more dangerous than she’d ever expected. Thoughts of the entire team being killed, immediately crossed her mind. The idea of losing Brittany made her shudder with fear.

“You alright?” Brittany asked, noticing the look of fear on her face.

“I’m alright.” Evelyn replied, choking out the words. “It’s you I’m worried about.”

“I’ll be ok.” Brittany murmured, grasping the woman‘s hand in hers. “We’ll all be ok.”

“I couldn’t live with myself, knowing I financed this whole thing and got everyone killed.” Evelyn muttered.

“Think positive!” Brittany responded. “None of us is going to get killed!”

“Take my advice.” Langley said. “Take along a well stocked first-aid kit. Just in case.”

“When will you have more information about the other women?” Brittany inquired, trying to sound confident about the first mission.

“I should have just about everything by the first of next week.” Langley replied. “Depends on what comes in over the weekend.”

“You can get in touch with me in Nassau.” Evelyn stated. “I’ll be staying at the Marriott.”

“Ok, that’s not a problem.” Langley responded. “We should stay in touch so you can keep me informed on how things are going with Brittany and her gang.”

After dinner and one last beer, Langley proceeded to leave. Putting his arm around Brittany, he gave her a caring hug.

“Don’t put your life or the lives of your team in more jeopardy than’s necessary.” Brad murmured. “Don’t give up six lives trying to save two.”

Securing the door after Langley left, Brittany turned towards Evelyn.

“You wanna get the pilots ready to leave in the morning?” Brittany asked. “I’ll call the others.”

While Evelyn contacted her pilots at the Radisson Hotel, Brittany phoned Karen Denton, Duke, Richard Barnes, Jacob Marsh and the McCullough brothers.

With Evelyn’s assistance, Brittany packed a suitcase and a carry-on for the trip.

“I’m gonna grab a quick shower, maybe watch a movie before bed.” Brittany stated, trying to sound calm and collected. “Wanna join me?”

Standing in the shower, the two women lathered washcloths, thoroughly soaping each other’s bodies. Evelyn washed Brittany’s back, slowly working her hands around to her breasts. Cupping Brittany’s breasts, she fondling them gently. Brittany leaned back into Evelyn, feeling the woman’s hard nipples poking into her back. Evelyn’s fingers brushed lightly over Brittany’s nipples, teasing them till they protruded proudly from her firm breasts.

Gliding the washcloth down over Brittany’s tummy, Evelyn made light circular motions over her pubic mound. Brittany was allowing her body to enjoy the sexual pleasures Evelyn wanted to bestow on her. Slipping the washcloth between Brittany’s legs, Evelyn’s fingers slithered over the woman’s pussy. Teasing the folds with her middle finger, she slipped it inside Brittany’s pussy. Rubbing her sensitive clit, Brittany’s body pushed back hard against Evelyn, her butt pressed firmly against her seductress.

Brittany’s barely audible moans were constant as she neared orgasm. Grinding her ass hard against Evelyn, her orgasm came on strong and hard. Brittany’s body quivered savoring every moment of pure lust filled pleasure. A loud moan escaped her clenched lips.

Stepping out of the shower and barely drying themselves off, the two women rushed to Brittany’s bedroom. Jumping on the bed, they kissed passionately, their lips grinding hard. Brittany’s hands roughly massaged Evelyn’s sensitive breasts, tugging hard on the woman’s nipples. Evelyn’s head tilted back, enjoying the animalistic treatment.

Pushing Evelyn onto her back, Brittany straddled the woman. Twisting around, she firmly grasped Evelyn’s legs, spreading them apart. Bringing the woman’s legs up, she bowed her head till her lips could kiss hungrily over Evelyn’s inflamed pussy. Evelyn seized Brittany’s legs, pulling her pussy to her lips. Licking feverously up and down Brittany’s swollen pussy, she ignited desires deep with her. Brittany’s mouth sucked greedily on Evelyn’s clit, exposing the little bud to her hard tongue. Slipping two fingers deep into Evelyn’s pussy, she brought the woman to an intense orgasm. Evelyn shrieked, her fingers digging into Brittany’s legs as the orgasm consumed her wanton body. The intensity of the orgasm shook her body uncontrollably. 

Both women were breathless gasping for every breath. Letting their passions subside, Brittany and Evelyn soothed each other by gently rubbing each other’s legs, easing their tensions.

“Whew!” Evelyn exclaimed. “That was absolutely incredible!”

Brittany lifted herself off the woman turning around till she could lean over her. Kissing Evelyn tenderly brought tears to the woman’s eyes. 

“Promise me you’ll come back safely.” Evelyn murmured.

“I promise.” Brittany whispered. “I’ll come back especially for you.”

Neither of the women slept much although they were quite tired. Evelyn’s restlessness and Brittany’s anxiety kept them awake most of the night.

Waking up shortly after 4:00am, Brittany slipped on her robe and made her way to the kitchen. After preparing fresh coffee, she sat in the darkened livingroom, smoking a cigarette and watching a movie on late night television. Hearing soft footsteps behind her, she looked around to see Evelyn approaching.

“Can’t sleep?” Brittany muttered.

“Not really.” Evelyn responded. “Thought I might as well get up and sit out here with you.”

The women watched the rest of the movie before changing channels to catch one of the early morning news programs.

“Think I’ll go ahead and get the money transfers done.” Evelyn stated. “I’m sure Karen and the guys will ask if the money’s in their accounts.”

While Evelyn took care of transferring money online to each of the team member’s bank accounts, Brittany grabbed a quick shower before dressing and fixing her hair. Grabbing up the file folders Langley had brought over the night before, she stuffed them into her attaché. Making one last check of the apartment, Brittany waited patiently for Evelyn to get ready for their flight.

Brittany read over the file folders one more time during the short flight from Dallas to Tampa. She practically had the dossiers on the two college coeds committed to memory. Being able to recognize the girls from a distance through binoculars would be important.

After landing in Tampa, Evelyn and Brittany took a cab to the Bayshore Marina. Walking towards the end of the docks, the Navigator Rival fifty-seven foot cruiser sat moored in the last slip. On the other side of the narrow dock, the thirty-three foot Eliminator catamaran sat nestled in its mooring. Its bright maroon cover protected the boat’s cockpit.

Wayne McCullough came out of the cruiser’s salon, greeting the two women as they approached. He seemed quite happy to see them. 

“You’re the first ones to arrive.” Wayne stated, assisting Brittany with her luggage. 

“Where’s Trace?” Brittany inquired.

“Oh a.” Wayne mumbled. “He’s a. Well, his ex-wife kinda stopped by early this morning. The two of them went off somewhere together.”

Brittany set her attaché on the bar in the galley then proceeded out onto the rear deck of the luxurious cruiser.

“Did you know Trace had been married?” Evelyn inquired, keeping her voice low.

“Yeah. It was noted in his dossier.” Brittany responded. “No big deal. She probably heard about the money and decided to pay him a visit.”

“Maybe she heard about you.” Evelyn quipped. “Figured she better check out the competition.”

“You’re forgetting. Trace and I are just friends.” Brittany said. “There’s nothing serious between us.”

“There’s a storm just off the Keys.” Wayne stated, approaching the women. “Nothing big. It’ll pass in a few hours.”

“I doubt if everyone will get here before late afternoon.” Brittany commented. “I would like to get down to Key West though. We can stay there tonight, then head out for Andros Island in the morning.”

“Andros?” Wayne questioned. “Thought we were going to Nassau first.”

“There’s been a change of plans.” Brittany replied. “I’ll cover it with everyone as soon as they get onboard.”

Shortly before noon, Trace stepped onto the boat with his ex-wife. She was a beautiful woman in her late twenties. Her long, straight black hair trailed halfway down her back. Wearing shorts that barely covered her shapely butt and a midriff low cut top, she looked extremely hot. 

Trace introduced Evelyn and Brittany to his ex-wife, Janine. His handsome face flaunted a sly grin. 

“I’m so happy you picked Trace to be on your team.” The woman stated. “He’s quite good with a boat.

“Not to mention a few other things he’s quite good at.” She added, trying to sound brazen.

“For two-hundred thousand dollars, he better be damn good!” Brittany exclaimed. “As for the other, that’s debatable.”

“Well! I can vouch for his sexual prowess!” Janine retorted, striking a sexy pose.

“I’m sure you can.” Brittany smarted off. “Just hope you washed his dick before bringing him back.”

“Trace honey, maybe I should be going?” Janine mumbled. “I’m sure you still have alot of preparation to do.”

Trace helped Janine onto the dock. Glancing over his shoulder, he gave Brittany an enraged look before escorting his ex-wife back to her car.

“Thought there wasn’t anything between you two?” Evelyn quipped.

Brittany didn’t answer Evelyn’s comment, preferring to remain silent. Entering the living area of the cruiser, she proceeded to the master stateroom to unpack her clothes.

Trace returned to the cruiser, still angered by Brittany’s comments. Rushing past Wayne and Evelyn, he stormed into the stateroom.

“Just what the hell was all that about?” Trace shouted. “Are you jealous of Janine?”

“Jealous! Not fuckin hardly!” Brittany exclaimed. 

“You could have been a little more personable.” Trace said. “Afterall, she is my ex-wife.”

“Well, heaven forbid, I’d ever forget that!” Brittany replied in a raised voice.

“Is this a friendly argument or can anyone join in?” A female voice inquired.

Looking past Trace, Brittany saw Karen Denton standing in the doorway to the stateroom.

“Hey Karen.” Brittany replied, forcing a smile. “Glad to see you made it.”

“Can I get some help getting the stuff unloaded?” Karen asked.

“Sure. Wayne and I’ll give you a hand.” Brittany answered.

Karen led the way back up the dock to her bright red armored car. Unlocking the heavy back doors, she swung them open revealing the weaponry Evelyn and Brittany had purchased. The group loaded them on several carts to transport them back to the boat.

After stowing the guns and ammunition safely onboard the cruiser, the three women sat on the rear deck of the cruiser sipping cold refreshments. Trace and Wayne decided to pick up some last minute supplies at one of the local convenience stores.

“So. What’s the deal with you and that good looking, hunky guy?” Karen asked “He your ex-husband or your boyfriend?”

“Neither! He’s just a driver.” Brittany muttered. “Nothing more.” 

“So, he’s fair game then?” Karen inquired.

“If you wanna play the game by his rules.” Brittany replied.    Brittany spotted Richard Barnes and Jake Marsh walking down the docks, looking for the boat. Standing up, she waved her arm to get their attention. Both men, upon seeing her, picked up their pace. 

“Thought maybe you left without us.” Jacob Marsh kidded. 

“Nah, we’re just sitting here waiting for Duke to show up.” Brittany replied. “Once we get our gear loaded up, we’ll head out for Key West.”

“You guys can stow your gear in one of the staterooms.” Evelyn stated, leading the two men inside the cabin area of the boat.

“Wow, this is like a floating condo!” Richard Barnes commented.

“I could of bought a condo for what we paid for it.” Evelyn remarked, grinning. “There’s cold beer in the refrigerator. Help yourself if you want.”

With the team members all present except for Trace and Wayne, it looked like departure time was getting nearer. Brittany was slowly growing impatient waiting for Duke to show up with their gear and the heavy weapons. 

Stepping up on the dock, she slowly walked towards the marina’s parking lot. Remembering the argument earlier in the morning with Trace, she thought it best to try and make the most of the situation. It was too late to replace the McCullough brothers, at least for this mission.

Sauntering up the dock, she saw the black Hummer with Duke behind the wheel, entering the parking lot. His redheaded girlfriend was sitting in the passenger seat, beaming a big smile.

“Hey Babe!” Duke greeted, as he exited the vehicle. “Sorry about the delay!”

“I’ll get a couple of the guys to help get you unloaded.” Brittany replied.

Richard and Jake helped Duke load the gear and crates onboard the cruiser. Brittany and Evelyn sorted through the gear making sure everything was accounted for. Opening one of the boxes, Brittany took out the modified versions of the Winchester 1100’s, setting them on the carpeted floor.

“Just remember.” Duke stated, looking over Brittany’s shoulder. “Make sure you’ve got a damn good grip on it before you squeeze the trigger.”

“I’ll remember.” Brittany replied.

“Hope you remember something else.” Duke quipped. 

“I won’t forget that either.” Brittany responded, grinning. “You’ll get your pussy. That is, if I live through all this.”

“Don’t try to be a hero.” Duke spoke softly, putting his hand on Brittany’s shoulders. “You don’t have to prove anything to anybody.”

Trace and Wayne entered the cruiser’s salon, then proceeded into the galley. Trace kept taking quick glances at Duke and Brittany kneeling on the floor, examining the shotguns. He also noticed Duke’s hand on Brittany’s shoulder.

“Can you give Evelyn a ride to the airport so she can catch her plane?” Brittany asked Duke.

“Sure, be happy to.” Duke replied.

After Evelyn left with Duke and his girlfriend, Brittany gathered the group together in the salon to introduce everyone and go over the latest developments for their first mission. She detailed the location of the two college girls, passing out photographs of the pair. Afterwards, Brittany displayed the aerial photographs of the Ramos hacienda and the surrounding terrain. 

“If there’s anyone who wants out, now’s the time to step forward.” Brittany stated. “I won’t hold it against anybody for having second thoughts.”

None of the team members made any sort of gesture to back out. They all seemed more anxious than ever to get started. 

“Ok then.” Brittany commanded. “Let’s head out for Key West.”

Wayne scrambled to the upper deck of the cruiser, firing up the twin diesel engines. Richard and Jake stepped up on the deck to untie the ropes securing the cruiser.
