 Brittany woke from her nap shortly after noon. Lying on her back, she realized she was alone in her stateroom. Her legs and pussy were covered with dried cum from the earlier tryst with Richard. Slowly rising to a sitting position, she noticed the cum stains on the bedding. Waiting a few moments while her head cleared, she pulled the stained bedding into a pile stuffing them into a hamper. 

Peering out into the salon, she discovered it was empty, no sign of anyone, not even Richard. Brittany scurried to the bathroom and jumped in the shower to wash herself off. While she was toweling herself off, Richard entered the bathroom carrying a tall glass of iced tea. 

“Thought you might like a cool drink.” He said, handing her the glass.

“I sure could.” She replied, before taking a long sip of the cold refreshment. “Thanks.”

“I take it everyone’s still in town?” She added.

“I guess.” Richard replied. “Hard telling what they’re up to.”

Brittany decided to slip into her bikini and get some sun while she and Richard waited for the rest of the team to return. Lounging on the bridge of the luxurious cruiser, she and Rich discussed plans for the assault operation to recover the two kidnapped coeds.

“We’ll have Trace put us ashore a couple of miles north of Yaguajay.” Brittany stated. “We’ll have to hit the inner coast right at dawn so we can see where we’re going.”

“How long do you think it’ll take us to hike into the area?” Brittany asked.

“Better allow for at least an hour just to be safe.” Richard replied. “Hard telling what the terrain’s going to be like. I’m betting it’s rocky right along the coastline then heavy ground cover after that.”

“I’d like to have everyone in position before anyone wakes up at the hacienda.” Brittany commented. “That way we’re less likely to make a sound that might alert anyone.”

Brittany went down to the stateroom to get the aerial photographs of the Ramos hacienda. Returning to the upper deck, she set them out on the table.

“You and I will get as close to the house as possible and still have plenty of ground cover to conceal our location.” Brittany stated, pointing to one of the photographs. “I’ll have Karen at a location above us with the sniper rifle. She’ll make the first shot but only on my command.”

“How you going to communicate with her?” Richard inquired. “A hand signal?”

“No. I’ve got a headset radio for everyone.” Brittany replied. “All you have to do is key the mike to talk. All the radios are on the same frequency so everyone will hear the conversations, even Trace back at the boat.”

“What about Jake?” Richard asked. “Where’s he gonna be?”

“Jake will have to circle around the hacienda to this lower plateau.” Brittany answered, pointing to a small area just below the hacienda.

“He’ll have two Laws rockets along with his assault rifle, shotgun and pistol.” She added.

“Laws rockets!” Richard exclaimed. “You got Laws rockets!”

“Yep. Eight of them with modified sights for distance shots.” Brittany replied. “I just need to caution him not to use them unless he absolutely has to.”

“What’s he going to knock out with the rockets?” Richard asked. 

“This Quonset building.” Brittany answered, pointing to a large building on one of the photographs. “Notice how it sets aways off from the village? It’s got to be for some kind of commercial use, maybe a storage warehouse for drugs.”

“With the other rocket, Jake will need to take out the dock area if there are other boats present.” Brittany added. “If the docks are clear, he won’t have to waste one.”

“Sounds like quite a plan.” Richard said. “How many people do you figure will be at the hacienda?”

“I hope just four.” Britt responded. “Miguel, his wife Jessica and the two girls. But I’m betting there may be a servant or two. We’ll wait till they’re all outside. I don’t want to have to invade the house. That could prove disastrous for the girls. 

“What about bodyguards?” Richard mentioned. “There could be one or two of them.”

“Well, if there are, we’ll have to take them out.” Brittany said. “I just don’t want to shoot anyone who’s not armed or posing a threat.”

“How’re we gonna get out?” Richard inquired. “Hike back to the boat? That may be difficult with the two girls.”

“I’ll call Trace to come and get us as soon as we get the docks clear.” Brittany answered. “I don’t want him coming in too soon and taking a chance on getting the boat shot all to hell.”

“We’ll put the two girls below deck along with Karen and Jake.” Brittany added. “That’ll leave you and me to cover our escape.”

“You gotta plan B in case things go wrong?” Richard asked. 

“Withdraw the same way we came in.” Brittany answered. 

“Pray and keep firing till the ammos gone.” Rich stated.

“That too!” Brittany exclaimed. 

“What do we do next?” Richard asked.

“How about we put clean sheets on my bed?” Brittany quipped, grinning. 

“Huh!” Oh yeah!” Richard responded. “They were a little stained, weren’t they?”

“I’d say more than just a little.” Brittany commented.

After replacing the bedding with fresh sheets, Richard and Brittany returned to the upper deck. It was almost 4:00pm and the rest of the team hadn’t returned from their outing.

“They should have been back by now.” Richard stated.

“Yeah. I know.” Brittany responded. “I can just about imagine what kind of shape they’ll be in.”

Two hours later, the four team members still hadn’t returned to the boat. Brittany’s patience was running out, pacing back and forth on the bridge and smoking one cigarette after another.

“Still planning on leaving as soon as they get back?” Richard inquired, watching Brittany become more and more aggravated.

“No! It’s too damn late now!” She exclaimed. “I don’t want to try and hit the shoreline at Andros after dark. It‘s too chancy.”

Richard and Brittany were watching the sun sitting on the horizon when they heard a commotion on the docks. Richard jumped up and looked over the starboard side of the boat.

“Kids are home!” He exclaimed, jokingly. “And Boy, they look like hell!”

Brittany quickly climbed down the ladder to the rear deck of the boat. Wayne and Trace were both intoxicated to the point where it was difficult to tell which one was helping the other walk. Jake was holding up Karen, trying to get her to move one foot in front of the other. He appeared to be the only one fairly sober.

With Trace and Wayne safely tucked away in their stateroom, Richard and Brittany concentrated on taking care of Karen. She’d consumed enough alcohol to knock herself out. Richard and Jake carried her into the master stateroom. Brittany managed to get her shorts and t-shirt off before covering her with a blanket.

“That must have been some party!” Brittany said to Jake.

“They were trying to out drink each other and I guess we lost track of time.” Jake responded, offering an excuse.

“We’ll stay here for the night and leave in the morning.” Brittany stated. “Why don’t you get some sleep?”

Waking around 4:00am the following morning, Brittany eased off the sleeper sofa trying not to wake up Richard, who was sleeping next to her. Finding her cigarettes in the dark, she lit one up before stepping out onto the rear deck. The cool breeze blowing in off the sea and flashes of lightning in the northwest were definite signs of a passing storm.

The light over the counter in the galley came on suddenly, illuminating Richard as he made a pot of fresh coffee. Waiting for it to brew, he stepped out on the deck to join Brittany.

“I didn’t wake you, did I?” Brittany asked.

“Nah, I woke up when I sensed you weren’t lying next to me.” Richard answered. “I missed the smell of your hair, the scent of your skin and the warmth of your body.”

“Well, aren’t you quite the romantic?” Brittany quipped as a smile appeared on her face.

“Like I said. I might be old but I’m not dead.” Richard replied with a smile matching Brittany’s.

Brittany and Richard sat at the table on the rear deck sipping the fresh brewed coffee.

“I was surprised you didn’t jump all over everyone last night when they showed up drunk.” Richard stated.

“Maybe it wasn’t so much a drinking contest as it was a quick way to get their minds of the danger they were facing.” Brittany responded. “Maybe we all should have gotten drunk.”

At 7:00am, Brittany entered the McCullough brother’s stateroom. Both men were still asleep, dressed in the clothing they’d worn the previous day. Brittany shook Wayne to get him to wake up.

“Get your ass out of bed and in the shower!” Brittany shouted. “I want you up at the helm in one hour!”

Wayne tried pushing Brittany’s hand away so he could go back to sleep but she wasn’t going to let him. Grabbing his ear, she pulled him up to a sitting position. His screams of pain filled the stateroom, waking up Trace.

“You too asshole!” Brittany shouted. “One hour or I’m throwing your ass overboard!”

After grabbing a quick shower and fixing her hair, Brittany slipped into a bright yellow bikini. Entering the salon, she passed by Wayne and Trace sitting at the bar, drinking coffee.

“Let’s get over to the fuel station so we can top off the tanks.” Brittany commanded. “I’ll drive the powerboat.”

“Hey! Really like that bikini!” Wayne exclaimed. 

“Thanks! You’d really like what’s in it!” Brittany smarted off as she kept on walking. 

While she and Richard checked the engines on the powerboat before starting them, Wayne eased the luxury cruiser away from its mooring slip. Trace was standing on the back of the boat, intently watching Richard and Brittany.

“Don’t think Trace especially likes me being on the boat with you.” Richard commented.

“I don’t really care what he thinks.” Brittany quickly responded. “He’s probably too hung over to think straight anyway.”

After topping off the fuel tanks on both boats, the team was ready to set course for Andros Island. Richard purchased some ice, soft drinks and snacks for the trip. Brittany stood on the dock with Trace, helping cast off the lines to the cruiser.

“120 degrees southeast.” Brittany shouted up to Wayne, standing at the helm.

“I know how to get there.” Wayne retorted, grinning. “Just what do I get when we get to the island?”

“Dinner, if you’re lucky!” Brittany quipped, striking a sexy pose. “It’s too warm for hell to freeze over!”

Brittany fired up the Eliminator’s twin five-hundred horsepower engines, letting them settle into a low rumbling idle. Easing the powerboat away from the dock, she led the cruiser out of the marina. Once out of the harbor, she eased the throttle levers slightly forward. The bow of the catamaran lifted a few degrees before planing out. The roar of the powerful engines grew louder the more Britt eased the throttles forward. Watching the speedometer approaching seventy-five miles per hour with more throttle left only encouraged her to push the boat to its limits. 

Richard was sitting in the passenger seat, his hands firmly gripping the safety bar on the dash. Firmly planting her butt in the driver’s seat, Brittany shoved both throttle levers all the way forward. As the boat skimmed across the surface of the water, she gripped the wheel tight with both hands. The thundering roar of the engines was deafening as the speedometer hit one-hundred miles per hour. Glancing in the dash’s rearview mirror, Brittany was unable to see the top of the rooster tails as the stainless steel props churned the water.

Brittany gradually eased the throttle levers back till the boat was cruising along at forty miles per hour. It felt like the boat was drifting along compared to its previous speed.

“WOOO! That was incredible!” Richard exclaimed. “Like riding a rocket!”

“I asked Wayne to reverse the props to inboard rotation so we’d have more top end speed.” Brittany stated. “With the team and equipment onboard, we’ll need all the speed we can get.”

A few minutes after 11:00am, Brittany eased the Eliminator powerboat into a quiet and deserted cove along the southern shoreline of the Andros Island. Shutting down the engines, the rumbling sounds were instantly replaced by the sound of warm breezes blowing through the trees and the occasional cawing of tropical birds.

“How about some lunch?” Richard suggested. 

“Sounds good to me.” Brittany responded. “It’ll be awhile before the others get here.”

“A short while or a long while?” Richard quipped. 

“Time enough to eat.” Brittany replied, grinning. “And time enough to do whatever else we want to indulge in.” 

Richard prepared the sandwiches and the snacks while Brittany poured the soft drinks. Sitting on the bench seat at the rear of the boat, the couple enjoyed the peace and quiet as well as each other’s company. After finishing their lunch, Brittany and Richard dove into the water to cool off.

Splashing about in the water, Brittany and Richard forgot about the dangers they’d soon be facing. Brittany warmly welcomed Richards’s amorous gestures as they clung to each other in the cool waters. Their kisses were warm and tender, slowly becoming more passionate. 

Climbing back aboard the powerboat, Brittany stretched out on her tummy on the front deck. Richard stretched out beside Brittany, his hand gently massaging her back. Untying the top of her bikini, he leaned down, placing soft kisses along the back of her neck. 

“Want me to stop?” He whispered, brushing the straps at the top of her bikini aside.

“Never.” Brittany mumbled.

Richard continued placing warm kisses over Brittany shoulders, slowly working his way down her back. Brittany raised up slightly, allowing Richard’s hand to reach beneath her to cup and massage her breasts. His fingers tweaked her nipples, teasing them till they hardened. A low moan, barely audible, escaped Brittany’s clenched lips.

Richard’s nimble fingers untied the knots securing the bottom of Brittany’s bikini. Slipping his hand beneath the material, his fingers eased their way over her firm butt towards the moist lips of her pussy. Spreading her legs apart, his kisses trailed over her firm butt down to Brittany’s pussy. Unwilling to control her desires, Brittany’s ass lifted from the beach towel. Richard positioned himself behind her, lightly running his tongue up and down the hot slit of her wanton pussy. 

Brittany was unconsciously licking her lips as Richard worked her pussy, bringing her close to orgasm. His tongue slid between the folds of her pussy, licking the entrance to her pussy. Brittany’s ass slowly ground against his face, savoring the stimulating pleasures. Stroking her pussy with his fingers, Richard worked Brittany’s clit till she came. Her ass was humping wildly against his hand, not wanting him to stop stroking her.

Resting on her knees and elbows, Brittany’s breathing was coming in quick gasps. Richard quickly slipped out of his swim trunks and knelt behind Brittany. Gripping her hips firmly in his strong hands, he gently worked his hard cock inside her pussy. Lubricated by her cum, his cock easily penetrated Brittany, bringing a loud moan of pleasure of her lips.

Feeling his cock firmly in the grasp of Brittany’s pussy, he felt the pleasure beginning to build in his own body. Slowly fucking her, he felt his balls heating up the thick cum inside him. Gradually increasing his tempo, Richard fucked her harder and faster. His hands kept their tight grip on Brittany’s hips as he fucked her. Brittany’s orgasm was coming quick and strong. The harder Richard fucked her, the faster the orgasm developed. Exploding insider her, its intensity crested, taking her to new heights in sexual pleasure. Brittany screamed out Richard’s name as she felt her body captured by the powerful orgasm.

Richard kept pumping his hard cock into Brittany, forcing his pelvis hard against her ass. Cumming inside Brittany, his cock spewed its hot, thick fluid. A loud groan emanated from his throat when he forced his cock deep into Brittany as the last of his cum shot into her pussy. Easing back, Richard’s cock slipped from her pussy. The last few drops of cum trickled from Brittany’s pussy onto the beach towel. The couple stayed motionless for several moments trying to catch their breath. Richard and Brittany stretched out next to each other on the cum-soaked beach towel. 

Later that afternoon, Brittany and Richard spotted the cruiser approaching from the northwest. Coming to an idle a short distance from the shoreline, the cruiser drifted alongside the powerboat. Richard and Brittany secured the boat to the shore.

“Where’s Trace and Karen?” Brittany asked, noticing they weren’t on the bridge with Wayne and Jake.

“There down in the stateroom, taking a nap.” Wayne responded, grinning. “At least, I think that’s what they’re doing.”

Brittany entered the stateroom, finding the two asleep in each other’s arms. Both were completely naked. Karen’s legs and pussy were covered in dried cum. Brittany shook them both till they woke up.

“Hurry up and get showered.” Brittany commanded. “We need to go over the plans for the rescue mission.”

Once the team members were gathered in the salon, Brittany reviewed her plans for rescuing the two college coeds from the Ramos hacienda. Spreading the photographs out on the table, she made sure everyone knew their job and where they’d be positioned during the mission. 

“Under no circumstances should anyone take any unnecessary chances that might endanger the lives of the team or the lives of these two girls.” Brittany emphatically stated. “And, don’t shoot anyone who’s not armed or posing a threat.”

“Don’t kill just for the sake of killing!” She exclaimed, looking intently at Karen.

“What if we get intercepted by a patrol boat?” Jake inquired. “Do we fire or not?”

“NO! Don’t fire even if they fire on us.” Brittany quickly responded. “I don’t want to start some kind of international incident.”

“You’re gonna just let them shoot us out of the water?” Jake retorted.

“No. Just don’t shoot back unless you absolutely have to.” Brittany replied. “I’d rather try and outrun them. They’re patrol boats are slow and heavy. I’d rather try and outrun their guns.”

Jake wasn’t happy with Brittany’s decision but he wasn’t about to go against direct orders. During his last stint in Vietnam, he’d disobeyed orders and it resulted in several injuries. He didn’t want that to happen again, almost thirty years later.

“Let’s get the boats into position.” Brittany ordered. “I want to hit the inner coast around 5:00, as close to sunrise as possible.”

With Wayne at the helm of the cruiser and Trace driving the powerboat, they moved the boats to within fifty miles of the Cuban coastline. Securing the Eliminator to the cruiser, Trace made one last check of the boat. 

“Everything ok?” Brittany asked, when Trace boarded the cruiser.

“With the boat, yeah.” He grumbled, stepping into the salon. 

Jake and Richard were in the stateroom, trying to get some sleep before the early morning assault. Karen was stretched out across the bed in the master stateroom, catching a nap. 

“You want something to drink?” Wayne asked from the galley. “Got some coffee left.”

“Yeah, coffee’s fine.” Brittany replied. “It won’t keep me awake but I doubt if I’ll sleep anyway.”

Brittany sat on the couch in the salon. Trace came over and sat down next to her, putting his arm around her. Brittany started to make a remark but decided to remain silent. 

“No sense on taking a chance on starting an argument.” She thought.

Waking up around 2:00am, Brittany cleared her eyes before getting up from the couch. Trace still had his arm around her, holding her close. She shook him gently to wake him.

“Better get everyone up.” She muttered. “We’ll need to leave in an hour or so.”

Brittany woke up Karen before grabbing a quick shower. Trace woke up Jake and Richard, informing them of the time. Wayne was bustling around in the galley, trying to hide his nervousness. 
