 It was early evening when Brittany arrived back at Evelyn Brook’s beachfront home in Santa Barbara. Pulling into the driveway, she noticed a white Ford Taurus parked near the front door. The sticker near the license plate alerted Brittany it was a rental car.

Hearing voices out on the deck, Brittany strolled out to investigate. She was slightly but pleasantly surprised to see Brad Langley chatting with Evelyn over drinks. Brad’s face lit up at the sight of Brittany approaching them. 

“You’re a sight for sore eyes!” He exclaimed. “Thought I was going to have to issue an arrest warrant if I was ever going to see you again.”

“I’ve been busy.” Brittany responded. “Didn’t know we had anything left to discuss.”

“Evelyn did tell you I was forming a new task force within the DEA, didn’t she?” Langley inquired.

“Yeah, but I don’t see how that has anything to do with me.” Brittany replied, taking a seat next to Evelyn.

“I’d like you to come and work with me.” He stated. “Doing what you do best.”

“You mean having sex or killing people?” Brittany joked. 

“Mission planning and investigations.” Langley replied, grinning. “You won’t have to kill anyone.”

“As for the sex.” He continued. “Well …… I’ll let you be the judge of that.”

Brittany lit up a cigarette, preparing to listen to Langley’s sales pitch, more out of courtesy than consideration. Sitting behind a desk in some cramped little office in D.C. wasn’t the way she foresaw the rest of her life. Working for a government agency and playing by their rules wasn’t the way she liked to operate. 

The newly created task force Langley was heading up would operate outside the conventional realm of DEA tactics. The team’s objective would be to provide continuous harassment hostile to drug traffickers transporting their illegal narcotics from South America to the states. 

Operating from a base in Freeport on the Grand Bahama Island, the team would have the latest innovations in surveillance, tracking and communication technology at their disposal. Access to a powerboat and twin-engine aircraft would also be provided for the team.

“Sound interesting but what about all the red-tape and regulations we’d have to follow?” Brittany inquired.

“There won’t be any red-tape or regulations.” Brad Langley replied. “You and the team will be acting independently from the agency. Sort of like the privateers during the seventeenth century.”

“What about pay?” Brittany asked. “You haven’t mentioned anything about money.”

“That’s cause I’ve been saving the best for last.” He responded. “As team leader, you’ll receive a salary plus a percentage of the street market value of the narcotics. The more drugs you intercept, the more money your team will make.”

Brittany had alot more questions to ask but she didn’t want to show any outward signs of interest in working for Langley right off. Stalling him with her answer might give her leverage to form the team to her liking.

“I’ve got three-million in the bank.” Brittany stated. “I really don’t need to work.”

“Don’t forget, you’ve got a book to put together too.” Evelyn spoke up. “That’s going to take some time.”

“I’m willing to wait a few weeks.” Langley responded. “Though I would like to have your answer as soon as possible.”

“I’ll think about it.” Brittany replied. “I’m not going to make a commitment without thinking things over.”

“I’ve got to fly back to Washington in the morning.” Langley stated. “Can you call me before then and let me know your answer?”

“No way!” Brittany exclaimed. “Give me a few days. Even if I say yes, I want your assurance I’ll have absolute control of everything including who is and isn’t on the team.”

“I’m willing to go along with whatever you want if it’s within reason.” Langley responded. “As long as I get the results I need.”

After Brad left to return to his hotel, Evelyn and Brittany discussed his proposal. Brittany wasn’t completely sold on the idea but she found herself intrigued by the challenge. Evelyn sensed Brittany’s interest was positive and she would eventually accept Brad‘s offer.

The next morning, Brittany received a phone call from Kyle Thornton to arrange a meeting with Dayton Cavanaugh to discuss writing her story. Anxious to get started on the book, Brittany readily agreed to fly up to Redmond, Oregon to meet with the author. 

The following day, Evelyn and Brittany made the seventy-five minute flight for the meeting. Dayton Cavanaugh, a man in his early sixties, was very receptive to writing the book. He and Brittany agreed she would voice record her story on compact disks, then FedEx the media as she compiled the accounts of the rescue missions. Cavanaugh would have freedom to enhance and augment the story as he put her words into book form. However, Brittany would have the final say when it came to the editing.

During the flight back to Santa Barbara, Evelyn brought up the subject of Kyle Thornton. 

“You never did say how the meeting went.“ She said. 

“The meeting was short, sweet and to the point.” Brittany remarked. “We had a nice luncheon afterwards.”

“And after that?” Evelyn inquired. “I assume you and Kyle clinched the deal.”

“Yeah, but just one time.” Brittany replied. “Once was all I could take it. I thought he was going to split me in two.”

“I take it, Kyle’s pretty big between the legs.” Evelyn quipped.

“Like a horse!” Brittany joked.

“He’s got himself a little hideaway just off the Coast Highway.” Brittany added. “I’m betting he gets alot of use out of it.”

“Wonder if his wife knows about it?” Evelyn said.

“Maybe, maybe not.” Brittany replied. “That reminds me. Kyle said his wife wants to meet me sometime. I told him to have her call me but I doubt if she will.”

“What about Langley?” Evelyn questioned. “Thought anymore about his offer?”

“Yeah, a little.” Brittany answered. “I may call him tomorrow and talk some more about it.”

The next morning, Brittany awoke early, well before Evelyn. Preparing a fresh pot of coffee in the kitchen, she looked out as a light rain fell. After showering and getting dressed, Brittany poured herself a cup of coffee and lit up a cigarette. Taking a notepad from her purse, she began jotting down notes on things she wanted to discuss with Brad Langley.

Later in the morning, Brittany set up the recording equipment in one of the spare bedrooms. Evelyn sat quietly on the foot of the bed as Brittany began her story from the very beginning. The words flowed off Brittany’s lips much easier than she expected. Memories hidden deep in the back of her mind suddenly came to light. By noon, Brittany was already on her second compact disk, her dissertation of events emanating with every minute detail and word of dialogue.

Taking a break for lunch, the two sat at the diningroom table discussing the progression of Brittany’s story. Taking Evelyn’s suggestion, Brittany decided to call it a day and let her mind refresh itself. There was always tomorrow. 

While Evelyn made backup copies of the compact disks, Brittany phoned Brad Langley in D.C. Brad pushed her for an answer right off but Brittany had questions she wanted answers to first and terms she wanted to discuss. Their phone conversation lasted for well over an hour as the two discussed details and stipulations. Brittany finally gave Langley the answer he wanted to hear. Agreeing to meet in Miami in two weeks, the two would finalize plans and begin forming the team.

Over the next ten days, Brittany continued working on her story till it was finished. Dayton Cavanaugh was sending the written works down from his home in Redmond for Brittany to review and edit. She was very impressed with the way the book was progressing.

While Brittany planned for her trip to Miami to meet with Langley, Evelyn made arrangements to meet with her husband, Jared, on his campaign tour.

“You should drop down to Key West and see the guys while you’re in Miami.” Evelyn suggested. “They’d love to see you.”

“I’m planning to.” Brittany responded. “Maybe they’ll take me out fishing on their new boat.”

“Maybe they’ll want to do alot more than fishing.” Evelyn quipped, grinning. “Just be sure you take it easy on them. Remember, they are my business partners.”

Early Tuesday morning, Evelyn and Brittany left the beachfront home on their respective trips. Brittany had accepted Evelyn’s offer to have the private jet at her disposal. Arriving in Miami before noon, Brittany checked into the Hyatt Regency where Langley had made reservations for a suite. Brad Langley arrived later in the afternoon with a cartload of information along with his luggage.

“Let’s have dinner before we get started.” He suggested. “I haven’t eaten anything since breakfast except for some nuts on the airplane.”

After enjoying a great dinner in the hotel’s restaurant, Brittany and Langley returned to their suite. 

“By the way. How’s the book coming along?” Langley casually asked.

“It’s done. At least my part anyway.” Brittany answered. “Cavanaugh’s still writing the last chapters.”

“Can’t wait to read it.” Langley commented. “Especially if I’m in it.”

“You’re in it, just under a different name.” Brittany stated. “I didn’t want to jeopardize your career.” 

Langley opened up one of the boxes of information, taking out several folders. The first file contained information and photographs on the aircraft the team would have at their disposal. The twin-engine plane, a two-year old Piper Seneca V could seat four comfortably plus the pilot and copilot. Brittany suggested removing two of the rear-facing seats to make room for surveillance equipment. Brad consented, agreeing it was a good idea.

The next folder held information on the powerboat. The three year old Donzi 38ZX wasn’t in the best of condition. It was a theft recovery that had been confiscated during a drug raid. The powerboat was currently sitting in dry dock at a marina in Fort Lauderdale where it was being reconditioned.

“How long before it’s ready?” Brittany inquired.

“I called them this morning before I left D.C.” Langley replied. “They’re saying another week to ten days.”

“That’ll give you time to put the team together and get situated at Freeport.” He added. “I’m not sure how much you’ll need the boat anyway.”

“If we’re gonna intercept drug shipments on the water, we’re damn sure gonna need a good, fast boat, not some piece of floating crap!” Brittany exclaimed. “We get this boat, it better be in damn good condition!”

“Ok, Ok.” Langley retorted. “I’ll see if I can come up with another boat later on. For now, this one will have to do.”

“What about the personnel files?” Brittany inquired. “Did you bring me any prospects?”

“Yeah, got a bunch of ‘em.” Brad replied. “I’ve only got one prospect for a pilot though. But, he’s probably the best you’d find anyway.”

Taking a folder from another case, he tossed it on the table. Brittany scanned the file over before going back and reading it in detail. The pilot, Rob Garrison, was a former air cargo pilot with several years of flying experience. He was twenty-eight years old, single, born and raised in southern Oklahoma. Brittany didn’t know anything about airplanes or pilots, except what she’d picked up flying on Evelyn’s private jet. Brittany silently admitted he was quite handsome from his picture.

“If he’s all you got, I guess he’ll have to do.” Brittany finally commented, after reading the file.

“I’ve met with Rob several times.” Langley stated. “He’s dedicated to putting an end to all the drug trade. His wife was killed in a car accident a couple of years ago. The guy that hit her was high on cocaine. Ever since then, he’s been an advocate of putting an end to the drug business.”

“Who else did you bring me?” Brittany asked. “Any shooters?”

“We’ll get to them later.” Brad responded. “Let’s talk tech people first.”

Langley took a handful of folders from the case. Stacking them on the table, he handed the first one to Brittany. 

“I’ve sorted through these people myself.” He stated. “I think you’ll find them more than competent.”

Brittany began reading through the files, one folder after another. The personnel files held information on people with surveillance and communications experience. As long as they could handle the job and work with her, she wasn’t too concerned with who got put on the team.

“They look ok to me.” Brittany said, tossing the last folder on the table. “We probably only need two people for surveillance and one for communications. I don’t want anymore people on the team than’s necessary.”

“Sounds fine with me.” Langley responded. “I’ll get in touch with them as soon as I get back to Washington.”

“Let’s get down to something I know about.” Brittany said. “Let’s see some shooters.”

Langley placed two stacks of folders on the table. Brittany was astonished there were so many applicants for her to choose from.

“I’m going to bed.” Langley spoke, a big grin on his face. “You can read through these without my help.”

Brad proceeded to his bedroom, leaving Brittany alone in the livingroom. Fixing herself a straight Scotch and lighting up a cigarette, she sat down on the couch with a few of the folders in her lap. After several drinks and an ashtray filled with cigarette butts, Brittany decided to go to bed. It was almost 4:00 in the morning. Passing by Langley’s bedroom, she could hear him snoring loudly, deep in sleep.

It was almost noon the next day when Brittany awoke from a sound sleep. After taking a long hot shower and getting dressed, she joined Langley in the living area of the suite. He was watching a noon news program on the television.

“How about some lunch?” He suggested. “It’s too late for breakfast.”

“No thanks.” Brittany responded. “Just coffee and my cigarettes. That’s all I want.”

Langley poured Brittany a cup of coffee from the refreshment center in the room while she lit up a cigarette. 

“How many of the files did you get through?” He asked. 

“All of them.” Brittany replied. “I picked out three people, two men and a woman.”

“You got through them all!” Brad exclaimed. “What time did you get to bed?”

“Around 4:00.” Brittany answered. “Didn’t take me long to go through some of the files. Others I read over a few times before making my decision.”

“Who’d you end up picking?” Langley asked.

Brittany walked to the table and picked up three of the file folders, handing them to Langley.

“I’ll take these three.” She said. “You wanna get in touch with them or you want me to?”

“I’ll take care of it.” Langley replied. “How soon do you want me to have them in Freeport?”

“That’s something else we need to talk about.” Brittany stated. “I don’t think Freeport’s the place we want to base.”

“Why?” Langley questioned. “It’s right at the northern edge of the Bahamas.”

“That’s the reason why.” Brittany replied. “It’s too far north. Hell, it’s north of Miami! 

“We need to be much farther south and west.” She continued.

Brittany took her laptop computer from a tan leather attaché. Booting it up, she clicked on her mapping program. Pointing out Freeport and Nassau on the screen, she noted their location from Miami.

“We’re way off the trafficking lanes.” Brittany stated. “We’ll miss runners heading for the Keys, Miami and the Everglades.”

“Well Crap!” Brad exclaimed. “What the hell are we gonna do now? I’ve already leased two condos in Freeport.”

“That’s your problem, not mine.” Brittany responded. “We need to base at the southern tip of Andros Island. There’s several coves and inlets that are perfect for the operation. We’d have protection from storms as well as a scope on any water and air traffic traveling north.”

Langley admitted he’d made a big error in picking Freeport for a base. He was now concerned with how to get out of the signed leases.

“Keep one of the condos for the team to use as a retreat for R and R.” Brittany suggested. “Use the other for your own use. We taxpayers will never know the difference.”

“That’ll work!” Brad exclaimed with a smile forming on his face. “After all, it is a sort of business expense.”

“Are there any condos or houses available to rent at the south end of Andros Island?” He asked.

“Not hardly!” Brittany answered, laughing. “There’s nothing there but beach, rocks and overgrowth.”

“Fuck!” Langley shouted. “Now we are screwed! Maybe we better fall back and rethink this whole thing.”

“Hang on. Let’s not give up so easy.” Brittany responded. “Let me work on the accommodations.”

“Till then, let everyone know, they might be camping.” She added. “I don’t want anyone to be surprised.”

“I’m sorry.” Brad said, dejectedly. “I’ve put everyone in a bad situation.”

“Brad, it’s ok.” Brittany said, trying to comfort him. “We’ll get by alright. I’ll come up with something.”

Her words didn’t seem like they were of much comfort even though Brittany meant what she said. 

“Just have everyone meet in Freeport two weeks from today.” She added. “I’ll take it from there.”

“Ok. I’ll get things rolling.” Langley muttered. “Let me know if there’s anything else I can do. I’ll try and get it right this time.”

“Can you leave me the file folders, just the ones I need?” Brittany asked. “The rest you can take back to D.C. with you.”

“Of course.” Langley replied. “I’ve got copies of everything back in my office.”

“You flying back to California right away?” He asked. 

“No. I’m gonna stay in Miami for a couple of days.” Brittany answered. “Do some shopping, probably drive down to Key West and visit some friends.”  It was early evening when Langley left for the airport to catch a flight back to Washington. Brittany ordered dinner from room service, sitting out on the balcony, reviewing the files over for another time.

The next morning, Brittany arranged for a rental car through the hotel‘s agency. She took her time making the drive down the Overseas Highway to Key West, arriving shortly before noon. Parking in the marina’s parking lot, Brittany grabbed her shoulder bag and strolled down one of the piers. She was strangely reluctant to meet her former team members, afraid they’d reject her. Thoughts of turning around and going back crossed her mind, stopping Brittany dead in her tracks.

Seeing the guy’s fishing boat docked near the end of the pier, she approached it slowly. Richard was standing at the back of the boat, working on one of the fishing pole holders. He didn’t see or hear Brittany approaching, even with her high-heels clicking on the wooden dock.

“Hey old timer!“ Brittany shouted, standing next to the boat. “How about a boat ride?”

“Not today, Hon!” Richard responded, not taking his eyes off the task at hand. “Storm’s coming in from the west.”

Richard suddenly turned around, recognizing the voice.

“Oh My!” He exclaimed. “Britt!”

Richard jumped up on the dock. Grabbing Brittany in his strong arms, he hugged her close, crushing her against his chest.

“Jake and I thought we’d never see you again.” He muttered, his eyes welling with tears of joy. “Evelyn said you were doing alot better. I mean ……………”

“It’s ok.” Brittany responded, brushing a tear from Richard’s face. “I had a weird bout with depression for awhile but I’m over it.”

Richard hugged her again, not quite as hard as before. His right hand pulled her head against his chest. His heart was beating excitedly, hard and fast.

“Oh God, I missed you.” He murmured. “Jake and I both have.”

“Where is ole Jake?” Brittany asked, her head nestled against Richard’s chest.

“He’s up at the marina store, picking up some supplies.” Richard responded, releasing his strong grasp. “He’s gonna flip out when he sees ya.”

“Why don’t you show me your new boat?” Brittany suggested. “Evelyn told me about your business venture together.”

Stepping onboard the boat, Richard kept his arm around Brittany’s waist like he was afraid to let go of her. The boat was a luxurious ’97 Hatteras Sportfisherman in excellent condition, sixty-foot long and eighteen foot wide. Its four staterooms and two full heads with showers could easily accommodate six passengers. The galley had all the latest in cooking conveniences. A large screen television with DVD and VCR sat in the salon.
