 Two weeks had passed since Victor Ramirez and his wife had made their unexpected and tension-filled visit to the team’s base camp at the southern edge of Andros Island. The “Caribbean Raiders”, as the team had become known as to the news media, were counting down the days till they disbanded. 

Drug interceptions had fallen off drastically but the radar screens were still being observed around the clock. The team was confident drugs were still being transported out of South America to the U.S. but the runners weren’t using the areas being monitored. Although, things seemed peaceful, everyone on the team remained tense. Amanda seemed to be especially tense worrying about whether to return to her Secret Service job or not. All the shooting had finally gotten the best of her. 

Back in the states, Jared Brooks, Evelyn’s husband had been elected into political office in California. Since he had chosen to move to Sacramento, Evelyn had decided to sell their Beverly Hills home and move permanently into the beach house in Santa Barbara.

One morning while the “Raiders” were eating breakfast on the front deck of the houseboat, Brittany’s cell phone rang. Answering the call, she found herself talking with Evelyn Brooks.

“Got some bad news for you.” Evelyn began the conversation. “Hope your sitting down.”

“What? What’s the matter?” Brittany asked, scared the news was about her closest friend.

“Rick Cranor shot and killed his wife last night at their home in Coral Gables.” Evelyn stated, her voice cracking as she spoke. “Then he shot himself. They’re both dead.”

“Oh God No!” Brittany exclaimed. “That’s terrible!” 

“My new boat’s still at their dealership along with some of the boats we’ve confiscated!” She said, suddenly remembering about them.

“I know. I know.” Evelyn responded. “I tried calling there this morning. Some security guard told me everything’s locked down tight. Nothing‘s moving in or out.”

“Can you keep me posted on what’s going on there?” Brittany asked. “I know you’re busy but I can’t get away for at least another week or so.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Evelyn said. “Let me take care of things in Miami. You just keep yourself safe till this drug assignment is over.”

Although Brittany was greatly concerned about the boats, she was confident Evelyn could handle any situation that arose. The additional worry didn’t help matters, pushing her nerves nearer to their breaking point.

Informing everyone about the circumstances in Miami, Brittany suggested they allow any suspected drug boats to pass by their location and inform the DEA encampment on Bimini to let them make the interception. 

“If that’s agreeable with everyone, let’s go that way.” She said. “We don’t need to confiscate every boat we take out of commission.”

Everyone was in agreement. It was much less risky and with just over a week left to go, why take chances this late in the game. It just wasn’t worth it. 

That evening, the group sat around discussing their hopes and plans for when they returned to the states. It was a subject they’d never discussed openly as a group.

Frank and Ray Caposi were working on plans to establish their own security business in Atlanta. Vince and Todd were hoping to expand their surveillance systems business, maybe taking it to the international level.

“I just wanna get back to my daughter, Leanne and squeeze the life out of her.” Kimmie said, her eyes welling with tears. “Then take a nice long vacation. After that, I may go looking for a husband.”

“Getting used to having a man around, huh?” Todd kidded. “All that sex, got you woke up.”

“Damn straight!” Kimmie responded. “That’s one thing I’m gonna miss. The sex has been incredible!” 

“The close friendship we’ve all formed is something I’ll never forget.” She added as her tears started flowing from her eyes. “I’ll remember everyone of you ……… always.”

Her statement just about brought everyone to tears. Kimmie had stated what everyone was feeling. A long silence fell over the group.

“What about you Amanda? Thought about what you’re gonna do?” Vince inquired, breaking the silence.

“Only Brittany knows that I’m on loan from another government agency.” Amanda murmured. “I work for the Secret Service but I’ve made up my mind to resign as soon as I get back to Washington. I‘ve had enough of this espionage and being in dangerous situations to last a lifetime. I‘ve just had enough, that‘s all.”

“What about you, Rob?” Kimmie asked. “We know you can’t wait to get back to your son in Oklahoma. What about after that?”

“I’m not sure.” Rob said, glancing briefly at Brittany. “All I know is flying and a little bit about farming.”

“With the money you’ll have when you get back home, you could open up your own flying service.” Frank suggested.

“I thought about that.” Rob responded. “But it’d probably mean being away from Tyler alot and having my sister take care of him. I want to spend as much time with him as I can. I just want to be the father I should be. I can‘t wait to take him fishing. He loves doing that. I just want to be a father.”

Everyone’s eyes focused on Brittany, anxious to hear her plans. She remained silent, her eyes looking down at the floor in front of her.

“Well, come on!” “Ray exclaimed. “Let’s hear your plans. Everyone‘s dying to hear them.”

“I don’t have any plans.” Brittany stated, her voice stammering. “I really don’t. Probably go back to Dallas and crawl into bed and sleep for a week is about it.”

“What about a book?” Amanda suggested. “Caribbean Raiders sounds like a good title.”

“No! No more books!” Brittany replied. “I almost wish I hadn’t written the first one. It’s caused me nothing but grief.” 

“Guess that rules out a movie then.” Frank surmised. 

“I traded off the movie rights to Evelyn Brooks.” Brittany responded. “That’s how I paid for this houseboat.”

Everyone was dumbfounded at Brittany’s statement; not realizing the houseboat was hers and not the DEA’s.

“I don’t really need to work.” Brittany commented. “I’ve got enough money in the bank to live off the interest.”

“What about marriage?” Vince inquired. “Surely you’ll get married someday and start a family.”

“I was engaged once.” Brittany muttered, lighting up a cigarette. “I caught the bastard fucking my sister. He married her! 

“Guess you can pretty well figure out how I feel about marriage.” She retorted.

“Not all men are like that.” Todd stated. “There’s still alot of good men left out there.”

“I’m sure there are.” Brittany responded. “I’m just not looking anymore.”

Later that evening as everyone but Vince was preparing to turn in, Brittany noticed Amanda hitting the Scotch pretty hard.

“Hey! Why don’t you sleep with me this evening?” Brittany suggested. “You look like you could use a little companionship.”

“Just you and I or with Rob too?” Amanda inquired, grinning sheepishly.

“With Rob, of course.” Brittany murmured, smiling coyly.

Once inside the master stateroom, Brittany helped Amanda out of her clothes while Rob shed his clothes like an escape artist. Rob lit a few fragranced candles to set the mood as Brittany stripped down to her white g-string panties. 

Taking a bottle of massage oil from the dresser, she poured some of its contents over Amanda’s breasts. Rob worked the oil into her firm breasts, gently massaging them. Brittany climbed on the bed with the couple, her mouth locking immediately onto Amanda’s. Kissing Amanda passionately, aroused both women’s sexual desires. 

While Rob continued massaging the warm oil into Amanda’s body, Brittany slithered her tongue inside her mouth. Amanda was grasping Brittany’s body, pulling her in close. Brittany brushed her fingers over the woman’s nipples, taunting them to erection. Glancing down, Brittany watched as Rob spread Amanda’s long legs apart, placing them flat on the bed. 

Brittany nibbled along Amanda’s neck slowly making her way downward to her hardened nipples. Taking one in her mouth she gently suckled on it, bringing a soft moan from Amanda’s throat. Rob covered Amanda’s legs with the massage oil, working it into her soft skin. Amanda’s eyes were mere slits as she felt soothed yet sexually excited.

“Roll onto your tummy.” Brittany whispered in Amanda‘s ear. 

With Rob’s assistance, the two rolled Amanda onto her tummy. Brittany massaged the scented oil into her back while Rob worked his hands between her legs. Amanda’s butt lifted into the air as Rob’s hands approached her slit. Droplets of moisture already coated the folds at the entrance of her pussy. Leaning into her, Rob licked off the moisture, his hard tongue licking up and down Amanda’s slit. In mere moments, her ass was bucking against Rob’s handsome face.

Brittany slipped a finger inside Amanda’s pussy, swirling it against the sensitive walls. Amanda was begging to be fucked, her cries muffled by the pillow at her face. Rob stripped off his briefs, exposing his rock hard cock.

“Let me suck you first.” Brittany murmured

Rob knelt behind Amanda, his cock throbbing in his hand. Brittany clenched his dick between her lips, slowly sliding down the shaft till it struck the back of her mouth. Working her tongue over the throbbing flesh, she lubricated her lover with thick saliva. Rapidly pumping her mouth on his cock, made his cock hard as cold steel. 

Brittany took Rob’s cock in her hand, guiding it towards Amanda’s swollen pussy. With one slow thrust, Rob impaled the woman on his fuck shaft. His balls pressed hard against Amanda’s sensitive clit. Slowly Rob fucked his huge cock in and out of the woman, bring a constant throaty moan from her lips. Brittany positioned herself beneath Amanda. With her knees up, Amanda could rest her shoulders on them as Rob worked his cock in and out of the woman’s pussy. 

Pulling Rob’s cock out of Amanda’s pussy, Brittany sucked on it, tasting Amanda’s juices. Rob smiled down at her, enjoying the pleasures of both women. Guiding his cock back to Amanda’s pussy, Brittany flicked her tongue over the woman’s sensitive clit. The combination drove Amanda to orgasm, screaming aloud as the sexual release exploded deep inside her. Rob pumped his cock into Amanda; gradually increasing his tempo knowing his climax was nearing.

“I want you cum in my mouth.” Brittany muttered.

Rob pulled his cock from Amanda just as his hot, thick load spewed. Brittany face was covered with cum. After licking the cream off with her tongue, she smiled up at Rob. As she lowered her knees, Amanda collapsed on top of Brittany, her spent body sliding off to one side. Brittany scooted from beneath the woman‘s limp form with Rob’s help. Embracing, their kiss was more love than passion, lasting for several long moments. 

“I didn’t get to take care of you.” Rob murmured. 

“There’s always tomorrow.” Brittany whispered. “Tasting you cream is enough to satisfy me.”

The trio slept through the night, not waking till mid-morning. The sheets were stained with massage oil but no one really cared. Brittany showered with Rob while Amanda continued sleeping.

The day dragged out with the passing of a brief tropical shower late in the afternoon. Rob checked out the airplane with Frank and Ray watching. Amanda spent most of her day playing computer games while Kimmie and Brittany laid out on the top deck working on their tans. Vince watched the radar monitors while Todd caught up on some much-needed sleep. It couldn’t have been a more boring day.

That evening, everyone was sitting in the livingroom watching a newscast from Miami and complaining about being bored, even Brittany was complaining.

We got one!” Vince exclaimed, interrupting the conversation. “And, it’s a plane! Hot damn!”

Everyone scurried to look at the radar monitors, immediately seeing the small blip.

“It’s directly south of us at about a hundred and sixty feet altitude.” Vince reported. “Looks like he’s gonna fly right up the coastline at about a hundred and eighty miles an hour.”

“Let’s go!” Rob exclaimed. “Let’s get this bastard!”

Brittany grabbed both pair of binoculars as Rob slipped on his deck shoes. Running up the hill, she grabbed Rob’s hand for assistance. As they climbed into the cockpit, Rob hit the ignition switches to start the engines. While the number one engine fired up immediately and started to warm, the number two engine smoked and coughed, vibrating the plane.

“God damn it, start!” Rob yelled. “Start you son of a bitch!”

After a few minutes, the engine caught hold and started to warm. Rob checked the fuel pressure and oil pressure gauges as he put on his headset.

“What’s their location now?” Rob asked, speaking into his microphone.

“Ten miles south of us!” Vince replied. “Be careful taking off!”

“I’ve got the DEA on alert.” Kimmie added. “They’re not showing anything on their radar.”

“They will once we get airborne!” Rob responded, excitedly. “I’ll make sure they get this guy!”

As the Piper Seneca took off it banked hard right, directly into the setting sun. Rob and Brittany were temporarily blinded by the glare off the windshield. Climbing to an altitude of five-hundred feet, Rob leveled the plane off. 

They were flying at almost a hundred and sixty miles per hour when Brittany spotted the plane pass directly below them off their right side. Looking through her binoculars, she could see two men onboard the twin-engine aircraft and bundles of marijuana in the seats behind them.

“They’ve got marijuana on the plane!” Brittany shouted into her microphone. “I can see it!”

“The DEA’s got you on their screens.” Kimmie responded. “They’re sending up an interceptor and a helicopter.”

“Stay with em till they get there.” Vince said. “There almost a hundred miles ahead of you.”

“It’s a Cessna 414, white with blue and red stripes down the side.” Rob stated, describing the aircraft to the DEA’s communication center at the north end of the island.

The pilot of the Cessna airplane banked left and right trying to throw Rob and Brittany off their tail. Rob kept his course straight instead of banking with them, knowing they wouldn’t veer off their original course. 

“The DEA’s about twenty miles from you.” Vince said. “They’re waiting for you two to catch up to them.”

In the distance, Brittany could see the northern tip of Andros Island off to their right. A glint of sunlight reflected off the DEA’s interceptor plane on the distant horizon. The pilot of the Cessna saw it too, deciding to try a daring diversionary tactic. Increasing his altitude, he flew right up to the Piper Seneca within what looked like a few yards of touching wings. Brittany could clearly see the faces of the two men onboard. The pilot was grinning evilly, a face she’ll never forget. 

Easing his plane down a few feet, he tried getting in close beneath the Piper Seneca. It was a fatal error on his part. Just as the two planes cleared the northern coastline, the Cessna suddenly gained altitude. The propeller on the number two engine sliced through the cockpit of the Cessna like a hot knife through soft butter. Bent and broken, the engine vibrated severely as it started tearing loose from the wing.

“Oh God! It’s coming off!” Brittany screamed. “We’re gonna die!”

Rob held the yoke as tight as he could trying to control the plane but the engine was dangling off the wing at a downward angle.

“MAYDAY! MAYDAY!” He shouted into his headset. “We’re goin down!”

Brittany grabbed the yoke in front of her, trying to help Rob get the plane down but it shook violently from her grasp. The plane banked hard right, losing altitude quickly. The right wing was distorting at an odd angle. The plane’s vibration viciously increased, shaking the seats and everything loose in the cockpit. The northern coastline of Andros Island with its rocky shoreline quickly approached. 

Rob reached up to the visor and pulled his son’s picture from the clip. 

“Take care of my boy!” He yelled, handing the picture to her. “Tell him I loved him.”

Brittany tucked the photograph in the pocket of her blouse. Trying to put her hands back on the yoke, she couldn’t hold onto it. The rocks loomed just ahead. The Piper bottomed out on the first outcropping, striking the next group of rocks with the left wing. The plane spun to the left as the wing sheared off, crushing in the pilot’s door. The last thing Brittany remembered was the plane spinning like a boomerang before she lost consciousness.

As she lay on the beach, she regained consciousness long enough to see her left hand bent to the side and bare bone protruding from her wrist. She was covered in blood. The sound of a helicopter overhead and the warm breeze stirred by its rotor were a vague memory as she lapsed into a coma.

For two days she lay in a coma. Waking during the night, Brittany barely made out the figures of three people sitting in the darkness. She was unable to speak and unable to move. Lying there helpless, she drifted back to sleep. Sometime early the next morning, a nurse came in to check on her and change the bandage over her right eye. Noticing Brittany was awake she quickly left the room.

A woman doctor returned with the nurse. Evelyn, Amanda and Kimmie were right behind them. Lowering the guard railing at the side of the bed, the doctor leaned over her, checking her eye. Brittany tried to speak but her mouth was so dry she could only mouth the words. Offering her a drink, she sipped water through a straw from a plastic container.

“Are you in any pain?” The doctor murmured, brushing the hair back from Brittany’s face.

“No.” Brittany said, mouthing the word. 

“You’re gonna be alright but you’re going to be spending some time with us.” The doctor stated. “I need you to stay quiet and motionless. We’ve put bags around you to keep you from moving.”

“We’ll talk later.” She added. “Right now, you’ve got alot of friends who want to see you.”

Before the doctor stepped out of the room, she whispered something to the three women. They nodded their heads, acknowledging whatever it was she said.

Evelyn came up to Brittany’s right side, taking hold of her hand. Amanda and Kimmie stood to her left. Kimmie looked as if she were going to faint as she looked down at Brittany. Amanda put her arm around Kimmie’s waist to steady her. They were all crying, their tears streaming profusely. 

“Rob’s on his way.” Evelyn choked out the words. “He’ll be here in a few minutes.”

“Rob. He’s ok?” Brittany mumbled.

“Yeah. He’s ok.” Evelyn murmured, nodding her head. “He’s got two broken fingers and a big bump on his head. He’s been staying with you for the past two days. I had to beg him to leave and get some sleep.” 

“Everyone’s staying at a hotel not far from here.” Amanda stated. “We were scared you weren’t going to make it.”

Rob rushed into the hospital room with Brad Langley right behind him. Leaning over the bed, he kissed her tenderly on her swollen lips. Although his eyes were welled with tears, he fought back breaking down in front of her. He started hyperventilating and grew pale. Evelyn quickly pulled up a chair next to the bed and forced him to sit down.

Standing at the foot of the bed, Brad Langley giggled her foot lightly. 

“It over Hon.” He stated. “I’ve pulled everyone off the island. We‘re gonna fly everyone back to their families.”

Hearing Langley’s statement was a great relief to Brittany. Realizing everyone had made it safely through the assignment without being killed or seriously injured was a burden off her shoulders.

Later in the day, Kimmie and Amanda took Rob back to their hotel. The Caposi brothers along with Vince and Todd stopped in to check on Brittany, bringing her flowers. There were upset to see her in such a battered state but the kept their composure. 

Early in the evening, one of the nurses gave Brittany a sedative and some pain medication. Evelyn took a seat near the window, not wanting to leave. Brittany couldn’t think clearly as the medication started taking effect on her. 
