 Disclaimer: The following story contains sex scenes and rude words. It's fairly tame, and I'm pretty broad-minded, but the decency laws in most states would require it not be read by persons under 18. Also, if you're offended by adult themes, you should probably leave now. More importantly, this tale features women presented as sexual objects. There is nothing wrong with this as they are only fictional characters. I urge readers, especially young males, to not regard real women in this way.

This work is © 2002 the author. Permission is granted to freely distribute, provided it is not altered in any way.

*****

"Ok, girls, let's lose those bikini tops, shall we?" asked Tom the photographer. Nicola, smiling down the lens, complied. The Aussie reached behind her neck and tugged on the strings that held her blue bikini top in place. It fell loose, exposing her delicious tanned tits. Jennifer, standing next to Nicola, did so as well, grinning as she bared her own impressive rack. The third model, Candy Barr, was a little shyer, and blushed slightly as she uncovered her own small but pert breasts.

The girls were in an empty hanger at Van Nuys Airport doing a publicity photoshoot for the movie they'd just finished, Bikini Stewardesses 2. All three were wearing their 'Bikini Stewardess' costumes: blue bikinis, blue caps perched at jaunty angles upon their heads, white cuffs and collars, and a set of gold wings clipped to the right bikini strap. Nicola, Jennifer and Candy lounged across the wing of a Cessna as Tom directed them to strip.

Nicola tossed her top aside. Leaning forward, a naughty smirk in her lips, Nicola squeezed her boobs together. "Great, fabulous," said Tom, shooting off roll after roll of film. The gorgeous Aussie starlet was in her element now, posing nude for the camera. 

"Now tweak your nipples," instructed Tom. Nicola obliged, tugging on her little pink buds till they puckered and hardened. Nicola loved to show off her perfect body. Her lithe, 38-25-36 body was the stuff of (wet) dreams. The model-turned-actress from Australian may not have been born an exhibitionist, but in the past few months she had taken to it like a trooper. Her adventures in Hollywood had given her many opportunities to get naked, and not just in the B-movies she had appeared in. No sooner had Nicola wrapped on "Bikini Bandits" than she'd been cast in "Bikini Stewardesses 2". Both films had featured oodles of nudity.

"Great tits, girls," said Tom. "Thanks," Jennifer replied. Candy blushed, a bloom of red that spread across her bare chest. Nicola was in good company with these two. Jennifer had seduced Nicola at an audition, and then two had been friends ever since. Candy was a new comer to the industry, but an enthusiastic learner.

"Why don't we get rid of these bikini bottoms and do some full-frontals?" Jennifer suggested with a naughty twinkle in her eyes. Tom laughed. "Sure, sweetheart." Nicola tugged at the knot that held the remainder of her bikini in place, teasing the camera. Slowly, the slip of material fell away, baring Nicola's neatly-trimmed muff. The bikini bottoms joined her top on the floor and Nicola was gloriously nude.

Tom switched on a boom-box and the hanger was filled with a thumping beat. The girls danced to the music, bare breasts pounding in a display of naked lust. Tom moved around the starlets, flashing off pictures, capturing their nude bodies from every angle.

Finally, Tom cut the music. Sweat dripped from his brow, and Nicola noted with pride the bulge in his crotch. It was always a compliment to be able to get a professional aroused. "Phew. Well girls, that's a wrap for today. I'll see you all tomorrow."

As Tom packed up his gear, the three gorgeous girls put their discarded bikinis back on. They were now alone in the hanger.

"So, Knickers," said Jennifer, "how about we head out to my place and christen the new hot tub? Swimsuit optional, of course." She pinched Nicola's ass cheek, bare in the g-string bikini. The Aussie laughed. "How about you come join us, Candy? I always thought you were seriously cute."

"Sorry, guys," the petite blonde placed a hand on her crotch. "Much like the Vice President's parking space, this spot's reserved for dick."

They walked across the hanger laughing, when they suddenly noticed someone standing at the entrance watching them. He was a tall, handsome man dressed in an expensive suit. As they approached him, he gave the three starlets a disarming smile. "Well, hello there," he said.

"Hello yourself," Nicola purred. He was openly ogling the girls, drinking in the sight of their near-naked bodies in those tiny little string bikinis. "My name is Donovan Tate."

"The Donovan Tate? The millionaire?" Jennifer's eyes were wide with lust. Donovan gave a modest smile. "The same."

"A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Tate. My name is Nicola Baron, but you can call me Knickers." They shook hands, setting her boobs jiggling in the tight confines of her bikini top. This little show was not lost on Tate, who leered shamelessly at her tits. "These are my friends, Jennifer Dempster and Candy Barr."

"Wow, I've never seen stewardess uniforms quite like that before," said Tate, eyeing up the tiny outfits the girls had worn in the movie (when they were wearing clothes at all).

"Oh, we're not stewardesses," replied Candy. Tate's face fell. "That's a shame. My private plane is about to take off on a business flight, and the three stewardesses I had booked to work the flight have baled on me at the last moment. I badly need to find some replacements."

"What my friend means," Jennifer interjected, "is that we're not regular stewardesses, we're bikini stewardesses. And it just so happens that we're for hire."

"Great!" said Tate, "How soon can you start?"

"Hold on there, big fella," Jennifer replied. "Being bikini stewardesses we don't exactly come cheap."

"Money is no object." Tate produced his wallet. "Would six hundred dollars apiece suffice?"

Jennifer's eyes lit up. "Six hundred dollars! Why, sir, I do believe you've hit upon the right amount."

Uh-oh thought Nicola. What is Jennifer getting them into? She glanced over at Candy, who looked more than a little surprised at what Jennifer was cooking up.

"Great. Meet me over at my Gulfstream, Hanger 227, in fifteen minutes." He flashed the girls a smile and then left.

"Are you crazy!" wailed Candy. "We don't know anything about being stewardesses!"

"Relax," Jennifer soothed her. "It's just like waitressing. Smile, serve drinks, and when you bend over let them look at your tits. Nothing to it. How about it, Knickers, you in?"

"Six hundred dollars?" Just thinking about all that money made Nicola horny. "Sure, why not?"

They looked at the reluctant Candy. "Come on, Candy. It'll be fun!" said Jennifer. "And think of the money," Nicola added.

"Well... OK." Candy replied. But she still didn't look too sure.

Fifteen minutes late, the three bikini-clad starlets were assembled in Hanger 227 under a very impressive Gulfstream jet. "Wow, look at this thing!" Nicola exclaimed. Tate stood by the wing, eyeing her up. Nicola suggestively ran her hand along the plane's nose.

"This is an important flight. Tate Industries is expanding and I have to sign a distribution deal with representatives from three other corporations. So I need you girls to work your charm on them, make sure that they relax and get in the mood to sign these contracts."

"Don't worry, Mr. Tate," Jennifer assured him. "The bikini stewardesses know how to make our passengers very, very happy." She gave a wink. Tate laughed, no doubt getting what she was implying.

"But full service comes at a price," Nicola added. "And I do mean full service." She reached out and stroked his face. Tate swallowed. With his tongue hanging out he hastily cried, "An extra 300, a piece, when they sign!" 

The three exchanged glances, and then nodded. "You got yourself a deal, Mr. Tate," said Nicola.

"OK girls, climb aboard!" Tate opened the cabin door and gallantly allowed them to board first. Nicola climbed the steps, her thong-covered bottom wiggling with every step. Tate's eyes were glued to that delicious little peach, and couldn't resist giving her a little pat. Nicola gave a gasp of surprise then stepped inside. Now Jennifer mounted the ladder. She paused at the top, jiggling her bottom for Tate. "Well?" she asked. Tate shrugged and obliged her with a pat on her bare ass cheek. Now it was the reluctant Candy's turn. She, too, paused at the top of the steps. "Oh, go on then," she rolled her eyes. Mr. Tate grinned, and gave her backside a gentle slap. Candy blushed and boarded the plane.

"Wow!" Nicola exclaimed as she looked around the plush interior of the aircraft. The main compartment featured an oak conference table surrounded by wide chairs that looked considerably more comfy than those found on commercial planes. "Kinda puts our crappy set to shame, doesn't it?" whispered Jennifer. Nicola stifled a giggle, remembering the cheap cardboard 'aircraft' they had filmed Bikini Stewardesses 2 in.

Tate took them through a silk curtain to the forward cabin, which consisted of a galley and some seats for the girls. Just forward of this was the cockpit. 

Tate explained what he wanted for the flight: the three guests will come aboard. Tate, pilot for the day, would take off and fly the Gulfstream up to 5,000 feet, then come back to the conference room to launch into his spiel. At this point, the girls will be introduced, really building up their entrance. Then they'll come back and meet the businessmen. From there, it's serving drinks and then lunch. "Hopefully," said Tate, "by then I'll have their signatures on these contracts."

"Don't worry, Mr. Tate," said Jennifer, "we'll do everything we can to convince those men to sign."

"Anything?" asked Tate.

"Anything," Nicola replied with a wink. She was in a naughty mood today, which meant those three lucky businessmen were in for a really fun flight.

Tate went back into the conference room, and the sound of male voices drifted through to the galley. There was much laughing and backslapping, and Nicola could only imagine what Tate was telling them.

Soon Tate came back and told the bikini stewardesses to strap themselves in for take-off. As Nicola felt the force of gravity groping her near-nude body, and the vinyl seat rubbing against her bare ass, she felt goosebumps rising on her skin. Donovan Tate badly wanted those contracts signed. And it was Nicola, Jennifer and Candy's job to make sure they got signed. Just how far would that starlets go to get those signatures? Was Nicola taking off for an orgy in the sky? She didn't know, but she sure couldn't wait to find out.

Soon they were cruising at altitude. Tate set the aircraft on autopilot for a gentle cruise over the Pacific Ocean. Back in the galley, he gave one last look over the three barely-dressed beauties, drinking in the sight of their cleavages squeezed into those too-small bikinis.

"Good luck girls!" he said, and disappeared into the conference room.

As everything was pretty much ready in the galley, with the drinks cart well stocked and a selection of gourmet meals precooked, the starlets had nothing else to do but make sure they looked pretty for the men they had to entertain. Jennifer stood in front of a mirror, adjusting her miniscule bikini top to expose as much boobflesh as possible. The tiny panels covered her nipples and little else, but still Jennifer was dissatisfied. "Do you think it's too late to change from Bikini Stewardesses to Topless Stewardesses?" she asked.

Nicola could hear the sound of male voices drifting through from the conference room. Her blood was beginning to rise at the thought of just how she was going to convince them to sign. Sit on their laps? Stroke their arms? Let them make any adjustments they feel necessary to her costume? It was the anticipation that made her wet. Nicola adjusted her little stewardess cap, setting it a jaunty angle. She couldn't wait until Mr. Tate came through that curtain and told them it was time for Nicola and the girls to do what they did best.

Candy was nervous, and the sight of her two friends preening themselves didn't make her feel any better. "I don't know if I can do this," she said. Nicola gave her a hug, pressing her boobs against the reluctant starlet. "Come on, Candy. You're such a gorgeous little sky-bunny, those guys just won't be able to resist your charms." That perked her up a little. "You think so?"

"I know so," Nicola replied. She looked down at Candy's cleavage, bursting out of her bikini top. "Just look at those babies." Candy brightened. "Yeah, I do have great tits, don't I?"

Tate poked his head through the curtain. "Heads up girls! Time for you to make an entrance. Come on through when you hear me call for you, and then work your magic."

"It's showtime!" Nicola squealed with excitement.

On the other side of the curtain, Donovan Tate turned back to his prospective business partners and shot them a thumbs-up. The three men grinned in anticipation. As soon as negotiations about the Tate Industries deal had begun to flag, the millionaire had suggested they take a little break. He then whetted their appetites with a description of the three little hostesses who would serve as their in-flight entertainment: an adorable Aussie with a terrific rack, a gorgeous brunette with a naughty glint in her eye, and a cute little blonde with perky tits. All neatly gift-wrapped in charming little stewardess outfits. The three businessmen were practically drooling by now, all thoughts of the contract forgotten. 

"Gentlemen, you wanna meet our three tempting little cabin-cuties?" Tate asked. They roared in reply. "OK, girls, come on in."

The curtain parted and the three delectable bikini stewardesses entered the conference room, greeted with cheers and wolf-whistles. Smiling, they posed for the men. You couldn't help but ogle the luscious threesome, dressed in their revealing "stewardess" outfits. The blue bikinis showed off far more flesh than they covered, and served as little more than gift-wrapping for their firm young bodies. Boobs were squeezed into tops. G-strings disappeared between butt-cheeks. 

"Jennifer, why don't you come over here and meet Wolfgang Schmidt from Germany," Tate suggested. Jennifer sauntered over to a tall, good-looking blonde man. Putting her arm around him, she bent over slightly, presenting a very tempting view of her boobs as if serving them up on a tray. "Guten tag, fraulein," said Wolfgang, his eyes glued to her chest. "Well hello to you," replied the sultry brunette. "If there's anything I can do to make your flight more enjoyable- and I do mean anything- just you let me know, sugar." Wolfgang nodded franticly. "Ja, ja!"

"And would could be better for our visitor from Hong Kong, Leo Kuang, than a tasty little slice of all-American pie. Candy, would you do the honors?" The blushing blonde stepped forward and placed her hand on Leo's thigh. With a giggle she said, "OK, I've never done anything like this before, but I'm a quick learner, if you know what I mean." She gave Leo a wink. "Don't worry, sweetheart," he replied (surprisingly with an English accent), "I'll be gentle with you."

"Finally, Big Joe Jackson from Texas, meet Nicola from Australia." Grinning, the Texan doffed his hat. "Howdy, missy." 

"Please, call me Knickers," Nicola purred. She strode over to the Texan. As she approached him, the plane suddenly struck a pocked of air turbulence. Nicola stumbled forward, accidentally shoving her boobs right into Big Joe's face. "I'm sorry about that," said Nicola as she stood up straight

"I ain't complaining!" laughed Joe. Nicola giggled. "It's a pleasure to meet you 'Big Joe'. I hope that's an accurate nickname."

"Maybe you'll find out for yourself, little lady." Everyone joined in laughing at the double entendre.

"You guys just sit back and relax," Nicola announced. "The bikini stewardesses are here to make sure you all have a very memorable flight. For the next couple of hours we'll be at your beck and call. The galley is well stocked, and we're ready to take care of all your needs." She flashed a smile at the three men, whose crotches now sported visible bulges. "We'll begin with a round of drinks. Now who wants what?"

Wolfgang ordered a German beer. Leo asked for a scotch & soda. For Big Joe, a bourbon.

"Is there any particular way you'd like those served?" Nicola asked with a wink. Wolfgang got the hint. "How about you bring them to us toplez."

The girls gave mock gasps of surprise. Tate chuckled. "Well," said Jennifer, "we did say we'd do anything for our passengers. So I guess we have to." With a cute little wiggle of three bottoms, the girls swished out through the curtain and back into the galley.

"I don't know if I can do this," said Candy, once they were alone.

"Come on," Nicola replied, "you were nude in the movie lotsa times."

"Yeah, but I was acting," the blushing blonde replied.

Jennifer was impatient. "I know how to get things moving." She grabbed Candy's bikini top and yanked it off. She gave a yelp of surprise and covered her boobs.

"Look, all you have to do is act again," Nicola told her. "Remember all the times your character Cindy took her clothes off?" Candy nodded. "Yeah...?"

"So all you have to do is play Cindy to those guys out there."

Candy thought about it for a while. "Oh! OK." Shyly, she removed her hands from her chest, baring her tits to her co-starlets.

"That's the spirit!" piped up Jennifer. She tugged off her own top. Nicola quickly joined in the toplessness, baring her beautiful breasts. Looking down at them, the Aussie starlet smiled. She couldn't resist rubbing her tanned tits. "Yknow, if things had worked out differently, I'd've made a great topless waitress."

"I'll say," Jennifer replied, licking her lips. The three burst into laughter.

A moment later, the curtain parted once more and the three bare-breasted beauties paraded back into the conference room, a naughty smile on their lips. In one hand were the guys' drinks, in the other their bikini tops. Wolfgang, Leo and Big Joe greeted their little costume alteration with applause and whistles. The girls replied with modesty.

"There was this tag in my bikini," quipped Nicola, "it said FAA regulations prohibit the wearing of this garment at 10,000 feet. So off it goes!" She draped it over the arm of Big Joe's chair.

"Here you are sweetie," said Jennifer, "a little souvenir of your visit to the US of A." She added her bikini top over to Wolfgang, who obviously enjoyed the gift.

"I can't believe I'm doing this!" giggled Candy, as she hung her top around Leo's neck.

"Say, girls, this looks like it's going to be a long flight. I hope the boys don't mind if we make ourselves a little comfortable," Jennifer asked her cohorts.

"I don't think there'll be any complaints," Nicola replied. With that she threw one of her long legs across Big Joe and plunked her bottom on his lap. Joe stared at her, open mouthed. Nicola gave a wiggle to settle herself, feeling his prick rub against her bare ass cheeks. "Ooooh, Big Joe!" she squealed.

Now the three businessmen each had a topless stewardess sitting on his lap, a fresh young pussy grinding against their crotches. Tate smiled. "Let's get back into it, shall we?"

As negotiations resumed, it was the clear the cooing bimbos were beginning to sap their business acumen. It was sure hard to concentrate on the business at hand with a luscious, pert pair of boobs right in front of your face! They were being petted and pampered by three of the hottest starlets Hollywood had to offer. Tate now bargained to make the deal even more favorable to himself, reducing the profit margins for his three partners and increasing the stakes they would have to put up. And it was all thanks to Nicola and her friends.
