 Intro: "This story is written from both characters' points of view, alternating back and forth. It starts out with Liz talking. Each time the viewpoint changes from Liz to Bill, a line of (*) follows."

-The Author

*

I lay in bed staring at the ceiling. I can hear Bill moving about the living room, cursing under his breath. We had barely spoken over the past two weeks, ever since his return from his last business trip. The meetings had not gone well for him, making him moody and distant. I knew it was useless to even attempt a conversation when he was like this. So day after day, I've been 'tiptoeing' around him, only asking questions when it has been absolutely necessary. However, earlier this evening he seemed to have snapped out of it, so much so that he had even tried acting playful and affectionate with me. But I've grown weary of his dark moods, and find it increasingly more difficult to go from cold to hot whenever he decides the time is right. So, instead of continuing to ignore him, I finally decided I would go to bed. "Aw, come on Hon, wait," he had said sweetly, after I told him where I was going, but I just kept walking. 

*************

I stop pacing and head into our room. I look at Liz as I take off my shirt and let it fall to the floor, knowing how much this annoys her. There is a distant, far-away look on her face. It's an _expression I know all too well; it usually means she's meditating, trying to keep her rage in check. That's when I notice what she is wearing and roll my eyes. It's an old night gown, one of her least sexy ones, the one she always wears when she wants to signal she is not in the mood. But it's semi-gauzy and worn, and she's lying directly in the stream of light coming from the hallway. I let out a sigh. I can see the outline of her breasts, her dark areolas visible through the material. From the way the gown envelops her pubic area, I assume she is not wearing any panties either. Damn her!

I finish undressing and sit on the edge of the bed as I pull off my underwear. The bed moves and I realize Liz is rolling over on her side, facing away from me. My anger comes back in waves. I can't believe how long it's been since I've fucked her. I feel like I'm going to burst. Maybe if I cuddle with her, she'll calm down. Lying next to her, I move my body close. Putting an arm around her waist, I pull her against me, spooning her.

"Fuck off," she says as she grabs my hand and tries pushing it away.

I'm shocked. "Excuse me?" 

"You heard me, fuck off!"

*************

I feel my breast being grabbed, then kneaded, lightly. I hear his voice as he nuzzles my ear. "Lizzie, it's been over a month now. Come on Hon. Please, let me make love to you."

I pull his hand off my breast and push it away. How dare he think he can win me over just like that. I want to scream at him, but I control my tone of voice. "It's been over a month because you were away for two weeks. And then when you came home, you did nothing but act like a complete asshole!"

He's really annoyed now; I can tell by the way he's just sucked in his breath. His voice comes at me in a harsh whisper. "So that's it. You're just going to ignore me from now on?" His hand moves down to my stomach, and I'm pulled even closer to him. I know what he's doing; he wants me to feel his hardness pressing against my bottom. I try moving away, but his grip is too tight. His breath is hot on my neck. "Feel that?" he asks me. "I'm going to take it and shove it up your cunt whether you want it or not. Enough is enough!"

I feel my face flush as the rage I've been holding in overcomes me. I draw my arm forward and using all my strength, I shove my elbow back. I hear a loud hiss as I realize that I must have connected with his ribs. The words fly out of my mouth as I try to get away. "Who the fuck do you think you're talking to?"

"I'm talking to you, you little bitch!" he's yelling now. "I've had it with your bullshit!" 

"My bullshit?" I laugh sarcastically as I continue. "You fucking kill me. I HAVE had it, you hear me? I've had it with you! I've had it with your moods! And I've had it with the way you expect me to jump for joy anytime you show me a little attention!" 

*****************

My blood is boiling now. "Fine," I tell her. I let go of her body and roll away. I watch as she lies perfectly still. I can tell she is wondering what I'll do next; I'm wondering myself. She understands me well enough to realize she's pushed me past my limit. I know she is dying to turn and look, but she's forcing herself not to move. A thought pops into my head, and I act on it. I go to the closet and grab a Federal Express box I have hidden. I walk back across the room and fling the box onto the bed, enjoying the fact that it just made her jump a little. I climb back on the bed, grab her arm and jerk her body toward the center of the bed. Before she can react, I push her on her back. As quickly as I can, I kick a leg over onto her other side and sit lightly on her hips. I see her looking at the box, a quizzical _expression on her face. I chuckle.

"Remember how we shared fantasies a few months ago, Lizzie dear?" I ask her, my voice thick with sarcasm. "Well, I was going to surprise you with these, but I guess now's as good a time as any to try them out."

Her eyes widen as it begins to dawn on her what my plans are. We had been looking at a sex toy website a while ago when we came across some soft leather cuffs. I had pointed to them and teased her about whether she had ever thought about being tied down. I remember her face reddening, but she admitted that it had always been a fantasy of hers. Now she realizes what I am pulling out of the box and her mouth flies open. 

"Get the fuck off me," she screams at me, struggling to get out from under my legs. I look at her and laugh. 

"But I thought you wanted to try this, honey." I say in my best, sickeningly sweet tone.

"Not like this. Not when we're both so angry."

**********

Bill shrugs his shoulders, as if to say 'too bad'. This more than anything enrages me, so much so that I lash out at him, trying to hit him, but he's too quick. My wrists cry out in pain as he grabs one, then the other, forcing them together. I struggle as one of his big hands wraps around both of mine, but he is much too strong for me. I continue to squirm under him, pushing and pulling my arms as I watch him grab one of the cuffs. I fight harder still, but it's no use. He buckles the cuff around a wrist, then releases that hand, reaching for the other cuff. I punch and claw at him with my newly freed fist, but he doesn't seem to care. He's now the got the other wrist cuffed. My arm is stretched and he attaches the tether to the bedpost. Still punching at him with my remaining free hand, he quickly pulls that arm straight, and loops the tether to the opposite post.

My mind is racing. I can't ever remember seeing Bill like this. My anger is giving away to a small amount of fear as I study his face. His brow is furrowed, his eyes have narrowed to almost a squint, and his lips are pursed tight. His face moves closer, until it nearly touches mine. I hear him whisper, huskily, "What are you going to do now, Lizzie darling?" Suddenly, his mouth is covering mine, hard. His kisses feel angry; his tongue is shoving its way deep into my mouth. I feel him let up a bit, and I bite down hard, catching his chin and drawing blood. He jumps back and raises his hand as if he's going to slap me. I flinch, and he holds up. I can tell that it just took every last bit of restraint on his part not to follow through and hit me.

"Go ahead, keep fighting me. It's not going to do you any good." His voice sounds icy.

I start using my legs, trying to push my lower body, trying to get out from under him. He moves further down the bed. I kick at him, but again, he is much too quick. I let out a yelp as I feel him pin my legs to the bed. The grip on my left leg lets up. I look down to see him concentrating his efforts on cuffing my right ankle. My body is yanked because he is now pulling my leg as hard as he can, tying the tether to the bottom edge of the bed. I suddenly realize that all the pulling and yanking he's doing is an attempt on his part to make me totally immobile, my body taut. Although I know it's probably useless, I try kicking him with my free leg. The son-of-a-bitch laughs, as he grabs at it and buckles a cuff around my ankle. I feel as if my thigh might rip from its socket as he keeps tugging, and he tethers the cuff to the other side. My legs feel as if they're stretched as far apart as they can go; I can barely move.

************

I hover over her, on all fours. Leaning down, I put my lips to her ear, licking and nipping the lobe. I hear her suck in her breath, and I look at her; she's got her eyes squeezed shut. I know her too well. She's trying hard not to give in. I lean close to her ear again and grumble, "Go ahead, try to resist. I'll have you begging before the night is over." In typical Liz fashion, she hisses, "You are such an asshole."

Down her throat my lips move, tongue flicking. I stop at the bottom part of her neck, right where it meets her shoulder, and nibble. I know she loves this. And I know she is doing everything in her power not to respond. The urge to see her naked body suddenly overcomes me. I sit back on my legs and take hold of the top of her nightgown. Her eyes fly open. I smile at her as I begin tearing at it. I grunt a short laugh as her eyes widen and she gasps. The worn material gives away easily, and I continue to rip at it until I have the entire nightie pushed to either side of her body.

I lay on my side, soaking in the sight of her, lightly rubbing my fingers around her body. I grab a breast and start teasing the nipple with my thumb. It responds immediately, growing hard and large. I notice Liz biting her lip. I smirk, knowing I'm beginning to get to her.

My eyes move over to her other breast, where that nipple has also perked up, and I lean in, flicking my tongue around it. My touch is light and teasing, and I see goose bumps starting to break out all over her body. She shivers as I continue to roll her left nipple between my thumb and middle finger, while tonguing the right one. I cover her areola with my lips and begin to suck, eventually concentrating my efforts on her now swollen nipple. I suck harder and harder, pulling her nipple and tugging on it every so often with my teeth, while continuing to pinch and pull the other with my nimble fingers. I feel her pushing her tits up to meet me, her back lifting off the bed as much as her bound body will allow.

I look up at her and smile. "You have always loved this, haven't you, Lizzie?" I bite down again, tugging slightly harder. A cry escapes her mouth, and I can see her chest rising and falling faster now, her breathing becoming heavier. I can feel my cock beginning to throb. I let go of the nipple clenched between my fingers and move my hand down, stopping when I reach her pubic area. I love to rub my hand over her waxed, smooth pussy. I feel her lower body twitch which makes my dick pulse harder.

************

Bill's mouth is on my other nipple now, while his hand continues to explore my cunny. I can tell it's become warm and moist by the way he sucks in his breath. Damn my body! I did not want to give him the satisfaction of becoming aroused, but cannot help myself. He always knows just what I want. A finger is pushing toward my opening. Because of how wide my legs are spread, it slips easily inside me. Oh, God, I can feel him moving it in and out, spreading my wetness around. Then I feel it against my clit.

My mind is reeling. Part of me is so upset with how I am responding to him, especially after the way he's been treating me. But another other part of me is tingling with excitement. The fact that I can barely move makes every touch feel that much more intense. My clit aches for more, and I can't help myself. I pull at the cuffs on my legs and wrists, trying to squirm and writhe to meet his touches.

Everything suddenly comes to a halt. Why is he stopping, damn it?! Bill pushes up onto one elbow, and stares down at me. Before I can stop myself, I'm whispering to him, "please.....please."

"What?" Bill asked. "I didn't hear you, lover."

What a shit! He sits up and pushes himself off the bed. Grabbing a pillow, he walks over to the end of the bed, smirking as he looks at me. "God, you are a lovely sight," he sighs, while shoving the pillow under my bottom. Doing this raises my hips up slightly, exposing more of my cunny. His hands start to lightly brush my inner thighs, moving up and down, each time drawing a little closer to my snatch. That light touch of his is driving me crazy. My hips begin to gyrate, but I can't move as much as I want to. I look at him and realize he's watching my breasts heave, and this excites me even more. 

***********

I can hear her moaning softly. Fuck! That drives me insane when she gets vocal. My cock is throbbing painfully now, and I want to take her, right then and there. But I'm also deriving great pleasure from slowly tearing down her resistance. I want to make her beg. 

I kneel at the edge of the bed, continuing to drive her crazy with my faint touches. I run my fingers across her lower belly over to her hips, and I groan as I watch her twitch and shutter. Snaking myself up the bed, I nuzzle my face between her thighs, lightly kissing her cunny lips and enjoying her scent. My tongue explores her inner folds and opening, finally settling on her clit. My mind is trying to block out her cries, which have intensified. I want to just "dig in" but I also don't want to make her cum yet. So, instead, I only tickle her clit with my tongue, alternating from barely touching it to flicking at it roughly. I raise my eyes so I can see her. I can just about make out her face, and her head is thrashing about wildly. I take her button between my teeth and give it quick nip, enjoying the sound of her little yelp. 

I can no longer take the pressure in my loins. I slide up, moving my hips between her legs. I can't believe how hot this has made me. It's as if my initial anger has fueled my desire, and I want her more now than I ever have. Moving the tip of my penis closer, I push against her just enough to barely enter her opening. A loud groan escapes Liz's lips. She's trying to move her hips to push my cock further into her with little success.

"Oh, please Bill....please.....don't do this to me," she cries out to me. 

"Do what?" I ask innocently.

In a growling tone come the words I've been waiting to hear. "Stop teasing me, you bastard. Stop teasing me and FUCK ME!" She's looking me in the eye as she yells the last two words.

I feel myself beginning to lose control. I'm using all my willpower to only push my cock in partially, stopping at about the halfway point.

"This? Is this what you want?" I ask, grinding my hips a little to tease her even more.

*************

I'm going to kill him once this is over. What the hell does he want from me? I look at him and scream, "YES! YESSSSS! FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARD!"

I can tell he's moving his legs into a kneeling position, getting ready to take me all the way. I raise my hips as much as I can in anticipation. Suddenly, that feeling I love overwhelms me. Bill is thrusting forward, ramming his cock into me as far as it will go. I feel him hit against my cervix, and there's a slight pain, but I know that it will soon fade. I can't stop myself from letting out a long, loud moan. I feel his hands burrowing into the bed next to my body, on either side of me. I know that this means he is using all his body strength to pull back and shove his cock into me again. Oh God, there it is, ramming into me hard, his body pounding against me, balls slapping my buttocks. I can feel his body tightening, and I know he may not be able to last much longer. His thrusts bear into me harder and harder, and I moan louder each time, knowing that this drives him crazy, but I'm unable to control myself. 

Every part of my body seems to be on fire. I can feel that familiar tightness and warmth building in my belly. But, because of the position I'm in, I can't move to meet his powerful thrusts. I have to wait, instead, for his poundings to hit me in just the right spot, which is prolonging my climax. I struggle harder against my restraints, hoping to relax their hold on me somewhat, but it's no use. I cry out in frustration.

******************

I can tell she's at the brink, but because of her immobility, her engorged clit must not be getting enough attention. I know exactly what I need to do. I ram her again, but then I pause and grind my lower body against her, gyrating my hips enough to rub her button. I continue with this routine - pounding and grinding, pounding and grinding – and I can tell I was correct in my assumption by the way she is now yelling instructions at me. "That's it! Right there! Don't stop! Don't stoooooppppp!!!!!"

My teeth are clenched, and I'm using all my willpower not to cum. I squeeze my eyes shut as I feel her spasms building, her cunny clenching and tightening around my cock. I look at her; her body appears racked with pleasure, and I hear those words I've been waiting for - "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

I clench my buttocks, scrunching my stomach and shoulders, a loud groan escaping my mouth. Her cunt is gripping my cock so tightly now that I can't hold back any longer. It feels like my orgasm will never end, jutting sperm into her clenching cunny over and over again. Finally, it stops and I fall on top of her, gasping for breath. I can hear her, she's still panting. I place my face next to hers, waiting for her breathing to slow, and am surprised to find wetness. I look at her and see tears leaking out of her eyes. Puzzled, I raise my eyebrows in a questioning manner.

"I hate you," she tells me, weakly. "I fucking hate you."

"I know," I answer, kissing her tears away, smoothing her hair with my hand, hoping like hell she's not serious.

END.