 The last few weeks had been pretty boring…just going through the usual routine of going to work, coming home, and going to bed just to start all over again. As I made my usual trip back home after work one day I noticed the billboard for a local strip club. I had been by that banner hundreds of times and not really paid it any attention til today. The girl on it was a total knockout. Since I didn't have any pressing plans for the night I decided to stop by the club and enjoy myself for once.

I'm by no chance a prude, and this wasn't my first time going to a strip club, but the other times had been with friends. This was my first time going solo. I paid my cover and walked inside. The place was really upscale and clean, which was much better that the other club I had been to. It wasn't too crowded inside so I took a seat near the stage. A series of different girls did their routines and after a few hours I decided it was about time for me to hit the road. Just as I started to stand up I heard a familiar sound as the music started up. I've been a big AC/DC fan for some time so it took me no time to recognize my favorite song "Back in Black". All of a sudden, out from the curtains came something that made me do a double take. It was the girl from the billboard in a hot black number. 

I sat back down and decided to sit through one more set. I felt like a high school student at a pep rally, I was so excited. As the third song finished she picked up a few tips and started talking to a few of the guys around the stage. As she found way over to me she gave a wink and asked if I enjoyed the show. I told her that it was one of the best I had ever seen. She grinned and asked if I would like a private dance. You only live once, so I decided to enjoy myself. She led me back to a small room off the side from the main floor. I had never seen a room like it before. You couldn't see in from the main floor, but you could see out onto the main floor. I guess those had been the mirrors I had seen from the main floor. 

We both sat down and began to chat for a few minutes. She told me that she had been watching from behind the curtains and saw me stand up and start to leave before her dance started. She asked what made me decide to change my mind. I told her how it had been the billboard of her that had brought me to the club in the first place. I was ready to leave until I heard the music and she stepped out onto the stage. That was all it took to get me to stay. She gave me a peck on the cheek and stepped outside to start the music to the private room. 

She gave one of the sexiest lap dances I had ever had. Her gorgeous body and the fact that I could see everything that was going on outside but no one could see in was a huge turn on to me and I was hard in no time. She had her back to me and began to grind her perfectly shaped ass onto my groin when she felt my hard cock about to tear its way out of my pants. She turned around facing me and I thought she was going to be upset with me. To my surprise she told me that she was going to make it worth my while for not leaving earlier. 

With that she unbuckled my belt and unzipped my pants…causing my hard cock to spring from my pants like a jack in the box. Without missing a beat she took my cock into her waiting mouth. I wasn't sure if she had ever done this with a customer before, but she was definitely a pro. I held her hair out of the way so I could see her beautiful face as she bobbed up and down on my rod. I sat there in heaven; I had never in my wildest dreams expected a night like this. 

As she sucked me I saw a few people walk by the mirror, completely what was going on not 6 feet from them. The idea that I was getting sucked off by a beautiful woman in a public place like this was almost too much for me. After a few minutes I realized that I couldn't take it any more and I was about to explode. I gave the handful of hair a slight pull…not enough to hurt her, but enough for her to realize what was getting ready to happen. Now it would be a little obvious if she walked out of the room with my cum on her, so something else had to be done. She increased her speed and pressure on my cock and in a matter of a few moments I felt the tension in my balls build until they were so tight I thought they were going to explode. A couple seconds later I was shooting load after load of my hot sticky cum into her mouth and straight down her throat. Without missing a lick, she slurped up every drop of it and sucked my cock until it was completely drained.

When she was finished she got dressed again, gave me a peck on the cheek and said not to be a stranger. I came back several times after that, but we'll save that story for another time….