 It was an ordinary late summer day, muggy but not too hot. She had left for work planning to stop home to change before meeting a friend for drinks. As her days usually went, things got crazy, she missed lunch, meetings ran long and she rushed to meet her friend without changing. She had dressed for work in her favorite pinstriped suit. The jacket fit like a dream over her white silk cami, but the skirt was barely long enough to be work appropriate. At 5'9" and all legs it was tough to find skirts that weren't too short but recently she had been trying less hard to find them. She liked her long tanned legs. They were runners legs, lean and strong and they turned heads - why hide them? This skirt in particular however had a slit in the back that almost revealed too much when she bent over and was certainly not appropriate for the pool hall where she was meeting her friend. Right then however, she was running late enough that she didn't care.

When she arrived her friend was nowhere to be found so she grabbed a Mich Ultra from the bar and the table in the corner. She decided to warm up a bit while she waited. She took off her jacket and tossed over a stool in the corner. As she racked the balls she noticed a man at the table next to hers also playing alone. He was tall, even by comparison to her in 3" heels. He brushed his sandy hair back out of his face and gave her a knowing smile as she realized her glance had lingered too long.

Embarrassed she returned to the task at hand and walked over to select her cue. After making her pick she turned around to find that the mystery man had made his way over to her table. She blushed and did her best to stammer and apology, but he cut her short. "The only reason I noticed you staring was because I was looking too" he said with a smile, "are you meeting your boyfriend?"

"N..n..no...I mean no, I'm meeting a girlfriend for drinks and a couple of games, no boyfriend" she barely managed to utter. She couldn't believe the hold he had over her. She could barely catch her breath, her heart was racing, it was hard to believe she had just met this man and already felt such a strong physical connection.

"Listen, why don't we share a table while you wait, it's always more fun that playing alone" he offered. She quickly accepted, more quickly than was appropriate she thought. The place was relatively empty, but starting to pick up. She figured that her friend would find her easily enough, but secretly hoped that maybe shed get stood up.

Being a gentleman, he let her break. She made sure he was watching as she bent over to take her shot and took a little longer than usual to find the right angle. She was distracted enough that the break was terrible and she was a little disappointed in herself, she was usually better. When she caught his eye however, she was surprised. It wasn't pity or amusement she saw, but a smoldering gaze that made her wonder what he was up to.

They continued the game, each paying more attention to the other than the table until only an impossible combination remained. She knew she would never make it and innocently asked for his guidance. He had played well enough despite the obvious heat between them, maybe with his help she could end the game and move on with the evening. The heat between them had been growing and she had playfully teased him as the game progressed. He responded with the odd pinch or slap but had kept his distance. He kept up with her, playing her little game better than she did. 

He moved in close to her, she could feel the heat of his body as he leaned in and it only served to turn her on more. He reached around her and placed his hand on the cue. He used his other hand to move her hips to the side so he could be closer to her and without a sound, unzipped his pants.

When the manager looked out across the room he was amused to see the couple in the corner, her bent over the able with him leaning in behind her to help her line up a shot. It was a classic move, he had seen it a million times. What he didn't see was that the guy in the corner had managed to lift her already short skirt and in one skillful maneuver had swept aside her thong and before she could protest sunk his throbbing cock balls deep into her already dripping pussy. She gasped; partly from shock at having been taken so abruptly and partly from the sheer size of the cock buried in her. It was definitely the biggest she had known and as her stretched pussy struggled to accommodate his girth she leaned back into him, eager to take his full length with each stroke. 

She bit her lip hard as he continued thrusting, trying desperately stifle the moans that wanted to escape her lips. Her eyes scanned the room to see if anyone was watching as he whispered "I hope they notice." It was then that she realized she was still clutching the cue in her right hand and let it fall clumsily to the floor. It landed with a sharp bang on the hardwood and the manager turned his head. She winked at him and licked her lips oblivious to the rest of the room which was now catching on. She found it strangely erotic that the manager wasn't trying to hide the fact that he was watching and enjoying the scene before him. 

She stopped biting her lip, her moans were coming more quickly now and beginning to mix with his. She was sure everyone was watching and didn't wasn't to disappoint. She arched her back and tossed her long hair back out of her face pressing her ample tits against the table; changing her position just enough to extort a guttural moan from her partner.

Unable to contain himself much longer he grabbed both of her hips roughly and slammed into her. She clutched the table, barely able to dodge the balls left from their interrupted game. Pounding her fist against the slate she screamed "faster...faster" He quickly complied and her moans quickly turned into uninhibited screams. Hearing her give in to the waves of pleasure that were overtaking her was too much for him and with one final thrust he shot his load deep in her spasming pussy, collapsing on top of her.

As they lay panting on the table they became aware of the bright flashes of cell phone cameras and the low rumble of applause from the crowd that had grown around them. All he said was, "Same time next week?"