 Didn't it figure that her name had to be Erin? I had only a few weeks earlier been unceremoniously dumped by my girlfriend of almost a year whose name also happened to be Erin. This Erin was so much different than the other, though, that I didn't even flinch. My ex was fair-skinned, green-eyed and slim with long black hair. This Erin had a curvier figure, bigger boobs, light brown hair with blonde highlights, blue eyes and a nice, healthy-looking tan. I don't think I would have cared if her name was the same as my mom's; I would have been interested in her no matter what.

As it turned out, the reason we'd never met before, despite this being a party of mostly people from my high school, was because she was there with Billy, who happened to be her cousin. She was spending the weekend at his house and, conveniently, Mike was throwing a party that night. Unfortunately, Mike's parents weren't gone for the entire night, so we would need to find something else to do if I was to continue laying my rap on her. Not surprisingly, Jim came to my rescue and got into a conversation with Billy about some AC/DC concert that was being shown late that night on MTV. When Billy said he was planning to stay up to watch it, Jim offered to bring some of the leftover beer from the party over. Billy thought that sounded like a fine idea but would just need to make sure his parents had already gone to bed.

After we split from Mike's, with Erin appearing to be pleased that we'd be stopping by later, we swung by Jim's just long enough to wait for Billy to call and give us the all clear. It was just a few minutes later when we were parking a few houses down and lugging a twelve-pack up the street. Billy let us in through the garage and into the family room where Erin was sitting on the couch in a short nightshirt. Jim handed me two beers and I went to sit by her, picking up where we had left off. Neither of us was a big fan of AC/DC so we didn't care much about the concert on the TV and were glad to have each other there to keep each other company. As she repositioned herself while we talked, I caught a couple glimpses of her panties beneath her short nightshirt. I hoped that I hadn't gaped openly, but it didn't seem as though she was aware that she'd flashed me.

We weren't paying enough attention to the other two to notice when they had both dozed off but at one point we realized that, other than the TV, it had gotten awfully quiet. We contemplated dipping their hands in warm water or painting their faces, but instead decided to take advantage of being essentially alone. Erin led me from the family room through the kitchen and into the living room. There was another couch there and, as soon as we sat down, we were making out. My right arm was around her shoulders on the back of the couch but my left started at her hip and soon moved up to fondle her tit, which turned out to be unencumbered by a bra. Her nipple was hard, so I tweaked it gently through her nightshirt, eliciting a soft "oh" from Erin.

My cock was rock hard in the confines of my jeans, thanks in part to Erin's hand sliding up and down my thigh. When I decided to get my hand on her bare tit by sliding it up under her nightshirt, I was pleasantly surprised that, when I started to go for the hem of her nightshirt, she spread her legs for me. My hand took a quick detour to the damp front of her panties then ventured inside, through her trim bush to her dripping pussy. She moaned softly into my mouth as I lightly caressed her clit, spreading the juices from her pussy over it. When she had to take her mouth away from mine and press her face against my neck as she humped her pussy against my hand, I figured it was time to really make her feel good. I maneuvered off the couch, kneeling before her on the floor, and slid her panties down her smooth, tan legs.

She spread her legs, pulling her nightshirt up just below her boobs, while I ran my hands up and down her thighs, planting soft kisses ever closer to her pussy. Her bush was a trim light brown surrounded by the much lighter skin that had been covered by a scant bikini when she'd tanned. Finally, I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the sweet nectar collecting there, as she let out a somewhat harsher sounding moan. Her hands found their way into my hair as I lapped at her pussy and she began to rock her hips toward my face. Focusing my tonguing on her clit, I slipped a finger into her very slippery but very snug hole and began to slowly slide it in and out. Her breathing started to sound more like panting as I devoured her juicy pussy and she squirmed wildly on the couch.

It was starting to sound as though she might hyperventilate the longer I licked and sucked her clit. Her pussy was becoming more engorged, which I took as a good sign that she was approaching an orgasm. I would have been perfectly content to eat her sweet pussy until the sun came up, but I didn't think it would be a good idea for Billy's family to catch us in the act as they were coming downstairs for coffee, so I was glad that she was verging on major cum. She seemed to be tensing up while holding my head firmly against her pussy and, when she was finally just about to cum, she squeezed my head between her smooth, tan thighs. I kept going, wanting to get her over the edge and provide her some relief and, finally, she started to shake as she came. She managed to keep her noises to a minimum but it was clear to me that she was experiencing an intense orgasm.

After a bit, she finally seemed to relax and collapsed back onto the couch, letting out a long sigh, so I raised my head and waited for her to open her eyes. When she finally did, she asked me if I had a condom. I nodded and reached for my wallet, extracting a fairly fresh Trojan, as she undid my jeans. She took the Trojan and unwrapped it while I got my jeans and underwear down far enough to allow my cock to spring out. She handed me the condom and I rolled it on while she slid her ass to the edge of the couch so that I could easily slip into her. I guided my sheathed cock between her lips and slowly eased myself in, surprised by how snug she was. Once I was fully embedded, I leaned forward to make out with her as I slowly slid in and out of her amazing pussy.

Her arms were around my neck but I finally took advantage and slid my hand up under her nightshirt to fondle her bare tits as I fucked her. They were full and soft and smooth, topped with hard nipples, so I distracted myself with fondling them both as I continued to slowly pump my cock in and out of her. It was really nice and, like eating her pussy, I would have been content to fuck her all night long. Before I got too close to cumming, however, I started to realize how uncomfortable the carpet was against my knees for such a long period of time. As it started to become a distraction, I had to take matters into my own hands to remedy it. I slid my hands around under Erin's ass, another model of perfection by the way, and pulled my mouth from hers to ask her to wrap her legs around me and hold on tight. We held onto each other as I stood up, turned and lowered us back onto the couch with me now sitting and her straddling me.

She maneuvered until she was perfectly comfortable and started riding me again while I worked that nightshirt up over her head and tossed it aside. The light in the room was dim, but I could see her tits highlighted by tanlines right in front of my face. I went back to fondling her tits, with both hands this time, while she started riding me harder and faster now that she was in control. I was watching her face in the dim light; her eyes were closed but her mouth hung open and occasionally a soft moan would slip out. The way she was moving was not the most stimulating to me, but at this point I was more interested in getting her off, even though she'd cum once already. I was happy to be fucking her, but I wanted this to be an awesome experience for her so that there was potential for the future.

As she appeared to be getting closer to another orgasm, based on the way she was moving faster and faster and how her pussy was again becoming wetter and more engorged, I moved my hands down to her hips and was working my own pelvis to push more deeply into her. My eyes dropped down to her tits, though, since I wasn't covering them with my hands any longer. I watched them bouncing as she bounced on my lap and was beginning to feel just the stirrings of my eventual orgasm. After her movements got to the point where her hips were practically a blur, she stopped suddenly and seemed to go into slow motion as a strangled noise escaped from her throat. I could feel the tremors coursing through her body as she rode out her orgasm, then felt the tension leave her body as she came back down to Earth.

When she opened her eyes and nearly melted me with her smile, she kissed me a few times before asking if we could do it doggie. I didn't think that "Oh, hell, yeah!" was the appropriate response, so I just nodded and smiled back at her. She disengaged herself from me then moved onto all-fours at the end of the couch. I still had my jeans around my knees and quickly got rid of them and my underwear before moving behind her. Her ass was a work of art, especially as highlighted by her tanlines, but I had to resist my strong desire to spank her, lest we wake somebody up. I settled for massaging her cheeks before guiding my tool back into her until my hips pressed against her succulent ass.

Holding her by the hips, I started to thrust in and out, again amazed by how snug and slippery she felt. Once I got a good rhythm going, I slid my hands up from her hips to fondle her dangling, swinging tits. With no clock visible in the dim light, I had completely lost track of how long we'd been going at it. I was hoping beyond hope that no one was going to wake up and either discover us or set us scrambling about to not get caught. Given this, I was fucking her hard and as deeply as I could manage, my hips slapping quietly against her awesome ass. I could feel my long overdue orgasm beginning to build and assumed that I'd be filling the reservoir tip of my condom in a matter of just a few more minutes.

As I approached my expectedly intense orgasm, Erin must have felt my cock growing thicker within her. She whimpered in a soft voice an inquiry as to whether I would be interested in having her finish me off with her mouth. I was close enough to cumming that I probably could have just finished up in a matter of a minute or two, but I was much more interested in having her lips wrapped around my unsheathed tool. I pulled out of her and stripped off the condom as I sat while she moved from her knees on the couch to her knees before me on the floor. My eyes were adjusted to the dark enough at that point that I was able to watch her take my cock in her hand, pump it gently, then lower her mouth over it. I moaned softly and ran my fingers through her hair as she pumped the base of my cock and slid her hot mouth up and down my shaft.

While the transition between fucking her and her sucking my cock might have given me a few more minutes of staying power, the removal of the condom cancelled any potential gain. She didn't even need to lick my balls, though she did have time enough to do it very briefly, before my cock was swelling in anticipation of cumming. She kept her lips wrapped around it, sliding them up and down while pumping the base, as my orgasm continued to build and I found myself pushing my hips toward her face. She picked up the intensity of her cocksucking, doing her best to bring me off with the most pleasure she could. When I finally exploded into her hot mouth, she swallowed my load as she continued to suck my cock, seeming reluctant to stop even once I was obviously completely spent.

Raising her head, she asked if she had done okay and I assured her that she had done more than okay, that she had been outstanding. That smile reappeared and made me feel like melting again as I pulled her against me and slid my hands down to squeeze her bare ass again. We decided we'd pushed our luck long enough and groped around in the low light to find our clothes and pull them back on. Once we were dressed, I told Erin that I really wanted to see her again and wondered if she lived close enough that it was a possibility.

"I would hope so," she replied, "I live in Bridgewater."

"Bridgewater?" I echoed, almost too loudly, "I could almost walk if I wanted to see you!"

"That's true," she confirmed, "but I wouldn't want you to waste your energy. Plus, cars have backseats for a reason."

I knew I was going to like this girl.