 This story was inspired by a cute vignette I ran across on one of the popular X-rated video sites. Please do me the favor of rating the story when you're finished reading it.

All the characters, locales and situations in this story are entirely fictitious, and any similarity to actual persons either living or dead is entirely coincidental. All characters involved in sexual situations are intended to be over eighteen years of age.

Billy's Special Day - A 19 year-old sorority girl takes pity on a campus groundskeeper she mistakenly believes is mentally handicapped.

© Hugh Janard 2017

**** **** ****

I moved the rake listlessly back and forth, back and forth, occasionally looking up to take in the veritable ocean of dead leaves that stretched before me. The depressing reality of my situation seemed to press down on me like a 100 lb. barbell strapped to my shoulders.

How had it come to this, with me now forced to scratch out a meager living as a campus groundskeeper? Two years ago I was riding high, with a new car, ritzy apartment, cute girlfriend, and plenty of money in the bank. During those heady days it was all too easy to ignore the inconvenient fact that I was playing with dynamite.

My extravagant lifestyle certainly had nothing to do with my "official" job, as a shipping clerk for a company that sold electronic gear online. Rather, it was due to my moonlighting as a dealer of high potency marijuana and hashish. I had great connections along with a satisfied and growing clientele - I had every confidence I could make myself a quick bundle and retire at a young age. And then it all went to shit.

Somebody I trusted set me up, that much was clear, and so it was that on a cold February evening I found myself handcuffed in the back of a police cruiser, the comfortable life I'd been leading suddenly gone forever. Eighteen months in a minimum security prison followed. And now I was living in a halfway house for parolees, forced to work in a menial job for peanuts in order to avoid going back to prison to serve out the remainder of my four year term. The world now seemed like a giant shit sandwich, of which I was forced to eat a generous-sized portion every single day.

**** **** ****

My melancholy reflections were rudely interrupted when someone cleared their throat not two feet away from me. I visibly flinched, and quickly turned to face my unexpected visitor. It was one of the girls from the campus sorority house, whose front lawn I was presently working on. A very pretty redhead, who was wearing a friendly expression.

"Excuse me," she said, "I really didn't mean to startle you. My name is Madeleine - Maddy. And what is your name?" She stuck out her hand, and looked at me expectantly.

I couldn't quite make out why she was speaking to me in that elaborately slow and condescending voice that adults typically use when speaking to small children, and then I remembered the "Special Olympics" t-shirt I was wearing, something that one of my "hosts" in the halfway house had dug up for me. This sorority babe obviously thought I'd been one of the participants.

"What the hell," I thought to myself. "Why not play along, and see where it leads? This could be fun."

I timidly reached out and shook her extended hand. "Hi Miss Maddy, pleased to meet you. I'm Billy."

I looked her over, while trying not to be too obvious about it. She was about 5'5", slender and obviously fit, with straight, auburn-colored hair that extended just past her shoulders. She had that very pale complexion you see in most redheads, along with large, expressive brown eyes. She had just a few tiny red spots, undoubtedly the vestiges of a lengthy battle with acne, around her mouth - this in no way spoiled her appearance, but was undoubtedly a source of frustration for her.

Maddy was dressed in a white blouse, with a pleated, red plaid skirt. She also had on black and white saddle shoes, something I hadn't seen in ages. Was this some kind of uniform of the sorority, I wondered?

Finally I said: "And what can I do for you, Miss Maddy?"

She gave me an indulgent and radiant smile, showing off perfect white teeth. "I hate to bother you, Billy, I can see you have an important job to do. But we just got a new piece of equipment in the exercise room, and I need someone to help me move it into place. Can you help me with that? I'd be happy to pay you a dollar."

I snickered to myself about that - tuition at this tony institution was at least ten thousand bucks a semester. And Maddy was going to pay me a whole dollar!

But what I said was, "Sure, I'd be happy to help Miss Maddy! And you really don't have to pay me anything."

"Thanks, Billy," she said with a smile. "Right this way."

**** **** ****

I followed her through the tall double doors into a lobby with a high ceiling. It was a Sunday afternoon, and the place seemed completely deserted. She led me down a hallway that connected to the lobby, and at the very end of it we entered a medium-sized room that had mirrored walls, a padded floor, and a number of obviously expensive pieces of gym-quality workout equipment scattered about - stationary bikes, weight machines, stair climbers, treadmills and the like. There was a very fancy stationary bike with elaborate controls, obviously brand new, sitting right by the doorway.

"Billy, what I want to do is move this" - here she indicated the bike by the doorway - "over to there." She pointed to an open spot along the opposite wall.

"Sure, no problem Miss Maddy!" I said.

I positioned myself behind the bike, while she stationed herself in front of it. Through a combination of pushing and pulling we were able to move it across the room to the spot she'd indicated with little difficulty.

"Wonderful, Billy!" Maddy enthused. "Now what can I do to thank you if you won't accept any money?"

I pretended to ponder this. "Could I show you something that's a great big secret, Miss Maddy?"

"Of course, Billy!" she said encouragingly.

"Okay, but you have to close your eyes," I said. "And you have to promise you won't tell anyone!"

"Okay, Billy, I promise." So saying, Maddy closed her eyes and waited expectantly.

Now, when I'd been pushing the exercise bike I had put my hips right up against it, and the pressure against my loins had caused my dick to begin to swell and stiffen. I was actually surprised Maddy hadn't noticed. Now I unzipped my pants, took the offending organ out and gave it a few quick strokes, until it was nearly fully erect.

I took a couple of steps forward until I was standing directly in front of her. Then I reached out and gently took hold of her hand.

"Here Miss Maddy, check this out!" I said, as I closed her hand around my swollen tool.

"Billy!" To say that Maddy reacted with extreme shock would be a giant understatement. She jumped back exactly as if I had drawn a sharp knife blade across her palm. "What do you think you're doing?"

I immediately dropped to my knees and began blubbering. "Please, Miss Maddy! Don't be mad at me! I thought you'd like it! Miss Covington - she runs the shelter I live at - Miss Covington likes to hold it! I thought you would too!"

Here I held my arms out to her theatrically, imploring her to forgive me. Maddy, recovering from the initial shock, seemed to soften at the mention of the imaginary Miss Covington.

"Has - has someone - a grownup person - told you it was okay to display your penis to people Billy?" Maddy's tone was actually sympathetic. She obviously thought some unscrupulous person had been taking advantage of me.

"Only when we're playing our secret game, Miss Maddy! I thought you'd want to play it with me too!" I let my voice trail off into sobs and sniffles.

"Well... you just have to get to know someone awhile before you can play those kinds of games, Billy," she told me. "But don't worry, I won't tell on you."

"Oh, thank you Miss Maddy!" I was on my knees in front of her, and I looked up at her with relief and gratitude shining from my face. "I wish... I wish you'd just let me do something to show you how grateful I am."

Maddy sat down on a chair sitting against the wall. "And what would that be, Billy?" My dick, now sadly deflated, was still extending out from the front of my trousers, but she now didn't seem too concerned about it.

"Let me show you," I said eagerly, moving on my knees to a position just in front of her. She looked very dubious as I moved in even closer - nevertheless, when I grabbed her right foot and gently pushed it to the side, she obligingly raised her knees and spread her thighs wide apart for me.

Through her white panties I could just make out the dark opening of her cunt, and noticed there was a wet circle on her panties just in front of it. I smiled happily as I raised my hand and began massaging the area directly above that beguiling hole. This was going to be fun.

**** **** ****

I pulled Maddy's panties off to the side, and with the other hand reached in and began playing with her vulva. After a few moments I looked up at her - her face was flushed, and she was breathing heavily.

"Miss Maddy?" I said politely, "These will just be in the way - let me help you get them off." So saying, I grabbed hold of the top of her panties at her thighs, and began pulling downward. After a moment of hesitation, she brought her legs together and lifted her butt off the chair. It was hard to get them to pass over her clunky saddle shoes, but I managed it, and gently tossed them aside.

Meantime, Maddy sighed audibly, and once again pulled her knees up and spread her thighs wide. Her cunt was now directly in front of my face and open for inspection. The lips were a deep red and obviously swollen, and her crotch area was covering by a light sprinkling of reddish pubic hair. "Oh, Billy," she moaned softly.

I licked my thumb and ran it slowly up and down the luscious red lips, drawing louder moans from Maddy when I set it on top of her clitoral hood and began wiggling it gently. Then I turned my head slightly to the side and stuck my tongue deep inside Maddy's warm, wet pussy, wondering idly whether my tongue was long enough to directly stimulate her G-spot. I didn't think so, but then again there was no harm in trying.

Maddy placed both hands on my head and began massaging my hair with nervous, insistent fingers, as the volume of her moans increased noticeably. I replaced my tongue with my right index and middle fingers, probing for that elusive G-spot, while my mouth began sucking very gently on her clit.

"Billy!" Once again Maddy startled me with the forcefulness of her reaction. She was suddenly on her feet, standing in front of me, and her chest was heaving as she tried to catch her breath.

"Please, Miss Maddy!" I whimpered, looking as if I was ready to burst into tears again. "Please don't be mad at me! I didn't mean to hurt you!"

She smiled indulgently. "Oh Billy, you didn't hurt me! Not at all! It's just that you almost made me... well, never mind. Anyway, it was so unexpected. I - I wasn't ready for it, is all."

"You liked what I did, Miss Maddy?" I asked, sniffling.

"Oh, yes, I loved it Billy!" She grabbed me under the arm and pulled, indicating for me to stand up. When I did, she stood on her tip-toes and kissed me on the lips.

"Billy," she said, blushing a little. "If you'll take off your pants and underwear, I'd like to show you just how much."

"Okay, Miss Maddy!" I said eagerly. I did as she asked, taking off my shoes and t-shirt for good measure. Now I stood completely naked in front of her.

She looked me up and down. "Wow, Billy, you have a very large penis!" she said admiringly. "And it's so incredibly hard! You know what - girls like it a lot when getting turned on makes a man's sex organ really stiff like that."

She began stroking the thick shaft in an affectionate way, then put her other hand on my shoulder and lifted her face up to mine - we kissed again, this time letting our tongues explore each others mouths.

"Now I think it's time for you to close your eyes, Billy," she said with a smile. "And believe me, this is a surprise I know you're going to like very much."

"Okay, Miss Maddy!" I said, pretending as if I didn't have the slightest idea what she had in store for me. I closed my eyes as she requested, and a couple seconds later there was the delightful feeling of my dick being partially enveloped by Maddy's lovely mouth. I moaned softly with pleasure as I reveled in the sensations of my dick making intimate contact with Maddy's lips and tongue, the roof of her mouth, and even her chiclet-like teeth.

I opened my eyes and looked down, as Maddy - now kneeling before me - engaged in some serious knob-polishing. She seemed determined to deliver a blow job that would beat anything Miss Covington was capable of by a country mile. Thus, she sucked vigorously as she moved her head rapidly back and forth, occasionally poking the head of it into the inside of her cheek, and making it bulge out like a chipmunk.

Finally she paused, and looked up at me. "Do you like that, Billy?" she asked in a completely innocent and nonchalant tone of voice.

"Oh, yes, Miss Maddy!" I cried. "Please don't stop!"

For the first time Maddy lifted my dick and regarded my shaved balls. "You shave your scrotum, Billy?" she asked in surprise. This obviously didn't quite fit the picture she clearly had of me as a sexual innocent.

"Miss Covington makes me do that," I explained hastily. "She says it's good, um, hy-something, I forget," I added lamely.

"Hygiene," Maddy corrected.

"Only she has to do it, because when I tried I cut myself," I explained. "It really hurt a lot."

"Oh, poor Billy!" said Maddy. "Here, let me kiss it and make it better." Here she planted a wet kiss on my wrinkled ball sack, followed by licking and some gentle sucking. Then she went back to working on my cock with renewed vigor. Damn, it felt good - but suddenly, just a little too good.

"Miss Maddy, Miss Maddy!" I said with real alarm. "If - if you keep doing that, I'm afraid it will spit at you!"

Maddy laughed gently, then got to her feet. "Well, we certainly couldn't have that, could we Billy?" she asked teasingly.

"Miss Maddy, I hope you won't get mad if I ask, but would you like me to put it inside of you?" I affected a worried expression, as if I expected her to be affronted by the very suggestion.

Maddy stood regarding my prominent member, and appeared to be thinking it over. She had thus far removed only her panties, and was still wearing her blouse, skirt and shoes. Finally she said: "Why yes, Billy, I think I'd like that very much."

**** **** ****

She quickly unbuttoned her blouse, unhooked her bra, and then reached to her side and undid the clasp for her skirt. Suddenly she was quite naked, except for the saddle shoes. She had perky, medium-sized breasts with pinkish nipples, and an ass that was perhaps a trifle too big, but still looked very hot.

She took me by the hand indulgently. "Come over here, Billy." She led me over to one of the stationary bikes - not the one I had helped her move - and settled into the seat. There were a pair of side handles that she grabbed onto, then she looked up at me as she spread her thighs apart wide.

You can believe I was not slow in positioning myself in front of her. I grabbed the base of my stiff member, and began slowly moving it up and down, rubbing the head against Maddy's vulva, and paying particular attention to her hooded clit. She turned her face to the side and closed her eyes, breathing heavily.

Irreverently I remembered a sex manual I'd read in high school, which contained the memorable line: Intercourse proper begins with the insertion of the male's penis into the female's vagina. I decided it was high time to follow those excellent instructions, and thus after a final bit of rubbing I inserted the head into the opening of Maddy's cunt and pushed my hips forward in a slow but forceful fashion.

Watching the stiff, thick shaft of my dick being slowly absorbed by Maddy's pussy was almost as pleasurable as the sensation of its warm, moist and oh so tight embrace. A month or so earlier I'd fucked one of the other residents of the halfway house, a dark-haired former druggie named Chloe, but her cooter wasn't remotely as snug, juicy and all around comfortable as Maddy's. This was premium, Grade-A poon I was dicking, and no mistake.

I continued moving my cock in and out of Maddy's snatch with slow, rhythmic strokes, but after a minute or so Maddy opened her eyes and gave me a look that seemed almost reproachful. "Billy," she pleaded, you don't have to go so slow!"

"Am I doing it wrong, Miss Maddy?" I inquired, doing my best to sound like the clueless neophyte.

Her hips wriggled impatiently. "No, but some girls like it with just a bit more energy than Miss Covington does." And then, whispering, "Go faster, Billy."

I began to pump my hips more rapidly, but only by a little. A look of real frustration appeared on Maddy's face. "No Billy, fuck me hard!"

Neither of us spoke for a few moments, as I began thrusting with purpose, and we were both aware of the rhythmic slapping of my hips on her ass, as well as a wet squishy sound of my dick moving rapidly in and out of her juicy cunt. Maddy closed her eyes and muttered, "Fuck hard!"

I observed Maddy's upper body, and there was a reddish flush that had descended from her face to her shoulders and the upper part of her breasts. Her ears were literally a crimson red. As I continued to watch my thick staff moving rapidly in and out of her, I noticed it suddenly streaked with that white, foamy girl cum that some women produce when they're exceptionally aroused. It was clear that Maddy had been overdue for a hard, sweaty, intense fuck. Just exactly what I was giving her, I thought happily.

After awhile I felt I needed some kind of pause, lest I spill my seed prematurely. So I withdrew my dick from Maddy's pussy, and instead began to rhythmically rub it up and down the length of her red slit. For a few moments she grabbed hold of it, pushing it hard against her clit. Then she looked up at me and inclined her eyes towards a nearby weight machine. Both of us stood up.

Maddy looked vaguely embarrassed. Maybe fucking generally wasn't this intense for her. Her cunt-hole was ringed with the foamy female cum stuff, which was also running down her leg. It was also all over my dick and my balls. She avoided taking in this messy scene as she walked somewhat shakily towards the weight machine, bent forward and grabbed hold of the frame. There was a lower bar on the frame that she positioned her right foot on, then she looked at me over her shoulder, wearing an expression that clearly said, come and get it.

I stepped behind Maddy confidently, and once again pushed my dick deep inside her tight pussy. This time I didn't even make a pretext of being gentle. I pounded her ass hard, extracting loud whimpers and grunts of pleasure from her, as the room seemed to reverberate with the insistent whap! whap! whap! sound of my hips slapping hard against Maddy's buttocks. The foamy stuff was now on my stomach and her ass, and I even saw some drip down to the floor. I had an amusing mental image of some innocent sorority sister wondering what it was. Shaving cream?

After about two minutes of this I drew out, and motioned to the padded floor, where Maddy obligingly lay down on her back. I was getting heartily tired of playing the simpleton. I dropped to my knees in front of her, and she immediately pulled her knees up and opened her thighs for me. I stretched my body out until I was lying directly on top of her, my arms stretched out straight in front of me. Maddy turned her head to the side and placed her hands lightly on my forearms.
