 Now, I felt my balls tighten and the cum quickly squirted deep in her warm wet tight well-fucked pussy. She fell forward on my chest and kissed me softly as only a loving woman can.

Lifting her head slowly, she asked, "Billy? Is it like this every time or only with you? Mike never acted like that. He never kissed me down there or made me feel all tingly like you have. Wait 'til I tell my Mom!" In an instant she was off and gone!

Before I could even think, she had left. I know I might as well kiss my ass good-bye! I poured the remains of the pee-warm coffee into the soiled cup on the side stand. I waited but not for long. I didn't think to dress.

All seven ladies paraded in with big smiles on their faces. They were jabbering to each other in a way I could not understand. Alice walked right up to me and took hold of my withered still-wet penis. 

"You have done well, my friend," she said to my pecker just as though it possessed a life of its own! "You made Prissy feel so good she is going to remember you for the rest of her life. Now her Mother wants to check you out. That is if you feel up to it. We all promised to do whatever we can to bring it off successfully. Who would you like -- Helen, Prissy, Morganna (Prissy's mom), or sweet little ol' me who has done you before?"

Naturally, my cock said nothing. Even if it could, it never had a chance with these horny women. Everyone was a real doll in their own way and everyone was clean-shaven in the pussy department. One after the other they tried sucking on my well-used prick, simultaneously, I was fed one pussy after another. I thought my tongue was going to fall off or be worn through!

I am sure that more than one of the ladies had an orgasm and I felt good about that, but my cock was not recovering enough for Morganna to try it. 

When I was finally left to myself (Ha! Well – sort of), there were three ladies in bed with me. Morganna lay to my right, Helen on my left, and Alice lay between my legs with my cock between her lips – sucking like a baby nurses. Helen kissed me passionately while Morganna concentrated on playing with my nipples. That must be where Pricilla got the idea. 

Oh well, it does feel super the way she does it. Morganna is older than I am – perhaps the oldest of all the people here, but she sure does know how to make me feel great – that is for sure! If I do not depart this life in the next few minutes, I think just possibly I might get to try Morganna's pussy.

Morganna eased her way onto my cock and it slipped right in to the hilt. She stopped -- took a few squeezes on it like I have never ever felt before. It firmed up completely, much to my surprise. She could sit nearly still and get me off without actually moving – I do believe! The warm wet smooth comfort of her extraordinary pussy was just great – truly unbelievable!

All I managed to do other than lie there content was to moan – long, low, and deliberate.

"Are you alright, dear? It feels so good to me. It seems that it feels better than it did with my late husband – bless his soul. Enough of that! Would you like to be on top? That was the only way he would allow. Oh so be it, I used to think. Now I know much better. Since I joined Helen and her friends, I have had more and better sex than in all my married life – in fact in all my life, because before I was married there was nothing."

"This is fine with me, but I'm willing to try anything you want, Mrs."

"MRS! Well that is enough of that, young man! Do you want me to continue to teach you or not?"

"S-s-sorry, Morganna. I'll not make that mistake again."

She bore down on her restrictions as she lifted herself for another wonderful stroke. With her way of intercourse, I loved every motion she made. Other people required a long fast action before I felt much of anything. Experience does matter. 

It is different with Helen, because she is so gorgeous, I nearly cum by looking at her beauty. When we did it together, I never lasted long enough to really appreciate it. 

Morganna continued slowly and deliberately, changing her length of stroke and the amount of friction she allowed. Whenever I realized even an inkling of a climax coming on, she would make subtle changes so I would start to relax, but not enough to effect the firmness of my well- used cock. I lost track of the time.

She squeezed me once so hard that I thought my cock was going to fall off. It was the orgasm she had been struggling to achieve. It seemed to me that she was about to collapse, so I carefully lowered her to my chest and held her firm in my arms. We stayed that way for hours, because we fell asleep. No one disturbed us.

Morganna was first up. How she removed herself without awakening me is a mystery, because I sleep very lightly. The first thing I realized was her beautiful nude self walking into the room carrying a bag of donuts, some cups, and the coffee pot. 

"Did you sleep well? I suppose that I do not make a good cover."

"Are you kidding! You are the greatest I ever had!"

"That's so nice of you to say, but don't let the other ladies hear you. It was just great for me, also. You can have me anytime. Here are a few donuts that I rescued from the others. That Mike character is down stairs now with Prissy. She is giving him the cold shoulder. All the ladies that are still here are fully dressed. They want me to dress you and bring you right down. Are you going to be ready in a few minutes?" She leaned in and kissed me with some feeling.

I smiled, turned back the cover, and showed her my hardon – a piss hardon! She giggled as she helped me out of bed and walked with me to the toilet. As I urinated, she watched what I did. I do not skin it back as I relieve myself, so the urine just dribbles readily out of my penis into the bowl with little or no fuss.

"Oh! That is so nice, Billy. You don't have to be concerned with leaving the bowl lid up – do you?"

"No Mam – er, Morganna. Sorry! I just am not awake. What are you going to do today?"

"Today is a big day for Prissy and I, we are going to the city to shop. She has planned on this trip for about a year and I do not want to disappoint her."

"Would you like a ride? I need to go there for supplies. The prices make it worth while."

"Sure, I'd love it. Prissy is the only problem. She might want Mike with. I don't know. You better let me ask her. You know where we live? You just come over when you are ready." She reached in and kissed me good bye.

A minute or two later, I was dressed in my thin shorts, slippers, and nothing else. Downstairs, Helen was writing a letter, the other ladies what there was left of them (about three) sat at the kitchen table. I walked up to Alice and gave her a kiss. She in turn reached out and patted my cock. I smiled, then walked out to my house.

I washed up and changed into my regular work-a-day clothes. Before starting up the old green monster, I checked all the fluids, etc. Where Prissy and her Mom lived was not far and they were ready when I arrived. The city is not too far and we were soon there.

The hardware store was my first stop and then the office supply store. Morganna had arranged to meet me at the dressmaker's studio (sewing shop). It was a small place off of the main drag, the second shop in an alley behind a large clothing establishment.

It took me a bit longer than I had first thought and I was not sure the ladies would still be there. Anna the seamstress met me at the door. She held the door shut for a little, telling me, "The ladies are dressing to show you their new things. Oh, there they are. Come right in. I'm Anna. I don't think we have ever met."

"The name is Billy. If I wore dresses, we might know each other better. The ladies all speak highly of your excellent work. I have never seen any so I will wait to decide." She held out a seat for me in front of her changing area.

Shortly the curtain parted and Prissy stepped out in a lovely red thin as a web gown that was completely transparent! Her charms were very apparent because she wore nothing else. It made her look mature and very much a lady. As she twirled, the dress opened completely. It fell from her shoulders onto her arms. Slowly she turned, then entered the changing area with a huge smile.

Morganna held the drapery to one side as she paraded herself in front of me. Her outfit was about like a babydoll nightgown top. She also wore nothing else! I could easily see her shaved pussy and I think I noticed that it was very wet. In fact, it might be dripping slightly. She turned her back, flipped a catch, and the outfit fell into her hands. I was inclined to clap at that presentation, but thought better of it.

A few minutes later, the two women walked out dressed in new regular street clothes. Morganna came close to me while Prissy was busy talking to Anna. "You liked the clothes? Didn't you? They are for the party. Has Helen invited you? I hope that she has. Most of the parties lack good quality men like you have shown yourself to be."

Prissy came over to us and whispered in her Mom's ear. Her mom smiled and nodded yes. She turned to me and said, "Anna has been making these clothes for us for years and finally Helen has invited her. Naturally she has made herself an elegant suit to wear. She wants to know if you will give her a yes or no on it. We have seen it and it is cute, but we would all like your opinion of it. Please?"

Anna stood in her normal dress next to the curtain. A tall woman compared to the other women I have seen in the "club." Perhaps about six foot tall, but slim like a fashion model. Her face is attractive but not really beautiful because it, like the rest of her, is long and narrow. Even through her street clothes, I could see that she had perfectly shaped breasts. They were just the right size for her figure

Morganna nodded and she disappeared into the changing area. Our time was not wasted because when she next showed herself, I could hardly believe the effect of a gorgeous piece of clothing! She appeared as a truly lovely doll in a purple organza jump suit. It did not fit tight but seemed to swirl about her perfect figure. She walked right up to us and stood still.

It was no test to see everything she had and it was impressive. My mouth dropped open and I could say nothing! Her mound of Venus stood out from the rest of her and it was covered by fine light brown curly hair that has been trimmed smooth and very close. She watched my face as she reached up and undid a fastener letting the outfit slide off to end up down around her feet. She was quite attractive when nude.

"Can I make something for you?" Anna asked.

"That would be great, but I do not think I can afford it, dear. No one has asked me to the party," I said with a frown. "That is going to be one fantastic event!"

Prissy spoke up, "Helen is buying all the material and Anna is doing the designing and sewing free. It is not going to cost you anything. Is it Anna." Anna shook her head and smiled as she bent away from me to pick up her suit. I spied her complete pussy and her clean clear ass pucker. She is perfectly lovely in that department.

"Please stand. We will take your clothes off, so I can get all your measurements. Stand on this measuring box please. Hand me my tape Morganna. Prissy you can write down the measurements." 

Anna led me to the modeling stand and began by unfastening my belt. Seconds later I stepped out of my long pants. My hard cock thrust itself out between the seam of my shirt where it buttons. I do not wear underclothes unless I have to. Anna smiled and took it in her hand and stroked it nicely. That firmed it up to its maximum hardness. She wrapped the tape around it. Then she measured the length with a lot of giggling from the three ladies. Then she got on with the real measurements, which went well. I told her my height and weight.

"Do you have a style in mind?" Anna asked with a huge smile. I could see that her pussy lips had reddened, swelled some, and showed they are getting wet. "You look very inviting. I am all excited just thinking of the good times you have had with these ladies. Since my George died, I have not had any fun but what I have made for myself. I do not go to bars or the like. Most of my friends are ladies. You will come in for fittings when I ask -- won't you?"

"Yes, I certainly will. I am available nearly anytime you might say. I am in no hurry now. Are you ladies?"

Morganna had just finished unbuttoning my shirt and it dropped off in her hands. Prissy was working on my shoestrings and soon they dropped away leaving only my socks to be removed. She stroked my feet lovingly as each sock left my foot.

The measurements were done and still Anna stood holding my stiff cock. I smiled at her. "What do you have in mind now, dear?" I asked Anna.

"Just lie down and let Anna sit on you a little. She is sure to like that – won't she Mom?" All that was answered was a lot of giggling. They led me over to the cot bed next to the wall. I hadn't settled before Anna was pierced to the max with my stiff dick. She let out a slight little scream of delight.

"OH my! This is divine. Now I know just what you ladies mean by excellent. I wouldn't mind having you for my comfort any time, really. Wouldn't you say so ladies?"

Morganna and Prissy took turns caressing Anna's breasts and I felt her climax a time or two. I was very nervous and did not even begin to feel that feeling as well as I did with Morganna. She obviously has spoiled me for all the ladies but her.

Thanks for reading. Comments are welcome.