 Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

"Ralph, come in here a moment. will you?" Mom wasn't really asking. She was telling me. But that was the way she always spoke to me. Bossy and dictatorial behind a phony smile. 

"Sit down, please. I have some news. Your uncle John passes away last week. He left you this." She slid a book across the table to me. "There's nothing in it so I don't see why he sent it or what value it may have. So, take it."

So like my Mom. She had obviously looked thru the book. The ribbon that had been tied around it had been cut. Since she didn't see any value to it for her she was willing to let me have it.

"When did it arrive?" I asked.

"A couple of days ago, I guess. I forgot that it was here until this afternoon." she replied.

"Sure." I said. "Thanks."

I got up to go to my room.

"Oh, on your way up please ask Kimberly to come down. We need to go clothes shopping!"

So I rapped on Kimberly's (Not Kim!) door and told her Mom was ready to go shopping. As she stepped out Kimberly saw I had the book in my hand.

"Oh, so she finally gave you that stupid empty book Uncle John sent you? A blank book. What a stupid thing to give. And as a dying memento. Better it should have been a pile of cash. Five thousand would have been nice. But an empty book? Stupid!"

So Mom had shared the book with Kimberly before she gave it to me? That sucked. But it wasn't unexpected. I was the last in line at home. Mom ruled with an iron hand. Kimberly was her favorite and I was an after-thought. And five grand? I would have been lucky if I saw fifty. 

I sat at my desk and looked the book over. There was nothing in it. A couple of hundred blank pages. It made no sense. I didn't know Uncle John all that well. Mom didn't approve of him. So we didn't visit too often.

I remembered that every time we visited he had a new girlfriend. Each one prettier and better built than the last one. They all seemed kind of bubble headed. Nice enough but not any deep intellects if you know what I mean!

Uncle John had been some sort of a chemist. He worked for a big multi-national conglomerate. From a few things he had told me I thought he worked on government top secret contracts he couldn't talk about.

I sat there and turned the book over in my hands several times before lightning struck!

I dug thru my desk drawers. I was sure it was here somewhere! And I found it in the bottom of the drawer where I'd thrown it months ago.

I'd had the black light for a long time. Never really used it but I hadn't thrown it out.

I opened the book after turning off the lights and closing the drapes and there it was! There was writing that showed up under the lamp!

"Ralph,

I sense a kindred spirit in you and so I send you this book. Use it with discretion! 

I know your mom doesn't much care for me. I don't much care for her, either. She strikes me as a real bitch. I didn't like the way she treated your Dad, my brother, and she treats you even worse since he passed away. 

But you are a smart, level headed sort. Take what I'm giving you here and use it to improve your life.

Love,

Jonathan 'Jack' Offalot, Phd.

I spent the rest of the day reading thru the book. There were about two hundred pages of handwritten text along with some chemical formulas and diagrams.

Then I read it again to see if it was what I thought it was. I was even more amazed the second time I read it. My Uncle Jack (as I now thought of him) had been a genius! A pervert, perhaps, but a true genius!

The book contained formulas that he claimed would do some really weird things. The first two were the center pieces. The first was a formula that Uncle Jack claimed would turn any woman into a cock-hungry bimbo! When ingested it would reduce the target's inhibitions, increase their sex drive and, as the icing on the cake, cause certain, um, body enhancements! 

According to his notes this was why Uncle Jack always had a gorgeous girlfriend! And he could always produce another one if he wanted. Apparently he had tested this on several of his lab assistants with amazing results.

The other part was what he called a 'necessary adaptation' to allow him to keep up with his playmates. Frankly, I didn't believe it for a minute!

I tossed the book into my desk and ignored it for a week or so. But it kept eating at me. I read it a couple more times. 

And finally I had to see if any of it was real. Or just a joke from a relative that I didn't really know all that well. 

So over the next few days I tried to decide how to test what Uncle Jack had bequeathed to me. I studied my fellow students at The Institute of Technology and Science and my neighbors looking for a suitable subject.

And after some thought I decided that my English professor would be an ideal candidate. Ms. Pricilla Puttzout was in her mid-twenties or early thirties, slim but shapeless, with mousy brown hair. She wore glasses and dressed at least twenty years older than she was.

She always kept a sports bottle of water on her desk and carried it with her everywhere she went. So the next day I waited until she was deep in discussions with some fellow student. Hoping that she wouldn't notice I filled up her bottle with the fluid I had prepared. It looked and tasted like water so there was no giving it way. Uncle Jack had been very clear on this. And it was true! Professor Puttzout never noticed that there was more in the sport bottle than before. As I watched she slowly drained the bottle.

I made it a point to hang around the English Dept over the next week or so. Uncle Jack had written that the effects would take some time to run their course. 

I noticed changes almost immediately. With in a few days Pricilla's hair became longer, reaching mid back. It gained a reddish hue and curls. Her lips became plumper. She began to wear make-up which had never happened before! Her glasses were replaced by contact lenses.

Her figure blossomed. Or maybe it was just that she started to wear more provocative clothes. Blouses that clung to her now bosomy torso. Skirts that revealed her slender legs and that made her pert butt much more prominent.

Cleavage appeared. Cleavage that had never been there earlier. Cleavage the seemed to grow exponentially. 

Within a week Pricilla was getting stares and cat-calls on a regular basis. Far from getting mad or making comments about "objectification" she sucked up the attention and encouraged more and more attention by flirting with her admirers. And she started to answer to the name "Prissy" which she NEVER would have done before!

On more than one occasion I saw her draw a particularly attentive admirer into her office. The door would remain closed for half an hour or more before he would re-emerge. Somewhat disheveled, he would stagger away, trying to pull himself together. 

So. The formula was a success! It did seem to do just what Uncle Jack had promised! And now it was my turn to profit from what I had created.

The next day, after class, I stayed behind until I was the last person in the classroom with Prissy. With my heart beating like a jackhammer I locked the classroom door and turned to face my English Professor.

Far from being disturbed by my actions Pricilla remained sitting behind her desk. As I approached her she shifted to face me. Her shoulders drew back, pushing her breasts into greater prominence. As I watched, her nipples sprang out, denting the fabric that was trying to restrain her large boobs.

I didn't say a word. I just reached out with both hands and pinched her nipples! She groaned in response while still looking me in the eyes. Her eyelids drooped in pleasure as I twisted and pinched. Becoming more aggressive I palmed her breasts. I bounced them up and down which caused a button to release itself. I took a firmer grip and shook them side to side and squeezed them against each other.

"You like having your big tits played with, don't you?" I asked.

"Oh, you have no idea," she gasped. "I love it! It feels so good! I can cum just from having my big titties handled like you're doing! Don't stop!"

So I did stop! I stepped back from her and looked into her lust filled eyes. 

"Take 'em out!" I demanded.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned as she gripped her blouse and ripped it open! Her titties bounced into the open and jiggled madly. She gazed proudly at them before lifting her eyes to mine.

"You're not wearing a bra!" I exclaimed in surprise.

"No, I don't need to! These big beauties are so firm, so solid, I don't wear a bra that often. I never thought, never even hoped that I would ever have tits like these," she cupped herself and plumped them before letting them drop to their normal proud jut. She chewed briefly on her lower lip.

"Thirty-four TRIPLE D," she announced. The capital letters could be heard in her bragging tone of voice. "From a 34-A in just over a week! And I love them! I absolutely love them! I hope they keep growing! I'd love to have a really giant pair of boobs for my lovers to slobber over!"

"Big enough for me," I muttered and I began to play with them again.

As I fondled her Triple-D breasts she reached out and quickly pulled my trousers down to my ankles. 

"Oh, how nice," she exclaimed as she began to stroke my dick. It took almost no time before I was fully erect! With six inches of throbbing hard cock in her hand, she was giggling and chuckling as she stroked me faster and faster.

I'm going to cum if you keep that up!" I told her. It was true! She knew just how to give a hand job!

"Oh, good! I love to watch men cum! I really like to watch them cum on my big titties! Cum for me! Now!" she demanded.

I really had no choice by this time. With a sound of surrender I let go a wad of cum that landed between her tits. She kept up her rapid stroking and directed the rest of my shots across both her tits. 

"How nice, that's so good," she told me. "SO warm, and so much! Good for you! Now let me clean up a little and see if I can't get you to cum again!

With out waiting for me to agree she began to suck up all the cum that decorated her boobies. First she hefted her big bouncy boobs to her lips and used her tongue to lap up all the cum she could reach. The strings that she couldn't reach with her tongue she chased down with her fingers and proceeded to suck up while looking me in the eye! Her tongue came out to circle her fingers, she stuck the cum covered digits deep into her mouth. and giving me a world class dirty look. she cleaned herself up. When she finished there wasn't a trace of jism anywhere to be seen!

"Now, let me see what I can do about Mr. Softy, here," she declared. She leaned forward and gently took my dick into her mouth. Her tongue teased the tip of my cock. Her plush lips caressed my shaft as she drew it into her mouth. After a moment or two she drew back.

"I just love to make a man hard!" she exclaimed. "Particularly after they have decorated my chest with so much sperm!"

Bending forward again she resumed her blow job. It didn't take her long to have me back to full strength! She was just as adept at providing fellatio as she was at manual manipulation. 

"How nice," she exclaimed again. "Now, honey, fuck my big titties! I used to dream of being able to do this to men. Before, you know, I got these big beauties! Now I can do a really good job of a tit-fuck! And if we do it right, I'll cum too! They are SO sensitive, you know!"

She pulled me to her and tucked me between her breasts. Smirking up at me she enfolded my cock within her firm mams. It felt even better when she drooled some saliva into the cleavage and began to rock herself back and forth, stroking my hard-on.

I had never had a tit fuck before! But if they all felt like this, I was going to be sure to get more of them! Watching her attend to my hard-on, the look of passion and pleasure on her face was exciting. She was enjoying this as much as I was. Maybe more, I thought, as I watched her expression. 

She varied the pace and the pressure as she worked to pull another load from my balls. In a remarkably short time I could feel that I was on the verge of another explosion. Apparently she could sense it as well! 

She licked her lips as she gazed up at me while keeping up the manipulation of her breasts. I saw that she was pinching her nipples now as she worked. She kept her eyes on mine. She was making little sounds as she worked. 

"Oh, so good! I love tittie fucking," she announced! "I'm going to cum now, blow your load onto me while I cum! Pump out another load! I want to feel you spurt all over me again!"

As if I had a choice! I had been fighting to hold back for the past few moments and so it was with a groan of relief that I spurted! One. Two. Three. Four times cum jetted from the tip of my dick to fly up and land on her neck, chest and face! I'd never cum so hard so quickly in my life. My dick rested, spent, between her breasts while I tried to get my breath back.

"You did so well, Ralph!" So she did know my name. I hadn't been sure. Not that it mattered. "Are you going to be able to go again? I'm still horny, you know. Can you stay and fuck my hot little pussy? Can you fuck Prissy's Pussy? Pretty please?" 

As she was pleading with me she was stroking my absolutely limp dick. There was no life left in it. I couldn't cum again if my life depended on it!

"Sorry, I got nothing left!" I admitted. Moving slowly I backed away from Prissy as she kept eating up the jizm that I had just spurted out onto her.

I pulled up my pants and fastened myself up. She was still half naked, sitting in her chair. As I watched she pushed her hands under her skirt and began to finger herself.

"I understand," she said. "It's hard for guys to keep up with me. I need a lot of fucking to put out my fire once I get started. But let's get together again, soon! I really like the taste of you!"

"Sure thing," I responded. I'd love to get together with Prissy again! But now I needed to get home and take a nap! I was knackered!