 Bindi peeled off her wetsuit in the change room of the scuba shop and hopped into a toasty warm shower. The wood-panelled walls of the tiny change room became steamy very quickly. Had Jason noticed her checking him out during the dive expedition? Bindi's tummy turned flips. Jason was a honey. Early twenties, bright blue eyes, a solid tan, curly brown hair, compact tight pecs, and biceps that blew her away. But he wasn't just a hot male body; he was actually a nice guy as well. Jason was the one who would help you replace a faulty seal on your equipment at the last moment, while the other guys hung around on the dive boat grumbling about chicks that run late. Then he'd haul your dive tank down to the boat for you cheerfully and give the other guys a backhander, "Gee, thanks for your help, you drop-kicks!"

She felt like a bit of an idiot. She had to scold herself to keep herself in check. You hardly know him, woman. For all you know, you might have nothing to say to each other. He might be a total dimwit. However, no amount of inner scolding could ruin the physical desire that flooded through her when he was around. It was 6 months since she and Shane had split up and even counting a couple of encore performances from Shane that meant 4 months with no sex. Nobody wants to rush out and make a big mistake out of desperation, but the hunger for sex gnawed away at her. Lying in bed at night, it oozed out of her skin; it felt real bad not to use it up. There's only so much you can do on your own, Bindi thought plaintively. At thirty, though, she could at least tell herself that a crush is not necessarily something you have to act on. You can acknowledge it, bear it, try and have some fun with it while you decide where it ought to go.

Bindi's skin felt unusually soft after being encased in the wet dive suit for a couple of hours. She re-warmed her tingling skin by rubbing herself all over with bath gel. She couldn't help slipping one hand between her thighs to stroke her pussy which after being in Jason's proximity felt like it was clamouring for attention. Her pussy lips felt swollen and exquisitely sensitive as she stroked the pads of her fingers up and down there. She began circling her aching clit but out of guilt she held back from going too hard on it. After all, what kind of person gets herself off with others waiting right outside the bathroom door? Lubricated with gel, her other hand sneaked of its own accord down her ass-crack to fondle her ring, while her front fingers found their way inside her warm tunnel. She gasped as she was momentarily blown away by thoughts of Jason pumping her, filling her up, front, back and every which-way. She moaned softly. The hot water played down over her breasts and her brown nipples became erect. She turned her face up to the stream of water and opened her lips to catch some as though it were a tongue entering her mouth. I'm in here having a ménage-a-un, thought Bindi, and he's out there making Instant Cuppa Soup. Heck, he probably doesn't even know I exist. He carries my stuff, but hey, he's probably just being kind. He's way out of my league. Those thoughts brought her quickly down to earth again and with a sigh she turned off the water.

"Here's yours," Jase said, and he handed Bindi a hot cup of soup.

"Thanks," Bindi said, giving him her most grateful smile. His fingers touched hers briefly as he handed her the cup. God, even his fingers were perfect, so lean and tan, with clean, half-moon fingernails. Bindi felt herself becoming aroused again and she blushed slightly and was glad that he didn't seem to notice. Looking at a man's fingers was always a killer for her as it led immediately to thoughts of the delicious things they could do to her pussy. Fortunately the other guys in the scuba shop made such a racket with their jibes at each other that it was easy to melt into the background.

"When you're in the shower Jase, don't worry if you can't find your cock. That cold water will have shrunk a mini like yours into something microscopic," shouted Derek.

"Yeah, well at least Jason doesn't have to pay for it, unlike some I could mention," said Anthony, "On our last trip to Thailand, when Derek's door opened in the morning the Thai girls scuttled everywhere like a pack of cockroaches."

This comment was met by a roar of laughter from the gang.

Bindi smiled to herself. The guys were so crass, but there was something about the testosterone, the boyish hi-jinks, that kept her coming back for more. And directly underneath the jibes, there was loyalty. Every one of these guys had been in a near-drowning situation at some point, and been saved by a mate from this gang. That's diving for you, she thought. You live on the edge, and you can die on it too.

Bindi washed down her equipment and packed it into her 4X4 Utility. 

"You diving next weekend?" said a familiar voice with a Scots accent. It was Rob. She turned to see two deep brown eyes gazing calmly at her. Rob was wiry and fit, with a dry Scots humour. He was a very experienced diver and had taught Bindi everything she knew. 

"Yeh, I think I'll be diving," she said.

"We're diving the Kittyhawk."

"Oh," Bindi was disappointed, because the Kittyhawk was a shipwreck that was too deep for her dive equipment to reach. 

"You can be the boat-bitch!" Rob jibed her gently. The 'boat-bitch' was the term they used for the person who stayed on board the dive boat while others dived. Actually, it was important to have someone on the boat ready to administer oxygen in case a diver got the bends. On the less glamorous side, the boat-bitch also had to make soup and clean up vomit.

"Ha. I have a better idea, why don't you lend me your equipment," said Bindi.

"As if that will ever happen," said Rob and gave her a slap on the ass.

"Oh, you're worried I would infect your stuff with girl germs."

"I don't mind a few girl germs," said Rob.

"Yeah, I bet you're desperate for a few girl germs." 

"Ah, get away with ye." Rob turned away. Suddenly Bindi wondered how Rob was faring since his wife had left a year ago. It was never spoken about by the gang, not even for a laugh. Rob was not the sort to talk about personal stuff.

"Only teasing!" said Bindi, hoping she had not hit a raw nerve.

The week dragged by. Bindi had a couple of emails from Jason, just 'hi, how are you" sort of stuff. She rang him and they had a chat, also quite superficial. 

"How's Crystal these days?" Bindi ventured. Crystal had been Jason's girlfriend until about 3 months ago. Nobody could stand Crystal. She was a high-maintenance chick, if there ever was one. She whined and complained and gave Jason a hard time. But Jason had stuck with her for way too long, much to everyone's annoyance. 

"Who?" 

"Crystal." 

"Oh, Crystal. Dunno! Never see her." Jason pretended to barely remember her, "Onwards and upwards. Now, how are you doing?"

"Oh, not bad," Bindi was caught off guard by the sudden attention, "a little lonely, so I watch too much crap TV."

"Like what?"

"Uh, you know, World's Biggest Loser and that kind of crap."

"Oh, I watch CSI. The forensic shows."

And so it went. He wanted to chat, but he ignored that she was lonely, and the conversation never went any deeper. It was like picking leaves off a clover: he likes me, he likes me not. Bindi wondered what on earth was going on. In bed at night, her hands played feverishly over her erogenous zones, while she mentally rolled Jason's speedos down to reveal a delicious silken cock. A lightly-furred sac of balls nestled there, dying to be fondled and licked. A heady aroma of testosterone wafted up her nose as she tongued his erect cock. She blew him without any mercy, using all her cock-sucking expertise to drive him into a quiet frenzy of excitement. I'll show you what an older woman can do, Jasey-boy! Her fingers explored his buttocks, gently fingering his ass, leaving no part of Jason off limits. Her dripping pussy gushed pleasure as she took Jason's throbbing cock deep into her throat over and over until finally she felt the hot spurts start to come... 

Next weekend at diving, Jason turned up with Angie. 

"Jason and Angie!" hissed Anthony, rushing in from the parking lot, and it flew round the shop like wildfire. For this reason, Bindi heard about it before she saw it, which gave her some time to compose herself. What the hell was going on here? Bindi flared her nostrils in a rage. A low growl formed in her throat but she did not let it come out.

Angie had been in the same class as Bindi when they first were learning to dive, but since then Bindi had steamed ahead. Angie was Hong Kong Chinese. She was willowy and delicate, and she could barely swim. When she first learned to dive she insisted on holding the instructor's hand at all times while underwater. Bindi found this pathetic and nauseating. Why bother learning to dive if you're going to be such a wimp about it? Two years later, nothing had changed. Angie was still a princess who never carried her own gear, expected other people to set up her gear for the dive, and insisted on holding some guy's hand while underwater.

"Me love you long time, love you good, Mister!" muttered Derek, which was in very bad taste. Bindi smiled despite being totally against racist humour. Angie, that stupid little princess, was draping herself over Jason. Arghhhh!!! Bindi wanted to scream. 

It isn't fair! I am much a more worthwhile choice than a princess who is almost certainly useless in bed! Jason, you are a fool!

"Ready to be our boat-bitch?" said Rob.

"Yeah, OK." said Bindi, between gritted teeth.

"Anything wrong?"

"No, not really," she lied. She was far too proud to admit she was angry, although Rob must surely not have been blind to her mooning over Jason.

"OK," Rob shrugged and walked away.

As the boat chugged out of the harbour, the sun was sparkling on the deep blue water and Bindi took some deeps breaths and let them all the way out. On a beautiful day like this, there was no point in staying mad. Jason and Angie were sitting together like two turtledoves in wetsuits down the other end of the boat, and good luck to them.

Before long they had reached the bearings of the Kittyhawk, dropped anchor, and the divers disappeared from view one by one down the anchor-line. Rob was the last to descend. 

About half an hour later, Bindi was alerted by signs of trouble. There were bubbles coming to the surface around the anchor-line. The buoy attached to the anchor line was bobbing. This meant someone was making an ascent. But the bubbles were coming up thick and fast; too fast. Someone was coming up too quickly. Suddenly Angie bobbed into view. Her eyes behind her dive mask were huge, black and panicked. She ripped the breathing regulator out of her mouth as she gasped for air on the choppy surface. This was a big mistake; people can drown on the surface just by inhaling waves in a panic. "Put your reg back in your mouth!" shouted Bindi. She made sure her life vest was fastened and she leapt off the boat into the water. She reached Angie and held the back of the girl's head firmly while she shoved the regulator back into her mouth. Suddenly Rob appeared at the surface beside them. "Get back down to five metres or you'll be bent!" he shouted. He pulled Angie back down under the water with him. Bindi climbed back up onto the boat. She could just make out the pair of them hovering five metres below the surface. Their bubbles became calmer and evenly paced. Finally, they re-surfaced.

Bindi helped them up onto the boat. 

"I'm so sorry, Rob. I just lost control of my buoyancy and before I knew it, I shot to the surface," Angie was saying.

Rob did not answer. He was holding his shoulder and looking concerned. Bindi moved quickly to get the oxygen. It looked as though Rob had a bend in his shoulder joint, but she did not wait to ask. Rob doubled over and vomited on the deck of the boat. Better get a bucket as well, thought Bindi wryly.

She sat beside him and helped him with the oxygen mask. He was shivering and holding his shoulder and continuing to vomit.

"There, there, salty sea-man. You're a tough nut; you'll be all right," she said, rubbing his back. She was unnerved to see Rob in this state. She felt like a fool, talking in baby words to this man she so respected, but what else was there to do?

"Angie, make him a hot drink, will you?" she ordered.

"Maybe some mouth to mouth would help," Rob croaked. 

"Not while you're vomiting, matey! Boat-bitch duty doesn't extend to that," replied Bindi. It was a relief to hear his cheeky sense of humour. Her eyes met his and she held back her tears. There was no way to be sure Rob did not have a bend somewhere more central as well as the shoulder bend. The only thing to do was administer oxygen and get him to the hospital for hyperbaric treatment. 

Bindi waited by Rob's hospital bed where she had spent the night. He was still asleep. A nurse came and delivered his breakfast. The smell of hot toast made Bindi suddenly aware that she was ravenous. She peeked under the stainless steel cover and stole a piece. Rob showed no sign of waking, so she slathered it with butter and marmalade and ate it. Nothing had ever tasted so good. She reached over and stroked the curly brown hair back from Rob's forehead. Suddenly she felt like crying, but she wasn't sure why. What's wrong with you, silly girl? Rob is not dead, he's fine. Memories of times they had spent together flashed through her mind. His gentle hands showing her how to put on her dive gear. Rob's wiry shoulders rippling as he heaved her dive tanks into her car. His clear, calm explanations of things that other people seemed to find so complicated. And his flirty little comments which had gone right over her head while she was so ridiculously hung up on that young boy Jason. She felt like her feelings for Jason had been suddenly replaced by something much bigger and more important; something that had been there all along.

"Oh, Rob," she sobbed. Bindi laid her arm across Rob and buried her face in his chest.

"Hey lassie, I'm not dead yet," Rob's voice came out gruff, but his hand was soft on the back of her hair. She pulled back to look at him, hot tears rolling down her cheeks.

"I'm so glad you're all right. I was so scared."

"You did all the right things. I think I owe you a favour," said Rob, his brown eyes uncharacteristically serious.

"No you don't," said Bindi.

"All right then, I don't," he chuckled, "Now listen: what you were doing before. Can you do some more of that?"

"What, the crying?"

"No, lass, the other," Rob pulled her to him, "This is where I've always wanted you. Pity I had to get bent to get you here, but where you're concerned, I'll do whatever it takes."

Rob recovered well and Bindi drove him home to his flat. Without a word, he took her hand and led her to his bedroom. Rob laid her down on his bed and gently removed her jeans and her t-shirt. He admired her body, looking up and down from her breasts to her belly, from her face to her crotch, as if he couldn't decide what to appreciate first. He placed his warm palm over her mons, above her knickers, and the heat of his palm was incredibly arousing. 

Bindi rubbed herself against his palm, her erect clitoris nuzzling through her knickers into his hand. I hope he doesn't think I'm bad, she thought, but his adoring eyes reassured her and made her feel like anything she wanted to do was totally fine. She ached for him to pull off her knickers and go down on her. But she was delighted when he stripped off his t-shirt, jeans and jocks and simply lay along her, his lips pressed to hers, his hands bracing himself lightly against the bed so as to keep some weight off her. She rolled her knickers off and kicked them away. The warm hardness of his cock pressing into her, just beside her clit, thrilled her to the bones. He lifted himself slightly and let the head of his cock slip travel down her labia and rest tantalisingly in the entrance to her tunnel. It felt so familiar to her as if they had been doing this all their lives. They kissed lightly, affectionately, like the old friends they were. Then their mouths opened and they kissed deeply. 

"Can you go down on me?" Bindi whispered, and Rob's eyes lit up like there was nothing else he'd rather do in the world.

He began licking her, teasing out the folds of her pussy, which were by now puffy and wet. He put his nose right down in her tunnel and nuzzled there, 

"What a sweet aroma you have; you are so sweet down here!" he exclaimed, and Bindi felt herself melting with love for his Scottish brogue. Rob licked her gradually upwards. As his tongue swirled around her sensitive labia he seemed to be moving upwards and downwards in a kind of figure eight; whatever it was, she hadn't ever felt it before. It was so good, Bindi felt like she could scream and come at any moment, but she really didn't want to. Not yet. 

Rob took a break and lay his head on her thigh. He caught her eye and smiled. Then his gaze returned to her pussy, which he obviously adored, and he stroked her lightly with his fingers. His fingers slid inside her folds and he continued in a very unhurried way to play and to look. She struggled to understand where his self-control came from. People say men have less control than women when it comes to sex, but Bindi at this moment was very close to losing control. Then he slid his fingers into her tunnel and gently pushed them up inside her. She was so very ready. It felt to her like she was swallowing his fingers. Rob reached his fingers up inside her and began to stroke her there. Oh my God! Bindi felt like crying, it was so good. Then he positioned his mouth on her labia and lapped her with his tongue while stroking her on the inside. Now she knew she was a goner. Rob moved his mouth upwards and sucked her whole clitoris into his mouth. He sucked on her like a greedy baby sucks for milk. Her orgasm reared up and broke over her, wave after wave, she screamed and thrashed and she forgot that Rob was between her legs; she forgot who she even was. Luckily she felt the tickle of his hair on her inner thighs and she put her legs down and tried to stop thrashing, even though her moans of ecstasy continued for quite some minutes. She held Rob's hand and brought him up face to face with her. His erect cock slid into her and she adjusted her position so his cock came even deeper, as deep as it could inside her. They were mouth to mouth now. Waves of her orgasm were still flooding through her as Rob began to take his pleasure.

'Come here to me, my lassie," said Rob.

'I will certainly come here to you," said Bindi. It was her fervent hope that she would have the pleasure of his Scots voice in her ear for a long time to come.