 Sarah was having mega trouble with her college biology course and the finals were next week. As a rule, she was an A student, so this feeling of being out of control wasn't going over well with her at all. As a matter of fact, panic was setting in. Why hadn't she dropped it? The signs couldn't have been clearer the first week of class when her stomach heaved at the sight of that dissected pig staring up at her. 

Running her hand through her hair she re-read the passage one more time. ...as a ribosome moves along a molecule of messenger RNA it translates the trinucleotide codons into amino acids that are added to the growing polypeptide chain. "Oh. Yeah! That's clear—really clear. Geeez! How could code reading by a ribosome be so complicated? Such a little, bitty thing. And now it has me talking to myself." Sarah snapped the textbook closed feeling frustrated and irritated.

That's when the idea of calling the class brain occurred to her. Andrew was getting top grades and had always been very friendly with Sarah at school. Last week, while she was whining in class, he had offered to help her for the third time, or was it the fourth? Well, desperate times called for desperate measures. She found the piece of paper where he'd jotted down his number and called him.

"Hi. Andrew. It's Sarah. How's your weekend going? Bet you're cramming like a lunatic."

Andrew laughed and told her that he actually wasn't doing much studying. He had read Keeton's Biological Science from cover to cover and felt pretty prepared. Sarah sighed and rolled her eyes. "Figures," she mumbled under her breath.

"Drew, can I take you up on your offer to come over? I need help with this stuff and (she paused) I've ordered a pizza." The food lure was supposed to be the power clincher. What is it they say? The way to a guy's 'anything' is through his stomach. 

"Sure. I can come over," he said casually. "I'll pack up my books and be there in about a half hour." 

"Oh gawd Drew that's great. You're a life saver. And bring your pajamas cuz we're pulling an all-nighter. I'm totally lost!" 

Andrew chuckled at the other end. Sarah loved how he had such a great sense of humour or was it that she loved how he always laughed at her wise cracks. Using a matter-of-fact tone, he made some comment about not wearing much to bed anyway and would be leaving his Sponge Bob pjs at home. Sarah smiled, for lots of reasons, as she hung up the phone. 

What she hadn't told him was that her parents had gone away for the weekend. She really hoped he wouldn't be uncomfortable knowing this as he was kind of shy in class. Gorgeous and shy; what a combo! Besides being an intellectual he was very athletic and had a rugged, great looking face. She had never known him to date anyone from class and figured he spent most of his time studying or playing sports. 

As for Sarah, she had been on plenty of dates but had only been in one semi long-term relationship. It had ended well over a year ago and was not one of her fondest memories. He had deflowered her with only his enjoyment in mind—it had been over before it began. Since then, she had gone out with a few guys but the evenings had ended with nothing more than a kiss. 

Andrew arrived at the same time as the pizza. After paying the bill, he rang the bell with dinner and books in hand. Sarah opened the door to find him standing there wearing a big, silly grin. "Hi, I'm your pizza delivery guy—wanna have hot, wild sex?" 

Shooting him an 'oh brother' look, she confiscated the food and said, "Come on in and make yourself at home pizza boy. I'll get some plates."

It didn't take long before the dining room table was totally cluttered with piles of pizza paraphernalia, biology notes and text books. Andrew clearly was a biology wizard and unraveled the mysteries of the microscopic world as they ate. The first two hours flew by unnoticed. 

Finally, Sarah stood up and stretched. "Wow! I need a break. Let's hit the freezer for some ice cream." 

As Andrew got up from the table his hand accidentally knocked over his drink spilling it all over himself.

"Shit!" he said half laughing. "Look at my clothes." He grabbed a napkin and attempted to wipe his T-shirt and jeans dry but it was no use, he was soaked through and through. His T-shirt looked like a second skin as he tried to peel it off his body. "Sarah, I think I need a shower."

Sarah started to laugh. "It looks like you're a contestant in a wet T-shirt contest." She didn't miss noticing his rock hard stomach and got a tingle wondering what the rest of his body looked like. "You're a mess! Come on upstairs and I'll find you something of my Dad's to wear while you get cleaned up." 

Andrew followed Sarah up the stairs appreciating her heart-shaped ass wiggling right in front of his nose as she led the way to her parent's private bathroom. She tossed Andrew a towel and said she'd find him some dry clothes while he showered. 

Sarah heard the water being turned on and realized Andrew hadn't closed the bathroom door. Looking in his direction she wondered if he had done this intentionally. His flesh-coloured silhouette was barely visible through the shower curtain but there was enough detail to hold her attention. 

Her jaw dropped as he washed his body. She watched him lather up his hands with creamy, white soap then run them over his chest, stomach and thighs. Mmmm, he had a gorgeous body—and what a butt! A lightening bolt struck between her legs as he took his cock into his hands and soaped it up. She froze, totally on stimulation overload, staring at this very edible sight while he rinsed his body. 

The sound of the taps being turned off brought Sarah back to her senses seconds before Andrew pulled the shower curtain open. Short of whistling 'Fly Me To The Moon' and shining her halo, she got very busy looking in her Dad's drawers for some clothes. Sarah could feel her temperature rising and she hoped he didn't see the guilty look on her face. 

After running his fingers through his hair, Andrew wrapped the towel around his waist and walked into the bedroom, looking drippy wet and very delicious. "Found anything?" he asked.

She pulled out a T-shirt and a pair of jogging pants and tossed them over to him. "These should fit you."

Something in the drawer caught her eye and made her do a double take. "What is this?" she said slowly as she pulled out a great big purple vibrator and a magazine called Sex in the Big City. They both burst out laughing. 

Sarah dropped the magazine by mistake and it fell open at a page with huge red lettering across the top. They read it out loud together, "Dildo Techniques That Will Drive Her Wild." 

She looked up at Andrew and said, "Ohmygawd Drew, look at these pictures!" 

Mesmerized, Sarah plopped herself down on the bed and eagerly turned the pages. She felt a warm connection being made between her nipples and clit as she stared at the smooth, naked bodies. They had her full attention—drawing her like a junkyard crane magnet. Feeling a stream of hot breath on her neck, she looked over her shoulder to see Andrew transfixed by the glossy pictures. "Gee, Drew can't say I've ever seen you get this enthusiastic over the Law of Thermodynamics," she said with a wicked grin.

Sarah had never seen anything like this in her life either and stared, gaping in silence. Their eyes were glued to the pictures of beautiful, naked bodies giving graphic demonstrations of every possible position two people could get into without being members of Cirque de Soleil. They were sucking and licking and fucking each other with and without the help of their big dildo. 

Sarah felt her nipples jump out of her tank top. All of a sudden they desperately needed some attention. Noticing that her breathing had become a little heavier than normal, she quickly closed her mouth. The pictures were evidently having the same effect on Andrew as there was something fiercely growing in the vicinity of his crotch. As Sarah's eyes snatched a quick glance at his erection a big realization hit her just below her belly button. He was next to buck naked! Only once before had she been this close to a man wearing so little. 

Looking down at the dry clothes in his hand, she said, "Maybe you should get into those clothes." 

He smirked and said, "Sarah, I think you should get out of your clothes." 

She didn't say a thing. Sarah suddenly became dangerously aware that she wanted him to do all those things to her, just like in the magazine. She wanted to see his body. She wanted to see the desire in his eyes as he looked at her naked body. She wanted to feel him lying over her, staring at her with his cock grazing her dripping pussy. Ohmygawd she wanted him.

When Sarah finally opened her mouth to speak she couldn't believe what blurted out. "Drew, my parents have gone away for the weekend and I've never done, let alone imagined, half of the things in this magazine and they're making me really, really horny and I want you to do them to me. Would you...ummm...try some of them? Could we?" 

Andrew thought this was absolutely the best request he had ever received in his entire life. Would I? Could I? 

"Yes. Ohgaaawd. Yes. I would love to. Sarah, while I was in the shower I was imagining you there with me and, well, you touching me and me kissing you and....mmm....Sarah it was so hot." A big smile came over his face. "And what the hell, we're here to study biology so let's make it real!" 

They both burst out laughing. 

Sarah was the first to own up. "Drew, I, well, (biting her lip), I'm, I mean I've ...ummm...." Her voice trailed off as she finished her sentence. "I need to tell you that I am not very experienced. Well, I mean I've had sex before, sort of, but only once."

Andrew smiled and reassured her, "Sarah, I'm sure we'll be able to figure this out together. And, hey, we've got this magazine as a guide so I think we've got it covered." He put his arms around her waist and looked into her eyes. "Sarah you're so incredibly beautiful—I would love to make love to you. I've been fantasizing about something like this all year. You can't imagine what I've dreamed of us doing together." 

And so the real life biology exam began. 

Andrew leaned forward and placed his mouth on Sarah's full lips. Hers were trembling and unsure—his were warm and soft. He slipped the tip of his tongue between Sarah's lips tracing her upper lip and then the bottom. This sent delicious, tickling shivers across her lips. Her tongue willingly met his. Nothing else was touching but their mouths and tongues; it was a kiss created from pure innocence and raw lust. Andrew pulled away from the kiss to look at Sarah's face and watched her break into a slow, luscious smile—her eyes closed. 

He whispered, "Sarah, I'm going to take off your clothes now." 

Without opening her eyes, she nodded, and let him undress her. 

He slowly pulled off her tank top to discover she was not wearing a bra. Sarah had small, firm, milky-coloured breasts with nipples a slightly darker shade of pink than the surrounding flesh. The first touch was with his tongue. Lightly flicking and sucking, his tongue played with her nipples, encouraging them to become erect. Sarah whimpered—eyes still closed. 

His hand slid up her tummy and traced the outline of each breast. She wanted more than his gentleness and begged softly, "Pinch them. Pinch my nipples hard." Andrew placed a nipple between his thumb and finger and rolled it firmly. "No. Harder—rougher," Sarah moaned. 

Her eyes were now open and she was watching his fingers at work. She arched her back and ran her tongue over her lips. The roundness of his shoulders and well developed arms made her ache to feel his body against hers. Her eyes hungrily stared at his naked chest and rock solid stomach. She imagined the feel of his skin sliding against hers as beads of sweat trickled down their bodies. 

Andrew eased Sarah down onto the bed so she lay on her back. Placing her hands above her head, he asked where he would find some body oil. She said there was a bottle in her medicine cabinet and Andrew quickly returned with the oil in hand. 

Sarah gasped as he drizzled the cold liquid directly onto her breasts—it took her breath away. His fingertips gently massaged the oil into her swollen breasts, intentionally avoiding her nipples. She gasped again, as his delicate touch changed. Her nipples were once again between his thumb and finger but the pressure and twisting motion he was using was painfully sweet. She heaved her torso upward moaning softly.

"Yes, this is what I want it to feel like. Just like that. Ohgawd it feels so good Drew." 

He bent down and took a nipple between his teeth. Andrew could taste the sweetness of the fruity massage oil and slid his tongue onto the fullness of her breasts, languidly lapping it up. His mouth returned to her hard, erect nipples. Starting at the base of the nipple and working his way to the tip, he took them between his teeth, grinding firmly side-to-side. This time he was not gentle. Sarah's hands went to his hair and pulled at it aggressively. Her moaning was mixed with unfinished sentences. "Andrew ...ahh ...making me so...oh, wet...never felt like this.... Ohmygawd suck them...yes harder...owww too hard!...oh yes...that's it...like that." 

Andrew continued his well-received torturous technique to each breast and finally came up for air. Breaking the silence he said, "Let's look at the magazine some more." 

Sarah groaned and got a pouting look on her face, but agreed. Andrew propped a few pillows up against the headboard and sat down spreading his legs. "Come sit between my legs Sarah." The towel still hung from his waist but barely covered his erection as he opened his legs for her. 

With the magazine sitting on Sarah's lap, Andrew wrapped his arms around her waist and leaned over her shoulder as she turned the pages. She was surprised at how aroused she got looking at the voluptuous bodies and was aware of the increasing wetness between her legs. She turned the page and let out a sigh at a picture of two women exploring each other's nipples while they kissed.

Andrew's cock was hard against her back. It started to twitch when they came to a page with the same two women enthusiastically sucking a cock. "Hmm, I can just imagine how he's feeling with those lips and tongues all over his throbbing cock." Andrew closed his eyes for a minute. 

Sarah pushed the magazine off her lap and turned around so she was kneeling in front of him. Her hands slid up his thighs and worked their way under the towel. Both of her hands wrapped around his cock causing the towel to fall onto the bed, exposing him completely. Andrew's cock was just as thick and long as the one in the magazine—but this one was real and at Sarah's mercy. She gently ran her fingers up the veined shaft feeling how soft the skin was. The tip glistened with precum. She didn't touch it thinking no, not yet. 

Andrew almost hit the ceiling when Sarah leaned forward and, with her soft lips, kissed his balls. She then began to suck them, pulling and tugging at them, rolling them around in her mouth. Feeling his balls getting tight and hard, her tongue wiggled its way up between them to the bottom of his shaft. 

Andrew's hands went to Sarah's head and ran his fingers through her hair. Looking at him, she slid her tongue up the full length of his cock, stopping before she reached the head. She continued this over and over, flicking and licking up and down the crease until he broke into a slow and steady moan. Now the precum was dripping like pure maple syrup. 

She wrapped one hand around his cock and stroked it up and down. Andrew's body jerked as her tongue found that deliciously sensitive spot just below the head at the crease. She delicately swirled her tongue around in circles as his cock twitched at her touch. Sliding her tongue up the head, she placed her mouth firmly around the tip. Andrew was about to explode. She could feel it in the tension of his body—in his moans. 

"Oh Sarah, suck me. The feeling of my cock inside your mouth is...." 

Sarah eased his cock into her mouth, slowly sliding it all the way in. Her lips were wet and tight as it touched the back of her throat. "Oh gawwwd, Sarah," he cried out. This made him dig his fingers into her hair as his throbbing cock released its hot, gooey cum. Sarah slowed down the pace, loving the feeling of his cock, still so firm, in her mouth. 

Andrew reached down placing her face in his hands and tenderly pulled her to him. "Sarah that was the most incredible feeling I've ever experienced in my entire life." He closed his eyes and kissed her face, her nose, her eyes, her lips. Mmmm she loved his kisses. 

The magazine was sitting on the bed opened at a page with a man devouring a glistening pussy. Sarah caught Andrew staring at the page and her eyes went wide. 

"Sarah I want to taste you—run my tongue up, under and between everything down there."

Sarah had already started to unbutton her jeans. Her answer spewed out in breathy spurts. "I think that would be wonderful Drew. Do everything you see in the magazine. We don't want to miss trying anything!" She had her jeans off and tossed onto the floor in seconds flat. Before throwing herself onto the bed, Sarah did, however, take a second to ponder if she should remove her baby pink, lacy panties. The jury came out voting to leave them on; they were far too sexy. This just added to the sensuality as Andrew ran his finger under the outer edge of her panties, tracing their outline. He could see the stain of her juices on them and the scent made his cock start to grow again. 

Andrew knelt between Sarah's spread legs and massaged her clit on the outside of her panties with his palm. While he circled, round and round, Sarah's hands went over her head groping for something to hang onto. This was the first time she had been touched with a sense of gentleness and giving. 

Andrew removed her panties to find her wet and crimson red. He kissed the inside of her thigh placing one leg over his shoulder and the other under. Sliding a finger deep inside her pussy he watched her face for a reaction. She let out a soft, high-pitch cry. He almost came again listening to her surrendering whimpers. 

She looked so beautiful lying there reacting to every delicate touch for the first time. Andrew slowly fucked her with his fingers while his tongue circled and licked her clit. Sarah's body twisted side to side on the bed as her hips rose up to meet his mouth and fingers. Then her body became tense. Pushing into his fingers, she spread her legs wide as her orgasm took over her body. She went with it, riding the wave, giving into its overpowering grip. Andrew's tongue continued its gentle teasing until her hips collapsed back down onto the bed. 

Sarah's hands moved down and pulled him to her. She needed to feel his body touching hers, surrounding her; a transfer of heat. He slid over her body and kissed his way up to her hungry lips. His tongue dove into her mouth as he pressed his body into hers; nothing penetrating except their tongues deep into each other's mouths. Feeling his hard cock between her thighs, she whispered, "Yes, Andrew. Please." 

That was all he needed to hear. This time he placed both her legs over his shoulders and let the tip of his cock plunge into her juices. He played, letting it slide up to her clit and back down to her aching pussy—slowly, over and over again. 

"Oh Andrew, please fuck me. I need it inside me now!" Sarah's hips were undulating in every direction trying to pull his cock inside her. She saw his hips push down and into her; she let out a cry. It slid in so deep she felt a shock wave shoot through her body—right up to her nipples. He rocked slowly, each time thrusting his cock deeper, eventually filling her completely. 
