 Lia

Biology had never been my best subject. I had been passable at it in high school, it certainly interested me more than physics or earth science, but it wasn't the easy A that most of my classes had been. Of course I had put off the science requirement — so minimal in my liberal arts college and yet I dreaded it enough to leave it to my junior year. Even worse, I had waited to register for one, hoping I could fulfill a minor class and leave science off another semester. I suppose it served me right that Biology 201 was the only open science class which fit my schedule.

By midterms I was scraping by with a C, and though my friends jokingly reminded me that "C's get degrees!" the blow to my ego was too much to bear. It was my roommate who first suggested I look for a tutor. She had been working as a receptionist for the Academic Resources office for the better part of a year and a half and swore by the advisors.

"They'll handpick someone for you, probably a graduate student," she had informed me. "They do it all the time! Trust me, no one is going to think you're dumb because you need a little help."

I knew she was right. It pained me to admit it but my desire to raise my GPA outweighed my embarrassment at sharing my abysmal midterm grade with a peer. So that was how I ended up sitting in the library at 3:03 in the afternoon, tapping my eraser against my leg as I waited impatiently for my biology tutor.

In the past few minutes I had grown dimly aware of the tall guy standing by the door. In fact, I had glanced at him more than a couple of times. He was cute. Maybe an inch or two shy of six feet, broad-shouldered and in shape, but not musclebound. He was clean shaven, with a nice jaw and high cheekbones under tousled dark hair which he ran a hand through habitually. Annoyingly, he seemed to be looking anywhere but at me — maybe he was meeting someone? It occurred to me that he could be the tutor I was so anxiously awaiting and even if he wasn't, the mishap might be an excuse to start a conversation.

Finally I caught his eye and raised my hand in greeting. He gave a weak smile in return, adjusted his square tortoiseshell glasses, and made his way over to my table. He looked nervous.

"Hi," I began, in my most charm-the-panties-off-your-mother voice, "would you happen to be my biology tutor?"

"That depends," the guy glanced down at a scrap of paper in his left hand, "are y-you Amelia?"

"I am, but you can call me Lia," I gave a genuine smile, trying to ease his nerves.

"A-alexander."

Alexander smiled back and offered his hand. I shook it slowly, savoring the feeling of his big, warm hand enveloping my own.

"So, what have you been, uh, working on in class?" He asked as he sat across the table from me.

"Okay," I cracked open my textbook and flipped to a chapter a little more than halfway through, "we just finished the skeletal system, and I actually feel pretty good about that, and now we're starting, uh," I scanned the page, "the muscular system and nervous system."

"L-let's start with the muscular system, then. Basically, the b-brain communicates with the muscles through the spinal nerves. There are 31 sets of spinal nerves..."

My mind wandered as he explained the function of spinal nerves. I liked that Alexander went by his full name. 'Alex' had never been appealing to me, but Alexander was a name I could luxuriate in speaking. It suited his fine features and Mediterranean coloring, and I found myself wondering between his light brown skin and softly curling hair if he might be Middle Eastern. I tried hard to concentrate, but he glanced over at me through his glasses and suddenly it was difficult to think of anything but those mahogany-colored eyes. Had brown eyes always been so dynamic?

I snapped out of the daydream when he asked "Got it?"

Flushing, I admitted I hadn't got it and he patiently backtracked. "What do you know about neural impulses?"

It took half the lesson before I noticed that Alexander's initial stutter seemed to melt away completely when he was teaching. Truth be told, I had found the stammering sort of endearing, but when his gentle voice was emboldened with some confidence it made me squirm a little in my seat. When I tuned back in, Alexander was halfway through an explanation.

"So at the chemical level, Na+ rushes in - that's sodium - and K+ rushes out. Remember, the axon was negatively charged in comparison to it's surroundings before so an influx of positive ions changes the charge as well as the concentrations of sodium and potassium. When that change travels from one end to the other, it's called an impulse. Does that make sense?"

"Yeah, actually, it does," I said gratefully, and meant it. His eyes met mine.

"Good."

Alexander

Judging by the number of times I had to remind myself to breathe, interacting with Lia might as well have been running a marathon. She was all green eyes, and full lips, and rich brown hair, and God, how did anyone get anything done with her in the room? My first mistake, if you didn't count stammering over pleasantries, had been to offer a handshake. From the moment her fingers touched mine, one thought refused to be shaken out of my head: if her hands were that soft, what did the rest of her feel like?

I couldn't tell if I was sad or relieved when that first hour was up and Lia announced that she had better go. Being around her was sort of intoxicating, there was something about her laugh that made my head spin in the most pleasant way. At the same time, I was happy she was gone before I could make a fool out of myself. I was used to stuttering a little, at least I hadn't spilled something, or sweat through my shirt, or gotten a poorly timed erection. The last hour had been spent calculating every possible way I could fuck up. 

The next week dragged by at a snail's pace, and the week after that. Each time we met, it was a little easier to talk to Lia. Each time it felt like her shirt was a little tighter than it had been the week before, and her skirt a little shorter. I reminded myself that the change in wardrobe was due to the warmer weather but that didn't make it any less distracting.

She had started sitting next to me instead of across the table, and it seemed to be helping her understand the diagrams. For me, it was torture. A flick of her hair wafted lavender and vanilla shampoo scent in dizzying waves. Every accidental bump of the knee sent lightning bolts up my thigh. God forbid she had to reach across me and turn the page of the textbook or her full breasts would push together against my arm, affording me a glance at the lacy undergarments she apparently owned in a myriad of colors.

Admittedly, I overcorrected. I thought maybe if I tried to keep personal chat to a minimum it might be easier to see Lia as a student instead of a peer. It didn't work. She was a gifted conversationalist, the kind of person who could make you feel interesting even if you were nerding out about plants, which, unfortunately, I did often.

At the end of each lesson I would wish her a good weekend, claim I had some work to do, and concentrate on some horticultural journal until my cock went down. I didn't know what else to do. One wrong move and I would just be the pervy creep that had her requesting a new tutor. So I just sat and stuttered and tried not to ogle her and felt a little gross every time I rubbed myself off thinking about her.

Lia

My tutoring sessions had become increasingly frustrating. Most of the time Alexander was stiff and ultra-professional, seemingly impervious to my flirting. On the occasions when I managed to crack his business-like facade, I had learned a little about his life. He was single and only a couple years older than me, studying for a Masters in horticulture, and loved plants. I had even gotten him to talk about his family once; three older brothers who beat him up constantly when he was younger and skinnier, an Indian mother and Greek father who had taught him to cook, and scores of eccentric aunts, uncles, and cousins on both sides. These conversations were my favorite part of our sessions. These seemed to be the only times I could coax a genuine smile or laugh from him — lately these had been the only times he would fully look at me, though often he would blush and turn away.

I didn't like being on the receiving end of this hot-and-cold game. Sometimes it seemed like Alexander might be attracted to me, even put at ease. At other times I felt like I was back in fifth grade harboring a futile puppy-love crush on the homeroom teacher. He couldn't help it that his eyes sometimes sparkled, or that his soft voice was hypnotizing, or that his habit of looking down when he was trying unsuccessfully not to smile was so adorable. Nonetheless, I fantasized about catching him outside of the library, maybe at a bar, and fucking out our sexual frustrations in a dimly lit bathroom or back alley. It wasn't out of the realm of possibility.

I made my move at the end of our last session. At least if he rejected me there would be no awkward tutoring to go through afterwards.

"So my final is tomorrow morning..." I began, while loading my books into my shoulder bag.

"Promise me you won't forget everything," Alexander half-jokingly asked without looking up from grading my last practice quiz.

"No can do," I played along, "It's in one ear, out the other. Hold on, what subject are we studying again?" The corners of his mouth twitched into a reluctant smile. "Actually I'm going to celebrate the end of term with a couple of friends on Saturday. At Smoky's. You should come."

Alexander raised his head finally and looked at me with disbelieving eyes for a what felt like a long time.

"Yes. Yes, definitely. When?"

"9:00?"

"Sounds good."

Warmth bloomed in my stomach and spread to every inch of my body.

Alexander

Smoky's. 9:00. I checked my watch in the parking lot outside of the dive bar. Give it a few minutes, I thought. Mere moments later the door opened and Lia walked out. I caught my breath when I saw the white cotton sundress clinging to her toned body and flaring just a little on her upper thigh. 

She looked pissed off, an expression I had never seen on her before. The object of her anger became clear when a slicked back guy in a polo followed her.

"Can you leave me alone please."

"C'mon baby, don't be sso uptight," he slurred slightly, "I know something that'll put a smile on that pretty face." The guy placed one hand on his crotch and reached for her arm with another. I had already reached them by the time I realized I was moving.

Catching his arm before he could clutch her wrist, I stepped between the two.

"I th-think you should go inside."

Polo-shirt guy stared a me for a second and then burst into laughter.

"Oh, is that what you th-th-think? Why don't you mind your own business you fucking broken record, go back to where you came from."

Suddenly his fist was connecting with my left cheekbone. I stumbled backwards, dazed for a moment, before adrenaline hit. I stepped forward and landed a right hook followed by a powerful uppercut which knocked him off balance. Polo guy fell back onto the pavement but quickly scrambled to his feet.

"Fine," he spat, "you can have her you fucking freak."

"Go drink some water," I called after him as he entered the bar.

I turned to Lia, who was standing stock still with her hands over her mouth. She lowered her arms and smiled at me with a look of mild shock still on her face.

"Hi."

Lia

"Hi," he replied, shaking his left hand in pain.

"Thank you. I could have handled that, you know."

He grinned, "Yeah, I know. But I've never been in a fight before so that's something to check off the bucket list."

I laughed, which made Alexander laugh and the tension dissipated a little. I let myself stare at him for a minute. I had never seen him without a button up on but the fitted Henley was a good look on him. His chest heaved slightly as he massaged his knuckles.

"Got you right on the zygomatic bone, huh."

Alexander laughed again, "I knew you remembered some bio."

"You should get some ice on your eye. Come on, my apartment is a block away."

We walked in comfortable silence for the most part. When we reached my building I congratulated myself on wearing cute panties - white lace. I knew swinging my hips just right would make my skirt ride up enough for him to see them as I led him up the steep staircase.

I didn't have to give him much of a tour when we arrived. The whole place was practically visible from the door.

"Sit," I instructed with a gesture to the couch. Alexander complied, removing his glasses from his bruising temple and checking them for damage. "If you need to use the bathroom, it's through my bedroom there."

"No, I'm good." The glasses were placed carefully on a side table.

I joined him on the couch with a small bag of frozen peas and gingerly put it to his cheek. He murmured a gentle "thank you." It was a strangely intimate position, leaning across him so my right arm could reach his left eye. It put us nearly face to face. We made eye contact. The ping! was startling.

Alexander

I was shocked I could hear phone go off over the thumping of my own heart. Lia smiled apologetically and I took hold of the frozen peas while she looked down at it. Her eyes widened.

"What?"

"Bio final." She managed "I got a 98."

"What! Lia that's—" but I couldn't finish. Lia had flung her arms around me in delight and suddenly I could feel every inch of her body against mine. Her magnificent breasts squashed on my chest, her slim waist fitting perfectly into the crook of my arm, her round, full ass leaning against my thigh.

She kissed my cheek and leaned back to look up at me with those big green eyes. Now is your chance, a little voice in my head said, now! now! now! I tilted my head and caught her lips with mine. You're doing it, the voice in my head cheered, you are actually kissing your dream girl. And she's kissing you back. Hard.

The bag of frozen peas slipped from my hand and crashed onto the floor behind the couch. Lia slipped one leg over my lap, straddling me, and I grasped her waist tight. Her soft lips felt brilliant, slightly parted to invite my tongue in. She tangled her fingers into my hair, sending shivers down my spine. I bit her bottom lip gently and she let out a sound halfway between and oh! and a moan which might have been cute if it wasn't so goddamn sexy.

When we finally broke apart she planted kisses up my jaw. Just as she reached a sensitive spot by my ear, Lia began to buck. Slowly at first, then building up speed as my cock hardened rapidly beneath her. With a swivel of her hips, my erection was wedged between her legs. 

"Oh, fuck."

I sat up straighter to nip at her collarbone. Inching my fingers to the nape of her neck I was surprised to find not a zipper or buttons, but snaps which came apart easily with a little tug. I popped them open one by one, still savoring the feeling of her body in my lap. She had slowed again and I could feel her hot arousal grinding deliberately along the length of my hard-on. Lia kissed me passionately as the white dress fell down around her waist, then broke away.

When she stood, the dress fell to the floor leaving her clothed only in those tantalizing white panties and a matching bra through which her perfectly formed breasts were already visible. I must have looked pretty stupid sitting there, immobilized and slack jawed like a 15 year old seeing his first set of boobs. She bent at the waist to level those pretty lips with my ear and whispered,

"Shirt. Off."

I obeyed. She probably could have told me to hack my own arm off in that moment and I still would have obeyed. Still bent over, she perched one knee on triangle of couch between my legs and pressed her lips to mine, then gracefully slipped down to a kneeling position.

Lia's delicate fingers made quick work of my belt and deftly unbuttoned, unzipped, and unsheathed my painfully hard cock from it's prison of briefs and jeans. Her pale fingers stood out against the dark skin, making it look even bigger in her small hand. She flicked out her tongue and licked the sensitive underside of my cockhead lightly.

"You fucking tease," I muttered. Lia looked up at me with an innocent smile and held eye contact while she swirled her tongue around the very tip. Agonizingly slowly, Lia slid her pink lips over my erection and began to bob rhythmically. It might have been the most erotic thing I had ever seen in my 24 years on this earth. 

"Fuck," I groaned, "fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck." My vocabulary might have been a little more expansive had Lia's mouth not been so prodigiously working my cock, aided by both hands slick with saliva and pre-cum. Finally she came up for air and I let out a labored breath I was unaware I had been holding.

Lia

Alexander's considerably-lengthed cock slipped out of my mouth with a little pop. When I looked up at him, his chest was heaving and his lips slightly parted, but he was looking back. I stood back up and made a little show of removing my bra and now-soaked panties before crawling back into his lap. Alexander twirled strands of my hair around his fingers with one hand while the other gripped my ass. We were nearly forehead to forehead now and as our eyes met, he broke into an easy, carefree smile. It was impossible not to smile back.

I gyrated my hips, easily sliding my wet pussy up and down across his thick erection. Alexander's eyes fluttered shut as he groaned with pleasure. His broad hand moved down my ass and between my legs. Arching my back, I pressed my clit into his cock, allowing him to slip one long finger into me. With his other hand still tangled in my hair, Alexander gently guided my chin up and marked my exposed neck with a love bite.

In an instant my eyes shot open as lightning bolts coursed through my body. Alexander had curled his finger and stimulated my g-spot with his knuckle. I tried to speak but he was dragging the pressure point back and forth, making it difficult for me to produce anything more than a squeak. My body tensed and shivered as the unexpected orgasm hit.

"Where," I panted, regaining some control, "where the fuck did you learn to do that?"

Alexander gazed up with a proud grin on his lips and gave a slight shrug.

"I aced anatomy class."

I stared at him, incredulous, until in a post-orgasmic haze I collapsed onto his chest laughing. Alexander shook beneath me as he too began to laugh. Raising my head once more, I tried to catch my breath.

"Fuck, that is so..."

"Dorky?" He offered.

"Hot."

Taking my face in his hands, Alexander kissed me with as much sincerity as he did intensity.

"You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this."

"Hm," I murmured, toying with him, "since the moment you saw me?"

"Since the moment I saw you," he agreed. I reached behind my back and traced light patterns on his member with my fingers.

"Well then I guess I have you beat."

Alexander raised his eyebrows, "how's that?"

"I'm pretty sure I saw you first."

Holding him in place now, I shifted my hips and gasped as the head of his fat cock entered my cunt.

Alexander

I wasn't sure what felt better: knowing Lia had been interested in me, even fantasizing about me since that first day or her tight pussy sinking onto my dick. They both felt pretty fucking amazing. I leaned back to admire her body as she began to bounce up and down, fucking herself. A few more shallow strokes, then she paused, buried her face in my neck, and impaled herself to the hilt. Her pussy was impossibly tight. Still sitting, she rolled her hips once, then again. Each teasing moment spurred on the growing urge to take her hard and fast, to hear her lose control.
