 It was March; the weather was warming and in my part of the country, we were having some nice days. It was 4:30 on a Friday afternoon, the weekend started in thirty minutes, and I should have been in a great mood. Instead, I was in kind of a piss-off attitude; it had been one of those Murphy's Law Days if it could go wrong it did go wrong. Nothing you could put your finger on, just a shitty all day.

I was finally finishing up on my last report of the day when I heard a little knock at my office door. I looked up to see Kathy Spears standing at the door looking like she had just lost her best friend. I motioned for her to come in. 

She said, "Frank, I'm sorry to bother you, but I need a big favor. "My cars in the shop, they were supposed to have it ready by the time of got off work. The Shop Forman just called and told me they found some other things wrong, and it will be Monday before it'll be ready, and I don't have a way home or back to work on Monday. I know it's a little out of your way, but if you could take me home today and give me a ride back Monday I'll gladly pay you,"

Kathy and I worked together until my promoted to supervisor. She was promoted to floor manager in another department at the same time I didn't ask the obvious question, why her husband Jerry couldn't pick her up and as far as paying me, she wouldn't pay me what I would love to have. 

Kathy only stood about 5' 3", jet black hair, dark brown eyes, about a 36 C bust leading down to a slender waist then out to about a 34" set of hips with junk in the trunk that most women would kill for. She was part Native American and had the high cheekbones and a completion that always looked like she had just stepped out of a tanning bed.

Kathy said, "Thanks Frank, I'll go check out and meet you in the parking lot" I finished my report and headed out. As I walked outside Kathy and two other old work buddies of ours, Cindy and Beth, were standing just outside the door. Both girls come over and give me a hug and Cindy said, "Thanks a lot for helping Kathy. It's been somewhat tough for her lately, then this shit with the car. You're a good man Frank, and we still love you." "I love you girls too," I knew we were all talking about a work buddy kind of love.

Kathy and I got in my car, and as I was pulling out of the lot, I glanced over at her and noticed that she looked exhausted and stressed. That was defiantly out of character for her; she was always upbeat, full of joy. I thought to myself "must have been a bad for her also."

We were both very quite while I was in heavy commuter traffic. When I got out on the open road with almost no traffic, I fucked up and ask the big question. "So Kathy, with the car problems why didn't Jerry pick you up, he comes right by the plant?" When she didn't answer, I glanced over at her to see big tears rolling down her cheeks. 

I ask "Damn Girl, what the hell's wrong. She covered her face with her hands and broke down crying. I pulled to the shoulder of the road, leaned over, and put my arms around her. She turned, put her arms around my neck and with her head on my shoulder just really let go. She tried to sever time to talk but couldn't for the crying 

I told her "Go ahead girl, just cry it out, we got nothing but time," After several minutes she gain enough control to start talking. "Jerry left me Frank; he's been gone almost a month now. I called, but he won't even speak to me. Cindy and Beth told me just to let his ass go, that he was a dumb ass, and I would be better of without him but I don't want to be alone."

I could relate to being alone, and I had been separated for almost a year now, and my only sex partners were mostly the five sisters of my right hand. 

I ask "what's the problem, another woman, money problems, WHAT?" She started crying again, and I just held her until she calmed down. She pulled her head back and looked me straight in the eyes. I could tell she was rolling all this over in her mind. Then she said "Frank, we've known each other and been workplace friends for a long time. Do you think of me as a whore, a slut or a nymphomaniac?" Before I could stop myself, I said "HELL NO, but I sure would like too."

She just stared at me for a few seconds and I stared back with what I know was a stupid "OH SHIT, I FUCKED UP" look on my face. At first, she just smiled a little then busted out laughing, through her arms around my neck and hugged me tight. "Frank, you're the greatest, this is the first time I have laughed since that asshole left me and I've been feeling so guilty."

I ask "So what in the hell's going on here." She gives me that deep in your eyes look again and said, "I know you're a man, and I'm a woman, but we are friends, workplace buddies, RIGHT?" I thought for a second then said, "Let's say we are asshole buddies, I'm the asshole, and you're the buddy." 

We both laughed, and then she got a serious look on her face. "Frank, I've talk with Cindy and Beth about this, and I told you what they said. It's hard talking to anyone about my problem but especially a man."

"Look Kathy, I don't know what's on your mind, all I can tell you is you're not talking to a man; you're talking to a friend. A friend who'll listen, try to answer any question you ask to the best of my ability and none of it goes any further than this car."

She set for a few seconds as though she was getting her thoughts together. She quickly covered her early years, her and Jerry dating in school, and it was first time sex for both of them, and they were married just after hi school. 

After they had been married for just a few months, she found out Jerry didn't want kids but she did. She also discovered that she thoroughly enjoyed sex and wanted to explore and try new and different things. Jerry was satisfied with missionary once or twice a week. When she tried to talk with him, he would tell her that was nasty, and there was something wrong with her, and he wouldn't talk about it.

I ask her "What did you want that upset him so much." She blushed a bright red but didn't answer. "Kathy, my wife left me almost a year ago because she said I was a sex addict and a pervert so whatever it is, it's not going to shock me. So, from the asshole to the buddy, tell me one thing that was upsetting him.

She set with her head down for a second then in almost a whisper she said "oral sex," I heard what she said, but I ask, "I'm sorry, what did you say?" "ORAL SEXY, DAME IT, ORAL SEX." I thought for just a second and decided to go for broke, I ask, "You mean like blowjobs, sucking his cock until he cums in your mouth, eating your pussy until you reach several orgasms. Is that what you are talking about?"

She was very quite for a few seconds then looked over at me, still blushing but smiling she said: "YES, and you're a dirty old man." "Well, that is about half true, dirty mind, if you want to call it that but I'm only about two years older than you."

I ask, "What else did you have on your mind that was causing this asshole a problem." "You name it, and I have thought about it and tried to talk to him about it, but he would never discuss it." I smiled and said "I could probably name it, but you would be blushing even more and probably slap my face. 

Kathy set thinking for about a minute then told me "OK Mr. Pervert, let's try this, I'm having trouble talking about all the things that go through my mind. How about you describe it and I'll tell you if it is something I have thought of or not."

I told Kathy it was a deal but if I started going too far out, tell me and I would stop, that I would use Jerry as the object of your lust. I'm not going to mix words so it may get a little vulgar. She nodded, and I started "you want to lick his balls and suck his cock until he cums on your tits, on your face, in your mouth.

Kathy was blushing a bright red and breathing heavy, but she nodded and whispered "yes" She looked over at me and started laughing. I give her a questing look, and she nodded toward my crotch. I looked down to see my bulging cock pushing against my pants.

I laughed and blushed a little myself "you said it, a fucking pervert and I love it. She told me to continue. "Okay, on to you, have him suck your tits and bit on your hard nipples" I heard Kathy let out a little sigh. I was sure I was heading in the right direction "massage your clit and finger fuck you while he licks his way down to your hot, wet pussy, continue fingering you while he licks and sucks your clit until you cum." She was nodding her head as I described each move and I could see she was getting turned on as she thought about it.

I continued, "He continues to finger fuck you as he raises your legs and licks his tongue across your asshole." I heard Kathy take a deep breath, and I looked over to see her staring back at me with a surprised look on her face. I thought "Oh shit, too much information."

Kathy asks "ah, ah you, you would do that to, ah, oh my?" I could feel my cock getting even harder as I told her "if given the chance, HELL YES, I WOULD!!" Before she thought what she was saying, she blurted out "Cindy and Beth told me they did that, but I didn't believe them." Then she thought about what she had just said. She looked at me with a, Oh I fucked up look, and then ask me to promise not to let either of them what she had told me.

I told her "no big deal Kathy, it's nothing I wouldn't do myself with the right person. She looked like she was very deep in thought. I told her, "Forget about mentioning their names; it's no big deal." Kathy said, "Frank, I don't know why but there is more I want to tell you, but you have to promise never to tell anyone. I remaindered her about what was said here today didn't go any further.

She asks, "What do you know about Cindy and Beth?" "Well, when we worked together they were good to work with, and I always thought of them as friends. Now I'm their supervisor, and they still do a good job, and I still think of the as friends.

Kathy smiled "Remember, you promised, not a word. Did you know they are Bi-sexual swingers," Now it was my turn for the mouth open, surprised look, along with "YOU GOTTA BE SHITING ME!!?" Kathy busted out laughing "NO, I'm not shitting you. Once when I was frustrated with Jerry I talked to them about it. 

They felt so sorry for me they told me about being involved in the lifestyle and some of the things they had done. They offered to allow me to join them, either or both of the girls, one or both of the couples. I always wanted to try it but didn't want to go alone, and I knew Jerry would never do it. 

Kathy asks, "You would really do that?" "What, swing with another couple, Hell Yes, in a heartbeat? I just never thought of Cindy and Beth doing it." Kathy laughed again "NO silly, you know, the other." I thought about what she was asking then told her "Kathy, please understand I'm not making a pass at you, and our little talk here is not intended to put any pressure on you at all. With that said if you're asking me if I would EAT YOUR PUSSY, not yes but HELL YES. If you are asking if I would LICK and TONGUE FUCK YOUR ASSHOLE, not yes but HELL YES.

Kathy just set for the longest time before she responded "OOOHHHH,WWWEEEE SHIT, that's enough for now, and we need to go home. I cranked the car, pulled out and headed down the highway. In about two miles I was coming to the road to turn on to go to Kathy's house. As I slowed down, she asks what I was doing. I told her I was slowing down to turn on her road. She smiled and said, "OK, I do need to pick up a change of clothes and my toothbrush. I didn't say a word; I just pulled in her driveway and waited. She was in and out in just a few minutes carrying a small overnight bag. 

As she was getting back in the car I ask her "Kathy are you sure you want to do this?" With a nervous smile, she said, "If it is alright with you I can tell you, I have never wanted anything more than this. I smiled back and told her "Get your sweet ass in here and let's go home.' 

It was only about a ten-minute drive to my place. We didn't talk at all; she took hold of my right hand, squeezing it for time to time until I pulled in my drive. As soon as we got inside, I gave her a quick tour of the house so she would know her way around.

When Kathy saw I had two showers she asks if it would upset me if she showered alone I knew this was a big step for both of us and told her it would be okay, I would meet her in the den when she was ready. I done a quick shave and shower, slipped on a pair of khaki shorts and a golf shirt then headed for the den.

I set on the couch and tried to relax. I was thinking about the things we talked about this afternoon. I could hardly believe my luck. Here I was sitting in my den waiting for this drop-dead gorgeous lady to take her shower before we hopefully had a wild night of sex and I hadn't even kissed her yet.

I heard the bathroom door close and in just a couple of seconds, Kathy was standing at the door to the den. She was wearing a nightshirt that looked like a long man's dress shirt that button down the front and it was sleeveless. The top three buttons were open showing a little cleavage. She was not wearing a bra, her nipples were pushing against the front of the shirt, and the bottom of the shirt was about half way down her thighs.

What my eyes saw went straight to my cock and it got so hard my shorts were causing me pain. The only problem was part of this feeling stopped at my heart. I thought "hold on here Frank, this is about sex, don't even believe that you are fall in love with this dream come true;" Kathy walked over and sat down beside me on the couch. Her hand was trembling as she reached over and took my hand. 

Kathy gave me a nervous smile and said, "Frank, I'm as nervous as a teenager on her first date, how about you?" I laughed and told her I would never have believed it, but I'm as nervous as the groom at a shotgun wedding. We both laughed, then Kathy ask "what now" I told her "I don't want to go too fast and upset you. What I would like to do is let you go at your own pace and only do what you're comfortable with." 

Kathy was squeezing my hand tighter and tighter. She said, "I don't know if I can do that Frank, I'm so afraid I'll do something wrong and piss you off. I pulled my hand loose from hers, took her by the shoulders and turned her to face me. I told her "Listen to me Kathy and believe what I'm saying. No matter what you do it will not be wrong, and it will not piss me off." 

She asks "What about things I might say, if I get so turned on I start to talk a little dirty. Once, several years ago Jerry lasted long enough I started reaching a climax. I got excited and told him to bang my pussy fast, damn it, fuck me hard. He got so upset he lost his erection and was pissed of with me for a month.

I told her "Well, the difference here is, that would have turned me on even more. So say anything you feel like and it's fine with me. She leaned over and gave me a light kiss on the lips. When she pulled back, we were looking deep into each other's eyes. I could see the lust and excitement shining in her eyes but it was almost as I could see into her heart. Was it love, not the love of sex but the love of the heart? 

I was totally captured by the look in her eyes it took a second to realize she was talking. I ask "I'm sorry Honey, what did you say?" Kathy laughed, placed her hands on each of my cheeks and shook my head back and forth as though she was waking me up. She asks, "You're telling me that you are mine to do with as I please and you'll not be angry?" I dropped my arms to my side as in total surrender and with a big grin said "I'm yours for the taking my love."

In one quick move, Kathy took her nightshirt by the bottom and pulled it up and over her head. She was sitting there, stark naked, pressed her lips hard against mine and pushed her tongue deep into my mouth. I was trying to match the movement of her tongue, but she was in and out, side to side and all around. She was so turned on she was making noises beyond a moan. 

Suddenly she started licking my lips, nose, eyes, and ears. My whole face was wet with her saliva. She told me "get your fucking shirt off, why are you still dressed?" I started pulling my shirt over my head. Before I could get it completely of she was sucking on my nipples. She moved her right leg over, kneeling beside me without ever moving her mouth off my nipple.

She was fumbling with the top button. I pulled her hand away, quickly unbuttoned and pulled the zipper down enough to pull my shorts down to my knees, freeing my rock hard, throbbing cock. Kathy didn't even look down. She just reaches down and wrapped her hand around my cock.

Kathy set up with a surprised look on her face, then looked down at her hand holding my cock. "HOLY FUCK, THAT'S A BIG FUCKING COCK, DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING TO ASSAULT ME WITH THIS BIG MOTHER FUCKER?"

I had never thought of myself as any kind of a stud, but this woman was making me feel good. I laughed as I told her "No Darling, I was going to let you assault me, remember?" "Can I kiss it on the head?" After a hearty laugh, I told her "Honey, you can do anything to my cock and to me that don't cause permanent injury." 

Kathy squeezed my cock as she looked down at it. She seemed like a kid on Christmas morning as she leaned down and kissed the mushroom head of my cock. Then pumped up and down a couple of time before kissed it again. Without looking up, she said, "I don't know much about what to do, Cindy gives me a few pointers like being careful with my teeth and if I bit, not to bit too hard.

I ran my fingers through her hair and told her "Katy, you do what excites you, I can tell you what is feeling good, and you can take it from there. One thing I can say the wetter the better." She didn't reply; she just rose up a little so I could see what she was doing. Then pulled her hand up my shaft to the back of my cock head. She parted her lips and a long line of saliva slipped out and covered the head of my cock. Just before the saliva run over the side of her hand, she pulled her hand back down my shaft, twisting her hand spreading the wetness as she moved down. 

It was such an erotic site I had to struggle hard to keep from cumming right then. A loud moan escaped my lips as she opened her mouth and licked around my cock head while she continued to pump up and down on the shaft. She slid her mouth down my shaft until she hit the back of her throat causing her to gag hard.

She set up, looking at me with watery eyes and a big smile on her face "that's a big cock but if you will give me time I promise I'll do better." I leaned down and gently kissed her on the lips and whispered, "Honey, it's been a while since I cum and if you continue to do that you're gonna end up with a mouth full of cum that you may not want."

"NO, NO, I want your cum, in my mouth, on my face, in my pussy, in my ass, all over, I LOVE YOU FRANK HOWARD." She suddenly pulled back and put her hand over her mouth. We just sat looking at each other for a couple of seconds. She said, "I sorry Frank, I didn't mean to say that, it just slipped out." I ask, "You didn't mean to say what, you don't want me to cum in all the places you mentioned?"

She laughed and gave me a love tap on the arm "no silly, you know what I was talking about." I told her "Don't worry about it Honey; you only said aloud what I've been thinking. In the meantime, I have a long overdue load of cum that is about to go somewhere. While we were talking, Kathy had continued pumping up and down my shaft. 

A drop of pre-cum eased out and run down to Kathy's hand. She looked at it then at me. I smiled and nodded. She licked it up into her mouth, then she spits it out into her other hand, rubbed it on her pussy and pushed two fingers deep inside. 
