 Readers beware: In this chapter my two main characters are reaching out, exploring their sexual fantasies, to find their sexual boundaries or find if they even have any. This section contains various sex acts. M/F, F/F, M/M oral stimulation of the penis, the anal area, the vagina with cum swapping/swallowing and some water sports. While many readers find this very erotic and a big turn on, others may find it offense. If this not your cup of tea, please feel free to read another story. As usual, comments and constructive criticism are appreciated. If you have not read chapter one and two, I would suggest you read it first. It lays the groundwork for this chapter and the other chapter.

*****

Birds of a Feather, Chapter three (Meeting new friends) 

I made sure we had a couple of bottles of wine chilling and a couple of six packs of beer cold and ready. Kathy and I dressed as we normally would just in case we did get to any of the games. 

We had about thirty minutes before they were due to arrive. 

I ask Kathy to tell me how she felt about the meeting, what she expected to happen and how far she was willing to go. 

She thought for a few seconds then said. "Frank, this is something I had fantasized about for years, even before I knew about Cindy, Shawn, Beth and Paul. Yesterday and today, I have fantasized about watching you fucking and sucking with the four of them. I 've had a lot of other thoughts running through my mind, and all of it turns me on, I hope you can understand."

"Kathy, do you expect me to SUCK Shawn and Paul's COCK'S, do you want to EAT Cindy and Beth's PUSSY? Is that what you're hoping will happen?" 

She looked deep into my eyes and said, "I don't expect it and don't want you to do anything you don't want to do. I think I would be willing to do anything and everything you want us to do together including having sex with others, but only if we do it together."

Most of this had crossed my mind many times in the past, but I never expected it actually to happen. Now I was about to be presented with the opportunity to indulge my fantasies with the beautiful woman that love me, and we shared many of the same fantasies as me.

I took Kathy in my arms, holding her close and I told her, "Honey, we'll take this a step at a time and make it together. We'll be in agreement on everything we do, or we just don't do it." 

She kissed me lightly on the lips and said, "My darling Frank, I love you so much, and I'm so excited about all of this. I agree with you; it will be TOGETHER or NOT AT ALL."

The doorbell rang, and we walked arm and arm to the door. As soon as I open the door, Cindy rushed in, give me a big hug, making sure she pushing her 38 D's into my chest, then a light kiss on the lips. As she moved over to repeat the same with Kathy, Shawn, Beth and Paul followed, sharing the hugs and kisses as they entered. I was thankful when Shawn and Paul shook my hand and gave me a kind of man to man hug. I wasn't sure how I would react to a kiss on the lips from a man.

Cindy turned toward the door to introduce her friends. Kathy and I turned to meet the new friends, and as the four of us looked at each other, we started laughing. 

I extended my hand and said, "Hello Dan and Katie, good to see you again." Dan and I shook hands; then he moved over to hug and kiss Kathy. At the same time, Katie and I embraced and kissed. Just before we broke the kiss, Katie flicked her tongue across my lips.

The other four were looking on with their mouths open in surprise. Cindy said, "What the fuck! You guys already know each other?" 

Katie quickly explained our meeting, then she patted Kathy on the ass and asked, "Did everything fit alright?" 

Kathy laughed, "A perfect fit for both of us."

I invited everyone into the den where we had put a couple of blankets spread out on the floor and several throw pillows around. Everyone decided on wine to drink so I opened one bottle of one white and one red. Kathy carried a tray of the glasses, and I followed with the wine.

Once everyone had their wine, we all settled down in a circle on the blankets. 

Cindy was the first to speak, "Frank, let me tell you and Kathy, the six of talked before we came over here. We never mention your names; that's why none of us knew you two had already met Dan and Katie. They were only told that Bath and I worked with both of you. Whatever happens here, will have nothing to do with our working relationship. I want to tell you, all of us have agreed, everything we say and do will stay right here."

Everyone was quite for a few seconds, and then Kathy reached into her pocket and took out the letter from Jerry. She handed it to Cindy, asking her to read it aloud. When Cindy was through reading, she said, "He's a sorry bastard if ever there was one." 

Katie asks about my wife. 

I filled them in on what I knew. 

She asks if I knew where she was. 

I told her I thought she was in the town of Brookhaven, where her Mother lives. 

Dan and Katie both laughed, "You've got to be shitting me, that's where Katie and I live. 

Katie asks Peggy's maiden name.

When I told her, she said she knew her, that she saw her once or twice a week but there's always a man with her.

Kathy stood up and left the room. She returns in a few minutes with a picture of her husband, Jerry. 

One look and Katie told her, "That's the man." 

Dan asks, "If you two were not married to someone else what would you do?" I

I told him, "The same thing we're doing now, except we would be married. We both know our marriages to Jerry and Peggy are over. We think Kathy may be pregnant and if she's not she soon will be. We're sure we love each other, and both want children. Therefore, we will do whatever we have to do to live together and raise our child."

Dan said, Okay, give me the letter, it may take a few days, but I should be able to take care of this for you."

"How can you do that?" I ask. 

"Just between us, I think I know the attorney Jerry has hired. He does a lot of shit like this, but he usually charges four hundred dollars or less for the whole thing. Frank, I'm sure you'll be hearing from Peggy soon. I'll write down the things you need to say to her and what you need to ask her." 

"How do you plan to do all this?" I ask. 

"I'm an attorney myself. We have a Law Firm in Brookhaven. I have two other partners, Katie's a paralegal and works for the Firm, but Katie and I will handle this on our own. You shouldn't worry about this anymore. Now it's time we have some fun." 

We refilled our glasses and everybody seemed a little more relaxed. Katie asks Kathy if she still had the butt plug in. 

Blushing a little, Kathy told her," Yes I do." 

"Would you mind letting me see it" Kathy turned a brighter red as Cindy and Beth encouraged her to show Katie her lovely ass. 

She looked at me as though she was asking my permission. 

I told her, "Go for it Honey if it would please you. 

Kathy had a shy little smile on her lips as she stood and turned her butt toward Katie. Kathy still had the shy smile as she looked around the room at each of us. Then she placed her thumbs on each side of her shorts and pushed down. She lowered her shorts and thong down to her knees. Leaned forward a little, pushing her butt cheeks toward Katie.

Katie leaned in a little to have a closer look, "My, My, what a lovely set of cheeks. Could you spread them a little so I can get a better look at the butt plug? 

Kathy slowly reaches back and pulled her cheeks apart, giving Katie an excellent view of her ass and the butt plug. 

Katie reached up and pulled the plug out just a little, then pushed it back in. "Ah yes, that looks hot Sweet Cheeks. Now, turn around the circle and let the others get a look."

Kathy glanced over at me again, and I smiled as I nodded my approval. 

She kept her ass cheeks pulled wide apart as she slowly turned around, showing her butt plug to all the others in the circle. 

When she turned her ass toward Cindy, she laughed, "Sassy, that is a very sassy girlfriend. No more Fridge for you. From now on it will be Sweet Cheeks." Cindy loved nicknames for her friends. 

Now Kathy had graduated from a cold Fridge to hot Sweet Cheeks. 

I wondered what nickname she had put on me? 

Kathy asks Cindy if we were going to play strip poker. 

Cindy told her she was hoping we could play strip spin the bottle. She quickly explained the rules. It was similar to strip poker but faster moving and you could go further with the interaction if everyone agreed. 

We all drew a card from the deck to determine who got the first turn. I had the high card, so I gave the empty wine bottle a good spin. When it stopped, it was pointing toward Cindy.

Cindy laughed, "Look Ass, we came to see you two get naked; this is not a good start." We all laughed at her comment. 

Cindy surprised Kathy and me by pulling her top off first. She had on a see through bra, and those lovely 38 D's were sitting out there for all to see. 

Katie asks, "Do I need to get you two a couple of towels before you drown yourselves drooling." 

I glanced over at Kathy, and she was staring at Cindy's tits as she is licking her lips.

Kathy looked at me and smiled. 

I ask, "Would you like to have those nipples in your mouth sucking on them?" 

Kathy was still smiling, turning a little red and nodded her head. 

Cindy began teasing she by massaged both tits and pinched her nipples. 

When I looked at Kathy, I could see both of her nipples pushing hard against her blouse and she kept licking her lips. I knew she was incredibly turned on, and I knew this game was going to be too slow moving for her. 

"Okay everybody, I can see this spin the bottle thing may be a little too slow. I think we're both ready to move on, but please remember, this is a big step for of us. We need to go slow at first, and we may need a few instructions on what to do and when to do it. I can assure we don't know what the hell to do next."

Everyone, including, Kathy, applauded and let out a cheer. 

Cindy told us, "Let's talk a little first, and then we can move on from there. "Frank, Kathy, most of what I'm going to say is for your benefit. All the others already know the ground rules." She told us, gender wise, there were no barriers between the six of them, However, it would be up to us to decide what we wanted to do, and how far we wanted to go. She explained that scat and severe pain was the only things out for bounds for them. Sometimes they did a little role-playing, light bondage and they all liked to play a little rough at times. They all agreed that none of them would ever force anyone to do anything they didn't want to do. 

Cindy looked at each of us to be sure we had no questions to this point. Then she told us I would be the only one cumming in Kathy's pussy and the same goes for Katie and Dan. Both ladies were not on the pill, and if they got pregnant, they would want to know for sure who the father was. 

Cindy explained that she and Beth were safe because both were on the pill. She knew we had the butt plugs in place. She asks if we would like to remove them, just in case we decided to indulge in a little anal play. 

Before I could speak, Kathy answered," Hell Yes." Everyone had a big laugh about her enthusiasm. 

Just hearing Cindy talking about all this was turning me on and I knew it was doing the same for Kathy.

Beth suggested we start with a little necking, help each other undress and see where it goes from there.

When no one objected she moved over to me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me, pushing her tongue deep into my mouth. 

We continued kissing, as she moved her arms from around my neck and started unbuttoning my shirt. I followed her lead and began unbuttoning her blouse. 

When I got down to her bra covered tits, I took one in each hand and massaging them, rolling her hard nipples around between my finger and thumb. She was about a 34 B or C cup, just perfect for her 5' 5" slender, well-toned body. I could feel her long, hard nipples pushing against her bra

.

It only took a couple of seconds to remove her blouse and bra, revealing her creamy, firm breast with small pink areolas and slightly darker, rock hard nipples. Beth removed my shirt, and as she was undoing my pants, I began to massage her firm tits.

I took a quick look toward Kathy to see what she was doing. doing.

I saw Kathy and Dan locked in a passionate kiss, their tongues darting back and forth between each other's mouths. Kathy's top and bra were off and laid on the floor. Dan had his hands full of her big tits and Kathy was rubbing his cock through his pants. 

I heard Beth let out a little moan as I felt my pants drop down to my knees. I looked down and realized that I was twisting and pulling hard on Beth's erect nipples.

She placed her hands over mine, encouraging me to continue what I was doing but she was looking down past her breast. When Beth had dropped my pants down, my rock hard cock had found an escape through the opening in the front of my boxers. It was bobbing up and down a little with each beat of my heart. 

Beth took a firm grip on my cock as we both took a quick look around the room. 

Cindy and Paul were hooked up in a noisy 69. 

Katie was kneeling in front of Shawn and had his cock deep in her mouth, while Shawn had a hand full of Katie's tits. 

Kathy and Dan were both naked now, and while they were still locked in the hot kiss, their hands were busy feeling out each other's bodies. 

Beth removed her hand from my hard cock, placed her thumbs on each side of my boxers and pulled down. She giggled when my hard cock popped out the top of my shorts and struck her under her chin. I stepped out of my pants and shorts, then helped her to stand again. 

I began removing her shorts and thong. I had always wondered if Beth was a true red head. I dropped to my knees as I lowered her shorts and thong below her pubic area. There before me was a beautiful, neatly trimmed, bright red patch of pubic hair. 

I could see her moist lips, swollen with passion and I just couldn't resist. I placed my hands on the cheeks of her ass and pulled that patch of red pubic hair toward my mouth. 

I covered as much of her pussy as I could with my lips. Then I slowly licked my tongue for the bottom edge of her pussy, up through the middle, and on up to her hard as a rock clit. 

Beth pulled my face hard against her clit. I licked and sucked on it as I pushed two fingers deep into her hot pussy. When I hit her G-spot, she jumped and pushed even harder against my mouth. She was moaning and giggle a little from time to time. 

Beth had a tight grip on the back of my head, and she was meeting my every thrust as I shoved my fingers harder and faster into her hot, wet pussy. Fingering her pussy while I was licking and sucking on her hard little love button was causing Beth to moan louder and giggle more. 

I thought Beth was getting close, so I decided to try something I hoped would push her over the edge. I sucked her clit into my mouth and bit down a little

She let out a loud groaned and pulled my mouth so hard against her pussy I was having trouble breathing. I could feel her whole body quivering as she flooded my mouth with her woman juice. I licked, sucked and swallowed until she pulled away and dropped to her knees in front of me. I leaned back and looked at Beth. She was trying hard to catch her breath, but her bright green eyes and the ear to ear smile told what I wanted to know. 

Katie moved over next to me, took my face in her hands and started licking Beth's wetness off my face. Then she brought her lips to mine, and I sucked her tongue into my mouth. I could taste Beth on her tongue, but there was also another taste. Then I remembered, she was sucking Shawn's cock just a few minutes ago. I realized it was his cum I was tasting, and I started to pull back. 

Then I thought, what the fuck, sucking the mixture of juices off her tongue was turning me on much more than I ever thought it would. Katie broke the kiss and took Beth and me by the hand, and we moved over near Kathy and Dan. 

I saw Kathy 's butt plug laying on the floor, and she was sitting astride Dan's face. She was facing his feet and humping hard with her hips. From the look on Kathy's face, I thought Dan was doing a great job of eating her pussy. 

I moved around to get a better look. That's when I noticed Katy had a couple of fingers jammed into her pussy, and Dan had his mouth covering her ass, tonguing her asshole. 

She looked up at me; her eyes glazed over with passion. "Hey Darling, we're doing it, aren't we? I love it, and I love you too, you wonderful man. I smiled back at her and said, "Yes, I know Darling, it's so good to see you having fun, and I love you too. "

Cindy, Paul, and Shawn moved over to where we were. Cindy startled me a little when she spoke so loud.

"Okay, everyone stops for a few minutes. I think it's time to have a heard to heard talk. We all laughed at Cindy's play on words.

Cindy looked like she was deep in thought for a few seconds then said, "I know we all agreed to this meeting, but I feel I may have pushed it a little to make it happen. I think we have already gone further and faster than any of us expected. From the looks of thing, I believe it might go a lot further. I guess this question is for Frank and Kathy, how far do you want to go?" 

Kathy looked at me, "Do you believe I love you, Frank?" 

"Yes, Kathy, I do believe you love me." 

Kathy smiled up at me, "If we say YES to try everything, will you still LOVE me tomorrow?" 

I thought about everything that had occurred so far and what could happen if we forget boundaries and go for the full monty.

I looked around the room, then looked straight at Kathy. "I think the big questions are, how far do you want to go, and how far could this go if we agree to no boundaries?"

Katie spoke up, "I would like to try to answer that question if no one object." Everyone nodded their agreement. "Frank, the six of us are old friends and playmates if you know what I mean. I guess many people would describe us as bi-sexual swingers. We consider ourselves to be good friends with benefits. We are free to go where ever the mood takes us. That can include oral, anal, vaginal and masturbating. It also includes male to female, female to female and male to male. We have all agreed to no scat play, severe pain or anything that could cause permeate damage. The six of us understand and accept this." 

Katie stopped talking as she looked down at Kathy, who was now sitting on Dan's chest. Then she looked over at me and smiled. "Now, for the two of you. First, we understand that all of this is new to both of you. The relationships you had for years has changed from close friends and work buddies to lovers and most likely will end up husband and wife. Both of you also work with two of the people here tonight, and you are good friends with the four of them."

Again, Katie stopped talking as though she was giving us time for all of this to sink in. "Frank, Kathy, if you set boundaries tonight, they will be honored, and no one will be upset. If you decide to throw caution to the wind and go for broke, both of you will most likely have some form of sexual contact with every person in this room. That would include male and female. Now, it's up to you. Both of you need to be on the same page and only agree with the things you know you can live with tomorrow and every day after that."

Everyone seemed to be looking at me for a response. 

"It's true that our relationship has changed a lot in the past couple of days, but it has all been for the better. Kathy and I both had a lot of sexual fantasies. Some we have already fulfilled and others we may accomplish here tonight. If Kathy and all of you agree, I will suggest we do as Katie suggested and go for broke. The only thing I would ask if it gets to be more than either one of us can handle that all of you would agree to give us a pass on whatever it might be."
