 Caution: Readers beware! 

If you haven't read the first three chapters, I would suggest you read those first. This chapter has our main characters continuing to test their sexual boundaries with their six friends. Much of it will go from one sexual activity to another, as Frank and Kathy continue to test their boundaries. It contains oral, anal and vaginal sex involving M/F, F/F/ M/M, cum swallowing/sharing, group sex, enema /douches, group sex, and water sports. While these are very erotic to many, some readers do not care for it. If you are offended by these topics, I would suggest you pick another story. Thank all of you for your feedback and constructive criticism.

*************************************

Birds of a Feather, Chapter 4 (it all works out with our friends)

We were all relaxing, and the room had become quiet. 

Kathy was lying with her head on my shoulder, and my arm was around her shoulder with my hand resting on her breast. I could still detect the smell of sex in the room. 

The smell of cum, hot pussy, piss and sweaty bodies lingered in the air. I inhaled deeply and smiled. 

Kathy looked up me smiling, "You love that smells don't you Lover?" 

I just nodded as I closed my eyes and relaxed. 

I didn't 't realize I had dozed off until I was shaken awake by Kathy's movement, and the little moans escaping her lips. 

I rose up and looked down to see her legs raised in the air. My eyes followed down her long, shapely legs to where they come together. I could see a head full of red hair and knew Beth was busy devouring Kathy's hot pussy.

It didn't 't take long for my cock to spring to full erection.

Kathy noticed and reached over, wrapped her fingers around my shaft and started slowly stroking it. 

I caught a glimpse of someone kneeling on my right side. I turned to see Cindy kneeling there watching Beth working on Kathy's pussy. 

She had two or three fingers shoved in her pussy, pumping in and out at a frantic pace. The expression on her face told me she was about to cum.

Katie moved up behind Cindy, put her arms around her and starting pinching and pulling on her nipples so hard I knew it had to be painful. It only made Cindy even more intense in her finger fucking. 

Katie added to the action as she started licking and sucking on Cindy 's neck.

Beth was bringing Kathy to that magical moment in a hurry. 

It was easy to see Cindy knew all the tricks of masturbation as she bent her wrist, better aligning her fingers with her pussy. Then spread her legs even further apart and set down on her hand. 

She threw her head back as she rocked back and forth on her fingers. "OOOHHHH, SSSHHHIIITTT, FFUUCCCKK YYYEESS!!" Cindy screamed out. 

I could hear a wet sloshing sound as Cindy cum hard on her fingers, then collapsed back into Katie 's arms. 

Then it was Kathy's turn, "OOOOOHHHH YYEEESSSS, SUCK MY HOT PUSSY, YOU CUNT SUCKING SLUT." 

I could hear the sound of Beth 's wet mouth on my loving Kathy's pussy as she reached her peak. She fell back against my shoulder, smiling, with a total look of satisfaction on her face. 

She cuddled her soft, sweaty body up by my side as Beth laid her head on my leg.

I looked back at Cindy, our eyes met, and she smiled. "I can't tell you how excited I am to be here with you and Kathy like this."

I smiled back, "I know the feeling my friend, it's like a dream come true for Kathy and me." 

Cindy raised her hips a little and pulled her fingers out of her pussy. Her hand was soaking wet as she started to raise it to her mouth.

I reached over and took her by the wrist, pulling her hand to me. I licked it from her wrist, up across her palm and started to put her fingers in my mouth. 

I felt Kathy move. As I looked down, she was look up at me with her mouth slightly open. 

I laughed and pulled Cindy's fingers down to Kathy's mouth. She made a show of taking one finger at a time into er mouth, sucking and licking it clean. Then she placed all four of Cindy's fingers in her mouth and stuck on then like they were a massive cock. 

Beth had raised her head to watch Kathy's little show. Beth laughed, "Kathy, you've turned into a real slut." 

Kathy did the best she could to smile with four of Cindy's fingers in her mouth and replied with a simple, "UH-HUH."

I heard applause and cheers coming from the kitchen. I turned enough to see Dan and Paul picking up the trays of sandwiches and Shawn was holding two new bottles of wine. 

"While you guys were playing, we made ourselves at home," Paul said. 

"Thanks, guys but know this, when you're here in our house you are at home. Nothing's off limits to any of you."

I felt Kathy squeeze my arm. 

When I looked down at her, I could see tears in her eyes as she squeezed my arm again and softly said, "Our house." 

"Yes Baby, OUR HOUSE." That brought another round of applause and cheers from the group.

While we had our little snack, I found a notepad for Dan and Katie to make a list of things they needed us to get done by Monday evening. We also made a list of things Kathy and I needed to make decisions about, our houses, bank accounts and who we would tell about our plans, among other things. 

Dan gives us some advice about some of the things we needed to do and not do. He asks if I knew how to contact my wife, Peggy. 

I told him her Mother, Nancy, and I had always been friends, and I could try to contact Peggy through her. 

He wrote some notes for me about what I should and shouldn't say if I called her. He told me I should wait a few days before I tried to contact Peggy. He said he still expected her to call me very soon.

Dan told us he was going to make a couple of phone calls while we were taking a break.

We finished our snacks, then cleaned up the area. As we started to settle back down, Katie walked over and laid on her back near the middle of one of the blankets. 

Paul and Shawn turned Kathy over, picked her up by her arms and legs and place her on all fours over the top of Katie. 

Beth and Cindy took me by the arms and led me over by Kathy and Katie. 

Cindy pushed down on my shoulders, and I dropped to my knees by Kathy's left hip. 

Kathy and Katie had wasted no time going at each other's pussy. 

Beth moved over behind Kathy. 

Cindy reached over and pulled Kathy's ass cheeks apart. 

Beth leaned down and pulled her tongue from the bottom of Kathy's pussy and, up across the taint to her puckered asshole. 

Beth made sure I had a good view of everything she was doing. She pulled back a little and spat on Kathy's asshole, then used her fingers to smear it around.

Beth moved her hand out of the way as Cindy leaned over and spat a big glob of her slave which landing just above Kathy's asshole and started running down her crack. 

Beth used it to coat her middle finger, then aligned the finger with Kathy's asshole. She looked at me as she slowly pushed the finger in past the resistance of the sphincter to the first joint of her finger. 

Kathy let out a grown, and I was sure there was probably some discomfort, but she pushed back against Beth's finger.

Beth moved the finger in and out a little, wiggling and pulling it from side to side, stretching Kathy's asshole a bit more. She pulled her finger all the way out, pointed it toward Cindy who took it in her mouth and soaked it with more saliva.

Beth once again pushed the finger into Kathy 's asshole, going all the way in until her knuckles were bumping against Kathy's ass cheeks. 

As I watched Beth finger fucking Kathy's ass, Cindy laid down on the floor and took my cock deep into her mouth. 

I had to fight hard to keep from imminently shooting my load into her mouth. 

Beth suddenly announced, "Okay, that's enough, time to change. She pulled her finger out of Kathy's ass, and Cindy stopped sucking my cock. 

The two of them moved me around behind Kathy until my cock was lined up with Kathy's hot, wet pussy. 

Katie reached up and pulled my cock down to her hot mouth. After she had soaked it good with her saliva, she aligned it with my lovely lady's sweet pussy as Beth and Cindy took my ass cheeks and pushed me forward.

I went ball deep in Kathy's pussy as I heard her, AAAAHHHHH, YES LOVER, FEED THE BABY FOR MAMA!!" 

Katie was licking Kathy's clit and from time to time, she licked my shaft as I pulled out to the edge of Kathy's pussy. 

Cindy pushed slightly on my back to signal me to lean forward. 

When I did, I felt a pair of small, warm hands pulling my ass cheeks apart. Then I was surprised to feel a tongue lick across my asshole. I could tell by the slight whiskered completion that it was a man. 

Whoever it was known what they were doing. They were flicking the tip of their tongue across my sphincter, and then licked the full length of my ass. Next, they pushed their tongue against my sphincter, forcing it to open enough to push their tongue up inside my anal passage. All this was in perfect sync with the movement of my cock in and out of Kathy's pussy. 

Kathy was cumming one time after another and always begging, "PLEASE BABY; PLEASE GIVE IT TO ME, HARDER, HARDER!!"

I could feel my balls tightening up as Kathy's pussy continued to clamp down around my cock. When I cum it wasn't like a shot after shot but more like a constant flow of cum. 

I filled her pussy, and I could hear Katie slurping up the overflow. Kathy was screaming one continues, "YYYYYEEEEESSSSS!!"

Kathy fell forward on top of Katie, and I started falling over on my left side. 

Cindy caught me in her arms and began rubbing one cheek while kissing the other. 

Beth moved over next to me, took my deflating cock completely in her mouth. She used her tongue and lips to clean my cock then let it slip out of her mouth. She pulled my cock up with her hand as she licked my scrotum, sucking one ball and then the other into her hot, wet mouth. 

While Beth was busy cleaning me up, I looked over at Kathy.

She had rolled over on her back, arms to her side and still breathing heavy. 

Paul moved over and placed her left legs over his shoulder. 

Dan moved to the other side and lifted her right leg over his shoulder. 

Katie was kneeling, holding Kathy's head on her legs. 

Shawn moved between Kathy's legs, lean down and lick our combined cum, first from around her ass then the lips of her pussy. Next, he placed his lips over her pussy and started licking up her cream pie. 

I noticed Katie whispering something to Kathy. 

Kathy nodded, and I could tell she was pushing down with her pussy.

Shawn moaned as he sucked away on her wet pussy. Then he rose up, looked at Kathy and Katie, then turned toward us. 

He opened his mouth to show us the large glob of cum that covered his tongue, then titled his head back and swallowed. 

He opened his mouth with an "AAAAHHHHHH" as though it was the best thing he had ever tasted.

He turned back to Kathy, varying from the scenario we had used before; Shawn pushed his index and middle finger deep into her pussy. 

Kathy let out a loud moaned, pulled her legs down against Paul and Dan's shoulders, raising her pussy tighter aginst Shawn's fingers. 

He pulled out, aligned his other two fingers with her asshole.

Shawn pushed forward slowly penetrating her pussy and asshole at the same time. 

Kathy looked over at me with an excited expression on her face, "I can feel him, I feel his fingers rubbing together in my pussy and ass." 

She pulled up even more and started matching Shawn's thrust. "FUCK ME, FUCK MY PUSSY AND MY ASS, FUCK ME HARD. LICK ME, LICK MY CLIT LIKE A FUCKING DOG, DO IT, DO IT NOW!!" Kathy screamed at Shawn.

I knew Shawn had a bit of a temper, and I was sure Katy's shouting at him would piss him off. 

WELL! I was sure wrong about that. Shawn obeyed her command and started slamming his fingers in and out of her pussy and ass and YES, licked her clit like a dog like lapping up water. 

Kathy was in a total frenzy by now.

I was sure she was reaching a sexual peak she had never known before. I couldn't help but wonder what effect this intense level of sex would have on our relationship when it was just the two of us.

Katie whispered something to Kathy again. 

Kathy said "YES, HELL YES!!" 

Katie was laughing as she laid Kathy's head down on the blanket. 

Katie moved around and straddled Kathy's face. 

I thought she was going to have Kathy eat her pussy. Wrong again, Katie held her pussy about six inches above Kathy's open mouth. 

I watched as the first stream of piss shot out of Katie and into Kathy's waiting mouth. I could hear the Little Shit gargling like it was mouthwash. 

I laugh as I thought, "Such a perverted little slut, I've sure got my work cut out for me."

Then Katie lets go with a steady stream of piss. It was coming faster that Kathy could swallow. Her entire face was wet with piss; even her hair was soaking wet. 

When the piss stopped, Katie set down, covered Kathy's mouth with her pussy, and started face-fucking

Kathy.

I could hear Kathy's muffled squeals, sounding like an excited little girl. Her whole body was in motion, shoving her pussy and ass up to meet Shawn's fingers and mouth, as she sucked on Katie's pussy. 

Then her entire body went limp. 

Shawn moved back, pulling his fingers out of her, Paul and Dan gently placed her legs on the blanket and Katie crawled over to the edge of the blanket and sat down.

I started to move over to Kathy when Cindy took me by my shoulders, and Beth took hold of my legs. They were both laughing as they picked me up and moved me over next to Kathy. 

She had her eyes closed and was still breathing heavy.

I kissed her gently on the lips, detecting the taste and smell of Katie.

She returns my kiss, smiled and said, "Hello Baby, Love You, Big Time."

I laughed and said, "Honey, right now you probably love everyone." 

"That could be true, but that's okay as long as YOU know that you will always be at the very top of the list.

I cuddle up next to her, laying my head on her shoulder. She was wet with sweat, smell of cum and piss and all I could think about was how much I loved this amazing woman.

Everyone was relaxed lying in various positions around on the blankets. I'm not sure if I fell asleep or if I was just that relaxed. I don't even know how long we laid there. 

Kathy's snickering snapped me back to the present. She was so into it that her whole body was shaking. 

Cindy asks, "What the fucks are you snickering about Hot Stuff?" 

Kathy laughed out, Hot Stuff?" 

Cindy set up, smiled and said, "Yeah, Fridge don't fit anymore, and Sweet Cheeks is a great complement but not hot enough. So it will be Hot Stuff from now on." 

Everyone, including me, cheered their approval.

"Well, What?" Cindy asks again. 

Kathy set up, looked over at me then looked at the other around the room. 

She was smiling when said, "I was just thinking, about this time on Friday I felt like my world was falling apart. My husband had left me, my piece of shit car was still in the shop. I was lonely and horny as hell. I was sure most of my dreams, sexually and otherwise, would never come true." 

Kathy quickly looked around the room, the leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips. 

"Now, here I am with a man I love, that loves me back. A room full of friends who are making my sexual fantasies become a reality. On top of all that, as Frank said, I'm either pregnant or will be. Now I would have to say, YES, I'm a happy girl."

I moved over, put my arms around Kathy, and held her close.

Then I felt arms and naked bodies all around us, and I don't think there was a dry eye in the room. I couldn't remember a time in my whole life when I was so happy, sexually fulfilled and so damn exhausted.

Dan asks if we could take a break, get a bit to eat and talk a little. 

Cindy seconded the suggestion. 

We all moved to the kitchen and busied ourselves preparing the snacks and more wine. 

We moved back to the den and picnicked on the blankets. 

While we were eating, Dan told me if I could get everything on the list faxed to him by Monday afternoon, I could try to contact Peggy, or just wait for her to call me. He said if I did talk with her I should stick to the notes he gave me and not let her piss me off. 

He told Kathy. "Write Jerry a letter telling him that someone would be in touch with him in the next few days about the divorce. If he calls or tries to contact you, don 't talk to him." 

He gave us his private phone number and told us if we had any questions we could call him. 

Katie had a wicked smile as she asks if Kathy and I would be interested in everyone returning the next day and maybe indulge in a little anal sex. 

Kathy and I looked at each other, then around the room. 

All eyes were on us. 

Kathy said. "We were hoping you guys would spend the night. We can all camp out in the den or double up in the beds.

No one mentioned anything else about spending the night. We just lounged around, talking about the things that had happened and how much we all enjoyed it. 

Cindy asks, "At the end of the day, looking back on everything you have experienced, what do you think about it all.

Kathy told me to go first. 

I had thought for a couple of seconds before I replied. "I have learned some things about each of you I didn't know before, but mostly I have realized things about myself. I'm not sure where my sexual limits are. Looking back now, I find some things I thought would be repulsive, and a major turn off for me. Instead, they have proved to be incredibly exciting and sexually pleasing. I have also found I need to be pushed a little sometimes to do some of these things, but that's fine because I have someone who not only pushes me but stays by my side as we move forward together."

Everyone was set, looking at me. 

Then Cindy laughed, "Sounds like one pervert in love with another pervert." 

Everyone laughed, and then Cindy told Kathy it was her turn.

Kathy smiled at me and said, "Cindy, you can just make that two happy perverts in love with each other and lucky to have friends like you to help us broaden our horizons."

It was getting late, and Kathy suggested we all get a shower then we could decide on sleeping arrangements. 

Cindy asks how many people could get in my shower at one time. 

I told her four could get in the master shower.

"Great, we can do a three on one shower, you guys will love that. 

I wasn't sure what she was talking about, but I knew I was about to find out and I was sure it would be fun. 

When we entered the bathroom, Katie asked everyone if it would be okay if she and Dan went first with Kathy and me. 

No one objected, so I adjusted the water, and the four of us stepped in. 

Katie pushed me toward the back corner of the shower, soaped up her hands, then handed the bar of soap the Kathy. 

Katie started washing around my neck and chest.

Kathy started washing one arm while Dan worked on the other. 

It didn't take long until they were all working on my cock, balls, and ass. 

My cock was starting to get a little rigid from the attention. 

While Kathy and Dan shampooed my hair, Katie dropped to her knees and took my cock all the way into her throat. 

She fucked it in and out several times, then looked up at me smiling, "I just love to have a cock shoved down my throat." 

Everyone laughed at Katie's comment and Cindy said, "Girl, you're a real slut." 

We all took turns until each of us had the three on one treat. 

As we come out of the bath, Cindy asked if we could grab some sheets for cover and camp out on the blankets in the den. 

I told her I would change the blankets, but Katie asked me not too. She said if it didn't bother anyone else, she would love to wake up to the smell sex in the morning.
