 Note:

This chapter has less sex than some of the other. Our main characters are very busy in this chapter trying to get other important parts of their lives in order. But of course, two people this much in love and with this kind of sex drive things are bound to happen. Be aware, there are some shared enemas, a little FFM, water sports, masturbating and oral sex. There are also some descriptions of scat play. While these are very erotic to many, some readers do not care for it. If you are offended by these topics, I would suggest you pick another story. Thank all of you for your feedback and constructive criticism

*****

Birds of a Feather, Chapter 6 (Better than I ever expected) 

She was smiling even though the tears kept flowing. She moved her hand down between her legs, plunged three fingers into her cum filled pussy. When she pulled them out, I could see her fingers were dripping with cum. She immediately placed them in her mouth and sucked the clean.

"Why the tears Baby, did I hurt you?" 

"Oh HELL NO LOVER!! I'm so happy and full of joy I just can't hold it in. Thank you, my Sweet Darling, I love you SO MUCH." 

I just smiled, moved back a little then lean down and buried my face in her pussy, sucking the remainder of my cum out of her sweet hole, bringing her to another orgasm. 

Finally, Kathy fell forward on the couch, and I stretched out beside her. I held her in my arms until we both caught our breath. Then I stood, took Katie by the hand and headed to the shower

-------------------------

Chapter 6

As we walked across the den, I noticed the light blinking on the answering machine. I pushed the playback button. 

It was a message from Dan, "Hey you two Lovebirds, hope everything is okay, and you are just out having fun. If you get home before midnight, give me a call. Hugs to you both."

I looked at my watch and couldn't believe in was only about 10:30 PM. We had packed a lot into one afternoon. 

I dialed Dan's number and heard the sweet voice of Katie say, "Hello Frank, how are our Lovebirds doing." 

I laughed, "Caller ID takes away all the surprise. I had a messaged to call Dan."

"Hold on just a second and I'll get him for you. Kisses in all the right places to you both." 

There was a short silence then I heard Dan laughing, "Hello Mushroom, how's it hanging, straight down I hope at this time of night." 

I laughed, "As a matter of fact it is, but it is very happy." 

We both laughed then Dan got to his reason for calling, "Frank, we've contacted the attorney that Peggy and Jerry had talked with, but they had not retained him. That means he is not obligated to them in any way. He can do for you and Kathy what he told Peggy and Jerry he could do for them. We send a lot of business his way so he said he would do it for you guys for the cost. That would be about a hundred buck each."

I quickly filled Kathy in on our conversation, and she nodded her agreement. 

I told Dan to tell us what we need to do to make it happen. 

Dan said, "Nothing more right now, you may get a call from one or both of the gruesome twosome in the next few days. If you do, just be careful what you say. It would be better if they didn't know you guys were living together and defiantly shouldn't know Kathy may be pregnant. One last thing, as far as you know, were Peggy or Jerry animal lover, dogs and such?"

I wondered why he was asking such a question, but I asked Kathy before I answered. 

She told me Jerry hated animals, dogs, cats or animals of any kind. 

I told Dan and asked why he was asking. 

He said he was just curious, and he would get back to us soon.

After Dan and I had said our good-byes, Kathy and I discussed Dan's call. We both agreed that it had raised as many questions as it had provided answers. However, we still had confidence in Dan's ability to handle our situation in a way that would be favorable to Kathy and me. 

We made our way to the bathroom where we shared a very touchy-feely shower, dried each other then headed to bed. I cuddled in behind Kathy, put my arm over her shoulder and cupped her right breast gently in my hand.

I was almost asleep when Kathy ask, "Honey, do you wish I had beautiful breast like Amie?" 

For some reason, I was not surprised at the question. I gently squeezed Kathy's breast then told her, "Baby, you have beautiful breast like Amie, yours are just shaped a little differently. The big difference is these breasts belong to you, and I love everything about you."

Kathy placed her hand over mine and squeezed gently, "Thank you baby, goodnight my Darling."

We were both asleep in just seconds. 

I don't think either of us moved during the night. 

When I awoke, the next morning I was still cuddled with Kathy, still holding her right tit. I was going to slip out of bed and let her sleep a little longer. 

As I started to release her breast, she placed her hand over mine to hold it in place. "Just another second" she whispered.

In a couple of minutes, we were out of bed and on our way to the kitchen. We were both still naked, and I was enjoying walking behind her, watching the cheeks of her ass bounce as she walked. 

We decided on French toast with cream cheese, and bacon. We were both in a playful mood as we prepared the food. Touching and feeling each other as we worked. Kathy set the plates of food on the table while I got the cheese and syrup.

Just as I was about to set down Kathy stopped me. She had a very mischievous smile on her face as she placed one foot in a chair to better expose her pussy. She pushed two fingers of her right hand into her pussy and started finger fucking herself hard and fast.

I was wondering what the hell she was up to now. 

She pulled her fingers out and imminently repeated the same thing with two fingers from her left hand. 

When she pulled these fingers out, I could see they were dripping wet with her pussy juice. She rubbed her fingers over the French toast to spread as much of her juice as she could on all the slices.

She raised two of the fingers to my lips, and I quickly took them in my mouth and sucked them clean. 

She put the other two fingers in her mouth and made a point of making loud sucking noises as she sucked them clean.

Even through the cheese and syrup, there was a slight taste of her pussy. 

We both agreed it was the best breakfast we had ever eaten. 

We quickly cleaned the kitchen, showered, dressed then headed to work.

I parked Kathy's car, and we walked into the plant together. 

Cindy was waiting just inside the door; she gave me our usual hi-five and the big boss man hello. 

Then she pulled Kathy aside and whispered something to her. Kathy looked back at me then nodded to Cindy.

Kathy comes over and gives me a quick kiss then headed to her work area. 

As I walked toward my office, Cindy caught up with me 

She asked if we were all having lunch together today. 

I told her I was planning too. 

She asked if I would mind another person joining us. 

I said it would be okay with me and ask who it was. 

Cindy smiled as she stepped closer to me to ensure one else could hear, "You'll just have to wait to see, it will give you something to look forward too."

The morning was off to a bad start when one of the robots malfunctioned, but we all worked together and had it back online, and everything was up and running again.

I got a call from Lorie, Mr. Horton's office assistant, asking me to come to Mr. Horton's office. 

I told Cindy and Danny, another lead employee, where I was going and ask them to keep an eye on things while I was gone.

When I got to the office Lorie told me to go on in; Mr. Horton was waiting for me. 

Mr. Horton was talking on the phone when I walked in. He motioned for me to sit in the chair in front of his desk. He was tilted back in his chair and looked very relaxed, so I figured whatever he wanted to talk with me about must not be too bad.

He spoke into the phone. "Yes, yes, that sounds good to me. (pause) Yes, he is here in the office now. I'll get back to you later today and let you know for sure.

My mind started going wild again, wondering what was going on and if I was in trouble. 

Mr. Horton leaned across the desk, and we shook hands. 

"Frank, I thought about calling Kathy also, but I wanted to talk with you first."

I could feel my heart beating faster, and I was concerned about where this might be going. 

Mr. Horton leaned back in his chair again then ask, "Do you remember when we talked on the phone last Sunday I ask you to keep an eye out for a house for rent in a nice neighborhood.

Damn, I was all pumped up, and he just wanted to know about a house for rent. I told him I remember, but I didn't know of one at present. 

"How about Kathy's house? Since you two will be living together, I thought she might want to do something with her house. 

I don't think either of us had thought about what to do with her house. We had already moved most of her personal things to what we both now called our house.

Mr. Horton told me The J.D. Lewis Corporation were the people he had been negotiating with to buy the company. 

One of JD's boys will be moving here to run this company for the next two to four years. He doesn't want to buy a house and a lot of furniture. That's why I thought about you and Kathy. 

I told Mr. Horton I would talk with Kathy and we may need a little time to decide what we are going to do, but I would let him know as soon as I could. 

He told me Brad Lewis would be there on Friday, and he would be staying at the hotel for about a week. 

He said we could just talk with Brad in person on Friday, and he hoped we could work out something that would be agreeable for all of us.

It was almost lunch time when I got back to my office. I made a quick round through the plant and headed for the cafeteria

Kathy was already in line when I got there, and I saw Cindy and Beth sitting at one of the large round tables. I stopped by and asked Kathy to pick me up something to eat and drink. 

I walked over and started to set next to Cindy. 

She stopped me and motioned for me to move over across from her, leaving two empty chairs between us.

When Kathy got to the table, she set next to Cindy. 

I wondered what the hell was going on, 

Then I saw Allison Moore walking toward our table. I assumed this was my surprise visitor. 

She comes over and sits between Kathy and me. She spoke to all of us then started talking to Kathy about work.

I was wondering what the big deal was about her joining us for lunch. 

I heard Allison asked Kathy, "Are you sure you're okay with this?" 

"As I told you at the morning break, it's fine with me if Frank agrees. It will be both of us or not at all."

Allison turned to me, "Okay Frank, I guess it's up to you. Brad and I would love to join the fun. I'll tell you anything you want to know about us, and you can ask Cindy and Beth. I guess you have figured out that we have played with Cindy, Beth and their husbands. That also includes Dan and Katie. If you need some time to think about it, we will understand. The only thing we ask, if you decide not to agree for us to join you, it will end there. No talking to anyone else, no problems here at work and no hard feelings from either side."

"Allison, right now I would say it looks good, but I need some time to talk to Kathy. Things have been happening so fast, that I'm almost overwhelmed with it all, and I'm sure Kathy is also."

Allison suggested the four of us meet for dinner one evening when things settle down a little and talk things over. 

I looked over at Kathy. She nodded, and I agreed to the dinner and talking as soon as possible.

We had finished eating, and I told Kathy I needed to talk with her for just a minute before we went back to work. 

We stepped out into the hall, and I filled her in on what Mr. Horton and I had discussed about her house. As I expected, Kathy felt no ties to her house except for the fact she was the one who had paid for it. And Jerry should not be included in any decision she made. 

I told her to take a little time and think it over. Then we could talk about it and decide what she wanted to do. I also asked her what she thought about Allison and Brad.

Kathy said we could talk more when we got home, but she could tell me now; it wouldn't take her long to discuss either subject. 

I gave Kathy a kiss, and we headed back to work. 

The afternoon went well. Cindy's line had one minor malfunction but all the people on her line and everyone who wasn't busy on the other lines pitched in, and the line was only down about ten minutes. 

As soon as everything was up and running, Cindy came to the office to fill out the loss of prediction report. 

She was sitting at the desk across from me, and both of us were busy finishing our end of shift reports. I could feel Cindy staring at me, but I didn't look up.

Finally, she asked, "Boss Man, I'm hearing rumors that the Old Man is selling the company. Do you know anything about it?"

I didn't want to lie to Cindy, but I couldn't betray Mr. Horton's trust either. I was very careful with my answer, "No Cindy, I've not heard any rumors. However, I do know this, we both have known Walter Horton for a lot of years, and I believe whatever he does with the company will be good for his employees."

"Good answer Big Bossman," Cindy said with a smile as she walked out of the office.

I caught up with Cindy, and we walked out of the plant together.

I met Kathy in the parking lot then headed for the auto repair shop. 

My car was ready to go when we arrived so I pulled out of the shop with Kathy following. 

We pulled into our drive, and as soon as we were in the house, we started pulling off our clothes. 

We were getting ready to head to the shower when the phone rang. The caller ID read Brewer Law Firm. 

This time, I was going to be the clever one, "Hello Dan." 

Katie started laughing, " Not yet Mushroom, Dan will be with you shortly. If Kathy is close by, I need you on the speaker so I can talk with both of you."

I pushed the button, then Kathy and I said, "Hello Hat Trick." Katie laughed, "Okay you two, tell me the truth, You've been back to the toy store haven't you?"

Kathy and I looked at each other. Then Kathy asked, "How the hell did you know that?"

"Don't you know by now, Birds of a Feather cling together?" Katie laughed.

"The Mullers, you know about the whole family?"

"Yes, they have been friends of ours for years. We had known them before the girls were old enough to play. Dan just walked in so I'm going to put you on the speaker phone now,"

"Hey, you guys. Outside of the fun at the toy store, what else has been going on with you guys?"

"We've just been work and enjoy each other at home," I said as I pulled Kathy up next to me.

"How are things going on your end. Anything new happing with the gruesome twosome?"

I heard Dan and Katie laughing, then Dan replied, "The gruesome twosome may be closer to the truth than you think.Have you two decided what you want to do about the houses, which one are you going to live in and what do you want to do with the other?"

Kathy had a worried look on her face, "Dan, Jerry has been such an ass about everything. I'm afraid he will try to take the house or make me pay him half the value. He has never paid one cent on the house or cars. I paid for the car he is driving now, and it is the newer car. I can't help but wor..."

Dan interrupted her, "Kathy, listen to me. Some thangs are happening on this end that I think will work in your and Frank' favor. I don't believe that you will have to worry about any of this anymore.

Kathy seemed to calm down some, so I asked Dan if there was anything we could do to help on our end.

"Yes, I have several questions for each of you. We'll be recording this, so we'll have it to refer to later if we need to confirm our conversation.

We could hear some movement on Dan's end then he asked, "Frank, is Peggie's name on any of the bank accounts, titles or deeds? 

I thought for a few seconds to be sure of my answer. "No, Peggie's name was on the checking account, but when she left me, she drew all of the money out of the account. I took money out of my savings account and opened a checking account in my name only. The house and lot, all the vehicles and all the bank accounts are now in my name ."

"Great," Dan said, "Now tell me, is there any compromising pictures, tapes or recordings of you and Kathy together?"

I couldn't help but laugh, "None of the above, only eyewitnesses who were participating at the time." My comment brought a laugh from everyone.

"Okay, Kathy it's your turn now."

I could see Kathy turning red in the face, and I knew she was getting angry and upset. I put my arm around her, pulled her close and kissed her on the forehead. "Calm down baby, think of it as the beginning of the end for Jerry and Peggy and the beginning of a new and wonderful life for the two of us.

She turned and kissed me gently on the lips and very softly said, "I love you, Frank Howard." 

"Okay Dan, I'm ready to answer whatever questions you have."

"Actually, they're the same questions I asked Frank. Is Jerry's name on any deeds, titles, or bank accounts?"

I could tell she was still angry, but she remained in control. 

"HELL NO, he didn't pay for anything. Both our names was on the last truck we had. When I bought a new car, he sold the truck and took my new car and gave me his piece of shit car."

The speaker phones were still on, and we could hear Dan and Katie talking to someone else in their office. We couldn't understand what was said, but I could tell by the voices there were at least two more men.

"Kathy, we just need to be sure, the car that Jerry is driving now, you paid for it, and your name is the only one on the title, is that correct?"

"That's right Dan, the asshole sold the truck and kept all the money. He's never helped pay for any of on any of vehicles or the mortgage."

"Have you paid off the house or do you still have a mortgage?"

"I have been paying extra on the mortgage, but I still have fourteen more payments."

Kathy and I could hear the people in Dan's office talking again. We couldn't understand what they were saying, but we heard everyone start laughing.

Before I could stop her Kathy was holding her head down next to the phone shouting, "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU LAUGHING ABOUT, DID WE SAY SOMETHING FUNNY?"

Suddenly everything was quite. Then we heard Katie say, "Damn Girlfriend, we are so sorry for laughing like that. We should have told you that we had two other people in the office who are helping us with your case. We were not laughing at you or Frank. We were laughing about the rude awakening the assholes are about to receive.

Now, Kathy was a little embarrassed, "I'm sorry you guys, I'm very nervous about all this, and I guess I overreacted a little when I heard all the laughter."

"Sorry about the confusion Kathy," Dan said. " Now back to the questions, when everything is over and done with what are you planning to do with your house? Would you like to sell it or rent it?"

"I'm not sure, Frank and I haven't discussed it that much, but I think we will probably rent if we found the right people."

"I don't think renting would be a problem. I was talking with Brad Lewis this morning. His Dad owns The Lewis Cooperation. Brad and his brothers work for the company. He was telling me they had reached an agreement with Mr. Horton to buy his company. Brad is going to be moving to Summerville to be COO for a few years and is look for a nice house to rent. When his Dad retires, he will be coming back here to Brookhaven."

Kathy was looking at me, and whispered, "I guess this is the big secret no one is supposed to know about?"
