 Notice: This chapter contains some sex acts that some readers may find offensive. Threesomes. anal, ass to mouth, cum swallowing/sharing and water sports.

*********************** 

Kathy asked Gail if she knew how Dan got the pictures and how he intended to use them. Gail told us they were most likely take by one of the PI's that works for the firm. Dan is probability going to have the attorney handling the divorce show Jerry and Peggy the pictures in hopes they will fold and just sign the papers to set you two free.

Kathy reached over and took my hand in hers, "I agree with Gail, forget what these two assholes have treated us in the past. I'm so thankful for what we have now." She lifted my hand to her lips and gently kissed it.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

Chapter 7

I asked Gail what she thought of the photos? 

She asked, "What part are you talking about, do I believe that it was excellent PI work? "YES." Do I think that it could help you resolve your situation? "YES." Do I condemn what they are doing? "NO." Scar play is not for me, but who am I to condemn anyone for what they do by choice. Damn, look at us, we suck cock, fuck and get fucked in the pussy, mouth and, up the ass, swallow cum, piss and do many other things that most people would find offensive. Yet, We find it excitable and exciting."

I asked her, "Since we are talking about things we do or do not except, how do you feel about sexually open families." 

Gail laughed, "You had to ask, I assume you know of a particular situation. I can only tell you of my situation and my feelings. That's how it was in my family. None of us ever pushed anyone else in my family to do anything they didn't want to do. After my eighteenth birthday, I was allowed to do anything sexually with any member of my family as long as all parties agreed. I may have experimented some before that age, but it was not with the knowledge or approval of my Mom and Dad."

I told her we knew she was divorced, but we didn't know if she had children. 

"No need going into details about my divorce, let's just say we had major differences about life in general. We had one son, nine years old at the time of the divorce and he stayed with me. I was always very open with him but never vulgar or indecent. When he asked questions, I gave him answers. When he was about twelve years old, he asking if he could touch me in certain private places. I told him when I was growing up it has always been the rule there would be no sexual contact with other family members until you were eighteen years old, and I was still going to hold to that standard. We remained very open, but he never attempted anything sexual with me. A week before his eighteenth birthday he asked me if I would go on a birthday weekend date at the beach with him and teach him all I could about sex. I agreed, and we spent his birthday at the beach but the only time we saw the ocean was through the bedroom window. I found out that he was not a virgin, but there was a lot he didn't know."

I ask her, "How about now, where is he and how does he feel about the way you raised him and the things you taught him?" 

When Gail smiled, you could see the pride on her face. "He is married to a lovely lady that wasn't raised the way he was, but not only does she accepts it... she loves it. They have two children. My Grandson is twelve, and my Grandaughter is eleven. The kids have been raised the same as he was. The funny thing is, the girl is the one asking them all the questions. They live in the mid-west, and he works for a major oil company. We see each other two to three times a year and his wife always makes arrangement for the three of us to have at least one day alone."

Kathy had intently listened to Gail. "I think I would like to live that way," Kathy said as she put her arms around Gail's neck and gave her a big huge. 

Gail hugged her back, "Okay, that's enough about my past. Now, I would like to get my mouth on those hot tits, and I would like to feel that mushroom head shoved up your ass."

We all laughed, "Honey, why don't you just tell us what's on your mind," Kathy smiled as she hugged Gail again.

Gail said, "I need to clean up a little before I do anal. An enema, douche and shower would be great."

Kathy suggested we go to the bathroom and DO EACH OTHER. 

Gail must have agreed because she turned and started walking toward the hallway. 

Kathy was close behind, and I had the pleasure of following those two entirely different, but lovely asses walking down the hall to the bath.

As we walked in the bathroom, Gail asks us if Dan had informed us that she liked to being dominated by the female during sex. 

I told her he had said she loved to have her ass spanked and to be a little rough on her tits.

Kathy asks just how rough she wanted it to be. 

Gail had paused a few seconds before she answered, "I love to be dominated, treated like a whore slut, make me do anything that pleases you and beat my ass or any part of my body if I don't do things quick enough or incorrect."

Kathy looked at Gail, raised her eyebrow in a very cocky manner and smiled. 

Gail saw her and asks, "Kathy, do you think you could do something like that, could you make me your bitch?" 

Kathy asks, "Has anyone done this to you before?" 

"Yes, my daughter-in-law, she takes control every time we are together, and my son Phillip acted as her servant. Katie is a great Mistress, and I have a few other close friends that enjoy our little role playing."

Kathy looked over at me. I just shrugged my shoulders and told them anything they want to do was all right with me.

"I just wanted ever one to be in agreement," Kathy said with a wicked little smile. 

Gail told us she always used a safe word that any of us can use if we needed to stop. She said she likes to use "Peter Pan."

Kathy walked over to the closet, took out the two bags, several packs of additive, the lubrication, and several towels. 

I place two of the towels on the floor, near the toilet. 

Kathy prepared both bags and hung then on the towel rack. 

She handed me the tube for the enema bag and bottles of lube. 

I watched as Kathy applied a good coat of lube to the insert tube on the douche bag. I waited to see what was coming next.

Gail was standing at the edge of the towels. 

Kathy walked over to her, suddenly struck out, slapping Gail hard on her left tit. At the same time, Kathy grabbed a hand full of Gail's hair, pulled her head down and shouted, "DOWN ON YOUR BELLY, BITCH."

I thought," OH SHIT, Gail's gonna slap the shit out of her." 

Instead, Gail said, "Yes, Mistress Kathy" as she dropped immediately to the floor. 

"GET ON YOUR KNEES, AND GET YOUR NASTY ASS UP HERE, YOU FUCKING SLUT."

Gail started slowly pulling her knees up under her. 

Kathy struck so quick it startled me as she slapped Gail twice on her ass cheeks. "NOW, YOU FUCKING WHORE."

Gail quickly moved until she had her knees under her and her ass in the air. 

Kathy used the lube to covered her middle finger. She placed her finger against Gail's sphincter, then forcedly shoved her finger into Gail's anal passage. 

AAAAAHHHHH YYEESS, Thank You Mistress Kathy

Kathy told me to get the enema bag ready.

I did as she told me and when I moved back behind Gail, Kathy pulled Gail's ass cheeks so far apart I could see her sphincter and pussy lips open a little.

"DOES THAT MAKE YOUR ASSHOLE HURT, BITCH?" 

"Oh yes, Mistress Kathy, thank you." 

It was evident both women were thoroughly getting into this game. Both were breathing heavy, and Kathy's eyes were sparkling with excitement. 

I could see the juice leaking out of Gail's pussy, and part of it was running down the inside of her thighs and, part was dripping on the towels.

Kathy took my arm and pulled me to my knees. She took my free hand and filled my palm with the lube. Next, she used her hand to cover the lube over all of my fingers. 

My fingers were dripping wet with the lube when Kathy moved my hand over and pulled it down to Gail's little rosebud and out onto the cheeks of her ass. 

Kathy pulled my hand back and looked at Gail's ass as though she was admiring her handiwork. Then she took my hand, put four of my fingers together and placed them at the entrance of Gail's well-lubed opening. Kathy then put her hand around my wrist and pushed hard.

Gail screamed out in pain as my fingers went knuckle deep into her asshole. "Oh Thank You, Thank You, Mistress Kathy, I love you, Kathy."

I jumped a little when I suddenly heard the two hard licks to Gail's ass cheeks.

"MISTRESS KATHY, YOU FUCKING SLUT BITCH. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

"Yes, Mistress Kathy, I'm Sorry Mistress Kathy."

I was totally amazed by both women. I couldn't believe how either one of them was reacting. Yet, they both seem to love it.

Kathy told me, "Finger fuck this bitch and make it hurt." 

I did as Kathy told me, pulling almost all the way out then slamming back into her hole as hard as I could. 

Gail was moaning with every thrust and from time to time, she would repeat, "Oh Thank You, Mistress Kathy." 

I was looking at Gail's pussy as I was fingering her ass. I had never seen so much pussy juice flowing from one woman's pussy. She was now wet down both thighs, and there was a constant dripping on the towels.

Kathy told me to remove my fingers and hand her the tube from the enema bag. 

She was standing straddling Gail's back. She took the slick tube in her hand, then told me to hold Gail's ass cheeks apart.

I used one of the small towels to wipe the lube off my hand so I could get a good grip. I placed my hands on the full, rounded cheeks of Gail's ass and pulled them as wide apart as I could. 

Gail let out a loud groan, and Kathy asks, "DID THAT HURT GOOD, BITCH?" "Oh Yes, Mistress Kathy, Thank You, Mistress Kathy." 

I was having trouble getting my mind around all this, yet here I was contributing to the action.

Kathy shoved the tube into Gail's asshole, well up into her gut. She held the bag high in the air and released the clip. 

Gail let out a sigh as the fluid started flowing 

The bag was completely full when Kathy released the clip, and she never stopped until it was empty. 

I could see Gail's little rosebud puckered in tight to keep the fluid from leaking out.

Kathy told me to get the glass from the vanity and hand it to her. 

I did as Kathy said, then watched as Kathy slid the edge of the glass up either side of Gail's thighs, collection her pussy juice as she pulled the glass up. 

Next, she slid the glass up the length of her clean-shaven pussy lips. 

There was almost as much pussy juice inside the glass as if I had shot a big load of cum in it. 

I could hear Gail moaning and knew it had to be tough to hold the water inside for that long.

Kathy handed me the glass, and I was about to set it down when Kathy looked at me with a wicked smile as she pulled Gail's pussy lips wide apart. 

I could see the juice still leaking out of Gail's pussy. 

I placed the glass up to the bottom of her slit and Kathy pushed three fingers into her sopping, wet pussy. 

Kathy showed no mercy as she finger fucked Gail for just a few seconds. 

When she pulled her fingers out, a large glob of juice comes out with them and into the glass. 

Kathy's fingers were all coated with Gail's juice. She cleaned her middle finger on the edge of the glass then put her ring finger in her mouth and sucked the woman cum off of it.

I was watching Kathy's every move. She smiles at me then raised her index finger to my lips. I sucked it as though it was a small cock. 

My cock was already rock hard and throbbing. Sucking Gail's juice off Kathy's finger was erotic and such a turn-on I began to wonder if I was going to shooting my load right there on the floor.

Kathy moved from over the top of Gail and told her, "GET YOU NASTY ASS OF THE FLOOR AND SET ON THE TOILET YOU SLUT BITCH!" 

Gail started carefully getting to her feet, as I turned to walk over to the toilet.

I heard a loud slap on bare skin again and heard Kathy barking orders at Gail, "GET YOUR FUCKING ASS MOVE YOU SLUT AND YOU HAD BETTER NOT LOSE A DROP OF THAT FUCKING WATER UNTIL I TELL YOU." 

"Yes, Mistress Kathy."

Kathy took the douche bag from the towel rack and came over to the toilet. 

She had Gail set on the toilet with her legs spread wide apart. 

Kathy roughly pushed the tube from the douche bag up Gail's pussy. Then barked orders to Gail, "LET GO WITH YOU ASS NOW, YOU FUCKING SLUT." 

I heard the sound of the water from her ass hitting the water in the toilet. 

Kathy released the clip on the douche bag at the same time and warm water shot up Gail's pussy. At the same time, Kathy took Gail's nipple in her mouth and bit down.

Gail let a loud groan, threw her head back and both legs shot out to the side. 

I grabbed her by the shoulder to keep her from falling. I thought how Katie had done the same thing.

Kathy and Gail were both dripping wet with sweat. Kathy started licking the sweat as she moved over Gail's tits, up her neck, and across her cheek. 

She leaned over, and I thought she was going to kiss Gail. 

I believe she shocked Gail and me both when she spits in Gail 's mouth. 

Kathy shouted, "SWALLOW THAT YOU BITCH, IT IS OUR MIXED FLUIDS AND WILL MAKE US BLOOD SISTERS." 

All three of us laughed a little at Kathy's comment, and the mood seems to lighten a little. Kathy leaned in again and kissed Gail passionately.

We both helped Gail back to the floor, and I fixed the second bag while Kathy cleaned and refilled the douche bag. 

I give Gail the second enema then helped her to the toilet. 

Kathy went next for the two enemas and the douche. 

She made Gail do most of the work while Kathy continued to give her orders and punish Gail at every opportunity. 

By the time all the enemas and douche was complete, Kathy had spanked Gail's ass and tits so hard they were a bright shade of pink. 

Both women worked together on my two enemas. 

We cleaned up everything and enjoyed taking turns for a two on one shower.

As soon as we had dried off, we all moved to the bedroom. 

Kathy laid out the strap-on harness, the double dildo and our favorite, which we had named the hole in one dildo. 

Gail looked at me, smiling, "Kathy, what are we gonna fuck Frank's ass with. 

Kathy reached back in the bag, pulled out the long, slender one and both women smiled. 

We were setting on the edge of the bed when Gail asked, "Since we don't have a lot of time is there something special you would like to do."

Kathy smiled, and said, "Well, now that you ask, if it's okay with you two, I would like to have a little sample of everything." 

Gail laughed, "Like an around the world kind of thing?"

Kathy smiled, "Sounds good to me," then pushed Gail back on the bed and started sucking one of her hard nipples, and I followed Kathy's lead and started sucking on Gail's other nipple. 

We were not there long before Kathy stood up, put the double dildo in the strap-on harness, put it in around her waist and tightened the straps.

While she was doing that, Gail rolled over on her hands and knees, then moved back to the edge of the bed. 

I stood up behind her and use the lube to coat her asshole, then slipped two fingers inside. I pulled my fingers out and replaced them with my tongue. I pushed my fingers into her pussy as I slide my tongue in and out of her asshole.

Kathy stepped up close behind Gail, and I moved back and covered both dildos with the lube. 

I aligned them with Gail's asshole and pussy. 

Kathy started pushing forward, easing the two toys into Gail's waiting orifices. 

Gail pushed back hard and moaned loudly as the toys penetrated both holes to the hilt.

Kathy showed no mercy as she rammed Gail's holes. 

Gail let out a loud groan each time Kathy slammed into her. 

Kathy smiled at me, "Honey, can't you do something to muffle those moans, like filling her throat with your cock."

I moved around, and Gail raised up a little... giving me room to slip under her until my mouth was just below her clit. It was erect and protruded out just above the toy.

Before I could make contact with the hot little button, Gail completely took my breath away when she sucked my cock into her mouth, and on down her throat. 

It took me a second to regain control and not shoot a load of cum down Gail's throat. 

I sucked her hard clit into my mouth. Knowing how she enjoyed some pain, I bit down hard. 

Gail jammed her pussy into my mouth, and I heard her scream as she flooded my face with a shower of her hot woman juice.

Gail collapsed on top of me, and I could hear Kathy moaning as the back of the toy rubbed against her clit, bring her to her own orgasm

Kathy pulled the dildoes out of Gail's ass and pussy. 

Gail rolled over on her side, then I set up, and turned toward Kathy. 

She started laughing then turned and ran to the bathroom. She was back in a second with the glass that held Gail's pussy juice.

Kathy laughed and told me I had Gail's cum all over my face. She started licking my chin and up the left side of my face and spitting it in the glass. Gail moved to my right side and started doing the same.

Once they had cleaned my face to their satisfaction, Kathy took the harness off, replaced the double dildo with the hole in one, placing the dildo on the top. 

We all laughed when Kathy told Gail, "Do the Doggy Baby, you're gonna get another double." 

Gail positioned herself on the edge of the bed. 

Kathy was very liberal with the lube on Gail's asshole and pussy. 

I had the harness all tightened up and ready to go by the time Kathy turned to me. 

She was just as liberal with the lube on my cock and the toy. 

Kathy moved around to a 69 position with Gail, "I want a close-up look as you go into her pussy and ass."

Gail called back over her shoulder, "Ram me hard Mushroom, split me open. 

I aligned the toy and my cock, got a firm grip on Gail's hips and lunged forward. When the harness slapped against Gail's ass, I just held it there. 

Gail was using her amazing vaginal muscles to massage my cock. 

The sensation was so overwhelming I was tempted not to move at all. 

Kathy told me, "Fuck her hard Baby... she'll love that." 

I heard Gail, "YES, YES, Frank, please fuck me hard."

I started slamming my cock in and out of her pussy while the dildo was doing the same in her asshole. She would let out a little cry every time I hit bottom. 

Both women hit their peak at the same time, they humped, moaned, groaned and cum in each other's mouth. 

When I told them I was about to cum, Kathy shouted, No, hold it," 

Gail lunged forward, causing my cock and the toy to slips out of her.

"What the hell," I ask? 

Kathy said, "You're gonna cum in my pussy while Gail fucks your ass, that's what."

I started removing the harness as Gail took the cum soaked toy in her mouth and sucked it clean. She picked up the glass and spit the juice in it, then did the same with my cock. 

Kathy placed the long dildo in the harness and helped Gail adjust it. 

Kathy fell back on the bed, opened her legs, and used two fingers to spread her pussy lips.

Gail moved up and covered my asshole with the lube. She showed no mercy as she forced three fingers up my hole. She moved it around a little then pushed me forward, causing me to slide my rock hard cock into Kathy's waiting pussy.

Kathy wrapped her legs my hips, holding me in place as Gail aligned the toy cock with my shit hole and pushed in, causing the head of the toy to slip past my sphincter, and deep into my anal passage. 

The toy wasn't the biggest thing that had ever been in my ass, but it was the longest. 
