 NOTICE: The party continues with a few little surprises add along the way. ONCE AGAIN, I would caution readers this chapter also includes some controversial sex acts. If you are offended by M/M, F/F, fisting, oral, anal, group sex, cum swallow/swapping/water sports, this is not the story for you. PLEASE NOTE: The ages of the characters in sexual activities range for 18 to almost 70 years old. If this bothers you, this may not be the story for you. 

THANK EVERYONE FOR THEIR INPUT AND VOTES.

****************************

Al asked, "How about we take a break and get a little something to eat and drink?"

I heard Amie laugh as she said, "Daddy... Mom and I are eating just as hard as we can." 

Everyone laughed as we began to get ourselves together. 

**************************** 

All of us except Al and Helga moved over to the large tables near the pool. 

Al and Helga went into the house and returned shortly with a couple of bottles of wine, glasses and a tray of sandwiches.

We didn't bother to set down. Instead, we all poured a glass of wine and selected one of the sandwiches. We just talked and mingled, the topics of conversation varied from how other family members were doing to what we liked sexually. 

After a couple glasses of wine, most of the conversation had turned strictly to sex. 

Patty let it be known she liked a good, hard cock but she loved playing with women. She also admitted that she was a real cum and piss freak, and she liked both anywhere on her or in her

I told Maggie I was amazed at what Morgan was doing to her pussy. 

Maggie laughs, "It takes a lot to fill up my old pussy, and I defiantly have a big pussy and asshole. I can take all of Walter in either hole, and I can also get most of his cock down my throat, but only for a short time."

I had a burning question and thought this would be the perfect time to ask, "Walter, can you tell me how all this got started with your family and how the other families became involved?"

Walter looked around the room, and I noticed Al and Brad give him the nod. 

"It all started in the Old Country. Brad's family and mine have a similar history. Our ancestors are from the same country, and they were mostly farmers, living in small communities. They were hard working people, and sex was one of the few pleasures they had. It was very common to share sexual favors with other family members and family members of the few neighbors they had. When they migrated to this country, they just continued doing what they had always done."

Walter stopped talking just long enough for Morgan to get a new bottle of wine from the kitchen and make a round, filling our glasses.

"Al got here by a little different road. His Dad walked out on him, his Mom and two sisters when he was about ten years old, leaving them to fend for themselves. A few months later he walked in on his sisters eating each other's pussy and convinced then it would be an excellent idea to allow him to join them. A short time later they were able to recruit their Mom to join them to make it a family affair."

"So Al, you have two sisters, are they still involved in the sexual activities," I asked. 

He smiled, "Yes, I have two beautiful, loving sisters, you and Kathy will get to meet them later."

Helga spoke up next, "My ancestry was much like Walter's and Brad's, but Al wasn't aware of that when we met and started dating. We dated, fell in love and were enjoying each other sexually before either of us found out about the other's family secret. One night after several glasses of wine and some heavy making out I let it slip that I often fantasized about his younger sister, Ginger when we were having sex. We had a tell all discussion after that, and the rest is history."

Brad said he had grown up with a sexually open family and had always enjoyed it. He also said he and Patty both enjoyed group sex, and he enjoys anal, giving and receiving.

Amie and Morgan both said they didn't care for a public show of sex, but they were up for anything in private, the wilder, the better.

Walter looked at Kathy and me, "If you have any more questions, now would be a good time to ask then while all of are here together." 

Kathy and I both admitted we didn't know what our limits were, but we were having lots of fun finding out. I said that we did have one little thing we would like clarified. "We have heard all the labels, gay, lesbian, bi-sexual, homosexual, and many others like a slut, pervert, sexual freak and we wonder which category would be correct for people like us?"

I was taken aback when everyone except Kathy started laughing.

Walter raise his hand, and everyone stopped laughing. 

"Frank, Kathy, we are not laughing at you. We are laughing because, at some time in our lives, each one of us has asked ourselves the same question. I think we have all come to the same conclusion. The answer to your question is, NONE OF THE ABOVE. We all mostly share the same likes and dislikes sexually. We consider ourselves SEXUAL OPEN, but we have certain things that we hold sacred. Age of participation, being discreet, making sure NO ONE EVER DOES ANYTHING AGAINST THEIR WILL, and as we have done in your case, we always making sure that a fertile woman is impregnated by the person of her choice. Now, for the freaky part. Many people have an intense dislike for things such as cum sharing, pee play, or what is often called watersports and our little cocktail mixtures. These are things we have found over the years excite us, turns us on and does not cause any harm. I think that is how all of us in OUR FAMILY feel about putting people in different categories. If any of us chooses not to participate in any of the above, everyone else honors and respect that."

Walter looked at us, waiting to see if we had any more questions.

I looked at Kathy, and we started smiling at each other, "Question asked, questioned answered, I guess we're in the right place Baby," I said as I put my arms around Kathy and pulled her close to me.

Al walked over to the table, poured himself another glass of wine then turn to face the group, "This is a real melting pot of sexual appetites. Frank and Kathy, you are the very first people Helga, and I have ever invited to one of our gatherings that were not from a sexually open family. We all had discussed it at length before we made a decision. Now that you have seen some of the key people involved, both of you must know how much we trust you. That being said, we all hope you both will feel free to test your boundaries and expand your sexual horizons."

Everyone was looking at me, waiting for me to respond. 

"We both understand what you're saying, and it's an honor to be here and to know you trust us that much. I can assure you... we will never betray your trust. Kathy and I have talked about the direction we want to go as a couple, we both agree, this is something we both want. She is the bold, aggressive one, but I'm doing the best I can to catch up."

Patty raised her glass in a toast, "Here's to the good times we have had and the ones we are going to have." 

We all raised our glasses in agreement then took a sip of the wine. 

Kathy had that naughty little smile on her face as she walked over to Patty. She gave Patty a passionate kiss on the lips then reached up and took Patty's half-filled wine glass from her hand.

Kathy turned so we could all see what she was doing. She used two fingers to open her lips, and then placed the glass up next to her pussy. 

We could all see as her yellow stream of piss splashed into the glass, filling it to the top. 

Kathy placed two fingers over her little piss hole to stop the flow. 

As she handed the glass back to Patty, Amie rushed up and put her almost empty glass up to Kathy's pussy.

Kathy moved her finger, and the flow continued until Amie's glass was almost full. 

Kathy faced the two women, took hold of their wrist and lifted the glasses to their lips. 

Both women smiled as they each took a big mouth full, and then swallowed.

Kathy pulled Amie's and Patty's glass to her lips and took a big swallow from each one. 

Helga moved over to Amie for a drink from her glass, and Morgan did the same with Patty.

Al asks, "What about the rest of us, don't we get a treat?" 

Maggie spoke up, "You bet your sweet ass you do, and I have about a gallon ready to go. The question is, do you want it with wine or neat. 

All the men lined up, poured a little wine in our glasses and placed it up to Maggie's dripping pussy.

She quickly filled our glasses to the top. 

Al gave a toast to all the women and the four of us quickly drained our glasses.

All this was such a turn on there was not a soft cock or dry pussy in the group. 

Walter was not quite as rigid as the other men were. He said age had a lot to do with that. It was still, by far the largest cock there.

Kathy stepped up next to Walter and attempted to wrap her hand around his shaft. She asked if Walter and Maggie would mind if she tried to get it in her mouth. 

They both laughed, and Maggie told her she could try anything she wanted, but not to be disappointed if she couldn't get in her mouth.

Maggie asks Kathy if it would be okay to give her a few pointers. 

Kathy told her. "Hell no, I need all the advice I can get."

Maggie told her, "Start by put plenty of lube on it. Then open your mouth as wide as you can, cover your teeth with your lips, go slow and just let his cock slide into your mouth as far as you can get it. Try to relax your mouth a little; then you can try to get more of his cock in your mouth.

Kathy did just as Maggie had told her but she could only manage to get just past the head. 

Maggie told Kathy that was far better than most who tried it and she should be proud of herself.

Kathy asks, "Maggie, how can you suck a cock that big." 

Maggie laughed, "Honey, I'm what they call a size queen, and I have the pussy, asshole, and mouth to handle it."

Kathy looked in amazement, first at Maggie, then at Walter's cock. "No way, how the hell could you get anything that big inside of you?"

Maggie smiled, "I understand you know what a sexual hat trick is. Well, I can do it with Walter in any one of my holes while two other cocks are my other holes." 

Kathy continued to look back and forth between Maggie and Walter's cock. Then she reached down and attempted to wrap her hand around Walter's cock, and looked back at Maggie, "Show me, let me watch you take that much meat at one time."

Maggie licked her lips, "Damn Honey... I thought you would never ask. I'll need a little help getting loosened up. I'll let the women do that and save the men for the good stuff later.

Kathy had no idea what she was talking about, but Helga, Amie, and Morgan did and seemed to be very excited about getting the chance to help. 

Helga opened another bottle of the lube as Maggie laid down on one of the pool loungers. 

Amie and Megan helped her slip a lounge cushion under her hips, allowing better access to her pussy and asshole.

As Helga and Patty moved over to join the girls Maggie ask Kathy, "Honey, do you mind if I use your man's big headed cock to loosen up my throat?" 

It was as though Kathy was in a trance as she nodded her approval. Kathy had moved around to the end of the lounger to get a better look at whatever was about to take place. 

Maggie motioned for me to move closer. When I was close enough, she reached out, wrapped her hand around my scrotum, and gently pulled me over next to her.

Helga poured a palm full of the lube then applies it from the base of my cock, up the shaft and around the head. Her hand was warm, and the lube made my cock very slick.

Helga kissed me on the cheek then whispered in my ear, "When Maggie pulls your beautiful cock to her mouth, jam it all the way in and fuck her hard and fast, she loves that.

Helga guided my cock as Maggie pulled me forward by my scrotum. As my cock touched Maggie's lips, Helga used her other hand to give me a hard push causing my cock to go ball deep down Maggie's throat.

A loud moan escaped Maggie. She moved her hand from my scrotum and placed both hands on my ass cheeks. Maggie was controlling my movement by tightening and relaxing the grip on my cheeks. 

I was fucking her mouth harder and faster than any pussy I had ever had. 

I look to my left to see Kathy, with her mouth and eyes wide open in amazement. 

Amie had Maggie's left leg over her shoulder, and I could see that she has her entire hand buried in Maggie's pussy.

Morgan had Maggie's right leg over her shoulder and though I couldn't see it, I knew she had part or all of her hand fucking in and out of Maggie's ass.

Brad and Al were standing next to Kathy. 

Patty was kneeling between the two men, alternating between sucking one cock while jacking the other. 

Helga was still standing beside me watching all the activity. She kissed me on the cheek then whispered, "Jam your cock in her throat, hold it there and rotate your hips around. You'll have to stop soon, and she would love a good grinding before you pull out.

Following Helga's instructions, I placed my hand on the back of Maggie's head, shoved my cock into the back of her throat and rotated my hips around as hard as I could. 

Maggie opened her mouth as wide as she could and used her throat muscles to fuck my cock. This only lasted a short time before Helga pulled me back until my rigid cock slipped out of Maggie's mouth.

Helga told me, "Come look, see what the girls are doing to Maggie's pussy and ass. 

I walked around next to Kathy and looked down to see Amie and Morgan fucking their hands in and out of Maggie's ass and pussy like synchronized pistons.

Kathy never took her eyes off the action as she said, "Can you believe this, a whole hand in her ass and pussy? 

Helga stepped up beside the girls, "You girls pull out of Maggie and let Frank see what her gaping holes looks like."

Both girls looked up at me, gave me a big smile then pulled their hands out of Maggie's holes. 

Both her pussy and ass was gaped open wide enough I could see up inside both passages. 

Maggie let out a long moan of pleasure as the girls shoved their hands back wrist deep into her pussy and ass at the same time.

Kathy gasped and dropped to her knees. 

Helga told Kathy that the girls had her almost ready, and then asks if Kathy would like to fist Maggie before she changed positions. 

"YES, HELL YES! Can I do both holes at the same time?"

Helga covers both of Kathy's hands up to her wrist with the lube. 

I could tell Kathy was very nervous but excited as she moved closer.

Both girls continued to hold onto Maggie's legs but pulled their hands out. 

Kathy placed her hands at each of Maggie's holes, twisted them around a couple of time, and then slowly pushed a hand into her ass, following imminently with her other hand in Maggie's pussy. 

Maggie moaned, "Oh yes Baby, open my holes up good so I can get all these big cocks inside and milk the cum out of them...

All this activity was exciting Kathy so much I'm sure she had reached at least one good orgasm before she pulled her dripping hands out of Maggie's pussy.

While Al and Brad helped Maggie get up off the lounger, Amie, Morgan, Kathy and I were busy licking cleaning the dripping wet hands and fingers that had been in Maggie's holes.

Maggie told us where she wanted everyone and a step by step of what she would like to do. 

Walter laid on his back, on the lounger. 

Helga and Patty helped Maggie straddled Walter's massive cock and started a slow decent until they were pubic hair to pubic hair. 

We all gathered in close to watch the penetration of her pussy. 

Maggie leaned a little forward and asked if I would shove that big mushroom head up her ass.

Helga applied more lube to my cock and then to Maggie's ass. 

Kathy and Patty helped keep me steady as I straddled Walter's legs. 

Brad pulled Maggie's ass cheeks wide apart as Helga aligned my cock with her gaping asshole.

Helga looked at me, her eyes sparkling with excitement and said, "Ram it in Frank, and fuck her fat ass as hard as you can." 

I pushed hard, causing my cock to go all the way in with one thrust. I held it there for just a second. I could feel Walter's cock through the thin layer of tissue that separated the two passages 

Maggie took Al in her mouth while Amie and Morgan started sucking her sagging tits. 

Kathy and Pattie continued to help support me as I took Maggie by the hips and started fucking her ass hard. I realized while I was fucking her ass, I was also jacking Walter's cock through the thin tissue at the same time.

As great as it was fucking Maggie's ass like this, it was also physically exhausting. I knew, even with Kathy and Patty's help, I couldn't hold out much long. 

I noticed Amie and Morgan as they stopped sucking Maggie's tits, moved back, and started watching me fuck Maggie's asshole. 

Brad walked up behind Morgan, his hard cock bobbing up and down in front of him. She turned around, dropped to her knees and started hungrily sucking Brad's hard cock. 

Helga stepped up behind Kathy and told me, "Okay Mr. Mushroom, time to take a break. Brad's going to take your place."

As I pulled out, I heard Maggie and Walter both let out a little sigh of pleasure. 

With Kathy and Patty's helping, I moved out of the way as Amie and Morgan assisted Brad as he assumed his position. 

Al had a double handful of Maggie's hair, holding her head in place as he fucked her mouth. He was wet with sweat and breathing heavy. He pulled his cock back until only the head was in Maggie's mouth as he dumped his load of hot, thick cum into her mouth. 

Helga and Patty moved over by Al's side. 

As soon as he pulled out of Maggie's mouth, Helga leaned in and started licking at his balls. 

She licked her way up to the head of his cock then took his cock into her mouth, sucking it clean.

Maggie turned to face Patty, and I expected them to kiss. Instead, Maggie opened her lips slightly and allowed a small line of cum to leak out of her mouth and run down to her chin.

Patty quickly moved over and licked the cum from Maggie's chin then licked up and across her lips. 

Then Patty turned to me, stuck her tongue out, showing me a thin layer of cum on it. She smiles at me as she pulled her tongue back in her mouth and swallowed.

Kathy was kneeling on the other side of Patty. She was squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples as she watched everything going on around her.

Maggie motioned for Kathy to follow Patty and repeat the same thing. 

Kathy followed Patty's lead and pulled her tongue up Maggie's chin and across her lips. 

Kathy turned to me with her cum coated tongue sticking out of her mouth. 

I sucked her tongue into my mouth, then we pushed our tongues back and forth, sharing the small amount of Al's cum.

I watched as Patty handed Maggie a large Hi-ball glass. I laughed to myself as I thought, "Looks like we're going to have another original cocktail late.

Maggie lifted the glass to her lips and spat most of Al's cum in it. She swished the remaining cum around in her mouth, then spat the mixture of her saliva and Al's cum in the glass. 

It was evident Maggie, Walter and Brad were about to reach their peak. 

Brad was relying on Amie and Morgan to help him stay in place. 

He was holding onto Maggie's ass cheeks, head tilted back, mouth open and let out a loud grunt each time he slammed into her asshole.

Walter was soaking wet with sweat. His face was red and every time Brad shoved his cock into Maggie's asshole; Walter would moan.

Brad started, "OH YEAH! OH YEAH! OH, OH SHIT YES." At the same time, we could hear Maggie, "HARDER! FUCK ME HARDER; FILL MY ASS WITH YOUR HOT, AAAAAHHHHHHH YES."
