 CAUTION READERS: Once again, I would advise readers. This chapter does cover quite a variety of sexual activities. While there is romance, we may also have incest, young female/old male, anal, oral, ass to mouth, pussy to mouth, M/F, F/F, M/M, group sex. Water sports, cum/pee swallowing. While this is very erotic to many, some readers may be offended by such activity. If that applies to you, I would suggest you not read any further. Thank you for your input and constructive criticism. Also, thank all of you who took the time to vote.

*****************

How weird can it get

It was about 6:30 PM when I pulled in our drive. I noticed the light blinking on the answering machine as we entered the den. It showed seven calls recorded. The second message was from Nancy, my ex-wife's mother, asking me to call her. All the others were for either Cindy or Beth, asking us to call as soon as we got the message.

Kathy dialed Cindy's number then put the phone on speaker. 

Cindy answered, and when she realized it was Kathy she started talking non-stop, "Where the hell have you two been, we've been calling since noon. Never mind, we're coming over and don't say NO. We need to talk, and this won't wait. Beth and Paul are here, and we'll be there in about twenty minutes."

Kathy and I were smiling at Cindy's excitement. Kathy asks if the kids were also coming. 

Cindy told her Mark, her oldest son, would be in charge, and the kids would be okay with him.

As soon as Cindy hung up, I told Kathy I would call Nancy while we were waiting for the others to get there. 

I took a minute to explain my relationship with Nancy. Although I didn't get along with Peggy, Nancy and I had always been the best of friends, and she was like a mother to me.

The phone only rang once before Nancy said, "Hello," I could detect the stress in her voice. 

"Nancy, this is Frank, what's wrong Sweetie." 

I could tell Nancy was crying, "Frank, I'm so sorry to bother you, but I need some help."

Nancy quickly explained the problem she was having with Peggy and THE ASSHOLE (Kathy's ex-husband, Phillip). She told me she wanted to get away from both of them. She was going to give Peggy her house and a little money and she wanted to move somewhere else and get the hell away from them forever.

I told her I would help any way I could, but I needed to tell her, I was involved with someone, and we were living together. 

There was total silence for a couple of seconds, and then Nancy said she was sorry she had called, she sure didn't want to cause me any problems.

I told her it was not a problem; I just wanted to let her know I was going to put her on the speaker so both of us could listen to what she had to say.

I brought Kathy up to date on what Nancy had told me so far, then switched over to the speaker. 

Kathy said, "Hello Nancy, this is Kathy. We'll do anything we can to help you." 

Nancy asks Kathy if she knew her daughter. 

Kathy looked at me, and I nodded that it was okay to tell her.

"Yes, Nancy, I know Peggy, THE ASSHOLE is my ex-husband," Kathy said as she laughed a little. 

There was silence again. Then Kathy said, "No Honey, Frank and I were not involved when he and Peggy were together."

"Enough about Kathy and me, let's talk about you and what you need to do. What do you have in mind and what can we do to help?" 

Nancy quickly told us she wanted to relocate and get the hell away from the mess there. She asks if it would make us uncomfortable if she relocated to our town. If it didn't bother us would we help her find an apartment or small house in or around Summerville? 

I ask if she was okay financially. She laughed and told me she was, and she would explain all that later. 

Kathy whispered, "Ask if we can call her back in a few minutes. I need to talk with you."

When I asked her, Nancy told us she would be waiting for our call.

I wondered what Kathy wanted to talk about, and I was very surprised at what she had to say. 

"Frank, you told me this woman was like a Mother to you. Did you mean that?" 

I told Kathy I did feel that way, that Nancy was everything that her daughter was not.

"If it was, in fact, you Mother what would you do right now?" 

I thought for a second, and then told Kathy, "I would call and tell her to come and stay with us until she decided what she wanted to do."

Kathy just smiled and said, "WELL, what are you waiting for, CALL HER, see what we need to do to get her here."

The phone was half way through the first ring when Nancy answered. 

I told her she was on the speaker again, and we were both there. I ask her how much she would have to move and when she could be ready.

"Oh good, you've found a place already, that's just great. I can take whatever I want, but the only things I would like to keep is my bedroom suit and some of my fine China. I'll have to find a mover, but I can be ready to go by Tuesday if that's not too soon. Is it an apartment or a house?"

"Nancy, this is Kathy, Frank and I want you to come here and stay with us and just take your time to decide what you would like to do in the long term. We know what it's like to be unhappy, and we now know what it's like to be happy, and we want you to be happy."

"I ah I, I just can't do that to you guys. It just wouldn't be right." 

"Kathy and I don't agree, we have the room, and you can come and go as you please. If you find a place you like, you can move. Until then, you can stay right here. 

"We'll have someone call you. They will pack up your things and move them for you. The only thing we need to know, what would like to have for dinner Tuesday night?"

"I love you Frank and you too Kathy, you've got to be a good woman." 

"Frank and I love you too Nancy, and I'm looking forward to meeting you.

As soon as I hung up with Nancy, I made a quick call to Dan Brewer and told him I thought I remembered him mentioned something about having some friends in the trucking business. 

He said he did, so I told him what I needed. He said not to worry about it, that she would be at my house Tuesday afternoon, then he added, "Frank, you and Kathy are good people, we love you guys. I thanked him and hung up just as the doorbell rand.

Kathy smile, "That would be Cindy and crew." 

When I open the door, Cindy came rushing in, followed by Shawn, Beth, and Paul.

"Where the hell have you two been, we've been calling since noon and no answer." 

I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing when Kathy replied. "We were our eating and drinking with some other friends. By the way, I pregnant." 

I could tell Cindy was so wound up she didn't pick up on what Kathy had told her. "We were just having a fit to tel...tell. Did you just say you're pregnant?"

Everyone except Cindy started laughing. 

Kathy nodded, "I've got a baby growing right here in my belly," she said with a big smile.

Cindy turned to Kathy, pulled her into a big huge, then leaned down and kissed Kathy on the stomach, "Hey little baby, I'm your Aunt Cindy. We're all here waiting for you. You hurry up and kick Mommy so she'll know how ready you are to get out and meet all us."

"Aunt Cindy, that would make you my sister" Kathy said. 

Cindy hugged her again, "You know you and Beth are like sisters to me, and you know Beth feels the same way."

Kathy looked at me with that wicked little smile as she told Cindy, "So, that would make it incest when we have sex, RIGHT?"

I don't think I had ever seen Cindy blush until Kathy made that statement, but it looked like her whole body turned a bright crimson color.

I looked around the room at each of them. I was that Beth was a little red-faced, and everyone was so quiet I don't think they were even breathing.

I decided someone needed to say something, "Okay you guys, what the hell's going on here.

Cindy regained her composure, "Well, Ah, Ahhh, you both know about Allison (a co-worker) had invited the four of us to a house party. We went prepared to stay the night if things worked out. Allison and Brent met us at the door and showed us where we could undress, and then introduce us to some of the other guests. We found a table and it wasn't long before a young couple asks if they could set with us. We welcomed them, and they got right to the point. The guy, Norm, ask if we had a problem having sex with younger people. We all agreed that we didn't."

Kathy asks, "Just how young were they?"

Cindy blushed again, "We didn't ask at first, but they looked to be in their early twenties. They hadn't been at our table long when an older couple came over and started talking with Norm and Tess. They introduced themselves as Wes, and Anne, and asked if they could join us also. We welcomed them, and they told us they were regulars at the house party 

I was curious, so I asked, "When you say the older couple, just how old were they?"

Cindy looked at the others, "We all thought them to be late fifty to early sixties. The four of us were excited about it. We thought we had the best of both worlds. Youth on one side and experience on the other. We discussed our likes and dislikes and Wes filled us in on some of the rules. The large open area near us was for exhibitionists who like to do strip shows, have public sex or voyeurs. The other rooms have a simple rule, if the door is open, you are welcome to come in and ask if you can join in. If the door is closed, it's a private party." 

"So, which way did you go, open or closed," Kathy asked.

"We talked it over and decided eight was enough at one time, so we chose private with the door closed. We also agreed bi-sexual play was okay. Wes told us that the unspoken rule was any time you did anal you would use a condom."

"I assume you all found a room and started getting on with it. So, what's the big secret here" Kathy asked.

Cindy was blushing again as she looked at the others. When they nodded their agreement, Cindy continued. "We all started a little slow, kissing, feeling, then a little licking and sucking. Things moved on quickly, and it wasn't long before we were eating pussy, sucking cock and fucking. There was some oral contact between Wes, Anne, Norm, and Tess. We were all moving around hooking up with different ones. Tess was really turned on. She had mounted Shawn and was sucking Paul's cock while Wes was eating my pussy. It was as though the passion completely consumed her. I don't think she realized what she was saying, but we all heard her loud and clear. She was saying, Oh fuck, I'm hot, I need one more, I want someone in my ass. Then she asked, "Cindy, can I borrow daddy to fuck my ass?"

"Oh shit," I said.

"Yes, that was about what we said. Everyone stopped except Tess, and she kept humping and sucking. Wes patted her on the back and told her to hold up. I think that is when she realized what she had said. Everyone just set up on the bed, and the four of us looked at the four of them. Anne was the one to speak up. I'm Anne, I'm 58 years old, this is my husband Wes, he's 61 years old, and this is our son Norm, he's 20 years old, and our daughter Tess is 18 years old. Only a few people here know how old they are. We have two other children, our older daughter, 28 years old and another son 26 years old, but they're not here tonight. She told us she was sorry for not telling us, but they knew a lot of people had hang-ups about the family things."

Cindy stopped talking as though she had said all she had to say.

Kathy looked at Cindy, "Damn Cindy, what happened next."

"Well, Wes put on a condom, added a little lube and fucked his daughter in the asshole while she fucked Shawn and sucked Paul. Anne and I got into a 69 position with me on top. I shared my pussy with Anne and Norm while Beth licked his ass and balls. We all changed around until everyone had done about everything to everyone else. Now, the truth is the more the four of us thought about the age and family thing, the hotter it makes us." 

Kathy and I looked at each other but knew we were not going to tell them about us doing that and more. 

I addressed all of them when I asked, "Is that what you were so anxious to tell us or is there more?"

Beth spoke up then," No, there's more. Anne, Cindy and I went to get us something to drink and run into Allison. She asked if we were staying the night and Anne told her we were. She asked if she and Brent could join us. When we got back to the room, we told the others about Allison's request and everyone quickly agreed."

Kathy asked again, "Ok, that sounds like a splendid time, but I feel like there is more, something none of you are telling us. Would you please tell us just what the fuck's bothering you?"

The four of them looked a little nervous, so I knew we were getting to the heart of the matter. 

Cindy asks, "Ah, aah... WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THAT?"

Kathy laughed, "What do we think about what? Damn Cindy; you said I was like your sister. If that's the case, what is all this hum-haw shit? Tell us what you have on your fucking minds."

Cindy looked like she was deep in thought, then took a deep breath and asked, "What do you think about parents having sex with their siblings?"

Kathy was smiling when she nodded at me to answer the question. 

I needed to be careful about how I answered her question. Kathy and I had already been in a similar situation, but I knew Cindy was asking what we would do if it were our kids.

"Cindy, we don't have children yet, so I can only tell you what I think we would do. If you are talking about pushing kids into having sex, not just with their parents but with other siblings, I would say that is about as wrong as a person can do. If you are asking if I would teach and share things I know with my children, including sexual knowledge, I would say yes. If they asked a question, I would try to answer as honest and truthful as I could. I also think, what works for one family, may not work for another. Now, tell us what you guys are struggling with?"

Paul spoke up for the first time. "Frank, you and Kathy know our kid, and you've known them long enough to know they are good kids. I guess seeing them every day... we didn't realize how much they've grown up. Shawn and Cindy have three children, the older son, Mark, is twenty-one, Lynn is almost twenty, and Lynn, the youngest just turned eighteen years old. We have two kids. Our daughter, Elisabeth, is nineteen, and our son, Paul Junior, or PJ, just turned eighteen years old. He is about two months older than Lynn. For the past two or three months, every time we go away for a weekend they ask a lot of question when we get home. They ask if we had a lot of fun, are we tired, how Shawn and Cindy are doing, and their kids ask the same about us. They're giggling and snickering the whole time. When they are together, they're whispering and laughing all the time, like they know something they're not telling us."

I asked, "How do you guys feel about the sex thing and what do you plan to do?"

Paul said, "I guess you could say we have already started talking about it. First, about how much we had enjoyed our time with Wes and his family. Then, when we returned home, Mark started by asking if we had a nice trip and hoped we had a good time. All the kids were there and started snickering when Mark asks the question. Shawn asked him where he thought we had been and what he thought we were doing. You could tell it put Mark on the spot but not so for his youngest sister, Lynn. Little Cindy Junior popped up and said they all thought we had been out having sex with other people. I guess we just put everything on hold, and we are here because you're our friends, and we just need some input from someone outside our immediate family." 

Everyone was silent for a few minutes, and then Kathy asks, "One by one can you tell us how you feel about this."

Cindy turned and whispered something to Shawn. He nodded then Cindy said," We have a dark secret that we have only shared with each other until now. Before I met Shawn, I was living at home. My older brother was in college at the time but was home most weekends. There is a lot of details, but long story short, it ended up that part of my eighteenth birthday gift was him and I having sex. It became a regular thing when he was home. We experimented and tried a lot of different things together. We even had a threesome several times with his girlfriend. I'll have to tell you, I enjoyed it and even though he's dead now he still has a special place in my heart, and it's more than just a sister/brother thing."

Shawn said, "I'm just as guilty, only it was with my Mother. It started about a year after my Dad left my Mom for a younger woman. I could tell you that it continued until Cindy and I were married, but since we're all being so truthful, I should tell you that the sex with my Mother continued for about two more years. The only difference was it was now the three of us. She is also dead now but I still love her as my Mother and my lover.

Beth's face was a bright red by now as she walked over and put her arms around Cindy, "I guess we all have our little secrets, and it looks like we're kind of in the same boat."

Kathy moved over, put her arm around my waist, and said, "Okay, if I got this right, the four of you would consider discussing this sex thing with your kids and take it as far as they want to go, up to and including sex with you."

They all looked at each other, and one by one said, "YES." 

Kathy surprised me when she asked, "I know all five of the kids and when we have been out to a movie or for a burger they have always been very talkative with me. Would you like me to talk with them and see what they know and what they thinking they know? Frank can come along to give me some support if I need it."

Cindy laughed and told us she wasn't sure it would be safe to take me along because all the girls had a big crush on me.

Shawn thanked Kathy for the offer and told us he would keep it in mind, but he felt like they should try talking with the kids, and if Beth and Paul agreed, it might be better if they were all together.

They were getting ready to leave when Cindy come up with the question of the night. Tell me something, if we invited you to a sex party and you knew our kids were going to be involved, would you come?"

Kathy smiled, "You're a sneaky little bitch, aren't you? They are all over eighteen so we wouldn't be in any trouble there. So, if the kids all knew what was going on and they all agree to us being there, then the answer is YES."

We exchanged hugs and kisses, and they were out the door and gone. 

I asked Kathy if she would be pissed if we just took a shower, went to bed and cuddle. 

She said she loved the idea, so to the shower and then to bed it was. 

I fell asleep spooned behind Kathy, but instead of my hand on her tit, where it usually was, it was on her stomach where our baby was.

The next morning, we were both sore and tender in several places, but a hot shower and a quick breakfast helped a lot. 

We were out of the house and on our way to work a little early. 

As we passed the road that turned to Kathy's house, there was a car at the stop sign. 

They blew the horn as we passed and I looked to see it was Brad and Patty. 

We both wondered what they were doing out that way this early in the morning. They were not due to move in until next week.

They followed us to the parking lot and pulled in beside up. 

Patty met us at the back of the car with a big smile and asked, "Are you two having as much trouble as we are moving about this morning. 

We laughed and told her it was better now than it was when we first got up.

Brad joined us as Patty handed Kathy a sheet of paper. It was a draft of the R.S.V.P invitation for our wedding. She told us if we approved she would make copies and see that they were pass out today before she headed home.
