 CAUTION READERS: Once again, I would advise readers. This chapter does cover quite a verify a sexual activates. While there is romance, we may also have incest, young female/old male, anal, oral, ass to mouth, pussy to mouth, M/F, F/F, M/M, group sex. Water sports, cum/pee swallowing. While this is very erotic to many, some readers may be offended by such activity. If that applies to you, I would suggest you not read any further. Thank you for your input and constructive criticism. Also, thank all of you who took the time to vote.

*************

Birds of a Feather, Chapter 12 (a new Mom for Kathy and Frank and they had a talk with the kids)

************* 

When we arrived home, there was a small box truck backed in the drive and a car parked in front of it.

When we pulled in the drive, two men stepped out of the truck, and Nancy stepped out of her car. 

We walked around to the back of the cars as Nancy slowly walked towards us, looking down at the ground, until she was about three feet away. 

Kathy said, "Welcome home Nancy."

Nancy looked up, tears streaming down her cheeks, then she rushed into our waiting arms. 

We just stood and held her until she calmed down a little. 

Kathy kissed her on the cheek then told her to follow her. They were going to look at her room and decide where everything needed to go.

The two men started unloading boxes and were ready to set the furniture off by the time Kathy and Nancy returned.

The men stacked boxes marked, bedroom, on the dolly and we all followed Kathy into the house. 

The two women told the men where each item went

They said. "Just relax, and we will take care of everything." 

The three of us headed for the kitchen where Kathy poured us a glass of wine, and we set at the table and engaged in small talk while the men finished unloading. 

They brought three boxes into the kitchen and Kathy poured them a glass of tea and us another glass of wine.

About thirty minutes later one of the men come and ask us if we would come check the bedroom to be sure they had everything in the correct place. 

When we walked into the room and looked around, Nancy started crying again. Everything was in place, even the bed was made, and the cover turned back.

Nancy and Kathy give both young men a big hug. 

They smiled and asked, "Does this mean we did okay?"

I followed them to the truck and offered them a hundred-dollar tip. 

They both thanked me but told me they wouldn't take it. One of the men said, "Mr. Howard, we've been well paid for what we've done today, but the fact is, you and Dan are good friends, and we would gladly have done this free of charge.

I quickly moved both cars and waved as the truck pulled away, then pulled the cars back in the drive.

When I return to the kitchen, Kathy and Nancy were sitting side by side at the table, and Kathy was filling in some of the blanks about us for Nancy. They were holding hands and looked like they were involved in a mother, daughter discussion. 

When they were through talking, I asked Nancy if she would be okay here by herself if Kathy and I rode to the restaurant to pick up some take out for dinner. 

She smiled and told us she would be okay.

I called a place near our house and ordered stakes with all the trimmings. 

As soon as we pulled out of the drive, Kathy asked why I had wanted her to come with me instead of staying there with Nancy.

I told her I wanted to give Nancy a little time alone to adjust to her new home. 

Kathy smiled as she slid over beside me and placed my hand on her stomach. 

The food was ready when we arrived at the restaurant. I added a bottle of wine to the order, and then we were on our way back home.

I pulled in the drive, grabbed the bags of food and the wine, then went in the house.

I glanced into the kitchen but didn't see Nancy. We walked across the den and turned to go down the hall. 

Kathy and I both stopped dead in our tracks as we saw Nancy coming down the hall toward us, stark naked, except for the towel she was trying to wrap around her wet hair. 

She was looking down as she tried to tuck the towel in at the back of her head.

Nancy was only about 5 feet away, and I was about to speak when she looks up and saw us standing there.

She screamed, jerked the towel off her head and attempted to cover herself. She moved from side to side, started to turn around, then changed her mind and just stood there, head dropped down, hands down by her side and started crying.

Kathy rushed over to her and took Nancy in her arms..." Sssshhhh, hush, hush sweet lady, everything is fine."

Nancy was trying to stop crying. "I, I'm, ah, damn Kathy, I'm so sorry, I didn't think you would be back this soon. I couldn't find my hair dryer so was going to your bathroom to see if I could find yours. I go without clothes a lot when I'm at home alone, and I didn't even think about you getting back this soon,"

Kathy put her hand under Nancy's chin and lifted her face until they were looking each other in the eyes. Kathy told her," Nancy, Honey, you are at home, you can do anything here that you did at your other house."

Nancy looked over Kathy's shoulder and as our eyes met. Nancy spoke in a very soft voice, "But Frank will see me, that would be so embarrassing. 

Kathy smiled, "Our Frank has a real eye for beauty, you should not be embarrassed, you are a lovely lady, and you are at home. We would both like you to do just as you did before."

Kathy had to tug hard but finally pulled the towel out of Nancy's hands, "Here, let me dry your hair a little for you." 

Kathy stood in front of Nancy as she started drying the front of her hair. 

I continued to stand where I was, not gawking but not turning away either. 

I was a little surprised, I had never thought of Nancy in a sexual way before but I had to agree with Kathy, she was a lovely lady.

Kathy slowly moved around behind Nancy, drying her hair with the towel as she went. Nancy was now standing before me, naked. She was looking down at the floor, but I was looking straight at her, still surprised at how attractive she was.

Slowly, she raised her head and looked me in the eyes. She was blushing a little but still managed a weak smile.

I said the first things that come to mind, "Why don't we move to the kitchen and eat this great meal before it gets cold,"

Before Nancy could respond Kathy said, "Great idea Frank, I'll finish drying Nancy's hair while you set the food out and pour us a glass of the new wine." 

Kathy continued with the towel as she gently pushed Nancy down the hall. Once in the kitchen, Kathy stopped at the end of the table and started running her fingers through Nance's hair, lifting it to help it air dry. 

I set the food on the table and turned my back to them, to get the knives, and forks out, then open the wine. 

I had just picked up the bottle when I heard Kathy ask Nancy, "Honey, we really want you to feel at home here, so going without your clothes is not a problem. I was just wondering if would you be more comfortable if Frank and I also took our clothes off?"

I almost dropped the bottle of wine, but I just kept fumbling with the opener, waiting for Nancy's response.

Everyone was silent for a few seconds, and then Nancy asked. "Is that what you usually do?"

Kathy said, "Yes, most of the time we do, we are very laid back and like to be comfortable at home, but Frank and I wouldn't want to do anything that makes you uncomfortable so we will leave it up to you."

Again, I waited for Nancy to answer and wondered what I would do if she said it was okay.

By the time I thought it, Nancy had said it, "Yes, it will take some getting used to but I think I would like that. You know I've not seen a naked man in over twenty years, but I promise, I'll try not to attack Frank, even though I've thought about many times."

She and Kathy laughed, and Kathy said, "I know the feeling, the only difference is, I do it." They both continued to laugh.

I could hear the ruffling of clothes behind me and knew Kathy was stripping. "Okay Mr. Howard, shuck them duds and let's eat," Kathy said as they both laughed again.

I thought, "What the hell, might as well join the party," I quickly kicked off my shoes, pulled off my shirt and dropped my pants and stepped out of then as I turned around.

Nancy inhaled quickly, Oh shit, it's beautiful," 

Kathy laughed, leaned down and kissed Nancy on the cheek, "Yes, it is honey, and I love it."

After the meal and most of the bottle of wine was gone, everyone was very relaxed. The women were sitting on one the side of the table, and I was on the other side. I wasn't aware of it, but I was staring at Nancy's 40-D tits that stood up extremely well for a woman of her age. 

She had her elbows on the table with her hands folded under her chin, but I could still see the globes fairly well. 

Kathy laughed and said, "Nancy, put your arms down Honey, Frank is trying to get a good look at your tits."

I could feel my face turning red, and Nancy was doing the same, but she was smiling as she placed her arms on the table and leaned back. "Damn Kathy; you make me feel so naughty." 

Kathy smiled, "That's okay Nancy, naughty can be fun, don't you think so?"

Nancy blushed a brilliant read and giggled, "Kathy, to tell you the truth, I actually don't remember, it's been so long since I was naughty but I do believe it was fun."

The wine had the three of us a little tipsy, but I think it was having more of an effect on Nancy than either Kathy or me. 

The women were doing most of the talking, and I was doing most of the looking. I was openly staring at the two sets of tits across the table from me. There was Kathy's firm set, with her erect nipples, which I had become so familiar with by now. Then, there was Nancy's nice round set of 40's, more rounded and sagged a little more than Kathy's but still a very pleasing sight, especially since I had never expected to see them.

We had finished the bottle of wine and Kathy offered to get another one. Before she could stand, Nancy told her she would get the wine. As she stood and walked slowly around the table, she was aware that both of us were checking her out.

I had seen Nancy many times over the years but never like this, but I sure liked what I saw. She now had salt and pepper colored hair. Though it was closely trimmed, I could tell that her pubic hair was a little more pepper than salt. She was about the same height as Kathy, a set of 40-D's with very erect nipples, a little tummy but still had a waistline that flowed into a set of well-rounded hips and a great looking set of cheeks. 

As she slowly walked passed me, I had a good view of a set of legs that a twenty-five-year-old would be proud to own.

Kathy and I both watched as Nancy open the refrigerator door, bent over at the waist giving us a great view of her nice round ass. She had her feet spread slightly apart, and we could see her inner labia protruding slightly past her outer labia.

It was like I was in a trance as I heard Kathy, "Oh, how fucking sexy." 

Nancy was smiling when she returned to the table. She walked up behind me and leaned over my shoulder, making sure one of her soft tits rested on my shoulder, as she filled my wine glass.

She moved to the other side and repeated the same with Kathy. Then she set down and filled her glass. 

I couldn't help but stair at every move she made. I heard a voice but wasn't aware it was directed at me.

Kathy spoke louder, "FRANK, what are you staring at?" That snapped me back to the present.

I just shook my head and smiled, "I'm sorry ladies, this is just such a different Nancy than I've ever seen before."

Nancy quickly responded as though she was expecting me to question the difference. 

"You're right Frank, and this is the Nancy I have wanted you to see from the first time I saw you. Even though you don't physically look like Peggy's Dad, so many things about you remind me of him. I had hope with all my heart that you two would know the love and sexual pleasures the two of us had known. It broke my heart when I saw it wasn't going to happen. I knew you were a kind and loving man and knew you were a very sexual person. I can't tell you how many times I considered offering myself to you because you were so sad and so lonely."

Kathy asked, "What kept you from making a move? Both of you were lonely and horny."

"He was my daughter's husband and what I wanted more than anything was for them to be happy, have baby's and make me a happy Grandmother. I could have gotten by on my sex toys and been satisfied with that, but it was not to be. My daughter wouldn't let it happen. Now, that's all in the past, and my Frank has a woman who loves him as much as he loves her."

Everyone was quite for a few seconds, then Kathy leaned over and kissed Nancy on the cheek, Nancy smiled and turned to face Kathy. Their eyes met, then their lips, in a soft tender kiss. Then they repeated the kiss, holding it a little longer this time. 

When they set back, Nancy let out a deep breath and fanned her hand in front of her face, "My, my, it's been a long time since I've done that.

Kathy and I looked at each other and smiled. Then Kathy asked, "Nancy, are you telling us that wasn't the first time you've kissed a woman like that."

Nancy took a big swallow of her wine, smiled at us and said, "I'm going to tell you somethings that I've never talked about since my husband was killed in the accident at his work. He and I were very much in love, just as you two are. We also had a very active sex life, which sometimes included other friends. We never thought of it as gay, lesbian or bi-sexual. We only thought of it as sharing sexual pleasures with each other and a few select friends. I may be way off base here, but I believe that you both know exactly what I mean."

Kathy placed her hand on Nancy's then said, "All that has happened between Frank and I was not planned at all. It just seems to happen. We had been good friends for a long time, but that was all. Then Peggy left Frank, later Jerry left me and I think we were two lost, horny souls that collided at the right time, and it was on from there.

Nancy said, "You know, when an old friend showed me the pictures of the two assholes (Peggy and Jerry), I wasn't upset at what they were doing. That is except for the dogs and all that shit play. They were not doing anything that I hadn't done in the past. What pissed me off was the fact that they both had someone at home that would love them and would enjoy most of the things they were doing and doing it behind your backs.

When Nancy mentioned "The Dogs." Kathy and I looked at each other with a questioned look. I shook my head, indicating to her not to say anything.

Then Kathy started smiling, and I could see the gleam in her eyes. I knew she was up to something. I just wasn't sure what it was.

She leaned over, kissed Nancy on the cheek, "Nancy, are you telling us that you like to eat pussy and suck cock?"

Nancy blushed and giggled, "Oh my, ah, ah, Yes, that and more and I think both of you do too. I should tell you, I'm so happy for both of you. I also need to tell you how pleasing it is to be here with you both but if it's going to cause you to change your lifestyle any at all, I'll move tomorrow."

Kathy first looked at me then at Nancy, "It will be up to Frank, but I'm going to suggest a change in our lifestyle and hope it will be alright with you."

Everything was quite for a few seconds, I knew there was more to come, but I had no idea what.

"Nancy, keep in mind you have to agree, and Frank will always have the final say on everything that happens here. He allows me to get away with a lot but if he says "NO" then that's final. Now, what I would propose is that the three of us have the freedom to do as we please if everyone agrees. What do you think of that?"

Nancy was looking me straight in the eyes when she asked, "Kathy, are you proposing THE THREE OF US be free to go naked, masturbate and have sex with each other as long as we all agree? 

Kathy was also looking at me as she nodded her head.

I laughed and asked, "Why are you two putting all this on me?"

Kathy laughs again then said, "Because you're my man, and I don't want to do anything you don't agree with, but I know you do agree. Your cock has been rock hard since you got a close look at Nancy's tits. You also know that you love her and just like me, you think she has been without long enough.

'First, let me say, this is not the Nancy I have known all these years. I never expected any of this, but I'll have to tell you both, this is like the Nancy I have always loved but now with benefits. I would leave it up to you ladies to call the shots, but I think I would be stupid as hell to say no." 

Nancy gives a weak little smile, "There's something I need to share with you. As you may know, lots of women my age have a problem with vaginal dryness."

Kathy spoke up, "Honey, that's not an issue, we have various liberations that will take care of that."

"No, you don't understand, it's just the other way around with me. I'm always a little damp, and when I get turned on, if I'm not wearing panties, I get so wet it will run down my thighs."

"NO SHIT" Kathy said as she reached over and ran her hands between Nancy's legs. Nancy jumped a little and smiled.

When Kathy pulled her hand out, her fingers were dripping wet with Nancy's juice. She tilted her head back, placed the fingers in her mouth and sucked them dry. She licked her lips as soon as she pulled her fingers out.

As she started back for the second time, Nancy opened her legs a little to give Kathy better access.

When she pulled out this time, she held her fingers over to my lips. I wasted no time sucking them into my mouth. I sucked and licked until I had cleaned all the juice Kathy's fingers. 

Nancy breathing was labored now, and I could tell she was getting turned on. She took Kathy by the wrist and pushed her hand back between her legs. I could see her working Kathy's hand back and forth several times. Nancy raised both legs up a little and began to moan. Then Nancy collapsed back in the chair. 

Kathy looked over at me, "I think she just cum, damn that was quick."

I stood and walked around the table. I reached down and slipped my hand between Nancy's legs. Kathy's fingers were still buried to the hilt in Nancy's pussy. I placed my hand under Kathy's to find a pussy so wet there was a puddle of her juice on the seat of the chair.

Nancy opened her eyes, smiled up at us, "I hope this don't make you change your mind."

Kathy and I both started laughing, and Kathy said, "Honey, cum is one of our favorite desserts. We'll do our best to keep you licked dry."

Kathy stood, took Nancy by the hand, and they walked across the den and down the hall toward the master bath. I followed behind, watching the two naked asses as they bounced along in front of me.

While Kathy was adjusting the shower, Nancy asked if she should join us in the shower. 

Kathy had that wicked little smile when she said, "Nancy if you even try to wash that wonderful pussy juice off, I'll spank your lovely ass.

Nancy giggled again, "I'll save it for you, but you can still spank me if you would like, just don't do it too hard.

When we stepped out of the shower Nancy was sitting on the toilet, legs wide apart and two fingers fucking in and out of her dripping pussy. 

Kathy stepped over, pulled Nancy's wet fingers to her mouth and make loud sucking noises as she pulled the fingers into her mouth.

Kathy held onto Nancy's hand and led her to our bed. She turned her around and pushed her back to set on the edge of the bed.

Kathy knelt down in front of Nancy and placed a leg one over her shoulder. I followed her lead and did the same with the other leg. 
