 CAUTION READERS: Once again, I would advise readers. This chapter does cover quite a variety of sexual activities. While there is romance, we may also have incest, young female/old male, anal, oral, ass to mouth, pussy to mouth, M/F, F/F, M/M, group sex. Water sports, cum/pee swallowing. While this is very erotic to many, some readers may be offended by such activity. If that applies to you, I would suggest you not read any further. Thank you for your input and constructive criticism. Also, thank all of you who took the time to vote.

*************************

Birds of a Feather 13(Frank has a great bachelor party and a few surprises at the wedding)

************************

When we pulled in the parking lot, Cindy and Beth were waiting for us. Both women were sporting smiles that lit up their faces.

Kathy and I met the two women at the back of our car. 

They gave us a big huge and Cindy said, "Thank you, thank you, you two are the very best, we love you and thank you again."

I asked her, "Why all the gratitude?" "Our kids, what you did helping us with our kids, we can't believe how well it's working out."

"Cindy, could you be a little more specific?" I asked.

"No, not now we don't have enough time to go into details. You have the doctor's appointment this afternoon, and I have to fill you in on a couple of things about her after hours patients. During office hours the entire office is very professional but we after hours patients are more like friends and family." 

I ask Cindy if we should be concerned about the doctor taking care of Kathy and the baby.

"Mushroom, you'll be with the best, and you're going to fall in love with her. It's just that as a "Special Patients," you may not hear words like vagina, penis, breast and such. You would be more likely to hear, cock, pussy, ass, tits and such.

Kathy laughed, "In other words, she will use words we understand. Not to worry, I think we will be okay with the doctor."

We all laughed as we entered the plant, I got my hug and kiss from Kathy and we all headed to our work areas.

The morning went well, and it was time for our lunch break. Kathy and I meet then went through the line, got our food and joined Cindy and Beth at their table.

Cindy started talking as soon as we set down. She was all excited as she told us about both their families having a long, very open conversation. The kids told them what they had been doing sexually and what they would like to happen with both families, which included Kathy and me. They all agreed they would not keep secrets within the family and would discuss anything and anybody that didn't jeopardize anyone outside the household. She said their kids slept together, naked in Marks bed and PJ and Liz did the same at Beth's After our wedding on Saturday, they're all going back to Shawn's and Cindy's and have a nude indoor picnic and sleep over.

Beth told us they were taking it slow and easy, but they were having some great conversations, and everyone was getting a little more comfortable with the idea of family sex.

Kathy asks if the kids knew for sure that the six of us were sexually involved. Cindy said they did but no one told them, they figured it out on their own.

Beth asked about Nancy and how things were working out. 

I smiled and told them we needed to talk with all of them about Mom.

Cindy and Beth just looked at for a second then smiled, "Mom, you did say Mom didn't you." 

I nodded and smiled back at her.

"Oh Shit, you don't mean to tell us...Mom, who would ever have thought. Does she know about us?"

Kathy answered, "Yes, she knows everything there is to know, and we will share anything you want to know about her and us."

Beth said, "One question, are you happy with the way things are."

"Yes, none of this was planned, and I know it's a strange arrangement, but we are very pleased with the way things have worked out."

Cindy asked, "If we do all get together, kids, adults and all, would she want to be included?"

Just a simple, "Yep, she would." Cindy and Beth laughed, "That will be fun, but it will sure be a big surprise for the men and kids."

About 10 minutes after I got back to my office, Lorie called from Brad's office and said I needed to come to the conference room in the main office building as soon as possible. 

When I got to the room, I found several others employee's already there and others still coming. There was a table at the front of the room with a TV and several other items sitting on it. Lorie walked in and placed a couple more items on the table. Then she moved to the end of the table and sat down.

A couple of seconds later Brad walked in followed by several other men and women. Everyone except Brad sits down at the table.

Brad first introduced himself for the benefit of those who may not have met him yet. Then he introduced the representatives of the different state, county and city agencies, and then the representatives of the power, cable, and telephone companies, plus three others that represented other small business in our town of Summerville.

He told us one of the reasons for the meeting was to stop some of the rumors going around about people losing their jobs because of all the modernizing of ours company and some of the other smaller businesses in town.

He explained that time had passed us by, and we were living at least 20 years in the past, but things were about to change. The four-lane highway that runs through the edge of our town was about to be connected to a primary interstate highway on each end and would be a central cross-link between the two interstates.

Mr. Horton and Brad's Dad, Mr. Lewis had been working together to recruit the resources to modernize, not only the company but also the community as a whole.

He assured us the changes they were making wouldn't cost jobs but would create jobs.

He went into detail, explaining many of the changes that would be taking place and many of the people in the room would have a lot to do with the company moving forward.

Then, he started explaining about the items on the table. With Cable TV, cordless phones and a new type of mobile phones are on the way. Our company, in cooperation with the service company's and some local small business, would offer several variations of personal packages for the employees. Brad explained the different packages, which included cable, ready TV's, home computers, cordless phones and mobile phone. All of these packages would be offered at reduced prices to all of the employees, and our company would finance them and set up payments through payroll deduction. He told us information sheets would be passed out to all the employees with pictures, descriptions, prices and phone numbers to call if we needed more information. 

He answered a few questions from some of the people in the room. Then he pointed toward Kathy and me. Everyone in the room turned and looked as us as Brad told them he hoped everyone had seen the invitations to our wedding on Saturday and looked forward to seeing everyone there. He said some people had asked why the Horton's were hosting our wedding. Brad told then it was because Frank and Kathy wedding will be the first one where both the bride and groom work for the company and yes the tradition will continue.

Lorie came over and told us Brad needed to talk with us before we went back to work. As she turned to leave, she said she and her husband would see us Saturday.

We met Brad in the hallway. Before he could say anything Kathy asked, "Can you tell me why I was at this meeting. I can understand Frank being here but you know I'm pregnant, and I'm going to be out on maternity leave soon."

Brad smiled, "Patience my dear sister, remember what I said about a lot of changes. You were here for a good reason, but we can discuss that later. For now, I just need to tell you that Maggie and Walter will be at your house when you get home from work tomorrow. You will be going with them, and Frank will stay at home. You know what a take-charge person Maggie is and she is trying to plan everything to your satisfaction, including the bride and groom not seeing each other after midnight."

He handed us each a piece of paper and told us to look it over and if we wanted to make changes we could but he thought we would be well pleased with everything Maggie had planned.

Brad then asked how much we knew about personal computers. We both told him we only knew how to use the computers at work.

He said he was going to set us up with the entire package of the computer, phones, and TVs. He said it was partly work related and partly because he knew we would want to take advantage of a good deal. He suggested installing and setting everything up the week after we return from our honeymoon, that someone would need to be home when the workers were there.

Kathy and I looked at each other and smiled. She said, "Brad, there'll be someone home next week if you would like to set things up for then."

Brad looked a little puzzled, so I quickly told him about Nancy becoming a part of our family and that we had shared everything with her, including our relationship with the other family members.

When I was through telling him, he asked, "Do both of you love and trust this woman that much?"

Before I could answer Kathy said, "Yes we do Brad, she is the Mother we never had and a lot more."

"Excellent, I'll tell Walter and Dad. They can pass the word on from there. Maggie will make sure your Mother is seated in the proper place, and I look forward to meeting my new Aunt.

As we were walking back to our work area, we both looked at the sheet of paper Brad had given us. We both started laughing as we read it. Maggie had worked her magic. The paper was a copy of the program with a few personal notes added from Maggie.

The note read, "Frank and Kathy, as Head Mother of the family I have taken some liberties with the planning of your wedding. I knew you didn't have a lot of time and we wanted this to be a very memorable time for you both. Please read over the program and if there is anything you can't live with let me know when we see you Friday.

The program started by announcing that this was not a traditional wedding but a casual gathering of family and friends to witness the joining of Frank and Kathy in marriage to continue through life as one.

Maggie had listed the minister and instead of bride's maids and ushers or groomsmen she had Cindy and Beth assisting Kathy at the alter and Shawn and Paul assisting me. 

The thing that aroused our curiosity the most was the ring bearer was listed as a Special Friend, and songs would be by another Special Friend.

When we walked back in the plant, Cindy was waiting just inside the door. She had a big smile on her face and that sneaky gleam in her eyes.

Kathy gave her an evil look, "You fucking bitch, how long have you and Beth known about these plans?"

"Since Monday and we didn't spill the beans, we kept the secret but Honey, we are all so honored to be a part of this, even the kids are excited about it."

Kathy started laughing as she and Cindy hugged. Then we all headed to our work areas. It was almost the end of the shift, and I still had several things to do.

Kathy was waiting in the parking lot. We were quickly out and on our way to the doctor's office. Mom was waiting for us when we arrived. 

A lady met us at the door, showed us to a waiting room. She said Dr. "M" was still in one of the delivery rooms in the other wing but her nurse Jenney would be with us shortly. She told us she would be leaving, but she would lock the door behind her.

When we were settled in Mom said she had received a phone call from Maggie Horton just before she left home. She was calling to tell Mom that she and Walter would be by tomorrow to pick her up. They were going to the formal wear shop to pick out a dress for her to wear to the wedding and we could get our outfits while we were there.

I gave Mom a copy of the page Brad had given us and was bringing her up-to-date on everything we knew so far when the nurse entered the room.

"Hi, I'm Jenny, Dr. M's nurse. You would be Kathy, Frank and you are?" she said as she turned to Mom.

"This is our Mom, Nancy," Kathy said as she put her arm around Mom's waist.

"It's a pleasure to meet you and let me be the first to welcome you to our After Hours Patients Club. Please follow me, and we'll get started.

We walked a few doors down to an examination room. As soon as we entered, Jenny pointed to two chairs for Mom and me. 

Then told Kathy, "I can get you a gown if you need one but it would be a lot easier to do all this if you just strip."

Kathy started removing her clothes and handing them to me. She told Jenny we had just got off work and if she had time and there was a place, she would like to take a quick shower.

Jenny opened the bathroom door, "Soap and towels are on the shelf, and I'll leave the door open so I can be asking you questions and start filling out these forms."

As soon as Kathy came out of the shower, Jenny had her step on the scales, then had her sit on the exam table and was taking her blood pressure when to the door open and Dr. "M" walks in.

She looked to be mid to late fifty's, black hair with just a touch of gray, rather tall, at about 5'9" and had that elegant, professional look about her.

"Hello, I'm Myra, you would be Frank, you would be Momma Nancy, and this is the mother-to-be, Kathy. I talked with Cindy just before I came in here and she told me about Nancy. I want to welcome all of you to our little group. Cindy asked me to tell you she and Beth are bringing the girls in tomorrow to get them started on birth control."

After hugs all round she told Kathy since it was her first visit she would be doing a complete exam. She began by measuring her height, then her bust, waist, hips and thighs.

After she had made the rounds with the stethoscope, Myra had Kathy lay back on the table. She started with a breast exam.

Without looking back at us Myra said, "Just to let you know, I like for my mom's to breastfeed when it's possible. That means you two can't suck on these lovely nipples after the baby is born."

I heard Kathy giggle and saw Mom's face turn a bright red and I'm sure mine was doing the same. 

Myra had Kathy put her feet in the stirrups as she set on a stool and moved up between Kathy's legs. Jenny brought over a tray of different internments and held for Myra to select the ones she needed.

Myra laughed, "What do you think Jenny?"

Jenny glanced over at us then said, she has a beautiful pussy, I'll bet it's sweet and juicy."

Myra laughed again as she told us, "Jenny is bi-sexual, and she loves to look, but she will never touch. She has an ideal home life, and she would never do anything to jeopardize that. She has a great husband, two great kids and their nanny is her long time soul mate. She has love, cock, and pussy all under one roof."

Mom and I looked at each other then back at Myra. I think we were both shocked to hear a doctor saying something like that.

Myra told Kathy she was going to do a pap smear and it might be a little uncomfortable. Kathy grunted a couple of times, and then Myra told her it was over.

She put Kathy's legs back down, then using the stethoscope, started checking Kathy's stomach area. She held out her hand, and Jenny gave her a black marker. Myra put a little dot on Kathy's stomach, then moved the stethoscope around a little then put another dot.

She moved back and handed the stethoscope to Jenny. She listened for a few seconds, smiled and nodded her head.

Jenny raised Kathy's head up a little and Myra put the ear tips in her ears then told her to listen.

Myra moved the scope around one of the dots and asked Kathy, "Do you hear that Manna."

Kathy smiled and nodded. Myra moved the scope to the other dot, "Now, do you hear that." 

Kathy looked a little confused but nodded.

Myra motioned for Mom and me. She hooked me up first, and I could hear a soft swishing like sound in both places. Next Mom listened, and then she turned and gave me a big kiss on the lips. She turned and did the same to Kathy then raised her hands in the air and shouted, "TWINS, WE'RE GONNA HAVE TWINS, MY SWEET CHILDREN."

Myra and Jenny both congratulated us as they each hug and kiss us both softly on the lips. 

Myra told Kathy she could dress any time now, but she had several things she needed to discuss with the three of us.

Kathy set up on the edge of the table but didn't attempt to start dressing. 

I moved to one side of her and Mom moved to the other. We both kissed the dots on Kathy's stomach while we listened to Myra covered all the do's and don'ts we needed to know. The three of us were constantly rubbing our hands over the dots.

Myra gave Kathy a shot, a prescription and a booklet describing the exercises she needed to do daily.

Kathy started putting her clothes on. When she was dressed, Myra told us she needed to talk with the three of us. 

She was very blunt and to the point, "I want you to listen and do as I tell you. Kathy, you're pasted the preferred age for having children, and now you're pregnant with twins. You're a strong, healthy woman and you're going to be fine. Now here is the timetable you'll be working with. I'll see you again in two weeks, all of your appointments will be after regular office hours unless there is a problem. Do your exercises every day. Any oral sex is fine, but if you do a 69, you should be on top. Fucking is fine for now but there again, it would be better if you were on top. If you like DP, I would rather you hold off on that. Swallowing cum, male or female will not hurt you or the babies. There's a store over on Tenth Street, The Grown-Up Shop. I want you to go by there and tell the young lady, Amie that you want my Ben Wa ball kit. Follow the instructions in the booklet I gave you. If you have any problems or questions, you will find my office, and home phone numbers are in the back of the booklet. Next visit my husband Ken will be here, and we'll talk more about things to come. Have a great time on your honeymoon. We'll be there Saturday and hope to get a chance to say hello.

I stopped in the lobby and called Amie at the store. I was surprised when I heard a male voice answer. I ask if Amie was there. He told me to hold on, and I heard him call out to Amie. 

When she answered, I quickly filled her in on everything and when I told her it was twins, she gave out a big shout. She asked if Kathy needed Dr. Myer's kit. 

I told her that was what I was calling about, and we were hoping we could swing by on our way out of town and pick it up.

She told me she had an even better deal. She explained the young man who answered the phone was Morgan's boyfriend. He was going to stay at the store while she and Morgan joined her Mom and Dad for pizza. She asked us to meet them there. She would have the kit with her, and we could have dinner with the family. 

I told her that would be okay and we would see her in a few minutes

Then she asked if Aunt Nancy would be with us? I told her she was and looked forward to meeting them all. 

When we entered Nino's, I saw Amie waving to us from the large table near the back. I introduced Mom, and we all shared hugs and kisses all around. 

Al told Mom he and Helga were pleased to have her as their new sister and the girls Aunt Nancy. 

Morgan told her, "I hope we get to see more of you soon."

Everyone laughed except Mom; she looked a little confused. I explained, SEE MORE OF YOU, as in naked. Then she laughed, "Please forgive me, this is all so new to me but very exciting too, and I'm still learning, but I can assure you, I look forward to seeing more of all you also."

Everyone congratulated us on the twins and told us they would be there for us if we needed anything.
