 CAUTION READERS: Once again, I would advise readers. This chapter does cover quite a verify a sexual activates. While there is romance, we may also have incest, young female/old male, anal, oral, ass to mouth, pussy to mouth, M/F, F/F, M/M, group sex. Water sports, cum/pee swallowing. While this is very erotic to many, some readers may be offended by such activity. If that applies to you, I would suggest you not read any further. Thank you for your input and constructive criticism, but PLEASE UNDERSTAND, smartass sarcasm is not appreciated or needed. Also, thank all of you who took the time to vote, (BTW: to those who suggested an editor, I have tried to contact several and only had one response. She told me to send the chapter to her, and she would do it over the weekend. I guess it was a long weekend. That was over two months ago, and she still has not responded. I will continue to do the very best I can and hope it will be good enough.)

**********

Things had been moving so fast I had not had time to get nervous. While we were waiting for Brad to return, I had just enough time for my dumb ass brain to kick in. "Is my hair combed properly, what if I goof up repeating my vows, what if Kathy changed her mind, all these people I work with are here, what if something happens and they find out about the FAMILY." 

Brad opened the pool house door, and all of those stupid thoughts vanished. 

Brad told us to follow him. The three of us followed him to the back corner of the tent that had been set up for the creamery. 

Amanda was standing there with a man I didn't recognize. 

Brad introduced him. "This is Reverend William Murphy; sorry you two have not had a chance to meet before now."

The Reverend laughed, "This is only the second wedding I have performed without a rehearsal, but with Maggie in charge, I'm sure we'll be okay."

Brad told Shawn and Paul to follows him. 

Amanda said she would let us know when it was time for the Reverend and me to walk out. She told me when I reached the stage, to just look down at the floor and I would know where to stand.

I could hear the piano playing; then the music stopped, and another song started. Amanda reached over and lightly kissed me on the lips, then told us it was time.

I followed Reverend Murphy up the two steps to the stage. I glanced over to see the young man at the piano smiling at me. I thought I recognized him, but I couldn't remember where.

I looked down at the floor just in time to see a small piece of paper with my name on it. I smiled as I stepped on the paper. 

I was standing next to the Reverend and could look out at the guest. 

I was surprised... there was only one short row of chairs. Mom was in the first chair. Then an empty chair, Maggie was next, and I assumed the man in the last seat was H B Lewis Sr. 

Most of the FAMILY was standing on the other side of the aisle, and about a hundred to a hundred and fifty people were standing behind them, on both sides of the aisle. 

The young piano player started playing a different song, and I saw Cindy and Shawn walking down the aisle toward me. 

Reverend Murphy leaned over and asked in a low voice, "Frank, you do know to turn and face me when Kathy comes on stage don't you?" 

I nodded just as Cindy stepped on the stage, hugged me and stepped to the other side. 

Shawn stepped up and shook my hand. We hugged, and he stepped over behind me.

Next were Beth and Paul, and they repeated the same as Cindy and Shawn. 

Another surprise, Amie was walking down the aisle, holding a small silk pillow with our rings on it. Her smile was so big I could see it the minute she started walking our way.

When she stepped on stage we kissed lightly on the lips, she put her cheek next to mine and whispered, "I love you, Frank Howard." "I love you too sweet lady," I whispered. She stepped over to the edge of the stage just as the music stopped.

There was total silence for a couple of seconds then I heard the music I had been waiting to hear. 

Everyone looked toward the other end of the aisle. 

Then I saw her, arm and arm with Walter, walking down the aisle toward us. 

My heart was beating faster, and it was all I could do to keep from rushing down the aisle and grabbing her up in my arms. 

Her medium blue dress was just right to show off her beautiful body without looking vulgar, I think it was the first time I had ever seen her in high hills, but I promised myself it wouldn't be the last

When they reached the stage, Walter took her hand and held it out to me, then he moved back and sat in the chair next to Maggie 

I took her hand then turned to face the Reverend. He asked us all to bow out heads. After the prayer, I think we were both surprised when Morgan stepped up by the piano and started singing "Wind Beneath My Wings" one of my all-time favorites. 

We made it through our vows, and then Morgan sang the song "Time In a Bottle" another favorite of ours.

Kathy and I were looking into each other's eyes. Before Morgan got through the first few words, both of us had a big smile on our faces and tears of joy running down our cheeks.

When I was told to kiss my bride, Kathy and I wrapped our arms around each other. When we kissed, it seemed as though our hearts and bodies just melted together. I had to be the happiest man on earth.

The crowd erupted into cheers and applause as we walked off the stage. 

We stopped for a quick kiss for Mom and Maggie then walked on to the end of the aisle where Brad and Patty were waiting with a golf cart. I heard Amie on the PA system telling everyone to move over to the other tents. There was a band, food and drinks wait for them while the Newly Weds were posing for some pictures. 

Brad took us around to the front door of the main house. As we followed him inside he told us the young couple taking the pictures was Walter's Grandson, D. J. and his wife, Julia. It would be very private here, and they would like to do some of the usual wedding pictures, but they would also like to take a few FAMILY pictures if we didn't mind.

D.J. and Julia were waiting and started posing us for pictures as soon as we entered the room. We did all the usual, pictures, removing the garter, crossed Champaign glasses, wedding band hands crossed, then several other poses of us together. 

While all this was going on we were talking about Kathy and my acceptance into the FAMILY, the fun we had and looked forward to seeing more of the others members. 

DJ told us his Mom, Marion, had told them about getting a good look at my cock while I was dressing in the pool house. 

Julia said she had helped Kathy dress, and it left her with her mouth watering for a taste of that fine looking pussy.

"Chill out you two; we're here for the public pictures first. Let's not get sidetracked," Brad said.

He turned to us. "Frank and Kath, at our weddings we all had what we have come to call, The FAMILY Photos. We would love to take some of you when DJ finishes with the usual photos. Ours were a little far out, but we can do as much or as little as you like or none at all." 

Kathy asked Pattie about the poses they did. 

"We have pictures of me sucking Brad's cock, him eating my pussy, sucking my tits, you know, that kind of pictures."

Kathy looked over at me. I just smiled and shrugged my shoulders.

"Okay, we'll do the pictures, but all of you are going to join us. You tell us the action YOU want, and we'll tell you the action WE want" Kathy said with that evil little smile.

"WWwwooooo, this is getting hot now, just tell me what you would like me to do," Julia said as she squeezed her own tits

Julia moved a bar stool over near us. 

DJ was changing the lens on his camera, "First we want a hot kiss where we can see the tongues in a profile. Kathy, we'll want one of you with Franks cock in your mouth, and then your pussy. One from the front and then other from the back. Frank, I want one of you licking her pussy and one of you sucking her tits. Don't pull your clothes off, just work around them."

"Kathy, what do you have in mind for us to do," Brad asked, knowing how kinky Kathy could be.

"I'll tell you as we go along. Just be ready, and I know you'll enjoy it."

I asked Kathy to come over and set on the stool. Just before she sits down, I reached down and started pulling her dress up. 

Pattie and Julia quickly stepped up on each side of her. Pattie asked, "How high do you want it?"

"I want her bare ass on the seat." 

Up comes the dress and Kathy sit down, I moved one foot to the middle rung and hooking the hill of her shoe over it, showing off her hot pussy framed by the garter belt. 

We both opened our mouths and started pushing our tongues in and out of each other's mouths. 

DJ and Julie both were clicking away at different angles. Julie kept saying over and over, "Oh fuck, oh fuck."

When we broke the kiss, I started to move away, but Kathy took ms by the arm and stopped me.

She made a show of pushing two fingers into her hot, wet pussy. She pulled her fingers out, put one in her mouth and sucked it. Then rubbed the other finger over her lips. 

She didn't speak a word; she just motioned for Brad, then looked at me and pointed to each side of her mouth.

As Brad and I moved up and pushed our tongues into Kathy's mouth, DJ and Julia were taking pictures from all directions, including some very close-up pictures.

As soon as Brad and I moved back, Kathy repeated the fingers in her pussy, then to her mouth and lips. Julia was anticipating Kathy's next request, and she handed her camera to Brad.

Kathy motioned for Pattie to stepped up, and they started their little tongue display. 

Pattie moved back, as Julie was moving in place.

Kathy lifted the front of Julie's dress and pushed a couple of fingers into her pussy. When she pulled them out, Kathy put both of them in her mouth, making a show of licking and sucking on them. 

Julie put her hands behind Kathy's back, leaned forward and they started a little tongue swapping. 

Without breaking the kiss with Julie, Kathy motioned for Pattie to move back in and the three hot women were licking and sucking each other's tongues.

DJ give a nervous little laugh, "You hot bitches are gonna make me cum with all this shit."

When the women separated, Kathy asked DJ, "What's next big tent man?" 

Everyone turned and looked at DJ, not at this face but his crotch. It was easy to see his raging hard had the front of his pants pushed to the max.

We all laughed, even DJ, although he was a little red faced at the time. 

DJ suggested since Kathy was already sitting on the stool, we could try the cock in the pussy shots. 

Kathy set thinking for a second then she moved her foot from the front rung to the side. She slipped as close to the edge of the stool as she possibly could. She was a little unsteady as she attempted to move her other foot up and hook her shoe hill on the rung on the other side.

I moved up in front of her and placed my hands on her waist while Pattie moved around behind her, wrapping her arms around Kathy and pulling her back a little until Kathy's back was resting against Pattie's tits.

Kathy pulled the hem of her dress up a little higher as Pattie started unbuttoning the front of Kathy's dress, almost down to the waist. 

Kathy reached up and unhooked the front clasp of her bra, pulling it back, allowing the girls to pop out, erect nipples and all.

Pattie started to move away, now that Kathy had her balance. 

Kathy told her, "No Pattie, don't leave. I want my FAMILY included in our private pictures.

I asked DJ what he wanted first. He laughed, "Y'all have my head so fucked up, I'm not sure anymore but I think I would like to start with a close up of her delicious looking pussy."

I hadn't looked before but with Kathy's legs spread out and her dress pulled up, her pussy was gapped open just a little, and slightly exposing her inner labia. Her close trimmed pubic hair glistened with her sweet woman juice. As I looked on, my mouth watered and the word EATABLE came to mind.

DJ took several shots from different angles before Kathy reached down with her left hand, using two fingers, pulled her lips further apart.

DJ got several quick shots of this before Kathy moved her right hand down and pushed two fingers knuckle deep into her wet pussy.

I heard DJ let out a low throaty moan but kept snapping the pictures. 

At the same time, I heard Julia inhale deeply. As I turned and looked in her direction, I saw Brad standing behind her with his arms around her, groping both breasts. 

Julie had the front of her dress pulled up and at least two fingers pushing through her slightly trimmed, blond pubic hair and fucking hard in and out of her pussy.

DJ stood and turned to me and was about to tell me what position he wanted me in next when he noticed what Julia and Brad were doing.

"Sorry Frank, when she gets turned on she has no manners, what so ever" DJ laughed.

I assured him it was okay with us. 

He pulled me over closer to Kathy and told me he wanted me to drop my pants and just place the head of my cock up next to Kathy's pussy.

I did as he said and he snapped off a few shots of this pose at different angled. 

Then he asked me to push the beautiful head of my cock just inside Kathy's pussy.

Once again, I did as he asked. I could hear the sound of Julie's fingers banging her soaking wet pussy. 

Kathy used her fingers again to open the lips of her pussy. I stood a little to one side and pushed my cock into her just far enough for my throbbing head to disappear into MY WIFE'S love hole. 

While DJ was busy taking the pictures, I looked up to see Kathy and Pattie cheek to cheek, looking down to where we were joined cock to pussy.

Both women raised their heads and smiled at me. I leaned in and as I kissed Kathy our tongues met. She used her free hand under my chin to break the kiss and turn my face toward Pattie. Our lips and tongues met, and I could tell from our heavy breathing, all three of us were very turned on.

DJ spoke to me, but I was so carried away with everything that was going on it did register that he was talking to me. Then I felt a hand wrap around the shaft of my cock. 

I looked down to see DJ's hold tightly onto my shaft, "A little deeper, push your cock in just a little deeper and then go all the way in, then repeat the kissing with Aunt Kathy and Aunt Patty."

I pushed my cock a couple inches deeper into Kathy's pussy. DJ was continuing to move around getting shots at different angles. Then he squeezed the right cheek of my ass and pushed, "All in Uncle Frank, don't forget the kissing."

I placed my hands on Kathy's hips and pushed my cock ball deep into my darling wife's pussy. I kissed Kathy as I had before. 

When I broke the kiss with Kathy, I leaned over to kiss Pattie, as our lips met she pushed her middle finger into the side of my mouth. I detected the pleasant taste of Pattie's pussy. We both licked and sucked the finger before we broke the kiss.

"Sorry to break this up but we have people waiting, and we still have things to do here," DJ said while he was changing something on his camera.

I kissed Kathy lightly on the lips as I reluctantly pulled my cock out of her warm, wet pussy. 

As I stepped back I heard Julia ask, "Aunt Kathy, would you allow me to clean that ups for you?" 

I looked back to see Julia staring straight at my hard, wet cock.

"Of course you can Julia, you know we share our goodies with the FAMILY."

Brad released her tits, but she never pulled her fingers of her left hand out of her pussy. 

She moved over in front of me, dropped to her knees, opened her mouth and sucked my wet cock into her mouth. She attempted to take it down her throat but started gagging. She backed off and placed her other hand around my shaft. She licked around the head and up and down my shaft until she had licked up every drop of Kathy's pussy juice.

She was still fingering her pussy. Brad walked up behind her, reached down and pinched her very erect nipples. She leaned back against Brad's leg and started a low moan that grew louder as her finger fucked her pussy harder and faster. She was almost screaming when she pushed her fingers in and held them as her orgasm swept over her.

"Okay Honey, we need to move on with the pictures," DJ said as he took Julia by the arm and helped her to her feet.

DJ told Kathy to sit where she was and told me to kneel between her legs. When I was in place, he asked me to start by just touching my tongue to Kathy's pussy. He told us he would be taking different angles as I slowly licked deeper until I had completely buried in her pussy.

It didn't take long before I had the full length of my tongue inside her and my lips sucking on her pussy. DJ tapped me on the shoulder, and I pulled out and moved back.

Julia had picked up her camera and was helping DJ take pictures again. 

Kathy motioned for Brad to move in to take my place. Like me, it wasn't long before he had his tongue buried in Kathy's pussy.

This time, Julia tapped Brad on the shoulder. When he moved back, Kathy pointed to DJ. 

I was a little surprised when he blushed, but he walked right in and wasted no time aggressively proceeded to lick his way into Kathy's pussy. 

Julia was busy, moving around snapping the pictures constantly repeating, "Yeah baby, suck that hot pussy."

I picked up DJ's camera and started snapping pictures of the very young man licking away at my sexy wife's hot pussy. I moved back and took a few full shots that included Julia taking close-up pictures of her young husband lapping away at my beautiful wife's pussy.

DJ knew when to stop, as soon as he had his face buried in Kathy's pussy, he moaned softly but pulled his face away and stood up. He was wet with Kathy's woman juice from his nose to his chin. 

Julie wasted no time in licking him clean, and I wasted no time taking a few pictures of this hot action.

Kathy motioned for Pattie to go next. 

Brad moved over behind Kathy to help keep her balance on the stool, while Pattie moved in and proceeded to follow DJ original instructions.

As soon as Patty moved away, Julia followed. 

DJ had to be quick with the camera because Julia didn't waste any time licking her way in, about two quick licks and she had her face buried in Kathy's pussy.

"Oh baby, you're a keeper, DJ, you keep this young lady around, I would like to have her visit this hole again," Kathy said as she leaned back against Brad and used both of her hands to pull Julie's face tighter to her pussy.

You could see DJ glowing with pride as he tapped Julie on the shoulder, "Baby, you have to stop now, but Kathy said you could have more another day."

Next was cock sucking time. I set on the stool with my pants around my ankles, knees spread wide apart, my cock standing tall and oozing a little pre-cum.

To save time Kathy suggested we keep things moving by her going first, then her and Pattie, Patty alone, Julia join Patty, then Julia alone, DJ join Julia, DJ lone, Brad join DJ, Brad alone, and we could end with Kathy and I sharing the men.

Pattie said she liked everything except stopping with Kathy and I sucking the guys. She wanted to know why she and Julia couldn't get the same treatment.

We all laughed but Kathy and I both agreed. I was hoping I could make it through this photo session without cumming.

Kathy showed no mercy. She dropped to her knees, took my cock in her hand and slowly licked around the head. 

DJ was doing close-up's, and Kathy looked directly into his camera as she puckered up and spit a large wad of saliva on my cock, then used her hand to spread it over my shaft slowly. Then she very slowly slid her lips down my shaft until I felt my cock head push into her throat.
