 Thank you for your input and constructive criticism. Also, thank all of you who took the time to vote.

*********

We give everyone a hug then cranked the Jeep and headed up the mountain to the other cabin. As we made our way up the narrow, curvy road, Kathy put her hand on my leg, and I could feel her staring at me, "My husband, my husband, I love you, dear husband." I just smiled, the words sound great to me.

***********

As the road leveled off, and we could see the cabin, we realized it was a duplicate of Erich's cabin. The pond and boathouse were off the left of the cabin, and a deck extended out on that side of the cabin.

I parked in front of the cabin, handed Kathy the keys, grabbed the bags and we headed for the front door. Kathy unlocked the door, then I dropped the bags, swept her up in my arms and carried her through the door.

As soon as we were inside, Kathy pulled my mouth to hers and our tongues met in a long, wet passionate kiss. We finally pulled our lips apart, and she whispered, "My husband, my husband, please take your wife, take me any way you please. I am yours, body and soul to do with as you please."

I kissed Kathy lightly on the lips, "My darling wife, we belong to each other. Our hearts beat as one, every part of my being belongs to you, and I willingly give it to you. I know your love for me is true. I love your passion, your desire to experience new things, daring to reach out and try new things. I love following you on new adventures. I don't want that to stop now that we are man and wife. I only ask that it will always be the two of us, always together." 

"There's a saying among men, the perfect wife is one who is always a lady in public and a slut behind closed doors. I would say my idea of the perfect wife is a lady in public and a kinky, perverted, pushy slut behind closed doors and I think I have the perfect wife.

"Put me down," Kathy said with that mischievous little smile. I lowered her feet to the floor, and she dropped to her knees. She unbuttoned my shorts and pulled them down. Before I could step out of them, she had my cock in her mouth. 

She sucked the head into her mouth and let her spit run down my shaft. She runs her hand up and down my shaft until it was dripping wet and slick. Then she started sliding her mouth up and down my shaft, going a little deeper each time.

Just as my cock head reached the back of her mouth, she stopped and let my cock slip from her mouth. Before I could react, she pulled her top off, turned and lay down on the floor. She spread her legs wide and looked up at me, "Come suck all the cum out of your kinky, slut wife's pussy while you fuck her face."

I jerked off my shirt, stepped out of my shorts, dropped down, and aligned myself over my hot wife's pussy. She took my cock in her mouth again, grabbed the cheeks of my ass and pulled my cock head into her throat. She was controlling my movement by pushing and pulling on my ass cheeks. 

I knew I wouldn't last long, so I started imminently to licking the cum off both her thighs, working my way down to her cream filled pussy. When I got to her pussy, I was a little surprised at the amount of cum that was still inside her. 

Kathy pushed down several times, and a small glob of cum would shoot out of her pussy and into my waiting mouth. When the cum stopped popping out of her pussy, I pulled her legs back and licked up the cum that had run down the crack of her ass. 

When I had all the cum cleaned up, I went back to her pussy. I slipped two fingers inside and found her little spongy G-spot. I began to massaging it as I licked and sucked on her clit. We were both making the passionate sounds of lovers about to reach their sexual peaks and I knew we would both soon be in climax heaven shortly. 

She pushed her hips up hard against my face as she flooded my mouth with her warm cum. 

I could feel my balls tightening up, and my cock head was throbbing with every beat of my heart.

Just before I shot my first line of cum down her throat, Kathy pulled back until her lips wrapped around the head. She used her hand to pump up and down my shaft as I shot load after load of my hot cum in my loving wife's mouth.

When she had pumped the last drop of cum out of my very sensitive cock, she stopped. We stayed in the 69 position for about a minute, and then Kathy pushed me over to the side. 

I rolled over on the floor and sat up.

Kathy moved to a kneeling position in front of me. I watched as she placed her hands under her tits, lifting them up a little. Then she tilted her head down and a little to the right. She parted her lips just a little, let a small stream of cum spill out of her mouth, across her chin, and down onto her right tit. Then she moved her head to the left and allowed more cum to flow out of her mouth.

She looked at me and smiled as she used her fingers to spread the cum over her tits. Then she knee-walked up to me and held her right tit up to my mouth. 

I licked around her very hard nipple then sucked it into my mouth. She pulled that tit out of my mouth, and then fed me the left one.

When she pulled her left tit back, she leaned down, and I thought she was going to kiss me. Instead, she used her cum sticky fingers in my chin to pull down, opening my mouth. I could see a little cum on her lips as she puckered up and spit a glob of cum into my mouth. She immediately placed her open mouth over mine and plunged her tongue into my mouth, flicking it around as though she was painting the inside of my mouth with the cum.

It had been a mentally, physically and sexually exhausting day. That along with the blowjob I just had, a second erection was the last thing I expected. Yet, here it was, my loving wife's slutty, perverted behavior had my cock rock hard and throbbing.

She pushed me back on the floor, shoved two fingers into her wet pussy. She pulled them out of her pussy and pushed then into her asshole. 

She straddled my legs, pulled the fingers out of her ass, aligned my hard cock with her hole then started slowly working it up her tight little shit hole.

When she had me ball deep in her ass, she started humping her hips, causing my cock to move slightly in and out of her hole. 

Kathy had that mischievous little smile on her face again. She stopped moving her hips for just a second, used her fingers to pull the hood back over her clit. I was watching as the first shot of piss shot out and landed on my chest.

Kathy started giggling as a second shot struck me on the chin, "How do you like your perverted, slut wife now darling?"

"Oh baby, I love it, and I love you, give me more, and do anything that turns you on, the more, the better."

Kathy went wild, hammering her asshole down on my cock, and using her fingers to direct her piss over my stomach, chest and mouth. I was swallowing as much as I could when it hit my mouth.

I started cumming again, "YES, YES, SHOOT YOUR HOT CUM IN YOUR SLUTS ASSHOLE. FILL ME UP BABY." 

When she had milked the last drop of cum from my cock, she raised up causing my cock to slip out of her ass.

"Watch me, baby, watch your nasty slut wife," Kathy said as she rose up a little, and pushed down, forced the cum out of her ass. I watched as it landed on the lower part of my stomach, just above my deflating cock.

Kathy moved one leg over and knelt beside my hips. She took my cock in her mouth and sucked it clean. I was so sensitive I could hardly stand the touch, but I was not about to stop her.

She let my cock slip out of her mouth then used her fingers to scoop up part of the cum off my stomach. She put the finger into her mouth, closed her lips around it and slowly pulled her finger out. 

She scooped up the remaining cum and brought the soaking fingers to my mouth. 

I eagerly sucked them clean as she used her fingers to toy around with my tongue.

She lay down next to me; we rolled over on our side, and I cuddled up behind her. Suddenly she started laughing, "The door; we didn't even close the front door." I rose up and looked over to see the door was still wide open and our bags were sitting on the porch. I just cuddled back with her and told her I would take care of it later.

About twenty minutes later, I stood up, and then helped Kathy to her feet. I stepped over and pick up our bags, closed the door, then we went in search of the master bed and bath.

We crossed the large den area and walked up the stairs, and down the hallway. There were several doors on each side of the hall. They were all closed except the one on the right at the end of the hall. We found the open door was to the master bedroom. 

It was a gigantic room filled with very elegant furnishings, including the largest bed I had ever seen. There were two large closets and two other doors with no handles, only key holes.

The bathroom was off to the left. There was a large Jacuzzi along one wall, with a large walk-in shower along the wall behind it. It also had two toilets, two dressing tables and near the middle of the room was what I assumed to be a massage table. There was a closet and two locked cabinets built into the back wall.

Kathy smiled as she held up the key ring Erich had given us. I took the ring and looked at the keys. One was for the front door, and another key that looked very similar to the front door key we assumed was the boat house key. There were four other keys on the ring. We walked over to the two locked cabinets.

The second key I tried opened the top cabinet. It contained everything you would ever need for a douche or enema. All the bags, hoses, and tips were neatly hanging on hooks. There were several bottles, all labeled with instructions. The bottom shelf had one stack of vinyl covers and another stack of fitted sheets; both looked like they would fit the massage table. Two double hang IV poles were hanging on hooks on the inside of the cabinet door.

The same key opened the second cabinet. When I pulled the door open, and we looked inside, Kathy laughed, "Oh shit, Al had to have something to do with all this." There was a verity of dildos, vibrators, butt plugs, strap- on, and harnesses with inserts.

I noticed two toys shaped like a real cock, but I could see a hole in the head and several small holes along the shaft. They had a four-foot long hose with an inline control valve, attached to the other end. There were also several bottles of various types of lubes.

There was a booklet lying on a shelf just below the toys. It contained instructions, with pictures of every item in the two cabinets. The first picture was of a woman lying on her side on the table; the IV pole was in a holder at the corner of the table with an enema bag hanging from it and a tube inserted in the woman's ass. There were also instructions for deep bowel enemas, anal canal enemas, (daily maintenance for anal sex), coffee enema, (full clean out with a little caffeine high).

Kathy and I both looked a little puzzled and laughed when we read about the coffee. As we continued to look through the booklet, we found directions on the dildos with the tubes. The gray one was for anal use, and the white one was for vaginal use. There were instructions, with pictures, on how to connect them to fittings in the shower wall and adjust the water pressure and temperature.

Kathy grabbed the two toys a small jar of coconut oil, and we stepped over to the shower entrance and looked inside. It was designed in such a way that it didn't require a shower door. The floor had a slight tilted to the middle, and there was a line of small showerheads up both sides and over the top. When I turned on the controls, it created a fine mist of water similar to a soft shower of rain.

We walked through the warm mist of water into a shower. It was different from anything we had ever seen before. There were six hand-held shower heads in their holders about six feet up the wall with a smooth round marble seat about three feet off the floor, attached to the wall by a stainless steel bracket. There was also a unique shaped frame attached to the back wall. It had two oval shaped shafts about two feet long by four inches in diameter. They were attached to a flat, half-moon shaped frame at about a fourth five-degree angle of each other, and attached to the wall by the back plate, and the front of the rack had two padded handgrips on it. It reminded me of a saddle rack. 

There were connections and control valves on either side of the rack and a hook on either side about two feet above the rack.

Kathy and I both looked at it, trying to determine why it was there. Kathy looked at me and started smiling. She handed me the two toys and jar of cream, then put one leg over the rack and straddled it like a saddle.

Once she was setting in place, we realized she was in a comfortable setting position with the pussy and asshole totally exposed and gaped open a little.

I fastened the end of the hoses to the fittings on the wall. I adjusted the water pressure and temperature on each line and then turned the water off with the inline valve.

Kathy was smiling, and lightly fingering her pussy as she watched me getting things ready. I opened the jar and dipped two fingers into the coconut oil. It was rather thick and clingy. As I applied it to the gray dildo, I found it was also very slick.

Kathy dipped two fingers into the jar, reached back and coated her ass with it, pushing one finger into her anal passage. 

"Your slut wife's holes are ready for you.. my husband. Fill me up with the nice warm water, and it'll make me cum again."

I opened the inline valves about half way. There was a small stream of water squirting out the end with smaller sprays coming out the small holes up and down the shaft. I aligned it with Kathy shit hole and pushed. 

Kathy moaned as I pushed deeper into her. "Wide open my husband, turn the water valve wide open."

I did as she asked, then aligned the white one with her slightly gaped open pussy. I pushed until I heard, "AAAAHHHHH, right there Baby, now turn it wide open."

As soon as I turned the second valve open, Kathy moaned and leaned back against the shower. The water was gushing out both of her holes, and she had totally surrendered herself to the pleasures.

"Fuck my holes my husband, fuck me hard" Kathy pleaded. 

I dropped to my knees and started a rhythm of fucking the toys in and out of her holes. 

I noticed when she was leaning back against the shower wall that her pussy was a little more exposed. I continued the fucking rhythm in her pussy and ass as I leaned into her and started licking her clit.

Kathy grabbed the back of my head and pulled me tight into her clit. Her loud moaning developed into a loud scream as she reached an all-out, mind-blowing climax. She fell back against the shower wall, her head dropped down, and her arms dropped to her side.

I let go of the hoses and grabbed Kathy just before she fell off the rack. I held her in my arms for a few second, and then she looked up at me. She was smiling as she threw her arms around my neck. Both dildos slipped out of her ass and pussy at the same time causing her to let another loud moan.

Kathy kissed me hard and passionately, her hungry tongue plunging deep into my mouth. She broke the kiss and whispered, "You've got to try this, let me fuck your ass and suck your cock at the same time. You're going to love it.

"Dear wife of mine, I don't think I have a drop of cum left in me, but we'll try anything you want to try," I said as I helped her off the rack.

I straddled the rack and could feel my asshole open up a little, and my cock and balls were hanging down, totally exposed to my kinky wife, for her to do with as she pleased.

She dipped her fingers in the coconut oil then covered my ass, pushing one, and then two fingers up inside, twisting them from side to side.

She pulled her fingers out of my ass, and I could feel the small, warm stream of water from the dildo as Kathy lined it up with my hole. As the tip pushed past my sphincter, I could feel the water filling my gut, and I was able to hold the water inside for a short time. The dildo tip was about six inches long. By the time Kathy had about five inches of it in my asshole, I could feel the water squirting against the walls of my shit hole. I was so full of water I couldn't hold it inside any longer.

Kathy started fucking the tip in and out of my ass. I had water squirting in and water running out my ass at the same time. Each time she pulled out or pushed it back in a hard stream of water would spray against my prostate. This was giving me a raging hard-on, and it was like an electric shock shooting through my body

At the same time, Kathy was holding the white toy up behind my scrotum, letting the water spray over my balls

I remember my body felt like it was on fire. I could remember, I threw my head back and looked up at the ceiling. The next thing I remember was Kathy laughing, and her arms were around me, holding me close. 

"You're gonna be okay my darling. I'm holding you; I'm not gonna let you fall" Kathy said as she kissed me all over my face

It took me a few seconds to realize I had blacked out. "Damn baby, what a ride," I said as my brain slowly returns to reality.

We quickly cleaned up everything then took our showers. We were both a little hungry by then, so we headed for the kitchen, hoping we could find a quick snack.

We found a verity of cold cuts and fresh baked bread. The wine cooler had a good selection of wines. We made a couple of super sandwiches, uncorked a bottle of wine and headed for the den.

Calling this a den would defiantly be an understatement, I've seen houses with less floor space. The decor was a western theme with a big stone fireplace. There was a large TV off to the left of the fireplace, but the thing that really caught my eye was the two built-in cabinets on each side of the TV.

They didn't have any handles to open the doors. Instead, they both had a gold colored key slot. I had noticed one gold colored key on the ring Erich had given us. We set our food and wine down on the tables in front of the big four-cushion coach and proceeded to the cabinets to satisfy our curiosity. 

The key fit and we found that the first cabinet we opened contained a verity of camera equipment. There were two 16 mm movie cameras and two DVD cameras, three different types of still cameras, two tripods and several pieces of equipment that looked as though it could be used to edit or review films.

The next cabinet contained four shelves of DVDs. The top shelf had a small label, Blank Tapes. The second shelf and about half of the third one had DVDs with printed covers. We looked at several of these and found they were all sex tapes with such titles as, Strap-on party, Getting Fisted, Rainy Day Party and Entered by The Back Door.

All the other DVD's had clear covers with written titles on the end of the cover. The first one we looked at was labeled, Dale, Salvia and Tim's first family meeting/Salvia's and Stephen's time with Moms and Dads.

We held that tape out to watch first and then looked at a couple more labels. The next one was marked, Fun Night with Erich and family/First Meeting with Lawan. We looked at several others labels and noticed they all had two to three different titles on each one.

We turned on the TV and DVD player then popped in the tape. When the tape first started, we thought it was defective. The TV screen just showed various shades of red and pink. Then the camera zoomed out, and we could see that it was a close-up of the inside of Salvia's pussy. She was holding it open with her fingers as she was sitting naked on the edge of the couch we were now sitting on.

"And then there was a pussy, and that's one of the things we are here for," Salvia said as the camera panned around the room.
