 Thanks for reading and please drop me a note telling me how you enjoyed it. Feel free to try some of my other stories as well. I wrote this on my birthday last Wed.

It wasn’t a bad day at all as birthday’s go. I was just returning to work after lunch in my car. The sun was shining brightly and the temperatures had finally warmed up to the point where the ladies had shed their winter coats as they strolled into Starbucks. 

I often grabbed a burger and parked here to watch the endless stream of middle American women walk in and out dressed in their business attire. 

Today had been excellent as many of the coats had been left at home. 

I pulled into a parking space and shut off the engine still imagining the little blond hottie I saw just before I had left, long shapely legs wrapped in black stockings shaped by a moderately high heel. A knee length business skirt hugged her gracefully curved hips and a light silk blouse let her c cup breasts sway seductively as she walked. 

Once I got back to work a sat a moment thinking what it would be like to play with her.

I got out of the truck and began my journey inside to my office when I spotted her again out of the corner of my eye. 

She was striding down the sidewalk toward the same door I was and I hastened to make sure I arrived at the same time. She beat me by a step and I reached for the door as she grabbed the id hanging on a lanyard around her neck, bent down to the waist level scanner and slid the card through the slot. 

Those lovely breasts hung invitingly as I looked directly down her shirt. My mouth went dry and I was just about to lick my lips when she tossed her hair over to one side and looked directly into my eyes. 

Busted!

She smiled crookedly as I tried in vain to appear disinterested. 

“What, do you think it’s your birthday?” She asked in a semi serious but playful voice. 

Trying to recoup all measure of respect I met her gaze and actually responded “Well, Uh actually it is now that you mention it.” 

She smiled again as she breezed past me and through the door I held open. Her perfume was captivating, light and airy but with the spicy hint of pleasures to come. 

She walked purposefully across the lobby and I sensed our discussion was over as I followed her deeper inside the building. I stayed a step or three behind and admired the way her hips rolled as she walked. A slit in the back of the skirt offered me a tease of thigh ever so often. Looking up I noticed she was heading once again for the same door I was, the door to the stairwell. 

I took a couple of quick steps and reached around her to grasp the handle and pull the door open as she stepped inside. Again she flashed her smile and my erection painfully strained at my pants as I focused on the deep red lipstick she wore. 

Through the door she began to ascend the stairs, each step her skirt rode higher up on her thigh and I could just make out the stocking top through the slit. I started up after her when suddenly I realized that she was no longer moving. I stopped just one step below and as she quickly turned I found myself staring directly eye level with her delectable chest. 

“Well my friend.” She started sexily “Since it Is your birthday and all, perhaps we should unwrap your present.”

Looking down into my eyes she reached up and started to unbutton her blouse. This time I did lick my lips and she smiled again. 

“So tell me, don’t you want to play with your present?” she teased as she pulled her blouse slowly open. I reached up and cupped her lace bra in my hands, my fingers laying across her smooth honey skin on top. They hung fairly free despite the bra, firm enough to need little support, which allowed them their mesmerizing sway.

She reached forward and pulled me by the tie until my face was buried in her breasts. I marveled at the softness.

She stepped past me and led me by the tie to the bottom of the stairwell, turning to the left away from the door she pulled me into a small empty alcove made by the rise of the stairs and partially shielded from the door.

She pushed me into the corner and reached to unclasp her bra. “Be good, and you’ll have fun birthday boy, but there is a limit to what we can do.” With that she pulled me down and I took her nipple into my lips. I suckled gently then released and swirled my tongue around the tip, sucked again and flipped my tongue back and forth across it. She moaned and reached to undo my belt. 

I couldn’t believe what was happening as her tiny hand reached in and pulled me out through my boxers. She stroked me gently as I continued to knead her tits, rolling the nipples through my fingers till she pulled away. 

She stepped back and smiled again as she reached down and worked her skirt up and above her thighs. I could make out the small golden strip of her pussy through the sheer black material. She reached down again for my cock and I noticed a line of pre cum as it slid across the palm of her hand. 

Dropping to her knees she looked up into my eyes. Those deep pools of green held me riveted as she licked the juice I had already leaked from the tip. Slowly she slid her rich red lips down my shaft. The contrast of the red upon my light cock was almost enough to bring me off alone. Once she reached as far down as she could go she dropped her hands and placed them behind her back, moving her whole body to work up and down my cock. She looked deeply into my eyes and I was startled to see her do what I most loved in a blow job, look completely submissive with no hand to control the depth of my thrusts. 

I groaned and closed my eyes laying my head back trying not to explode to quickly. She slowed allowing me to catch myself and then the door opened.

We froze as we heard the conversation of coworkers returning from lunch. I tried not to breathe as the little bitch began once again to service me, almost daring me to make a sound. I watched as the legs moved up the stairs and actually saw right up a dress as it quickly passed overhead. 

I looked down and almost saw a smile as my stranger closed her eyes and gasped. I looked down and saw why; she had slid a finger along the edge of her panties and was working it deep within her silky pussy. The other hand cupped her breast and tugged and pinched at the nipple. Her eyes opened and it seemed each time she opened her mouth to groan she would shove more of my hardness down her throat. 

She worked faster and faster, her hand making small circles when suddenly she tipped her head back and came hard. I couldn’t take it anymore, the sight of this luscious blond business woman , her ruby lips surrounding my cock as a slight squealing gasp escaped her in her orgasm, was too much. I erupted with her, my cum blasting forth and muffling her gasps as it filled her mouth too quickly for her to swallow. A small trickle escaped dripping from the corner of her mouth. Slumping slightly I struggled to stay on my feet, my wet cock slipping from the warmth of her lips.

She smiled again pulling her hand out of her panties and used them to blot at her wet pussy. She hooked a thumb on either side and slid the wispy material to her knees then rose to her feet letting them slither down the rest of the way. She stepped out with one foot and used the other to lift her panties up behind her and reached back grabbing them. 

She leaned close pressing her tits to my chest, looked up into my eyes with a please fuck me stare. She kissed me deeply, my own cum smeared between our chins “By the way, your wife say’s Happy Birthday and dinner is at 6.” She paused to wipe my drippings with her panties before stuffing them into my shirt pocket, “I am to arrive at 7:30 and your wife and I will give you a show soon after. Now go back to work Jason.”

With that she turned and walked up the stairs buttoning her blouse as she went. I pulled her panties free and inhaled deeply of her scent imagining what the night held in store.