 This is my first story, so try not to be too hard on me. ;)



I barely know you... I've seen you around town a few times and some of my friends know you. Every time I see you my knees get so weak and... I can't help but get a little wet. I know your birthday is tomorrow and from what I've heard you're a little bit lonely so when I run into you in the grocery store I ask you to come to my place for dinner tomorrow night. My heart starts beating a little faster when you agree. We exchange phone numbers and I give you my address, continue my shopping, and return home.

I don't get very nervous until the next day... What am I going to wear? Do you find me attractive? You wouldn't have agreed to come over if you didn't, would you? Are you going to... you know... let me have you? I should be prepared... just in case, right? I mean nothing is certain, but I don't want to get up to that point and not be prepared. I eat breakfast, do my morning exercise routine, and jump in the shower. I make sure to shave every square inch of my body so that there isn't stubble anywhere. I lather my body up with soap, rinse, and then completely cover my body in sugar scrub... I want my skin to be extra soft for tonight... just in case. I can't help but wish you were here with me, though.... I bet you're good... I bet you're amazing... And I bet you wouldn't mind the sight of the water droplets making their way down my tall, thin, lathered body.

I await your arrival throughout the day by picking up candles and a birthday cake, getting dressed for the evening, and then fixing a meal I'm hoping you'll love.... grilled chicken, hash brown casserole, and a fresh fruit salad. It's almost time for you to get here so I do my best calligraphy with the icing on the cake as I possibly can in that amount of time. It's 7:30 PM sharp when the doorbell rings... you have impeccable timing. 

I rush to the door, but act as calm as I can opening it to greet you. You pay me gratitude with a soft kiss on the cheek as you make your way into my apartment. I lead you into my kitchen and plate our food as we make small talk about our jobs and friends and things we enjoy doing. You seem to be thoroughly enjoying dinner because every 5 minutes you compliment me on how delicious it is. I'm so happy I could please you. You're such a captivating being... Your eyes, your smile, your hair, your laugh, your body.... like someone out of a magazine... making me so wet just by being yourself.

Once we're finished with our meal, I take our plates to the sink and leave the room, promising it will only take a minute. I return with the birthday cake. I lie and say I made it trying to impress you, but I know you can tell it's just from the downtown bakery. I'm only halfway lying, though. I did write your name in the icing. We both eat a slice and I can tell you're wondering what will happen afterwards. By the way you look at me, I can tell what you want to happen afterwards. I know exactly what you want, but I can't promise that yet... I've just met you. It would be shameful of me to... but the way you're moving, the way you're eyeing me... How shameful can it be if you look like such an angle with every move you make? Even so I can't let you have it right away... It'd be too easy. I have to tease you a little first... After all, it's what I'm best at. So I take my finger and swipe some icing from the cake, sucking it off my finger as my eyes stare directly at yours. If there was any doubt before, it's written all over your face now. You want it just as badly as I do... perhaps even more if that's possible, but it's cute... the way you're trying to hide it... 

"Let me just... I-I think we know each other a little better than we d-did at the beginning of this, don't you?" you ask, stumbling over some of your words.

"Why yes. Yes, I think we do," I answer smiling. 

"Then you wouldn't mind if I sat a little closer to you, would you? I m-mean we are kind of far apart and I feel I could..." 

"Yes," I cut you off. 

"You may sit next to me." 

You get up and scoot your chair next to me. We make some more small talk... you've had the same type of boring women in your life and I've had the same type of dreadful men. You need someone more exciting, with more imagination, someone more... creative. You put your hand around my waist as I suck some more icing off of my finger making sure I look directly into your eyes as I do. 

"Do you want a taste?" I ask ever so coyly. 

Your mouth moves toward my finger, your lips go all the way to the bottom and grip it tighter as they slide up. I know I must be wet, but I can't feel it yet, but I know because I'm trembling on the inside. I can now see that you're amazing with your mouth... but how will you know how good I am with mine if I don't show you? I slide your middle finger through the icing making sure it's covered before I swirl my tongue getting all of it off the tip of your finger and taking you into my mouth.... That does it for you. I can barely catch a breath before your lips are pressed hard against mine and your fingernails are sliding up and down my thigh under my dress while your other hand holds my head so you can kiss me as hard as possible. I'm gonna be dripping here soon.... The inside of my thigh is my biggest hot spot and for whatever reason I feel as if you may have already known that. Your tongue hits mine and you taste of icing. You kiss your way from my lips to my neck and I moan softly as your lips caress my bare skin. You slide one strap of my dress down my shoulder and your lips make their way down there too. I open my eyes and look down only to see your huge cock bulging in your pants. I had seen a glimpse of it earlier when we were standing by the stove, but it's truly enormous when you're sitting down and it's pressed up against the fabric. I reach for it and rub it gently as you continue teasing me and making my panties wet with my juices.

You ask my permission to take my dress off and when I grant it, you do. You put your mouth back on my neck and move your hand from my thigh to my breasts, squeezing them over my bra. I can feel it now... I'm getting wetter and wetter. I take off my bra exposing my breasts to you and you take my left into your mouth, sucking my pink nipples and I moan in pleasure when all of a sudden I feel your hand reach into my pink silk thong and your finger makes its way between my pussy lips. You let out a slight moan when you feel how wet I am for you. You rub my clit slowly as your mouth makes its way back up to my neck. My heart i beating so fast and it feels so good. After awhile I know I'm about to cum. 

"Please... please don't stop."

"Don't stop?"

"Don't stop! It feels so good. I'm gonna cum for you, baby. I'm gonna cum so fucking hard for you. Please don't stop."

Your finger rubs my clit and I feel my muscles clench tight.

"Oh fuck! Baby, oh my god! Yes! Right there! Yes! Yes! YEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!"

It raged through my body like an electrical shock and I had to catch my breath. 

You kiss my cheek and slide your finger between my pussy lips and move it to my mouth so I can taste myself and you can feel my lips on you. You kiss me passionately. It's your turn.... 

I stand up and rip your shirt off, slamming your body onto the kitchen table so you just miss landing on the cake. I undo your belt, and then your pants, your boxers (from which I can see the tip of your cock sticking out just waiting for me to make it feel good), your shoes and your socks throwing every piece of clothing to the floor. I remove my panties (that's all that was left anyways) before slamming my hand onto the cake, covering it with icing and smothering it all over your rock hard cock. I can't wait to get my mouth on it... It's so perfect. It's the best I've ever seen and certainly large in size. I swirl my tongue over the head of your dick just like I did to your finger and slide my lips over the head as you moan. It's the first time I've ever taken you into my mouth and you know right from the start I'll be the best you've ever had. I roll your balls in one hand while holding the very end of your dick with the other and slide my tongue all the way down from the tip to the end and back underneath it. 

"Do you like that, baby?"

"I like it very much."

"Mmmm... good. That's what I like to hear."

I can tell you're just dying for me to take you all the way into my mouth... so I do. I slide my lips all the way from over the head to the very tip and start moving my mouth back and forth on your cock... slowly at first. I really want to enjoy the taste of your dick and the icing mixed together... They both taste so good. I moan on your dick which sends vibrations through your body and you moan loudly. It feels so good and I get super wet at the sound of each moan. I eventually start a new motion holding the base of your dick with my thumb and pointer finger around it sliding it half-way up and back down as my lips slide half-way down and back up. I can tell how much you love this because your moans start to get louder. I start rolling your balls with my other hand again. You get even louder. I tell you to stand up so I can finish you off. You stand and I get on my knees taking you back into my mouth as fast as possible and moving back and forth again faster and faster. 

"I'm getting close."

"Are you gonna cum for me, baby?"

"Yeah. I'm gonna cum for you."

"Ohhhh yeah. Shoot that hot load into my mouth."

"Oh fuck yeah! Are you ready?"

I nod my head.

"Here it comes... Oh! Oh! Fuck, baby. Yeah. Suck my fucking dick just like that. Yeah. FUCK!"

I open wide as I jack you off and your cum fills my mouth. I swirl it around in my mouth so you can see it before swallowing. 

Your fingers guide my chin up, motioning me to stand so you can kiss me and hold me close.

I guess you could say we did both that night. We fucked AND we made love.. with our mouths that is. You spent the night and the next morning I was awoken by a certain voice whispering in my ear.... 

"Best. birthday. ever."