 I quickly turned the corner, not paying attention until I heard the metal on metal collision. 

"Fuck," I swore as I made eye contact with the person who I had literally run into. I looked up just in time to see a specialty cake from the grocery store's bakery topple off of the stack of groceries it was meticulously stacked upon, and onto the floor. 

"Oh God. I am so sorry," I quickly said. "Please tell me that's just a basic cake that has no specific purpose." 

"I could, but it would be a lie," he said as he bent down and picked up the container. The cake was entirely smashed against the plastic lid; there was no way to save it. "I had it special ordered for my wife's fifty-fifth birthday party."

"I'm so sorry," I apologized with full sincerity. "Oh, I know, come with me. I will totally pay for a new cake and I don't care if I have to pay extra to have it rushed."

I quickly turned my cart around, only briefly glancing to make sure that he was following me. I swerved through customers, paying them no mind, focused solely on getting to the bakery counter as fast as I could. Finally I reached the counter, the counter that was decorated and adorned with beautiful cakes aplenty. "I need to get a cake," I said with authority.

"Okay," the young man behind the counter said. I tapped my foot impatiently as the kid, who looked no older than seventeen scoured the area for what I assume was the order forms. "What kinda cake do you want?" Seriously kid, act as thought you at least kind of like your job. Was it really only five years ago that I was his age? 

"I'll make this real easy for you. Look through the orders that got picked up today, find... Oh, I'm sorry, what was your name?" I asked turning my attention from the kid behind the counter to the salt and pepper haired man next to me. 

"Jim," he answered. "The order is under Jim Greene."

"Okay, look through the orders that were picked up today and find Jim Greene's cake. I was that exact cake."

He began flipping through the receipts until he found the correct order. "You want it exactly the same?" I nodded my head in reply. "When do you want to pick it up?"

"As soon as possible. I am trying to replace this cake that is now ruined." As if to prove my point, I picked up the container with the smashed cake and put it on the counter. 

"It will be ready Thursday," he said transferring the information onto a new order form. 

"Whoa whoa whoa Mark," I said reading his nametag. 

"I need that cake like today. It's for a very important lady's birthday party. I'll pay the fee for a rush order or whatever."

"The lady who makes the cakes isn't here," Mark replied. 

"Fuck," I swore out loud. "Is there any way you can help me? I need a cake. Can I have one of these? Which one do you think your wife will like, Jim?" I gestured to the beautifully decorated cakes that were on top of the counter.

"Those aren't real cakes," Mark said softly, almost as though he didn't want me to hear him. 

"They are just Styrofoam with the icing on them."

"Crap. Okay, what do I do, what do I do?" 

"It's okay," Jim dismissed. "I can just go and pick out enough cupcakes for the party. It'll all work out."

"I can't let you do that. I feel so awful. Hey! I just made a cake the other day. I still have all the fondant and everything. How about this? I will make you a replacement cake. However you want it to look, I can make it happen."

"Really, it's okay," he said quickly. "It was an accident."

"I really do feel bad. I am not going to take no for an answer." I guess Jim could tell that I meant business, because he resigned from protesting and shrugged his shoulders in defeat. 

"Perfect. We won't be needing that cake after all Mark. Thanks anyways."

Jim and I quickly made our way to the cash register, and I insisted on paying for his candles and the package of paper plates. On the way out of the store, I gave him basic instructions to get to my apartment, in case we got separated on the drive.

"Vanilla cake or chocolate?" I asked pulling ingredients from the pantry and refrigerator. 

"I had ordered the top and bottom tier to be vanilla, dyed pink, and the middle chocolate. But whatever you have will be more than enough. I don't think it even needs to be that big."

"Oh, nonsense. I am going to get this shit done." I located three square pans from the drawer below the oven and did a slight victory dance when I realized that they were in descending sizes and would work perfectly for the tiered cake. 

"I feel like I should ask your name?" Jim asked, "Since I am sitting at your dining room table and everything."

"That might be a good idea," I said with a laugh. "I'm Audrey."

I dug some food coloring out of the back of a drawer to put into the vanilla mix. As I struggled to remove the lid, the entire top of the bottle flew off, covering the front of my shirt with dye. "Fucking A," I said loudly, pealing my shirt off of my body as I turned the sink on, anxious to prevent the stain from setting. 

I was suddenly reminded that I was not alone in my apartment when I heard a chuckle come from the dining room. "Oops," I giggled as I stood in front of the mixing bowl, clad in a bra and a pair of shorts. While I never would have done that if I was thinking clearly and wasn't in a frazzled state of mind, at that moment, I was more interested in getting the cakes into the oven than covering up. "I'm just going to pretend that I'm at the beach."

"You'll get no complaints from me," Jim replied in a deepened voice.

For some reason, hearing his casual response caused a slight twinge between my legs. I could feel his eyes on me as I feverishly mixed the batter together. Feeling a sense of adventure, I subtly arched my back slightly, causing my chest to rise slightly as I began pouring the smoothed, slightly pink batter into the largest and the smallest pans. 

Grabbing the larger pan, I spun on my heel towards the oven knowing that I needed to get it into the oven first. As I opened the door to the preheated oven, I bent, at the waist, a bit more than necessary, knowing that Jim's eyes would be glued to my ass. After closing the door, I turned back around and began preparing the chocolate cake batter. Occasionally, I ran my hand through my long dark hair, allowing it to cascade down my shoulders. 

"Well Jim, we just have to wait forty-five minutes or so for the cakes to bake, and then allow them to cool a bit, hopefully putting them into the freezer will speed that up, and then I'm a speedy decorator. I'd say we can have you on your merry way in less than three hours."

"Perfect," he replied not getting up from his spot at the table.

"So, since I screwed up your cake, I will let you pick what we do while the replacement ones bake."

I heard Jim mutter something under his breath, a slight smile across his lips, but couldn't quite make out what he said. I looked questioningly at him, with a raised eyebrow, and saw his smile grow just a bit. With my hand on my hip, I grabbed the corner of my lip between my teeth and continued to wait for his suggestion. 

"You really shouldn't start things you have no intention of finishing," he said as he pushed himself up off of his chair and faced towards the living room. I couldn't help but notice that the front of his trousers seemed to be fitting a bit snug. 

"I always follow through," I said casually as I confidently walked through the dining room and towards the open living room area. "It's a character trait I've always had."

"Oh really?" Jim asked as he sat down next to me on the couch. Once again, the way I could practically feel his eyes roaming over my body as I reached forward for the television remote caused another tingle between my legs. 

"Mhm," I mumbled as my fingers wrapped around the remote control.

"Fuck this" Jim said suddenly. Before I knew what was happening, the remote control was ripped out of my hand and tossed somewhere across the room and body was pulled towards Jim's. His lips pressed hard into mine, his tongue dragging along the slit between my lips. I happily obliged and granted his tongue entrance to my mouth. He pressed my body harder against mine, my bare skin against his shirt, until I started to lean backwards. I moaned in pleasure, as I felt his weight on top of me. 

One of his hands tangled in my hair as our tongues continued to battle for control within the confines of our mouths. I felt the other hand, pressing against the cushion and reaching under my body. He expertly unclasped my bra and I helped him pull the straps off my shoulders and tossed the garment to the side. My nipples immediately hardened, much to Jim's enjoyment. His lips pulled from mine and before I could let out a whimper of dissatisfaction, I felt his lips close around my hardened nipple. His tongue danced across the sensitive bud of my left breast while his fingers tweeked at the right. 

After spending a few moments on each of my nipples, which was heavenly, his lips pulled away and began suckling kisses down the center of my stomach. When he got to my belly button, his tongue dipped in, which his fingers fumbled with the button on my shorts. Gripping both my shorts and the waistband of my underwear, Jim pulled the material down my legs and tossed it to the side somewhere. I felt his breath fan across my center and chills ran up my spine. 

Jim placed a soft kiss right at the top of my pussy slit, causing my fingers of my left hand to thread themselves through his hair. Slowly, he trailed kisses down my smooth pussy and just as I was about to sigh in frustration, I felt his tongue press into me and lick all the way up. 

Using his fingers to spread my pussy open, his tongue moved slowly but deliberately through my folds. Slowly his lips closed around my clit and he sucked softly. "Fuck," I moaned as I felt his tongue lapping at my clit from within the suction of his mouth. Taking that as an invitation, I felt Jim ease a finger into my pussy, the wetness acting as a lubricant. 

"I need you," I said before breaking off in a moan as he added a second finger into my pussy. "I need you. Inside of me."

"My finger is inside of you," he said releasing my clit from his mouth. He returned to short hard licks against my pussy. 

"Your cock. I need you to fucking fuck me."

"Someone is eager," Jim replied. I felt his fingers pull out of my pussy and replace themselves on my clit. While he moved his fingers quickly back and forth, he entered me with his tongue. 

"Oh God," I moaned in pleasure. 

"Mmm," I heard him moan against my skin, the vibrations causing goose bumps to prickle on my arms.

"Just put your cock into my pussy! I need a cock inside of me," I practically begged. "If you don't think you can handle that, I have a pretty realistic looking toy in my bedroom that I can use."

"No way, Baby," Jim responded. 

"Well then follow me to my bed room and fuck me."

I used my arms to push Jim off of me and stood up, smiling at the slight wet spot on the couch from where my pussy had been. I walked towards my bedroom, and I swear I was so wet some of it ran down my leg.

Jim dropped his pants at the doorway as I jumped onto the bed, collapsing on top of the blankets. I scooted back a bit until my head was propped up by the pillows. For the first time, I was able to see Jim's cock, as he maneuvered his way on the bed. Almost as if it was a reflex, my mouth watered at the long hard cock that was within my grasp. 

I dipped a few fingers into my pussy, coating them with wetness, before extending my arm towards the thick cock in front of me. With the wetness coating my fingers, I was able to move my hand up and down Jim's cock with ease. I allowed my thumb to rub the underside of the head back and forth a few times. 

Jim continued to come closer to me until the head of his cock was pushing against my pussy lips. He slowly lowered himself down, allowing just the head to enter me. Not satisfied with the slow pace he was moving, I thrust my hips up, sliding more of his cock into me. Getting the hint, Jim slid the entire length of his cock into my pussy.

"Your cock is so big," I moaned as he remained still for a few moments, allowing my pussy to stretch around his hardness. Jim slowly pulled his cock out, all but the very tip, before slamming it back into my tightness. I knew that with the way he was eating my pussy earlier, I wasn't going to last very long now that his cock was filling and stretching my pussy. 

The sound of skin slapping together echoed against the walls of the room, only seeming to excite Jim more. As he sped up his thrusting even more, my entire body shook from the force. In and out. In and out. In and out. His cock filled my pussy and retreated, before slamming back in my enough force to make me moan out in pleasure. 

As Jim slid out of my pussy, his cock came all the way out and he began slowly dragging it up and down my slit, pressing it against my super sensitive clit before unexpectedly thrusting it back into my pussy. "You're so tight, Baby." Using all of my concentration, I flexed my kegal muscles, tightening around him even more. "God damn," he moaned. 

My hips raised off of the bed and met his rapidly moving hips, thrust for thrust, allowing him even deeper penetration. On each upward thrust, I tightened my muscles, gripping his cock ever so slightly. 

"I'm going to cum," Jim moaned. I felt his cock harden more, if that was even possible. 

Feeling my own orgasm approaching, I nodded my head in response. A few more thrusts and I knew that I was going to be pushed over the edge. "I. Am. So. Close," I said in between ragged breaths. "Fuck me. Make me cum!"

Apparently Jim took that as an order; he leaned down and captured one of my nipples in between his lips and nibbled ever so slightly as he sucked on the hardened flesh. 

Almost immediately, I felt the familiar warmth pool in the pit of my stomach, and my toes curled. "Fuuuuuck," I moaned out. Every muscle in my pussy clenched as my orgasm washed over my body. My leg jerked to the side and I suddenly found breathing very difficult. 

"I'm about to cum," I heard Jim say, somehow able to understand him through my spinning brain. 

"Cum in me. Fill me with your cum!" 

I felt his cock squirt warm cum into the depths of my pussy, rope after rope. After his cock emptied itself in my vagina, he slowly pulled out and collapsed onto the bed next to me. "Damn," he moaned as I reached off of the edge of the bed and found a pair of boxer shorts and shimmied them up my legs. 

Almost as if on cue, I heard the timer from the kitchen. "Cakes are ready," I said with a smile pulling myself from the comfy confines of my bed. 

I picked up a shirt from near the door and as I walked through the living room, I found my previously discarded bra.

I pulled the hot pans out of the oven, allowing them to rest on the stove top for a few moments. I maneuvered things around my freezer, giving me ample room to place the cake pans in. While they began chilling, clad in an oversized t-shirt and boxer shorts, I quickly found the ingredients needed to make a simple buttercream frosting. 

I expertly mixed everything together, setting the bowl to the side, before locating the fondant that I had made a few days prior. I rolled it out on the counter, leaving a three pieces large enough to cover the cakes entirely, and then reached for the cookie cutters I had in a drawer. "What kind of shapes do you want on this cake?" I called into my bedroom where Jim was still lounging on my bed. 

"I had just ordered polka dots." I looked up and saw that he had slid his boxers back onto his body. For a moment, my breath got caught in my throat. For a man in his mid-fifties, Jim was hot. His chest tanned and sprinkled with whisps of graying hair. It was fairly obvious, that while he no longer had a clearly defined six-pack, he used to be very muscular, and his age had not prevented him from remaining toned. 

"Okay," I managed to get out as I reached for the circular cutters and began to cut out various sized circles. 

I was concentrating on the task at hand, that I didn't notice Jim strip his boxers off of his body again. I also didn't notice his index finger dip into the frosting I had made. Nor did I notice when he took his frosting-covered finger and drag it along the top of his cock. "I seem to have gotten some frosting on me."

I looked up, and immediately looked down to his semi-hardened cock, which sure enough had a bit of frosting covering it. "However did that get there?" I asked with a raised eyebrow. Jim gave me an over exaggerated shrug of the shoulders in response. 

A smirk worked its way across my face as I rested the cookie cutter on the counter top and slowly lowered my body, landing on my knees right in front of him. Eye to eye with his cock, and my mouth began to water. Sticking my tongue out of my mouth, I licked down the length of his shaft, collecting the frosting. Once I reached the head, I swirled my tongue around, mixing the frosting with the first drop of pre-cum that dripped out. 

"Mmm. So good."

I kept just the head of his head of us cock in my mouth, swirling my tongue around the tip, as I used my right hand, pumping up and down the length of his shaft, from the base to where my lips were wrapped around. After a few pumps, getting his cock entirely hard, I removed my hand and turned my head, so I was staring at the side of his cock. I flattened my tongue, pressed it against the underside of his cock, and drug it down the length of his hardened member. As I reached the base of his cock, I swirled my tongue around his skin, leaving a trail of spit along his pubic bone. 

Placing suckling kisses along the length, I ended with a slight suck right at the head of Jim's cock. I quickly buried his cock into my mouth as far as it would go, hearing Jim take in a sharp intake of breath. With my mouth covering most of the length, I began slowly bobbing my head up and down. My mouth made a soft suction around his cock as my tongue ran up and down the length in sync with the bobbing of my head. 

I used the soft fingers of my right hand and began tracing small patters against the skin of Jim's balls, loving the feeling of them contracting ever so slightly. With my other hand, I began fondling the nipple of my left breast through my t-shirt. I felt Jim's fingers thread into my hair and push my head forward ever so slightly. Not quite forcing my face onto his cock, but more guiding my mouth across his length. I obliged when his 'guidance' picked up speed, and began moving my head back and forth at a quicker pace. 

"I'm not going to last much longer," Jim warned me. I did not let up in the slightest, working my tongue softly against his delicious cock. As I heard his breathing increase, a tingle peeked in my pussy and I instantly became a bit wetter. 

I slowed down on the bobbing up and down on Jim's cock and added a bit more suction. Glancing up at Jim, I winked at him when I saw his eyes watching me intently as my mouth glided up and down his shaft. I increased the suction a bit more, and allowed the gaze in my eyes to silently beg Jim for his cum. 

"Baby, I'm going to cum. And if you don't stop and let me fuck you again, it's going to be in your mouth."

"Mmm" I hummed in excitement, his cock never leaving the confines of my mouth. A moan escaping Jim's lips let me know that he enjoyed the slight bit of vibration I just played across his penis. I moaned a few times, making sure to let him feel the vibrations of my mouth. 

"Fuck!" James swore once, before letting loose a slew of unintelligible words as his hips lost their focus and sloppily moved back and forth. A loud moan escaped from him mouth as I felt his hips thrust harshly forward one final time, before I felt a warm liquid enter my mouth and effortlessly flow down my throat. I continued sucking his cock, wanting to get every possible drop of cum this man had to offer me. 
