 Friday after work, Johnny and Gregg met for drinks.

After they had ordered beers, Johnny asked, "So tell me, why are 'feeling good? Did you and Maria get back together?"

"No. Never happen."

"You're dating one of her girl friends?"

"No, she poisoned the well. Told them all I was a pervert. She told them I tied her up, spanked her, did her ass, had threesomes." He shook his head.

"Did you?"

"Well, yeah. But we never did anything she didn't enjoy, but that's not what she's saying now."

"So you found someone new?"

"Well, that's it. Yesterday was my birthday."

"Hey, Happy Birthday. Drinks are on me."

"Thanks. Anyway, it was my birthday, I didn't have a girl friend. I got an escort."

"A hooker?"

"For a thousand for the night, I don't think you can call her a hooker." "A thousand?"

"Yeah, but it was worth every penny. We went to dinner, then back to my place, had drinks and made out. We started on the couch and moved to the bedroom. She did things I had never thought of. Turned me every way but loose. I never came that many times in one night in all my life."

"So, it was good?"

"It was great. The only thing is, I can't afford to see her every night. That would be thirty thousand a month."

"Hey, marry her."

Gregg laughed, "I thought about it. I asked her, jokingly. She laughed, said she didn't want to quit working. I told her she could keep working, just come home to me. She still said No."

"So what are you going to do?"

"I don't know. I can't imagine finding a woman as exciting as her." 

"Well, I'll tell you. I had a girl friend in Saigon. One night she brought home a girl friend and I thought that sex with the two of them was the greatest sex I would ever have. But then I met Jenny, my wife, and sex with her is even better because we love each other. In fact, I'm going home to her." Johnny tossed two twenties on the counter, clapped Gregg on the shoulder. "Again, Happy birthday. See you Monday."

The bartender took the twenties, brought him another beer and the change. Gregg lifted his beer and looked in the mirror. His eyes caught a dark haired woman down the bar staring at him. He thought he recognized her, but couldn't place her. There were guys on either side of her, but she retained eye contact for a full minute, and then lowered her eyes. She picked up her purse and went to the ladies. Gregg turned to watch the short gray skirt covering her ample rear end as it bounced and swayed as she walked away. When she returned, she sat next to Gregg.

He turned to her, "May I buy you a drink?"

"Not necessary. I'm ready to leave."

"We've met, haven't we?"

"Yes. Maria introduced us at a football game a couple of weeks ago."

"Oh, so you know Maria?"

"Yes. She says she left you because you were mean to her. That you brought another woman to bed with the two of you. That you did her in back. That you tied her up and beat her."

"I didn't beat her, I spanked her and she enjoyed it."

"Would you spank me if I asked you to?"

He turned and gave her his full attention. Dark wavy hair to her shoulders, gray eyes, wide mouth, red sweater snug enough to show prominent nipples on good-sized breasts. She was heavier than Maria, but Maria was skinny.

"I would spank you if you were bad."

"I like being bad."

An interesting response. "Forgive me, but I don't remember your name."

"I am Irene, and I will call you Sir."

Well, damn. "Irene, come with me." He left the change on the counter, took her elbow and led her to his car. He opened the car door and got a glimpse of thigh above gray stockings as she sat and turned in the seat.

On the ride she sat quietly with her hands in her lap.

"Have you a boy friend?"

"I've had boy friends, but they were all nice. Even sex with them was 'nice. I don't want nice."

At his apartment, he led her to the center of his living room, left her standing as he poured some scotch and sat in his easy chair.

"Take off your clothes."

"Yes, Sir."