 Dave squirmed in his seat uneasily.

"Hear me out," Carrie said. "From our casual chats, I can tell Amy isn't giving you all you need. And from the way you look at me sometimes, I know that you find me attractive, right?"

Dave nodded hesitantly.

"Here is what I'm proposing. From now on, tutoring occurs in my apartment and you get one great blowjob for every hour of tutoring."

"But Carrie," Dave replied. "This has to be against the university's rules. And what about Amy?"

"We'll you're not my TA or my professor. You're my tutor who's not even in my department and I understand that you have no effect on my grade. And as for Amy, that's your decision. But you're a hot young guy, and I'm not sure most people would fault you if they knew how infrequently your wife took care of you. Plus, even if you weren't my tutor, I must say, I'd love to suck your cock."

"Let me think about it."

------------------------

It all started when Dave had been married a few years and he decided to go back to graduate school. The sex in his marriage had become mundane and worse yet infrequent, every other week or so. His wife always claimed to be too tired.

So being back on a college campus with all the attractive young women nearly drove him crazy. Until the day came that his desires would be satiated, the day the email came from Amy.

Graduate student teaching assistants don't get paid much so when an email was sent out to all of the economics department's PhD students that an MBA student was searching for a tutor, Dave emailed the student who took him up on his offer.

He met Carrie in the library twice a week for tutoring. Each time for an hour and each time he got paid $35. Dave also enjoyed this time, Carrie was fun, had a great sense of humor and was incredibly sexy.

Dave always looked forward to tutoring days, hoping Carrie would wear a low-cut blouse so he could glance at her cleavage while they studied together. He'd known from their chit-chat that she'd broken up with her last boyfriend a few months before.

After a few weeks of tutoring Carrie finally told him, "Dave, you've been a huge help, I really understand things much better and you explain all of these economics ideas so well. But I just can't afford $35 per hour. And I know I can't pass the class without your help. Maybe there is some other way I can pay you."

----------------

After pondering this for a few days, Dave finally could not get the picture of Carrie, and his cock in Carrie's mouth, out of his head. He'd masturbated 10 times in the three days since her offer. And in that time, his wife Amy had so "No, not tonight, I'm tired." three more times.

------------------

"How is Wednesday afternoon, 4pm, your apartment?" Dave emailed to Carrie.

"1312A University Drive" was the one line email he received in return.

-------------------

For one month, Dave tutored Carrie twice a week. At first, as they'd agreed Carrie blew Dave at the end of each session, but finally Dave said his mind would be more clear if she performed at the beginning of each hour. Carrie understood and complied. And each time Carrie did a little something new and each time Dave panted, coming deep in her mouth. Dave always ended the blowjob with a kiss to Carrie's cheek.

----------------------

One Wednesday, Dave sent Carrie an email. "Can we postpone this Wednesday's session until Thursday. Wednesday is my birthday and Amy and I have plans." Carrie said the change was no problem.

-----------------------

Even before the tutoring session, Carrie caught Dave in the student union Thursday morning. Carrie could see he was really down. "What's wrong, Dave."

"It's my marriage. I mean, yesterday was my birthday and Amy still wasn't in the mood for sex. It used to be she always woke me up on my birthday with a blowjob. But other than a 'Happy Birthday' over breakfast, nothing. Then last night we went out to a nice dinner, and when we got home I came on to her and she said, 'I'm really tired, I'll take care of you tomorrow.' It's like she doesn't even like sex anymore, it's just something she needs to do to please me. She feels like she has to take care of me. She has no DESIRE for me."

"I'm sorry Dave. I wish there was something I could do.... Something more than I'm already doing." she said with a grin.

"I have an idea. A present for you." Carrie said.

"Yes?"

"Do you think I'm pretty?" Carrie said, leaning into him in the middle of the crowded student union.

"I think you're beautiful," Dave said. "You've got a killer body, and an absolutely beautiful face."

With that she said "Then let's go."

It was a short walk back to Carrie's apartment. She didn't say a word the whole walk, leaving Dave to wonder what she had in store.

As soon as she opened the door and closed it behind Dave, she shoved him back against the door and dropped to her knees, unzipping his pants and pulling them down to his ankles.

"So you think I'm pretty?" she said, looking up at him.

Dave looked down and saw his dick rising to life in front of her face. "Definitely. You know I do."

Then she pulled her shirt over her head and reached behind to unclasp her bra, tossing both aside. She'd never done this before.

She held a breast in each hand, squeezing, and looking up making deep eye contact with Dave, said, "Be honest. When do you think I look most beautiful." Then took his now fully erect cock into her mouth, still holding her tits, and never diverting her glance from deep in his eyes.

"Uhh," Tim stuttered, then paused.

"Tell me," she said, removing her mouth from his cock. "When do you think I look the prettiest, the sexiest? Say it." And plunged her mouth down over his cock. Holding five inches in her mouth, never losing eye contact.

"You look hottest, sexiest, prettiest when you have my big fat cock in your mouth."

"That's what I thought," she said. "Do you think about that picture when your not with me?"

"All the time," Dave whimpered as she surrounded his cock with her mouth again.

"I have another picture -- a mental image really -- that I want to give you as a birthday present. Okay?"

He nodded.

"It's one I think you'll remember for at least a year. And there's something else you should know. I do desire you. I need your tutoring to pass. But I need your cock each week just as bad. Maybe from now on you'll give me your cock wherever I want it? Follow me."

Carrie led Dave by the hand, he'd stepped out of his pants and boxers, to Carrie's bedroom.

Carrie layed on her back. Pulling Dave so he was kneeling over her, his hard cock over her mouth. She was stroking his shaft with one hand while fondling his balls with the other.

"You like my beautiful face, right?" Nod.

"You like the look of your cock in my mouth, right?" "Mm-hm".

"Do you think I could look even more pretty, even more sexy, with your come all over me?"

"Oh yes." is all Dave could say as Carrie's pace became more rapid as she stroked his cock. But he pulled away and moved down, surrounding his shaft with her breasts. He'd never touched her gorgeous tits before. He pushed them together around his cock while going over her nipples with his thumbs. "Mmmm that's nice," Carrie murmured. "But you better come where I want you to come."

"Don't worry," Dave said. "It's clear where you want it. Where I want it. I've always wanted a birthday facial."

Carrie leaned down and took Dave's cock in her wet mouth to provide some natural lubrication before he returned to titty-fucking her. He was getting close and she knew it.

She grabbed his shaft in her hand and pulled it toward her mouth. Opening her mouth, but not sucking his cock, she continued to stroke it, moving her hand up and down his shaft, but also moving the shaft in a circle so the head of his cock slowly traced her lips, her tongue flicking over the head.

"Look out, here it comes." Dave cried.

"Come on baby, come all over me. Make my face even prettier. Make me picture perfect," Carrie said as Dave unleashed loads of cum that should have been shared with is wife the day before. He was panting and she continued to stroke before finally taking his shaft in her mouth and sucking him clean.

She looked up at him covered in his cum, "Well, how pretty am I now?" Long, thick strands of Dave's cum covered most of left side of her face, her chin, and her lips.

"You're absolutely gorgeous. You look great with my dick in your mouth. But you look even hotter with my cum on your face," Dave replied, and he eased himself down and kissed her on the lips, his tongue entering her mouth. Then he whispered in her ear, "But I think that gift was a bit too much. I owe you something in return."

With that he moved down the bed, kissing Carrie's breasts but wasting no time because he knew where he was needed. He unbuttoned her pants and slid the pants and her thong down over her butt, down past her knees and calves, and over her feet before throwing them aside.

He moved back up, kissing her calves and the inside of her thighs, then he paused, his face above her pussy, and inhaled deeply, savoring the smells coming from her wet pussy before moving his face down toward the well-trimmed area.

"I've dreamt about your mouth on me for so long Dave," Carrie said though the end of her sentence was unclear as Dave had landed his flickering tongue right on the tip of her clit.  Dave knew she was super hot by how wet she was, and Dave wanted to fuck, so he planned to waste no time making her come. The teasing could come another day.

He moved his tongue all around her clit as fast as he could. While fondling her breasts with one large hand, he let two fingers slide into her pussy, curling upwards to find that soft mushy button of a g-spot. Carrie could only take so much of this so Dave slowly removed his fingers from her and traced her crack, lifting her butt of the bed, he slid a finger slowly from her back, down her crack, tracing over her sensitive asshole, until the finger slid easily back into Carrie's pussy now just one finger rubbing her g-spot in a circular motion.

"Oh that feels great," Carrie panted. "Be careful Dave. I feel like I'm going to pee with you rubbing there."

Dave knew exactly what that meant -- that he was doing it right. He pulled away from her pussy and moved up, kissed her on the lips, then whispered in her ear, "You're not going to pee, Carrie. Just relax, really relax. Let it happen. You're going to have a g-spot orgasm. Ever heard of female ejaculation? Just relax and let it happen."

As Dave moved back down, he could see the bewildered look on Carrie's face. He winked at her as he continued his licking her clit as one inserted finger rubbed circles around her g-spot.

"Oh yeah, that's it." But Dave could tell she was too tense. 

"Just relax, Carrie. Relax, baby," he said then his tongue started moving even faster as his finger started moving in faster, tighter circles with just a bit more pressure.

Then Carrie exploded -- ejaculated. Dave's first reaction was to move away but he consciously overcame this reaction and kept licking her clit and rubbing her g-spot until she begged him to stop. He kissed the inside of each thigh, then the top of her neatly trimmed bush before straddling Carrie, his legs outside hers, his erection monstrous.

"That ..." still trying to catch her breath, "was new," Carrie said with a satiated smile. Her sweat mixing with Dave's cum on her face. She looked sexier than ever.

Dave leaned into kiss Carrie. Dave's face was soaking wet from her juices, his hair was moist. "You look pretty with my cum on your face, too, Dave. You're going to fuck me now, right?"

"Roll over," he said. 

Her ass in the air, her shoulders and head laying on some pillows, Dave entered her from behind. His erection was huge but Carrie's pussy was so relaxed and wet, that there was little friction when he entered this way.

He eased in to make sure Carrie could take his full length, then started pounding in and out. She was groaning every time he bottomed out. After about five hard minutes of this, Carrie started thrusting her bottom back forcefully onto Dave's cock, her groans got louder, and Dave could feel Carrie's pussy getting tighter. "That's it, faster, faster, yeah," Carrie panted. Then screaming as her orgasm took her. Her spasming pussy was like a vice on Dave's cock and he had to fight off his own orgasm. Then she collapsed on the bed, his cock sliding out of her in the process.

Carrie rolled over between Dave's straddling legs, then she said, "You know lover, when you made me come I think I came more on your face than you came on mine."

"I agree," Dave said grinning. "And what's fair is fair."

With that he held his cock and placed it in Carrie's mouth. It was wet and glistening from all of Carrie's juices that covered it. Laying on her back, she started bobbing, but Dave couldn't stop himself from moving his own hips to essentially fuck Carrie's mouth.

"You look so beautiful, Carrie," Dave said between gasps, his cock sliding in and out of her mouth until he knew he couldn't take any more.

Carrie felt his first blast hit the inside of her mouth, then Dave pulled back at the same time Carrie's hand found Dave's shaft and continued to stroke him. The second blast shot over Carrie's head and hit the headboard which made her giggle. The proceeding few blasts then dribbles again coated Carrie, with the last few dribbles landing on her lips, then she took Dave's cock in her mouth for a final cleaning.

Dave again kissed her deeply on the mouth, unbothered by his own cum on her lips. He wiped a bit from the bridge of her nose, and put that finger to Carrie's mouth where she sucked his finger clean.

"Let's go shower together," Dave said. "You have some studying to do."