 This is a true story. This happened last July, but I never got around to writing it, so I applogize for submitting it so late. I wanted to give my girlfriend an awesome birthday in return for what she did on mine. Enjoy!



My girlfriend was turning 19 in late July, a year older than me, so I wanted to do something memorable. I couldn't think of any ideas until a brilliant thought came to me. What if I took her into the city for the weekend?

I quickly called my aunt, who happens to be the general manager of a hotel in the Chinatown district, and asked if I could book a room for the weekend by ourselves, being legal adults. She agreed and gave us the presidential suite free of charge, mostly because I worked for her over the summers. She also offered to send a limo to pick us up and drive us into the city. I jumped at the chance, and thanked her profusely. 

I called my girlfriend, Liv, and told her I wanted to take her out for her birthday next weekend and to pack overnight stuff. She got excited when I told her it was a surprise and I'd come pick her up next Friday afternoon. I had told her parents so they wouldn't be surprised, and they said it was a fantastic gift to give someone. The rest of the week flew by after that. I withdrew several hundred dollars from my bank account Friday morning, showered, and tried to kill the time until the limo showed up at my house. It finally pulled into the driveway at about 3 that afternoon. 

I said bye to my parents and walked outside, carrying a suitcase. The limo driver, a short, gray haired guy named Ozzy, got out and put my suitcase in the trunk. I held out the money for the trip but he refused. "Oh no, sir. Your aunt told me not to charge you for this." He had a strange accent, possibly Eastern European. 

Sweet, I thought. How much better can it get? If I only knew...

I gave him Liv's address and we arrived about 5 minutes later at her house. I got out and walked up to her door and rang the doorbell. She answered almost immediately. "Hey! Finally, I was about to call you. Where are w-" she stopped and clapped a hand to her mouth upon seeing the limo, her eyes filling with tears. 

I laughed and said, "I told you it was a surprise. Happy birthday!" 

Her parents came running and started laughing at her expression. Her mom said, "You're a very lucky girl Olivia, you've got a boyfriend who takes care of you," she motioned to me with a smile and a laugh. 

Her dad spoke up. "Have a great time guys. We're going away too so we probably won't see you when you first get back. And a big thank you from us," he said to me with a smile. They waved as we got in the limo and drove away. 

Once they were out of sight, Liv turned to me. "Holy shit! A limo?! I hope this didn't cost you too much!"

I smiled at her and said, "It's completely free. All of it. Including the hotel room I booked for us."

Her jaw dropped. "A hotel room? Jesus. But-? How-?" she was at a loss for words. I quickly told her about my aunt's offer and she almost cried. "I knew you treated me like royalty but this is well above and beyond being spoiled. How am I gonna repay you?"

I smiled again. "I don't want anything. As long as you approve, that's all. I take care of my special girl," I kissed her quickly. 

"You don't want anything?" she asked surprisingly. Then a mischievous grin and a very familiar glint in her eye followed. "There's absolutely nothing I can do for you? To you?" her hand slowly creeped down the leg of my shorts as she inched her face closer until our noses were touching. "Are you sure? I really want to thank you but I don't know how." She was now tracing circles with her fingers on my shorts, making them narrower and getting closer to my cock every time.

"I'm serious," I said, staring into her pretty hazel eyes. "A simple thank you is enough. Or-that works too," as she stuck her hand down my pants and started stroking my hardening dick. 

"I thought it might," she purred, pumping faster and inching her face yet closer so our eyelashes were touching. 

I groaned and sat back in the seat. I really hoped the divider separating us and the driver was tinted, not to mention the windows! 

Liv leaned in again and started French kissing me, jacking my cock simultaneously. She put the other hand on the back of my head and pulled me close. I was moaning into her mouth regularly at this point as my orgasm approached, waves of pleasure pulsing through me. She responded by shoving her tongue into my mouth to quiet me in case Ozzy heard. This was too much for me. I squirmed and came violently, drenching my boxers and her hand. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes, breathing hard. 

If that wasn't good enough, Liv withdrew her hand from my pants and slowly, never breaking eye contact, licked my cum off her hand. Sometimes I thought she was a girl with a man's sex drive and behavior. But that's why I loved her, and still do. 

"Thanks," I whispered weakly with a smile. "That was amazing."

She seductively swirled her tongue around her finger, licking off the last of my cum, and replied, "I insisted." She leaned in and kissed me hard one last time before taking a seat next to me and resting her head on my shoulder. 

I opened a champagne bottle and we had some, even though we were still underage, and we sat, chatting and laughing for the hour until we arrived at the hotel. 

Ozzy got out and opened the door for us and went to grab our luggage. He bade us goodbye, and reminded us he would pick us up on Sunday, before driving off. 

I knew most of the staff from working here. The receptionists welcomed me happily and checked us in. Our room was on the top floor. 

Liv gave a small scream as she saw the sign "Presidential Suite" outside our door and punched my arm in mock anger. "You told me you rented a room, not a fucking suite!" 

I laughed and put an arm around her as we entered. "I lied. I told you, for this weekend, you're like my princess."

It was an awesome room. There was a huge LED tv and a double kingsize bed ("All the better," Liv said with a wink). We had our own minibar, fully stocked, and fridge. The bathroom was full size and even had a jacuzzi and full size shower!

"I have a feeling we'll be getting to know this room very well," she said, looking around. "Particularly the shower and jacuzzi." 

We walked back to the bedroom where I found a "Do Not Disturb" sign and a note on the bed. It read:

Matt,

The room is free. Don't tell your parents! Hope you guys have a great weekend. My number is in the phone book if you need anything. The employees are under orders to treat you as VIPs. Enjoy, and please don't hesitate to ask for anything.

Sincerely, Your favorite aunt

P.S. The walls are soundproof. 

Liv looked at me with a smirk after reading and said, "Whaddya say we test that later?"

"Is that even a question?" I replied. "With one correction. Not later. Now." 

With that, I picked her up and threw her on the bed. She laughed in delight and pulled me down on the bed too, attacking my mouth furiously.

The sex was fast but still really good. I did her doggy style on the bed, still almost completely clothed. It's good we were soundproof, my thighs slapping against her gorgeous ass was incredibly loud. She finally came when I reached around and grabbed her boobs through her T-shirt, throwing her head back and arching her back. This made me shudder and groan, erupting too. The whole thing lasted little more than 2 minutes. We were both so horny! 

I zipped my shorts back up and lay down on the bed. Liv did the same, resting her head on my chest. We just lay there for the next 20 minutes, until Liv sat up. "I'm hungry. What are we doing for dinner?"

I stretched and sat up. "I have reservations for a nice restaurant, but that's for tomorrow. Tonight, I was thinking we could order room service and chill out."

"In other words, you mean, stay in and screw like animals," she corrected with a laugh.

I laughed too. "Pretty much. Where's the menu?"

The food arrived about 30 minutes later. Liv had gone to "slip into something comfortable." I ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich and Liv got a Caesar salad. The guy delivering the food, a slim, black guy in his 20s from Jamaica named Eddie, was overjoyed to see it was me, having worked with me over the 2 previous summers. We stood there talking until Liv walked into his line of sight. His eyes popped. I followed his gaze and gasped. 

Liv was wearing a thong and a skimpy lace bra. Her 34C tits were pretty much falling out. She winked and blew a kiss at him before walking out of his sight. 

I laughed and turned back to Eddie. He was in shock, hardly daring to believe his eyes. I whispered to him, "Could you grab us some booze?" and pressed a $20 into his hand.

"Of course. I'll bring it right up." He turned and hurried off. 

I turned to Liv and started cracking up. "His face when he saw you! Holy shit! I have a feeling he'll be looking for an excuse to come back." 

She picked up her salad and took a bite. "I've wanted to do that to someone for a long time. And it worked like a fucking charm! That's why I packed this." She motioned to what she was wearing.

The champagne arrived about 5 minutes later. Eddie's eyes instantly flew to Liv. "I'll give you back your $20 if you let me have 30 seconds with her," he said, half-jokingly. She ran her tongue across her lips and flaunted her tits and toned stomach, complete with a bellybutton piercing.

I laughed and replied, "Not a chance. Keep the money. You can buy yourself 30 seconds with a hooker."

He smiled. "You're right. Anyway, have a good night. Sleep well." He turned away and added in an undertone, "If you plan on sleeping." 

I snorted as I closed the door, hanging the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the outside, and picked up my food and the champagne, carrying them over to the bedside table. I unwrapped the sandwich and took a bite, and it was surprisingly good. 

But then I caught Liv's eye. She was sitting on a chair about 10 feet away, about to take a bite of her salad but stopped and stared right back with a familiar smirk on her face. 

It was like a spark ignited us. We both stood up and mashed our bodies together, kissing madly. I slowly ran my hands down her body, stopping on her perfectly formed ass and grabbing it. She moaned and pretty much tore my shirt off, running her hands up and down my torso. I worked out occasionally, not a lot. I wasn't ripped, but was nowhere near fat either. Slowly, agonizingly slowly, she kissed her way down from my lips to my groin and unzipped my shorts. She fondled my cock through my boxers and proceeded to drop them and my shorts around my ankles. I stepped out of them and she took me in her mouth. It felt great, better than her hand but not as good as her pussy. She had always been great at giving head, much to my liking. This went on for a few minutes, with a lot of tongue work and attempted deepthroating. Then I remembered it was her birthday, and I should have been pleasuring her, not the other way around. 

It was hard to overcome the urge to have her continue. It felt fucking fantastic. But I finally said, "Liv. Stop, it's my turn." 

She nodded and stood up. "Go on then. Undress me." 

With pleasure, I thought. Like she did with me, I kissed my way down her banging hot body, focusing on her boobs. When I got to her groin, I licked her through her thong, making her squirm and grab the headboard. I quickly got bored and took it off. I started with a finger, then two, then finally three. 

She was gushing juices by this point. Then I stuck my tongue in her, and it turned into fucking Niagara Falls down there. She only lasted another minute, biting the pillow to muffle her screams and thrashing violently. Her orgasm finally subsided, and she collapsed on the bed, her eyes closed and breathing heavily. She finally opened them after about 10 seconds and looked at me with a smile. She motioned to the bed and said, "Get your ass up here, right this second." 

I didn't need to be asked twice. She took my hand and stuck each of my fingers in her mouth, sensually licking off her own juices, before moving to my lips and kissing me heavily, pulling me down on top of her. She pulled away and whispered, "Wow, I taste pretty good," referring to her juices. 

I replied, "I know." With that, I resumed kissing her. Liv soon rolled over so she was on top, never breaking the kiss. She finally broke it off with an audible smack and groped for my cock, slowly inserting it into her snatch. We both moaned as it went in. Like I said, it felt nothing short of amazing. So warm and moist. Heaven. She went to town, moaning and gritting her teeth as she rode me. All I had to do was sit back, hold her waist, and enjoy the view. Neither of us lasted much longer. I finally pulled out about 5 minutes later and squirted into her mouth. 

We were both spent by this point. And starving from all the energy we just used, so we dressed and went back to our food, which we'd completely forgotten about, practically inhaling it. Liv turned on the tv and we watched a cheesy slasher movie for the next 2 hours, cuddling on the bed and kissing. At about 11 o'clock, she got the idea of going in the hot tub. Naked, of course. I'd expect nothing less, knowing what Liv was like. 

The hot tub was great. We must've sat in it for hours, talking and laughing and sipping beers and champagne, before having a good makeout session, covered in bubbles. It was nice having a girlfriend that was easy to talk to. We finally got out, still covered in bubbles, and dried off. We considered having sex again, but were both too tired. Much to my pleasure, she didn't pack pajamas and just went to bed naked, saying something about "easy access." I certainly wasn't complaining! I had packed pajamas but decided not to wear them and just follow her lead. 

The bed was very comfortable, but was even better with a sexy, naked chick in it with me. We didn't have sex that night, but tomorrow night would hopefully be very different. Instead, we just kissed goodnight once and were both out cold inside of 10 minutes. 

I woke up the next day feeling recharged and ready for more pussy. I rolled over to see if Liv was up but the bed was empty. I sighed and got out of bed and threw on my shorts from yesterday. She walked in about 10 seconds later holding 2 mugs of coffee. She was only partially dressed too, wearing the same thong and skimpy bra she wore briefly last night. 

"Damn," I said, eyeing her with a grin. 

"Good morning to you too," she replied with a smile, handing me a coffee. "Like what you see?" 

"As usual." I took a sip from the coffee. "Wow Liv, this is good! Did you make this?"

"Yeah. From scratch." 

"It's great! A girl that's beautiful and can cook, like you, is perfect in my book." 

"Awwww." She leaned in and pecked my lips. "You're so sappy, but I love you anyway."

"I love you too." I kissed her slowly and passionately for about 5 seconds before pulling away. 

She raised an eyebrow and said, "Well?"

"Well, what?"

"Aren't you forgetting something? Like what today is, perhaps?"

I thought for a second. I knew very well it was her birthday but wanted to tease her. "Uhhhhm, let's see.....Saturday?"

"Well, yes. But what this Saturday is? You know, a special day? One to celebrate?" 

"No, I can't say I know it." I paused and grinned at her expression, hugging her. "Come here. I'm fucking with you, Liv. I know it's your special day. Happy birthday!" I kissed her.

"Now you remember! Thank you! I thought you weren't going to, but I forgive you now," she said in fake anger. Then that notorious, mischievous grin appeared on her face. "Forgetting my birthday is a problem. You've been a bad boy, Matt. You need to be punished."

"Should I be turned on or terrified?" I asked.

"A bit of both," she replied with a wink, turning away. "Follow me." 

Not sure what to expect, I followed her into the bathroom. She turned the shower on and quickly unhooked her bra and dropped the thong around her ankles, kicking it to the side. She turned her head and winked at me out of the corner of her eye, opening the glass door and stepping into the shower. 

I just stood there in disbelief. Liv really was a saucy little minx, and still is to this day. After about a minute, the room was getting really steamy. I noticed writing appearing on the door. It took me a minute to make out what it said through the steam. Liv wrote, "Get your sexy ass in here and bang my brains out. I mean it." 

There was no arguing with that. I took off my shorts and walked over to the shower. I didn't even get the chance to open the door. I was reaching for the doorknob when it flew open and she pulled me inside, savagely kissing me, even biting once or twice. She liked kissing, but even by her standards, this was ferocious. I was so caught off guard I didn't kiss back. 

She noticed and pulled away with a smack, stared into my eyes, and said half-jokingly, "Are you serious? Have my lips taught you nothing? A year and a half of dating and familiarizing yourself with my mouth, and you dare not kiss back? And on my birthday too! Ohhhhh boy, you're in for it now! Let's try that again, shall we? Put your back into it!" It resumed, just as intense. Hot water from the shower was dripping off of our bodies and mixing with our saliva, but neither of us cared. We were too caught up in lip locking. She finally stopped 5 minutes later (literally) and spoke again, "Mmmmmm, you're getting good at this." 

"I learned from the best!" I replied and grabbed her ass, by far my favorite feature on her. Bad idea.

Her jaw dropped in mock disbelief. "Did I say we were done with making out? No? Didn't think so. So why the fuck would you stop? How dare you, Matthew! How dare you defy me! You said I would be treated like a princess this weekend. You've done a pretty good job of fucking it up! I'll be done with your lips when I say so, got it?" 

"Sorry," I said and leaned in to kiss her, but she stopped me with, "No, no, no. It's too late for that. Get on your knees and eat me! Now!" 

I obeyed, grabbing her waist for support. She squirmed and held onto the railing for support, her moaning increasing in volume. I kept it up until I thought my tongue would fall out of my mouth. I was lucky she tasted good! This went on for about 5 minutes until she came, screaming and thrashing. She moaned in approval and spoke, "Nicely done. My turn. This is your reward for actually obeying me for once. And doing all this for my birthday." 

She dropped to her knees and ravaged my dick. And I mean ravaged! She attacked with the same ferocity as she did with my lips, slurping and gagging on it. One of the messier blowjobs she'd given me. Liv really had serious oral talent, both with kissing and giving head. It felt so fucking good! I started trembling and felt that familiar warm sensation, indicating my approaching orgasm. Her tongue was unreal, the way it swirled around my cock and licked my nuts. By far the best hummer she'd given me. I groaned and held onto the wall as I blasted. Liv caught some of it and the shower took the rest. 

I thought we were done, so I opened the shower door to get out. My third mistake. Liv pulled me away and kissed me hard, slamming the door shut. She finally stopped and said, "I'm not done with you! I warned you not to defy me. Now you'll pay the price! As punishment, I want your cock in me. Balls deep. Is that clear?" 

"Crystal, babe," I said. 

She bent over slightly and grabbed the railing. "Well?! Don't make me ask you twice!" I paused and plunged it into the depths of her vagina. It's hard to say which body part of hers felt the best massaging my cock, between her hands, mouth, or snatch. I wasted no time taking it slowly. I went hard and fast. Her screams encouraged me. She was moaning and clenching her teeth constantly. They only increased as I reached around her and held onto her tits as I continued railing her doggy style. She'd apparently had enough of this position and turned around to face me. Without warning, she backed against the wall and pulled me in for another long kiss. Still lip locked, I stuck it in her again and slowly lifted her up by her ass. She wrapped her legs around me and continued taking it, her back against the wall, grinding her teeth and digging her nails into my back. This was tied for my favorite position, the other being when she rides me. 
