 She woke to the sounds of "Happy Birthday" and the smell of wax melting. Groaning, Alysson grabbed the comforter and pulled it up and over her head, creating a warm cocoon.

"Wake up, Birthday Girl."

"Go away, Benjamin."

"Nope. Not gonna"

Alysson felt the blanket sliding out of her grip and closed her eyes against the glare of sunlight streaming in through her bedroom window. "Do you have any idea what time it is?" she grumbled.

"Eleven fifteen. Time for you to get up."

Alysson opened an eyelid to look up at her best friend and said, "Time for you to go home."

Instead of replying to her surly remark, Benjamin grabbed her hands and feet and began to drag her out of bed.

"Would you stop it! What the hell's gotten into you?"

"Go get in the shower, get yourself all prettied-up or whatever it is you do in the mornings, and get your ass back in here. I've got a surprise for you."

"Why can't I just have it right now?"

"Because. Now go get your ass in the shower. And be quick. I've got plans."

Alysson sighed and tossed a glare over her shoulder as she headed towards the bathroom. "This better be good."

Benjamin smiled, said, "Of course it is," and then winked at her before turning and walking back into the living room, filling Alysson with even more curiosity.

"Where are we now?" Alysson asked. So far, they'd gone to her favorite restaurant, shopping, and to an afternoon double feature. After that, they'd gone to their favorite bar, where she'd had maybe a little too much too drink, as she was feeling quite relaxed. It was now somewhere around 10 p.m. and a light summer rain had begun to fall, filling the air with its fresh, clean scent and helping to cool off the temperature a little bit, too. She loved the rain, and she had a feeling they were somewhere out in the open, but she couldn't tell as Benjamin had insisted she put a blindfold over her eyes for this last part of her birthday surprise.

"You'll find out in a minute. Be patient, woman."

"Oh, shut up."

Benjamin grabbed Alysson's hand and slowly began to lead her away from the car. As they walked, her toes grew wet, and she couldn't help but become more and more curious as to their whereabouts. Finally, after about five minutes worth of walking, they stopped and Benjamin removed her blindfold.

Looking around her, Alysson saw that they were at the river with a soft rain falling around them. Glancing at Benjamin, she barely noticed the umbrella and picnic basket in his hand. "Why are we here?"

Benjamin simply smiled as he set the basket and umbrella down. He straightened, turned toward her, and grabbed her hand. Alysson gasped as he pulled her to him, flush against his body. One arm wrapped around her and the other came up so that his hand could softly stroke the side of her face. "Have I told you yet today how beautiful you are?"

"No." Oh. So that's what this was all about she thought to herself; the only time he ever told her she was beautiful in that tone of voice with that look on his face was when he wanted to fuck her. Not that she was complaining, it just helped to explain a lot.

"Well, you are. And I hope you've had a good birthday."

Alysson smiled and said, "It hasn't been too bad. But there're still a few hours left of the day, and I have nothing to do."

Benjamin raised an eyebrow and asked, "Oh, really? Well, I know this guy, who thinks you're really pretty and would really like to get to know you better, if you get what I mean."

"Hmm. I think I do. And where is this guy? Who is he?"

"Well, his name's Ben, and he's out by the river, all by himself, wondering how he should approach you."

"Oh, well, then. Tell this Ben guy that lunch in my favorite restaurant, shopping, and movies are always a good way to get my attention. And if there's some alcohol involved, it doesn't hurt."

Alysson's hand had snaked back to cradle his neck, and she smiled as she slowly brought his mouth down to hers. Their lips touched and she felt the tingles slice through her body, just as they had all the other times their lips had touched and tangled. Their tongues met, slowly teasing each other, building in intensity and pressure. She broke the kiss and slid her hands up under his shirt. Nibbling on his bottom lip, she murmured, "I wanna feel you inside me."

Benjamin groaned and crushed her lips with his, the intensity of their kiss almost feral. Alysson began to unbutton his shirt, but her fingers were trembling with the intensity of her arousal, so she asked, "How much do you like this shirt?"

"Tear the buttons off, I don't care," he murmured as he gripped the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it up and over her head.

Alysson gripped both edges of his shirt and pulled. The little white buttons popped off and flew everywhere, scattering on the wet grass around them. She pushed the shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the ground to join the buttons. Her mouth met his once again as her hands played over his chest, sinking deep into the soft hair there before finding his nipples and slowly flicking them and rubbing them just the way she knew he liked her to. He groaned and slipped his hands around her back to undo her bra. She drew her arms through each strap and felt him grab the piece of lingerie from in between them and toss it.

"Naked. We need to be naked," Benjamin panted as he kicked away his shoes.

"Yeah, we do." Alysson?s voice was breathless and throaty.

They reached for the buttons of their jeans at the same time and drew the material down over legs and feet and tossed them to the side. Alysson reached out and grabbed the waistband of Benjamin's boxers before pulling them down and letting them drop to his ankles. As she dropped to her knees in front of him, Benjamin picked up his feet and kicked his boxers away from him before taking off his socks. Alysson smiled up at him, pushed her hair behind her ears, and grabbed his dick.

She lightly kissed the head before sticking her tongue out and slowly circling the head with it. He groaned and she slowly began to take him into her mouth, sucking him in slowly, inch by inch, until she'd taken all of him in. She then slowly drew her head back, her hand still gripping the base of his penis, and began to stroke him as she sucked him, her hand and head moving in the same motion in time with each other.

Benjamin looked down at Alysson and pushed her hair behind her ears again so that he could see her face. Their eyes met and he groaned as he felt a hand on his balls. He could feel his balls tightening and knew that he was close to cumming.

Alysson heard his groan and began to move her head even faster up and down his dick. She felt his balls tighten, heard him say, "I'm gonna cum," and took all of him into her mouth. His body tightened and she felt the semen fill her mouth seconds before she swallowed. Her eyes never leaving his, she waited until he was completely done before slowly sliding her mouth away from him. Her tongue flicked out and caught the few remaining drops of fluid from the head of his penis before licking her lips and catching the few drops that had managed to escape from her mouth.

Benjamin dropped to the ground and pushed her back so that she was lying on the wet grass. His mouth met hers and their tongues met, massaged each other as his hands drew her damp panties down over her legs before tossing them to the side. He slowly began to kiss his way down her cheek and chin, neck and shoulder blades to her breasts, where he knew she liked to be touched and kissed. His teeth lightly nipped a hard nipple before taking it into his mouth and sucking hard--just the way she liked it. She moaned and arched her hips against him as his mouth transferred to the other breast and his hand snaked down to the wetness between her thighs.

He lightly fingered her clit, making her gasp, before his finger slid lower to enter her. "You're wet."

"Oh, yeah," she panted breathlessly as his finger slowly slid in and out of her, stroking her lightly.

Her legs fell apart of their own accord and Benjamin moved down the length of her body, kissing the undersides of her breasts and her stomach as he did so. His mouth finally landed between her legs. He pushed apart her lips and lightly flicked her swollen clit with the tip of his tongue before applying more pressure and increasing his pace. Alysson's hips arched against his face as she felt the combined sensations of Benjamin's tongue caressing her clit and his finger inside of her.

"Are you gonna cum?" he whispered.

"Yes!" she screamed seconds before her body tightened and her orgasm rocketed through her.

Benjamin positioned himself over her once again and entered her as her muscles where still convulsing. Alysson wrapped her legs around him and lifted her hips so that he was completely inside of her. Their mouths met again as they began to move together, Benjamin pushing in and out and Alysson's hips meeting his in rhythm.

"Harder, Benjamin," she panted.

He complied, stroking in and out faster and harder, pushing himself in completely before withdrawing and pushing back in again. Her moan, combined with the feeling of her nails lightly digging into his back, almost made him lose it as his pace became faster and faster and their movements became even more frenzied.

Concerned now with only gaining release, Alysson reached down and began to rub her clit, the motion almost frenetic in her need to achieve orgasm.

"Oh, God. Benjamin!"

Benjamin felt her smooth muscles tighten around his penis and his pace picked up even more as her legs clamped around him and the walls of her vagina milked him. He came suddenly and quickly. He felt Alysson's muscles still spasming around his dick and the sperm shooting out of the head and held himself suspended above her, lost in his own release.

Slowly, their breathing calmed and the heat emanating off of their bodies began to abate. The rain still falling around them, Alysson made a sound in the back of her throat, almost like a purr, and arched her back. "Now that was a birthday present."