 Coming from a very small town, I was a little shy in my new home. Columbus Ohio isn't a huge city, but it was allot bigger than I was used to. It was also a large college town. And of course the biggest plus, two hours away from the old home town. I have been living here and going to school since June. I have had different jobs to help pay the bills, but recently I started playing music with a few guys I had met through one of those jobs. I worked for a while as a mix-down engineer at Kingsmill Recording Studios. That gave me pretty much the time I needed for school and to play some music at local clubs. I know this has been a long introduction, but I just wanted to catch you up. That is how I met Leigh. She worked as a waitress at The Castle, a local club. It was a pretty wild place. Three floors with at least one bar on each. The dance floor was a disco throw back, lighted and computerized. The band would set up at the back of this moving light show and believe me sometimes it took allot of concentration to ignore those lights and the images it gave of the ladies on the dance floor. 

Leigh was just gorgeous, long brown hair and big blue eyes. They were the color of a light blue summer sky. She was about 5'2", nice breasts and an ass that made my mouth water. Every time she got close I stammered and stuttered all over the place. Kinda weird, since I was the lead singer for a band called Lunie Tunz. I also played rhythm guitar. We started out pretty mild, you know, her coming over with our drinks between sets and bringing request from customers on napkins, all the while I'm drooling over her every movement. I've still retained enough of the country boy shyness that I never said anything about what I was thinking. 

One night, with just enough tequila and herb inside me directing my actions. Leigh came over to me with my last drink before the last set. It was almost 2:00 am and I was pretty much settled into going home alone. She handed me my shot and looked deep inside me with those baby blues. Something inside took hold of me and I slammed back that cactus juice, slipped my hand around her back, pulled her close to me and looked back into her eyes. 

I told her, " I've wanted to kiss you until your soul felt it since you first looked into my eyes. If you stop me now, I'll never find the courage to try........" Before I finished that sentence, she pressed herself tight against me and lightly kisses my lips, slowly parting my lips with her tongue and then probing deep inside my mouth. The kiss felt like a volcano exploding and lasted for a long time. 

Needless to say, the last set was over very quickly, and that night was a memory that will live forever. We began to spend every moment together. Making love anywhere and everywhere. She liked the thrill of public sex and I have to admit, I was pretty pumped each time we had a new adventure. We would slip off into a corner or the stock room or even the parking lot out back between sets. Once we had a very intense fuck at a stoplight on the way back to my apartment at 3:30 am. I don't know how many times that light cycled, but I didn't last very long at all. She is always amazing. 

Leigh has a delicious imagination. There wasn't anything that she didn't want to try. It was such a turn on, a beautiful girl that enjoyed my every wish. She told me that she would do anything to make me happy. My music was never better. I surprisingly had more energy than I ever had in my life. It's her attitude and desire to please that I want to write about. I know I've already said more than I had to, but I really haven't even started the story yet. 

It was Feb. 7th, the night before my birthday. Leigh and I were eating in and eating out at the same time, so to speak. The subject of my birthday came up, I told her I didn't want anything, and no party please. I just wanted an intimate dinner and a passionate evening. Just two people sharing my birthday and not allot of hard to digest bullshit. She told me that she promised, she would only do what I wanted and not make a big deal out of it. I didn't believe her, but I knew by now that I had no way of stopping her if she wanted to make something way to big happen. I just resigned myself to the fact that I was going to have a big birthday. It wasn't really what I wanted, but anything that made her happy. 

I came home from school at about 5:00. We didn't have a show and I didn't have to work so I was looking forward to doing nothing, I hoped. None of my roommates were around, which was a little unusual, I kinda paid my rent by doing the cooking for the house. They were always waiting for supper it seemed. I am just glad I love to cook. Hanging on the mirror by a piece of tape was a note addressed to DOC. That's me. I opened it and read, 

  Don't go into the kitchen, supper is on the stove. Don't bother the cook. You go upstairs and take a shower, your clothes are on the bed. When you finish and get dressed, come on back down and the dinner will be ready. 

  Luv 

Leigh   Happy Birthday sweetie. Slip these silky threads over your warm body and come back downstairs to get your present. Don't put on anything else, all you need is your own scent.  Here is the rest of your present my love. Just as you asked, an intimate dinner, and a passionate evening. Angel completes the package. She's all yours for the entire evening. I took care of the privacy, you won't be bothered.   All my love 

Leigh 