 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them yet, Passion in the Parking Lot and Meeting at the Mall are the prequels to this story.



Cristi and I had been extremely careful not to put ourselves into a position where there was a possibility of getting caught sneaking around together. Of course, fucking in the parking lot of the grocery store or the mall dressing rooms doesn't sound like the behavior of two people being careful but, after that first spontaneous event, we really did plan carefully and remain on alert. We also typically did not drink when we were together because then we might get careless, but when we got together with all of our friends, we almost always had a few cocktails. We should have realized that it would only be a matter of time before we got a little daring.

To celebrate my 40th birthday, seven couples including my wife and me and Cristi and her husband Brad took the "Blues Bus" to my favorite restaurant for dinner and drinks. We had an incredible time and Cristi and I managed to maintain our decorum at least until we were heading home. My wife had declared as we boarded the Blues Bus again for the trip home that no one was allowed to sit with their spouses. I lucked out that Cristi was near enough that she plopped into my seat with me. Once the interior lights had been turned off and we were on the road, I slipped my hand over to caress Cristi's tit through her blouse. Her nipple immediately went hard, along with my cock.

She'd brought her jacket along, though she was not wearing it, so I spread it out a bit over her lap, then slipped my hand under it. I ran my fingertips lightly over her pussy through her pants before unbuttoning and unzipping them. Sliding my fingertips over her panties, I could feel that they were growing damp and I could hear her breathing rate picking up the longer I did it. I had a feeling that it would not take long to get her to an orgasm and that there was little risk of interruption, so I slipped my hand into her panties. My fingertips passed through her trim bush and soon found her dripping slit. She almost gasped as my finger lightly caressed her clit and I could feel her subtly moving her lower body in rhythm with my finger. It was difficult to finger her slippery pussy within the confines of her pants, so I focused on caressing her clit while trying to appear completely nonchalant. To anyone who might look, she probably appeared to be napping because her eyes were closed, but she also had a smile on her face.

I hadn't really had an opportunity to finger Cristi to an orgasm prior to this because I was typically fucking her or eating her pussy. I was glad that she appeared to be very receptive to it but I couldn't really get a sense of how quickly her orgasm was building or what level of pleasure she was reaching because she had to be so reserved. I trusted that she'd let me know if there was something I should have been doing differently and, since she hadn't I just continued what I was doing. When she started to tense up a little bit and seemed to be working harder to suppress her moans, I was glad that she had made it right up to the edge. She went limp and her body started to tremble as she went over and started cumming.

I was pleased that her orgasm seemed to go on pretty long and waited until she'd gone still before I slipped my hand from her panties. I licked her nectar from my fingertip as she recovered, then reached under her jacket to refasten her pants. Once she was back in order, she moved her jacket over onto my lap and slipped her hand under it to feel the bulge in my jeans. She massaged it for a moment before unbuttoning and unzipping my jeans. She managed to wrangle my stiff tool out of my underwear and jeans and started to slowly pump it in her fist. I relished the feel of her hand on my tool while thinking about how it had felt to have my hand inside her panties. I wasn't expecting it to take very long before I blew my load, but I wasn't sure what exactly we were going to do about that until Cristi leaned closer.

"Let me know when you are almost there," she whispered, "I'll finish you with my mouth so I don't have to explain why there is cum all over my jacket."

The thought of finishing in Cristi's mouth while surrounded by friends and family was so incredibly naughty that it pushed me along even faster as she continued to stroke me. She did manage to draw my orgasm out despite the promise of her hot mouth but, even though I was sorely tempted, I knew it would be too risky to send her down there early and have her spend too much time sucking my cock. I enjoyed the feel of her hand, probably for the first extended period of time, for as long as I could before I was in danger of soiling her jacket. I indicated that it was time then held the jacket up as she lowered her head. I had to really concentrate on suppressing the moan I wanted to let out as my cock was engulfed in her hot mouth.

She started to bob her head up and down while pumping the base and, though I did manage to enjoy the feel of her mouth briefly, it was short-lived. I resisted the urge to push her head down or push my cock deeper into her mouth and just let her set the pace. My cock had already begun to swell before she'd started sucking it, so I tried to just savor the feeling of her cocksucking until I exploded into her mouth. She swallowed my load and continued to suck me until she was certain that I was spent, the raised her head.

"Happy Birthday," she said softly as she wiped her mouth.