 My car crunched to a halt on the gravelled driveway, and I turned off the purring engine. As I opened the door, I was confronted by my grandmother at the entrance to the grand house before me.

"I'm so glad to see you!" she cried, running towards me. "Everyone's here already, you're the last." I didn't even want to be there, but I felt I had to. You see, my grandmother is a rich woman, inheriting my grandfather's wealth, and not being poor herself, she was able to afford a huge mansion on this grand estate. It was her 75th birthday, and she had invited some guests for a party. 

I was led inside. I knew almost everyone there. My parents, my uncle, aunts, cousins, great uncles, lots of people. There were only a few people I didn't know. They seemed to be related as well. There was an old lady, about the same age as my grandmother, and a middle-aged man and woman. I was told that the woman was a good friend of my grandmothers, and the man and lady were her daughter and son-in-law. They apparently also had a daughter, but she was nowhere to be seen. Soon, the dinner tables were set and we were led into the great hall, a large feast lay out before us. Now, you've probably seen these sorts of things in movies, but this really was a feast. I took my place next to my parents and looked over. The man and woman sat there, an empty seat next to them. I shrugged. Must be the daughter's, I thought. We began to eat.

Not long after we had started though, I saw something that took my breath away. A young woman walked into the room, about 20. She was about 5'10", with long legs and shoulder length black hair. Her eyes were blue, and she had large, voluptuous breasts, about 34d by my reckoning. She was dressed in a loose, black gown that meant I couldn't get a proper look, but she seemed slim, and I couldn't believe how hot she was. She promptly sat down on he chair opposite me, and gave me a quick smile, revealing her perfect teeth, before turning to her mother. Maybe this evening wasn't going to be so boring after all, I thought.

I spent most of the meal engaging in conversation with the people around me, and risking quick glances at the girl on the opposite side of the table. Soon, the meal was over, and we proceeded to the hall for a dance. Now, I'm not much of a dancer, but I enjoy watching other people dance, so I sat and drank some of the punch. I was engrossed in the fluid movements of the current dancers when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up to see a perfect, flawless face looking down at me. It was the girl.

"Hello there," she said, smiling. "You look lonely, mind if I join you?"

"Not at all," I replied, infatuated.

"Thanks," she chirped, sitting down.

We began to converse on many different subjects. I found out her name was Sara, and she was 21. She had been dragged here by her parents, like me, and was very bored. She danced, however.

"Do you want to dance?" she asked me.

"No thanks," I replied. "I don't dance very well."

"Never mind," she said, grabbing me by the hand. "You'll enjoy it anyway."

I was unwillingly dragged on to the dance floor, and she began to sway rhythmically. Before long I had picked up the tempo of the dance, and wasn't doing that badly. Then, she started to really turn me on. I don't know if she meant to do it, but if she did, it was working a treat. First, she tossed her long hair back over her shoulders and closed her eyes. She let out a slight moan, and I couldn't help but think that I wanted to make her moan. Also, she began to move closer to me as the beat of the dance slowed down. This was not out of the ordinary, as the other couples were doing it too, but I really enjoyed it. Then, however, as the other couples remained close and dancing, she pressed herself right against me, her large breasts squashed against my chest. I was lucky that the bouncy material of her gown didn't allow her to feel my huge erection. She moaned again, and then the music stopped. Instantly, she opened her eyes, smiled another of her stunning smiles, and pulled me back to the sitting area.

"That was fun, wasn't it?" she asked me, cocking her head slightly.

"Yes, I have to admit it. It was rather fun," I answered.

The rest of the evening passed with more dances, and every so often she would drag me up and repeat her performance. I eventually started to realise that it wasn't deliberate; it was just the way she danced with me.

Soon, the evening started to break up. Some of the older people began to leave, wishing my grandmother farewell. I got up to leave, but then I realised that my parents and everyone else were staying.

"What's going on?" I asked.

"Oh, sorry, we forgot to tell you," my mother replied. "We're staying here tonight, so that we can get away early to the show tomorrow."

Oh yes, the show. We had to go to a flower show with my grandmother.

"Don't worry, it's not just us. It'll be a bit more sociable, you're grand mother's friends are staying too."

My heart leapt. That meant Sara would also be staying. We all went into the living room after everyone else had left, and began to drink coffee and play cards. People began to go up to their rooms, and before long it was just Sara and I left. We talked for a little while, and then decided to clear up and leave. We walked into the hall and ascended the stairs. When we reached the top, we walked to our rooms, and were shocked to find that they were across the hall from each other. I said goodnight, and began to turn away when I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned around and Sara was looking at me quite shyly.

"Em," she said, embaressed. "I need to ask you a question."

"OK," I replied hesitantly.

"When I was… erm… dancing, did I make any… erm… noises?"

"Well you did moan softly, but I ignored it."

"Oh god," she whispered. "I'm so sorry. I always do that when I'm enjoying myself, people find it, disturbing."

"Oh, I didn't find it disturbing," I comforted.

"You didn't?" she replied, slightly more cheerful.

"No. In fact, I felt almost pleased. Pleased that I was making you enjoy yourself… so much."

She threw her arms around me.

"Thankyou!" she cried. I smiled. She pulled her head back and looked deeply into my eyes. Our faces began to move slowly but surely towards each other, until our lips brushed slightly. The kiss then began much more passionate, driving our tongues into each other's mouth. She moaned again, but this time wasn't bothered about it. I reached out and opened the door to her room, and we both stumbled in. I shut the door as quietly as I could. And put my arms around her waist, pulling her closer to me.

I reached around the back of her dress, and, sweeping her lovely hair out of the way, found the zipper to her dress. I began to undo it, and the gown began to slide off her. With a rustling sound, it fell to the floor, and she was left standing in her underwear. I had a clear view of her breasts now, and I noticed that they were large, probably about a D-cup. She was slim, however, and beautiful. She pushed me back against the wall and removed my tux, bit by bit, until I was standing before her naked. I picked her up and pushed her onto the bed, slowly making circles on her stomach with my tongue. Her abdomen twitched and rippled. I slowly moved up, and licked her cheek. She moaned and squirmed. I re-initiated the kiss and we assaulted each other's mouths for a few minutes. Eventually, she pushed me off and got up. I was left watching her as she began to dance again, this time far more seductively.

She swayed her hips and reached around her back. I heard a clicking sound and she slowly pulled her bra off, allowing me to see her voluptuous breasts. She then climbed back on top of me. I reached up and thumbed her nipples, and she moaned, before I spun her round. I began to lick her again, pausing to suck on her every so often. When I reached a nipple, I would spend ages just circling it, before finally running my tongue gently over it. Eventually, I reached down and slowly removed her panties, kissing her thighs as I went. When I had fully got them off, I threw them across the room.

"I think that there is something I ought to tell you," she said.

"What?" I asked.

"I'm a virgin. More than that, I've never had an orgasm."

"Wow," I replied. "You didn't even masturbate?"

"No." She shook her head.

"Then you need to be shown what you missed out on.

I instantly began to kiss her thighs again, and I approached her dripping wet pussy. She began to moan more often now, and when I finally reached her clitoris, she was already almost at orgasm. I sucked on it for a few seconds, and the she screamed quite softly, and came. I continued my licking, sucking routine and soon she had had two more orgasms. She was really enjoying this.

"Have you ever had anything enter you before?" I enquired. She looked back at me, gasping with pleasure and shook her head.

I thought it was about time she did then, and pushed a finger inside of her. She moaned loudly. I pushed another inside of her, and she moaned even louder. I couldn't fit a third in; she was that tight. I moved the two that were in there in and out rhythmically and began to suck once more on her clitoris. My other hand reached up and began to thumb her right nipple, which also provoked a good response. Before long she had a massive orgasm. I relented and pulled away, climbing back up on to her. She looked up at me with pleading eyes, turning from the sweet girl at the party to a sex lover very quickly.

"Please, fuck me," she whispered. Wow, she really is hot, I thought. She reached down and grabbed my cock, giving it a few pumps with her hands; her long nails lightly rubbing the head as they pulled away, now it was my time to moan. I position my head at the entrance to her pussy, and began to push in. She gasped. I slowed, and the renewed my push, getting slightly deeper. I pulled out and attack again, this time I was almost halfway in, my 7-inch member straining. Suddenly, I hit an obstacle. Her hymen. I looked at her. She nodded. I pushed into her a little more and she cried out in pain, some blood trickling onto the sheets. Her cry quickly became one of pleasure, however, as I was now all the way in. I pulled out and began to pump into her. She met my strokes with movements of her hips. I moaned. She moaned. We were both building up to a massive orgasm. I rested my body on my elbows and used my hands to brush away the hair from her face. I kissed her and licked her cheek. She replied with a similar manoeuvre. I felt myself about to climax and began to pump quicker. She also began to move her hips quicker, and by the increasing noise of her moans, I realised she was going to cum soon, too.

"I'm gonna cum!" I said, gasping.

"Me too, baby, me too," she replied, also out of breath.

I pushed myself back up onto my hands, and she began to wriggle and squirm beneath me with the pleasure of it all. Then, I exploded. My cum shot out of my cock, deep into her pussy. Her own juices began to seep past my member as she came too.

"Oh go, I'm cumming!" she cried. "Fuck, this feels so good!"

I came with her for ages, until we were both dry. I pulled my cock out from her and settled down next to her to sleep.

"We'll definitely be doing that again later," she whispered as I fell asleep.