 I was getting ready to go to Michael's house for my birthday. I had just turned 18, and I couldn't wait to have him inside of me. I knew that it was the day that we would have sex, for the very first time. I glanced in the mirror. My green eyes shone with excitement, and my shoulder length, auburn hair gleamed. My pouty lips were bare, and the only makeup I wore was a thick line of black eyeliner, to accentuate my big eyes. I ran my hands over my compact body, smiling. My 36D's were full and the nipples just the right size. My tight stomach barely flared out at the hips, and my round ass was tight and firm. I threw on clothes, not really caring what I wore. I got in my car and started the short drive over to his house, all the while fantasizing about his lips on mine. When I got there, he came to my car and opened my door for me, pulling me out and kissing me. I moan as his hands pull at my hips, and I feel a stirring deep inside my stomach. He closes my door and picks me up, carrying me straight to his bedroom, never taking his lips from mine. He lays me down on the bed, looks me over and lays down beside me. 

"Baby, you are the most beautiful creature I have ever laid eyes on. Happy Birthday. I want to make this the most memorable day of your life." His words mean so much to me, because I know he doesnt waste his breath with bullshit lies. 

I pull his mouth back to mine, and show him how I feel. As our tongues entertwine, doing a dance of passion, his hands begin to roam my entire body. I rolled over, so I could straddle him, gazing at his magnificent face. His dark brown hair was spiked and his nearly black eyes shimmered with mischief thats always just under the surface. His beautiful smile and high cheek bones were what were drawing my attention, and although I didnt want to take my eyes from him, I needed to see his body. When I slipped off his shirt, I was amazed to see how skinny yet strong he was. His muscles were small yet pronounced, and I knew that they got the job done. 

I slipped down his body and gazed up at him as I unsnapped his jeans and slipped them off of his body along with his boxers. I was not surprised to see that his cock was already starting to stir, but I had no clue how big he was. He was at least 8 inches, about 2 inches around, and I couldnt help but to kiss it. His body jerked as I touched my lips to his hardening cock, and I smiled up at him. I slipped his cock into my mouth, lightly licking around the head. It tasted so good, and the precum starting to trickle out was so delicious that I decided to make him cum in my mouth. 

I started to slip the whole thing in my mouth, and felt the head slip down my throat. I kept sucking until I felt him writhing underneath me and I started jacking him off while sucking the head of his pulsing cock. 

"Jaime, I'm going to cum soon, baby."

I looked up and smiled, "Good, cum in my mouth, I want to taste you."

I continued sucking him and jacking him off, and soon his cum shot into my mouth, filling it with his delicious cream. 

After I swallowed all of it, I slid back up his body to lay next to him. 

"Damn baby, that felt so good. Thank you."

"It was my pleasure."

"Now its my turn, sit back and relax."

He slipped off my shirt, and looked at me. 

"You're so beautiful."

"I know, thank you," I said and we both laughed.

He reached underneath me to unhook my bra and my breasts spilled out. My nipples were already hard, just from the anticipation of having his hands on them. He flicked his thumb over one nipple and then the other. Looking into my eyes, he took one into his mouth. I moaned throatily, and grabbed the back of his head. After doing this to both nipples, I pushed his head down, moaning.

"I need you to touch my pussy. Please baby, eat me."

"I'd love to," he groaned and moved down my body to remove the rest of my clothing.

He gazed at my shaved pussy and inhaled my aroma. He reached out with his tongue and lightly darted it across my clit. I nearly screamed in ecstasy.

He slid one of his fingers inside of me and began to suck on my clit. 

"Oh Michael, baby, please dont stop!" I half screamed.

He kept fucking me with his finger, while sucking and licking my clit, faster until a wave hit me, and I went straight over the edge. 

He continued to lick me after I came, and I grabbed his head and pulled him up to kiss me. 

I tasted my juices on his lips and licked them to drink in some of my own moisture.

"Mmmm, yummmy," I said and grinned.

He crushed his lips to mine at the same time he slid all the way into me. I moaned into his mouth as he began to thrust in and out me, his thick cock stretching me to new limits. 

"Your so tight, Jaime. You feel so good."

I rolled on top of him so I could ride him hard, and give him a better view of my flushed body. 

I put his hands on my tits and began to bounce on top of his hard dick deep inside of me. I felt it hitting my G-spot and couldn't help myself from moaning. I began to rub my swollen clit, moaning his name as I felt my orgasm build. He was tweeking my nipples and lifting his hips to meet my thrusts. I screamed "Michael" as I came and my entire body shuddered. 

I sat there for a minute, my eyes glazed over with post-orgasmic bliss. He smiled at me and flipped me onto my stomach. 

He raised my hips and slipped his hard cock into my dripping pussy. As he grabbed my hips, I rocked back into him, taking him all the way into me. I heard him groan, and I reached down to cup his balls. He grabbed my tits and started slamming into me as I massaged his balls. 

I heard him yell my name and say he was going to cum.

I felt my own orgasm building and started rubbing my clit as hard as I could. Just as I felt his hot cum spurting inside of me, my own orgasm hit me, and we both collapsed onto the bed.

"Michael, that was fantastic."

"Happy Birthday. But we're not done yet. That was only three and I promised you five."

We both smiled and he rolled me on top of him so he could hold me as we both dozed off, thinking of what was to come....