 Brody stumbled a little on his way up the stairs, but he waved goodbye to his buddies over his shoulder with a grin. Great guys. He had $50 dollars in his pocket from pool, a mild buzz from free beers and didn't mind that he was a year older. Who cared when you had great friends?

He fumbled the keys a little but finally managed to open the apartment door. He stepped in and closed the door, leaning on it a little as he waited for his head to clear so he could remember the path to the lamp through the dark living room. Suddenly the lamp flipped on and Brody's mouth fell open.

Sprawled on his couch was a fine piece of eye candy -- a sultry brunette with curves in all the right places -- and totally naked. Brody blinked, then shook his head. Maybe he'd had a little more beer than he'd thought.

"Hey, baby," she purred, sitting up slowly. His eyes caught on her full breasts, the pink tips already hard and tempting. "Are you going to stand by the door all night, Brody?"

Hell no. Brody forced his legs to move, hoping not to stumble and fall flat on his face. He stopped in front of her, looking down into her bright blue eyes as she grinned.

"Happy birthday, baby," she murmured, sliding her hands over his thighs. He nearly groaned as his jeans suddenly became a couple sizes too small. Her hands were small, but busy as she stroked her palm up and down the bulge of his fly. Brody couldn't remember being this hard, this fast, in his life.

"Who...?" he managed, even as she flipped open the first button. His eyes closed as she stroked her thumb over his slitted head, his penis straining against the remaining buttons.

"You're so big," she smiled up at him, flipping open the next button, "I can't wait to feel you in my mouth".

Holy shit. This time Brody couldn't hold back the moan. Her fingers kept twisting open buttons until his cock surged free and she wrapped her hand around his hot shaft. 

"My..." she gave his cock a quick jerk that had him groaning, "Such a treat." She tugged his jeans down to his ankles, her hair brushing his cock, his thighs, as she leaned down. Brody closed his eyes again as the ache in his groin intensified.

"Now..." she scooted over as she gave one of his hips a shove. Hampered by the lack of blood in his head, the beer buzz, and being hamstrung by his jeans, Brody toppled onto the couch. The woman slid to her knees, her hands gliding over his thighs, pressing his legs apart to give herself room. Brody slid down a bit, his erection standing stiff, jutting up like a pole.

"Can you keep your eyes closed, Brody?" she whispered, her hands inches from his erection, her eyes wide and bright on his face. He could see a wicked sparkle in her grin, but couldn't figure what she was up to. 

"Why..." he mumbled, already shaking his head. God, here he was primed and ready, here she was naked, couldn't they just fuck?

"Click off the lamp for me, baby," she purred.

With a shrug, Brody leaned over. Who was he to complain if she...Good God. Her fingers circled the base of his cock, squeezing firmly. His hips lifted as he groaned at the combination of pleasure and pain. His cock swelled even more. "Hey..." he groaned and her hands moved away. "No...don't go...just not so tight." With the lamp off, he couldn't see her, just the darker area where she was, but he squinted, trying anyway.

"Brody," she murmured, her hands again sliding over his thighs. He let out the breath he didn't know he was holding. "You're going to have to trust me."

Trust...Oh my. She leaned closer and her breath tickled the length of his shaft. He shuddered in his belly at the sensation. "Please, Brody." It was like a cool breeze over his hot skin. Then she slid her tongue along the underside of his cock, slowly licking, caressing. He nodded, unable to force words out of his closed throat, as she pressed a kiss to his tip, giving his slit a little suck.

"Do you trust me?" she whispered, her fingers creeping along his thighs. She teased his tip with her tongue, back and forth. He couldn't concentrate.

"Yeah, sure..." he managed finally. He felt her lips smile as she pressed a kiss just under his head. Her tongue was stroking him again, exploring every inch of his cock, down, then up, then down again. Her fingers stroked his base, feathery touches over the tight curls that surrounded his shaft. He let his head fall back with a groan, enjoying her attention.

"Good boy," she murmured, tilting her head so her hair brushed his inner thigh. Her tongue moved lower and her thumbs pushed under his cock to tilt his shaft towards his belly. He tensed, waiting for a return to the tight grip she'd used before, but she began to lick his balls -- circling, teasing, kissing his throbbing sacs. He groaned again.

"Nice, Brody," she whispered, just a voice and exquisite tongue in the darkness, "Now I understand why they talk about you." She suckled his balls gently, wrapping her lips around one, then popping him free. Brody nearly whimpered at the quick flashes of pleasure. His fingers dug into the couch cushions beneath his bare ass.

"What..." he asked hoarsely, "What do they say?" She lifted her head away and he cursed himself silently for distracting her.

"Brody Evans makes a woman glad she has a pussy," the woman whispered, her breath on his wet balls, creating new sensations. Brody clenched his fists as his stomach tightened. "Brody Evans is hung like a bull and makes women cum screaming."

They said that...the woman was back at his head, her tongue swirling around his tip. He didn't care what they said, whoever they were, as long as this woman kept doing what she was doing. This was turning into a birthday he'd never forget. 

Then he forgot how to breathe as she took him into her mouth. Her wet lips slid down, down, down his shaft as his head slid into her throat. She gave him a hard suck before sliding him back out. Then she did it again. On the third suck, Brody gasped suddenly, oxygen rushing in as he panted, dizzy. The woman began to bob her head, moving up and down his shaft, her hands balancing on his thighs.

"Oh, yeah," he groaned. She gave a hard suck each time she pulled him in and her spit dripped down his shaft, leaving a tingling trail. He couldn't hold back and began to rock his hips, thrusting with her. This was better than anything he'd ever felt.  

Her hands shifted and Brody closed his eyes again as her fingers stroked and gently squeezed his balls. The sensations were overwhelming...his cock enveloped in wet, sucking, heat...his balls being kneaded in the same rhythm. He clenched his jaw, struggling to hold back his orgasm, wanting to prolong this pleasure.

One of her hands moved again, sliding under his balls, sliding between the cushion and his ass. Even as she pressed a finger against his ass, her mouth never letting up, Brody's head went back, his throat working around a groan as everything in his body tensed. Then she shoved her finger into his ass as she held just his head in her mouth, sucking as hard as she could.

Brody came with a roar, his hips leaving the couch as his balls pulsed, his cock jerked and cum erupted into her mouth. Both her hands went to his shaft, squeezing, milking him as she continued sucking while he ejaculated. His vision went dark as he emptied everything into her greedy mouth.

Done. He drew in a shaky breath as she released his cock. He felt limp, completely sated. He felt her draw back, vaguely saw her stand. Then the lamp flipped on. He was sprawled on the couch, his legs spread around a softened cock, his pants around his ankles, his tee still on. She smiled at him, her naked body flushed.

"Come into the bedroom," she purred, waving her hand towards the door, "I'm not finished with you yet..." She turned and he watched her tight ass, her hips sway as she walked to the door. She gave him another wicked grin over one shoulder and he suddenly found the energy to surge to his feet...and trip into the table as his pants tangled around his ankles.

Stripping, he stumbled towards the bedroom. Damn, he'd never come like that. He wanted to touch her, to taste her, to...

She lay on his bed, the lamp on the nightstand making her skin glow. One hand played idly with her breast while the other lay between her thighs. She shifted one leg and he could see her pink lips, bare shaven, glistening. She stroked herself slowly, her eyes on him, as he stood paralyzed in the doorway. A shiver went through her as her fingers rubbed her clit. Brody watched as she shifted her hips, spread her legs wider, and slid her hand further, her fingers playing about the opening to her pussy.

"I need your cock, Brody," she purred, "I need you to fuck me in the worst way."

He needed to fuck her too. His cock, so recently sated, was stirring, rising again. "I hope you don't mind," she continued.

"No...no problem," he managed. Her fingers were sliding further into her hole, even as she was spreading herself wider so he could watch. His mouth watered as he saw her fingers glistening.

"I love when a man fucks me like a bitch," she whispered, her eyes locked on him, while her body quivered from the finger fucking she was giving herself. Brody's fingers itched to stroke her, to slide inside her pussy like hers were.

"I'll do you any way you want, babe," he groaned, stepping closer to the bed. 

She rolled over, rising on all fours with her ass high. Brody swallowed hard as he watched her clench her ass, as her fingers again slid between her thighs and he saw them press into her pussy from a new angle. She was juicy, her pussy quivering, and he groaned. Another step and his hands slid over her ass, feeling the firm muscle, the hot skin. 

She moaned. "I'm a bad girl, Brody," she whispered, "You need to spank me."

Oh God. Brody gave her ass a squeeze. He'd never...

"Spank my ass, Brody," she begged, "Punish the bad girl." 

His cock was fully erect, throbbing, demanding. Brody looked at her sweet backside, at her pink pussy. He clenched his jaw and gave one ass cheek a sharp slap. She shuddered. The scent of female surrounded him.

"Oh, yes, Brody," she moaned, "I'm so bad. Spank me, Brody."

He gave her other cheek a slap and she shuddered again. Cum oozed from her pussy. With a groan, he bent, lapping at her hole. She shuddered, squirmed as his tongue stroked her. 

"God, you taste good," he panted. His hands gripped her thighs as he thrust his tongue into her pussy, suckling. She moaned and rocked, pressing her pussy against his mouth, as he fed on her juices. 

"Fuck me, Brody," she moaned, "Fuck me hard and fast, like an animal. Please..."

He groaned, lifting his mouth, licking his lips and tasting her there. He stepped close, dragging his cock up and down her swollen pink slit. She shivered. "Yes, yes," she whimpered as he fit his head against her hole.

Brody hesitated, on hand on her hip, then gave her ass a hard slap as he thrust his cock into her. Her head came up as she cried out. Her pussy clamped tight around him, enveloping him with heat as he pushed in to her core. "God, yes, Brody," she sobbed, "Fuck me. Fuck this bad girl."

Another slap, another thrust and she cried out again. He'd never been so turned on and she sounded like she was going to come apart any moment. His fingers dug into her hips as he began to drive into her, his hips slapping her ass as he pounded her cunt. She was panting, sobbing, her body pushing back to meet him, urging him on.

"More, more," she moaned, her hands fisted in his sheets. Her knees slid farther apart, her pussy opening to him, her hips tilting and Brody thrust harder with a groan. Stroke after stroke, he buried himself to the balls in her soft hot pussy, her juices coating him, making his slick penis glide against her inner muscles. He could feel them ripple around his length as she began to tense and he groaned with the pleasure.

His hands shifted, his thumbs pressing the hollow of her back, pushing her shoulders down as he leaned into her. He lifted one knee to the bed, gaining leverage, plunging up into her like a jackhammer. Her body, the mattress, the whole fucking bed shook with his piston movements. "Yes, yes," she sobbed, her breath catching.

His orgasm took him totally by surprise as he rammed his cock deep and felt the pulse shoot up from his balls. His cum erupted into her core and she screamed, her pussy clamping tight around his shaft, her inner muscles milking him like her fingers had earlier. He groaned from the gut, his hips jerking as he ejaculated again and again, spilling his seed.

Her forehead fell to the bedding as she shuddered again and again. He pushed his hips against her, his cock twisting, pumping, emptying into her quivering pussy. Brody groaned finally, drawing back, his spent cock sliding wetly from her body, the slurping sound making him shudder. He took two steps to the side and collapsed on the mattress. She sank down beside him and they both lay, panting, sweaty and flushed with passion spent.

"Damn, babe," he groaned, "I've never had sex like that."

She lifted her head to give him a grin. "Brody Evans," she gave his shoulder a light poke, "can fuck like God's gift. What a wicked boy, you are, Brody."

"Stick around, my best birthday present, and I'll show you what wicked really is," he chuckled, but at the moment he was a little to spent to move. "I don't even know your name or how you got in." Got in didn't matter, but he couldn't keep calling her babe.

"Zach. My name's Marlene and I'm his cousin," she grinned again, shifting closer to him. 

"It is so good to know you Marlene. Man, do I owe him big time," Brody smiled back. Zach had been late to the party. Now Brody knew why.

"So, birthday boy, how wicked can you be?" She was so close, her hand already stroking down his chest and his stomach. He felt his cock twitch and gave her another smile

"I was thinking of playing a little pool," he growled, rolling to his side and leaning towards her.

Her eyes twinkled. "Take your best shot, baby," she laughed as he rolled on top of her.