 Jennifer had found out a couple of years back, when she was just starting to investigate her sexuality, and it was she who had passed the information on to Bethany, who promptly had a chat with her mother to confirm it. They were intrigued by the situation, but as it didn't directly concern them, they ignored it. Teenagers are notorious for being able to ignore things they don't want to consider.

Jennifer had been having a chat about sex and its ramifications when her mother had asked her, "Who do you think is in charge of our household?"

That one was easy. Jennifer had noticed that her father deferred to her mother, and that she ruled the roost. Even she could tell her father what she wanted done and he'd generally go along, if her mother agreed.

She laughed. "You are," she said.

She was surprised when her mother shook her head and told her no, her father was firmly in control of the household. While her mother appeared to have control, both she and her husband knew that if he drew a line, that was it. No argument.

"He permits me to handle most things, because he knows that I like doing it and I can. However, on the occasional big issue, like when we moved here, your father made the final decision.

You're probably wondering why I brought this up in the middle of a discussion on sex. The fact is that once the bedroom door closes, any pretence that I run things stays on this side of that door. What he says definitely goes in the bedroom. He's a Dom and sexually I'm a submissive."

Jennifer was mildly shocked. "You mean he can just dictate terms and you go along with it?" she asked.

"If I don't want a spanking, it does," she was told. "Of course, there are times when I've wanted a spanking," she added with a little smile.

"Mum," wailed Jennifer. "Too much information. Next you'll be telling me about foursomes."

"Oh, so you've guessed about our relationship with the Williamsons," said her mother with an evil smile.

"Muuum! Tell me you're kidding.

"Oh don't be so shocked. Al Williamson is another Dom and Naomi is a submissive. It's natural that we'd have some interesting times together. You'll find out more about that when you're older."

At this point the conversation drifted to other areas of a young lady's hopeful sex life, and wasn't raised again by either Jennifer or her mother. This didn't preclude her from talking about the situation with Bethany, but after some mutual back and forth and marvelling at what strange creatures parents were, the subject was shelved.

Several years later, when the girls were nineteen, the subject was again broached, this time by Bethany.

"Jen," she started, "It'll be my dad's birthday soon and I've been wondering what to get him for a present. I've had a brilliant idea."

Jennifer looked at Bethany dubiously. She'd been bitten by Bethany's brilliant ideas before. "I'm listening," she said.

"Well, you know how you were saying a while back how my dad has weathered well and is really fit, and you wondered what he'd be like in bed. Well I talked to mum and she says it's OK by her as long as you don't mind and that your mum agrees," gushed Bethany, leaving Jennifer none the wiser.

"As long as I don't mind what?" probed Jennifer, knowing something bad was coming.

"You going to bed with Dad, of course," said Bethany. "Mum will fade out of the house for the afternoon and I'd push you into the bedroom, wish Dad a happy birthday and tell him you're his to play with for a while. Dad gets a present and you get to find out what an older man is like in bed."

"Are you crazy," screamed Jennifer. "Are you forgetting that he's a Dom. He's most likely to order me to do all sorts of weird stuff and punish me if I don't do it?"

"I know," enthused Bethany. "It'll be great. You should be able to push him far enough to get a spanking and then have him sooth you afterwards with some wild sex."

"You are insane," said Jennifer. "It's not going to happen."

Jennifer was adamant on this, which was why she was astounded to find herself being ushered into the Williamson's bedroom the following Saturday, with Bethany telling her Dad that she, Jennifer, was his birthday present. She was his slave for the next couple of hours.

Al Williamson looked at Jennifer. "What is this all about?" he asked.

Jennifer blushed. "It's your birthday. I made the mistake of wondering what you'd be like in bed, so Bethany thought she'd give you me for a couple of hours."

"I see. And did either of you mention this little stunt to my wife?"

"Bethany talked it over with her and she said OK and she rang my Mum and she said OK, and told me not to worry as you wouldn't damage the goods and somehow or other I found myself agreeing and here I am."

"I really must have a chat with my beloved wife. Sometime soon," Al said. "I'll give you to the count of three to either run away or take off your panties. Hurry up and decide. One!"

Jennifer dithered, not sure which to do, acutely aware of Al counting. Reaching three, Al looked at her.

"When I tell you to do something, I expect it to be done," he snapped. Before Jennifer understood what he was doing, Al had reached out, flicked up her skirt and pulled her panties down. 

"Now hold up your skirt so I can look you over while you step out of those panties" Al snapped at her.

Feeling shocked, Jennifer obeyed, holding her skirt high to reveal her pussy to Al's interested examination.

"Quite nice," drawled Al, "but I prefer pussy to be clean shaven. While you only have a little tuft of hair, you do have a tuft and I want it gone." Indicating a door at the side of the bedroom he told her, "That is the en suite. Go in there and lie on the floor with your skirt held up out the road."

Jennifer hesitated. "What was he going to do she wondered?"

It appeared that one thing that Al was going to do was not tolerate disobedience or hesitation. When Jennifer didn't move towards the bathroom he again reached out, caught her arm and spun her around to face the door. "Now!" he told her. Jennifer squealed in shock when, at the same time, he flicked up the back of her skirt and slapped her bare bottom.

She hastened into the en suite and lay on the floor, wondering just what she'd gotten herself into. 

Al strolled into the bathroom and looked down at the nervous Jennifer. Picking up his electric razor he switched it on and crouched down next to Jennifer. While Jennifer watched indignantly, he ran the trimmer lightly over the shapely little bush she kept, removing it with a few quick strokes. Al then changed the setting to a normal smooth shave.

Jennifer felt the buzz of the razor as it glided over her pubic area, smoothing away any stubble. The vibration was carried deep into her, stirring her up. That insistent little buzz was like throwing lighted matches down amongst crackers, setting of little flashes of heat deep within her.

Al took his time, knowing damned well what that vibrating buzz was doing to the girl, and enjoying the erotic torment he was inflicting. He was confident that a few minutes of this and she'd be both hot and wet, which would simplify further adventures.

- - -

After closing the bedroom door Bethany stayed just outside, trying to hear what was happening. Would her father eject Jennifer or not? She could hear a murmur of voices, but couldn't tell if they were loving, angry or in between. It was frustrating. Then she heard a smacking sound and a yelp. 

She smiled. Things were progressing. Then she scowled, as the doorbell rang. Hurrying to the door, before the bell rang again and disturbed her father, she opened it to find Mr. Anders there. 

"Hullo, Beth," he said, stepping past her before she could stop him. "Is Jennifer here?"

"Ah, Mr. Anders," Bethany was suddenly feeling very flustered. Did he know what was going on or not? Had his wife told him?

"Um, Jenny is researching something right now," she added, flinging a guilty look at the bedroom. "I don't think she wants to be disturbed until she's done."

"Researching something?" asked Mark Anders. "That door you looked at is your parents' bedroom. Just what is she researching there? Now that I think of it, your mother went shopping with my wife. Are you saying my daughter is in your father's bedroom researching something with him?"

Bethany was shattered. What to say? What to do? She stuttered a couple of times and then fell silent, just looking at Mark Anders.

Mark looked at Bethany. "Maybe I'd better go in there and check for myself," he said, his voice as smooth as silk.

"No, wait," said Bethany. "Let me explain."

Mark continued to look at Bethany, expectation plain in his face.

She gulped. How the hell was she supposed to tell a man that you'd arranged to have his daughter bonked by a lecherous older man?

"Um, it's Dad's birthday," she gulped.

Silence upon the part of Mark. A very discouraging sort of silence, in Bethany's opinion.

"For a birthday present I arranged for him to have sex with Jennifer because he's a Dom and I'm pretty sure she's a submissive and she agreed and my Mum knows and said it's OK and her mum knows and says it will be a learning experience for her," she said with a single breath.

"You arranged for my daughter to have sex with your father for a birthday present," stated Mark mildly.

Bethany nodded, not looking at him.

"I see," said Mark. He casually reached over, took Bethany's blouse in both hands and ripped it open with a quick jerk.

"Nice bra, Beth," he observed. "Now take it off.

Bethany stared at him in shock. "What?"

"I said take it off. If your father is in his bedroom screwing my daughter, I am going to be in your bedroom screwing his daughter. Isn't it nice that the two bedrooms are so far apart. We can be nice and noisy without bothering each other."

"You can't do that," Bethany protested. "I haven't agreed to have sex with you. Jennifer agreed." 

"Don't worry. We won't let a little thing like that stop us."

Mark noticed with interest that Bethany's lacy bra had a front clip. Reaching over he flicked it open, smiling as the bra dropped away to reveal two daintily pointed breasts.

"Very nice," he said. "I can't wait to taste them. Now let's move along to your room, shall we."

Taking Bethany's arm, Mark turned her towards the hall leading to her room.

"Stop it, please, Mr. Anders," begged Bethany. "You know you're not really going to have sex with me."

"Beth, sweetheart," purred Mark. "I am going to take you to your room, spank you for your audacious idea, and then have sex with you until your ears fall off."

"I'll scream if you don't let go of me," Bethany warned.

"If you scream your father and Jennifer will come out and there goes your birthday present," Mark reminded her. He ran his free hand roughly across her breasts, feeling her nipples budding under his touch.

"Very nice," he repeated. "I've always suspected that you were a natural submissive, too."

Bethany discovered that while she'd been protesting Mark had managed to walk her down the hallway to her room. Knowing she wouldn't scream, she resignedly opened her door and stepped in, giving silent thanks that she'd cleaned it up yesterday. To be forcibly screwed in the mess her bedroom usually was would have added extra embarrassment to what was already an embarrassing situation.

Mark closed the door and smiled grimly. "You'll find I won't be too harsh," he said. "I'll let you make some decisions for yourself. For a start, while you finish taking off your clothes you can decide how you want the spanking. Over my knee or bent over the bed? With my hand paddling your pretty little tush or would you prefer me to use your hairbrush? 

Bethany paled. "He's serious," she thought. "And what sort of choices are those and what happens if I don't choose?"

"By the way, if you can't choose we'll try all combinations," Mark told her.

Bethany groaned quietly and started taking of the remains of her blouse.

Mark smiled to himself. If the girls had been more experienced they might have realised that both wives would report what was going on to their Doms. Where sex was concerned, the Doms definitely had to be kept in the know. Al had agreed that turn about was fair play as long as the girls were kept happy.

- - -

Back in the en suite, Al told Jennifer to get up. "Go to the bed and lie on it on your stomach," he told her.

Jennifer hastened to obey, worried about possible outcomes if she angered him. She lay on the bed and waited.

Al picked up a bottle of baby oil and strolled over to the bed, admiring the pretty nude lying there. His for the taking. Sitting beside her, he spilled a little oil onto her back. He started massaging it into Jennifer, taking his time and slowly covering her back, working down to her buttocks.

A dribble of oils between the cheeks of Jennifer's bottom, and then the slow sensual massage continued. Reaching her thighs, Al suddenly brought his hand down hard on Jennifer's cheek. She squealed, hearing him tell her that any time he was touching her bottom, he expected her to separate her legs, to allow him easy access.

"I shouldn't have to tell you something as basic as that," he grumbled at her. "If I'm going to use you, you have to anticipate my needs."

Jennifer hastily separated her legs. It had been embarrassing having Al look at her pussy and then shave it, but it was worse now. She felt completely helpless, totally exposed and could do nothing about it.

She felt oil dripping over her labia, then Al's hands were there, rubbing it in, covering her lips, massaging her pubic area, kneading and teasing.

She held herself stiffly at first, to be rewarded with another quick spank and a calm command to relax. "Relax? I should relax while he was running his hands all over my naked body?" She wanted to protest, but didn't quite dare.

Now Al was moving away from her pussy, massaging her legs, working down towards her feet. Reaching her feet, Al gave a gentle slap to her bottom and told Jennifer to roll over. Hastily complying, Jennifer watched as Al poured another small pool of oil between her breasts, and started repeating the massage. 

Jennifer felt her nipples puckering as Al's hands move gently but firmly over then, rubbing in the oil. Another little pool around her belly button, and his hands were moving south, digging deep into her as he anointed her love mound, before continuing down her legs.

The slow massage was intoxicating, building desire with her body and making her long for Al to start taking even greater liberties. Then the massage was over and Al was telling her to sit up.

Standing in front of her, Al smiled. "I'm feeling lazy," he informed her. "I can't be bothered getting undressed. You'll have to undress me."

"Me?" Jennifer squeaked.

"Yes, you," retorted Al. "Haven't you ever undressed a man before?"

Jennifer shook her head. "I've never had to. Any other time I've had sex the boy's clothes seemed to just jump off him, they'd strip so fast."

"Then you can consider this a learning experience," said Al. "Why haven't you started already?"

Moving quickly, Jennifer hastily started undoing Al's shirt. Stripping it off him, she then pulled up his singlet to lift it over his head. She suddenly realised just how much bigger and beefier he was than the boys she normally was with, when she found herself plastered against him trying to lift the singlet high enough.

Finally thinking ahead, Jennifer reached down and took of Al's shoes and socks before trying to pull his trousers down over them. Now she undid his belt, gulped, and slid down his zip. She slid his trousers down over his hips, acutely aware of the bulge in front of his jocks. 

With his trousers down, and realising Al was waiting impatiently, Jennifer took hold of his jocks and started to slide them down, only to find them getting hooked on that bulge. She hesitated, and then dipped one hand inside to press his erection away so that she could strip off the jocks. Her face burning and totally aware of what she'd just touched, Jennifer finished undressing Al, leaving him nude.

Al smiled at Jennifer and then lay on the bed, face down. "Your turn," he told her, indicating the bottle of baby oil.

Jennifer looked at the oil, and then at the man lying on the bed. "I can do this," she told herself. "Of course I can do this. It'll be fun."

Pouring some oil on Al's back she started rubbing it in. All went smoothly at first. Jennifer efficiently oiled Al's back and then had him roll over. Now she started oiling his chest and stomach, working down towards where that was standing tall and waving at her. Just before she reached it, Al spoke.

"You'll find that baby oil doesn't taste very nice, so you might want to leave of oiling me there until after."

After? After what? She asked. "After what?"

"After the blowjob, of course," said Al. "You really won't want the taste of baby oil in your mouth."

Blowjob? She had to give him a blowjob? Jennifer gulped and continued the massage, carefully not touching the blowjob target.

Finally reaching his feet, Jennifer stopped and looked at Al. He smiled and indicated his erection.

"Right," she thought. "I have to give him his blowjob, and I can't wait until he tells me or he'll say I'm not anticipating his needs."

She reached for Al's cock, considering the best way to start. "Did all men's cocks continue to grow bigger as they grew older, or was she just lucky today," she thought nervously. Holding it lightly in one hand, she glanced up at Al with a query.

"If I fail to anticipate or please you, what happens?" she asked.

"It depends on how I feel at the moment," said, Al with a lazy grin. "You might get a spanking, or have to have sex in a difficult position, or anything else that might occur to me. If you're feeling nervous, I can always give you a good spanking now, to cover any future lapses."

"No," Jennifer choked out quickly. "That's all right. I'll just make sure I do the right thing."

She leaned down to take Al's cock into her mouth.

- - -

Bethany moved slowly, taking her time removing her clothes, trying to stall for time but finding it passing too slowly. It didn't take long to remove a few items of clothing, and Bethany found herself wishing for those days when women wore bustles and stays and corsets and needed a dresser to get them undressed. Then she was naked, and turning slowly to face Mark.

Mark smiled appreciatively at Bethany's nude figure. Twirling one finger, he indicated that she should turn around so that he could admire her more fully, his grin broadening at her look of resentment.

Turning slowly and letting that lecher look at her figure infuriated Bethany, but it put off the evil moment when he might actually spank her. He was Uncle Mark, he'd known her all his life. He just wouldn't do this to her. "But daddy is in there bonking Jennifer, and if he'll do that, Uncle Mark will probably take me."

Mark finally asked her, "Have you decided?"

Still stalling, Bethany looked surprised. "Decided what?" she asked.

Mark actually laughed at that one. "Yes, I can imagine you've forgotten already. Choices or I'll assume no choices made."

Bethany groaned. "I'll bend over the bed and you use your hand," she sighed.

Mark waved his hand towards the bed, and Bethany moved slowly over and bent over, hands on the blankets. Mark came to stand beside her and reached down and patted her bottom. "A nice, pert little bottom you have," he told her. "I'm going to enjoy having that bouncing on my lap very shortly." 

His hands ran a bit further down her legs to where his finger just touched the edge of her slit. "You're too tense and your legs are too close together," she was told. "Relax a little and move your legs further apart."
