 Ch 1 - The Surprise

After a long hump-day of tutoring at college, Kelly returned home ready for a hard-earned rest and some relaxation. She was, therefore, a little miffed to be greeted at the door with a short but tongue tingling kiss, when all she wanted was a Vodka and something. A heavy on the Vodka, light on the something, at that. 

From experience though, she knew that those sorts of kisses led to those sorts of nights. The kind you have on a Friday night, not a freaking hump-day Wednesday! 

She sighed and stepped back from her latest live-in boyfriend, Raul. Helen had been right, and that's what really pissed her off. At lunch, Helen had bet Kelly $20 that Raul would use today as an excuse for wild, butt-pounding sex. Sure of her man and a pending gift, Kelly had accepted the bet in a flash.

"Hello, Kel. I have a surprise planned tonight for your birthday," he explained. "I hope you're hungry because I have something special in organised just for you." 

"Right," she growled in a tone that suggested nothing was right at all, "I thought we agreed to do the party on Friday. I have to work tomorrow, you know." 

"We did sweetie, and we will. But today is your birthday and I am not letting it slide by without a special present!"

"Fine," Kel grumbled while trying hard to push a smile onto her face. Raul was a great guy, and usually thoughtful, so why hadn't he had a Vodka and Tonic, or Sprite ready for her when she came through the door. 

She didn't want a special present, she wanted booze and relaxation. But no, just as Helen had predicted, Raul was thinking sex. She could see it in his eyes. Fuck, she thought, there goes my twenty bucks!

"Don't be so glum, you will love it. I know you've always dreamed of having one."

Kelly wasn't so sure about Raul anymore. How could she have read him so wrong, hell how could he have read her so wrong? He knew she liked to wind down from work with Vodka. Every fucking day, in fact. She just couldn't grasp how he could have missed that little thing on today of all days. 

If his "special present" was a skimpy see-through come-fuck-me nightie she was going to spit on him and kick him the fuck out of her home. Dreamed of it, yeah, right! If only he knew what she really dreamed of, that would shock him for sure. In fact, she would send him packing with her dream ringing in his ears if this present was any sort of clothing. 

"Why don't you go freshen up while I get things ready," he suggested. 

Fucking men, she raged in her mind as she ran through his words for a clue.  Hope you're hungry,  that's what he had said when she had walked through the door. That would be right, she thought. For his birthday she had cooked his favourite meal and they had watched some stupid Galactic War movie. 

Was he going to reciprocate, she wondered? Fuck no. He will be expecting her to dress up just to go out and eat and then come home and let him rip some stupid teddy bodysuit off before he fucked himself to sleep leaving her unsatisfied. Great birthday.

Before she snarled and snapped his head off, Kelly stormed off to the master bedroom, leaving a somewhat bewildered Raul in the hallway. Well if he was going to make her dress up, she was going to take her time at it. Mumbling about men, Kelly tossed a pair of jeans from her wardrobe onto the bed. 

"Fucked if I am getting all tarted up for him to parade around!" she declared to the walls.

He better have made late reservations too, she mused as she stripped off her clothes and looked at herself in the mirror. At thirty-two she still cut a good figure and had perky tits to match, even if she did say so herself. She was a fine catch, and Raul should be more attentive to her needs! She tossed her hair over her shoulder and glanced to the right.

Noticing for the first time a glass on the dresser containing an enticing red and white mixture, Kelly took a tentative sip and broke out into her first real smile of the night. It was a raspberry cosmopolitan. One of her favourite Vodka cocktails, the boy had been paying attention! Maybe tonight would be okay after all. She took a long sip and then turned on the shower. 

While waiting for the hot water to run through, she took another look in her wardrobe and pulled out a silver and black slinky dress. "Might as well dress to please," she said to the glass before gulping it all down and getting into the shower. 

The hot water soothed her body as she soaped herself up and touched the parts that needed touching as well as washing. But she stopped short of masturbating. It's my damn birthday, someone else should be doing this for me, she said to herself.

Ten minutes later, and a little hornier than before, Kelly emerged from a cloud of steam and strode into the bedroom. With the grime of the day washed off she felt a lot better and the fresh drink on her dresser made her feel loved. Her man had visited, how sweet!

Kelly took up the drink and had a sip.  Wow, she thought, not only a big glass but double strength too! Raul was doing all the right things after all. Casting her eyes to the dress laid on the bed she contemplated underwear. Seamless silk panties or a sexy thong, that was the question. 

She took another long sip of her cosmo and decided a bra was not required. "Let him see my nipples," she said to herself in the mirror as she touched them. "Let them be his guide as to what he was doing right - or wrong."

Sitting down at the dresser she brushed out her long raven black hair and then set to work on her makeup. No matter where he was taking her she wanted to look good. She liked the way men, and some women turned to look at her. It made her tingle with warmth inside.

In her book, there was nothing wrong with a guy ogling a woman. It let her know she was appreciated and desired. She took another sip of her cocktail before putting in her earrings.

"Right," she said as she stood, "underwear." Opening the draw, she searched for her favourite flashy silk panties but came up empty. She knew Raul loved them too, after all, he had eaten her out through them last weekend. 

Made quite a mess of them too, she recalled, who would have thought she would cum so hard in a pair of panties. Rylan, I guess, she mused. And that was why she couldn't find them now: he had run off sniffing them afterwards and stowed them with his man things.

Shrugging and taking yet another shot at her drink, Kelly made up her mind and shimmied into her dress. It fit her well and showed off all the right bits. 

It's just the thing to make Raul horny, she thought as she pulled on a pair of stay-up stockings and slipped on her shoes. And won't he get a shock when he gets all handsy during the Uber ride home? 

Then again,  maybe we won't go out, maybe he will just throw me down and fuck me senseless, she half wished as she felt the slinky pull of the dress across her nipples.

As she left the room and wandered down the hallway she wondered when she had moved from a too tired for sex mood to her current state. Seeing Raul in the dining room she straightened, pushed her chest out and put on her best come-fuck-me-now smile.

If he plays his cards right, she mused, I might just let him take me in the ass as a thank you gesture. 

Raul whistled while Kelly grinned and felt the heat rise in her pussy. She was such a pushover for an attentive man. Then she noticed he was not dressed up to go out. 

What the fuck, she thought as her grin morphed into a grimace? Why am I in my best gear when he is in fucking shorts?  

It was too much for her, and she felt a low growl rise in the back of her throat before she remembered that just seconds ago she had been wishing for just this. A stay at home fuck.

Then she looked at the table then and saw the sandwiches. Fucking sandwiches? Is he fucking kidding? There was no way he was going to get away with this. I'll castrate the bastard, roast his balls and feed the fucking things to him. He's an idiot after all. 

"Aren't we going out?" she snarled with a heavy touch of annoyance in her voice.

"Hey sexy," he said, not reading, or ignoring, the waves of hatred flowing off her like lava. "This is the prelude to your surprise. Sort of a hint and filler as well. They are your favourite - chicken and avocado."

Before she could do something really stupid that would wind up with her in jail and Raul in an early grave, she sat down. Another cosmopolitan was at hand and she drained half of it in one gulp. Not trusting herself to speak, she snatched up a sandwich and ate.

And it was good. Really, really good. She had another and let her temper simmer. Why waste good food when you can yell and kick later, she thought. Kelly drained her glass and finished her sandwich. 

Some fucking birthday dinner! Helen was going to pee herself laughing tomorrow. But at least she will help bury the body. 

"So, what's the surprise?" asshole,  she added to herself.

Raul pushed a gold-leafed box towards her with a schoolboy in a whore house look on his face. Kelly gritted her teeth and opened it. So help me, if this is a fucking teddy-suit I am going to stab him in the eye, she growled to herself. I am not his eye-candy! 

It was a black silk blindfold, and it left her speechless. Before she could question it though he took it up and wrapped it around her head. The silk was cool and comforting, just the antidote for the heat and anger that was washing over her brain along with a hundred questions.

Uppermost was "did she trust him?" and the answer was yes. Asshole, he made be, jerk for sure but he was honest and safe. It was what drew her to him in the first place. Well, that and his pecs - and his dick if she was being honest herself, he sure knew how to use it for good effect. But yes, she trusted him.

Calming her breathing, she let Raul lead her down the hall and into what she guessed was the guest bedroom. She lifted her hands to the blindfold in anticipation of the big reveal. A new TV would be a guy thing, a matching handbag and dress plus shoes would be a woman thing, she steeled herself for a laptop or iPad.

Instead, she felt Raul's hands on hers as he drew them back down and whispered in her ear, "The blindfold stays on sweetie. It will help heighten your senses." Somewhat confused, she dropped her hands to her sides but jumped a little when she heard a scritchhh sound. 

"What's that," she asked with a nervous edge to her voice. "What the fuck are you up to?"

"Just soft lighting for the birthday girl, nothing to worry about," he explained as he stooped to caress her legs and remove her shoes. "You do look beautiful."

Moving behind, he kissed the nape of her neck and gave her shoulders a reassuring squeeze. Kelly sighed and relaxed into his arms thinking that at least she might score a shoulder massage out this disaster. 

But tomorrow, Raul is packing, that's a given, she thought. Fucking sandwiches and sex for a birthday. The only thing he got right was the Cosmopolitan! 

But when his hands snaked around to cup her breasts, Kelly's body betrayed her as her nipples hardened like an exoskeleton above her tits. At the same time, she felt his cock harden in the cleft between her cheeks and shook her head in dismay.

"Be right back," he said as his hands fled her tits, "no peeking."

Fine, she would play out his silly game, but she was now regretting the underwear or lack thereof. She should have worn bloomers and made him work for sex instead of making it so damn easy. She blamed the Vodka.

A soft rustle to her left had her turning her head but after a moment of silence, she decided it was nothing, a shift in the house as it cooled perhaps. Then she heard the beep, beep of the microwave. 

"Awesome," she muttered. "First sandwiches, now it's probably fucking soup!" Kelly shook her head. On a normal day, she would never utter the f-word unless provoked or in the heat of sex, but tonight, she had been spraying f-bombs everywhere. The guy was getting to her, and she was not sure it was a good thing at all.

Hearing his return, she scented the air and caught a faint whiff of something. Maybe not soup, but she was sure it was food. "What the...," but before she could say more he shushed her with a gentle kiss you on the lips. 

"I thought I..." But again, she was silenced with a kiss.

"Patience, my sweet," Raul said as he unhooked the back of her dress. 

Kelly knew what was coming now. There was no big surprise, just a little one in the form of his cock. In fact, the only surprise was going to be his when he saw she had gone commando. Well, he ain't getting any anal tonight, that's for sure, she declared to herself. 

My birthday, my rules.  She heard him gasped as he slipped the shoulder straps off and let her dress pool at her feet. Score one for me, at least, she thought and managed a smile.

Raul stepped away from her and exclaimed, "Will you look at that?"

She waited in silence for his hands to grope, but the expected touch did not come. Instead, she heard him walk around her as she stood naked in the middle of the room. For a moment she felt embarrassed as if she had been exposed like a display piece in a jewellery shop. However, the awkward moment soon passed and she thrilled to the idea of being an exhibit. 

Despite her anger at his piss-poor attempt for a birthday surprise, she still felt like a college brat in heat. Her exoskeleton tits hardened even more and her nipples ached to be touched, to be plucked and toyed with. Fuck that man,  her body screamed at her.

Raul could smell her arousal. He hadn't been sure this would all come together so well and was glad he had made the second Cosmo so strong. It sure had done did the trick of relaxing her for this special event. He had been nervous, especially when she had spotted the sandwiches and looked like blowing a fuse, but here they were now, and she was already naked.

His hands hovered inches above her body as if he was unsure where to touch first, it was all so glorious and she was beautiful. He paced around her once more, watching as she turned her head to follow him and goose bumps prickled her flesh. Even if everything else failed, he would have this and know the unknown excited her. 

Kelly opened her mouth to speak and he kissed her once more. This time it wasn't a chaste silencing kiss, it was a full-on tongue down her throat assault. As if controlled by another mind his hands went to her breasts and his thumbs to those beautiful nipples. Her hands went to his shorts.

As their kiss and grope progressed, Kelly felt his breath caress her neck and she imagined him inhaling her scent. Asshole or not, he sure knew how to turn a woman on. At this rate, she would come before she got his dick out. She fumbled with his zipper and dropped his stupid shorts.

She was just starting to wonder how he was kissing her and breathing down her neck at the same time when he grabbed her ass and squeezed. Her butt wriggled into his grasp just as her tits moulded themselves to his hands. She was really loving the attention and starting to feel like a birthday girl at last. 

Her head suddenly snapped up. No way, no freaking way! Two people?< /> her mind screamed at her. Sensing her sudden caution, Raul let go of her tits and hugged her tight as realisation flooded her mind and she squirmed in his arms.

"Hush, my love. I know it's your dream," he soothed as another pair of hands replaced his at her tits. "Just say no, if you don't want this. No pressure, you have all the control. I won't let him hurt you."

Yeah, right, all the control, her mind flared. My dream, two men, a sandwich, my sandwich with me as the filling. But who? Oh God, no, I can't. I shouldn't, I won't!  

She could feel the calluses on the other man's hands as they mauled and scratched her breasts. It was her slice of heaven, her dream fantasy, and she had zero control over her mind. It was a fucking sandwich! 

"Yes. Oh God YES!" she declared, as she took Raul's face in her hands and kissed him over and over with renewed passion. She was going to be the meat in a sandwich! Her body was suddenly electrified, every touch, every point of contact sent shivers of delight from her pussy to her brain and back again. She was on fire with desire.

Leaving Kelly squirming in the arms of the naked stranger, Raul took off his shirt and grabbed the bottle of baby oil he had prepared earlier. "Are you ready for this, my sweet?" 

"Yes, but we will need..." she trailed off as Raul started to rub the warm oil onto her skin. 

"Oh, that's what you were doing in the kitchen. Mmm, it feels so good," she purred as his hands skimmed over her body leaving lines of fire and oil in their wake.

A slight shudder passed through Kelly's body as fingernails were drawn down her back towards her bottom, tracing the path to glory. She was ready, so fucking ready she could smell herself. And they could too, she realised with a start as two different sets of hands felt her pussy. 

Kelly moved her legs further apart, allowing them free access to whatever they desired and was rewarded by a thumb pushing into her anus. She felt like a slut, a very happy slut as she was fingered and probed in both holes at once. And this is just the prelude, she thought with glee.