 Ch 2 - The Sandwich

Reaching behind with one hand and forward with the other, she grasped two cocks. Two hard and drooling cocks, she discovered as she ran her thumbs over the tips and was rewarded with a pair of grunts. 

She stroked them both, feeling the different lengths and thicknesses, wondering which she would prefer where. The whole concept though thrilled her beyond belief and Kelly felt a mini-orgasm ripple through her pussy as her sex was violated by multiple sets of fingers.

She had to slow down before she collapsed in a puddle on the floor, she thought as her knees threatened to give out. Doing what women do best, she tuned the men out and pondered her twenty bucks. Yes, Helen had been right in that Raul had used her birthday as an excuse for sex, but she had also been right in that it was a present. If you could call a stranger and his cock a present. 

Kelly's sudden chuckle surprised her two men and she became aware of it when the caresses stopped, leaving only cold skin in their wake. "Take me to bed," she said to get them back in motion. Imma call it a draw,  she decided. It's a win-win, so no money has to change hands. 

"Mmm two cocks for me," she said. Raul chuckled at that and then and pushed her onto the bed. Blindfolded, as she was, Kelly sprawled out and let the men position her as they wished. She would be putty in their hands,  she thought as she gave herself up to lust and whatever came next.

Partly surprised at her pliability but knowing of her slut-dream fantasy, Raul positioned her on all fours and helped himself to a mouthful of hot wet pussy while his partner presented his cock to Kelly's mouth. Any doubt that she may have had over Raul's approval of her being with another man was dispelled when he said, "Open your mouth for his cock, baby. He is waiting for you."

Opening her mouth as instructed, she took him straight down her throat. No ifs, buts or maybes, he hammered his fat cock in, stretching her mouth wider than any cock had before. It truly was a monster.

This guy, whoever he was, was not going to muck around. Kelly clenched her hands and suppressed a gag reflex as her whole body tingled and she thought Master.  

"Suck on this, Birthday Girl. I want to fuck your face," he rasped in a deep gravelly voice that left no room for dissent. Kelly felt his rough hands on her breasts again as he pawed at her nipples. She squirmed under his touch and started to hum, vibrating his balls in her special way.

"Yessssss," he rumbled as one hand left her breast and started to twine her black hair into his fist. 

Hearing Kelly slurp and hum on an unknown man's balls and cock had Raul excited to a whole new level and he delved deep into her pussy with his tongue. With the stranger now pulling and pushing on her head, Kelly rocked back and forth and banged her butt into Raul's face. 

While his tongue worked its own magic, his eyes got a close up look at where he was soon going. Massaging her clit in small tight circles, Raul drove another ripple of pleasure through the full length of her body.

As she shuddered in sexual bliss, Raul slid his tongue up from her pussy to her arse and gave it a good lick. At the same time, he stuck two, then three fingers into her now throbbing pussy while the stranger slowed the pace of his facial fuck.

Kelly had lost control, if she ever had any, once the second man and cock had been revealed. She was now their fuck-toy and she was enjoying every second of it. From the forceful stranger's face-fuck to her boyfriend's gentle administrations at her other end, it was all pure ecstasy.

But she wanted more though. It was, after all, her birthday. Pulling back from the cock in her mouth, Kelly straightened up onto her knees and cried, "Enough." She reached out with her hands and found the strangers naked chest.

It was taut and ripped with muscle. Kelly let her hands roam over his sweaty chest as he took long deep breaths and was pleased that she had made him this way with just her mouth. She couldn't wait to wrap herself around his cock and see what that did to him.

Behind her, she felt Raul run his oily hands up her flanks and then cup her tits. Concerned, he breathed in her ear and asked in a soft voice if all was okay.

"Yes," she said, everything is perfect. But I have had enough of tongues and want to be fucked. Now!" she demanded.

But the stranger interpreted her statement to mean more tongue and leaned in to kiss her. And, just like his cock, he shoved his tongue in and violated her space. She moaned into his mouth. I guess he is the Master, after all,  Kelly thought as she melted into his arms.

Meanwhile, her gentle and considerate boyfriend was lubing up her arsehole in preparation for what was coming. She didn't know whether to be pleased or annoyed as deep in her dreams, the man just took her, ready or not. With more emphasis on the not. And she knew the stranger would have plundered before conceding a need of hers.

Finished with his kiss, the stranger shoved Kelly to the side and lay on the bed before guiding her over his waiting cock. She felt it with her hand first and gave it a firm tug and squeeze, as if to say, I am still in control and directing the action here buddy.  

If she had been expecting a grunt of surprise, she was not rewarded with such, instead, she received a sharp slap to the butt as he guided her onto his cock. Game, set and match, to the stranger, Kelly conceded as took him deep into her cunt. 

He grabbed her tits, as if he owned them, as squeezed in a final reprimand. Kelly pressed forward and his arms relaxed as he allowed her down to kiss him. After the kiss, she moved her head to one side and whispered in his ear, "Thank you, Sir." She felt his cock twitch in her cunt and knew the apology had been accepted. 

The bed rocked as Raul positioned himself between her legs and she felt the light touch of his dick against her only vacant hole. He moved it around a little and then applied a gentle pressure as he tried to ease himself in.

The stranger pinched a nipple with one hand and ran his thumb across her lips with the other. She opened her mouth and sucked it in as Raul continued with his slow progress.

Suddenly frustrated, Kelly shouts out, "Just shove it in, for fuck's sake. Stop playing around."

Her nipples caught fire and screamed out to her as the stranger clamped down hard and twisted them both. Whether this was meant as a rebuke for her sudden outburst, or as a counterpoint to the pain of Raul's dick forcing its way into her arse, she was not sure. 

But either way, she was pleased it was done. She was finally the meat in the sandwich and hoped they would treat her as such. Squash me, paw me and bite me, that's what she wanted.

Both men started to move then, the stranger with fast deliberate force and Raul with long slow careful motion. Kelly whimpered at the feel of it, knowing two cocks are colliding inside of her separated by only two thin layers of skin.

She squirmed between them, rubbing her naked flesh on theirs as body heat rose and made her sticky with sweat. She pushed up with her arms, letting Raul ride her back as she played her nipples across the stranger's chest. It was electric and she was sure her nipples would crack.

As the tempo of the three-way fuck increased, Kelly's reserve completely evaporated and a tirade of dirty words flew from her mouth. She pleaded to have the shit fucked out of her arse while her cunt was full of cock. 

She begged to be treated like a whore, a slut a fuck toy, and the men willingly obliged. Not one inch of her skin was left untouched, no hole was spared a probing and no dirty word was left unsaid.

Her tits were groped by two sets of hands, her nipples pinched, pulled and tortured as she tossed her long mane of hair about before Raul grabbed it in a fist and yanked back hard on her head thrusting his dick in deep and hard at last.

He was no longer gentle, he was savage and she loved it. Between the two of them, she was pushed and shoved every which way. Used and abused, just like the slut in her dreams. Tomorrow she would have bruises and bite marks to show Helen - if she dared. 

"Fuck Me," she shouted as she was stretched in ways she had never felt before. "Oh, FUCK" she screamed, as they both filled her holes and her orgasm exploded over the stranger's cock.

But they were not done yet, they had more to give and Kelly wanted it. She wanted it bad. She bit the stranger's lip. He grabbed her around the throat and squeezed in reprisal before releasing the pressure and kissing her.

Kelly gasped for breath, and, as if by some pre-arranged signal or secret men's talk, the two of them rolled in unison and had Kelly on her side. Now she was pinioned between them as they set about giving her a second orgasm.

The pressure of the fuck was not as strong as before almost gentle, in fact. Different but just as good. The slap, slap, of flesh on flesh, along with the squishy fuck sounds of very wet and excited sex continued unabated as the men grunted and took all she had to offer and then some.

A fat cock in my pussy, a long dick in my arse, what girl could ask for anything more?  It was the perfect Birthday Gift and a total surprise. Raul's done well, he is a keeper,  she agreed to herself.

The stranger's hands were insistent and strong and he tapped her face to get her attention. He shoved his thumb into her mouth and moved it in a fucking motion. She understood what was required and sucked it like a cock.

Sometime later, amidst all the explicatives, panting and groaning, Raul raked his nails up her back and again tugged hard on her hair as he let out an animalistic growl or pleasure and came, pumping his cum deep into her arse. 

She trembled in their grip and, as she felt the stranger's cock twitch hard in her overstretched cunt and spurt its load, she came again. This time it was long and slow. 

A drawn-out affair that matched the strangers slow pulsing cock twitches and she knew he was holding back. By the time she was done with her own twitches and trembles, Raul had already fallen away, spent and now flat on his back.

She had suspected the stranger would outlast him, she had sensed it in his rigid control and knew he wanted more even as he stilled and just held her in a warm embrace. She breathed his breath, the two of them nose to nose, lips to lips, but faces not touching.

After a while, they heard the soft snores of an exhausted Raul. It was the sound they had been waiting for in a silent agreement, and once again they started to fuck. Through the mini-rest period, his cock had stayed hard inside her as a reminder of what was to come.

Kelly rolled over to straddle him. She could not see him, but she knew that plain old missionary was not what he wanted. Arching her back, she pushed her cunt against his cock and with slow silent motions fucked him.

It wasn't cheating, Raul had invited the man into their home, her home, she corrected herself. He had invited him in to fuck her and he was but still, neither of them wanted to wake him. She suppressed a gasp when his strong callused hands once again engulfed her tits 

For a brief moment, Kelly thought about taking the stranger to the master bedroom. Master, she thought and shuddered with pleasure. But then that would be cheating or at the very least, going behind Raul's back. Bite them,  she pleaded in her mind, bite my aching nipples, you bastard! 

No, if she was going to do it, it would have to be here, in this room, on this bed with Raul's snoring as a backdrop. So be it, she decided or thought she did as once again the stranger took control and shoved her aside as he got off the bed.

Always shoving, no asking, no polite guidance with a gentle touch, always a shove. Some harder than others. Kelly liked it and knew by instinct what was wanted of her now and what to do.

She moved to the edge of the bed and as far from Raul as possible. She was glad she had decided ages ago to furnish the guest bedroom with a king-size bed. Grabbing a pillow, she pointed her butt into space, arched her back and lowered her face into the soft comfort of the head-rest.

As expected he didn't wait. He didn't fuck around to see if she was ready, he shoved.  It is my dream, it is my fantasy, but fuck-damn,  she thought! She now knew what the term pillow biter meant as she clamped her teeth around the micro-fibre fabric.

Even so, she still cried out. It was intense, it was an invasion and for the first few seconds, it hurt like fucking hell. Kelly clenched her hands into fists. She didn't turn her head to look at Raul, though. It wasn't cheating, it wasn't.

The stranger, however, was less concerned about waking Raul and slapped her arse twice, to gain her focus. Kelly mumbled into the pillow but did not cry out. She did, however, thrust her bottom out to meet the stranger's rampaging cock.

By way of reply, and perhaps thanks, he leaned back and thrust into her harder and faster, putting his whole body into it. It rocked her soul and she made a conscious effort to place both of her hands flat on the pillow top to show total acquiescence to his command.

He pinched the flesh of her butt cheeks, hard. He fucked her arse, hard. He was, in fact, hard on her and in her. Kelly lifted her head and began to rock back and forth. She moved the pillow so her nipples grazed it and sent shivers of delight from tit to cunt.

The stranger shoved the pillow away. She reached between her thighs and touched herself, touched her wetness, her slutty dirty wetness at the time suspecting what her master would do next.

He slapped her hand away. He was denying her any pleasure other than his cock in her arse. She cried out in frustration, no longer caring if Raul woke. The stranger replied with his hands then. Two sharp cracks against her butt-cheeks that stung like a bitch.

But she got the message and held in any further cries. He was teaching her control. He changed to slow rhythm. Almost gentle, if his cock was not so large. Each stroke was long and deep, he wasn't sparing her an inch.

She moaned and reached up to caress a nipple. It was hard, harder than it had ever been before and she felt a spark jump from her fingers to it before he pulled her arm away and drew it behind and up her back. It was so frustrating she could just scream. But she daren't.

With her body burning to be touched she endured minutes of silent torture. Except for the sounds of Raul snoring and hers and the stranger's ragged breathing. Plus, the rhythmic slap of balls and hips banging into her.

Kelly rocked, squirmed and squeezed with all her might as if she could shit him out and make him cum. But he resisted and kept up the steady pace and the denial her attempts at self-titillation. Her arm burned as he twisted it and shoved it higher up her back.

For Kelly, that was one step too much, she was broken, the Master had won and she came. She closed her eyes, sighed in defeat and came. Squirted, in fact, such was the intensity of her orgasm. Spasms racked her body and she bucked like a bronco on her Master's cock.

He slapped her arse again, not as hard as the last time though. And then he came. Not like the last time either. This time it was like a burst pipe under pressure and it filled her. 

With both hands on her rump, he rocked back and forth as he pumped wads of cum into her and subsequently onto her back, just like in the porn movies. She felt sticky and dirty. This was her inner-slut moment and she loved every filthy second of it.

Done, at last, he released her arm and gave her a disdainful shove that sent Kelly sprawling. She didn't care in the least and moved to sit on the edge of the bed, dribbling cum onto the sheets to make a wet spot. She sniffed the air and smelled cock, his cock smeared with her. It was right there in her face, waiting for attention. Kelly sniffed again and smiled.

She couldn't see it, but she knew it was there. Kelly shook her head in a firm NO, she had to get back in control. Her moment was done, gone like her virginity on Prom night. I am not that slutty girl who begged for it earlier in the night. No, I'm not, she reassured herself.

The stranger caressed her cheek with his hand and said, "Good decision. Happy Birthday, beautiful." 

Then, as if reading her mind, he added after a moment," You aren't that. Living a dream fantasy once or twice does not make you that. Doing it day in, day out though, well that's a different story.

"Do you want me back tomorrow?" 

She shook her head again in a no. "Thought not," he said and she could hear the smile in his voice. He said no more, but Kelly heard the rustle of clothes and the squeak of the door. And not long after she heard the front door of her home open and close too. 

He was gone, the stranger had left and her sandwich was finished. Kelly felt elated, and deflated, happy yet sad. She pulled off her blindfold and rolled through the wet spot and over to Raul. He really had come through for her birthday. 

"Thanks for the best birthday present, ever, darling," she whispered and kissed him on the cheek. He didn't stir. Kelly rolled back over, found her wet spot and fell asleep, bruised, used but fully sated. 

Kelly awoke the next morning to the delightful smell of rich coffee and cooked bacon rashers. "Good morning, sweetie," Raul said as he entered with a tray of goodies. Kelly sat up and groaned.

Concern flashed across Raul's face and he set the tray down to comfort Kelly. "Are you okay," he asked?

"After the best birthday present ever? You bet I am okay, buddy. I am sore in all the right places and love it. Thank you so much. I am sorry I doubted you when I came home last night. You did wonderfully, she beamed."

"Now tell me, who was it? I'm dying to know."

"That's the thing, Kelly. You will never know" he said. "Mystery is what dreams are made of. And now, every time you see a male friend you will be asking, was it him? Did he see me naked, plunder and feel my body? Should I say something? But you won't be certain. You won't know, so you will remain silent." 

"That's cruel," Kelly whined. "But I can't wait to turn thirty-three," she added with a wicked smile. Helen is going to Freak,  she added silently to herself. This beats her sauna story by far! 