 It was a game they got to play twice a year, and each of them spent a full twelve months dreaming up new ways for it to play out. "Birthday Slave" they called it from the onset three years ago, when a humorous conversation about giving the gift of absolute sexual worship took a turn for the very serious. Jason and Andrea always enjoyed a healthy and active sex life, even after 10 years together they still wanted nothing more then to please each other no matter what it took. Their tradition was an opportunity to pay a loving and playful homage to their better half.

The rules were simple, on their respective birthdays they could call upon the other for complete oral servitude...anytime...anywhere. Jason awoke on the morning of his 30th birthday and immediately began to harden at the plan he dreamed up for his day. Just four months ago he had crawled between his wife's legs four times in a single day. After being called into action first thing in the morning, in the shower after the gym, and on the sink in the ladies room at the upscale country club after dinner with her family he thought his job was completed. Even after exiting the bathroom to meet a line of angry women, sneering at the still shining wetness that coated his chin and neck, Andrea had still demanded his services one last time before bed, earning a sore jaw for his labor. He didn't complain, he loved it, they both loved it. Total devotion for a single day with no obligation to return the favor, although they often did.

Andrea awoke and their eyes met. She began to run her hand gently down his chest, intending to travel all they way to his manhood and begin her day of servitude right away, but Jason caught her hand just inches from it's destination and pulled it back up to it's starting position. "Not now" he whispered, still groggy from a full night's sleep, "I have plans for you today". Andrea rubbed her legs together with excitement. She didn't know where they would be or what he would direct her to do, but he was always dreaming up something new and exciting.

Most of the day went on as any other would. Andrea sat at her desk at work, occasionally glancing around the room, half expecting Jason to drop by under the guise of having lunch together but instead dragging her off to God knows where for his birthday blowjob. It was a fantasy that ran through her head every year, one day it was bound to happen, but as 5:00 rolled around it was evident that today was not that day.

She was always on her guard and ready for anything when Jason's birthday came around. They both were, that's what made it so much fun. The drive over to the restaurant for dinner was equally uneventful, as had been the time they spent at home getting ready, although it was plainly obvious he would be ready to go at any moment. It was almost painful to watch him pull his pants on over his obvious arousal. She wanted nothing more then to drop down and swallow it whole, but Jason continued to display mind boggling willpower.

Dinner was nice, they laughed, they ate, they split a bottle of wine, and just as Andrea was about to dig into her cheesecake dessert, Jason promptly told her to stop what she was doing. His look made it perfectly clear that it was time for Andrea to deliver what had been coming all day. She looked around the room, trying to guess where it would be. The bathroom was always an excellent choice, or maybe the ally out back. After several minutes of letting Andrea guess Jason finally spoke, "get under the table" he told her before leaning back in his booth seat with the cockiest grin she's ever seen. Their table was off in the corner, and the tablecloth was long enough to conceal her while she worked. Jason reached under the table and made a show of freeing himself from his pants under the minimal safety of the tablecloth. He was serious, and she would comply.

Andrea took a quick glance around the room, slipped straight down her chair and slid under the table quietly, hopefully unnoticed. It would be a shame if she had alerted any nosy diners who might be the type to pull the plug on their good time. She collected herself on her knees and finally faced what she had been waiting for all day, standing at full attention through Jason's open dress pants. With no telling how long they would have she wasted no time, spending only a few moments running her tongue all over her husbands cock before sucking it deep into her mouth.

Topside, Jason pretended to play with his iPhone, poked at his ice cream, and just did everything he could to keep his cool. He could feel the head of his dick bouncing off the back of Andrea's mouth, her tongue twirling around his shaft. This might not have gone on for much longer had the waiter not come over to check on them. Jason quickly assured him everything was fine and sent him on his way. 

Andrea did her best not to laugh at his stumbling words, muffled by the throbbing member filling her mouth. She wondered what he looked like up there, in view of the entire restaurant. Did he tilt his head back and moan when she dragged her tongue slowly from the base of his cock all the way to the tip? Did his eyes bulge wide when she took his full length into her mouth? She serviced him with a new fervor to challenge him not to give away the lover secretly crouched between his legs.

Jason's orgasm was close. His cock grew even harder and he seemed to be fighting the urge to buck his hips to match the rhythm of her bobbing head. She tightened her lips at the base of his shaft and pulled up slowly. She concentrated all her sucking on the head, quickly swirling her tongue around it while quickly jerking his shaft. The first spurt of cum hit the back of her throat hard. This was the real desert she'd been waiting for all night. She continued to work Jason's dick until her mouth was full, taking a moment to savor the taste and texture of his impressive load before swallowing it down.

Andrea poked her head out from under the table, she rested her head in Jason's lap and smiled, taking in the sight of her husband. He looked dazed and his face dripped with sweat. He glanced down at her, smiled back and handed her a napkin from the table. "You have a little something..." he whispered while discretely pointing to his chin. She touched her own and realized she hadn't caught all of his cum like she hoped she did. They laughed while she wiped her face.

Andrea straightened her dress and snuck back into her seat, then she saw it, the receipt from the check signed and paid for. "When did he...?" Half laughing and half mortified she couldn't even finish the sentence. 

"I think we should get going" Jason said sheepishly, motioning towards the exit. 

Did that woman just give her a dirty look, or did she imagine it? Why was Jason walking so fast? So many questions, what was going on over the table while she was on her knees pleasing her adoring husband? He would tell her as soon as they were alone for sure, and her head already spun with evil schemes for her birthday just eight short months away.