 As Eric pulled in to the garage, the rain came down hard enough that he could barely see past the end of the hood. "Made it just in time," he said, pushing the button to close the door.

Once inside, he found every light off except for a lamp in the living room where Kasey sat reading a book in the recliner, her strawberry-blonde hair tied up in a ponytail. Lost in her reading, it took her a second to realize he was there.

As he stepped through the doorway, his eyes took in her cute, upturned nose and her full, inviting lips. 'I bet she's a good kisser with those...' came a voice from the back of his mind. His eyes continued down the graceful curve of her neck ('Wouldn't you love to kiss that, too?' came the voice once more), and he was thankful she didn't see him checking her out. 'You idiot!' he thought, ashamed at himself. 'You know she's WAY too young for you to be looking at her like that!'

Luckily, he regained his composure as she looked up. Kasey gave him her normal exuberant smile, and waved cheerfully. He was always amazed at how bright, warm, and happy her green eyes were.

"Hi!" she said, softly. She may have spoken in a normal tone, but it was hard to tell with the rain beating on the roof.

"Hello. How were the twins tonight?"

"Fine. They went through their normal stalling routine at bedtime, but they went to sleep ok."

"Good to hear," he said. "By the way, thank you again so much for coming over on such short notice. Sometimes I think I just need to move next door to the plant so I can just walk over every time something breaks down and they call me in."

Kasey scoffed, smiling. "Are you kidding? I love this old house. The whole place is a natural playground for the kids -- and besides, you need a break from work anyway."

"I know, I know," he replied, raising his hands in mock surrender. "I just sometimes feel like I don't spend enough time with the boys."

Concern overtook her face, and she rose from the chair. Try as he might, he was unable to stop his gaze from dropping to her chest as something caught his attention. As she crossed the room towards him, his mind registered that the neckline of the blue button-up shirt she wore was... unusual. 'Her shirts normally come up almost to her neck... but tonight I can see the start of her cleavage. Must have been in too much of a hurry to notice when I left. Nice rack under there, too!'

Eric jerked his eyes back up to meet hers, glad she hadn't noticed... or so he thought, anyway.

Kasey placed a hand on his arm, her skin warm against his. "Hey, these callouts aside, you spend more time with them than I see most parent couples do together. You're a very devoted dad, and you certainly never planned to have to raise them on your own."

"Thanks," he said, sincerely, as he tried not to shift to accommodate the growing bulge in his pants.

She lingered a moment longer, gazing in to his eyes and smiling softly before turning and heading back towards the chair. "So," she said, bending over to pick up the book that had fallen to the floor, "how bad is the rain? It sounds pretty loud in here."

Eric swallowed, his eyes glued to her back side as it came on display. 'Much tighter jeans than normal, too... Damn, she's got a nice ass!'

He sighed, clearing his mind before answering. It's coming down pretty hard. I could barely see by the time I got here, and the radio said it's supposed to stay like this at least overnight.

"Hmm..." she said, not yet turning around. "So, I should probably stay here for the night?"

"Probably. The guest bedroom is all ready, so I guess you'll just need to let your parents know.

"Won't be the first time I've stayed overnight from the weather," she replied, placing the book back on the shelf. "Besides, they're out of town for a conference."

"Oh," he said, surprised. "I thought that was next weekend?"

"Nope, that's why we're having my birthday then instead of tomorrow. Your kids were super excited when they found out, by the way. You might have to schedule that in," she said, laughing.

"Wait..."' he said, shaking his head in confusion. "Your birthday is next weekend? I thought it was tomorrow."

"Today, actually," she said, placing her hands behind her back and smiling as she swayed her shoulders slowly back and forth.

Eric tried to ignore the way the posture stuck out her firm breasts even more. "What are you doing here tonight, then? Your 18th birthday is a time to be out with family & friends celebrating, not here babysitting kids."

Kasey shrugged. "You had an emergency. Besides, most my friends are out of town. That's another reason we're having it next weekend."

"Oh," he said again. 'That means she's leeegggaaallllll...' whispered the little voice in the back of his mind. "Well," he continued -- more to keep his eyes focused above her throat than anything else, "I think I'm going to grab something to eat, then I'll call it a night. Did you get supper tonight?"

She nodded, still swaying back and forth. 'She looks like she wants to say something...' he thought. In the dim light, he thought she almost looked to be blushing.

Pushing it from his mind, he turned towards the kitchen... until her voice stopped him.

"You know..." she said, her voice clearly nervous. "I haven't had my birthday spanking yet today..."

He swallowed as he turned around. "I think you're a little old for that, aren't you?" he said, fighting hard to look her in the eye.

"Maybe I'm... just... old enough," she said as she took a couple of tentative steps towards him, smiling nervously and licking her lips.

"Well, I'm a little too old to be doing things like that with you," he said, turning to face her. "It wouldn't be right."

'Yeah, right!' said the little voice. 'Go on, smack her fine little ass!'

Kasey smiled, a little bolder now. "I'm an adult now, I can choose if I want another adult to spank me... please?" she asked, looking up at him with those enchanting eyes.

Eric swallowed again as she stepped closed, his eyes traveling up and down her lithe body. "I'm too old for you," he repeated, "and your parents definitely wouldn't approve of me taking advantage of their daughter."

Kasey shook her head. "You wouldn't be taking advantage of me. Besides, I'm not looking for anything else. I just want a handsome, strong, man -- and a friend that I trust -- to give me my birthday spankings."

She was standing right in front of him now, and even though he opened his mouth to disagree, no words came out. His eyes traveled from her sweet, innocent, smiling face, down to the jaw-dropping cleavage above the neckline of her shirt.

Kasey giggled, noting his gaze. "I take it you like what I'm wearing? I wore it just for you tonight."

He nodded, dumbly, then shook his head and began to protest. Kasey, smiling, placed a finger against his lips and took his hand in hers. Gently, she led him backwards to the recliner on the other side of the room. Turning slowly around, she leaned over and placed her hands on the arms of the chair.

"I'm ready..." she said, wiggling her hips seductively.

"Wow..." Eric whispered, gazing raptly at the young, firm derriere proudly on display in front of him. 'I'm so going to hell for this...' he thought, placing his left hand on her hip as he shifted his hips to adjust the uncomfortable tent in his own pants before beginning.

"Mmm..." Kasey sighed as his palm gently swatted her bottom, squarely in the center of her right cheek. "Come on, spank me like you mean it... I am being a pretty naughty girl," she teased.

Licking his lips, he swatted her again, firmer this time. "Aah!" she gasped, his blow landing slightly more to the left. "That's better... a little harder, please?"

Smack! Kasey gasped again, this one harder and more towards the center. "Mmmm... that's it," she encouraged.

Smack! Came his hand, and another satisfied gasp from her. Smiling, she widened her stance, lowered her shoulders, and stuck her behind more prominently in the air.

Smack! Kasey gave a gasping moan this time. As she had hoped, his pinkie finger landed almost square on her swollen lips.

She heard him groan behind her, then another Smack! His finger missed this time, but not by much.

"Hang on..." she said, standing up as his arm went backwards for another round.

Before he realized what was happening, she unfastened her jeans and slid them down off her hips to reveal a purple, silky thong at the start of her glorious crack. Pausing for a split second while Eric's eyes widened in amazement and a wordless "Wow!" formed on his lips -- his arm still pulled back to deliver another swat - she hooked her thumbs over its strings and slid it down to her knees.

"Oh, wowwww!' she heard him exclaim as she resumed her position, her cheeks spreading slightly to reveal her tightly-clenched hole and smooth, glistening lips. Her body tensed with delight and shivers ran up & down her spine as she felt him place his hand on her bare cheek, admiringly squeezing and caressing. He groaned softly as his eyes & hand beheld the firm flesh of her backside.

"I think you still owe me some more spankings," she whispered, her eyes closed and her body tense with anticipation.

Eric didn't disappoint.

As soon as his hand left her cheek, it returned with a satisfying Smack! on her bare, warm, firm flesh. Kasey moaned, her knees buckling slightly as a strong wave of pleasure sent a spasm through her pussy.

"Aaahh!" she gasped as the next one came, then the next, and the next. Each time, his hand lingered a second on her pleasantly stinging cheek, giving it a delightful squeeze.

Smack! Came one more, an orgasm now nearly breaking over her.

"How many is that?" she heard him ask, along with a lustful groan.

"I lost count...´she admitted, readying herself for the next delicious blow. "Maybe we should start over..." she suggested.

His hand squeezed her cheek again, his thumb running up and down her cleft several times. Goosebumps covered her body and she gasped as it came maddeningly close to her nether lips...

'Please,' she mouthed wordlessly, her body close to climax and trembling with anticipation.

Instead, he pulled his hand away and removed the other from her hip. Her skin felt disappointingly cool without their presence. "Maybe you better pull your pants up..." he said with a long, reluctant sigh. He swallowed hard, his eyes locked on the young, willing form bent over in front of him. "Before..."

Nearly whimpering, Kasey pushed her jeans the rest of the way down with her feet and quickly stepped out of them. Naked from the waist down, she whirled around and put her arms around Eric's neck. Before he could react, she locked lips in a passionate kiss, wrapping a leg around his and pulling him hard against her with his throbbing erection pressed tight between them.

Eric groaned in to her mouth, then tightly gripped her ass cheeks with both hands and pulled her harder against him as he gave in to the kiss, returning his own with lusty gusto. 'Yep, definitely going to hell,' he thought while Kasey ground her sopping-wet mound against his crotch, her juices quickly soaking in to his pants. Her tongue slipped between his lips, exploring and teasing his before retreating back to her own mouth. His quickly followed, beginning a teasing, back-and-forth dance that set their already-thumping hearts to an even faster pace.

Her body trembling briefly as a small climax shot through her, then she broke the kiss and placed her head against his chest. Eyes clenched shut, gasping sighs & soft moans came from her open lips as they ground against each other... then she nearly squealed when one of his hands slipped between her legs and his fingers began teasing her nether lips from behind as he leaned in and started kissing her neck.

Moaning louder now, she bit gently in to his shirt to stifle the sound as his middle finger slipped between her well-lubed lips. It slid effortlessly back and forth between them, then her body clenched and her one standing leg threatened to buckle as he slid forward the last time and swirled the fingertip around her entrance.

Unable to wait any longer, he slid his hands down to mid-thigh, lifted her legs up, and carried her to the bedroom as she gazed up at him, wide-eyed and wordless with wonder-filled excitement. Placing her not-quite-gently on the bed, he furiously began removing his clothes. Kasey sat up, fumbling to unfasten the buttons of her shirt as she gazed at him, those beautiful green eyes now hungry with unbridled lust.

His shirt off, Eric fumbled with his belt as his eyes fell to the young, firm, breasts before him. In the dim light coming from the living room, he could see them covered by a black satin bra as Kasey furiously tried to work the front clasp.

Finally unhooking it, she slid off the straps and hurriedly cast it aside as Eric's eyes widened in amazement. His view was short-lived, though, as Kasey jumped up and locked lips with him once more while helping him to slide his boxer shorts -- his last remaining article of clothing -- to the floor.

His hands on each side of her face and their tongues rapidly dancing in and out of each other's mouth, she grabbed his cock and gave it several firm strokes as he groaned in to her mouth. Tugging him towards her, she scooted back on the bed. Lying back and spreading her legs as they gasped for breath between kisses, she guided him towards her as he crawled up on to the bed with her.

With one hand on his hip as he moved above her, she used the other to guide his twitching cock to the entrance of her wet, tight, hot, waiting hole. Arching her neck back and taking in a long, deep, gasping breath as his head began to part her lips, her whole body tingled as she teetered on the edge of a massive impending orgasm.

Eric slammed his full length in to her with one strong thrust, filling her nearly to her limit. Kasey jerked upright, wrapping her arms around him and digging her nails in to his back as she bit his shoulder to muffle her scream of ecstasy. Eric grunted at all of this, plus the sensation of her pussy clenching hard around the welcome intruder as an explosion of pleasure filled her shuddering, jerking body.

'Damn, she's tighter than I expected!' he thought as he thrust in and out of the quivering, climaxing young woman below him. 'Don't know that I've ever seen someone cum that hard, either.'

Finally, her orgasm subsided and she released her death grip; lying back on the bed with her arms loosely around his neck. "That was incredible!" she gasped as he leaned down to nuzzle and kiss her neck while continuing to pound away at her firm, steady strokes. "Your cock... oh, wow!"

"Glad you enjoyed it... hopefully I can do that again," he replied, lifting his body back up to admire her breasts as they undulated back-and-forth in rhythm with their love making. Licking his lips, his gaze traveled up to her sweet, innocent face, her eyes now closed and her mouth agape with pleasure as gasping moans escaped her lips with nearly every thrust.

"Good..." she breathlessly exclaimed. "Because I don't know that I'm ever going to let you stop fucking me."

Then, her eyes opened and a sheepish look crossed her face. "Do you mind if I talk dirty, or does that bother you?" she asked, nervously biting her lip.

Slowing down, Eric leaned in and placed his mouth to her ear. "Kasey," he whispered as she squirmed from the pleasant sensation of his warm breath in her ear, "right now, it's fucking hot to hear those naughty words come out of your sweet little mouth."

"Mmmm... You just keep fucking me with that incredible cock of yours, then, and I'll say whatever you want me to."

Eric kissed her deeply, slowly stroking in and grinding his pelvic bone against her clit each time before pulling back. "You voice is sexy as hell, you know that?"

Kasey giggled softly then moaned again, pulling her legs up to give him deeper access. "You like my tight little pussy I take it?"

"Definitely," he replied, kissing and gently nibbling on her neck.

"Then why'd you slow down? Give me that cock... I want you to fuck me hard."

"It's been a while..." he reluctantly admitted. "I'm getting close, and... I don't want this to be over just yet."

Opening her eyes and smiling, she released a leg and gently pulled his head to her. Her mouth at his ear this time, she nibbled on it and whispered, "I don't mind... in fact, for my birthday present, I want to see how many times we can get each other off tonight. So..." Her voice took on a breath, husky tone, "give me that cock, give it to me hard, and fuck me like you mean it!"

"Yes, ma'am!" he replied as she released his head and took hold of her leg again, licking her lips with desire in her eyes.

Eric slammed in to her as hard as he could, and faster with each round. Kasey craned her neck back, slamming her mouth shut to keep from howling with pleasure. She thrashed her head back and forth as a furious, strained humming sound emanated from her throat right before a smaller orgasm washed over her.

Grunting, Eric continued to bottom out hard against her, nearly enough to start pushing her across the bed. It wasn't long before he gasped one final time as his body clenched and his own climax came. A torrent of hot cum spewed in to her pussy, load after load for what seemed like several minutes as Eric furiously pounded away for all he was worth.

Finally, he slowed and then stopped as his happily fatigued member slowly pulled back from and out of Kasey. Breathing hard and his legs & arms trembling, he rolled over and flopped on to the bed next to her.

Kasey, far closer to recovery than him, gave a content sigh. "Wow..." she exclaimed, breathlessly as she felt their combined juices oozing from her slit and coating her already-slick nether region, "I've fantasized about you before, but that was way better than anything I imagined... nobody's ever made me get that loud in bed before!"

Eric just nodded, his eyes closed as he tried to catch his breath.

Lifting her head slightly, Kasey reached a finger between her legs and scooped up a dollop of the cum that was slowly escaping from her pussy. "Wow!" she said, gazing at the glob on her finger in admiration for a second, then she giggled as she sat up a bit. "I think you over-filled me!"

Eric looked over to reply, just in time to watch her slip the finger in to her mouth and close her eyes, savoring his taste. "Mmmm..." she said, reaching back down and swiping the rest from where it had leaked on to the inside of her thigh. "Delicious!"

Lost in the moment, Kasey completely forgot he was even there as her hand made several trips to her pussy, moaning softly as her fingers parted her lips and scooped some of his cream out before returning to her mouth so she could suck down the savory mixture of their joining.

After two or three rounds, she suddenly remembered where she was and opened her eyes, looking over at him with embarrassment. "Is that... gross... for me to do that?" she asked.

"I wouldn't do it, but you sure looked like you were enjoying it," he replied. "It was kind of hot to watch, too..." he admitted, this time his turn to be feel sheepish.

Kasey just smiled. "How about..." she said, getting up and straddling his legs, "I clean you up a bit?" Placing her hands on opposite sides of his hips -- which made her breasts dangle in a very pleasing fashion -- she slowly lowered her head and kissed her way from his stomach down to his sticky, musky-smelling groin.
