 Note: This is a continuation of “Birthday Research”. While it is not necessary to read the prelude to enjoy this story, it does lend some background information. Either way, I hope you like it.

“Happy Birthday, baby.” I kissed Andrew on the forehead and moved on top of him.

“Mmmm,” he moaned, coming to. I could feel hard morning-dick beneath me. I licked his neck and planted kisses down his chest, stopping to bite his nipples before moving down his torso. I flicked my tongue in his belly button as I lowered his boxers. I took the head of his dick in my mouth. I used suction to pull him in further, applying pressure with my lips.

“Good morning to you too,” he said as he stroked my face. I stared in his eyes while I sucked him harder. I massaged his ass while deep throating his hard dick. I felt his thigh muscles tighten and moved my hand to his balls, massaging, kneading, and warming the semen I knew would soon be in my mouth. He came in spurts as I continued to suck and swallow, coaxing more cum from his balls as his body jerked.

“Happy birthday to me,” he said smiling.

I removed myself from his lap and planted a sloppy kiss on the head of his dick.

I slapped his thigh and said, “Get up old man, or you’ll be late for your meeting.”

“Danny, you have no idea how much I’d rather stay home. I’ll do my best to be back by early afternoon.”

“Don’t worry about me, I’ve got errands and shopping to do anyway.””

“The cordless one with an extra battery,” he said with a wink.

“I already told you I’m not getting you a drill.”

“Then what? I know you, you’re up to something.”

“Who me?” I asked innocently.

“Come on, just a hint.”

“No, get in the shower. I’ll make coffee.”

He tickled my ribs and headed for the bathroom. In the kitchen, I checked my mental to do list. I could be ready by 2 easy. After Andrew left for work, I took a brief shower. I practiced his surprise, moving my hips to the beat in my head. I dressed quickly and headed to the salon. I splurged on a pedicure complete with foot massage. I purchased candles and fresh flowers. I picked up lasagna for dinner and a double chocolate cake at the local gourmet shop and returned home about 11:30. When I called Andrew’s cell to check my timeline, he told me he should be arriving between 1:30 and 2. I have 3 hours, I thought - plenty of time. I set to work.

I arranged the flowers and candles around our bedroom. I moved the furniture to maximize space. I then focused on myself. I trimmed my pussy hair. Removing the hair bordering my full lips. I shaved the pubes above into a thin strip. It looked like some kind of kinky exclamation point. I ran a bath and placed scented oils in the water. I soaked, softening my skin. Instead of toweling off, I rubbed baby oil mixed with more scented oil into my wet skin. My cocoa skin glistened and smelled of spiced jasmine. I closed the shades and lit the candles. I clothed myself in a sheer black baby doll negligee with a matching thong. I added my highest black heels and tiptoed to the mirror to see their effect. My calves were flexed and my thighs looked strong and lean. I covered it all (barely) with Andrew’s read and black paisley smoking jacket and went downstairs to wait. 

1:12. Not long now. 

1:19. Soon. 

1:34. Any minute now.

I was feeling nervous so I fixed myself a drink and swallowed it down in one gulp. I closed my eyes and let the warmth flood my body. I was interrupted from my reverie by the sound of Andrew’s key in the door. I hurried to the foyer and met him with a grin.

“Sir, may I take your coat?” I asked.

He looked me up and down with his eyebrows raised, brow furrowed. “Yes, you may.”

I hung his jacket in the closet, purposefully stretching to reach a hanger towards the very back. I turned to see his eyes roaming my body. 

“Would you like a drink?”

“Rum and coke, please,” he said, playing along. I swiveled my hips to the bar. He moved to the couch, sat down and waited patiently. When I returned, I stood over him holding out his drink. “Please follow me sir, the VIP section has been reserved for you.”

He followed me up the stairs. He entered the bedroom slowly, letting his eyes adjust to the candlelight. He took in the changes I’d made to the once familiar domain. He noticed the chair I’d placed by itself and moved towards it. I pushed the stereo remote as sexy jazz began to play. He sat back and took a sip, settling in for the show. I slowly untied the satin belt and let the robe slip from my shoulders and onto the floor. I took a deep breath, stepped forward and began. I faced my husband and rotated my hips slowly. I ran my hands down the length of my neck, in between and around my breasts, across my stomach, down and behind my hips, over my ass. I swiveled my hips as I lowered myself onto the soft rug. I put my hands on the floor behind me and leaned back, parting my thighs. I imagined Andrew inside me as I circled my hips toward his stare. I lowered my back onto to the floor and raised my legs in the air with my knees straight. I gently widened the V as my hips turned this way and that. I let my left leg down onto the floor and raised my right knee to my shoulder. I writhed in this position, Andrew’s favorite, as I heard him stir in his seat. 

I rose and turned my back to him. I lifted the hem of my negligee showing him my thong. I moved my ass slowly in circles, dipping and rocking. I moved first clockwise and then counterclockwise. I bent at the waist; legs slightly parted and wiggled my ass. I bent my knees, smoothly bouncing. I then straightened my back and stood up to turn around. I untied the bow at the back of the nightie. I removed it and threw it in Andrew’s face. He smelled my scent, smiling, and put it over his shoulder. My breasts were free, the nipples hard. I raised my hands over my head and lightly shook my chest. I held my breasts in each hand using my thumbs and forefingers to tweak the nipples. I moved one hand down inside my panties and touched the opening of my wet pussy. I closed my eyes, imagining they were Andrew’s fingers and enjoyed the music. I removed my hand and licked my fingers. Letting him see my tongue move from one fingertip to the next. I kicked off my heels and lowered myself to my knees, gyrating. I made eye contact with Andrew and twisted my body in the practiced way I rode his dick. My head fell back, eyes closed, as I imagined I was on top of my husband grinding my way to pure delight. I got to my feet and stepped closer to his chair. He parted his legs in anticipation. I put my hands on either arm of the chair, leaned over and shook my breasts in his face. He reached forward and attempted to lick my nipple. I pulled myself out of reach and turned my back to him. I lowered my ass into Andrew’s lap. His dick was hard beneath me. I circled my hips and felt his hands on my waist. He pulled me further into him, raising his hips. I leaned back onto his chest. He moved one hand up to my breast, the other down my panties. Both hands doing serious work, he whispered, “You are so sexy.” I adjusted myself so his fingers could slip deeper inside my wet pussy. We danced together in that chair until we were both breathing rapidly. 

Andrew put his forearm over my waist, molding my body to his and stood. He forcefully took me with him. He turned around, facing the chair and put his hand in the middle of my back, bending me over the chair… My ass was a silent invitation. He rubbed my soaked pussy while he unbuttoned, then lowered his pants. He gave a quick, hard tug on the waist of my thong, easily tearing the thin fabric. He rubbed the head of his dick against my saturated opening. He placed both hands on my waist when he slid himself into me. He rocked gently, his dick deep inside me. He pulled himself out and lowered his mouth to my dripping sex. “You taste like roses,” he said in between licks. (I’d rubbed oil all over my body.) He straightened and with a shudder, firmly drove his hard dick inside of me. He was oblivious to the music as his pace quickened. “Fuck me baby,” I urged. Pumping ferociously, he growled, more beast than man. “Cum in this sweet pussy.” I could tell he was close. He let out another guttural moan, pulled out and came all over my ass. He rubbed his cum into my skin and let out a deep sigh. 

I turned to face him. 

“So did you enjoy the…”

“Shhh” He placed his fingers over my mouth. “I’m not done with you yet.”

He held out his hand and led me to the bed. He laid me softly on my back. He kissed my lips hungrily. He nibbled my earlobe, sucked on my collarbone, left a trail of kisses across both shoulders. He took my breasts in his hands, feeling their weight. He licked each nipple, watching the large areolas tighten further. I squirmed beneath him. He moved his mouth to my stomach and then my hipbone, nibbling its ridge as he parted my thighs. He licked my inner thighs, progressing to the newly shaved skin outside my lips. He bordered my sex with his tongue. He inserted a finger and massaged what he called my ‘sweet spot’. “Mmmm, you feel so good.” He separated my lips with his fingers and exposed my throbbing clit. He licked with a quick, flicking motion, his hand conversely, moving slowly inside me. He lips and hands felt wonderful. I’d been thinking of this all day, preparing my body. I was so ready. He inserted a finger in my ass while he pulled on my clit with light suction. He held it firmly in place between his lips and lapped at the protruding button. His hands continued to penetrate each hole, competing for attention. I writhed and moaned from the sure extravagance of his labors. I began to shudder as forcefully, I came. Wave after wave of the most intense heat passed through my body. My skin tingled, my hair stood on end. 

I held Andrew’s face in position until the tidal wave inside of me subsided. Andrew crawled up my body, resting his head on my chest. We cuddled as I stroked his back. When I’d caught my breath, I whispered, “Happy Birthday Drew”

“Thank you for the dance. It was incredible.”

“No, thank you for the orgasm. It was….beautiful”

“So can I get my drill now?”

“With extra bits,” I said laughing.

We drifted off and enjoyed a lazy afternoon nap after an exhausting Birthday Surprise.