 When you got to the apartment I had noticed the small black backpack slung over your right shoulder, but I never thought to ask why you brought it. After we ate I went into the bathroom to clean up & change into comfy clothes. 

I brushed my hair out really good and pulled it back into a pony tail. I brushed my teeth and then I went into the bedroom to grab some shorts & and a t-shirt. The lights were turned out I flipped the switch but there was nothing. I started to walk towards the nightstand thinking the bulb had blown when you came up behind me and wrapped your arm around my waist from behind. 

I wasn't expecting it so I was startled for a brief second. You leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Do you trust me?"

"Of course I do," I nodded as I spoke. I still could not see you as you had pushed on the door until it swung shut.

"If at any time what we are doing hurts or you want to quit say 'fire' ok." I could feel your dick stiffen against my ass as you leaned into me.

"Ok" Was all I could reply, I was extremely curious as to what you had planned and I was starting to get wet already.

You slipped a blindfold over my eyes and asked me to stay put for just a second. I stood there blindfolded anticipating your return. The bedroom was a little cooler this evening and I could feel my nipples tighten and get hard. I stood there in my bra and panties, not moving. I heard you come back into the room and set something down on the floor. I stood there patiently awaiting your next request.

"Slip your panties off, leave the bra on for now." You spoke with authority.

I complied with the request and slid my hands along my hips hooking the sides of my panties with my thumbs. I slowly wiggled them off my hips & let them fall to the floor. I stood back up and waited. I was really getting excited I could feel my heart starting to race. I could hear you walk up behind me. I felt your hand cup my pussy and one of your fingers found my clit.

"Nice. Soaking wet, very good. We are going to have fun tonight." I felt your hand pull away and I stood there waiting.

I heard what I assumed is the back pack being dropped on the bed. I heard the rattle of plastic and metal in it. You then guided me backwards and laid me down on the bed. You tugged on my legs and positioned me until it felt like my butt was half on and half off the bed. I heard the light click back on but because of the blindfold I was still in the dark. 

Then you spoke softly but firmly, "I want you to make yourself cum for me."

We had not played like this before, but we had talked about it a little. I was so incredibly turned on; I hoped you were as well. With my left hand I held my cunt open, hoping you could see it and with my right hand I began. I wet my fingers and started rubbing my clit from side to side. Not being able to see what was going on around me helped me to lose some of my inhibitions and I really began to get into it. 

The tip of my index finger silky wet with excitement sliding back & forth, each time it contacted my clit I felt my muscles contract. My body started building up an energy that made me want you so bad. I started breathing a little heavier as my adrenaline starting pumping. As I continued to work my clit over for you I felt the muscles tighten and my back arch just a bit, I let out a deep throaty moan.

"Baby, stop." You spoke softly but firmly. I pulled my hand back just as I was about to cum. You took my right hand in yours and lifted it up. I felt your lips brush the tips of my fingers. It was so unbelievably exciting having to anticipate what your next move was or what you were doing at the moment. My skin felt as though it was supercharged with electric, I felt so alive. You then pressed something round and rubbery in my hand.

"Use that for awhile." I tried to figure out what the object was with my fingers wrapped around it, the tips of my fingers didn't meet. 

It was somewhat soft with a slight firmness in the center that it wouldn't flex. I couldn't determine how big it was or exactly what it was but I was starting to get a good idea. I started to use the object on my wet cunt when I felt it begin to vibrate in my hand.

"Ooh, you handed me a vibrator?" We had never used toys before.

"Yes, I thought you would enjoy it." You chuckled in amusement at my surprise. "I can't wait for you to see how hot this is." I heard you sit back down in the chair. "Go ahead; I want you to cum now."

I began to work the toy that was humming softly, around my clit; I could feel it was swollen with pleasure and super sensitive. As I ran the vibrator across my clit, it sent a wave of pleasure across my whole body. My heart began to race and I started to sweat. My muscles started to tighten and relax in a slow rhythmic motion. I let out a frustrated moan and then I felt the vibrator start to purr even faster. I started to squirm; the pleasure was almost too much. I felt my cunt start to throb and I cried out.

"Nice baby, do you like your new toy?"All I could do is nod my head. 

I started to pant as my orgasm flooded my body in waves of sheer pleasure. You laughed quietly. I wanted more. I have never lusted for you to be in me more than I did at that minute. I heard you take hold of the backpack and drag it across the bed like you were dragging it closer to you. 

I was so overwhelmed with the intensity of my climax that suddenly I felt something wet and ice cold drip down my slit then it started to tingle. I yelped in surprise. I felt your fingers work that liquid all over my hot cunt.

As you slid your fingers around the liquid started to tingle, almost like when you suck on a peppermint candy. You then began to work your fingers in & out of my hole. I was so excited it was almost like you were teasing me. My hip began to rock in rhythm of your fingers sliding in and out. Then I felt your fingers start to fill me, how much of your hand were you using! I could feel my cunt stretch around your hand. Even though I was tight, it felt great. 

You pushed into me a little harder every time. Then you took the toy from my hand and slowly pushed it inside me, it was huge. You chuckled when my back arched and I let out a huge moan. You turned up the speed of the toy.

I thought for sure I was going to pass out from the overwhelming feeling of pleasure when I came the second time. When I came you left the toy in me and told me not to move and you would be back in a second. I lay sprawled out, exhausted, sweating and panting on the bed. My legs were like jelly. I was in a state of pure bliss. The huge vibrator that was stuffed in my cunt still continued to hum at a steady pace. 

I felt my body building up to another earth shattering orgasm.

I felt your tongue start to circle my nipple and you moved from one side to the other. Then you took my nipple in your mouth sucking lightly. The lust for you grew more and more. As you sucked on my nipples I could feel your fingers glide around my cunt and then I felt you gently push one into my ass. With the vibrator going in my cunt a nipple in your mouth and your finger in my ass I felt the third orgasm wash over me and just as I started to cum you slid more of your fingers into my ass and I cried out. It wasn't a cry of pain but of exhaustion and overwhelming ecstasy. My whole body was shaking.

You leaned up to my ear and whispered, "Roll over on to all fours."

I was completely exhausted so it took everything I had to do this for you, but I had to, you had given me so much pleasure tonight. So I forced my body to move and I rolled over and got on all fours. I felt you kneel on the edge of the bed just behind me; you took my hips in your hands. You reached around and pushed on the vibrator still inside me, like you were checking to be sure it was in place. Then I felt your rock hard dick slide into my ass. 

You pulled my hips back into you then pushed me forward rocking me back and forth as you thrust into me. I could feel every bit of your cock in my ass and you pushed deep into me with each thrust. You reached around and slid the vibrator out of my cunt as you fucked my ass and put it directly on my clit and I came instantly. I felt my muscles tighten against you cock and I could feel it start to throb. You pulled out and came all over my back. I collapsed on the bed, unable to keep from passing out. 

When I woke up I was lying on my back and you were in the bed next to me, the blind fold was gone. Your laptop was on the nightstand and I saw the tripod with my video camera at the foot of my bed. 

You kissed me and told me, "Happy Birthday Baby."