 Someone I used to know celebrates his birthday soon after the New Year. I can still remember him like it was yesterday, and I can still remember the way he made me feel.

I've wanted this bloke from the from the first moment I laid eyes on him. I still want him, but by now I've kind of accepted that he'll never be mine. Nothing ever happened between us, but that didn't stop my imagination from running wild! I've dreamed of lots of encounters with this guy. This is one of my favourites.

On the morning of his birthday, I would wake up about half an hour before he would otherwise get up, and I would turn off his alarm. I don't want any distractions. For this guy, it has to be the best...

I would slowly pull the covers off him. Then I gently remove his boxers. He doesn't need those anymore. I know how to wake him up. I know how to drive him wild.

I gently separate his legs, and crawl up between them. I run my hands gently up his legs. He murmurs something in his sleep. I blow warm air on the insides of his thighs, and his breathing quickens momentarily. I'll start slowly, and let him guide me.

I move up, and start blowing warm air onto his cock, while at the same time running the tips of my fingers over his balls. He murmured something in his sleep, but he doesn't quite wake up yet.

I touch the tip of my tongue to the velvety soft head, then I start gently running my tongue up and down his cock. I add just a fraction more pressure with my tongue, and I can feel him getting hard. I slowly coat his entire length in my saliva, as I feel him growing harder in response to my tongue. I listen to the way his breathing changes, and now I'm not sure if he's awake or asleep. Oh well, keep going. Don't stop.

I gently kiss his balls, then I run my tongue over them, in small circles. His cock is standing tall now, waiting for me. I kiss it softly all the way up, and when I get to the mushroom head, I flatten my tongue and lick it in one long, slow stroke all around it. His cock jerks against my tongue. Now he's moaning softly.

I gently ease my lips over the head, listening to his breathing getting faster. I look up at his face, and his eyes are still closed, but the expression on his face is priceless. Then I wrap my left hand around the base of his cock, and I start to gently squeeze. He groans, and lifts his pelvis up into my face. Now I know he's awake, even though his eyes are still closed.

I let my tongue dance all over the head, listening to his moans getting louder. Faster, then slower, with the tip of my tongue. Harder, with more pressure, then softer, gently licking around the rim.

I flattened my tongue to give him another long slow lick, from his balls all the way to the head. He squirms, whimpering. I love knowing what I'm doing to him. I know how to get another priceless reaction too. I swipe my tongue over that sensitive little ridge again, and he gasps, grabbing my head in his hands. So I did it again.

Suddenly I let my lips slide all the way down to meet my hand. His hands find my hair, and his fingers caress my head, wrapping my hair around his fingers. I look up into his face again, and this time, his eyes are open, and he's watching me with lust in his eyes.

Holding his full eye contact, I open my lips and suck the head into my mouth. Bobbing my head up and down, I gradually work more and more of his cock into my mouth. I gag, but I don't care. I know he wants this. It's his birthday, so I want to make this as good as I can. I try to relax my throat as much as possible. I can feel his fingers, wound through my hair, as he tries to push his cock further into my mouth. I keep trying to take it, then I feel it slide down my throat, as he groans. I can't breathe. But I don't care. For now.

My nose is buried in his pubic hair, and I can feel the pressure of his balls on my chin. I open my jaw a little bit wider, so I can stick my tongue out and lick his balls. His whole body jerks, in an involuntary shudder. I love watching how he reacts to my tongue. 

I brace my hands on his hips, then I wrap my lips tightly around the shaft, increasing the pressure as I draw my mouth upward. When I reach the head, I roll my tongue into one long lick all around the. He groans, and tries to pump into my mouth again. I smile around his cock, and wrap my left hand around the base, very gently squeezing and releasing, over and over and over again.

I can feel his whole body tensing up. I take my cue from his breathing, coming in jagged gasps. I love knowing what effect I'm having on him. And it's turning me on, too. But this time, the pleasure's all his. My pleasure's going to come from watching him orgasm.

I traced one finger lightly over his balls, at the same time I traced the tip of my tongue over the head. My left hand is still wrapped around the base of his cock, still gently squeezing him, rhythmically, over, and over, and over again.

Maybe he'd like it harder, and faster, too. I suddenly suck him in hard, all the way down to my hand. I stay there, sucking hard for a moment, listening to his moans. Then I release him, and slide my mouth back up again, and my tongue run rings all over the head.

He starts squirming against my mouth, and I start massaging his balls with my right hand. He groans louder, and starts trying to pump into my mouth. He moans my name. I respond by gently squeezing his balls. They feel tight in my hand, and I know he's close. I start sucking harder, and faster, following every cue he gives me. I keep increasing the pressure, concentrating on the head, sucking hard, while also flicking my tongue against that sensitive little ridge under the head. I can feel his thighs trembling, against the sides of my head.

He's almost yelling now. I'm sucking it, harder and faster. My hand squeezes the base of his cock gently but firmly, in time with my tongue, flicking against that sensitive little ridge. He gasps. I want to taste his come. His whole body is trembling. His cock starts to throb, and I suck madly, taking a deep breath in through my nose. I want to taste his come, and i want it now...

As he shoots his load, deep into my throat, I start swallowing. I suck him hard, rolling my tongue over that sensitive little ridge, over and over, and over again, in time with my left hand squeezing the base of his rod. I don't even stop to breathe. I keep going until I know he's got nothing left to give me. Then I know it's okay to breath again.

The force of his orgasm is dying down now. Now it's time to bring him down again. I gradually decrease the pressure, while slowing down the pace. But I still don't stop. Soon, but not yet... I want to extend the pleasure for as long as possible.

I am still sucking, just not so hard now. And my tongue traces a path over the head of his rod, before coming down to flick against that ridge again, trying to give him as many aftershocks as I can.

He's lying back now, to recover. And his dick is starting to go a little soft. I think that's my cue to stop. And if he enjoyed that, even half as much as I did, then it would have been the best he's ever had.

Have a VERY happy birthday, Baby.