 This is my first story on here. Please tell me what you think and what I can do to make it better. I like honesty. It's not very long, but it was written for a friend's birthday.

*****

Today was Jessica's 23rd birthday. Just another day she felt. She had not cared much about birthdays in a while. They just meant she was getting older. She wasn't too happy with that thought or the way her love life had been going. She seemed to just attract assholes. But she had met this guy online who she had high hopes for. Anthony lived in Germany and she lived in Pahrump, NV, a small town outside Las Vegas. She wanted him to be there for her birthday so bad.

Jessica was short (5'3) with beautiful dark brown hair, 40D breasts, an ass to die for and quite a few tattoos. She was amazingly gorgeous. Anthony was somewhat tall (5'11) with brown hair and an athletic build he had gained from 7 years in the military. He wasn't a model but he wasn't bad either.

Unbeknownst to Jessica, Anthony had secretly planned to fly out to the U.S. to surprise her for her birthday. He got on a flight the night before and flew all night to ensure he would be able to be there in the morning. He landed in Vegas at about 7 in the morning and after getting a rental car he headed out to make the hour and a half drive to Pahrump.

Anthony arrived at her house at about 9:30 AM. He had a bouquet of flowers and walked up to her door. He was nervous. He hadn't told Jessica he was coming and had never actually met her. How would she react? Would she freak out that he was a creeper or would she accept him with open arms? "Only one way to find out," he thought to himself. He rang the doorbell.

Jessica walked to the door hearing the doorbell. Who would be coming by this early in the morning? She was in her pajamas still, wearing a matching Hogwarts pajama shirt and lounge pants. She wasn't even wearing a bra and you could just make out the outline of her breasts against her shirt. She slowly opened the door to look out. She couldn't believe her eyes. Was she dreaming? Here was the man of her dreams standing right in front of her. But he was supposed to be in Germany. "Anthony!?!?!" she exclaimed excitedly but with some bewilderment.

"Happy Birthday Jessica," he said, "I couldn't think of what to get you so I thought I'd just come out myself." He handed her the bouquet and smiled. She wrapped her arms around him and he returned her hug. She just melted into his arms. She couldn't believe that he was here at last.

"Come in come in," she said. "I was just getting ready to make breakfast and start some coffee, are you hungry?" 

"I can definitely eat, but I won't let you cook on your birthday," he said. "Just show me where everything is and relax." After showing him where everything was, she sat back and watched him cook. She admired his features. He was strong but not to the point of distorting his features. He had a very homely look to him. And he could apparently cook too as he whipped up a breakfast scramble with eggs, ham, cheese and potatoes. She was getting wet just thinking about him.

After they finished breakfast Jessica decided she would go change. She showed him the living room and then in a slightly sultry voice said, "Well, I'm going to get ready for the day, don't go anywhere." As she walked out the door, she was already taking off her shirt; sure he caught a quick glimpse.

Anthony was sitting there in the living room, thinking about how beautiful she was. The pictures and video chats didn't do her justice. She was the most striking woman he had ever seen. He couldn't keep his eyes off her. And there was no way she didn't realize what she was doing. That was why she was taking off her shirt before she even left the room. He couldn't help but think about the things he would like to do to her.

About 20 minutes later, Jessica came back in. She was wearing a strapless top that helped to accentuate her chest tattoo and a pair of skinny jeans. She looked simply stunning.

"So, what are your plans for my birthday since you flew all the way out her?" she asked.

"Thought we'd go into Vegas and party it up on the Strip. Just have some fun. And then I have a nice dinner planned," he said.

They headed down to the Strip. They went on the rides on the Stratosphere, rode the coaster at the New York New York, walked through the Forum Shops at Ceasar's Palace pretending like they could afford the expensive items and just had a blast. After a long day, they went to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant at the Paris Hotel. They had a very romantic dinner overlooking the Fountains at the Bellagio.

"Tonight has been so much fun," Jessica said, "I don't want to go home, I just want to spend the night with you."

"I have a room at the Bellagio," Anthony said.

"How much did that cost you?" Jessica asked.

"Don't worry about that, we can head over there now if you'd like," He replied.

They walked over to the Bellagio. He walked up to the elevator where the bellman addressed him by name. Jessica was surprised at this, but said nothing. When they got to their floor, they were taken to their room. Anthony had booked a Penthouse Suite overlooking the Fountain. It was the most beautiful room Jessica had ever been in. She couldn't believe it. She couldn't resist anymore and kissed Anthony. He held her tight and kissed her more. She pulled away and said she was going to powder herself real quick.

She walked into the bathroom, the suite had his and hers bathrooms. There was a robe hanging up, name brand toiletries and a massive whirlpool tub. She could get used to this. She decided to change into the robe. She knew what her intentions were tonight and knew he was thinking the same thing. She got out of everything, took a short bath and got in the robe.

Anthony also had gone to the bathroom, taken a shower, and changed into the robe. He then had gone back out where he prepped the bed. He had ordered rose petals, strawberries and chocolate sauce delivered to the room. He was waiting when Jessica entered. She couldn't believe everything he had done to make her birthday so special.

Jessica climbed on the bed at Anthony's beckoning. Anthony gently pushed her to the bed. Although he liked to be in control, today was going to be more about Jessica. It was her birthday after all. He undid her robe and took in her beauty. He had waited so long for this moment.

He told her not to move as he got the chocolate sauce that at this point was slightly warm but not too hot. He drizzled it over her body. He took a strawberry and dipping it in the chocolate, took a bite of it. He then ran the strawberry over her breasts allowing the red juices to flow down her luscious mounds. He took another strawberry and fed it to her.

After this, he proceeded to lick the chocolate off her body, ensuring that he kissed and touched every part of her body except her breasts, exploring it with his tongue. After he had licked her clean, he moved to focus on her breasts. He licked at the sides of her breasts, moving slowly up using a flicking motion with his tongue. He took his time, ensuring that both breasts got attention and that he gave her as much pleasure as possible. When he got to her nipples, he sucked one into his mouth while his hand explored the other one. He gently bit her nipple while his tongue explored her nipple, tantalizing it with quick licks.

He moved his hand down and slid it between her legs, which she immediately spread for him. She was already dripping as he rubbed on her clit, continuing to suck on her nipples. He then slid one finger inside her and brought himself between her legs. He began to play with her clit with his mouth while he used his fingers to penetrate her. He sucked her clit into his mouth and used his tongue to play with it like he had with her nipples. His fingers were saying come here inside of her. He rubbed the side walls of her vagina and slid his fingers in and out.

She was on the verge of climax as he pulled out his fingers. He undid his robe and dropped it to the floor. She gasped when she saw him. He was bigger than she had thought. He wasn't huge, but he was plenty. He was probably 7 inches and wide. She was going to enjoy that inside her. He began by just rubbing himself on the outside of her opening. She was becoming very wet and couldn't take much more. She screamed for him to take her.

He slowly began to enter her, just the tip at first. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him towards her. He began to thrust inside her. He would alternate between going fast and then slowing down and letting her feel all of him going in and out. She could feel that it wouldn't be long before she had her orgasm. He pulled out again and had her get on all fours on the bed. He slid back into her from behind. She was so wet he slid right in. He pounded fast and hard until he knew he was going to let go. They hit orgasm at the same time. He had never felt a rush like he did with her.

They laid there on the bed for a while, spooning while he remained inside her. He kissed on her neck and ear telling her how glad he was to finally hold her in his arms. Then they rinsed off in the shower and lay in the tub for what seemed like eternity, just enjoying each other's touch. They climbed into the king bed and fell asleep in each other's arms.