 First of all before I start telling the story. For all of the people out there that have added me is your favorite author, I thank you, I thank you very much but I am not really trying to be an author. I have written a few erotic stories, eight in all, nine including this. I however, am just someone with some extra time on my hands and a few erotic ideas. I might write an extra one to make it an even 10. I might even write a second chapter to one too.

I urge you to check out, if you have not already, the other stories I have written. Again, I hope you do enjoy this one.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Larry Stalls woke up his favorite way to get awaken. He was lying flat on his back. His member lodged firmly between his wife's soft and firm enormous breasts.

His wife, Mary, was very beautiful and did not look a bit of her age of 35. Her face was just gorgeous, dark loving eyes, small nose, pouty lips, thick brunette hair but this was not her greatest asset. The thing most noticeable about her was her two all-natural enormous DD tits.

Larry did love her with all his heart but he shamefully had to admit to himself that this was the best thing about her. Larry did request that she awake him every morning with her knockers massaging his rod. On the mornings that he'd wake up before her. He'd pretended that he was still asleep so that she could perform her wifely duties.

Mary felt her husband's hands pressed firmly against her oversized cock warmers. He wasn't squeezing them to hard that it would hurt her but just enough to make it feel comfortable to her as he began thrusting his tool back and forth.

She knew that her husband must be awake, now. She looked up at his face and noticed his bright blue eyes were wide open. Grinning at him, she spoke out, "Do you like that baby?"

"Oh God yes," were the words being his reply.

"Oh baby, my prong feels stiffer than it ever has, he said, as he increased the speed of his thrusts."

"Yes baby, yes, you can do it." She spoke encouraging words to him, as the rhythm he had became more pronounce.

As his humping and pumping in between her two big balloons grew more rapid. Larry instinctively knew that he couldn't hold back much longer the inevitable was bound to happen. Loudly he let out a yell.

"AAArrgg, AAArrgg, AAArrgg," come out of his mouth, "oh God, oh God yes. Thank you baby, thank you so much."

Looking back up at him and grinning widely she spoke out, "I knew I could make you do it. These big old titties will make you cum every single time."

"You know, you know what?" Larry taking a big breath announced. "I think, I think that we should only do this every other morning, instead of every morning. There isn't even any cum coming out of me. Just the end gets all red and swollen up and the piss hole is just getting, a little moist, that's all."

"But baby, I love it," she said fingering the end of his penis.

Larry pulled his wife further up onto the bed. He held her tightly in his arms saying "I love you. You are just wonderful. I don't know what I would ever do without you."

Mary slid out of bed and put on a robe that was lying on the floor. The robe wasn't anything that she would want to be seen in during the day, just something that Larry had picked out for her to come to bed with.

"Hey, baby, I think we should get you another robe to wear out in the house during the day. Hell, I can see the end of your tits," Larry stated.

Her reply was, "You sure can. All for you baby," twitching her ass from side to side as she went to the kitchen.

Larry didn't want to get up. He just wanted to lie there in bed and rest. That cum made him almost pass out. He was brought back to full senses by the smell of something cooking, however.

"Damn, that smells good," came to Larry's mind.

He immediately got up and wandered into the kitchen fully nude. He saw his wife standing at the stove. Through the sheer robe she had on he could clearly make out her wonderfully firm and voluptuous ass. This sight caused Larrys heart to beat faster and also his cock that hung down and pointed towards the ground started to thicken up and rise till it was standing out straight.

He walked up in back of his wife. Raising the bottom of her flimsy rope up to her back he let his stiffened wand touch his wife's wonderful ass and start to enter her ass hole.

Not one for liking it in the ass, Mary reached back and guided his stiffened member between the slit of her shaven vulva.

Larry grabbed his wife firmly by the hips. He started to rock his own back and forth causing his stiffened manhood to slide in and out of his wife's snug vagina. In and out he drove his penis into her causing her to begin to feel not quite like cooking at the time.

"Oh yes. Yes, oh right there," Mary said dropping the spoon, "Hit that right spot."

With strong determination and vigor Larry humped and pumped at his wife just like a racehorse heading to the finish line. Nothing on earth could stop him now. He just had to do it. Cumming was inevitable.

"Oh God, I'm Cumming, I'm Cumming." Mary screamed out as she stiffened all her muscles and stood straight up.

Larry followed her as he had a massive orgasm of his own. It hit him so hard that he staggered backwards. His cock head being so swelled up he pulled Mary right with him. He fell backwards landing on his ass with Mary right with him.

"This was just the best time that he and Mary had ever came together," Larry figured. He didn't even mind his wife's weight landing on top of him as he hit the floor. He released his hands from her hips and wrapped his arms around her with his hands squeezing her gigantic tits.

"Oh I love you. You are the greatest thing in the world that's happened to me," Larry said to her as he kissed the back of her neck.

After about a minute of Larry squeezing her breasts and being impaled by his shaft. Mary tried to push herself upward. The head on Larry's penis was too swelled up, however.

"Oh, oh. Don't. Please no, let, let the swelling go down," Larry pleaded.

They both lie there on the floor with Larry's dick inside of his wife's tight loving hole and his arms wrapped around her for another 10 minutes, until Mary tried to get up again.

"Oh no you don't. You're not getting up. Your staying here, like this, all day long," Larry said as he held her body tightly against his.

Mary wiggled her ass back and forth with her husband's penis inside her. Larry thought that maybe it would get stiff again and they could go for another round. This was not to be. It slipped out and lay against her ass cheeks.

"Oh baby, I've got to get up and stir the oatmeal or it will scorch and stick to the bottom of the pot," Mary told her lover.

"Oh fuck it, let it scorch," Larry immediately answered her.

Another 20 minutes went by with both of them just having fun. Then, without them noticing, the smoke alarm let out a screech. The oatmeal had burned and the smoke had filled the room.

Jumping up and opening up a window Mary announced, "quick, quick open the windows and doors we have to air it out in here."

They both began opening up doors and windows and a person could see the fresh air pouring in as the smoke dissipated. The blaring tone of the smoke alarm had ceased. Mary ran to the pot of oatmeal on the stove.

"Oh look now. It's all ruined. It's burnt. You can't eat this. Now I'm going to have to start all over," Mary announced.

Putting his arms around her and starting to gyrate his penis against her Larry calmly said, "Don't worry baby, I'll just eat something else."

Pushing him away Mary told him, "Not now honey, the mood has just been ruined. You just get dressed and come back and have something to eat."

Larry got dressed and came back to the kitchen and sat down at the table. Mary placed in front of him a plate with two fried eggs on it and some fresh buttered toast. As Larry started to consume the eggs he heard from the bedroom the ringing of Mary's cell phone. 

Mary started to trot in there to answer it ass cheeks giggling up and down.

Larry alarmingly said, "Oh, please, just let it ring."

"Now what if it's something important," she said looking back over her shoulder.

Larry went on eating. The eggs tasted just great. Another thing, that Larry loved about Mary, the woman was a great cook. He felt that he was the luckiest man in the world. He could hear from the bedroom Mary's voice say.

"Okay, I understand but it's Sunday. Can't it wait? Well, if it has to be done today. Yes. Yes I'll be there. I'm on my way."

Upon coming back into the kitchen Mary sadly announced, "That was my boss. There is something at the office he wants me to do and he wants it to be done today."

"Oh honey, why don't you just quit that job. I make enough for the both of us. We got plenty of money. Our bank account is bulging. We got a great big house with three extra bedrooms. A built in swimming pool in the backyard. Each of us has their own car. The things I could name could go on and on. Besides, it's my birthday and I want to spend it with you, God dammit," Larry said, slapping his hand down.

"Oh don't worry, I'll only be gone about six hours. You won't miss me at all, I promise," Mary mumbled out a she started to put on some clothes.

Finishing the eggs and rinsing off his plate and throwing it in the dishwasher Larry sadly went into the bedroom and started to get dressed. Maybe, he could think of something to do to pass the time away until Mary got back. Maybe there was something out in the garage that needed to be done.

He went out to the garage. He wandered around it, looking at the floors, the walls, the workbench, the ceiling, everywhere. Sadly, nothing, nothing in here to be done. "Maybe I'll walk around the yard and try to see if there is something to do out there," Larry thought.

"Nope, nothing out here, nothing at all. These two big trees in front they don't need trimming. Grass, it's all neatly mowed. I'll go out and check in the back," Larry thought in his head.

"Well, everything back here looks right up to par. I'll check the P-H levels in the pool," Larry muttered to himself.

While getting the kit to measure the levels Larry heard a car pull into the driveway. He could see through the garage door window that it was his sister-in-law Judy.

Judy was one of Mary's younger sisters. There was Judy and her twin sister Ann. Mary often referred to them as little Judy and Ann. Even to their faces, she would say, little Judy or little Ann. This was something Larry figured was just some kind of sister thing.

When Larry opened the garage door and saw his sister-in-law walking up to the front door he yelled out, "Lit", Larry caught himself, "Judy, Mary's not here."

She stopped and walked toward him saying "Well, I actually kind of wanted you. There is something I want you to take a look at."

Larry thought to himself, "There, there is a little something to do to pass the time away until Mary gets back. "I'd love to Judy but my car's in the shop," Larry yelled out.

"Oh don't worry about that. You can ride along with me," Judy spoke out.

Larry sat down on the front seat of his sister-in-law's SUV. He looked over at her and smiled as she backed out of the driveway. Larry noticed that she had the windows rolled up tightly and was running the air conditioner. When she made it out of the subdivision and at the main road. She turned the opposite way of her house.

They had driven about 2 miles when Larry spoke out, "Hey, this isn't the way to your house."

"Well no, no it's not right at my house," she answered back, "but I think you'll like it."

They drove down the road for about another mile then turned left onto another road. They drove down it for at least three minutes then turned right. Right into the parking lot of a motel. She jumped out of the SUV and motioned for him to follow her.

Larry thought this was awfully strange but followed her anyway. He followed her into the lobby and over toward the elevators. She pressed the button and down came an elevator and they both got in. She pressed the elevator button for the third floor and it ascended upward. When it got to its destination the door opened up and out into the hall they stepped. She walked about three or four rooms down and slid her key into the door.

She opened the door and walked inside, Larry hesitantly followed her. Once inside she closed the door behind them and said "Here, here is what I want you to look at."

She pulled the ends of her shirt out of her pants and started to unfasten the buttons on it. First the top, then next, then the next, all the way down to the last. When she finished she took it off her shoulders and let it hit the floor.

"Here is what I want you to look at. How do you think they look?"

Larry was just speechless. All he could do was just stand there with his eyes open as wide as they could get and his jaw open.

Judy fell to her knees and started unbuckling Larry's pants. She started pulling them down after she got them all unfastened. When she got them past his knees she let them fall and hit the floor. Next was his boxer shorts which she gave a big tug on the bottom of and they fell on top of his pants.

She reached out her hand and took all hold of his limp pecker and started to play with it. She would stroke it, play with it, shake it, even rub her tits on it.

Larry said, "I don't think you're going to be able to get it up. Mary has made me cum, already twice today."

He was not the kind of person that would stop her, though. He let her continue and within a minute she had him standing right straight and proud. Larry could not believe this himself but here it was, right in front of his eyes.

She took a bottle of liquid lubricant out of the bag she had carried in with her unscrewed the cap and squirted some all over her beautiful round globes. She took a hold of Larry's freshly stiffened tool and smashed the end of it between them.

Larry rocked his hips back and forth and threw his head back thinking, "Oh God, Oh God, she feels exactly like Mary does." He wondered to himself, "why the hell isn't this girl married." He glanced down for a split second into her beautiful loving eyes and without a word being spoke he could tell what she was thinking. "Ain't I better than Mary?"

Larry then looked forward into the kitchen and concentrated on letting out some more built-up stress he had. Within less than 10 strokes he tightened up his muscles and held his breath and a big surge came across his body. His face turned beet red and the end of his wand did too. No semen came out of the end of it, of course but the sensation was just incredible. In fact it was so intense that he blacked out falling backwards and hitting the back of his head against the coffee table.

Judy immediately rushed up to him and began saying, "Larry, Larry, are you all right? Here, let's get you up and see if we can make it onto the bed so you can comfortably lie down.

They made it into the bedroom and Larry fell backwards onto the bed. Judy pulled off his shoes and his pants and underwear and told him, "See if you can get under the covers."

Larry was able to and as soon as his head hit the pillow he was fast asleep. He awoke later on by the sound of the bedroom door closing. It was Judy only she was totally nude holding her purse. As she walked closer to the bed. In the dim light he could tell that it was not Judy, but her sister Ann.

"Oh God, do these two look alike," he thought to himself. Also, he couldn't get over the fact that how Ann reminded him of Mary, right down to the meticulously shaved pubic area.

She got under the covers with him. She moved up next to him and grabbed a hold of his shrunken member. She started to play with it but Larry said, "You're not going to be able to do anything with that, I've already cum too many times already today."

"Well, we'll just see about that," was her reply.

She got up, walked over to her handbag, reached in and pulled out a bottle of moisturizing lotion. She got back under the covers with him. She poured some on his spent worm, stroked it up and down a few times with her hand. She would play with it and twirl it around with her fingers. She would even rub her smooth snatch against it. He could feel her playing with his large balls in his nut sack. Finally, after about 20 minutes of her coaxing it began to respond to her touch.

Larry himself, could not believe his eyes. His prick, that he thought was dead for the day, was standing straight up as he lay on his back. He was ready for the fun to begin.

She started in very slowly and seductively. She pulled the covers down past his kneecaps as she kneeled between his legs. She would brush her nipples against the sides of it, driving him wild. She would dangle her tits over his stiffened rod with the end of her tits making contact every once in a while with his erect pole. Then finally when he was at the height of agony and anticipation, she laid back down on her belly and placed his man meat in between her watermelon sized, well slicked up gazongas. She smashed them very tight around it as she rocked herself up and down.

Larry was just in heaven. Judy was tittie fucking him better than he ever had been. This reminded Larry of Mary when she was just a girl. Finally, Larry could take no more. He held his breath, his muscles stiffened, he gripped at the mattress, his face turned beet red his cock head swelled up three times its size, and he finally collapsed back in the bed.

That was it for poor Larry. All blood had left his brain and he passed right out. The only way you could tell he was still alive was you could see his heart beating in his chest rapidly and his chest was raising up and falling down as he breathed. Judy pulled the covers over him and herself and snuggled up close to him.

She hugged him and held him close. Saying, "Mary is the luckiest woman on Earth."

After about an hour Larry was awoke by the sound of Judy's cell phone ringing. She quickly picked it up and answered it. All Larry could hear was... Yes... I sure did... Yup Ann too... Well, he's asleep now. That kind of war him out. Let him rest... Uup, he's awake, I'll hand you over to him -- it's your wife, as she handed him the phone.

Larry came back to his senses right away. What rushed through his mind was, "Oh My God, Mary. What the hell was he going to say to Mary." -- Grabbing the phone he nervously said... " Huh, Hi hunny, how's work?"

On the other end came "Silly, I'm not at work. I'm in the next room. My boss would never ask me to come in on Sunday. I've been there too long. Happy birthday. I trust my sisters have both taken care of you very well. Don't think I haven't noticed how you've always eyed and lusted after them as they sat out by the pool in their bathing suits. How you've always wanted me to invite them over when they would wear low-cut shirts. Oh happy birthday, I hope you enjoyed your present.

Larry said Goodbye to his wife and as he was putting the phone down on the bed, all he could think of was, I sure hope Mary doesn't want anything like this' for her birthday. Then a big sense of relief come over Larry and he thought, "How could she. She knows I'm an only child."