 "Bra off please," you asked, a rasp in your voice. I reached my hands behind my back and unclasped my lace bra, letting it fall from my shoulders, the lowered cups revealing full milky white DD breasts. I heard a soft exhalation from Lily; knowing how much she liked large breasts, I knew this show was for her. 

From the corner of my eye, I could see you walk to Lily. There was again silence, before Lily's feet disappeared from view, and there was a soft thud as the bedroom door closed, Lily on the other side. I had known since our phone call that she didn't want to watch us together and would be absent until we called for her. Suddenly alone with you in the room, however, nerves suddenly flooded my body. 

Your feet reappeared in my sight as you moved to stand in front of me. A shiver of anticipation rolled through my body. 

"Look at me," you commanded. 

I raised my eyes to look at you, my pussy wet with the feeling of submission that always overtook me when in this position, knowing that I was about to taste your cock. 

My eyes met yours and I recognised the same dark hunger in you that I felt coursing through my body. 

"Unzip my pants," you commanded. 

With a gulp, my somewhat shaking hands lifted from my thighs to the zipper at your crotch, tugging the tab down, the release of each metal tooth revealing your blue boxers. 

I tugged your pants down further until you stepped out of them, leaving you standing in front of me, the shape of your cock shown through the light material of your boxers. 

I looked up at you, awaiting your next instruction, and caught the smirk on your face as you recognised the hunger in my eyes, instinctively knowing what I was craving. 

"You want to do something, don't you Jess?" you asked. I nodded at you. 

"Do it," you continued, watching me curiously. 

I moved forward, raising to a heightened kneeling position, my hands running up the sides and back of your thighs, feeling your muscles under my touch. My hands reaching your hips, they raised to your lower back, firmly massaging as they made their way back down to your ass, feeling you through the light material as I was suddenly face to face with your crotch. I looked up at you to see you watching me, certain you could feel my warm breath through the material covering your cock. 

I ran a finger under the band of your boxers, looking back up at you, silent asking permission. You smiled at me and nodded. I hooked both thumbs under the band and tugged them down, my breath catching in my throat with desperate want at the sight of your thick cock. 

My attention focused solely on the object of my desire in front of me, aware that my naughty pussy was dripping with want, I forced my eyes away from your enticing cock back to look at you. Although my want was obvious, a cheeky smirk crossed your face. 

You raised an eyebrow at me, asking, "what?" 

I moaned softly, asking, "can I taste you?" 

Your look this time was of slight reprimand. 

"Excuse me?" you asked against, your tone suggesting there was something I had missed. 

A deep blush rose on my cheeks. 

"Please may I taste you, sir?" I asked, desperately hoping you would, this time, grant me permission. 

With the cheeky grin that spread across your face, I didn't wait to hear the consent you quietly responded with before taking your cock in my mouth. The contrast of your smooth skin sheathing your thick hard cock was enough to make me moan, allowing you to feel the vibrations of my mouth. 

Taking you deep in my mouth, my hands grasping your ass as I pulled you to me, wanting to feel you as deep down my throat as I could. 

My hands moving to your cock, one hand firmly wrapped around the base of your shaft, I lifted my mouth and licked the length of you, relishing the taste that had long been forbidden, that had been the subject of many fantasies. 

You knew how much I enjoyed sucking a man's cock, especially when he would stand back and let me do what I loved. It was a particular pleasure, then, that you did not force my face nor your cock into my mouth - rather, your fingers tangled in my hair, gently guiding me as I swallowed your length, soft moans and gasps escaping my mouth as I lost myself in the pure pleasure I get from giving a man head. 

My tongue swirling its way around your cock, it flicked against the tip of your cock before I eagerly dove back down, taking you so deep down my throat that I gagged a little, the muscles tightening around your thickness as my tongue reached out along the base of your cock as the tip of my tongue reached out to lick your balls. I heard a moan escape your mouth the first time I did this and smirked to myself; it was a trick you had suggested to me many years ago, but one, until now, you had doubted that I had mastered. 

Knowing that you were getting closer to orgasm, my actions intensified, desperate to feel you explode in my mouth, to taste you as Lily had suggested. 

A gravelly tone escaped your lips, as you growled at me, "bed." 

I let your cock drop from my lips as I looked up at you in surprised. 

You looked back at me with an intense hunger, as you firmly ordered, "get on the bed. Now. Lay down, on your back, head over the edge." 

I gulped as I scrambled to my feet and moved to the position you had described, nervous anticipation coursing through my body. 

You stood at my head, drinking in the sight of your almost naked friend, obeying your every command. My heavy breasts fell to the side slightly, which was to be expected when of such natural size. My smooth pretty pussy was perfectly framed by the garter belt and suspenders holding up the black stockings. As you stood watching my body, I gazed up at you, watching you stroke your thick cock, my desire growing. 

Your self pleasure continued for longer than my body was prepared for, and my dampening pussy and desperate tongue couldn't hold out much longer. 

"Please," a soft plead escaped my lips. 

You looked down at me smirking. Your hands reached over me, fingers on my nipples, tweaking them until a soft cry escaped my mouth. As my mouth opened as the sound escaped, it was suddenly full, your cock driving into my mouth, gently thrusting down my throat. 

I moaned at sudden fullness, one hand raising to fondle your balls. 

"Rub your clit," you instructed, as you continued to toy with my nipples. My other hand fell to my clit as instructed, lightly stroking the sensitive nub, causing a moan deep in my throat. 

"That's it," you growled, as the speed at which your cock was thrusting into my mouth increased, making me aware your orgasm was imminent. 

With a swift movement, you straightened, pulling your cock from my mouth. I moaned, watching you stroke your cock again, as you suddenly exploded, shooting two ropes of hot, sticky cum over my face and chest before thrusting your cock back into my mouth. 

This time it was a loud moan around your cock as I eagerly took you down my throat, savouring your saltiness. The erotic pleasure I always took from swallowing a man, combined with my fingers' swift stimulation of my clit, was enough to push me to the edge of orgasm, and the taste of you sent me tumbling down, wave after wave of pleasure coursing through my body as I swallowed your cum. 

Withdrawing your clean cock from my mouth, you sat on the edge of the bed, instructing me to clean up. You watched in erotic fascination as I wiped every inch of your cum from my face and chest, licking my fingers clean as I did so. 

When I was finally clean, I lay still and looked up at you. You smiled at me and dropped your hand to softly cup my now clean face. I smiled back, sitting up. 

I moved from the bed, bending to collect my discarded bra, when you looked at me, suddenly concerned. 

"What are you doing?" you asked. 

I looked back at you, confused. 

"You had your birthday surprise from me, I'm sure you want to celebrate with Lily," I answered. 

"Well, actually," you answered, rising from the bed and opening the door, calling out for Lily, "there may be a surprise for you too." 

Lily rounded the edge of the door, standing next to you, wrapping an arm around your waist. 

You looked down to meet her eyes, asking, "does the other discussion we've had stand?" 

She looked back at you, nodding with a cheeky smile. 

You were both met with a look of confusion on my face as you looked over at me. 

"Lily and I have talked about this before," you started, startling me, continuing, "and we agreed that, if it were ever on the table, then we'd like to explore a little, together." 

I looked between you and Lily, incredulous. Were you suggesting what I thought, and hoped, you were? 

The smiles that greeted me were confirmation that another of my fantasies may have been about to be realised. But that's a story for another day.