 I awoke this morning to a very warm body snuggling up against my back. A hand gently traced the outline of my back, shoulders, down my left arm, and over my hip. It slipped around me caressing my chest and stomach. It slid further over across my boxers, finding my cock in "morning-hard-on" status and gently began rubbing the underside with its palm, the gentle pressure causing it to stiffen further.

As my eyes began to adjust to the mainly dark room a little morning light crept in from between the curtains. 6:58am, this was early for her, usually she's trying to sleep in, especially on a Saturday morning. Then in my sleepy haze, I remember, it's my birthday, and I think she intends to ensure I enjoy the first minutes of it. A sly smile crosses my face as she slips her hand underneath the leg of my boxers and gently begins tugging on my shaft, now fully erect in her little grasp. Her hand methodically pumping my cock slowly appreciating the effect it is having on me.

Ann wasn't usually as horny as I am every morning, in fact it was usually me who was the instigator at this hour, and I was thoroughly enjoying the role reversal. We've been married going on 5 years now, both in our mid-thirties and doing our best to stay in shape for one another. I'm 6'4 and about 210 pounds, a former athlete; I still have the athletic frame with broad shoulders and a narrow waist, even if I don't have the 4% body fat I was once so proud of. She's 5'4 and petite with 36-24-34 curves, a nice set of C cups that are still perky and topped with delicious pink nipples that get hard easily. Her green eyes and neck length slightly curly auburn hair are captivating each time I see her. She's classy, and approaches life with style and grace, but this morning I was getting to enjoy her other side. The sexy side, the side that knows her every movement drives me wild and she loved having control over my body. I was relishing her touch, and she knew it, drawing it out for me slowly.

A quiet moan escapes my lips as I gently roll onto my back. My right arm reaches over wanting to pull her close to me, but her other hand pushes my back down onto the bed. It's apparent this gift is all for me, and I am just to relax. Laying me flat and kneeling next to me now she reaches down and slides my boxers completely off. Leaving me naked, my stiff cock oozing precum and standing at complete attention for her. She kneels between my legs and lowers her head, allowing her mid-length auburn hair to caress my balls and up to my shaft. The sensations tickle and electrify everything she touches. She backed off again, this time allowing her nose and cheeks to slide up them from bottom to top. The third time she lowered herself I felt the warm, electrifying touch of her hot tongue, gently caressing my sack and sliding it's way up the sensitive underside of my hard mast. It paused to slowly encircle the ridge around the head, now throbbing and pouring precum out now leaking out of the tip and sliding down my length. As her tongue tasted the first bit, she slid her tongue down the entire length, lapping up the trail my own body was uncontrollably producing. 

At the base, she opened her mouth, encasing just the base of my cock in her warm mouth, her tongue slipping out on the underside to reach around my now throbbing shaft. Slowly and deliberately her tongue again traced back up my cock, to the head. I felt like I was pumping out a gallon of precum at this point. She raised her head slightly and blew cool air down the length of my rigid pole. Then like a predator consuming its prey she slid my hard length into her mouth, my head sliding all the way back and bumping the back of her throat. The immediate sensation of cool air and her hot mouth was incredible and I let forth an audible moan. She slowly raised her head, and began slipping my cock slowly in and out of her mouth, each time taking me to the depths of her slippery, warm mouth. 

I wanted this feeling to last forever, her slick tongue sliding back and forth, as she quietly made little noises from my now obviously wet member slipping past her lips. In complete ecstasy I opened my eyes again and watched her work her magic on my cock. Slowly sliding me in and out, making sure I was enjoying every second and could feel every inch of my cock sliding in and out. She was moaning now, taking my cock in deeply, one of her hands reached up and began to caress my balls as her mouth continued it's skilled work on my rigid tool. 

I felt my orgasm nearing, though she did not increase her pace, only continued to slide my hard cock deep into her mouth, over and over again. My balls began to tighten and my breathing increased. Sensing my impending orgasm she took me deep, enveloping my entire length into her throat as my cock began to spasm. 

The first jet of hot cum raced along my shaft and ejected itself down her throat, my stiff member uncontrollably beginning to spasm as she struggled to keep me in her mouth. The second and third joined the first, and she began to raise her mouth until she just held the throbbing head in her mouth, the last couple of spurts erupted, filling her mouth with my hot cum, she moaned, making want to keep cumming all morning, but with my load completely spent, my cock continued to spasm in her warm embrace. 

When she was sure that she'd received all I had to offer, she released my softening cock from her lips, looking at me lovingly and swallowed. Then collapsing on the bed next to me, she rolled onto her side, and I rolled in behind her, holding her tightly I we both drifted back off to sleep. As the thoughts of what just happened circled my mind, little did I know, this was only Chapter one of my birthday surprises.