 It was my birthday so my wife Amber and I decided to just celebrate it together in a romantic dinner. She booked us a table in one of the best hotel and restaurants in town the night before.

"Baby, it's going to be 7:00PM tomorrow," she said, "don't be late, okay?"

"I won't. I'll head there straight away after work," I said.

"Good. Wear something formal and the necktie I just bought you," she smiled at me before she gave me a good night kiss.

She's always so sweet, innocent and gentle. That's what I love about her hence why I married her right away last year just after 6 months of dating. I just knew, when I met her, she will be the one for me. I'd love to sleep and wake up next to this wonderful woman. I'd love her to be the mother of my children. I'd love to come home to see her smile. I love everything about her. Every part of her, from her short wavy blonde hair to her pale white skin, her soft pink lips, her deep blue eyes, her tiny beautiful body, her sweet gentle voice and her simplicity.

"Don't I get an early birthday treat?" I whispered while touching my nose to hers and palms cupping her nice beautiful ass.

She smiled at me looking at my face and said casually, "nope," pulled herself away from me and went to bed.

'Sigh. I guess I'll just have to wait. Oh well,' I thought.

I arrived in the restaurant she booked for us. I didn't realize it's some kind of a jazz resto-bar inside the hotel. The ambiance was great. Chill. There was a woman singing with the band when I got in. A waiter came right in front of me as soon as I arrived.

"Good evening, Sir," he greeted.

"Hi. My wife Amber had a reservation for us tonight," I said.

He confirmed and led me to the counter table in front of the bar which got me wondering.

"I'm sorry, did my wife get us a table, or..?"

"Yes, Sir, she said she's got it," he smiled and left me in the care of the barkeep. I sat in front of the bar. There weren't that many people there. I guess six guests in total. 

It was already 7:10PM and I have been waiting for my wife for about 30 minutes now. '10 more minutes, I'll call you,' I thought before I ordered my second whiskey.

My phone rang all of a sudden and it was my wife.

"Baby, I'm so sorry. Something urgent came up I will be very late! I'm so sorry! I have to finish this by tonight!" she cried.

"Hey, calm down. It's okay. I'll wait here, okay?" I said gently. I hate hearing her worried voice, "how long will you be late for?"

"I don't know. I'll let you know. Okay? I will at least try make it before your birthday ends. I'm so sorry, baby. I promised it to you and now I have to break it," I can just hear the sadness in her voice.

"I'll be here waiting all night if I have to," I assured her just so she'd feel better.

There was a bit of silence before she spoke again in her usual soft voice, "I'm sorry. I have to go and try finish things as soon as I can,"

"Sure," I said, "call me later on, okay?"

"I will. I'm so sorry, baby," she apologized before hanging up.

A few minutes after her call, I finished my whiskey and was about to order another when a woman came to sit beside me.

She was about as tiny as my wife except she looked taller because of her high heels. Sexy, beautiful red lips, gray eyes which kind of looked like contacts, short bob black hair and tanned skin. She was wearing a red dress that hugged her waist so perfectly and cupped her smooth breasts which were a bit revealed by her dress. She looked elegantly sexy. Someone you definitely wouldn't miss in the crowd. I couldn't help but get distracted and attracted as she moved slowly getting herself comfortable beside me, hanging her coat on the back of the high chair and putting her black leather purse on the table before she finally sat down.

She looked up at me and said, "Hi," in a soft but very sexy voice matched with her sexy meaningful smile, "is it okay if I sit here?"

"Hey," I replied casually. But all of a sudden I got speechless on how she looked facing me and looking straight at me and so I didn't get to answer her question right away, "Uh... yeah, sure!" I answered trying to keep my composure. I felt nervous all of a sudden and so much electricity running down my veins.

She smiled at me before she turned to the barkeep and ordered a glass of red wine.

"So, are you waiting for someone? Or..." she began.

"Ah... No- I mean, yes. I'm waiting for my wife. Uh...It's my birthday and we're going to have some dinner here," I said, "you?"

"I'm a guest here. I just came to meet someone earlier and decided to stay for the night but I'll be leaving town tomorrow," she said smiling confidently.

"Oh... I see," I said. I didn't really know what to say next. I was struggling with words so I took a sip of my whiskey.

"So, is she going to be late or are you just too early?"

"Uh... sh-she had something urgent to do and she might lose her job if she doesn't finish things tonight which I perfectly understand,"

"Mmm... a very understanding and attractive husband," she smiled before she took a sip of her wine right after the barkeep gave it.

We talked about quite a lot of stuff as I waited for my wife. I finished a couple more whiskey and she finished 2 glasses of wine when all of a sudden, while laughing at something we saw on T.V., she put her hand on my leg and said, "you know? I like you," she smiled, "you sound so interesting, not to mention you're hot."

I was a little drunk already and so out of no where I answered, "well... you look amazing and really hot as well."

She smiled even wider and moved her hand to her purse and said, "503," she then stood up grabbing her coat and whispered next o my ear, "that's if your wife doesn't show up before you birthday ends," and she headed towards the door walking so classy and sexy.

I definitely got what she meant. I was so confused though, whether to wait for my wife or follow her.

As she disappeared in the corner, my wife called, "Hey, baby! How's everything there?" I asked nervously.

"Hey, baby!" she greeted with her sweet voice as usual, "I think I will be finished in around about an hour or two so if there's anything you want to do while waiting, you can go ahead but just be there within 2 hours. Otherwise, I don't know. Maybe just cancel it and we can have dinner tomorrow instead? I'll take a day off and I'll make it up to you."

"It's okay, I'm not hungry yet anyway. I can wait,"

"Alright, I'll see you in about an hour or so. I love you! I'm so sorry," she apologized again.

"It's okay. I'll see you in a bit. Love you too." and we hung up.

I took the last drop of my whiskey and decided 'fuck it, Amber wouldn't mind'. And I started walking towards the room she said which was on the 5th floor.

I knocked on the door three times before she opened it for me. She welcomed me with a timid, sexy smile in her black silk robe which she left open for me to see her sexy lacy white lingerie; I can almost see through them. The room was dim lit and I can just smell her strong rose perfume in the air.

She grabbed me by the hand slowly into the room, not taking her beautiful eyes off of mine. She closed the door behind me, locked it and grabbed my necktie which made me bend a little closer to her face. Her eyes were melting me. She undid my necktie and placed it around her neck.

She slowly undressed me beginning from my suit, to my shirt before she placed her tiny fingers on my abdomen to feel my abs and looked at my face again biting her lips. I grabbed her ass closer so she can feel how hard she's making me but as I bent down to kiss her sexy red lips, I remembered Amber.

I stared at her eyes before I had the courage to speak, "I can't. My wife's going to be here in a bit," and pulled away.

She hugged me from behind and said, "your wife wouldn't know. It's our little secret. You don't know me, I don't know you, and it stays like that. Besides, think of it as a birthday treat, and just forget it," she assured.

I turned around to face her and she took my necktie off her neck and wrapped it around my eyes, "what are you doing?" I asked with a bit of hysteria in my voice.

"Relax. This only means excitement. The excitement of not knowing," she said excitedly yet calm.

She walked away and all of a sudden I heard a soft soothing music. I felt her hand on mine. She led me to what I figured was a chair and sat me there.

I felt her took my hands behind me and started tying me down with a soft silky thing, "don't be naughty, no touching, not peeking" she said.

I got nervous. My mind was just everywhere, not knowing what's going to happen next. Best case scenario, I will have the best birthday treat ever and the worst case scenario is my wife showing up in this room with her whole family greeting me a happy birthday with my pants down!

A few more second and I felt her warm wet kiss my lips for just about two seconds . I felt her kneel in front of me and kissed my nipple and wet it with her tongue, her hands on my knees. Swirling her tongue skilfully and sucking it as she was doing it alternately letting the cold AC blow on it and then warming it up again with her mouth. I can just feel my crotch go wild with the sensations she's giving me.

A few moments after that, she kissed my lips once again but a little longer this time. She then started rubbing my legs up and down through my pants and then she pulled away to take my shoes off and my socks. 

She got back to kissing me, her tongue searched for mine and so I gave it to her and then all of a sudden, she sucked it which made me twitch in a wildest way all over again as the pleasure electrified my body. She continued kissing me til I felt her hand reach for my belt and undone it. She unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, just leaving it open like that and still not pulling her lips from mine.

Eventually, she stopped kissing, sucking and slightly biting my lips. She stopped completely but not moving anywhere. Just seemed like she was staring at how vulnerable and open I was for her to do anything which of course made me nervous and think crazily again of what's going to happen next.

All of a sudden, I felt her mouth sucked the tip of my dick through my boxers which again made me twitch like crazy and made me even harder!

"Aren't you too excited? being this hard already?" she teased.

"m-my wife, she-," I said thinking about what Amber will say if I took more than an hour and she's already there. Time just seemed so fast at that time and I feel like I have to hurry.

"shhh... it's your birthday. Besides, it's only been like 15 minutes since you arrived," she said before she finally took my pants off as well as my boxers. "How big and beautiful?!" she exclaimed with an amusement in her voice.

"Thank you," I said feeling a bit at ease and proud. I positioned myself in my most comfortable way, sliding my body almost on the edge of the chair and opened my legs a little wider for her.

She giggled and I was caught by surprise as she touched the tip of my dick with the tip of her tongue, "pre-cum always tastes so good," she said. 'Oh. My. Fucking. Goodness. This is driving me mad!' I thought.

Slowly, she put her warm mouth around the tip of my dick and slowly, softly sucking it in, playing a little bit with her tongue, deeper and deeper every time. She played it with her tongue every now and again, gets back to sucking so skilfully and sometimes, with a bit of teeth on my foreskin. She squeezed my hard balls lightly and played with it with her fingers while still sucking me.

She slowed down after a while and started kissing me and swirling her warm tongue from my lips, butterfly kisses and slight sucking of my earlobes, to my jaw line, my neck, my chest, my nipple, to my abdomen, down to the tip of my cock, to my hardening balls where she started licking them, slightly feeling her teeth on them before sucking them alternately. 'I couldn't hold it any longer. I have to have her!' I moaned as the pleasure ran all over my body. I never knew she's this good!

"How about we get you into action?" she whispered.

"Fuck, please!" I pleaded. I couldn't hold it any longer. I really have to have her. I have to feel her warm wet pussy wrapped around my hard throbbing cock.

She again giggled and sat on my lap. I felt her soft skin on mine. She already took her clothes off! She kissed my lips torridly, grabbed my dick and rubbed it softly on her smooth warm went cunt. She moaned of pleasure. She moaned in my mouth and she moaned louder and louder as she was getting close to cumming while she was rubbing my dick on her clit.

"Fuck me! Fuck me now!" I told her.

"Oh..." she moaned again before she continued, "as you wish birthday boy."

She stood up and I felt her ass on my lower abdomen and not long after, I felt her tight wet pussy on my hard dick. She pushed it in gently until I was all inside her and she started moving her way up and down my cock with her knees together. She placed her hands on my knees and started pumping up and down her tight wet pussy on my cock.

She moaned with pleasure and so did I. I can only hear the sound of our skin clapping each time she moves, the moans and soft groans she and I let go in between the music that was still playing as she fucked me.

She stopped to move her other leg over my leg, spreading her thighs a little wider and again she worked herself on me. I can feel her wet cunt tighten as she neared her orgasm.

"Oh! Ah! Fuck, yes! Mmm..." she moaned.

"Let me go. I need to fuck you myself, please," I asked nicely. 

She didn't really listen. Instead, she fucked me as fast as she can like that until I heard her moan even louder and felt her juices soaked my cock. "Oh...! Oh...! Oh my... Oh... so fucking good! Fuck. You feel so good," she said and slowly stood up only to face me, fuck me some more on the chair while untying my wrist and taking the blindfold.

I saw her pretty face again in pure ecstasy as she moved up and down, her perky breasts bouncing up and down as she fucked me harder. I grabbed her ass and squeezed them. Moved my right hand to one her breast, lightly squeezing it before putting her hard sweet nipple in my mouth and sucked it as hard yet gentle as I can which made her pussy feel tighter and she moaned much louder so I did the same with her other boob. I focused on pleasuring her with her tits while she's fucking me with her pussy until again, I heard her moan louder and louder. She looked so beautiful as she came for the second time.

I carried her to the corner of edge of the bed and spread her legs wide open and there I fucked her as nice as I can. Pumping in and out of her, filling her up, making her scream in pleasure as she came the third time.

I felt myself getting even closer to mine and so I stopped and kissed her lips before I turned her around and fucked her from behind. She's amazingly wet still and willing. I fucked her as hard and fast as I can with her face on the bed. Grabbed one of her boob and squeezed it and rubbed her nipple while my other hand's on her cunt trying to rub her clit as I fucked her harder like an animal.

"Oh... Ah! Aah! Yes! Fuck me like that. Yes! Ah!" she moaned louder.

"Yeah? You like it rough, huh?"

"Yes! Ah! Yes, fuck me harder! harder!"

As I felt my body about to explode in so much pleasure, I lifted her ass a little bit high and spread her legs a little wider and pushed her back on the bed as I fucked her anticipating pussy hard and rough with my big hard cock as I was about to cum. She screamed and moaned in pleasure. I didn't stop until I unloaded everything I can in her and she again came and squeezed all of it out of me. I slowly thrust in and out until we're done and she sighed in so much relief and happiness before we both lied in the bed catching our breaths, staring at the ceiling.

She didn't say anything and she just stood up, got dressed. She left the room without saying anything but a smile before she closed the room.

'Amber!' I remembered my wife.

I hurried and showered quickly before I got dressed and ran downstairs back to the resto-bar. I sat down and tried to catch my breath before I waved to the barkeep and asked to give me another shot of whiskey after looking around and seeing no Amber yet.

Amber showed up after about 10 minutes wearing a white dress and a wide gentle smile. My beautiful wife.

"I'm so sorry," she said as wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me, "I'm such a horrible wife to you," her face was so apologetic like an angel.

"No, please don't say that," I said, "I'm so much more horrible, sweetheart," and kissed the tip of her nose. "You look unexpectedly amazing with a bit of tan, by the way," I smiled deviously.

She just smiled at me so sweetly and handed me my necktie with a wink.