 As you drive home from work late you start thinking about how shitty your day has been. No, correction your whole week. It started last Wednesday when I called at the last minute to tell you that my trip had to get rescheduled. You figured I chickened out. So there was crap, it is your birthday and you still haven't gotten to see me. Hell, you have barely spoken to me at all in the past week, and not at all today. Then, Saturday Marie tells you that she and the kids are taking a trip to visit her family and will be gone the whole week. So now you don't have me, you don't have your family, work is killing you because they are so busy, and to top it all off your driving home through rain so heavy you can barely see the tailights in front of you. 

It's been dark and gloomy all day. Just the kind of day that makes you want to go home, strip down and curl into your bed. Of course, that reminds you that the only thing sharing your bed for the next week will be your cat. With a sigh you try to concentrate on the drive. But no matter how hard you try to concentrate your mind keep drifting to the last story I wrote to you. It was well over a week ago, but just thinking about it makes your dick throb. Shaking your head roughly you focus on the road.

Two hours later you finally make it home. Pulling into your driveway you see your dark house and seeing how lonely it looks you just sit there for a minute and contemplate turning around and going out for dinner. Realizing that the rain has started to get worse you sigh a decide to go scrounge for something. Running to your front door you fumble with the keys getting thoroughly soaked in the process, finally managing to get your door opened. Flicking on the light you pull your wet clothes off, knowing there is no one to bitch at you, and pad through the house naked. 

Opening the fridge you look in, and seeing nothing really worth eating you wander off to the bathroom hoping a nice hot shower will cheer you up a bit. Softly singing 'Happy Birthday' to your self you start the water running and step into the hot steamy water. Leaning your head back you begin to remember one of the first stories I wrote to you about being in a shower together. Standing there with the hot water running down your body you close your eyes and begin to slowly stroke your hard cock. Picturing me on my knees in front of you taking said cock deep into my mouth, you begin to stroke faster. Letting the hot water let your hand slide easily over your rock hard member, you stroke even faster groaning loudly as you feel your balls tighten and your hot cum shoot out. With an even louder groan you lean back against the wall and continue to stroke you cock squeezing every last drop out. With a small shudder you open your eyes saddened that there is no one around to continue your joy with.

Sighing, you finish your shower. Wrapping a towel around your waist you pad back to the kitchen hoping to find something to eat. Seeing a note on the counter you pick it up. It's a short note from your father telling you that a delivery came for you, and he put it into the oven. Thinking that is kind of weird you open the oven to see a pizza with a card on top of it. Opening the card you see it is a birthday card from me.

Happy Birthday Lover,

Knowing that you were going to be alone today I got you a pizza from my favorite place up here. I hope you enjoy a true Chicago style deep dish pizza. After you eat, go curl up in bed and give me a call.

I love you babe,

Yours Always, Violet

With a grin, you follow the directions to heat up the pizza. At least something has turned out better today. Sitting down, you manage to eat two slices of pizza before wondering off to bed. Dropping your towel on the floor you slide between the cool sheets, rest your head against the pillows and dial my number. With a low curse you get sent to my voicemail after one ring. Deciding to not even leave a message you toss your phone onto the night stand and lay there staring up at the ceiling. After laying there for about thirty minutes, your long day begins to catch up with you and you feel your eyes drift closed.

In that not quite awake, not quite asleep stage you begin to think about me. Picturing my naked body curled up next to you in bed, feeling our skin pressed together, feeling my soft breath on your chest as I sleep soundly wrapped in your arms. Not satisfied from your shower, your cock begins to stir to life turning your dream more erotic. In your dream I slowly wake up and begin to kiss my way across your chest giving you soft, teasing love bites as I work my way down. Reaching your penis I slowly take it into my mouth tesing the head with my tongue. Sighing in your sleep your hand moves of its own accord reaching down to lightly stroke your cock in time with the dream Violet's mouth. 

Getting very warm you toss off the covers and continue to dream still stroking your cock. In your dream I turn my attention from your thick dick and begin to nibble lightly on your inner thigh making you squirm a bit. Kissing my way back up your body I smoothly throw my leg over your body sliding my hot wet pussy quickly over your cock taking you fully into me as I press my mouth to yours.

With a start your eyes pop open when you feel actual lips pressed to yours. Looking into a laughing pair of blue green eyes you grab my head pulling me firmly to you. Sliding your hands down around my back you realize that like your dream Violet I am completely naked. With a groan you pull me onto you right before you flip me onto my back forcing your way between my legs. Unable to help yourself you slide your hot throbbing cock deep into my tight little pussy. With a small grin you realize that I am wet and more than ready for you. Pulling my legs up over your shoulders you begin to slide your cock in and out of me planning to tease me.

Not realizing that I had been watching you the whole night, and was dripping after watching you stroke your own cock you are surprised when after a few strokes my pussy muscles clamp down on your dick and I begin to shake and cry out with an orgasm. Pushing your penis further into me, you continue to slowly pump in and out of me pushing me through my orgasm. Leaning down you capture my lips with yours you apply a different kind of pressure on both of us. With a start you realize how close you are to cumming, and try to pull out to make it last longer. WIth an evil grin I lock my legs around you keeping your cock deep inside me. Arching up into your kiss I slide my mouth over to your ear.

Nibbling softly I whisper in your ear, 'I love you.' Hearing that you loose what little control you had. Gripping my hips roughly you begin to slide in and out of me harder and faster. Lowering my legs to your waist you lean forward kissing me deeply as your body tightens and you begin to shoot your load deep inside of me. With a loud groan you collapse on top of me nibbling lightly on the inside of my breast while you try to catch your breath.

'Happy birthday darling. You have me alone until Saturday.' I softly tell you as I begin to rub up and down your back. 'Can we do this again, but much slower?'

With a silly grin on your face you roll onto your side pulling me into you as your hands slide up and down my body. 'Give me a minute, and we'll see if I can go slower for you.' 

Pressing your lips to mine again, you begin to realize that I was slightly gypped in this session. Sliding your body down mine you spread my legs looking at my shaved pussy and our juices dripping out of me. Slipping your fingers between my outer lips you begin to explore my pussy wanting to memorize each inch of it. Spreading my lips you gaze upon my wet little pussy amazed that such a small thing could swallow your cock whole and not show any signs. Grinning up at me you decide to test how tight I am. Sliding first one finger, then two inside me you begin to pump them in and out of my pussy. Getting your hand nice and wet you slide the other one down to my other tight little hole and begin to lightly rim it with your fingertip. 

Hearing only signs of encouragment you slowly slide the tip of your finger into my ass. Feeling me relax you slide your whole finger in. Hearing me cry out with pleasure you begin to fuck both holes with your fingers. Feeling my body tighten getting ready for another orgasm you begin to flick my clit with your tongue. Sucking it into your mouth to nibble softly causes another orgasm to break over my body. Feeling every muscle in my body tighten you continue to torment me with your fingers and tongue pushing me through one and into another orgasm. Giving my body no break you force me through too many to count until I lay there limp with pleasure.

Working your way back up my body you let me feel your already rock hard cock against my leg. Panting, trying to catch my breath I push you forcing you to roll over onto your back. With a grin I kneel up and quickly take your entire cock deep into my mouth. Nibbling and sucking on you, knowing that you are enjoying this, at least if the groans and hip pumping mean anything, I begin to slow down. Looking up at you I climb off of the bed and take your hand leading you into the bathroom. Bending over in front of you to start the shower offers too much encouragement.

Coming up behind me you slide your cock back into my pussy fucking me roughly for a few minutes until yet another orgasm breaks over my body. Head down, supporting myself with the edge of the tub I breath deepy before being able to step into the shower pulling you in behind me. Pressing my body to yours I kiss you deeply loving the taste of myself on your lips and the feel of our wet bodies pressed together. Still kissing you, teasing your lips with my tongue, I press you to the wall before dropping to my knees in front of you. Knowing what is going to happen you shudder with pure pleasure at the thought.

Grinning up at you I slowly begin to lick your cock from base to head tasting myself there as well. Moving slowly, letting the hot water rush over our bodies I work my way to the head of your cock. Flicking it lightly with my tongue I play with the small hole there for a minute before quickly taking your entire shaft deep into my throat. Feeling the head of your cock bump the back of my throat seeing my lips wrapped tightly around your base you groan and thrust your hands into my hair holding my head in place. Increasing the pressure on your cock, rubbing the head with my tongue, I keep you totally in my mouth for a minute or so before beginning to slide you in and out of my mouth.

Keeping control, I move very slowly enjoying the feel of your soft smooth cock slipping between my equally soft and smooth lips. Running my tongue along the underside of your cock feeling each shiver as I do something you really like, I give a little control back to you letting you guide my mouth along your dick. With your hands locked in my hair you begin to push me further onto your cock. Leaning against the wall realizing that your fantasy is coming true you begin to fuck my mouth with your hard cock. Loosing control again you force your cock as far into my mouth as it will go feeling my lower lip against your balls. Crying out you hold my head in placing thrusting firmly a couple of times before shooting your load deep into my mouth. Feeling me swallow every drop you shudder a bit as I continue to suck on your cock. Now at that so pleasurable it is almost painful stage you try to pull out. Grinning around your cock I grip your ass holding you in place as I continue to lick and suck your cock until it is clean.

Standing up I rinse out my mouth before leaning into you and giving you a slow kiss. 'Where to next lover?'