 I rolled up the windows to the sleek, black, sexy car. My husband sat next to me as I drove. His Carhartt jeans hung perfectly on his hips, and his long sleeved green shirt hugged his chest and biceps. Even with sunglasses on, I could tell he was sneaking peeks at me. I adjusted myself in the leather seat, causing my black skirt to rise up my legs a little farther. My shiny red tank top clung to my full, rounded breasts. He loved it.

"So, hunny," I asked with a wink in his direction, "what would you like for your birthday?" He smiled and ran his hand up my freshly shaven leg. I wanted to make his night special for him.

"Dinner was wonderful, sweetie. Thank you," he said as he kissed my neck. I wanted him so much. His kissable lips felt warmly wonderful. "How much longer is our son at your parents' house for?"

I winked. "All night." My husband smiled as he removed his sunglasses. The Fall air was crisp as we exited the car. I made to sure to NOT pull the hem of my skirt back down. I glanced back at him and saw him checking my ass out. I pulled him into the house and to the living room. His balance was a little off, thanks to "a few" bottles of beer, and 2 double belly shots off me of straight Jack Daniels.

His nice ass his the couch cushion. "I'll be back in a minute, baby," I said with my bedroom eyes on. I leaned in and kissed him, tasting the trace of JD on his lips. I ran my fingers over his brush cut chocolate brown hair. His emerald green eyes sparkled in the moonlight. I made sure to bend over at the waist as I turned from him to take my shoes off. He got a great view of my ass -- especially since I "just forgot" to put on panties ... or even a thong.

"You're killing me!" he yelled from the living room. I smiled as I strutted into the bedroom. A few moments later, I came back to him wearing a very short silk black robe. This piqued his attention. I ran the top of my tongue over my upper lip as I let it fall open and off my shoulders. It hit the floor revealing a slinky, naughty, hunter green piece of lingerie. A pale lavender colored thong rested on my hips. My husband smiled and exclaimed, "I can see right through that thing!"

I straddled his hips and cupped his face in my hands. His hands ran down the outside of my body. He loved my curves. I leaned forward so he could get a full view of my breasts. I could feel an erection forming in his jeans. I teasingly grinded my hips against it as I pulled his shirt off. I ran my hands over his delicious chest and through the slight hair on his chest. His sporty cologne filled my senses. 

I trailed my fingers down to his jeans. His button came undone, and the zipper was soon to follow. He sighed with a smile. His head rested on the back of the couch. I smiled at him, "Anything you'd like specific, babe?"

My delicious husband playfully pulled me close to his face. He gently pulled my hair, causing my head to go back. I smiled. Sometimes, I liked it a little rough. He whispered close to my ear, "Do you really want to know?" I nodded as best I could. "Can I have anything I want?"

"It's your birthday, sexy," I swooned. His smile grew in size. So did the bulge in his jeans. "Tell me," I pleaded. My husband wasted no time in ticking off his birthday wish list.

"I want my cock sucked. I want to watch you touch yourself. I want you to ride me cowgirl style. I want you to make me come hard," he requested, counting on his fingers.

A tall order to fill! I'm always up to my husband's sexual challenges, I thought. I smiled as I slid down his body, my knees hitting the plush carpet. "Well, you ARE the birthday boy," I said, my voice filled with ecstasy. He smiled as he got his first wish.

He felt so hard as I wrapped my lips around his full erection. He let out a sharp gasp as he gripped the couch cushion. I sucked him gently at first, then harder. He ran his fingers through my long, auburn colored hair, and begged me not to stop. He gently encouraged me to remain there. I flicked my tongue against the head of his cock, which made him give out a low groan with a smile. I added an up and down motion with my hand as I continued to suck him off.

At the slight taste of salt, I removed my mouth, but kept my hand there. He was enjoying the "perfect" grip around his erection as I continued to stroke it -- just the way he liked it; a nice, firm grasp. I leaned forward, causing my breasts to round out. I purposefully let them hang against his erection. He smiled as he dropped his hands to touch my breasts. I bit my bottom lip as he gently played with my nipple. That turned me on, and he knew it. I finished my stroking tease and pulled him to the bedroom.

I could feel his strong hands slide up under my naughty lingerie to caress my ass. "Any chance I can play with this tonight?" he asked, a little eager.

"Maybe," was all I said as I pushed him onto the bed. His tall frame bounced on the mattress. I laid next to him as I pulled him to his side. He ran his hand over the inside of my thigh. I was already dripping wet, and he noticed. He slid his finger past my thong and inside me, hitting my G-spot perfectly. My body shuttered at the feeling. He got me even wetter.

He kissed my lips, and then trailed it to my breasts. As he sucked my nipple through the lingerie, he continued to slide his finger inside me. I wanted him at that moment, but figured I should make his other birthday wishes come true. He pulled his lips back up to mine. I let him feel that I dropped my hand to my thong. Keeping it on - to tease him - I began to touch myself, rubbing in the most perfect spot.

He smiled and groaned as his emerald green eyes trailed down to my thong. "I could watch that all day," he said, breathlessly. The added pleasure of his finger made me practically gush with excitement. I smiled, but I could feel myself getting close to coming. He recognized that tense up and asked, "You're close, aren't you?" I nodded and began to pull my hand out from the thong. Gently, he guided his back down. "Please don't stop," he begged as he slid out of his jeans and boxers. He looked amazing naked! He knelt down and playfully pulled me to his hips.

I kept rubbing myself, getting wetter for him. He leaned forward and said, "I want to feel you come right on my cock."

"It's your birthday," I returned. Slowly, he slide his hardened, perfect erection inside me. I've never had that much of a full feeling with anyone but him. The entry alone almost made me come. With this added full pleasure, my rubbing intensified in an up and down motion. His smile grew much wider as he slowly began to thrust into me. It didn't take long before I could feel my muscles tighten around him. I groaned his name in a mind blowing orgasm. I was proud of him -- he didn't come. After I regained my senses, I asked, "So, how about that cowgirl style?"

He made the "mistake" of rolling onto his delicious tummy, leaving his nice ass up for me. Quickly, I swatted his ass but not hard enough to cause pain ... just a sexy tingle. "Oh, babe. Please don't stop. You know I love to be spanked." I smirked and bit my bottom lip. I playfully swatted him again. He smiled and asked for more. I decided NOT to. Instead, I ordered him to sit up against the headboard. He did. As I leaned forward to kiss him, I slid my tiny thong off.

Slowly, I slid him into myself, dripping with excitement. My husband slid the cups of my lingerie down, revealing my breasts. He smiled as he gently caressed them and then pinched my nipples. I rocked my hips back and forth, enjoying the feel of his cock. He wrapped his warm hands around my hips and guided them back and forth. His breathing became heavier, I could feel, as I ran my hands over his chest. My G-spot was certainly getting a treat!

I began to sweat slightly as he pounded into me. He was getting excited as he began to beg me not to stop. He slid one of his hands around and cupped my ass. He loved to play with that. I spread my knees wider and took him deeper into me. I could eel his fingers trace my ass. He filled me up so much! He was enjoying his birthday greatly. 

He leaned forward and sucked both my nipples at once. The sensation was mind shattering. He continued to pound upwards into me. He pulled me close to his chest. He smelled so good. My breaths became harder and quicker. I began to groan his name and grind against him.

Suddenly, he tensed up and screamed my name. I felt a warm release inside me as I grinded against him. A shiver ran down his body as he realized I was coming, too. My inner muscles gripped his erection and perfectly squeezed every drop out of him. He leaned his head against the headboard, spent. I kissed his ear and whispered, "Happy birthday, sweetie."

He smiled and sighed. Wrapping his arms around me, he blew me a kiss. "Yes, it was!" he answered. "Hell, if I get this on my birthday, what do I get for Christmas?!"

I just smiled, winked, and kissed my husband.