 Our afternoon had begun long, long ago, when the sun was being chased by the clouds and finally forced into hiding. We wrestled and tickled, staining our clothes on the dirt and the grass, genuinely enjoying the warm summer afternoon at our mountainside cabin, free of the myriad pressures and stresses of the workweek world. It seemed as if we were the only two people remaining on Earth, all thoughts of anyone else banished from our happy, secluded, private domain. Only the animals watched, initially - with our squeals and shrieks as we each tried to one-up the other and escalate our good-natured battle, the animals had probably all scurried away to escape our raucous din. 

But eventually, I hugged him fiercely to me, silently calling a truce to our blissful war as we each breathed heavily in the other's ear. The mood changed quite perceptibly, and my loins began to moisten in anticipation in the same manner that his loins created the telltale hardening which pressed snugly against me. 

The forecasted rain finally arrived, beginning with a light sprinkle. Although his body almost entirely covered me, pressing me down forcefully into the grass and crushing my breasts against my ribcage, I reveled in the feel of the few tiny warm droplets as they landed upon my hands and arms. I held him ever tighter, thanking the deities for allowing me to once again enjoy a summer shower, my favorite weather phenomenon since I was a very young girl. Wrapping my bare legs around his waist allowed more of Nature's wetness to fall upon me, energizing me yet simultaneously lulling me into a calm inner peace. 

I sighed softly as his lips found my neck. Again and again, he kissed me, licked me, gently bit me, rising up just enough so he could slip a hand between us and fondle me through my well-stained Totoro t-shirt. His other hand cupped my head, his fingers deftly toying with my long raven strands, gently tugging in the way that I like, as his hips ground his thickening hardness into the junction of my legs. The sprinkle became an actual gentle rain, kindly washing my face of the dirt and the grass which had stained it during our wrestling and tickling. 

My hands both slipped lower, gripping him through his jeans, squeezing him and causing him to growl softly into my shoulder before biting me gently through the t-shirt. The squeeze was enough; he knew what I wanted, what I needed, and established a slow, steady, loving rhythm, sliding his groin over mine with a pace I could instantly match. The wetness within increased, as did the wetness without as the water from the sky fell with more intensity, but still the same warmth of my favorite summer showers. 

Slipping my hands back up his body, I allowed my fingernails to graze along his spine, knowing that his body would essentially "shiver" at certain areas of contact. While those "shivers" momentarily broke our gentle rhythm, they also caused his mass to press down into me even more, just for those precious moments, as if his body was trying to fuse with mine despite - or perhaps to spite - our clothing. His hand left my breast and he lay fully upon me again, his muscular weight crushing me just enough to be erotic as my hands reached his head and guides his lips to mine. 

Our gentle rocking rhythm reestablished itself even as our lips set a different, slower tempo. The rain was now truly beginning to soak us, but neither us of cared - all that mattered was the intimacy, the desire, the love passing between us. We bared our hearts, our souls, funneling our innermost thoughts and secrets and dreams through our physical contact. 

I was so wonderfully lost in my desire for my soulmate that I was actually unaware that the kiss had ended, until he bit me again where the shoulder joins the neck, causing me to gasp, the sound ringing sweetly even to my own ears. I clutched him ever tighter to me, practically trying to pull him through my clothes and through my skin to join me inside my body, to fuse with me and create a single entity. Even though my breath caught from his weight, I tried even harder to pull him into me, my arms and legs seizing him like a steel trap, threatening to never release him. 

Yet somehow, mysteriously, quite effortlessly, he broke free of my grasp. Only when I then opened my eyes did I realize they had been closed, as the light of the darkened, rain-filled sky was almost too bright for me; yet I could clearly see just how his eyes bored deep into mine, his soul connecting with mine, and I could have sworn I could just faintly see my own face mirrored by his irises. As he sat back on his heels, still trapped within the tight grip of my legs, the rain truly fell upon me for the first time, and I was almost amazed that the thousands of tiny droplets did not instantly sizzle and steam since my body felt so warm. 

He bent forward, and I watched raptly as his eyes traveled the length of Totoro's smile emblazoned across my chest. His hands reached out, kneading either end of that smile, sending small sparks of pleasure emanating outward from my chest, ordering thousands of messengers to rush with lightning speed to my core with the order to exponentially increase the wetness already leaking from within my feminine folds. My eyes fluttered closed once more - this time, I was definitely conscious of the eyelids shutting out the light - and my other senses were almost instantly enhanced, especially the sense of touch. 

I felt the wetness both within me and upon me, the increasing weight of the t-shirt as it absorbed the countless drops of rain. I felt the grass and dirt underneath me, hard yet slightly yielding to my presence as the many blades subtly pricked my skin. I felt the breeze, so gentle it was almost imperceptible, graciously wafting across my wet body to help cool me just slightly. I felt the large hands filled by and manipulating my breasts and causing the t-shirt and the bra to slide just slightly across my skin in response, adding to the tactile element of this wonderful moment in our history together. 

Then suddenly, he no longer exploited my chest. He moved quickly, sliding about within the confines of my legs. By the time I opened my eyes and could focus again, he was descending upon me...

...and he kissed me - slow, gentle, caring, respectful, romantic. Then he raised himself up on his arms, waited a second or so, and descended again. The process repeated several times before I realized exactly what he was doing, and I smiled while trying to hold back a laugh. 

He was kissing me on the downstroke of his push-ups. 

He has long maintained that my laughter is contagious, and when I could no longer hold back my laugh, his quickly joined. Two loving souls sharing intimacy and laughter in the worsening rain - few would ever experience such an odd romantic thrill. 

Eventually, as our laughter subsided, he sat back on his knees again, and made a nice show of slowly slipping out of his drenched Kodama t-shirt. As he cast the garment aside, I sat up as well, stroking his newly-revealed flesh with my hands, kissing the now-bare skin, licking the raindrops from him almost as soon as they fell upon him. I slipped a hand lower, pausing momentarily to tease his navel before cupping him through his jeans. With his arms around my neck, I heard and felt his breath by my ear, I felt him twitch in my hand. Soon, he thrust gently against my hand, obviously enjoying the sensations I was creating for him. 

My hand cupped him with more force as my lips sought his and latched on as if only his sacred breath could keep me alive. Despite the heavy rain, my skin felt ablaze as his hands clutched me, kneaded me, molded me, groped me. Together we whimpered, albeit from rather different causes, as our kisses intensified, our tongues sparring and our teeth clashing joyfully. 

Without warning, he pushed me backward, and I instinctively scrambled to brace myself before I fell unceremoniously on the wet grass. Then he was suddenly yanking at my t-shirt as if its contents contained a highly-addictive drug that he desperately craved and needed. As soon as the t-shirt had cleared my head, it was cast aside, the rain falling now directly on my skin. Then he deftly popped my breasts up and out of the soft, confining cups of my bra, proceeding to devour them, moving quickly from one to the other like a young child in a newly-opened toy store unable to decide which toys to play with first. I lay back on the ground, clutching his head to my bosom, soft and unintelligible sounds escaping my lips as his kisses and caresses and bites sent sparks coursing rapidly through my blood, setting off tiny fireworks throughout my body which were mirrored on the insides of my eyelids. Wrapping my legs around him again, I humped upward into his chest, his growl at my actions resonating through my left breast as he simultaneously bit the nipple hard and tugged with his teeth. 

He bit me harder, and harder, and harder, ultimately making me scream from the pain even as bolts of pleasure ran from my left breast to my clitoris. He switched to the other side of my chest, biting me even harder still, causing my fingernails to dig into his scalp, and he squealed around my entrapped flesh. Then, suddenly, his mouth attacked mine, and we both lost ourselves in a wicked frenzy of uninhibited passion and lust, both of us consumed by the flames which no amount of heavy rain could ever extinguish. 

The wetness continued to flow from within me, but increased even more as his hand viciously squeezed a breast again before sliding down and unbuttoning my shorts. As if with a mind of their own, my legs spread for him, improving his access as his hand slipped inside my shorts and panties and cupped my slickened sex. I moaned softly, reaching for his face and pulling him back to me for a deep kiss, my tongue probing deep into his oral cavity. 

Suddenly, two fingers slipped inside me while his thumb flicked across my clitoris, causing my body to jump and shudder and my breath to catch momentarily. I resumed the kiss eagerly, then had to release his lips as his hand launched into full assault mode. If not for the rain, I probably would have self-combusted from the fire he was creating within me, and in the back of my mind, a very quiet voice rejoiced in the absolute seclusion of our mountainside getaway as my voice sang again and again and again and again and again, my entire being battered by the repeated tidal waves of intense pleasure spiraling upward and obliterating my senses like a long line of orgasmic tornadoes shredding the landscape of my body in the most beautiful way imaginable. 

In the aftermath, I was left gasping, my chest heaving in its urgent quest for more oxygen, my voice raspy with my labored breathing. When I finally opened my eyes once again, he knelt beside me, purposely not touching me, slowly licking my copious secretions from his fingers and hand, obviously savoring my taste while watching me with absolute rapture. He said something softly, but between the sound of the heavy downpour and the continued pounding of my heartbeat in my ears, I could not hear him, and could only read his lips, suspecting that he whispered, "Such a bitch;" although I could not hear what he actually said, I was utterly unable to stop myself from blushing a little nonetheless. 

I slowly reached out a hand to him, stroking his thigh. I wanted desperately to return the pleasure he had just granted me; I wanted desperately to engulf his throbbing hardness, massage him with my throat, and ultimately force him to paint me with his essence. He must have had the same thought and desire, as he slowly stood, towering above me as I still lay in the grass, and began to undress for me, taking his time, his hands constantly touching himself. And when at last the ultimate male symbol was revealed to me and he stood fully nude before me, my heart swooned, and my womb quivered with excitement, propelling yet another surge of liquid love through my drenched panties and shorts to anoint the grass and the dirt beneath me. 

Rising to my hands and knees, I crawled the short distance to him, bending to kiss his bare feet. Slowly, I worked my way up his body, my hands maintaining perpetual contact with him as my mouth licked and nibbled his skin. The rain fell even harder still, but neither of us cared. When I finally arrived at my goal, he thoughtfully brushed my wet, stringy hair away from my face as I took him into my mouth. 

So hard yet so soft, the erect invader thrilled me yet again just by its simple yet unforgettable presence. Despite the near-torrential rain, I could still taste the precum leaking from and coating the tip, and savored his sweet taste. One hand cupped him gently as the other reached behind him, squeezing as if to test the softness of a pillow. I felt like a little girl, enjoying an oversize lollipop for the first time, reveling in the taste, in the sensation of having my mouth filled, and it felt as if the wetness inside me was increasing yet again. 

The now-increasing wind, the incessant downpour, and his hands all caressed me. My head bobbed slowly, steadily, my tongue flickering about to purposely tease him. My remaining clothing felt heavy upon me, weighted down by the rain; even my hair felt heavy as it tumbled down my back, yet - like having him lay upon me earlier - it was a very welcome weight, one which few would likely ever comprehend. 

Reaching behind me, he unclasped my bra. My hands retracted while my head continued its steady pace, continuing to please him as I removed the final garment from my torso. Now topless, my breasts truly hung free, a sensation I have enjoyed ever since my chest began to develop all those years ago. My hands returned to my chest, fondling the hanging orbs as he returned to caressing my face and keeping my hair out of the way. His simple thoughtfulness earned him yet another mark of respect in my proverbial book, and I hummed softly around him in response. 

Gently, he nudged me away, kneeling before me and kissing me deeply. It appeared that I would not get my wish, at least not now. Instead of bathing me with his seed, he apparently had another plan. 

He hugged me tightly, whispering in my ear, "I'm going to take you like the bitch you are!" 

I held him even tighter for a moment, that one important word causing my entire body to quiver with anticipation. He knew I enjoyed being taken from behind so that he could spank me as he repeatedly filled me, and I suddenly no longer minded that my previous desire would not be realized today. 

Finally extricating myself from his grasp, I stood, and made a show for him as I carefully slipped out of my shorts and panties. It felt so good to finally be free of all clothing, to let the rain pelt my entire body without any barriers preventing direct contact with my heated skin. As I tossed the drenched black panties aside, he stood and pressed himself into me, his lips finding mine briefly before he spun me around to face away from him. For a moment, his hands cupped my breasts as if he were forming a human bra for me, and I could feel his hot, hard length pressing into the divide of my backside. Despite the rain, his body was just as hot as mine, and I knew that we would both soon be even hotter. 

Tiny hailstones joined the downpour as he nudged me toward the ground. I slithered slowly downward, attempting to keep my back in constant contact with him, and unable to suppress a smile and a soft sigh as I felt his hardness against the back of my head. I wanted so much to suddenly turn around and engulf him once more, but he quickly shoved me forward to my hands and knees on the wet ground, facing away from him. Beyond the edge of the clearing, the mountainside gave way to a sheer vertical drop, thus allowing an exquisite view across the wide valley, the opposite mountain range hidden by the thick curtain of rain and increasing hail. 

I felt him place himself into position, and then he barged his way inside me with relative ease. My body adjusted to him, spreading to accommodate him even while trying to draw him deeper inside me. The rain and hail continued to pelt us both, adding to the sensations washing over me. 

Fully sheathed within me, he lay upon my back, his hands roughly mauling my breasts. "What are you?" he asked in my ear. With the loud sound of the downpour, he obviously did not hear my response, as he asked even louder, "What are you?" 

"I'm a bitch!" I replied strongly, my head turned to his ear. "I'm your bitch!" 

He bit my shoulder, hard, and a yelp of pain escaped me. Then he raised himself up off my back, his hands moving to my hips as he began to piston inside me. The rain and the hail once again landed unfettered upon my bare back, the hail stinging as now larger hailstones pummeled me. My body moved in counterrhythm with his steady thrusts, the liquid love being sloshed mesmerizingly inside me as my breasts swayed erotically beneath me. My eyes closed, I was vaguely aware of the moans spewing forth from my lips, and knew that if he had his way, I would soon be screaming for him, screaming his name so the entire world would know who had claimed my body, my heart, my soul. 

I yelped loudly again as my soulmate spanked me hard, the wetness of my skin making the strike sting more than usual. He struck my cheeks again and again, timing the hits perfectly with his lunges deep into my body. I moaned, I yelped, I grunted, I squealed, and I loved every moment of it, the perpetual sway of my breasts heightening the experience. 

"What are you!?!" he nearly yelled as he plowed deep inside me yet again, accompanying the powerful thrust with another fierce strike to my ass and even larger hailstones now slamming into my unprotected skin. 

"I'm your bitch!!!" I cried after a loud grunt. "I'm your bitch!!! I'm your bitch!!!" 

A fierce bellow of thunder steamrolled across the mountainside just as I screamed in climax, yet my voice was nearly lost in Nature's roar. My body spasmed around the hearty intruder, attempting to milk every last molecule of creamy white goodness from it as my arms and legs turned to rubber. Seconds later, no longer able to support myself, I collapsed upon the ground, unintelligible sounds still escaping my lips as he withdrew, leaving me feeling empty. He was denying me yet again - he had yet to deposit his essence either onto or inside my body. 

I felt myself being rolled onto my back, and as I opened my eyes, I saw he knelt beside me, preparing to lift me as a large hailstone bounced off the bridge of my nose. "It's safer inside!" he noted above the clamor of the rain and hail and yet another roar of thunder. Somehow, I willed my arms to wrap around his neck, and he lifted me, carrying me back to the cabin and leaving all our drenched, discarded clothing behind. 

Just as he shouldered our way through the back door, another powerful rumble of thunder shook the mountainside, indicating the lightning was striking not far from the cabin. The noise of the rain and hailstones slamming into the roof was louder than I could ever remember having heard in the past, further evidence of the ferocity of this storm. I have always loved thunderstorms, and this storm in particular was providing an extra thrill to our afternoon activities. 

Gingerly, he set me down on the sofa, my wet skin feeling strange where it touched the upholstery. Then he spread my legs, knelt, and began to lick me. 

After the harsh spanking and the powerful thrusts he had used upon and within me when we were outside, the gentle, slow, deliberate, caressing motions of his tongue seemed almost foreign, yet just as amazing. His fingers carefully spread me, holding apart my folds so his tongue could have better access to my womanly wonders. 

The contrast of the gentle action between my legs with the near-violent weather cast upon the mountainside was incredibly mind-boggling. Yet my heart was torn between the two absolutely-opposite events: With each flash of lightning briefly illuminating the darkened cabin and each tremendous roar of thunder shaking the mountainside, my heart beat more vigorously, yet as the sweet and graceful actions of my soulmate continued, my heart melted and dribbled onto his face and fingers. Closing my eyes, I tried to concentrate on both events, attempted to fully enjoy each simultaneously. 
