 Really debated which category this story belonged in as I could see it fitting into a couple different ones. Probably chose the wrong one, lol As always, appreciate criticism, even when I do not agree with it. Anonymous comments disabled because they've not constructive or entertaining for the most part. Anyway, hope you enjoy.

*****

Claudia Scriver was one of the hottest women I knew, and I hated that bitch since she was Claudia Parker and coming over to play with my sister.

Claudia looked like a model - hell she did model while in high school. Full-lips, defined cheekbones, six-feet tall and all legs, she looked too good to be true. Lucky for me, her bitch-resting-face and constant eye-rolls and condescending tone always did it for me. Generally, I'm really well liked guy and like most people, but for some reason Claudia always hated me and I never knew why. 

Claudia and my sister, Mary, were BFF's since grade eight - when I was in grade six. There was animosity between us back then, which just grew over the years. The icing on the cake was two years ago, when she married her rich older husband, who was the uncle by marriage of my girlfriend, Mandy. My sister was the maid of honor, my cousin the usher, Mandy's brother a groomsmen, and because she was dating me, she wasn't invited. The excuse was it was a small ceremony, but almost every close relative I knew was there.

At my sister's wedding the same year, we were both in the wedding party and every effort was made so Claudia and I mingled as little as possible. Her drunken husband confronted me at the reception, something about defending his wife's honor or other bullshit. We ended up sharing a bottle of scotch while I told him embarrassing stories about his wife in high school. For an old bugger eighteen years older than his wife, Greg Scriver was a pretty cool guy. 

After marrying, both Mary and Claudia completed their final year of university and became teachers, though my sister ended up a stay-at-home mom instead. I was in my third year of study to become a massage therapist, and hoping wedding bells would be in my near future. 

I was expecting a quiet night alone when I heard a knock on my apartment door that I never expected. Mary had just texted me twenty minutes earlier asking if I was home or busy.

At my door, wearing tight jeans, knee high boots, lacy blouse and enough jewelry to ensure everyone knew she had money, was Claudia and her bitchy look.

"Claudia what a surprise?" I hated her, but being polite and nice was my thing.

"I was in a crash not long ago, and can't go to a regular therapist... Mary said you know what you're doing..."

"You want me to massage you?"

"A therapeutic massage..."

"Yeah, the happy ending ones are down the hall with the loud jazz music blaring," I said. She stared blankly at me. "Okay, why can't you see a regular therapist?"

She snorted. "Let's just say I was in a car crash, but can't have anyone know I was in a car crash. You have some confidentially thing, right?"

I shrugged and let her in. I had my cheap massage table set up in the second bedroom. Not fancy, but did the job.

"Okay, if this was an accident, there might be some tenderness, are you on any pain meds? Do need something?"

"Red wine if you have it."

I shrugged and went and grabbed an open, but mostly full, bottle of wine and a glass. Claudia gave a look of disgust over the wine label, but still poured herself a glass.

"Okay, I'm going to change in something easier to do this. Get ready and on the table in that bedroom. Towels are in there."

I changed into an old sweats and a tank top, my comfy rubbing clothes as my girlfriend called them. Claudia had the wine bottle and glass on the floor in front of her. I noticed she already had put a dent in it. She took off her boots, but was still fully clothed except her bare feet.

"Okay... no oil then..." I said, "where is it bad?"

"All over, mostly my neck, shoulders and lower."

"Ah... lower than the shoulders..." I could visualize her sneer and eye roll, even though she was looking down.

I started rubbing her shoulders from the side when she flinched and jumped.

"Sorry, Claudia, but I can't like this. I need to feel the skin."

"I bet you do..."

"I need to feel the muscles, where they're enflamed and not so I know where to put pressure and not cause discomfort. As well, massage oil makes it way easier. This is the same stuff therapists use - as I training to become one." 

I nearly said 'please don't flatter yourself,' but would be lying. As much as I hated Claudia, I definitely enjoyed every moment since puberty that I saw her in a bikini or other skimpy outfit - which was a lot over the years.

"I'm not taking off my shirt, I don't have a bra..." Claudia looked up accusingly and took a big sip of wine from the glass.

"That's why I mentioned to get ready and the towels... I will leave and you expose the areas that are bugging you, and cover the rest with towels. Okay... I know you think I'm scum, but I know what I'm doing."

"Fine... leave."

I shut the door and waited until she said she was ready.

Claudia was naked except for six inches of towel just below the top of her ass crack and presumably her panties. I admit I took a second to admire her perfect tan and taunt body, but then it was business. And I now was living with Mandy for over a year.

I applied some warmed oil and restarted her shoulders. This time, I was getting better results and not the flinches of pain. The sharp gasps settled into sighs.

"I don't think you're scum, Brian..." Claudia said flatly.

I moved to her neck. "Oh, that's the first time I can remember you calling me by my name."

"I just don't think you're half as funny as you think you are."

I moved around to just under her arms. "Oh, that is still pretty funny." 

Her skin felt so smooth and she smelled really good. I knew professional distance was needed especially with the climate around women feeling violated, but I felt a bit of payback that I was getting to rub Claudia's naked back.

"Quit telling jokes and just use you hands... You are incredible at this..."

I stopped around her lower back. "How much lower is it sore?"

"Lower..."

"How much lower?"

"By the towel, you said to expose where."

"So, your hips?"

"Hips, buttocks..."

"You want me to massage your 'buttocks'?" I couldn't believe she said buttocks and not bum or ass.

"No... You asked where I was sore and that's where else I am sore. I exposed where I want you to massage, like you said."

I took a sharp breath to relax. "Okay, do you want me to stop then?"

"No, continue, but you shouldn't have to rub there. Maybe my legs? This is really relaxing me, and that should make me feel better. Starting with my feet."

I was starting to feel like I was giving a spa massage instead of a therapeutic, but started with one foot to the sighs of delight from Claudia and then the other. I then massaged her one calf, again amazed how she had perfect soft legs. When I started massaging the other, I noticed a musky smell, which got stronger. She was getting turned on, which again was not unusual to happen. I was repeating in my head to remain professional, but another inner voice was gloating that I was getting Claudia's pussy wet.

I massaged her one hamstring and she shifted slightly. I noticed she wasn't wearing any panties and I could almost see her pussy under the towel. I massaged the other and went inside her thigh, gently widening her legs and sure enough, I could see the bare lips between her ass cheeks.

"That feels really good there..." Claudia sighed.

"So you want me to go back and do there on the other leg in the same spot?"

"Mmm, mmm"

I went back and now really could smell her and was starting to get an erection. I went up to about six inches from her pussy and stopped. "Okay, how's that?"

"Maybe, go lower on my back... stop at the towel. Gentle though."

I did her lower back and stopped right before the swell of her ass. It was an inch from the towel, so I went a little lower right above her perfect taunt ass. 

A voice inside my head started saying, "Don't think about it... You have the perfect girlfriend, and Claudia's a snobby bitch." 

However, as I stared at the start of her ass crack, fidelity and professionalism took a backseat. I found out accidently onetime with Mandy that the top of the ass creak, right above the tailbone was a sensitive erogenous zone that gentle strokes drove her wild. Mandy said it felt as pleasurable as stroking her pussy lips around her clit and probably could make her come. I casually let my one finger deftly rub that spot on Claudia as I massaged the top of her cheek.

"What?" Claudia flinched.

I removed my hands. "What? Rubbing above the towel like you said."

"That didn't feel above the towel..."

"It's still where it was. Should I stop?"

"No, just careful where you were rubbing... was sensitive."

I thought to myself, I bet it is and continued hitting the same spot. I don't know how I was rubbing it, but was surprised she didn't say anything.

Claudia didn't flinch again, but after a while she squirmed slightly and her breathing changed. I knew this was seriously getting her hot and bothered. 

"Should I stop?" When she didn't say something, I moved lower, pushing the towel off and exposing that perfect ass. I continued with a proper massage of her hips and ass-cheeks, which I could feel must have been sore and causing her discomfort. She did flinch at first, but relaxed soon after.

"Feels so much better..." purred Claudia, "That's right where I need it..."

"What were you doing in the car when it crashed?" I asked as I cupped her cheeks, giving me a view of her now exposed asshole and pussy. Looked like she had a full wax and her hole was puckered. Probably from a stick up her ass. 

"Sitting...I was the passenger."

"Not to be enflamed where you are..." My hands slid down her ass and between her legs, so close to her pussy that I could feel the heat and not touch it. "I think you were fooling around... with someone not your husband and that's why it's hush-hush."

"Your fingers are very close to being very intimate..." Claudia said flatly.

"Should I stop?"

"I got drunk and fucked my principal. I was riding him as he drove and we went off the road and crashed his car. That was the first time I ever cheated."

"First, not only time?" My pinkie finger slid up and right in her, she was so wet. As I pulled it out Claudia let out a moan. "Roll on your back and I'll finish..."

"Brian, are you going to fuck me?" said Claudia with a tone that I thought sounded a bit like fear. Did she think I was assaulting her?

"Anything that's happened, I've asked if you want me to stop and I will..."

She propped herself on an elbow to turn and look at me, exposing a small perky breast and dark swollen nipple that was almost the size of her small areola. "No, not that. I mean are you really going fuck me or is this some trick to get my all aroused and walk out."

"I wouldn't stop because of some trick. I probably should because I'm in a serious relationship. I'm sorry... I never should've..."

"Am I sexy enough to turn you on, or is it just touching any women's skin that gets you hard?"

"Claudia?"

She rolled onto her back and I could see both of those perfect small breasts, her chiseled tummy, with a pierced navel, the lower hip tattoo of a butterfly, and the perfectly trimmed black-haired landing strip ending right above her visibly swollen clit. "Please continue... Front of my lower thighs and my upper shoulders could use more."

I decided to enjoy the view, but not cross any more lines. I was a little disappointed Mandy had a family thing that evening until late or I'd give her the fucking of her life. I was so turned on; I was positive there was a wet spot in my sweats from pre-cum. 

I stood behind her head and did her shoulders, which did feel like they needed attention. The view looking down her naked body was incredible, but this was Claudia and not my Mandy. I stopped.

"I should replace the towel..." I said.

"I lied... I never fucked my principal. I tried. Drank some tequila for liquid courage and drove to the school wearing a red slip dress and nothing underneath. The man's like sixty, I was like some dumb kid to him. He turned me down and wasn't going to let me drive home. As he was driving home, I undid my seatbelt and fumbled with his pants to get at his dick, which wasn't erect at all. He went and stopped me again, and that was enough of a distraction for us to crash. 

"He told me to just go and he'd lie to the police about me being there but said to hand in my resignation the next day. Which I did this morning."

"Claudia, what the fuck?"

"He didn't want to fuck me and you don't want to fuck me and Greg doesn't want to fuck me anymore either." She covered her face and cried.

I grabbed the towel and draped it across, covering her breasts and pussy. She held it in place with one arm as the other rubbed her eyes.

"I've jerked off to thinking of you naked more than any other woman in my life. If looks were all that was important, I'd jumped you as soon as I saw you were naked under that towel. But, you are my sister's best friend, we've never gotten along, and I have Mandy..." I nearly said 'and we hate each other's guts.'

Claudia snorted. "And she's quite catch. Big natural breasts, hourglass figure with those hips... Natural blond with a pierced cunt..."

The last bit caught me off-guard. What she said was true, but Mandy's had that piercing for less than a year. There was a chance the two went to the same gym, but Mandy always came home and showered. I never told Mary or any of my friends about it either. 

"That bitch wasn't invited to my wedding because she was with you. I didn't want her there because her and Greg fucked once while we dated."

"Bullshit, he's her uncle."

"He was married to her mom's sister. Guess what ended that marriage? At Mary's wedding, he had to make sure you were 'good enough for his niece.' I warned him to leave you alone or I'd leave him."

I shook my head. "Come on..." Claudia protecting me? 

"I don't hate you... You're the clinging little brother who everyone thinks is the nicest guy on the planet, but undresses me with his eyes every chance he gets. Of course I didn't like you at first. And then we both grew up a bit; I thought Mary would kill me if anything happened between us, so I made sure there was no chance."

"Claudia, you're drunk right now... Just take some time and get dressed. I'll call Mary..."

"Since you were sixteen and filled out, I masturbated to thinking of you more than any other guy..."

I left the room and texted my sister back: "Claudia is here now acting weird; you need to come get her."

The reply came right away: "It's okay. Tell I said she needs to show you. Sorry."

The door opened behind me and Claudia walked out, still naked carrying her clothes under her arm and walked into the bedroom where my and Mandy's bed was.

I followed her and she was sitting up on the bed. "Claudia, you need to get dressed and go... What's going on?" 

"I didn't come here for a massage... just for a massage. I wanted you to want to fuck me because I turned you on. Played coy and hoped you'd be turned on because of how you used to look at me. Because of me and not her. I haven't had sex with anything over than my fingers and vibrator for over eight months..."

"Mary said 'its okay' and you need to show me? What the fuck is going on?"

Claudia sighed and grabbed her phone out of her pocket and leaned back on the pillow. "When we talked today, Mary made me feel like such an idiot, not intentionally of course. She did her best to soften the blow as much as possible. Mary would never have had a problem with us being together - other than kicking the ass if either broke the others heart..."

"Right, you've been a bitch to me our entire lives, so we didn't accidentally end up together..."

"Mandy is fucking my husband."

I nodded. "Yeah, I figured that's where this was heading. I have a hard time believing that happened before, but could be possible. No way it's happened since..."

"I mean literally as I lie here talking to you, Mandy is at my house fucking my husband in my bed. Or should I say separated husband."

As much as I didn't want to believe her, I started thinking about the last months. Was there a sign? There was no change in our sex life; it was the same since we moved in together. 

"I found pictures on Greg's phone two days ago. He never denied it, but flipped out that I was snooping into his personal matters and kicked me out my house. We have a pre-nup, even if he cheated, I hardly get anything. He sent a last picture right before Mary dropped me over here. Look..."

I took the phone from her hand and there was my Mandy looking up at the phone with a cock in her mouth sent an hour ago to Claudia's phone. The caption read, "Enjoy your evening. I am."

"Go into my picture folder for the rest."

As I went into the folder, Claudia reached into my sweats and briefs and cupped my now flaccid cock, lightly teasing the tip, which was still wet from getting turned on before. 

There were pictures from the point of view of the guy as before getting sucked off, fingering my girlfriend's pussy, and fucking both her pussy and asshole. There was no doubt that was Mandy in all the pictures, as I'm sure Claudia knew it was her husband. I felt sick to my stomach. However, Claudia's touch was starting to get me erect and she began lightly stroking me.

"I wasn't going to show you... I knew it would hurt you," Claudia said softly, "You hate me like you thought I hated you... and were so nice to me... Could've hurt me if you wanted to, but was so gentle rubbing me and made me feel so good..."

I was fully erect as she continued stroking me. Mandy was a jump to the chase kind of girl; I hadn't had another hand other than my own stroking my cock for a long time.

"You were turning me on so much, and then touched me in that spot... and made me come... without touching my pussy or tiny titties... I still can't believe you did that."

She pulled my sweats down freeing my seven inches. I reached and touched her short black hair that she had in a pixie cut as long as I could remember.

"You came?"

"You couldn't tell when you slid that finger in me...dripping wet from coming just from your touch. We don't have to fuck, but let me make you come at least. On her bed." She opened her mouth and I felt her breath on the head of my cock.

I said "Wait..." Claudia, with my cock in her hand looked up with a disappointed face. I messed with her phone that was still in my hand.

"You're taking a picture of this?" Claudia gave me a look.

"A video to send to both of them... Hold on... now."

Claudia looked up and gave a big white tooth grin before closing her eyes and taking me into her mouth. It felt so good.

I didn't hide my groans of pleasure as I said, "Greg... as you can see Claudia isn't going to be missing your old stubby dick any time soon. Mandy, now I know why you never accept my proposal, and I'm moving on. We're through and I'm about to fuck the woman with the hottest body on the planet. Fuck... she sucks so much better than you. In fact, sometime I picture it's her not you while we fuck when I want to come fast. Bye..."

Claudia opened her eyes and sighed with my cock in her throat and it felt amazing. She worked me with both her hands and mouth and with the pent up arousal from before I was close.

"I'm close..."

Claudia stopped for a moment. "It's okay, I'll swallow. Just need some more wine after."

"No, wait..." 

Claudia smirked and looked so sexy. Stupid thing was it wasn't that much different from her bitch face. Had it all been in my head all these years? "What do you want? To cum on my tits?"
