 "Bitch!" Brian murmured under his breath, referring to his supervisor at MegaElectronics as he left work. He ran into Eric, a co-worker and former high school classmate in the parking lot.

"What's the matter with you?" Eric asked.

"It's Candice. She's such a fucking cunt," Brian replied.

"Well, I have to say I'm glad I don't work in her department. She can be very blunt to say the least. Still, I'd do her," Eric said with a grin.

"You'd do anything with tits and a pussy," Brian retorted. Still, he knew Eric wasn't completely wrong about Candice. With a more pleasant personality Brian probably would have found her attractive. 

"I have my standards, but Candice has a bitching body. I love those half-Asian girls like her. She's skinny, but actually has an ass and a nice rack, unlike most Asian chicks."

"You sound like a horny teenager when you talk about women that way," Brian responded.

"All I'm saying is you'd have to be gay to not want to hit that. Come on dude, you know you'd love to fuck her hard. Take out some of that frustration? Probably would mellow her out too," Eric joked. When Brian didn't laugh or even smile he changed his tactics. "So what did she do now?"

"Nothing specific. She just gives me all this shit, she's really hard on me."

"Well, it makes sense that she'd expect more out of you than the high school kids," Eric answered.

"I suppose. But it's like she has to prove her superiority all the time. It's not my fault I'm doing something with my life by going to college while she's a full-timer stuck in this hell hole."

"Careful there buddy, some of us full-timers do plan on going to college eventually," Eric said.

"I know. I just wish she'd be less caustic," Brian said.

"Not sure she knows how. Well, she used to be nice to Paul, this guy who worked in the back room before he dumped her ass," Eric said.

"Probably for being such a bitch," Brian added.

"Hey, so you coming to my party Friday? There will be lots of girls and beer," Eric said enticingly.

"Yeah, I'll be there once I get off work." Brian said goodbye and walked to his car, glad to be away from Candice.

Brian had a relaxing Thursday off, and was happy when he arrived at work Friday to find Candice had the day off and Ted was working. Ted was Brian's other supervisor and the polar opposite of Candice; bright, quiet, nice, but not terribly attractive. He was married to a sweet woman Brian had met twice, and seemed generally happy with his simple life.

Work passed quickly. Brian had forgotten about Eric's invitation, but as he left work he found a voicemail on his cell phone reminding him to come and "bring any hotties you can think of."

Brian couldn't think of any hotties to bring with him. He stopped by his house to change before driving to Eric's place by himself. The party was already in full swing, with a good ratio of girls to guys and decent music playing on the stereo.

Brian didn't see Eric anywhere, so he headed out back to the keg to get a beer. He passed a number of nice looking young women on his way, but most appeared involved in conversation with other guys. With a full cup in hand Brian headed back inside to scope the scene more completely and see if he recognized anyone.

Eventually he spied a taller girl who appeared to be standing by herself. She was facing away from him, but had a great rear view, with a tight little ass accented by snug low-rise jeans showing off an Asian character tattoo on her lower back. Her dark hair cascaded down her back past her shoulder blades. Her crimson top was backless, showing off her smooth olive-colored skin. Brian hoped her face was as good as her rearview. A moment later he got his chance to find out, as the brunette turned around. Brian's jaw dropped realizing he'd been checking out Candice!

They had made eye-contact for a split second, but Brian hoped his bitchy supervisor hadn't recognized him. Instantly his mood went from upbeat to sour. He strode quickly to the kitchen to put distance between himself and Candice. In the kitchen he bumped into Eric, who was making out with Tonya, an 18-year-old cashier who was still in high school.

"Excuse me," Brian apologized, turning around once again.

"Hey buddy!" Eric exclaimed upon recognizing Brian. "Glad you could make it! You liking the party?" Tonya just smiled silently, pressing her body against Eric.

"It's alright. Did you see who else is here?" Brian asked.

"You mean Candy?" Tonya piped up. "She gave me a ride. Isn't that awesome? She's the best!"

Brian looked at the nubile teen as if she had two heads. "Um, Sure." He turned to Eric and said, "Hey man, I think I'm going to head out when I finish this beer. Thanks for the invite."

Eric started to protest, but Tonya pulled his face towards her for another kiss, so Eric simply waved to Brian and stuck his tongue back down the high school girl's throat.

Brian finished his drink and headed for the door, hoping to avoid an awkward run in with Candice. Unfortunately, she intercepted him on his way to the door.

"Hey," she said, surprising Brian with the neutrality of her tone.

"What's up?" he asked cautiously.

"Not a lot. You just get here?" Candice asked.

It was by far the most civil exchange of words Brian had ever had with her. "Yeah. I'm thinking of heading out though."

"Oh yeah?" Candice's face actually showed disappointment. "I guess it's an ok party. But it seems like everyone knows people here, and Tonya started swapping spit with Eric almost right when we got here."

"Are you her ride home?" Brian asked, trying to figure out a way to end the conversation.

"Yeah, but I think she might be spending the night. You going to head to another party or something?"

"Maybe just home," Brian said, confused at Candice's interest. "I worked today, kinda tired you know."

"Oh. Hey… so I wanted to talk to you about something." When Brian cringed she quickly added, "It's NOT work related! Personal stuff. Can we go someplace quieter?"

"I suppose." Brian figured saying no would piss her off and only make working with her worse.

He followed her down a hall to the house's bedrooms. Candice found an empty one and turned on the light, sitting down on the edge of the bed.

"So… what's on your mind?" Brian asked, standing halfway between the bed and the door. Suddenly the door opened and a couple stumbled in, in the midst of groping each other.

"Excuse me! Occupied?" Candice spat, her bitchy side showing clearly once more. The guy mumbled an apology and the couple quickly exited. Candice got up and locked the door before sitting back down on the bed.

"You don't have to stand twenty feet away. I'm not going to bite," she said with a mix of hostility and a hint of rejection in her voice. Brian reluctantly sat on the bed, a couple feet from Candice.

"You don't have a girlfriend right?" Candice asked him.

"Er… no. Why?" Brian wondered who she was trying to set him up with.

"That's what Tonya thought. So you're a guy. Tell me, am I unattractive?"

At first Brian thought she was kidding. Yet looking at her, he saw genuine vulnerability in her face. He didn't see his unpleasant supervisor sitting next to him, rather a young woman asking for honest input.

"Why are you asking me?" Brian asked.

"I don't know. You're here, you're usually pretty upfront and honest, you're a smart guy who doesn't drool over plastic bimbos," Candice rambled.

"Well, physically I'd say you're very nice looking. A lot of guys might call you 'hot'," Brian answered honestly.

"So why is it so hard for me to find a nice guy? Ever since Paul dumped me it's been awful!" Candice exclaimed. Brian realized she probably wasn't completely sober.

"It can be hard to find someone."

"No, it's something about me," Candice stated. "I intimidate guys I think."

"That's possible. You can be very… direct," Brian answered.

Candice paused. "I overcompensate okay? I don't want people to see me as what I really am. I'm twenty one years old, I don't know what I'm doing with my life, and I manage mostly children at a fucking electronics store. You're the only one of my employees I can count on!"

"I thought you hated me."

"Please. You're the college boy. Isn't this practically a textbook psychology case? You intimidate me. And…"

"And what?" Brian asked, curious.

"And … God I shouldn't say this… I'm attracted to you."

Brian was really shocked now. "I'm not sure what to say."

"I know, I know, you don't think of me that way, blah blah blah. Damn it, why did I even bring this up?" Candice lamented.

"No, it's just a lot to handle all at once. You're bitchy to me because you're attracted and threatened by me?"

Tears swelled in Candice's eyes. "Bitchy? I'm bitchy?"

Brian didn't have the heart to say yes, but was too honest to change his statement.

"Fuck!" Candice exclaimed, throwing her face into her hands.

"Hey, it's ok. I'm probably the only one that thinks that. Tonya really likes you. And I'm probably just being sensitive or something," Brian said, trying to be comforting.

"No. I'm a bitch. I hurt people before they can hurt me."

Despite his best inclinations, Brian found himself consoling Candice by rubbing his hand against her bare back soothingly.

Suddenly, Candice was kissing him. It was passionate, hard, and demanding. Brian couldn't ignore the tears from her cheeks rubbing against his face.

"Whoa, slow down. This is all really fast for me," Brian said, breaking her kiss.

"Great, now I'm a bitch and a slut!" Candice bemoaned.

"No, not at all. I'm just… so you really like me?" Brian asked.

"Yeah. You're smart, you're cute. You put up with my shit at work, but you get in a few barbs of your own now and then too," Candice replied.

Brian had always felt he was on the receiving end, but when he considered her statement he realized that he often did have a smartass reply for Candice's unreasonable behavior. "So what, you want to make out?" Brian asked.

"God that's romantic," Candice replied sarcastically. "But yes. For starters. If you want to?"

Brian's hormones overrode his brain. "Ok. But I don't want this to affect work. I don't want special treatment. Everything that happens tonight is totally separate." Internally Brian began seeing her not so much as his bitchy supervisor Candice, but as 'Candy' the hot girl he met at a party, as Tonya referred to her.

"That sounds smart," Candy replied.

"Ok, so what now?" Brian asked.

"I'm not your supervisor here," Candy reminded him. "You be the man and take charge."

Brian took her suggestion to heart, taking her face in his hands and placing his lips against her mouth in a tender kiss.

"Mmmm that's nice. Now we're getting somewhere," Candy remarked. Brian and Candy laid on the bed side by side, their mouths and bodies pressed together and hands exploring each other.

"You're really curvy for an Asian girl," Brian teased, running his hand across Candy's hip.

"Well I'm half Korean and half Scottish. My dad's like 6'4" and huge, and the women in his family tend to be tall and curvy. My mom is a short little thing, but for being so tiny she's got rather big boobs herself."

"I'm sure they make quite a couple."

"Yeah, there's a huge contrast between them," Candy agreed.

"He must crush her when they have sex!" Brian joked.

Candy made a face. "Just between you and me… the walls in our house are pretty thin. Unfortunately I know my mom is pretty loud in bed. Obviously she likes something my Dad does to her."

Brian laughed. "Ok, let's not worry about your mom and dad and focus on us." He resumed kissing her. Brian's hand slid up and cupped her breast through her thin blouse, causing her to gasp. He brushed his finger against the nipple, trailing kisses down her neck.

"Ok, either I'm really horny, you're really good, or both!" Candy exclaimed.

"Let's say both," Brian smirked and resumed his gentle nibbling on Candy's bare skin. Her hands ran across his back, feeling his muscles through his shirt.

Brian ground his cock hard against her pussy through their jeans. Candy groaned once more, her hands grabbing Brian's ass and pulling him down tightly against her.

"Can you take this off?" Candy asked about Brian's shirt, in a tone far more submissive than he'd ever heard her use at work.

"I'll trade it for your top," Brian said.

"That's hardly fair. For one I'm sure mine was more expensive. And secondly you don't have boobs."

"Well, you can have yours back later," Brian said, continuing the little game. "And it's not my fault you women choose to cover your lovely mammaries all the time."

"Next time I'm wearing a bra," Candy mumbled, squirming and peeling her thin top from her lithe body. Brian quickly shed his own shirt, and the two co-workers took a moment to soak in the sight of each other topless.

"Nice," Candy mumbled.

"I was thinking the same thing," Brian said, lowering his mouth to take one of her light brown nipples between his lips. He sucked on it gently, batting it with his tongue. As Candy squirmed, he kissed across her breast and sternum to give the other nipple the same attention.

"God, you're driving me crazy!" Candy cooed. "It's been too fucking long since I've made out with someone!"

"That's also not my fault," Brian joked, and the couple resumed kissing each other.

Brian broke their kisses once more. "You know, I just realized something," he said.

"What's that?" Candy asked.

"That no one looks good in a MegaElectronics uniform. I mean, I had no idea you had such a sexy body hiding under there," Brian stated.

Candy giggled. "Yeah, well girls don't really look good in khakis and a polo shirt. I'm glad you prefer my current state of dress."

"Oh, I definitely do," Brian agreed lustfully. He used his mouth to show her just how much he liked her breasts.

Once again taking charge, Brian rolled onto his back, taking Candy with him so she ended up straddling him. He squeezed her ass through her jeans as she continued their dry humping, running her tongue across his upper chest and roaming her hands all over his body. She then slid down his legs a foot and her hand drifted down to the bulge between his legs.

"Holy shit!" Candy exclaimed as she felt Brian's erection through his pants. She quickly unzipped his jeans and fished his cock out of his boxers. "You're fucking huge!" she exclaimed, looking up at him. "Damn, boy, if I'd known you were carrying two pounds of cock around in your pants I probably would have sucked you off in the bathroom at work long ago."

"You like big dicks?" Brian asked, amused.

"Let's put it this way; Paul was the biggest I'd had, and he could do things to me that no guy had even come close to. And you've got him beat by a fair amount, especially in thickness," Candy stated, wrapping her hand around his shaft to gauge its girth.


"What about 'size doesn't matter' or 'it's how you use it'?" Paul teased.

"Fuck that. I'm a bigger girl; I need a nice sized cock. I say it's like creating a masterpiece; you might be able to pull something off with crayons and cardboard paper, but you really need the right brushes and paint to really create something special. It's the right tool in the right hands that creates the best work"

"That's a very scholarly analogy for a non-college girl," he mused.

"I have plenty of tricks up my sleeve." Candy opened her mouth and swallowed half of Brian's cock.

It was Brian's turn to exclaim "Holy shit!" as his supervisor took his cock into her pretty mouth. With full cheeks she looked up at him, eager for his approval. It was a nice change of pace for Brian.

"God that feels good," he moaned to encourage her, and was rewarded with faster, firmer sucking. He kept his eyes wide open, marveling as his dick disappeared in the mouth of the woman who up until an hour ago he hated as much as any person on the planet.


Candy released his cock from her mouth and took a deep breath. She placed her lips back around his hard thick shaft. Without warning nor hesitation, she pushed her mouth forward fast and hard. Brian felt his cockhead push past her mouth into her throat. Brian looked down in amazement to see Candy was deep throating his long cock.

"Oh god!" he exclaimed. "I've never had a girl do that before to me."

"Seems like I could show college girls a thing or two," Candy remarked with a confident smile after releasing his cock. "When I was thirteen I discovered I didn't have a gag reflex. At sixteen I discovered why this can be very useful. Still, I was worried I couldn't take all of you, but I guess we found out I can." Candy didn't waste any time putting her mouth back on Brian and swallowing his entire shaft back down her throat.

The entire situation was a bit surreal to Brian. He almost felt he had to be dreaming. "Candice" would never actually be on all fours in front of him, her nose buried in his trimmed pubic hair. He grabbed her hair and held it tightly to reaffirm that the situation was real and corporeal.

"Hey, you gonna fuck me with this monster or what?" Candy asked a moment later, still grasping his saliva-slick cock fondly.

"First I want to see this body of yours naked," Brian said.

"I can live with that," Candy giggled. She stood up and unzipped her low slung jeans, sliding them down her hips. Her panties were tiny and pink, extremely feminine.

"Cute," Brian observed. He hooked his fingers in the waistband and yanked down her underwear, exposing his supervisor totally bare to his gaze for the first time.

Candy's dark pubic hair was sparse and somewhat trimmed. As she freed her legs from her clothing, Brian grabbed her hips possessively. Candy's hand latched back onto his cock almost instinctively.

The couple's mouths found each other once more, their bodies rubbing against each other hungrily. Brian's fingers found their way between Candy's thighs and brushed against her pussy lips. He maneuvered her onto her back and began stimulating her pussy in earnest, his mouth reattaching to her nipple.

"God… I should have asked this earlier… you've got a condom right?" Candy gasped.

"It's your lucky day. I never come to a party unprepared," Brian said with a smile before resuming bathing her nipple with his tongue. Brian's fingers expertly coaxed her wetness out from deep within her, coating his fingers and gradually spreading it across her pussy entrance, preparing her for him.

"Go get the rubber now!" Candy demanded. Brian sprung up and dug into his jeans pocket. Candy's eyes were glued on his bobbing erection, although she did notice his cute ass too.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Brian asked seriously when he had unrolled the contents of the foil packet. "I mean, do you think things could get weird?"

"I'm definitely getting fucked by SOMEONE tonight, hopefully you," was all Candy replied.

Brian wasn't about to say no. Candy looked amazing, lying on the bed, her legs slightly spread, hair cascading across the pillow. It was easy to forget about how they'd deal with the night's activities at work.

He took her gently at first, slowly sliding his thickness into her and giving her time to adjust properly. She moaned softly, closing her eyes tightly, lost in the sensation of being penetrated.

"More?" he asked, and she nodded enthusiastically without opening her eyes. He pushed deeper into her, feeling his cock spread open her tight pussy. This time he moaned, it had been a few weeks since he'd been inside something so nice.

Candy opened her eyes and looked between her legs, as if to see if he was all the way inside her yet. With a smug chuckle Brian pushed the last inch into her, pressing his pubic bone against her clit and hearing a gasp.

"It's an awful lot to handle. Go slow, ok?" Candy requested submissively.
