 She watched him as he walked into the donut shop. His smile was infectious, she couldn't help but smile back and secretly envisioned him without his clothes on. What delightful, delicious, and delectable treasures were hidden beneath the clothing he had on. She would find out soon enough.

Jasmine ordered a green tea for herself and Quinn ordered a coffee. She watched him interact and flirt with the waitress. She felt a little twinge of jealousy at the way he openly flirted with the waitress in front of her, but shrugged it off immediately. After all, he was with her and she knew exactly where they were going after their coffee.

The journey to the motel took just minutes, but Jasmine had wanted to touch him from the moment she climbed into his car. She remembered their first kiss, at his store; it was hungry, exciting and passionate, a taste of what was to come. 

She knew that this time would be no different, the hunger was there, and she'd seen the desire for her in his eyes. He had expressive eyes, very deep brown and very sexy. She knew they might hold some very dark secret desires! How could they not! His very presence make her senses reel, she wanted him!

Moments later, they were at the motel. Jasmine slowly began to undress him but before she could finish, he pulled her close for a passionate embrace sliding his tongue into her mouth, probing, and pushing. She responded with her own passion, not wanting to end the kiss. She moaned with desire, but held back; there was plenty of time. She was already wet, she could feel her pussy tingling, and she knew that throbbing sensation very well!

Finally breaking away from the kiss, Quinn suggested that he should take a shower to freshen up, and Jasmine with a twinkle in her eye, immediately said "why don't I join you." Quinn agreed and waited for her to remove her clothing. 

As Jasmine stripped before him, she would tell he was horny; his cock was hard and his eyes hungrily roamed over her naked body. She climbed into the hot shower and he immediately pushed her up against the shower wall and kissed her soft, wet lips.

She could feel his cock pressed up against her thigh as his kiss became more passionate, more demanding. She passionately returned his kiss, moaning ever so softly as their kiss continued. She wanted him to know just how desirable he was and how badly she wanted to be possessed by him.

Quinn then began to make his way from her lips to her huge tits. He cupped her breasts with both hands and began to lick and suck them, running his tongue over the tips, making her nipples hard under his warm tongue. He then squeezed them with his fingers, feeling how firm, yet soft and pliable they were. His cock responded to the image of her huge tits in his mouth and began to throb harder. He wanted her! He wanted to fuck her.

She moaned again with pleasure, pressing herself up closer to his hard manhood, wanting him to possess her totally, to feel his cock slide into her wetness, throbbing, pushing, thrusting and yes, she would take it all!! His fingers then made their way to her pussy. There he would finally find out just how much he turned her on. She was wet and she wanted to be fucked by this gorgeous man. As his fingers continued to rub her clit, he whispered to her that perhaps they should continue this on the bed and Jasmine quickly agreed.

Once on the bed, she told him to lie down because she wanted to see his body completely, from his sexy eyes and wonderful smile, to his broad chest and nice rounded ass and of course his cock. Oh yes, she was going to pay special attention to his cock! Pulling back the foreskin with one hand she began to lick the head, and then slowly move her tongue around the tip and playfully licked and sucked his shaft, taking it fully into her hot, wet mouth. Not knowing how much pressure to apply, she gently brought her teeth into play. Quinn loved it. 

He pumped up and down against the pull of her wet, warm mouth, and then whispered, ever so softly "bite me."

Jasmine was not sure if she heard him correctly and pulled away from his cock and said "Did you say bite you?" 

"Yes, Jasmine, please bite my cock." She had never encountered this before and had no idea what to do or how hard he wanted her to bite him, but proceeded to gently bite down on his cock again and again.

She then engulfed his cock with her mouth, savoring the sensation of it sliding back and forth, in and out of her mouth, as he pumped it, throbbing, hot and hard. She bit down again and he moaned his appreciation and pumped faster, begging her to bite again and again. He loved the sensation of her teeth biting down on his cock. He enjoyed the pleasure and pain that it give him. The pain drove him wild. It made him harder. It made his want to fuck her even more. He wanted to pound her pussy with his cock.

Quinn wanted to cum in her mouth, but she pulled away and said "It's my turn. I want you to lick and suck my pussy and rub my clit." She told Quinn to lie down because she was going to sit on his face and he was to bury his face in her pussy. 

Quinn grabbed her ass with both his hands and hungrily began to lick her clit, and finger her sopping wet cunt at the same time. Jasmine loved it and moaned with pleasure, begging him to continue. She was wet, and loved the way his tongue probed her warm wetness, sliding back and forth against her clit, then finger fucking her. She loved rubbing her wet pussy into his face.

He then slid his tongue into her anus and he began to pay special attention to that area. God, she was in heaven. Finally, a man who enjoyed giving and sharing of all the erotic pleasures of the flesh, an adventurous man, willing to be playful and erotic. She loved how his tongue teased the entrance to her anus. His tongue was hot and wet and continued to lick her anus making her pussy ache. Then he licked her clit again and took his middle finger and plunged it into her anus. Shocked at this sudden intrusion into her virgin ass, she pulled away briefly, but then settled back down onto his face and his finger continued to fuck her ass while his tongue licked her clit. She pushed down harder onto his finger begging him to fuck her ass.

"Fuck me baby, fuck my ass." She moaned as she continued to sit on his face with his finger fully embedded in her ass and his tongue on her clit.

She wanted to be fucked and begged him to do it. He turned her on her back and gave her ass a playful slap, she loved it! Then he fingered her pussy, just to make sure she was ready for his first thrust, and then pushed his throbbing cock into her hot, wet cunt. Grabbing her vibrator, she put it on her clit while he continued to pump into her with his throbbing member. She could tell that Quinn loved the sensation of the vibrator against his cock and balls. His grunts became louder and she moaned in response to his pleasure. She begged him to fuck her, she needed to feel him deep inside, feel his hot body next to hers. She wanted to feel his cum shoot inside her pussy.

As he continued to thrust deeply back and forth, he slapped her ass, once, then again and again. He loved the way her ass jiggled and moved as he fucked her and slapped her ass. He then shoved his thumb into her anus and was delighted with her response.  

She pushed back against his thumb, and he could tell she wanted it bad and he was going to give it to her. She was his slut and she needed to be fucked. He was almost ready, and with one final thrust, his cum squirted deep into her vaginal walls. 

Quinn yelled "Fuck Jasmine, I'm cumming!" 

Knowing that Quinn was on the verge of cumming drove Jasmine wild and just as quickly as he had cum, she too came in one explosive orgasm. She screamed "fuck me harder, shove that hard cock deeper, deeper!"

Quinn pulled away and lay exhausted on the bed. Jasmine too lay exhausted beside him. She knew this was just round one and once he was rested, she was going to bring his cock back to life and now she knew how to do it; with just one bite!