 I’m going to walk you through my latest fantasy...and tell it just how I felt it ..lean back and enjoy one of my personal fantasies....

There I was waiting for him as usual, the man just could never be on time...I didn't care though. I knew why I was there....Opening his front door I let myself in and went strait to the kitchen...I dropped my purse and a small bag there....leaving my keys on the table I walked into the bedroom. It was dark so I turned on the desk lamp. There on the computer was a picture of the two of us ... we had been whispering in each others ears and someone snapped a picture...it was a nice picture...I took it and put it in the draw. 

Kicking off my heels I slid my skirt off my hips, I had on the sheerest stockings underneath, they where nude and matched the color of my skin perfectly...you loved my legs, you loved how I always wore heels to enhance my legs and of course my breasts ....I slid the buttons on the dress shirt undone and used my foot to kick my heels aside. I slid the last button undone and let the white cotton drift off my shoulders to the floor. I kicked the black skirt to the corner and the shirt with it. Looking into the large mirror attached to your dresser I saw my own reflection. I knew I looked like a woman in heat...a woman who needed to be loved tonight. My pussy was bare the pink coral lips showing the slightest glimmer of wetness. I had shaved it clean when I shaved my legs. I knew exactly how you liked my pussy to look for you. Running my fingers down to my thighs I rubbed the tops of the lace softly with my palm...I spread my legs and looked into the mirror, my ample breasts where pushing out of the top of my bra my thighs where flushed from the constant friction. I ran a hand up my lush figure, I knew I wasn't perfect, but I also knew like every woman does with a good lover, that my body drove you nuts. You loved trailing your hands over my lush curves...caressing my large breasts, I slid my hands along my body working my fingers over the softness of my skin, massaging my thighs my hips...stroking my tummy. I licked my finger after sliding it over my now very wet slit. Sucking it into my mouth I moaned. I tasted like something sweet yet the flavor was unknown. It was missing something, I knew I was missing the taste of your cum mixed with my juice. The way I loved to suck your cock into my mouth right after you had thoroughly fucked me. I pulled the cup of my bra down over my nipple, revealing to the mirror my large pink nipple. I cupped the underside of my breast and massaged as I watched the nipple harden in the mirror. MMmmm I moaned and through my head back, I could feel my hair against the back of my thighs tickling the soft skin between stocking and the curve of my ass. I undid the bra slowly and watched my breasts flow freely. Cupping them in my hands they overflowed and I pressed my palms together, offering them to the mirror. Leaning down I licked at each nipple.

I turned around and climbed onto the bed. Sliding one of my long legs along your sheet I felt the smooth stockings rubbing softly against my flesh. I slid my arms under your pillow and pulled your pillow to my face, I could still smell your presence, it turned me on more. Flipping to my back I spread my legs slightly and rubbed my white nails along my slit. I could feel how wet I was as my nail captured the slickness and spread it up and down my slit. I wondered how long it would be, glancing at the bedside I saw the clock. 10:27 PM the red light glowed in the semi darkness. I closed my eyes and rubbed myself softly. It shouldn't be that long.

I woke with a start as I heard the car door slam; my hand buried between my legs was sticky and damp still. I pulled my hand away and slowly licked my fingers clean, there was no need for my hands anymore, you where home. I slid my legs open wider awaiting you as I heard the front door open. Rubbing my breasts in my hands I tugged on the nipples, making sure they where hard and aroused. I heard your foot steps down the hall, you came directly to the bedroom. I wondered if you even knew I was there as I pinched my nipples. My back arched and I closed my eyes as you entered the room. Dropping your keys on the desk you walked in the room, I didn't even open my eyes. I heard your breathing, already it started to quicken. Planting my feet on the bed I spread my legs open, knowing my pink pussy lips had spread open and you could see my clit pouting, my whole slit was dripping wet and I could feel my own juices sliding down my ass. 

I heard the button snap on your pants, I assumed you had on jeans, your zipper rasped through the quiet room as you slid it down; I smiled and pinched my nipples. I moaned and rolled over onto my tummy, pressing my face into the pillow I lifted my ass in the air, wiggling slowly I heard your pants drop to the floor and suddenly there your body was leaning onto the bed, your weight pressed the mattress down. I reached up onto the headboard and held the carved wood of the frame. I could feel the nicks and scratches from the years of use as my palms pressed tightly to the wood. Your hands caressed my lush hips, one of your hands slid up my spine and back down, suddenly there your cock was. Hard and thick, right at my entrance. I could feel your cock pressing at my entrance to my pussy, your shaft always stretched me open so much, the thickness often took time to adjust to. You pushed forward in one thrust and I gasped into your pillow. I realized right then that you where just as ready as I had been for this. 

I screamed softly as you continued to thrust into my wet pussy. Your hands dug into the flesh at my hips s you pumped your thick cock into me, I could feel you so full inside me, your weight pressing deeper and deeper into me. My arms lay tiredly above my head and my face was in the pillows as I thrashed underneath you moaning at every thrust of your cock. My breasts hung underneath me swaying as your pounded deeper still. I could feel the nipples brushing the soft jersey of the sheets. My body was on fire I felt myself starting to cum. I screamed as you slammed into me and stroked my clit at the same time. I Felt the pulse of your cock through my whole body as I exploded and fell limply on the bed. 

Your cock still hard and deep in my pussy you held my hips and pumped me softly as my body shook with pleasure. Your hands ran up and down my stockings caressing my thighs. I felt my pussy juice gushing out of me around your cock onto the sheets. You suddenly pulled your cock out of me. Flipping me onto my back I felt your hands grab my tits, your rough palms pressed into the aching nipples and your fingers plucked at them. My body was lost in the sensations of my orgasm as you leaned between my thighs and licked my slit once as you slid between my legs.

You hooked one of my legs around you and the other lay on the bed as you swiftly pushed your cock into my overflowing pussy. Your cock slammed into the back of my pussy hard and I felt all seven inches of your cock filling me. I wrapped my leg around you tightly my back was arched to give you better access and my head was thrown back in ecstasy. You grabbed my hips and pumped into me, suddenly I felt your body tense, your mouth latched onto my nipple and bit softly as your body thrust deep into me and I felt your whole body shake as your cum shot deep into me. I could feel the hot stickiness of it hitting the walls of me, I wrapped my arms around your neck as u continued to suck on my nipple. Grinding my hips up to you I felt my pussy milking your cock of your cum, It felt wonderful to feel your sticky cum sliding out of me as your cock popped out of me. I felt your cum running down my thighs. You rolled off me and lay back amongst the pillows. Your breathing was heavy as I opened my eyes, I didn't glance at you, I turned over and slid down the bed. I ran my tongue along your cock licking up the sticky substance, cleaning your cock off with my tongue I slipped off the bed and let your soft cock fall from my lips. I reached under the bed for my heels. Setting them strait I slipped them on and walked to the corner of the room. I picked up the skirt and slid one leg at a time into it. I picked up the shirt and slid my arms through the sleeves. I looked out the window as I got dressed. Picking up my bra I walked to the doorway. Stopping at the door I turned and looked at you lying in your bed. I smiled slowly and whispered. "I hope you don’t mind, but I am going to keep this shirt I looked down at the white shirt I was wearing" .. You didn't know it was yours and just looked at me searching for an answer. I slipped down the hall and to the kitchen. I picked up my keys the bag and purse I had left there and started down the stairs to the front door. I could hear you padding down the hall barefoot. I smiled as I slid your key off my key chain, dropping it to the stairs I opened your door and walked out. 

You watched me leave from the top of the stairs, the key gleamed in the moonlight shining through the window. You turned away and walked to your bedroom, sitting at your desk you noticed the picture gone. As you opened the desk you saw it laying there face down, sliding the photo out of the frame you dropped it in the trashcan. Good-byes should never be so bitter sweet you thought as you stared at your bed, knowing you wouldn't sleep there. 

Licking my lips tasting us there, I drove away.

~~~~~~Note from Me~~~~~

I Hope you all enjoyed this latest story...I enjoyed all the feedback I have been receiving...I hope this is what you all asked for, Enjoy as always and keep on cumming back for more. I love feedback so be sure to tell me what you like and what you dont like...if you want a reply to your feedbakc leave me an e-mail addy to contact you at...

~ Sas