 The night was crisp and clear, common for an October. Marcus peered into the still water of the Potomac, a thousand thoughts dancing through his head. He was, at first glance, an average man, 5'7", 170 lbs, brown hair and eyes, a standard profile of 80 percent of American men. At 35 he was looking to experience life, not just take it as it comes. 

A slight breeze snapped him from his thoughts and he looked at his watch. The dial read 7:15. Marcus glanced around the court, but all he could see was the decorative stonewall separating him from the ice-cold water of the Potomac. 

A few minutes had passed, and Marcus detected a distinct clicking coming from the street. Straining to see, he noticed a young woman in 3 inch black heels coming down the stairs towards him. She was taller than he thought, especially in heels. Long brown hair, brown eyes, and very toned in a black skirt and stockings. 

"Chloe?" Marcus called.

"Marcus?" She replied.

"My god, you are beautiful," He said as his eyes feasted on every inch of her. 

"You don't need to sound so surprised" she said coyly and thought you aren't so bad yourself.

"I'm sorry," he said solemnly 

An uncomfortable silence ensued. Minutes passed then Chloe was the first to break the tension. 

"I hope the trip wasn't too long." She said as her hair wisped in the gentle breeze. 

"Not really." he said taking her hand in his, feeling the electricity through her soft tender skin.

Slowly, they strolled down by the water and talked for an hour on little things, how their families were, and how day-to-day tasks were endless, and how hard it was really getting to know someone. Smiles and laughter emerged frequently as the tension was released into the cool October air. Little by little the couple learned and took comfort in each other in the real world. Yes, they explored life and fantasies within the safety of the computer, but down deep knowing they each needed something more substantial. 

A brisk breeze stirred and Chloe felt a chill. As Marcus turned to comfort her with his jacket their gazes met and life was instantly still. Time crawled as thoughts raced trough his head. Taking a chance, Marcus stepped forward and embraced Chloe with a soft, tender, sensual kiss. Her lips tasted so sweet and heir tongues danced as she eagerly kissed him back. 

The heat between them grew as Marcus gently kissed down her chin and to the base of her neck. A soft groan escaped from Chloe's lips as the heat of his kiss pierced right to her core. She felt the arousal deep inside her start to surface with each touch of his soft tender lips. 

They were close enough to the street to hear the occasional voice, or car, but neither of them noticed anything but the raw heat and passion of the moment. Not until Chloe stopped Marcus cold.

"Wait," Chloe said and cursing herself for ending the passionate moment "We need to get something to eat sweetie." She did not want to be consumed simply by the ferocity of the passion that ignited inside her, at least not yet.

For months they exchanged thoughts, emotions and fantasies, but now with him standing right here she needed to know if the heat of the moment was as intense for him. Was this going to be a one-time thing or will it be something more substantial. At that moment she didn't care. He consumed her and as she was trying to make sense of it, Marcus spoke.

"The restaurant is only 2 blocks away." Marcus said holding her hand and guiding her to the street. He was swept away by her beauty and how she held him as he kissed her. He yearned for that touch for so long, and couldn't let the raw pleasure of her touch become overwhelming. He tried to push what had just happened to the back of his mind, as they walked to the café.

They arrived at the cafe just after 9. The hostess immediately sat them in a horseshoe booth just out of the way next to a crystal clear window that transformed DC into a beautiful serene wonderland. It wasn't long before the server arrived at the table. Dinner and wine were mere distractions even though they both were starving. The couple chatted about life, the beauty of the night, and each other, but underlying both lovers couldn't deny the desire they held for one another. Marcus made her laugh and then fell into her eyes yet again and felt as if her were staring. He took her hand under the table as she laid it on her lap. 

Chloe felt a shiver flow through her as his hand rested on her lap. She wanted him to take her right there. To tear the clothes from her body and ravish her, despite the fact everyone in the cafe would see. She could hardly breathe as she removed her hand from his to grasp the glass of wine

Just as the moment could have flared again the server came with the food. The aroma was fantastic. She enjoyed the linguine in a mushroom cream sauce while never forgetting his hand was on her thigh. She giggled to herself as she thought, How can he eat with just his left hand, Smiling, maybe he is ambidextrous. 

The time seemed to flash by in and instant as dessert and coffee came. A wonderful chocolate cake with strawberry glaze overloaded her senses when she suddenly felt his hand move down her thigh as if to disappear. Chloe reacted instantly almost instinctively and placed her hand on top of his. She gently guided his hand back to its original placement where she couldn't tell in his face if he was surprised, excited or both. She left his warm hand there for a few moments as they both smiled and went on with the conversation. But then a daring thought, and now it was her turn to see his reaction when she takes control. Slowly and gently, Chloe guided his hand up and down her thigh, from the top of her knee to the edge of her skirt.

Marcus smiled as his heart pounded. With each slow deliberate stroke he could feel what she wanted, and he moved his hand to accommodate her. He felt her stocking and the garter clasps and snickered as he stroked her leg again. She remembered the thought, as hand proceeded up he leg once again. Marcus's excitement was not only emotionally evident but physically as well. He was taken completely off guard at the next moment as she placed her hand on his thigh and started caressing it in turn. He saw her smile, and he immediately knew she felt how excited he was. She never flinched and never deterred from the conversation.

"I thought so," she thought as she smiled "calm cool collected on the outside but virtually exploding on the inside." She enjoyed being in control, as well as being overtaken, but right now she will be calling the shots and pushing the envelope. "Let's see where we can go from here"...

With each slow intentional movement on his thigh she felt him get more and more tense. It reminded her of her best friends wedding, a few months prior, where she was blindfolded to receive the garter. The moment excited her to no end, for she was sure the one who was placing the garter would notice. It was so arousing the thought of someone she never met had almost total control of her. Even now she could feel herself getting more and more aroused just by the thought.

She quickly regained her thoughts to the current situation. His hand was so inviting, caressing her, as she caressed him. Let's see if he can take a subtle hint She thought while grinning at the story he was telling. She slowly moved her hand in longer strokes, going ever so slightly higher with each pass. It only took two passes for Marcus to realize what she was doing. 

Did she want me to follow or is she just teasing? He thought. God I hope this is what she is asking! Knowing full well he could kill the mood and possibly the night if he was incorrect. He took the chance and matched each move to hers. 

A slight smile escaped, but her composure returned almost as quick. His warm inviting hand was now at the bottom of her skirt, which was now starting to ride up. As effortless as a blink, she leaned, re crossed her legs, and the skirt gently slid completely up her thigh. She removed her hand from his muscular leg and returned it to her lap, not without brushing against him to see how excited he still was. An instant rush of pleasure flew through her when she felt him twitch. This gave him the ok to keep caressing her just as he was doing. 

The thought of being in control like this was almost too much for her to handle. She was so excited that just getting through the night would be a challenge. Her thoughts drifted to a cold shower, but she needed to release her pent up desire, so maybe a hot bath. 

As soon as the thought entered her head it was forced out by the feeling of extreme pleasure. This time she couldn't be so coy about it. The gasp she let out was slight but quite audible. When she realized what happened she looked longingly into Marcus' eyes and he knew instantly what happened. His little finger, as she had so wanted just moments before, touched her so slightly but there was no doubt he felt exactly how aroused she was. 

Marcus heard the gasp and immediately removed his hand. He knew he had taken it too far. Even though it turned him on to hear and feel how aroused Chloe was, the fear of loosing what he had was quite evident. Marcus apologized, quickly paid the bill and guided her to the door. 

They walked outside quietly, neither one wanting to discuss what just happened. The air was a bit colder than before, but still as serene and beautiful. Walking for what seemed an eternity without speaking, he once again apologized. As Chloe quickly turned to face him she felt her ankle give way. She didn't notice a raised crack in the sidewalk causing her heel to twist on the uneven ground. In an instant she was falling towards the cold sidewalk, but almost instinctively Marcus caught her in midair and brought them face-to-face. As a few endless seconds passed they caught each other's eyes, and she tried to catch her breath.

Marcus slowly closed the distance and placed his wanting lips on hers. The fire raced through each of them, as she let out a pleasurable moan. He could barely feel his hands as he firmly held her and she eagerly kissed him back. 

The kiss was so intense and unexpected Chloe could barely contain who she was. She held him so tight she could feel both their hearts pounding in unison. Marcus slowly backed up and raised her to her feet. 

She wasn't sure if it was the fall or the kiss that made her footing unsteady but she held onto him for a few minutes more. When her head cleared she finally spoke.

"You don't need to apologize," she said looking into his deep dark eyes" it was just unexpected at that moment". 

"I'm sorry my sweet." Marcus said softly "You misunderstood me, I didn't apologize for the incident, After all we were both dancing were we not?"

"So why did you apologize?" She asked,

"I am sorry for the embarrassment you experienced. Embarrassment only puts limitations on us and pleasure should not be embarrassing. That doesn't help anyone, so for that I am sorry." Marcus explained, as he looked deeply into those tranquil eyes. 

"So where do we go from here". She asked softly

"Well I have a feeling you were not scarred too badly" he said as he held her close. 

"You know me so well" she thought smiling, "but how can you be sure?" She asked while producing a sly smile

"Well." He said, "We can...."

"Enough talk" she said and grabbed him by the shirt and pushed him to the wall of a stone-faced town home. She heard the air escape form his chest as he impacted the stone. She reached up and kissed him deeply. Her raw passion finally unleashed, she barely could control herself. She wanted him so bad, she wanted to rip the clothing from both of them and have Marcus ravish her right there, not 10 feet from the street. 

God, she tastes so wonderful, he thought as he kissed her back so deeply she moaned with delight. He wanted this so much. He felt as if he would pass out, his head spinning with desire, and in one swift movement as if he had done this a hundred times before, spun her around and put her hands above her head, now her back was against the wall.

Chloe could feel the heat off his body as well as his wonderful breath against her neck, which seemed to increase in temperature every time he exhaled. She was so worked up; fighting what was coming was not an option. Just as the thought had passed Marcus put his lips to hers to taste her yet again. Another powerful and dizzying kiss, that left her gasping, took her by surprise. Marcus slowly softly kissed back down to the base of her neckline. Chloe's breathing matched each kiss with a distinct exhale every time his lips connected with her soft tingling skin.

Marcus was now moving across her neck she could almost feel her skin getting hotter, as he moved graciously down, and started to follow the collar of her blouse. Chloe felt her breathing increase yet again when he opened the first button then the next, slowly but deliberately. She couldn't keep quiet anymore. 

Chloe remembered telling him that she wasn't a quiet lover, and it seemed to excite him at the time, but here it didn't matter, she couldn't keep quiet if she wanted to. She was way past that point of worrying if someone would hear them.

Her breathing was strong and her chest heaved at each passionate touch of his warm mouth. As his tongue danced at the top of her cleavage between her breasts, her chest responded by heaving forward. Marcus reached around her back with his free hand and released the clasp on her bra with ninja like precision. Her breasts free from their restraint made Chloe giggle through a deep pleasured breath. 

Marcus could barely control himself. He had to restrain the urge to rip her blouse open. As he kissed up and down her cleavage her body responded with every kiss every passionate thing he was doing to her. His hands, restraining hers, seemed to heighten her arousal, even as he moved closer to her breasts.

God, if he goes much further I'm going to go, she thought as he continued his endless pursuit of pleasing her. She clenched her teeth as his tongue circling her breast slowly teasing more and more with each concentric circle. Closer and closer, his breath could be felt on her nipple and it drove her insane. Just when Chloe thought she couldn't take anymore she felt his free hand on her knee. Marcus moved his hand up, using the tips of his fingers, scratched the inside of her thigh. When he was halfway up his moist wet lips engulfed the waiting erect nipple. Chloe lost control of herself at the intense pleasure letting out a scream of "OH GOD YES!" 

Marcus released his binding grip on Chloe's wrists. Grabbing his shoulders, digging her nails so deep, she thought she might hurt him. 

His tongue danced on the tip if her tender breast and with each flick he could feel her body quiver. He enjoyed this probably more than he should have but it had been so long since a woman responded so intently to his advances, and he was going to savor every moment. 

Marcus finally released her for a moment from the rush of passion so that she was able to look directly and intensely into his eyes. 

"Take me please!" she begged and slightly panting "Ravage me, take me, fu... Oh god yes!" The light accented her beautiful nearly naked body in such a way that, if there had been anyone on the street, there would have been an audience. She yanked up her skirt to where it could now be considered a belt, still begging him to ravish her.

Marcus's knelt down and his soft kisses, so incredibly hot compared to the chill in the air, were mind blowing. He slowly kissed her thighs as she slowly separated her legs even further. He was impressed with her strength and flexibility in three-inch heels. She was so beautiful, and smelled so sweet, her legs so incredibly hot. He stared at the beauty of what made her a woman and was fascinated on how completely aroused she was. Slowly he kissed closer and closer. The closer he came, the more she responded to his eager touch. Her legs shook in anticipation. So much so that she grabbed him by the hair and threw her leg over his shoulder. Without flinching he grabbed her tight behind and pulled her to him. 

He kissed her smooth skin, closer and closer to the moist sensitive area, and slowly with just the heat of his breath blew to see her reaction. Chloe's response was instantaneous by grabbing his hair and trying to pull him into her. 

Not quite yet, he thought as he bound her hands once again, holding them close to her fully exposed behind. He blew a little harder when a moan came from deep inside her.

She needed to scream, say "give it to me NOW!" Or beg him to release her from this pent up passion. After a few hot slow long breaths he kissed the left and right of her beautiful vagina. Marcus could not believe how wet she was and how she reacted with each kiss. He could not remember making someone this aroused. Two more kisses and another moan. He looked up at her beautiful flushed face looking down at him, flattened out his soft hot tongue, and placed it in her erect most sensitive tip. Just as he hoped she gasped, then held her breath, for what seemed an eternity.

Chloe tried to slowly let it out but Marcus's tongue retracted to the same pace as her breath keeping it in full contact with her. When her lungs were empty, Marcus curled his tongue and flicked it against her. Chloe screamed out in delight. This time she couldn't hold anything back as her body took over, and she was helpless against it. Deep within her she felt it was building like a volcano. Her breaths were no longer held and no longer quiet every quickening breath released a moan or gasp of pleasure. Still timing his tongue with each breath, with each gasp, quicker and stronger he could feel she was close. She tried to fight against it but it was too late, taking a final full breath and holding it, her back arched and gripping his hands so hard she swore she would draw blood. 

As Marcus felt her peaking he wrapped his mouth around her, removed all the air and like a butterfly tickled only the very tip. 

It took only a millisecond and Chloe let out a long scream with reverberating tones. Her body in uncontrollable spasms she let out a scream with each flash of pure unadulterated ecstasy. As her orgasm faded, Chloe loosened her grip as Marcus slowed his actions and softened his tongue again to slowly let her recover. 

Marcus loved the taste of her, so sweet and intoxicating. He engulfed himself and could have stayed there for days just reveling in her essence. As Chloe finished Marcus sensed she feeling a bit unsteady so he removed her leg from his shoulder and helped her stand. He could not believe that she was standing on one leg for that amazing orgasm. Slowly he guided them both to the curb and searched for any onlookers. . 

She was exhausted but she found the energy to throw her leg over him to sit on his lap facing him. "Give me a minute and we can continue, but not out here." She said still shaking. 

He smiled and replied "As much as I would love that, we can't I have to go." 

"What!" She protested, "What do you mean you have to go? You can't do this to me and then just let me go!"

"Baby trust me, I don't want to go, but its 12:30," He said calmly as he bushed the hair out of her face." I would love to continue, but I have to get home. "

At that moment, Chloe realized that Marcus was not fully hers. Normally she wouldn't share him, but this was out of her control. Even though he made her feel so special so wonderful she had to let him go.

Chloe pushed away the disappointment, gathered herself up, and smiled.

"Well let's get you back to your car" she said sadly. "Where shall we meet next time?"