 I dozed off for about an hour. When I woke up, Wanda and Angie were locked in a very nice 69 on the other side of the bedroom. I watched for a little while and I was very quickly getting hot. I decided to go to the bathroom before I joined them. I walked through the living room and headed for the can. As I approached, I heard a knock at the front door. Who could this be? It was going on 4 AM. I walked to the front window, and was stunned to see a beautiful blonde on the other side. It was Teri, a girl I had worked with for a few years awhile back. We had fooled around a bit once, so I saw no reason to cover my naked cock. I opened the front door and stood there wearing nothing but a smile. She smiled back at me and reached for the door handle. “Did I catch you at a bad time?” she asked and came into the house.

“Well, I was just taking a break to head to the bathroom. Almost time for round 2.” I joked.

“Can we talk for a bit?” she asked. “I had a fight with my boyfriend and went for a drive. For some reason, I ended up driving past your house and decided to wee if you were alone.”

“Everything ok? He didn’t hit you did he?” I would have killed the bastard if he had touched her. She was way too hot to be slapping around.

“Oh no. It was just an argument. But that means I won’t be fucking him tonight, and I’m hornier than I’ve been in years.”

“Follow me…”

She walked behind me and I led her to the kitchen. “Grab a drink and wait here. I’ll be right back.” I said and went for the bathroom. As I finished relieving myself, I was ready for action. I went back to the kitchen and stopped dead in my tracks when I got there. Teri was naked sitting on the corner of the counter with her legs apart and a half empty beer bottle sliding slowly in and out of her pussy. I walked to her slowly and gently pulled the bottle from inside her and took a long drink. “Mmmm. Busch Light.” I smiled as I slid the bottle back inside. She gently rolled her head back and moaned as I inched the bottle inside. After a couple minutes of going up inside her I pulled the bottle out and offered it to her. She drank the rest of the bottle, set it on the counter beside her and pulled me closer. She gave me a deep tongue kiss and ran her hands down my back and along the sides of my ass. I bent down and kissed her nipples and sucked them very lightly. When she couldn’t wait any longer, she pushed my head lower. 

I eagerly pushed my face into the sweet pussy before me. Holy shit, she was coming already! This amazing woman was dripping and I had only started. I kept my mouth on her bush until she was begging me to stop. She could barely breathe and needed a break. I brought my head back up to kiss her stopping momentarily at her breasts again. After I kissed her mouth, she carefully pushed herself off the counter and got on her knees in front of me. I rested my hands where her butt had been and watched her as she guided my dick into her hot mouth. She was good. She took every inch of me inside her mouth and ran her soft hands over my balls. She went up and down on me for a few minutes. Not too fast, not too slow, she knew exactly what she was doing. She sensed I was about to come, so she stopped and stood up. She smiled at me again and turned her back to me. She turned her head around and moaned, “Fuck me”. 

I put my hands on her back and pushed her over the counter and rubbed my rock hard cock against her pussy. She let out a sound of pleasure as I entered her and proceeded deep inside. I kept going until I was all the way in. She arched her back a little and started rocking her hips. I had forgotten how tight this pussy was. We fucked each other hard until I knew I was ready to explode. “I’m gonna come soon” I whispered to her.

She quickly straightened, pulled my tool out of her and got on her knees once again. She took my cock once more and sucked it like a pro. Quickly, I was bracing myself on the counter as I sprayed wave after wave of come into her awaiting mouth. She swallowed every drop I had and licked me clean. We held each other for a bit, and she reached for her clothes that he had laid on the floor. “I’m glad your wife wasn’t home, I needed that.”

“I never said my wife wasn’t here. She in the bedroom with another chick,” I laughed.

“What? I thought you were alone!” She seemed angry, but I knew she wasn’t. “What’s going on?”

Well, it’s a long story. It all started like this…