 My name is Cameron Black. This story takes place about a year after I finished college, while I was volunteering to help coach the track team at the high school where I'd graduated. It wasn't a big deal, just a few kids going running with me every morning and after school. Since my job involved a split shift - four hours in the mid-morning and four hours in the evening - I had plenty of time to run with the younger folks.

There were two other coaches. The head coach was Mr. Garibaldi, my old coach, a guy who was more comfortable with the sprints and throwing events than any sort of distance. The other coach was Miss White. Miss White had been a runner at one point and was trying to get back into shape to run one of those 5Ks that are so popular. She ran middle and short distance with the team. Mr. Garibaldi still seemed to inspire the fear that had been there when I was on the team a few years prior. Miss White? The girls seemed to think that she was past her prime which might have been jealousy since some of the guys looked at her like she might be a cougar. I had only met her at the beginning of the season, so I was withholding judgment.

It was the middle of the season when Coach - Mr. Garibaldi - called me to ask if I could handle practice for him. He was home sick for a few days and didn't want to team getting out of condition. Since I was going to run whether the team came with me or not, I agreed. He had me swing by his house to pick up the keys and I ran practice for a few days while he recovered.

The team must have enjoyed the runs, because he called me up a month later to ask if I would cover for him during Spring Break. His wife wanted to go out of town and he couldn't think of a reason to say no to her when the team seemed to like working with me just fine. Again, I agreed, and picked up the keys.

The first day of practice was awesome. The distance runners showed up bright and early and we got in a good ten mile run before the sun had finished rising. Miss White ran with us and was out of breath when we finished. She kept tabs on the girls while they got showered and head home while I kept track of the guys. We met again that evening and repeated the routine.

Things went fine for three days. Then the numbers started getting out of hand. Kids who weren't even a part of the track team were coming out to run with us. I didn't mind, but it meant that I was close to being late for my morning shift that Thursday. The evening shift was no big deal, but one of the guys asked me if I'd gotten to work okay and a long conversation followed about what we could do about it on Friday. The guys suggested showing up earlier so the kids who weren't on the track team wouldn't show up and get in the way. Our problem was that there were kids who hadn't shown up for the Thursday evening practice who would miss out on Friday morning if we did that. Miss White and I went back and forth about it until it was decided that we would leave the morning run, but move the evening run forward a bit.

Friday moring went as smoothly as could be expected. The team showed up and we got in a good run before sunrise. The guys made a ruckus about getting the non-runners out on time and it was the girls who ended up running late. Since I was in danger of being late, I asked Miss White to lock up and bring the keys with her that evening.

My work day on Friday was terrible. The GM called me into his office and chewed me out for being late two days running. I tried explaining the reasons why, but he wasn't hearing it. That was just the beginning of a work day that could do nothing right. By the time I clocked out and pulled up at the school with my bag slung over my shoulder, I was ready for a long run.

Miss White had already opened the guys' locker room and the team was inside, changing. The girls were trickling out of their locker room and beginning to stretch. I ducked into the guys' side, got dressed, and was ready to run in what felt like record time. I got everyone ready with some warm ups and stretching and we ran. My frustration got the better of me and I set a gruelling pace. The kids called me on it after a couple miles and I slowed down to something more manageable, but the damage was done. Our pacing had been ruined and none of us had the stamina left to make the last quarter of the distance. We turned back and the team shuffled wearily into the locker rooms after I had apologized for letting things get the best of me.

The kids were gracious and thanked me for taking the time to run with them.

I joined the guys in their locker room and kept tabs on everyone. I figured I'd wait until the team was cleaned up and on their way home before I got a shower of my own. When the last guy left, I wandered over to the girls' locker room door and called in. Tina, the girls' captain, came bubbling out.

"Hey, Cam." She said. "Only one left inside is Miss White. All the others are gone home."

"Thanks. She decent, or should I come back in a bit?"

"She was dressed when I came out, if that's what you mean by 'decent'." Tina winked and bounced off, seeming for all the world like she hadn't just been ground into the dirt by that horrific excuse for a run. I watched until she got into her parents' car and her dad waved. I waved back and watched them drive off. Once the car was gone, I shouted into the locker room that a guy was coming in and anyone not dressed should cover up.

Anyone who hasn't been in a locker room after sundown probably doesn't know how creepy those places can be. When they're filled with people they seem so alive, but they sound hollow when there's only one or two people inside. I heard the showers running and wondered if Miss White had hopped in after Tina left.

"Miss White? Are you in the shower?" I asked.

"No, just haven't turned off the water yet." she said.

"Cool." I walked over to the shutoff valves and turned off the showers. I turned around to go find Miss White, expecting that she was making the rounds and checking for damage to the locker room. Instead, I saw her wrapped in a bath towel that didn't cover much at all. Her hair, a brownish shade of red that probably has a more specific name, was still wet and she was drying it off with a hand towel. Her bare shoulders were dusted with freckles that disappeared into the top of the bath towel which was wrapped around and tucked under her arms. She had her back to me and the towel ended about midway down her buttocks which, I noted, had definitely received the benefits of the running regimen. Her legs were lean and muscular. All this was absorbed into my mind in the space of time it took for me to realize that I had intruded and stammer out an apology. I could feel my cheeks flushing red and I stared at the floor.

When I could finally form words again, I said, "I need the keys to the guys' locker room so I can finish locking up."

Her voice, when she answered, sounded to me like she was still facing away. She told me that she would bring them over when she was dried off and leave them on my bag. I said thanks and rushed back over to the guys' locker room. I blasted the cold water and stood under it for as long as I could. When I finally began to be able to think - and worry that I might be making myself sick - I turned off the showers and trudged over to where my towel and clothes sat in a neat, folded pile. I sat down on my towel, not bothering to dry off, and let my face fall into my hands. It had been a while since I had seen a woman naked and Miss White was definitely in cougar country if she had a mind to be. My penis still stood at full attention, as if I were currently staring at Miss Whtie's towel-wrapped body.

It took me a full minute, maybe more, to realize that I was looking at exactly that. Miss White stood in front of me, still wrapped in that same towel. I buried my face in my hands, too preoccupied with trying to get that image out of my mind and to stop the obvious erection I had to realize that I wondered - apparently out loud - how she had gotten into the guys' locker room.

"The P.E. teachers have offices in between the locker rooms." she said. "I decided to lock up the girls' locker room and come through the offices to save you the trouble of having to lock up the girls' and guys'. I'm certainly glad I did."

I raised my face from my palms to find that she was looking fixedly at something in my lap. Again, my addled brain lagged behind in connecting the dots and realizing that it was my erection that she was staring at. My penis almost jumped at her notice and I squirmed under her scrutiny, trying to hide what I had no hope of hiding.

She raised her eyes to mine and cupped either side of my face in her hands. "I'm sure you've heard the students talking about me."

I tried to object, but found that I couldn't. I had heard the talk and wondered where this was going. So I sat in silence.

"Parts of it are true and parts are not." She reached up and untucked the towel wrapped around her, letting it fall to the floor. The body beneath the towel was as enticing as the bits that could be seen with the towel in place. Her freckles dwindled off into creamy, Celt-pale skin. Her breasts - small as runners' are prone to be - looked firm and only showed the minimum of sag that I would expect age to bring. Her body, the very one I was admiring, moved toward me, her legs stepped first one then the other over my hips and lowered her slowly to rest on my lap. My penis, trying to lay itself against my stomach, settled into the crack of her buttocks. She leaned in so that her lips almost brushed my ear as she said, "The parts about sexual exploits with students? All false." She settled herself a bit more comfortably and moved her mouth round to the other ear before she added, "The parts about enjoying a young, well-maintained body and the odd pleasure fuck? All true."

I gawked. Her weight seemed to shift back and I instinctively placed my hands on her hips to keep her from falling. My cock expressed its approval of this turn of events.

Miss White smiled at the pressure on her bum and leaned back just a bit; just enough that she could look me in the eyes - a challenge in and of itself, since her leaning back brought her breasts to my immediate attention. She nudged my chin with her nose and looked up. "I've seen the way you look at me when we run and the bulge in your shorts when we stretch. You can tell me now that it's all biology and that you've some objection or another and I'll get up, get dressed, and this conversation never happened." She pressed her breasts against my chest, rested her forehead against mine, and continued. "Or you can say you're game for a fuck and we can have some fun."

Rather than answer with words, I lifted my mouth to hers and kissed her. It wasn't long before exploratory kisses - tentative lips and curious nibbles - gave way to needy tongues and a wordless dance that is as old as humankind. I broke the kiss and began to nibble and suck on her nipples. I was rewarded with gasps of pleasure and her hands pressing my head against the breasts I wanted nothing more than to devour. Sometime during my enjoyment of her breasts, she lifted her hips from mine, positioned my penis, and absorbed the length of it into her. She rested that way until I removed my mouth from her breasts.

Her hands slid up the sides of my face, tilting my mouth to hers again, and she began to writhe forward and backward as our tongues twined again. I can't say how long we went on like that - our hips thrusting together and pulling apart to a rhythm that was beaten by our skins; urgent whimpers and needy, gutteral sounds that are made by human beings in no other place than intercourse; a symphony of distinctly human sounds only heard when two bodies come together.

My climax was getting close and I told her. Rather than deterring her, it seemed to spur her on. Her teeth caught one of my earlobes before she said, "Give it to me." Her urging - panted words accompanied by the primal music of our coupling pushed me over and I exploded inside her. My hands found her hips and ground her against me - a primal urge to ensure that nothing was lost locking us together until the twitching stopped.

We sat that way for a while. Then she smiled, stood up, and knelt down in front of me - sucking my cock until it began to stir again.

As she rose, I looked at her questioningly. Her smile grew wicked. "My turn." she said and slid me inside her once again.

This time, there was no movement; no gyration. She simply slid my cock into herself and began to rub her clit. Understanding dawned and I moved her hand to replace it with my own. I rubbed and gently pinched; flicked and teased until she pressed herself against me and her pussy clamped down on my cock; her orgasm fairly begging me to fill her again.

When the pulsing died down, she pushed my shoulder, guiding me onto my back. My legs were splayed on either side of the locker room bench. She hooked her feet over my legs and began pounding out a furious rhythm with her hips. Her fingers were twined with mine; our arms keeping her aloft. Since my feet were on the ground, my hips bucked more urgently, seeking another release. She orgasmed multiple times - the squeezing, urgent call of her womb for more - and the pressure around my prick coaxed it along all the quicker. It wasn't long before I was cumming inside her a second time, her sated body a blanket draped over mine.

We lay like that until she got up and turned on the showers again. I joined her, washing her back and she washing mine.

Once toweled off and dressed, I started to think. What had just happened? Was this going to be a regular thing? Had I really just fucked a woman old enough to be my mother?

My face must have shown my confusion, because Miss White sached over and kissed me lightly. "Don't read too much into this, Cam." she said. "I need a good cocking now and again and you were just what I needed to scratch that itch."

"So... no hard feelings if there's no call tomorrow or a week from now?"

She squeezed my crotch gently. "This was the only hard feeling I wanted. If I want it again, I'll let you know."

That season ended well for the track team. A few runners even made state. Miss White ran her 5K and a 10K and, eventually, a marathon. But we enjoyed a few marathons of another variety before she was in shape to handle the 26.2 mile kind.