 There was a sharp rap on the door. I looked up from my desk and hesitated. Somewhere from below, a manly voice said huskily, "Let him in." I squeaked out "Come in!" somewhat breathlessly.

A young delivery boy was standing at the doorway, holding a clipboard and a package in his hands. Noticing my inquisitive looks, he announced that he has come to deliver a package to Mr. Peter White. "Where is he?" he enquired. "I need his signature."

I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, feeling his eyes on me. Was he suspecting something? "Sign it." An almost inaudible whisper caught my attentive ears as I checked myself from letting out a soft moan and summoned the guy to come closer."I'm his private secretary. He's out of the office for a while. Can I sign it on his behalf?" I implored desperately and urgently. The boy nodded, looking a bit puzzled and possibly wondering what the great hurry was.

I finished the formalities as quickly as I could and handed him back the clipboard, failing in my attempts to try to look innocent and remove the odd flush of excitement from my face. The lad looked a bit disappointed; he might have wished to deliver the stuff to my boss directly. Perhaps it was his first big assignment. Nevertheless, he walked out slowly, leaving the box on the table and wishing me a good day. Undoubtedly, he had believed me to be the only person in the room at that moment. Well, he could have passed the package to the man himself, I reflected, if only he had had taken the trouble to bend a little and look underneath the table... where Mr. White was making slow love to my legs for a while now.

He had started by removing my heels and stroking my legs with his long fingers; occasionally planting swift kisses with his plump lips on my bare skin all along. It was a burning torment upon me; I had to sit immobile and rooted to my chair and concentrate on my desktop, maintaining an impassive face while my quickening heartbeats and tingling goosebumps kept me on tenterhooks about the titillating and playful antics happening below. I was struggling to keep my eyes open and stifle my groans as a pair of mischievous hands wreaked havoc with my petite lower limbs. Somehow I was apprehending that he would soon relieve my legs and fix his wicked gaze on some other things, which were also in full display to him under the piece of furniture.

I could hear some movements beneath; perhaps he was shifting a bit. Oh my God! What now? All of a sudden, I could feel his heavy breathing against my panties! What was he up to? I knew that he could not avoid my modest underwear if he crept under my skirt; it was now on the same level with his eyes. I mentally figured him feasting his perverted eyes on my panties, waiting for the opportune moment to peel them away and then clamp his mouth around my eager clitoral lips. I shivered and panted in orgasmic anguish as he kept me speculating, a mad rush of honeyed juice already moistening my sex at the very thought and wetting my thin panties.

He did not detach them totally, but with one swift gesture, his flexible finger parted my panties from the side of my sex, completely exposing my vagina which was tasting the free air and becoming sinfully wet in every passing instant. A foreboding sensation of unrestrained gratification was slowly inflaming me and turning me on to a point of no return; at that precise moment, the delivery boy had arrived with the parcel.

I waited for the foreplay to resume, soon after the boy had departed. My scanty undergarment was soon removed, heightening my heavy breathing furthermore. My boss now had the full liberty to roam freely over my secret labyrinths. A rough unshaven face scratched and tickled the innermost corners of my thighs as I understood that he was readying himself to bury his nose inside that forbidden tuft of pubic hair. 

He nibbled against the walls of my pulsating sex, gently guiding his yearning lips along that throbbing organ. As his smooth tongue unlocked my vagina without warning, slurping and licking the free flowing drops, I grunted out a series of unending moans, while I quickly started unbuttoning my shirt with my free hands. I began feeling up my perky breasts, having unhooked my bra, pinching and pleasuring my pointed nipples while my boss continued sucking and lapping up my vaginal fluids.

I kept moaning and quivering in desire, mercifully praying that my shrieks and howls were not going outside the walls of the room. I was almost naked now, the shirt lying on a heap on the carpet, my ample bosom peering out of the hastily half-unclasped brassiere, the protruding tips invitingly enticing; while my solitary skirt hung loose from my hips with no panties below. The landline rang out suddenly; silencing my wails as I wondered feverishly whether to pick up the receiver or ignore it. Mr. White instructed me to take it and act normally, not withdrawing from my glistening and soaking vagina as I picked up the phone with shaking hands.

"Good morning. Is this Mr. Peter White's office?"

"Ye-yes." I was on the verge of collapsing.

"Is he there Madam?"

"Not at this moment, I'm afraid. Can I take a message? I am his secretary." I blurted out, sighing out in ease as I felt his tongue leave my clitoris.

I did not foresee another assault; my dripping sex had had enough for one day. But my superior clearly had other devilish plans in his head. The man on the phone had barely asked me to fix a meeting with my boss and him in the coming week, when I felt the sex maniac inserting a couple of his long fingers into my long-tortured vagina. I gasped out in pleasure and almost dropped the phone as I heard my boss suppressing a malicious grin underneath the table.

"Yes Madam, as I was telling. Will next Wednesday be okay?" thankfully he had missed it.

"Ye-yes... uhh.. ohhh... mmmhh... tue-t-t-ues-day?" The tongue was back again on its prey.

"I said Wednesday Madam." His voice sounded impatient now. "Actually I will return from a business tour on Tuesday itself. Are you with me Madam?" he asked curiously.

"yes-s-ss... oh God... aaahhhh.... please... ummmmhh... wed-wed-nes-d-day is f-fine... I-I... m-mean... aah..." words were failing me as I spluttered out monosyllables, the frenzied fingering and tongue-play paralyzing me totally as more laughs from under the table caught my ears. My boss was clearly enjoying himself, seeing my condition.

"Madam, are you all right? Shall I call back later?" The man's tone sounded concerned and serious.

"W-h-a-t?! Ye-ess.. I'm ok... aaah..uhh..mmhh..oohhh... please d-d-on't stop... please... uummmhhh...!!!" I lost my grip on the receiver as I doubled back, unable to bear it any longer. My honey gushed out in full force and I ended up cumming on my boss's fingers who rapidly tongued around my pubic area, delightfully tasting me to his heart's content.

It was a tantalizing orgasm; I kept huffing and puffing and swallowing sharp intakes of air, panting and sweating like a bitch in heat. At last my boss extracted himself from his hiding place, stood up, walked across the room and locked the door. Feeling myself captive inside this fortress of a room, I sat, as if bound to my chair, viewing the tall, well-built figure pacing around the room, charged up by an agitated excitement. He was extremely good-looking and always looked way younger than his age. And he was unbelievably alive and active sexually. He took off his coat, as well as his tie and ordered me to stand up.

I nervously placed myself in front of him, feeling jumpy and avoiding his longing gaze while he took a full glimpse of my trembling figure. His cum covered bee-stung lips curled up in a lopsided smile as my parched throat quickly turned dry in anxiety. A palpable cloud of sexual energy hung low in the surroundings as the master and his slave stood facing each other, a bubble of carnal tension aching fit to burst. Soon. Very soon.

He came up to me and started massaging my cheeks. I liked this attention from his fleshy fingers, his hypnotic bedroom eyes never leaving my own. Pulling my face towards his, he opened my hair from the tight bun and planted a heavy kiss on my pining lips which clung on to them like a helpless magnet. I tasted myself on them; matching his intensity and kissing back ferociously as our liplocks started to ignite fire, both pairs of supple and full lips teasing and glued to each other in perfect tandem and ecstasy.

Our pulse rates increased tenfold; my heart was thundering in deafening beats; and now our tongues started entangling and locking themselves in fierce embraces inside. The mouths were explored in prompt motions while we continued biting, tugging and sucking on each other's salivating tongues. I could feel a massive erection growing against his trousers and felt myself haplessly starting to get wet again while we lost ourselves in endless rounds of sensual tongue-play.

His lips and tongue felt like heaven and it seemed like almost an eternity as I kept munching and devouring them. He finally broke apart his reddening face, bearing a contended smile. I was like a plaything in his large hands as he started sniffing and sucking on the nape of my neck next.

I moaned and swayed along and found him engrossed in unhooking what is left of my bra. As the straps fell away, he nibbled my ears affectionately and then looked at my bare torso.

People had always envied my ample cleavage, my curves too being a source of manifold attraction and jealousy. Beads of shining sweat now gathered around the plumb nipples, with the ripe and milky white mounds signaling their keenness to be fondled and molested. His eyes traveled further down to my deep and luscious bellybutton, completing a perfect landscape in my toned and curvaceous tummy.

He took my hands and wrapped the silky tie around them, ignoring my feeble protests and further strengthening his iron grip. My wrists were turning numb as he placed my bound hands behind me and thrust my bare back against the wall. In a quick movement, he unzipped my short skirt too leaving me completely in the nude with my tight buttocks grazing and wounded against the wall, as my feminine self felt more and more liberated and uninhibited. I craved for his hands all over my body, all sorts of illicit visions of porn movies flooding my mind and I was no longer perturbed by my unabashed nudity. I wanted him to play with me. Brutally. Roughly. Lustily.

He started encircling my upright nipples with his long fingers. I groaned and begged; he replied by taking my left breast in his mouth. He suckled the sensitive teat voraciously, while he kept his other hand busy on my right breast. It was an agonizing but alluring pleasure, beyond my wildest fantasies as I watched him satisfying himself; my bosom was touched and felt in ways like never before as his lively tongue unleashed a raging fire of unnerving erotica with all his biting, licking and sucking activities.

He was feeling hot too, as he flung away his shirt and discarded his trousers. His penis was almost yelling for freedom; his underwear barely concealing the throbbing erection. That piece of garment was soon gone; the bare bodied irresistible hunk stood towering before me, waiting to pounce, conquer and rip me apart.

He guided his tongue between my two supple breasts and continued the downward journey while his fingers reached upwards and pressed the subtlety of my sultry lips. I sucked on them, rolling them with my tongue as he started eating out my navel hole. He brushed his horny lips around that erogenous zone, poking out his tongue again and shoving it inside the gaping depths of my sexy midriff. I kept stammering "ummhhh.. ohh.. aahhh.. yess.. yesss.." as another orgasm almost engulfed me, with his tongue and lips frolicking themselves and eagerly tasting my navel. "It smells so nice too", he murmured, nuzzling his nose and planting soft baby kisses now.

After that, he left a trail of seductive kisses under my navel right up to the inner corners of my thighs, which further took my breath away. With a gentle caress on my pounding vagina, he grinned at my dripping wet situation and stood up. He turned me around, now pinning my breasts to the wall. The rough thrust further hardened the sore nipples and he dominantly commanded me to keep my tied arms straight over my head. I hastened to obey and my boss started quenching his thirsty eyes with the sight of my smooth velvety backside, flaunting voluptuous curves and further complimented by a pair of pleasant, round butt cheeks.

His hands grabbed my shoulders, while he sucked and licked all along my back, wickedly biting the curves and admiring their perfection. I felt the tip of his hot erect rod gently touching my left rear. He bent down and started teasing my glorious bottom, his able hands caressing and smacking the cheeks playfully, his teeth occasionally marking and chewing at the flesh.

I sensed his groping mouth was near and very soon, his busy tongue wrapped around my anal hole without any prior intimation. My moans reached deadly levels as his fingers dipped inside my vagina searchingly while his mouth ate out my anal juices like a hungry animal.

Standing up, he took hold of my waist with one hand, as I bent low, my large breasts hanging and swaying loosely. I badly wanted his mouth on them again. His other fist clenched my captured hands together. He plunged his insanely long erection into my sex, the unwarranted penetration sending a tsunami of electric current all over my private parts. With soft and rhythmic thumps, he went in and out of me as I groaned and whimpered, pleading him not to stop. He grabbed my hair and tugged a fistful of it, now increasing his pace as the passion grew rough and lethal; the unbridled lovemaking now giving me countless doses of great pain as well as erotic pleasure.

He loosened his hand on my grinding waist and started fondling the bouncing melons from behind. I was drenched in my fluids, squirting hard on the massive rod as he plugged himself out of my socket at long last, being also on the verge of an invigorating climax. Staggering a little, I now bent low and closed my famished lips on the tip of his shiny penis, taking in the entire length, coating and drowning it in my saliva. The erection tasted wonderfully delicious and fresh as the straight pole almost reached the back of my throat; the hard balls not going unnoticed either. His cum sprayed out on my face as the thick viscous liquid dripped down further to my sweaty hemispheres when I stood up. He kissed my weary lips, feeling his own saltiness and savoring it gleefully.

We were completely spent and exhausted; our bodies now clamoring for a respite after reciprocating and responding so beautifully to each other. My boss seemed to be obsessed with my body; he freed my arms but did not spare me immediately; he laid me down on the long table and marveled at my stark nakedness.

He again kissed my face and mouth, immersing my tongue; then started twitching my nipples a second time, this time with a sharpened pencil. He drew the pointed tip around the edges of my breasts, teasing and poking the stiff aureoles, and followed it with another round of tongue play on the mounds, lowering his head within the huge cleavage while his hands juggled the fleshy glands up and down.

Perhaps the pencil was not enough, since he next touched his bulbous penis head around my bosom, feeling the nipples with his vibrating tip. His erection then danced around my belly, finally stopping at the base of my bellybutton. Oh please! Don't go in there again! I appealed voicelessly, the unmistakable venom in his eyes overpowering me and sending a chill down my spine.

He picked up the pencil and injected the long weapon deep inside my cute and sweet navel, bringing out a loud moan from my panting interiors. I was getting turned on again, squirming painfully as he kept stabbing and brushing the pencil tip all around that sensitive region, kissing and tonguing the bellybutton lustily. Eyeing my pubic region naughtily, he let go of the pencil and greedily started thumbing and feasting on my vaginal lips once more.

I was almost senseless in poisonous pleasure as he again inserted his gigantic erection into my tempting sex and bobbed inside and out. Rounds and rounds of joyous groans escaped our mouths as we climaxed again and again, ultimately collapsing in a breathless heap on top of one another.

I had lost track of the time. The receiver still lay motionless on the floor. Could the whole office guess what has just happened inside this room? Did they hear anything? The entire thing seemed like a crazy, immoral and slutty affair now. I had known all along that I could have easily evaded this episode by objecting as soon as he had laid his dirty hands on my feet and made his intentions clear.

But I hadn't.

It was consensual all along.

There was no need to feel guilty, I assured my conscience. My body had been explored in a manner which was way beyond my own imagination and lecherous dreams. I felt strangely elated and proud of myself. My mind and body were aching in agony; every curve and every crevasse memorized and owned by my boss. A lot of walls were broken between us today; we had got to know each other so differently, probably light years away from our professional and ethical arena. His marital status had not bothered me; the heat of the moment driving me away from any nagging doubts of his infidelity to his wife by making love to his secretary. The particular thought of pleasuring him and getting pleasured in return had mattered to me the most at that instant. 

Cum and saliva settled and glistened in various parts on my figure as I watched Mr. White pick up his clothes and put them on again, humming a tune softly. Letting out a sigh and glancing back at a morning well spent, I scooped up my own garments too.