 The kitchen blowjob Brenda had given me was passionate and skillful; she seemed to have gotten some pleasure from it as well, and that made it all the more exciting and erotic for me. I had to have her again, and soon, because I knew things wouldn't and couldn't last very long between us. As I said, she had recently begun dating someone, and I didn't want to create any kind of situation that would derail that potential relationship for her. (Several years later, in fact, she ended up marrying the guy.) I didn't feel that way about Brenda, though I will admit that I was intrigued with the idea of something a bit longer term with someone so unabashedly sexual, and the fun we might have. But there were other things about our circumstances and personalities that I knew were not a good fit. We would have to leave it at playing out a few fantasies and then moving on.

Four days after sucking me off in my kitchen, Brenda came to the office late in the afternoon for some meetings about an upcoming project. She and I met with our boss for an hour in the department's conference room, and Brenda, smiling creamily, took the opportunity of running her toe up and down my leg beneath the conference table the entire time. 

Sometimes I can't help but think that the business offices of white-collar America are the most fertile hothouse environments for relationships, romance, and all manner of sexual hijinx. I know that much of this has to do with the amount of time that one spends with one's co-workers, day after day, and the companionable relationships that one is practically forced into. But the real reason, I think, is the incredible tedium of the working world. Work can be interesting, but not steadily so, and so many hours of the day are dedicated to it that often one must find other ways to make the workday entertaining. Some people surf the Internet for sports or porn or God knows what. Some people play computer solitaire. I have always favored flirting my ass off and trying to get laid to make the day more interesting. Or, once actually engaged in a sexual relationship with a co-worker, looking for an opportunity to engineer a quick fuck during office hours.

Our boss had another obligation following our meeting and promptly left for the evening when it was over. It was already a bit past 5 o'clock, and everyone else in our department had already gone for the day. 

"Well," I said to Brenda, "let's go to my office and I'll give you those files."

I turned off the lights in the conference room, and as we walked toward my office past the cubicles, I called out to see if anyone was still around and then shut out the lights when I got no response. 

"Looks like we're the last ones," she said.

Brenda leaned against my desk as I pulled some files from a cabinet and dropped them on the desk before her. She opened a folder and idly looked through some pages.

"Let me know if you have any questions," I said, coming up beside her.

"I have a question," she said. "Do you know the company policy for ... fucking in the workplace?"

"Well," I said, moving around behind her, "there's nothing in the employee handbook. But I have a feeling they probably frown on that sort of thing."

"Hmm. That's too bad. Even after business hours, you think?"

"That's my guess. Probably not just fucking, either," I said. "For instance, even something like this," drawing her hair back and kissing her lightly on the neck, "would probably be inappropriate."

"Mmm. Too bad."

"And I probably couldn't do something like this, either," I said, sliding my hands around and cupping her breasts, squeezing them gently. 

"But it just seems like a friendly gesture," she breathed, closing her eyes and tipping her head back a bit. 

"I know. But it could easily lead to me, say, opening your blouse," I whispered, undoing the buttons of her blouse and pulling her it up out of her slacks. "And massaging your breasts."

Brenda reached up and unhooked the front clasp of her bra; her full, heavy breasts slipped down into my hands.

"Mmm," I said, "and see, this would be completely out of line."

"A shame," she said, pressing her ass back against the hard cock in my trousers. She bent forward then and propped her arms on my desk. I leaned across her back, still rolling her breasts in my hands, circling her nipples with my fingertips and then pinching them lightly. I ground my hardon against her ass and then leaned across her back to whisper in her ear.

"I know," I said, "but I'd be fired faster than you could say 'Update your resume and fuck my hot cunt.'"

"Oh God," she sighed. I lowered the zipper on her slacks, undid the clasp, and pulled them down over her broad round ass. She was wearing a black thong, and I ran my fingers underneath the length of the gusset, over her asshole, and then across the lips of her wet pussy. She grunted softly as I slipped a finger inside her, her wonderful slick heat, and then added a second finger. I finger fucked her slowly, opening her up. 

"Uhh...uhh...yeah... that's good... yeah... fuck," she moaned in time with my thrusts. "Jesus..." she said, starting to thrust back against my fingers. Suddenly she swept all the file folders from the desk and lay forward across it.

"Update your resume... uh... and fuck my wet cunt," she said forcefully, which was an incredible turn on. "And not in that fucking order."

I quickly undid my belt and yanked down my pants and boxers. I took my cock in hand and gently ran it up and down the crack of her ass, then brought it beneath her, pressed the head against her clit and rubbed there. 

"God, don't tease me now," she said. "Just fuck me. I want to feel your cock in me."

I like to think that I'm a gentleman, and with a request such as that, I don't normally need to be asked twice. But I just don't get tired of hearing a woman ask me that, and sometimes I want to be asked twice.

"Again," I said, and slapped her smartly on the ass.

"Oh. Fuck. Fuck me. Put your cock in me. Fuck my pussy. I need you to fuck me."

I tapped my cockhead on her clit a couple quick times and then slid the length of it into her very wet slit. "Ohhh, God," she exhaled as if I'd just loosed something from her. I pumped shallowly and slowly at first, spreading the cheeks of her ass. Then I slapped her ass sharply and began fucking her fast and hard. Her cunt was a comfortably snug fit; she was positioned a little higher than me, and I had to bend my knees slightly to get the length of my cock all the way into her. 

Brenda was wonderfully responsive, an excellent and engaged fucker. I held her hips and pounded into her, my abdomen thwacking against her fleshy ass. She kept knocking shit from my desk to the floor as I pistoned into her.

Keeping my knees slightly bent was an awkward position; my thighs felt like iron and were starting to ache. "Turn around," I said, and Brenda quickly stood upright and turned around to face me. She pressed her ass against the desk and spread her legs. I stroked my fingers over her pussy and then pushed into her from the front. This was the first full-on look I'd gotten at her breasts, and they were lovely; round, heavy, slightly sloped. I sucked her left nipple in between my lips, then squeezed it gently between my front teeth, just enough to make her spasm a bit. Then I reached behind her, put my hands on her ass just below the small of her back, and started fucking her hard once again. 

"You like that?" I panted, driving into her as hard as I could, making her tits joggle with my thrusts. "You like getting fucked in the office? Huh?" Sweat was dripping off my face onto her breasts. 

"I want to come," she breathed. "Fuck, I want to come."

"Come for me," I said, because I was getting close myself and didn't want to finish ahead of her. I was entertaining ideas of her on her knees again, taking my load in her mouth when I was ready. But first I wanted to see and hear her cum.

"Stroke your clit, baby," I said. "I want you to come while I'm inside you. Come all over my fuckin' cock, baby. C'mon, gimme your cum."

Brenda's eyes were squeezed tightly shut and she was stroking her clit furiously with her middle finger as I fucked her. Stray strands of black and gray hairs were plastered to the sweat on her neck and throat. She tried to wrap a leg around my waist and I held it up for her by the crook of her knee. I tried to take in the whole vision: her face in the throes of sexual passion, her trembling breasts, the muscles in her belly drawn taut, my cock pumping in and out of her...

"Brenda, you look so sexy getting fucked, baby. This is so fucking hot," I said. And it was, this was true.

She opened her eyes and looked at me. Her look was beyond the clichéd "smoldering": dirtier than that, almost leering. "I've wanted to fuck you right here since the very first time I met you in this office," she said in a throaty voice. 

"Jesus," I said. This was all too much for me and I pulled out of her immediately, thrust my fingers inside of her.

"No!" she said, "No, what's wrong?"

"Too fucking exciting," I panted, pressing three fingers in and out of her as quickly and deeply as I could, "I'm going to come. I don't want to come yet. Don't worry, baby, just give me a minute..."

I kept finger-fucking and encouraging her as she continuing stroking her clit.

"Oh, yeah, Brenda, you're so fucking hot, you're gonna make me blow my load. I wanna see you come. C'mon, baby, gimme your cum..."

She was grunting softly, holding her breath for several seconds and then exhaling deeply, like she was getting close.

"Fuck, I need your cock in me," she panted, "I don't care if you come, just stick your cock in me."

I replaced my thrusting fingers with my cock, hoping that edge had worn off enough that I could fuck her again for a while. But I had gotten so close so suddenly before that I was still extremely sensitive, and had only resumed a hard fucking of her when I felt that deep, rich churning rapidly swell within me.

"Fuck, Brenda, I'm coming, baby. Oh, fuck..."

The first spasm felt strong and full, like I'd shot a hot jet of cum all the way up the back of her throat. Then a second, a third...

"Fuck, baby. Fuck..."

The fifth spasm finished me off. My cock was still mostly hard but, I could tell, not as thick anymore, not as engorged. I slipped two fingers into her pussy along the underside of my cock to try to keep her filled as she continued frigging her clit and thrusting against me.

"That's it, baby, come for me," I said, and then decided to take a slightly different tack and lowered my voice. "C'mon you horny cunt. Come all over my fucking cock. You got your pussy filled with my hot cum right here on my desk, just like you wanted..."

Brenda grew intensely quiet, holding her breath, then quickly reached back with her free hand and braced herself on the desk. 

"Ohh...fuck! Yeah. Fuck! Omigod," she started coming. Her head jackknifed forward and I only just got my own head out of the way in time or she'd have probably broken my nose. She was squirming and I had to put my hand on the small of her back to keep from sliding out of her. I continued to thrust up as best I could into her throbbing, orgasming pussy. 

I love it when women come. I mean, really come. Sometimes that's just as exciting for me as anything else that happens in a hook-up. Knowing that I've participated in any way to help them feel something so pleasurable is extremely erotic and satisfying. Sure, I'm greedy when it comes to sex, but only in that I want a lot of it. In the end, I'm not content to just have my way with things and be done with it. I'm sure that I've been hoodwinked in my time, especially with women who I haven't been with very often—it takes a while to get to know someone, to know what works for them. And I know that sometimes, for a woman, it's just not happening for whatever reason. I'd always rather that she be honest with me and either tell me what I can do to help her, or to tell me that we just need to stop because she's not going to get there. 

I think that's one of the reasons why, though I find pornography stimulating, it's not completely satisfying. At least, professional porn. You rarely see genuine female orgasms. Amateur porn often seems more satisfying in that regard.

In her own pantheon of orgasms, I couldn't tell you how Brenda rated this one, but I have to say that I found it an incredible turn-on, and I have little doubt that it was the genuine article. She was breathing heavily; her throat and chest were splotchy with red, and breasts were slick with sweat. I took them in my hands and massaged them. I bent my head and softly sucked at one of her nipples which looked swollen, engorged, the areola slightly larger. As I did so, she ran her fingers lightly through my hair—a sweet, affectionate gesture.

Epilogue of Brenda Brenda and I got together a final time, one night not long after this, at her apartment. Dressed in only sweatpants and an old t-shirt, she reclined on her couch, her feet in my lap, and read an erotica story to me that she had been recently working on. It was, in parts, a homage to our two encounters, with details altered but most of our actions intact. It was fascinating to listen to because it was the first time I got to hear a woman's detailed response and reaction to sex I'd had with her: how she felt, and what she was thinking. She never got to finish reading that story because partway through, I started working down her sweat pants and licking her already wet pussy. Soon we were both completely naked, in her bed, fucking until 1 o'clock in the morning. She came when I ate her out. I climbed atop her and fucked her then, pinning both her wrists to the bed with my hands—she liked that. We finished, finally, with Brenda on all fours getting fucked from behind, during which she came again, as did I, pumping my load inside her. 

"It's kind of weird," she said afterwards. "I'm dating this guy who I really like, and I can't even get him to kiss me goodnight yet, and in the meantime, here I am fucking my co-worker friend. Who's... attached, right?"

I felt some guilt then, wondering if I had been sending some other signals, or if she thought my eagerness to fuck her hinted at something more after all. But I didn't feel any differently about a romantic relationship. I knew a few things about myself, and though Brenda might be disappointed at that moment, she'd be downright hurt later, and regret having missed out on this other chap who, as I mentioned earlier, had more stable intentions and designs. 

Brenda was great, though. Being steadily involved with someone so sexually charged, so erotic, was tempting to me. Some of her stories had involved threesomes, and when I considered the adventures that could perhaps be had with her... 

I ran into her a couple years later in a neighborhood bar when she and her now-fiance were having lunch; I'd popped in there quickly for a six-pack of Guinness. He looked a little on the squirrelly side, with a bad haircut, but I'm really not one to judge. A few years after that, I received as e-mail from her (along with everyone else in her contact list) updating all on her new, married name. I e-mailed her back and had lunch with her one day soon after. She'd lost more weight and looked good, though she seemed nervous and had a bit of that overly enthusiastic thing going on again. But, as far as her enthusiasm went, who am I to complain?