 **** This is Chapter Three of the ongoing story of John a Lawyer and Candy a Cop. I have broken these up by Chapters as they are getting long. Thank you goes out to a good friend for editing.

Chapter 3

Strong smell of fresh brewed coffee, awoke John from his peaceful slumber. Stirring he opened his eyes to see hear a soft humming coming from the kitchen area. Slowly he climbed of the couch and winced as he felt that his right hand and arm were numb from laying above his head. He shook his hand briskly as he staggered over to the kitchen. Looking in he saw beautiful Candy standing at the stove only wearing a small red apron he got as a gag gift that said "Kiss the Cook." He watched her ass tighten and relax as she quietly hummed to herself as she stirred something in the pan in front of her. Her long blond hair fell back over her shoulders and spilled lightly down her back. He could see her large breasts straining against the apron. He leaned against the wall and watched her taking in her radiant beauty and marveling at the how sexy she looked just being her. She glanced back and smiled at him as she flipped a sandwich from the pan onto a plate on the counter.

"Hey, your up!" she called as she tossed another couple of pieces of bread into the pan, they sizzled as they meet the heat from the pan.

"Yeah." John replied running his hands through his hair. Looking back at him she giggled and said

"Well I see something else is awake as well..." John looked down and blushed deeply as he realized his cock was still sticking out of his jeans. He tried to turn away to cover himself but was stopped when he heard her say

"Hey but I am naked too, take them off I want to see what you got there." John blushed again and could feel the heat, his hands hovered around his waist line as he looked up at her. She was leaning against the stove with her arms crossed and a sly grin on her face. They stood there looking at each other, the sexual tension was high, and the silence was deafening.

Finally she crossed the room standing in front of him, she reached out and grabbed the front of his jeans pulling him to her. They stood inches apart from each other and he felt very aroused and helpless, and he loved the feeling.

"I want you to know something about me. I am very much a sex addict at heart and I love being naked around someone I am attracted too. I also love to see the person I am attracted to naked as well." She said as she popped the button on his jeans and let them fall to the floor. Reaching up she grabbed his shirt and roughly yanked it over his head, tossing it to the floor behind him. John felt a bit shy about this whole thing as was trying to work things out in his head about how he felt about suddenly being ordered around. She saw the look in his eyes and his body language told her that was working this out in his head. Reaching up she put her arms around his head and leaned in close. Kissing him lightly on the lips she ran her fingers along the back of his head through his hair. "Now I want you to untie my apron please." She whispered as she kissed him again gently on the lips. Reaching up he undid the tie in front of the apron and let the ties fall to her side. "Take it off?" she whispered. Reaching up John grabbed the loop and slowly pulled over her head and let it fall to the floor. "Now go sit down in the living room while I finish lunch." she said as she kissed him deeply on the lips, pulling him close to her as their hands roamed over each other. He could feel his stiff erection rubbing against her stomach as she held him tighter. Her nipples pushed against his chest and he could feel that she was slowly swaying back and forth letting them drag against the soft hair on his chest. Pulling back she looked down between them to see several small spots of precum sticking to her belly.

"Sorry.." he whispered as he watched her scoop up a small drop on her finger. She giggled as she licked it off her finger like it was a spot of ice cream and slowly walked back to the stove. John stood in shock as she waved her hand at him to go and sit. John quietly turned and could hear her humming softly again as he left the kitchen. Passing by the table he saw that his phone was flashing a red light meaning he had a message. Grabbing it up he walked into the living room and dialed in his code and listen to the messages. His voice mail had three new messages, one was a lawyer from the his firm asking about a case. The second was from Steve who asked how his day was going and if he wanted to meet up for a drink later. The final message was from a number John did not recognize but it was from a lawyer with another firm who was looking for him. Shrugging he set the phone down on the coffee table and sat down on the couch.

Several minutes passed as he sat in silence, listening to the soft humming coming from the kitchen and was curiously comfortable with his own nudity at the moment. John rested his head back against the couch and closed his eyes. His mind whirled over the last several hours and the amazing experience he had. He pictured her in his mind and felt a rush of emotion surge through him as he drifted back to yesterday, and the discussion on the balcony, then to the talk they had at breakfast. John smiled to himself as he recalled the morning's activities, the amazing teasing on the couch and the way she smiled and sighed during their moment of passion.

"Hey you, whatcha smiling about?" Candy said as she slipped into the room with a tray loaded with two plates, with sandwiches on them with two steaming cups of coffee.

"Just enjoying your presence here." John said as he opened his eyes to see her naked form standing before him.

"Oh really?" she said with a giggle as she bent over before him to set the tray down on the coffee table. Her amazing sexy ass was inches from him and he got a clear view of her pink fluffy lips as she bent over.

"So you see something you like?" she giggled as she straighten up and turned to face him.

"Oh yeah!" he whispered as he looked her up and down taking in ever inch of her beautiful body.

Giggling again she slowly eased down into his lap placing her knees on either side of his thighs. She draped her arms on the back of the couch and leaned in close, her lips inches from his. John reached out and gently slide his hands up to her hips, slowly massaging them. Her skin was so smooth and soft, it felt like silk to the touch and her scent was intoxicating. She was sitting with her ass on his knees and her crotch in plain view. His hard cock stood between them and he sighed contently as she leaned in and kissed him softly on the lips. He let his hands wander up her back and she scooted a little closer to him.

Their kiss deepened as she opened her mouth to accept his hungry tongue. She moaned into his mouth as their tongues connected softly slide against each other. He could feel her fingertips gently brushing the hair on the back of his head as he felt her shift closer pushing her wet sex against his throbbing cock. John groaned as he felt the lips of her now very wet pussy push against the underside of his shaft. She ground against his cock and pushed the head into his stomach as she slowly worked her hips up and down against him. The feeling was amazing he had never done anything like this with another women, it felt like sex but not. She tossed her head back arching her back as she ground against him, pushing harder against his shaft.

"It feels like dry humping.." she giggled loudly as she lifted her head back and looked into his eyes.

"But so much better." he giggled back as he shift his hips to put more of his shaft in line with her dripping sex.

Leaning in she kissed him hard on the lips and he felt her pull an arm away from the back of her head. He watched intently as she reached down between them and began to slowly rub her clit, which because of the position let her rub the head of his cock. In seconds her fingers were covered in a mix of their juices and she was working her hips a bit more as she rocked back and forth against him.

John wanted to take her, in the back of his mind he imagined rolling her onto the couch on her back and spreading her legs wide. He wanted to bury his cock in that dripping pussy and fuck her till she screamed his name. He wanted to do so much to her, but opening his eyes he looked into her those deep brown eyes and could see that she was thinking the same thing.

"Please not yet.."she whispered as she continued to grind against him. She must have seen the hunger in his eyes, the wanting, the needing, and he knew that she wanted it too but was not ready.

John felt fine with this, surprisingly he was not upset, not disappointed, he was, happy. John's heart stopped as he looked at this beautiful women, he watched in amazement as he felt a very strong feeling well up inside him. Her eyes, her beautiful, her laugh, her smile, everything he loved everything about her. He was falling in love.

"Whats wrong?" she said as everything stopped and she looked at him.

"I uh....nothing..I think I..." John started to say until a shrill beep went off from behind the couch. Candy groaned loudly as she climbed out his lap and walked behind the couch, he heard her rummage through her duffel bag and came out with a phone. Flipping it open she glanced at it then snapped it closed and started grabbing clothes out of the bag.

"I have to go, I am sorry work needs me" Candy said as she pulled on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. John turned around on the couch so he could watch her dress.

"Oh no problem.." John said as he stood up grabbing one of the now cold grilled cheese sandwich from the plate and holding it out to her. She smiled at him and leaned over the couch taking a bite of the sandwich in his hand.

"Were you gonna say something?" she said as she chewed the food and pulled on her sneakers.

John wanted to say it, but he was scared shitless. He knew she didn't feel the same way about him. How could she after only having two conversations? John stared down at the sandwich in his hand and looked back at her. She stood in front of him with her bag in hand.

"No it wasn't important.." John mumbled as he took a bite from the sandwich.

"You sure?" Candy said with a look of concern crossing her face. She dropped the bag and walked around the couch standing in front of him.

"You can tell me anything you want.." She said as she reached up and brushed his bangs to the right with her finger tips.

"Thanks." John whispered as he reached out and pulled her into a tight hug. They kissed long and deeply as they held each other tightly. Their hands started to wander again and he could feel his cock pushing against her stomach again. Stepping back quickly and breaking the kiss John could see that Candy was again getting aroused, her face was flush and she had a sparkle in her eye as she looked at him.

"I really have to go, I cant stay." Candy said as she grabbed up the duffel bag.

"I know, be safe." John said with a giggle as he handed her the rest of the sandwich.

Candy grabbed the sandwich and kissed him lightly on the cheek. "No worries handsome, I am a hellva shot!" She giggled as she turned heading for the door.

"I will text you later!" She called as he watched the door shut. Groaning loudly he dropped into the couch looking at the two now cooled cups of coffee. Laying back he closed his eyes, he could still smell her, the sweet scent, mixed with a hint of sweat and sex. His fingertips tingled as he rubbed them down his chest to his still very hard shaft. Gently he let his fingers glide around it and stroking it softly as his mind once again replayed the events that just occurred. He sighed softly as he felt her juices still wet on his shaft help lubricate his hand. He groaned as his hand came up to his head, squeezing it gently. He could feel a bead of precum slip down his fingers and he stroked back down his shaft. He felt a familiar buzzing in the back of his head as he felt the pressure in his balls building. He was getting close, he wanted this so badly. He wished Candy was here to watch him do this for her.

He bit his lower lip as he felt the feelings coming to a peak, his hand pumped faster on his shaft as he opened his eyes to watch himself cum, something he was always fascinated with and watch happen. Movement to his left caught his eye, looking up he saw Steve standing next to the couch with a complete look of shock on his face. John tried to stop but the rush was on and he couldn't stop it. They locked eyes for an instant before he went over the edge. His cock exploded in a rush of pleasure, John groaned loudly and closed his eyes, he felt the first spurt hit him high on the chest as the second and third landed on his stomach and dripped down his hands.

His chest heaved and fell with his ragged breathing as he opened his eyes again hoping he didn't see Steve standing there. Looking up he saw that Steve had turned his back to him and he could tell he was breathing hard.

"Oh fuck Steve, I..I..."John said as he sat up and grabbed the blanket pulling it over his waist. Steven half turned as he looked back over his shoulder. His face was beat red and he looked very flustered.

"No its cool man.." Steve said in a shaking voice. "The..uh...door was open and I just came in." Steve stammered as he shifted a bit in place. "I just wanted to see if you wanted to go grab lunch?" Steve said as he walked across the room and sat down in one of the chairs, looking down at his shoes.

John looked at his best friend with a look of concern. "You ok bro?" John asked as he wrapped the blanket over his shoulders to better cover himself.

"Yeah I will be fine." Steve said looking up at him with a big grin on his face, which still seemed very red. "Go fucking shower so we can go grab a drink and some food!" Steve said.

"Ok sounds good!" John said as he pulled himself off the couch and made his way to the shower.

"Hey No jerking off in there!!" Steve called with a laugh.

John showered quickly and pulled on some jeans and a t-shirt, stepping from the bedroom he found Steve in the same chair with his cell phone in his hand. "Ready?" John called as grabbed up his wallet and keys.

"Yeah but your driving!" Steve said as he flipped his phone closed and got up from the chair with a huge grin on his face.

"You sure your ok bro?" John asked as he stopped at the door.

"Yeah.. I think so.." Steve said as he patted him on the back. "Its not like I haven't seen your cock before and well your a guy I know you have jerked it off before." Steve said as he started walking toward the open door.

"Yeah..but.." John started to reply.

"Dude! Don't worry about it." Steve said as he stepped into the hallway. John followed locking the door behind him.

The drive to the restaurant was a short drive but one in silence. Steve was always looking out the window and fiddling with his phone several times. It rang a couple of times and he would flip it open type something and snap it shut.

John felt nervous and worried, the thought of him being watched by his best friend was disturbing, but yet kinda arousing. John was not kidding himself he knew he had a voyeur side to him and had a couple of times even jerked off to some soft gay porn but never thought about doing it with another guy let alone Steve his best friend. John was making himself nervous he glanced over at Steve who was once again engrossed in his text messaging.

"So what were you thinking about?" Steve asked as he flipped the phone closed again.

"What do you mean?" John asked he knew what Steve was asking but was trying to dodge the question.

"Come on man, what got you so aroused" Steve asked as he turned to look at John.

"It was Candy." John said as he pulled into the parking lot and into a space.

"Candy?" Steve sat shocked.

"Yeah she came over this morning and we goofed around a little" John said as he looked over to his friend who sat open mouthed and stunned.

"Did you fuck her?" Steve asked as the shock of the moment wore off.

"No..not sex but we played with each other.." John mumbled as he shifted in his seat.

"What the hell man spit it out!" Steve said as he leaned toward John in the seat.

They sat in the car as John explained the events of the this morning. Getting caught in the shower, seeing her in the shower. The breakfast and the episode of masturbation on the couch. He didn't get into too much detail about the actual sex, even though Steve pushed him hard for details. Finally John explained the events leading up to the position his friend had caught him in. Steve again turned beat red at the mention of catching John in the act of pleasuring himself.

"Dude are you ok?" John asked as his friend turned to look out the window.

"Yeah...I am fine." Steve mumbled as he fingered the window down button on the car door.

"Come on man its no big deal. You remember that time I caught you and Tiffany Watson our senior year?" John said as he bumped his fist on Steve's right arm.

"Yeah!" Steve giggled as he thought back to the that night.

"Dude she was sucking your cock like no tomorrow and I walked right in as she took your load right in the face!" John laughed as he watched his friend for the third time get beat red.

"She had no idea you saw, still doesn't to this day!" Steve said with a laughed.

"Wait...really? You never told her?" John said shocked at the revelation.

"No! I never had the heart to tell her that you saw!" Steve giggled as he looked down to his jeans.

"So stop worrying about it, I promise I won't say anything if you wont about today." John said as he reached his hand out to Steve.

"Deal" Steve said taking his hand and giving it a hard shake. "Now lets get a drink I need one!" Steve said as he opened the car door stepping out.

John watched him get out of the car and was shocked to see a bulge in Steve's jeans. John shook his head and

just convinced himself that it was a trick of the light or his jeans had bunched up. Climbing out of the car they walked to the their favorite afternoon hang out. It was a old restaurant that severed drinks with most of their meals. The menu was basic American cuisine, but it was quiet and usually not that busy in the afternoon.

They took a seat at the booth in the back, and Steve excused himself to go to the bathroom. John flipped through the menu, but he already knew what he wanted. As he set the menu down he felt his vibrate once which indicated a new text message. Flipping it open he saw it was a message from Candy it read.

"Love breakfast, want some dinner tonight, my place, 8pm, I will bring desert!" John giggled at the text and responded with

"Cool will do, cant wait to see you tonight. " He snapped the phone closed and was about to place it in his pocket when it vibrated again. Flipping it open he saw another message it read

"I am so wet! and its all your fault! :P"

John responded with "Yeah well I am really really hard and its all your fault! :P" He waited a couple of minutes and then he watched as another message appeared from her

"Bring that with you later too! <3 U!"

John stopped as he read the last part of the message again. He was stunned, he didn't know what to say. Did she see what he was feeling that morning. With a shaking hand he responded with "<3 U too!" He waited for an answer for several minutes but nothing came. Steve had returned to booth and looked at him with a concerned look on his face.

"Hey bro? Whats up?" Steve asked

"I think I love her..."John replied as he flipped the phone closed. Steve laughed hard as the waitresses arrived to take their order.