 The music was loud and the party was in full swing when he arrived. The band was setup in the house's large living room and they were busy belting out tunes for all to hear. The house was packed, ghosts, goblins, witches, a devil or two, a killer clown and the occasional princess. Yes, all manner of costume-clad people were thronging through the house. The informal dance floor in front of the band was packed with people gyrating to the music. He wandered around visiting, drinking, eating and dancing for most of the evening, in general having a good time.

It was 11:30 when he spotted her. She was clad in an incredible black cat costume that looked like it had been sprayed on. Only her nose and lips were visible through the cat mask the covered her face. The skimpy costume barely covered her breasts, her legs were bare and on her feet she wore a pair of black high-heeled shoes. She moved with all the grace and agility of the cat whose costume she wore. She saw him staring at her and she raised a finger and beckoning him to her on the dance floor. She smiled as he approached and she draped her hands around his neck when he came to her. She didn't say a word just began dancing, seductively against him. He placed his hands on her hips and began to move with her. He could feel the heat of her body and his cock responded as she thrust her pelvis against him.

She raised her lips to him for a kiss, a seductive move that he could not resist. Their lips met, parted and their tongues entwined. It was all happening so fast; his head begin to spin as he inhaled her scent, smelling slightly of cinnamon. They danced close, her body rubbing sinuously against him. His cock was raging and she teased him rubbing her mons back and forth against him. The music stop and they kissed deeply again. Who was this erotic beauty he thought to himself. He had never met anyone like her before.

She pulled him off the dance floor and she headed up the stairs, pausing at the top of the landing to back sure he was following her. He was, he could not resist. She beckoned him again and he raced up the stairs to catch her. At the top he just caught a glimpse of her disappearing into a room at the end of the hall. He followed and she leaped on him as he entered the room. He took her whole weight as she wrapped her legs around his waist, her arms around his neck and captured his mouth with her own.

"Fuck me nowwww," she hissed in his ear. She dropped to the floor and pushed him towards a couch. They stared eye to eye as her hands darted down unzipped and dropped his pants so fast he hardly realized what was going on. She took his throbbing member in his hand and squeezed, he groaned loud feeling the heat and pressure of her hand. He slipped his hand down to her pussy and pressed hard and it was her turn to moan. He searched with his fingers and found her costume snapped underneath, with a deft movement her costume was undone and his fingers were exploring her hot, wet pussy.

She cried out as he thrust a finger inside her and she pushed him back on to the couch, his cock sticking obscenely into the air. She straddled him staring deep into his eyes. Their lips met again in a passionate kiss and he felt her lower herself down to his cock pausing as the head of his cock made contact with her pussy. She wrapped her arms around his neck again, as her lips moved wetly against his own she drove herself down, impaling her hot cunt on his throbbing cock. They groaned together. He could not believe how hot she was as her pussy enveloped and milked his member.

He drove his hips up to meet each of her driving thrusts. She hissed in his hear, "Yesss, Yesss, drive your cock into me, fuck me, fuck me fuck meeeeeee! Make me cummmmm!" His hands moved to her breasts, pulling her costume down and take each one in his hands. He cupped them, feeling them, squeezing and pinching her rock hard nipples. She cried out and moved even faster up and down on his shaft. He broke their kiss and fastened his mouth on one swollen nipple, sucking hard on it like a piece of candy. She screamed out and pulled his head hard against her breast. He continued to suck on it as she screamed out her pleasure.

The friction on his cock was immense and he rolled her over so she was on knees her naked ass in the air. He slammed his cock into her in a single thrust.

"God yesssss, don't stop, don't stop, fuck me, make me cummmmmm!" she groaned at him. Stopping was no longer an option. He reached around and held and squeezed her breasts as he pounded his throbbing shaft into her tight, open pussy. Faster and harder until he felt her bear down hard on him, screaming out as her body bucked and thrust against him, her cum crashing through her body. As she milked his cock through her cum he felt his balls tighten and his orgasm slam through his body as he filled her cunt with jet after jet of hot, milky cum. He almost passed out as he collapsed on to her. He closed his eyes as he held her close. He felt her get up and plant a kiss on his lips.

"Just wait till next year," she whispered in his ear.

"Next year?" he asked. But there was no answer. He opened his eyes and she was already gone. He glanced around bewildered. After a few minutes he pulled himself together and went downstairs in search of his exotic beauty. He searched every room until only he and the host, Rick were left.

"Rick, do you know who that woman in the black cat costume was?"

Rick gave him a puzzled look. "I didn't see anyone dressed like that," Rick responded. "I took pictures of everyone that came in tonight. The only black cat around here is Moxie, and she only just came out of hiding." Rick pointed to a chair nearby, there on the back sat Moxie, primly cleaning herself. He stared at the cat for a moment and he swore that when Rick turned his back that Moxie gave him a grin and wink.

"Nah, it couldn't be," he thought "could it?"