 Duncan Cyrus, age 20, Professor Carmichael 

Being an undergrad can be a very good learning experience depending on the student. To be honest, my goal at first coming to the University of USA, which they literally made in of the USA's center point, which is Lebanon, KS. It's actually a first of its kind really. It's only been up and running for a decade but it has grown exponentially since. It has a small sports program which is more centered around special interest types. This will take a while so I'll just add tidbits of information every now and again in my entries. So, keep this in mind, my university is a mixture of a traditional and trade school perspective. 

So, back to my life as an undergrad. I came here solely to learn, make the A's, and graduate with some type of honor. So I entered about three organizations that are based on academic excellence. One of them happened to be a math-focused organization. They do research and the like to see how math can be interpreted in any form of life. Achievements such as figuring out God and among other mysteries. The leader of our chapter was Ms. Carmichael, also my college calculus professor. Ms. Carmichael, or Regina, is a thick, wide-hipped African American, age 41. She always wore her hair either in braids or straight. She had deep chocolate skin and a very mature, pretty face. I loved watching her teach the class that only held about fifteen students at the time. 

One day after class she held me up in order to discuss business about an upcoming meeting. I told her I was coming but I wouldn't be able to stay long due to homework and tests. The meeting was over the same ole stuff about our own findings and research, and who is the best to send to conference. There was usually two other people arguing about who is the best. My research was the use of pi and the skeleton key for decoding. In laymen terms, your shit ain't safe anymore. I left early like I said but Professor Carmichael came running when I left the building. She said she wanted to meet me later on in order to discuss possibly sending me to a conference. I accepted, mostly to just hurry up and finish my work. I gave her my address without thinking, but she did email me that she was coming over. 

When she arrived I was in my pj's, shorts and a shirt. I don't wear drawls. She was in some type of business attire. I'm a bit taller than she was and she stared longer than necessary. I guided her to my dining table where I handle business. Yes, I had areas that only were for certain things. She talked and talked about the conference. I was still not done with my homework and studying so I was just agreeing. That and staring off into her cleavage. 

I asked her if she wanted anything to drink. She said no and I got me a juice. I hadn't eaten yet but I wasn't hungry. I got bold and asked her could she remove her jacket. Surprisingly she complied and then I asked for her shirt. She looked at me and asked why and I told her that she looks pretty. I took off my shirt to show her what I was working with. Her eyes got big and she immediately started taking off her shirt. She had quite the chest. I walked up to her and took her skirt off. She undid her bra and then I took off her panties. She left her glasses and heels on. I believe she had on some accessories. I finally got nude myself and asked what her favorite position was. She liked anal, religiously. Didn't surprise me, but that was my first time giving it anally. 

I told her to go the couch and spread her legs. She reclined on her back and I pulled her over an arm to get a better angle. Don't ask why I did, I just figured it would work. I spit into my hand and rubbed the saliva on it for lube. She watched me with anticipation. After this I kept a steady supply of the stuff. I like to be efficient, sufficient, and proficient. Anyway, I touched her hole with my tip and she giggled. Guessing it tickled. I was able to get my head in, she somewhat winced. So I stopped with that distance and moved back and forth. 

For a person who loves anal she definitely can't take much. I was getting a bit bored with the small repetitive motions that I started tweaking her nipples. Now it was getting fun. I pulled her breasts up by her nips and that made her even more wet. I was able to get a bit more in and she began to ask for more and grunt some. So, I tried another spot, the clitoris. She wiggled a lot, and her muscles began clamping on my penis. A little more again. Sounds like a game huh? 

I put three fingers into her pussy and rocked her world for a few minutes. She had squirted some which just added more lube. About half an inch more engorged into her. I'm about half way in now. Ok it might get weird here. I tickled her while I fucked her ass. I mostly did it to her feet. She opened up and swallowed my dick. It felt good going to hilt in my professor's asshole. I abandoned all the other playful crap and just grudgingly fucked her. She told me to choke her, another first for me. I complied quickly. She enjoyed it and that made my dick feel so good, and my cum built up quicker than I anticipated. 

I pulled out and there was a popping sound. I shot my load onto her stomach. She came from her ass because there was cream on my rod. I left to wash up and she joined me inside the tub. She cleaned me with soap and then she sucked me. I came once again and into her mouth. She spat it out and it ran down the drain. After I cleaned her up she brushed her teeth. She put her clothes on, and very professionally situated her garb. I was amazed at how well she composed herself. I walked her to the door. She told she looked forward to going to the conference together and spend a day or two alone with each other. I smiled and kissed her cheek. Yes, I fucked my way into a conference without me being aware of it.