 Duncan Cyrus, age 22, Pizza Delivery 

Ever since I graduated I made it a personal mission of sorts to reinvent Friday evenings. When I was a child my parents would buy me a pizza or a hamburger meal, or nachos. Kinda like a reward for making it through the week. Also, I get to rent games and such. So I brought that back. 

That night I decided to order a bacon and mushroom pizza. At first I was thinking Chinese. Get my usual General Tso's pork and shrimp. I had rented a couple of easy games to beat over the weekend. The type that are good for a quick stimulation fix. I had cleaned up my place and taken my shower before it got there. 

I was waiting by playing video games and texting back my date for the next night when the door rang. I had yelled out to have him or her wait a second so I could get my money. I opened the door and she was an interesting sight. The obvious feature was that she was plump and shapely. It was still decently warm for the ending summer season. She wore the company polo shirt and it looked rather stained. She must've been cooking or handling the food. Just a couple of splotches here and there. It was tucked into her not-so-conservative shorts. They were black and if she bent low enough they would show cheeks. She even wore the company baseball cap. 

She told me a couple of times the amount before I automatically brought myself back from my staring stupor. Then I remembered I had came to the door with my shirt off. I wasn't trying to seduce anyone. I was still sweating from the shower and I kept my shirt off to cool off faster. I gave her the money and told her to keep the change. 

I was closing the door when she called out to use my bathroom. The brunette really asked me this. I asked had she done that before and she replied with a yes. I told her sure and guided her to the bathroom. I showed her where the cleaning utensils were. She was surprised that my bathroom was so female accommodating. It may get a little more expensive, but worth it when cleanliness is necessary. 

I sat at my table and began to eat. She took about twenty minutes before she came out. I had only eaten two slices. I eat slowly when I am at home. I was also looking at stuff online for my date the next day. She walked over to me and thanked me for my facilities. I told her no prob and walked her to the door. 

She turned back around and asked if I wanted anything else. I told her it required her to go take a shower. She didn't get it at first, but realized I am one of those types who require a clean body before he takes what he wants. She called her job to let them know she did her last delivery and had her co-worker clock out for her. I wouldn't trust someone with that task, but I suppose sex will cloud such judgment. 

She went back into bathroom and washed up. I put my pizza in the refrigerator. I had gotten back to texting my date and then she began sexting me. I'm pretty good at that game. The pizza girl came from the bathroom in her towel only. Her hair was still wet but that just meant I could pull even harder. 

I told her to give me mouth service. She obliged without complaint. She had nice technique. She worshipped Black dick genuinely. She two-handed my rod and sucked for dear life. Her body was a decent, pinkish hue. Still was a little wet but fine because it made her glisten. She was ready because she had started to drip from her naughty triangle on my floor. 

I put her in doggy style and grabbed her hair. I rode that ass with full intentions of making it sore in the morning. My date was still sexting me; so I used my right hand to text her what I was doing. She thought I was joking until I sent a pic of my dick going into the pizza girl's anus. She requested it. It didn't stop my intentions either. 

The pizza girl wanted a better angle so she got onto all fours and raised that butt in the air. Perfect for me because that means I could froggy her easily. I still grabbed her hair and raised her face up. She yelled with a satisfied laughter as I pounded her ass with more intensity. 

I had to answer a text my date sent. She sent me a pic of herself masturbating. I told her to send a vid of her doing herself from behind. She complied by FaceTiming me. My phone was silent so my ass-slave couldn't hear. I was looking at them both getting more of my fair share of rocks off. 

I was ready to cum and told her to suck my dick. She sucked only on the tip with some smacking and I squirted in her mouth. She washed my stick using her whole mouth after that. I told her to go wash up. I sat back onto the couch to watch my date finish herself off. It was nice watching her quiver in that state. My pizza delivery girl came back out and began again to service my member. It was a long night of special delivery.