 Duncan Cyrus, age 27, The Day: Night 

8 pm - before my "get together" I had to get my car. Luckily I received some sort of coupon or won some type of prize that allowed me pay only a fraction of the original cost was to fix my car. Trust me, getting that type of price is worth it. My little rendezvous is at a small club. I had gone online for a date for the night. I figured I deserved it. 

The place required you to dress formally. Tucked in shirt, slacks, dress shoes, a classy joint so to speak. And you had to present identification that said you are 25 and up. My date was a 37 year old single mom. On her profile she said she weighed 200 plus, size 20, bottom heavy, and medium sized chest. She suggested the place because she was already going and just wanted a date. I accepted because I had nothing else to do. That and her golden chocolate skin tone had nothing to do with it either. 

I arrived at the place and she wore a form fitting black dress and her hair in a ponytail. She was shorter than me by far but that was ok. I paid our way inside and pulled out her seat for her to sit in. The place was known for its jazz and blues performances. Every weekend night it is sold out. Once we sat down we didn't talk. We watched the bands play and the singers voice theirs souls. 

During those two wonderful hours we had moved to the back for more privacy. I sat behind her and fondled her chest in the lowest light. I tried to go with the rhythm of the bands. I peeked over to see her facial expressions and she shad spread her legs and was rubbing her snatch through her thong. I wanted a piece of that action so I reached around with my right hand and helped her out. With her own right hand she rubbed my face in satisfaction. 

She finally had enough of the playing and she turned to my crotch and unbuckled and unzipped me. She brought out my dick that was hard as hell. She sat down on my penis slowly, reversed cowgirl. She started with a nice slow grind pretending to be dancing with the music. When she started hopping up and down more furiously her cheeks banged into my abs. Whomever was close to us had to know what was going on. 

I didn't know how she knew I was cumming but she got up and squeezed my juice from my penis. She made it seep out instead of shoot. She looked me dead in my eyes all cat like. We finished out the live music and then went our separate ways after a long good night kiss. 

I remembered I had to meet up with the waitress. I texted her and she practically demanded I come over and give it to her. I got into my car and drove to the address. I got out and did the best I could with my clothes. Instead, I took off my shirt and kept my under shirt on. I tightened up my belt a bit, dusted off my shoes, and cleaned my glasses. I rang the doorbell and she answered in boy shorts and a tank. She groped my jewels, kissed me with the wildness of madwoman, and pulled me in. It was a decently long night into the morning. Perfect.