 I realize that it has been a few years since I promised this sequel, and I do apologize. I hope that you enjoy.

*****

Pulling into the drive, Terry shook her blond head, trying to clear away the last of the cobwebs still clogging her thinking. Her mind ran back over the events the events of earlier in the evening, strange as they were, but only disjointed images came back to her. Images of a raven haired goddess, a cat with weird golden eyes, and of her naked body intertwined with Linda, her honey colored hair and Linda's black hair intermingling. As the mental images formed, another wave of pure desire shot through her and, without realizing she was doing it, Terry had slipped her hand under the waistband of her slacks and into her panties to stroke her clit. Within seconds, she was clutching at the steering wheel with her other hand, leaning on it as with the other, she made herself come. This was no soft and gentle climax, but one that was hard, fast, and brutal in it's intensity. She couldn't moan, but could only gasp as the orgasm poured through her and hammered her senses. Just as hard as it hit, though, suddenly it was over and her sweat covered forehead was leaning on the cool steering wheel. Remembering where she was, Terry's head shot up and she quickly pulled her hand from her panties. She looked around to make sure that no one could see her in the dark and opened the door, only reaching back to snatch the little bag marked, "Gift of Bastet".

Getting out, the first thing she noticed was her legs were unsteady and she had to hold onto the car for a moment before she could walk to the front door. The house was still dark as her husband hadn't gotten home from a late meeting yet. Opening the door, she flipped on the light and dropped her keys on the small table. Bypassing everything else, she headed straight for the bedroom. Terry figured she had a little while before Matt would get home, and she couldn't wait to show him the new lingerie. She was most eager to to see if it had the same effect on him as it did on her. She threw the bag onto the bed and began pulling her clothes off, throwing them into the hamper. Once nude, she strode into the bathroom and turned on the shower. While she waited for the water to heat up, she studied her naked form in the mirror. She hefted her full breasts and let her thumb stroke over the light brown nipples. Her eyes trailed lower and took in her waist flaring out to her hips. The junction between her thighs was bare from weekly trips to the salon. The though came to her that she had never really truly appreciated the beauty of the female form.

Heaving a great sigh, she stepped into the shower, letting the hot water sluice over her. Grabbing the soap, she lathered up the washcloth and began to run it over her heated skin. As sensitive as she was, Terry almost instantly felt the tugs of desire again, but steeled herself to finish up washing. At least, that is, until she slipped the washcloth between her legs and made contact with her swollen lips. The low, smoldering that was her sexual need flashed over into a wild fire burning her to the core. Her breath skittered for a moment and she simply let the cloth drop, her fingers soft on her vulva. She slipped them past her lips and up inside her while the other hand reached up to grasp the top of the shower door. With one finger inside of her, she moved her thumb around so that it covered her clit, rubbing it back and forth. Gasping again, she was able to quickly propel herself up and over the edge. The orgasm this time wasn't as hard as in the driveway, but no less intense. 

Her mind swam as the waves thundered through her blood. Soon, her legs gave out and she let go of the door, collapsing to the floor of the shower. Still manipulating her button and stroking her finger in and out, even as she palmed her breasts, tweaking the nipples. The water poured over her as she rode from climax to climax. When she couldn't take it any longer, she let her hand drop from between her thighs and away from her breasts. As she lay there trying to catch her breath, she realized the water had become lukewarm and was rapidly descending towards cold. Hauling herself up on legs made of rubber, she managed to turn the shower off and reached out to grab a towel.

Quickly drying herself off, Terry stumbled back into the bedroom, the fog in her brain lessening by degrees until she looked at the bed. She knew that Matt had not gotten home yet, but something was definitely different. The bag from "Gift of Bastet" was gone, and the lingerie was laid out on the bed. She mused that it must be some left over magic from the store. It was only the that she realized Linda must included a little extra in the bag. The teddy and matching panties were laid out on the bed, but now there was a pair of thigh high stocking accompanying them as well. She looked around for a second before the fog threatened to cloud her thinking again, and she decided to simply add it up to the weirdness of the evening.

Looking at the clock, she figured that she had a few minutes before her husband was going to be home and set out to make sure that things were ready for him. She slipped the lingerie on marveling at how soft it felt against her skin, at how the sheer black stockings slid up her legs, and the utter sensuality of it all. Realizing that if she gave into her urges, she would never get anything done, she pushed down her desires for the moment. She padded around the room, dimming the lights, pulling on a pair of strappy high heels, and turning the bed down. She was just lighting the incense when she heard the front door open and a masculine voice call her name. She responded by telling him she was in the bedroom, and her body responded with a fresh flow of heat.

When the door to the bedroom opened and Matt stepped inside, his eyes widened slightly with the sight before him. Almost as in a daze, he moved towards Terry, pulling on his tie. She met him in the middle of the room, watching his eyes roam over her body. Taking in the sheer nothing she was almost wearing, and saw the desire flame in his eye. An desperate hunger came over her at the same time, her nipples popping out to hardened points and her belly tightening. With little warning, he reached out to grab her by the shoulders, dragging her body against him and capturing her mouth with his. The fire and need for him spiked and, as their lips opened to allow their tongues to intertwine, she slipped her hands under his sports coat and ripped his shirt open. The buttons popped off and flew across the room. Underneath, her nails scraped across the bare skin of his chest as she fought to free the shirt tails from his trousers. She managed to get them free, and them pulled off the shirt and coat, somehow undoing the tie as well, before throwing them all to the floor. Next, she went straight for his belt, unbuckling it and undoing the snap to his trousers. Her hand slithered inside, under the waistband of his boxers to touch the tip of his manhood. A moan tumbled from his throat and across his lips to vibrate on hers. She rubbed the spongy head with the tip of her finger for a couple of strokes before pulling her hand free. The muffled sound of protest from Matt was cut off by her unzipping his trousers and shoving them, along with his shorts, down to the ground. His rock hard shaft jumped free and rubbed along the inside of her thigh.

Breaking the kiss, Terry dropped her head to run her tongue along the length of his chest and down his stomach. Gripping his hips, she pulled him over by the bed and sat on the edge, coming eye to eye with his phallus. His sack hung low and she gently cupped his balls, rolling them in her fingers. She leaned in and swept her tongue around the head before popping it into her mouth with a firm suction. Matt's fingers tangled in her hair and she could tell he was looking down, watching her as she took his entire length in and out of her mouth. She could picture what he saw and another lurch of desire took control of her. Using her free hand, she hiked the edge of the teddy up and slipped her hand under her g-string to play with her clit. She varied speeds as she bobbed up and down on his shaft. He groaned out his appreciation and she kicked up her efforts another notch, feeling his testicles respond, the sack tightening under her fingers.

With a grunt and a sudden motion, he both pulled out of her mouth and pushed her back onto the bed. Kicking completely free of his trousers, he managed to get his shoes and socks off also before dropping to his knees on the floor. With her bottom perched on the edge of the bed, all he had to do was grasp her thighs, part them, and lean in. Matt pulled the crotch of her panties to the side and dove in hungrily. As he swiped his tongue up and down her swollen lips, she raised her head to watch him and one word came to mind to describe everything that had happened so far, magic. That was the only thing that could explain both of their reactions, the sudden need, and lust that flooded through both of them. Then all thought came to screeching halt as his lips and tongue came down on her button. 

On a sudden gasp and buck of her hips, she slammed head on into another orgasm. Her legs rested on his shoulders and her thighs clamped tight around his head. He slid his hands over her hips and used them to steady her wild gyrations, all the while sucking and teasing her into one climax after another. His tongue swept down to explore her canal, extending up inside her as far as he could go, her juices coating his tongue, before he cam back up to concentrate on her clit. He swirled his tongue around her nub. Terry's breath came in short gasps as she rode one crest to the next.

With no warning, Matt pulled away and rose up between her legs, his erection jutting out proudly before him. Standing up, he grabbed her thighs and lifted them, exposing her overheated center. Using one hand, he guided himself to her entrance, the head slipping inside with ease. Forgoing any gentleness, he drove himself all the way in, her velvety walls gripping and pulling at him. She let out a small scream of pleasure and grabbed his forearms as he began to piston in and out of her. The sensations piled up in her head, threatening to drown her, and she gave herself up to it all. She had never experienced this much stimulation, this much sexual excitement, and wished it would never end. One after another, the orgasms rolled through her. Matt dropped one of his hands down and covered her clit with his thumb, and she threw her head back in sheer delight. He toyed with her button for a few minutes before sliding his hand up to cup her breast. He gently, but firmly, rolled the nipple in between his fingers. He pulled almost all of the way out, then slammed himself home. He did this repeatedly, and Terry could feel the vibrations travel through her body from the force of the impacts.

In one rapid motion, he pulled out and flipped her onto her stomach, planting her feet on the floor and spreading them slightly. The sudden emptiness from his sudden withdrawal was quickly replaced as he drove into her from behind. Feet on the floor and bent over the bed, all she could was spread her arms and grip the bed covers, holding on for dear life. His strong hands gripped her hips and the teddy rode high on her waist. Her breasts swayed back and forth as she and her husband strained together. Letting go of the covers with one hand, she slipped it under her body and her middle fingers came down on her clit, rubbing wildly. 

Terry could feel his shaft get thicker inside of her and knew he was going to come soon. With one last deep thrust and a guttural cry, he erupted inside of her. The feeling of him spilling his load and pulsing within her sent her over the edge once more, her orgasm ripping through her. With her head thrown back and eyes closed, entire constellations of stars exploded in her vision. Her body took on a mind of it's own, quaking under the power of her climax. All too soon, it began to taper off and she slipped off his juice covered shaft to collapse on the bed. Taking one trembling step forward, Matt fell onto the bed beside his wife, his lungs taking in great gulps of air. Reaching ot to take her in his arms, he looked down in appreciation at the lingerie she still wore.

"I don't know where you got this from," he said as his fingers danced over the lace of her bodice, "but if you ever want to shop there again, I'll even give you my credit card." She reached up to pull his face in for a deep kiss while, at the same time, she wondered what would happen if he went with her the next time she paid "Gift of Bastet" a visit? Terry decided it would be truly interesting to find out. 

To be continued?