 I walked up to the bar and ordered a double whiskey and cola, paid and tipped the bartender and spun on my stool. The person Cleopatra has sent me there to find wasn't there yet, so I decided to watch the commotion going on behind me. 

There was a hot little red headed girl running the table in a game of pool against a guy with tattoos all up and down his arms. She sank an easy shot and then pointed with her cue at the side pocket and knocked in the eight ball off of a three rail. The dude shook his head in disbelief, pulled his wallet out of his pocket and paid her fifty bucks. 

The guy next to me leaned over and tapped my elbow. "That's the third guy in a row she's beat." He said, with excitement painted all over his face. "Rumor is, she says she'll fuck anyone that can beat her, and the price to play is pretty cheap."

"Really? Does she actually do it? I asked, as I took a long swig of my drink. 

She leaned up against the pool table with her arms crossed under her big old boobies and silently dared anyone to challenge her. 

"Nobody has beat her yet to find out, she's really good." He responded. "It's a pretty sweet gig for her though. In just three games she's taken a hundred and fifty bucks from these thirsty son of bitches."

"What set of rules is she playing by?" I asked. 

"Looks like Valley." He responded. "Call your pocket, straight in."

"Perfect." I said.

I wasn't that great at pool but the little red headed girl played an aggressive style and the best way to counter that in Valley is by playing solid defense, which just so happened to be one of my strengths. Pool was free on Mondays so the balls were just sitting there waiting. I grabbed the triangle and racked them up quickly, then extended my hand.

"I'm Hank." I said. "Pleased to meet you."

She grabbed chalk off of the table and twisted it back and forth on the end of her cue. "Save the pleasantries for after the match. Are you aware of the rules?" 

"Yeah. Valley, right?"

"Yes. But I was talking about the compensation for winning."

"Yeah. I get it."

"Cherry." She said, as she went over to get ready to break.

I avoided any desire to make a crack at her name even though it felt like a softball being served up and ready for me to smash it out of the park. I knew I was going to beat her though and I didn't want to give her any reason to compare me to the rest of the douche bags. For now I was busy watching her move. For the first time I realized that she was playing in stilettos which meant that she was even shorter than it appeared initially. Her thin legs were covered by a tight pair of black jeans which made her ass pop and she wore a sheer black blouse over a white spaghetti strap which read "Virgin" in red letters and finished right above her navel to expose a sterling ring. No wonder no one could beat her, she was a walking distraction. 

She proved she was a decent shot as well as she smashed the cue ball into the other balls, causing them to scatter all across the table and pocketing three solids. This would leave most people with a very easy choice but Cherry proved herself to be smarter than most people as she went after the big ones. With only four solids and seven stripes on the table she had her choice of easy shots all over the place. Four shots later, she had sunk five of her own balls and two of mine accidentally leaving two for each of us and the eight ball off to one side.

It looked like she was was about to finish me with three more shots and walk away with my money while I'd be headed to bed alone. She chalked her cue again and then lined up for an easy shot on the nine in the side. If she hit it softly enough and kissed it just right, she'd have an easy shot on the eleven and then a lot of green but still a gimme for the eight ball. For some odd reason she miscued and the cue ball struck one of my two balls and knocked it in. I only had one ball left on the table but as luck would have it the cue ball was blocked from it by the eight. I had two choices; I could take a risky shot and go for the win or I could play defense. 

My choice to play defense worked like a charm and after she scratched, I had ball in hand for an easy finish. You could've heard a pin drop in that bar right then and every eye in the place was focused on the table wondering if Cherry was about to get popped. You could almost see the questions on everyone's faces. What if she lost? Would she really fuck him? You know some perverts were actually picturing her getting felt up right here on the table. I mean there was already a long stick and more than a couple of balls, the perfect environment for public sex. But no one was prepared for what she did, especially not me.

"You will have to excuse me gentlemen." She said, as she watched the eight ball sink in, then took me by the arm and started to lead me away. "I have business to attend to, but keep your money handy and I will be back soon." That's when I saw him sitting there, James Brown. Not the singer of course but the guy I was looking for when I came here tonight, he was sharing a table with the guy who had tattoos all up and down his arms. Cherry leaned in and kissed me very objectively and it was starting to feel like maybe she had even planned this. We stepped out of the bar and into the motel section of the building.

"I've got a room on the second floor." She said, using her key card to point at the elevator. 

"You know we don't have to do this." I responded. "I was more concerned with learning if you were actually invincible."

"You aren't attracted to me?"

"Of course I am." 

"I need this." She said, as she pushed the up arrow on the elevator. I used to get a dozen or more guys a night who wanted to play. Now that they know I can shoot with the best of them, I've got to beg to get three or four. I have a feeling that when I come back walking bull-legged, smelling like sex and with the taste of your cock still sparkling through my eyes, I'll have to beat them off with a pool cue. 

"So you are using me." 

"And you are going to love every minute of it!" 

The elevator dinged, opened, we walked in, and she punched the number two. It felt awkward, this outrageously beautiful woman just throwing herself at me. There was usually a very simple formula for solving a problem like this: keep your feelings out of it, bone the shit out of her and ask questions later.

I reached over and grabbed her by the crotch, lifting her heels off of the ground and causing her to balance on her tip toes momentarily. Even through the denim, I could feel the warmth of her throbbing little pussy and I knew that soon enough it would be replaced by a gush of fluid.

The elevator dinged again and this time the door opened to let us out. I pushed her against the wall and nibbled gently on her stomach just above her navel. Then I scooped her up off of her feet and headed for the door. She handed me the room key. I swiped it, opened the door and headed in. 

Under different circumstances I would have started this completely different. Cherry is extremely cute and her actions are very funny even when she isn't trying to be. She's one of those girls that you'd want to take home to meet mama even though you probably shouldn't. She knows exactly what she wants and will do what she has to do to get it but she's also filled to the very top with mischief. This wasn't meant to be a first date though, this was an award ceremony. The point wasn't to make her want me. I was here to claim my prize.

I set her on the bed, undid her jeans and began pulling them down. For having such a petite frame, Cherry actually had very nice hips and a gorgeous ass. It took a second to get the black denim over that hump but once I did it was very satisfying. She kicked off her own shoes and wiggled her legs in a hurry to help me rid her of her pants. She had gorgeous legs and a little lacy white thong covering her privates. I pressed my lips between her thighs and wrapped my teeth around her panties. I could feel the moisture soaking into them in a hurry, her scent floating around me as I pulled my head back and exposed her completely shaven, very tan, pussy lips. I used my hands to yank them off the rest of the way as she worked her way out of her blouse. She was completely naked except for the tiny white "Virgin" shirt covering her breasts.

"You look great in leather." She said, as I took off my jacket and tossed it into a chair. She stood up long enough to undo the buttons on my black dress shirt, then she tugged at my belt buckle. It didn't take me long at all to shed my clothes after I saw how passionate Cherry was about this situation. Yes, we were here because of a bet but the desire in her eyes let me know that she was planning on enjoying it completely as well. She ripped her shirt up over her head.

"I'm here to claim my prize." I said, as I picked her up and carried her to the bathroom sink. I set her ass down on the edge of it as I worked my way inside of her. I'm not sure why exactly but I love mirrors during sex. I love the site of passion in people's faces as they fuck. Right now it was my own, serious and concentrating as I worked myself up inside of her. That point where she swallows you up and her lips tighten around your shaft, when both of you go glassy eyed as you stare at each other and you know for the briefest of moments that this is the girl you've spent your whole life looking for and just like the last two dozen times, you finally found her. It gives you that feeling that almost makes you wish you believed in love at least for a second. My hands gripped that dangerous ass and I tried to turn the feelings to lust as I thrusted recklessly inside of her and let my lips and teeth nibble on her breasts. 

Cherry seemed to be enjoying it too. She gripped my shoulders with her hands as her hips ground into me. She definitely wasn't the boring type that guys dread running into in bed. She gave as well as she got. The sad part was, when this was all over, I'd probably get up and walk downstairs, have another drink or twelve and watch other men pay her for the right to play for this very privilege. I couldn't really be mad about it, that's just life. Cherry had found a way to use her body to make an assload of money and a girl with any brains at all would know better than to let love get in the way of that. I couldn't make this last forever but I could make sure to soak up every last drop out of it while it lasted. And while it might be a complete dick move on my part, I'd decided I wasn't going to let her cum this time. 

I pulled out of her, helped her down from the sink and turned her so she was bent over it and I had a beautiful view of that perfect ass. I used one hand to enter her again and the other to trace through her hair and lift her head, so she could stare into the passion in the mirror this time. I banged her hard. There was no love, fluffy bunnies or flowers, just straight fucking from the deepest part of my lust. Eyes peeled to the sight in front of her, mouth open, tongue hanging out, booty bouncing as I smacked it with my free hand and pushed myself balls deep. I could feel the pressure rising, the twitch and tightening in my balls as my body was about to tell Cherry how much we enjoyed her's, enveloping ours. I placed my hands on her ass and clenched down as tightly as I could as a primal type scream escaped my lips and a hot load attempted to bury itself inside of her. I pulled out and gave myself a jerk or two as I sprayed all over her. It was one of those orgasms that's so intense it doesn't seem like it's ever going to stop, one spurt and when you think it's finally done, another and then another. 

"If I had more time I'd let you put it in my butt." Cherry said with a smirk, as she grabbed a towel off the rack and wiped the cum off of her ass. "But there is a lot of money to be made down there tonight." She tossed the towel into the sink, threw on her clothes and headed back out the door without anything but a quick glance at a bottle of perfume.

"Nothing gets them like the fresh smell of sex." She said. 

After she left, it took me a minute to find my bearings and get dressed. I had so much on my mind and yet all I could really think about was Cherry's immaculate body. After I'd finished slipping back into my clothes I look down on the floor and saw her thong twisted up in a knot just under the edge of the bed. I'm generally not a creeper so I wouldn't have kept them normally but Cherry's not a normal girl. 

I picked it up and put it in my pocket and just then my phone vibrated. The text was from Cleopatra and all it said was. "You are going to need to hurry."

I made sure I had everything before I walked out the door. There truly is nothing worse than shutting a motel door when you don't have the key and then realizing there was something in there that you still needed. I went back downstairs and entered the bar just in time to see James Brown scratch on the eight ball in a match against Cherry. I sat down at the bar just as he was reaching for his wallet. Cleopatra sat down next to me and the bartender handed me a drink and gave each of us a shot of tequila. Cleopatra asked him for a pen and wrote on my hand. "Room 241." She said, as she slipped a key into my pants pocket and her hand brushed against my cock which was still sore from the beating it had just taken. 

"We are leaving now. Should be back in an hour or so. Make sure you are in position." She said. "To a life of riches and happiness." She continued, as we raised our shot glasses. Then she headed over to the table where James Brown and the man with tattoos up and down his arms were standing and ready to leave. She hooked her arms into their's and they walked out the front door.