 I really like to travel but not so much for business. Sure, I'm paid to go to great places sometimes, but a lot of the time; I don't see much while I am there. The conferences and meetings have a tendency to bore me to tears. I try to cut out as quickly as possible so at least I can enjoy the city a bit, but whoever scheduled this conference was wise to most of our plans to skip sessions. Maybe, it was because this was the first time one these was held in Toronto or maybe they were afraid no one would brave the weather to come to another one here. One meeting after another after speaker, after forum from 10am until 6pm. I might as well of stayed home and went to work. It’s not as bad as it sounds, the hotel is quite nice and the kitchen makes fabulous chocolate cake.

After the last meeting of the evening, I hurried to the elevator as quick as I could. I wanted to try to see a little of the city tonight. Well at least a little of its nightlife anyway. I got to my room and changed. I slipped into my favorite black satin dress. It was short and hugged every inch of my curves perfectly. It's the kind of dress that a bra and panties are an absolute faux pas. It looks tacky with underwear lines. I slipped into some silk thigh highs and favorite black satin heels. I grabbed my black satin bag, tossed my cards, my key & lipstick in it and I was out the door. I hit the elevator and was out of the hotel and in a car before I could say to the driver, "do you know any good dance clubs in Toronto?"

He took me to a club called the Berlin. He pulled up and told me to have the doorman page the service when I wanted to return. The doorman opened the door and said good evening welcome to Berlin. I walked into the club. The music was pretty good. I couldn't complain. I took a look around and headed towards the bar. I started to get the feeling this was going to be an early night. Lots of men and a few women. I was really looking for a little female companionship tonight. 

I made it to bar and ordered a Long Island. A girl I knew during college got me into drinking those. I looked around at the people dancing. A tall fairly well dressed man walked up next to me an ordered a gin and tonic. He looked me up and down, then smiled. I smiled back hoping he‘d loose interest. I gazed off at sexy brunette dancing off in the distance. He noticed my drink was almost empty. He said, I know this is going to sound like a line, but can I buy you a drink." I laughed and said sure. I ordered another. I talked to him for a few songs. I learned all I needed to know by the time I finished by drink. He had a tan line on his ring finger, but no ring. It's not that I have a problem with cheaters. I have been known to stray every now and then, but come on, I usually tell the person before that I'm involved and this won't get serious. 

Most women don't have a problem, but most men do. Which is odd you would think it would be the other way around. I caught the doorman and asked him to call the service for me. I watched two sexy blondes rubbing up against each other on the dance floor while I waited for my car. I felt myself getting wet. I could almost smell their heat. The doorman touch my arm and I jumped. 

I got back to the hotel a little disappointed. I got to the elevator and stepped on the car. The elevator went one floor up and stopped, a gentleman got on. Very well dressed. He smelled remarkable. He smiled at me as he stepped on to the car and said good evening." I smiled hello. He walked to the back of the elevator and was standing slightly behind me. I heard him gasp a little. I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye and noticed he was eyeing my thighs. I asked him if he was with the conference, he said no. He was here from Montreal and in town for a for a finance meeting. He had a thick French accent. The sound of his voice sent a shiver down my spine directly to my clit. I've always had thing for foreign men. I know it's cliche, but at least the evening might not be a total loss after all. He asked if I was here for the conference. I told him no. I was in town for a meeting as well. He smiled and asked where I was from I told him Chicago. 

Just before my floor I began searching for my key and I made sure I dropped my lipstick from my purse. He quickly bent over and picked it up. I knew he could smell my thick musk. He looked up at me and smiled. He stood up and held it out. I smiled. I removed it from his hand. I made sure my fingers grazed his palm and lingered. The doors opened and I walked out towards my room. I noticed he followed. I was getting wetter with every step. 

I reached my door and I felt his warm breath on my neck. I let go a sigh of pleasure. I slipped the key in the door and stepped inside. He followed and closed the door. He wrapped his arms around me and pressed me against the wall. His kiss was firm and passionate. I could feel my nipples harden as he sent tingles all over my body. I pressed into him. I could feel his hardening cock press back on my thigh. My hands travel down his chest to his belt. I began unbuttoning his pants, as he kissed down my neck. I moaned as his lips traveled. His hands caressed my body. I felt his fingertips on the back my thighs. 

I pushed his trousers down and found what I wanted. He raised me by my thighs and pressed me to the wall. He teased my clit with the head of his cock. He pressed the tip just inside and withdrew again. He continued to play with my clit. I began to shake as I came from his teasing. As my orgasm began to subside, he slowly slid me down the entire length of his cock. I felt every inch as my pussy tightened around him. He moaned deeply as I took all of him in. He slid his cock slowly, deliberately into my drenched pussy. He withdrew to the tip and plunged all the way to the hilt with one movement. He found my nipple with his tongue. He continued to pump my sopping pussy with increasing speed and force. My body began to shutter in time with his as we began to each reach orgasm. I felt his cock explode inside of me. I felt waves of my own orgasm flow over my body. He withdrew from my dripping pussy and wrapped his arms around me.

We moved towards the bathroom. He unzipped my dress and it fell to the floor. I began unbuttoning his shirt. I reached over and turned on the shower. 

He moved close and wrapped his arms around me. His hands began exploring my body. His lips found mine. My fingertips caressed his body. I found his cock and began stroking it back to life. He hardened quickly beneath my fingertips. We stepped into the shower. He turned me around to face the wall. With his hands around my waist, he began kissing my neck and fondling my breasts. His hands slid down my stomach and he began fingering my clit. I arched my back and pressed my ass against his rigid member. He teased my clit with his fingers as I perched my pussy for entering. He pushed the tip into my begging pussy. I rocked backwards trying to push him further inside. He quickly withdrew to taunt me. I wanted him to pound me. I begged him to give it to me. He snickered as he continued to tease me. His fingers contined to explore my clit making me hotter and wetter. I could feel the heat radiating. I pleaded for his cock and with one stroke he gave it to me. I whimpered as I felt his balls smack my clit. He held me tight and hammered me hard. He gave it to me just the way I needed it. Deep and hard. I felt my pussy tighten around his cock like a glove. I felt every inch. I placed my hands on the wall and spread my legs further. I wanted him to have full access to every inch of my body. I wanted to be his sex slave. Anything he wanted to do to me, I would let him. I felt him began to twitch with the beginngs of his orgasm before I knew it his thumb slide over my asshole and before I could protest he slide it in. Every muscle in my body tightened and I felt the orgasm well up inside of me. I began to whimper and scream. He continued to pound my pussy with a force I always desired. I felt a warm blast of cum on my back that sent me over the edge. We rinsed each other off let our hands explorer each other as the water washed over us. We dried off and left the bathroom.

I walked into the bedroom and expect that he was going to dress and leave, I was quite surprised when he asked if I wanted him to stay for awhile longer. I glanced down at his hardening cock. I was excited to see he was ready for more. I have never found a man who could keep up with my desire. 

I sat him down on the bed and fell to my knees in front of him. He ran his fingers through my hair as I took his lovely cock in my mouth. I teased him with my tongue. I took the entire length of his cock into my mouth and wiggled my tongue as I bobbed my head up in town. A little trick I learned from my friend who was an escort. I rubbed my nipples along the shaft of his penis. I knelt down and licked his balls. Gently sucking one into my mouth. I let my nipples rub on his thighs as I swallowed his member. I licked and sucked his dick until it was swollen and purple. 

He bent forward and his hands encircled my waist. He pulled me from my knees onto his cock. I decided to tease him. I rubbed the tip of his cock over the my wet pussy lips. He moaned as he felt my warmth. He wiggled a little trying to throw me off balance & slip all the way in, but I held my balance. I placed just the tip of his dick inside, he placed his hands on my hips firmly and rolled me onto my back and forced his cock deep inside. I shuddered with the sensation.

We contined to make love through the night. I eventually drifted off sleep. When I woke to my alarm, all traces of him were gone as I figured it would be. I hopped in the shower and got ready for the morning's events. I got downstairs to breakfast before the speaker reached the podium. I made a plate of fruit and a crossant with a nice cup of coffee. I sat down as the speaker approached the microphone, I glanced up over my coffeecup. I heard a thick french accent say good morning ladies and gentleman.  It was my well dressed gentlman much to my shock and pleasure. My face felt felt warm. I knew I was blushing alittle. We exchanged smiles and he began the meeting. 

maybe he'll be at the next conference...