 She was sitting at the bar when I walked in. I noticed her particularly because of the row of empty glasses before her. I walked over, sat down on a barstool next to her and glanced across. Damn but this girl was a looker. The body was sheathed in black silk from her designer dress to the sheer stockings. The dress was tight as a second skin, her small breasts and perky nipples creating magical little mounds in the thin material. If she was wearing panties they didn't show where the dress smoothed over the curve of her slim behind. The dress stopped mid thigh but the legs definitely didn't. Encased in black silk they were a legman's dream, shapely, elegant, the feet encased in high-heeled sandals. I raised my eyes to her face and drank in the beautiful profile, the long dark hair, the upturned nose and the cute rosebud mouth. A neat pair of spectacles framed eyes that a man would die for. She was exquisite, but what was she doing in a dive like this? 

She turned her head towards me and smiled. My heart went bang and my cock sprang to life immediately. That smile was one of the sexiest things I'd ever seen. 

"I'm drunk," she said.

"Going by the number of glasses I'm not surprised," I replied. " the big question is why?"

"My boyfriend left me... went to work abroad.. the rat!"

"The guy must be nuts," I said.

That smile came again. The effect started at my toes and worked its way upward. By this time my cock was so hard I thought it was going to burst out of my jeans. She leaned towards me and whispered.

"You wanna screw."

I blinked, cleared my throat and sat wondering if I was hearing things. Had this beautiful woman really asked me to fuck her?

"C'mon, I'm drunk, horny and my boyfriends gone away."

I thought about it...for about 3 seconds. I'm no angel and whether she was drunk or not I wasn't about to pass up this kind of chance. 

"Where?" I asked.

"Follow me," she said getting up and walking towards the door. I went after her, the twitch of that ass as she walked across the room was bewitching. The way she was walking I figured maybe she wasn't as drunk as I thought. At the door she looked over her shoulder and winked.

"Enjoying the view huh," she breathed and laughed softly. That laugh sent shivers of pleasure down my spine.

Once outside the building she went around the back. She stopped and stood with her back to the wall, her legs slightly parted, her pelvis jutting towards me.

"Right here.. right now..I want it...bad," she was moaning softly, her hips making small erotic gyrations, her hands stroking her perfect little breasts.

I dropped to my knees, my hands sliding her dress up over those delicious thighs brushing the tops of her silk stockings. I had been right about the panties. Inches from my face were the delicate folds of her labia framed by the straps of a black satin suspender belt. I buried my face in her pubic hair..breathing in the intoxicating scent of her womanhood. My tongue snaked out, feeling its way between her pussy lips, tasting her sweetness. My hands cupped her ass, pulling her hard onto my questing tongue and I heard her gasp as I found her clitoris. She was wet ...very wet... and tasted like heaven. I explored her thoroughly, my tongue snaking into every nook and cranny, my fingers playing her like a fine musical instrument. She was moaning constantly now..gasping occasionally when I hit a particular hotspot... her juices filling my mouth and running down her inner thighs.

Suddenly she grasped my hair and hauled me upright. Her eyes were slightly wild and her breast was heaving as she pulled my lips to hers, our tongues intertwined, a soft groan escaped her as she tasted herself on my mouth.

"Fuck me ..fuck me now...fuck me hard.." she gasped clawing at my belt.

My trousers fell open and my cock sprang forward, hard as an iron bar. Her legs locked around my hips as I cupped her ass and lifted her onto my aching prick. Her cunt was tight, like a velvet vice, it gripped my manhood, squeezing it and milking it. I drove into her hard and fast pounding her against the wall.. she was making little animal noises of pleasure and lust..gasping, moaning, swearing softly into my ear. I reached up and grasped the front of her dress, tearing it apart I dropped my head to feast on her magnificent little breasts with their engorged nipples. I sensed she was close to climax and judging the moment I rammed two fingers up her ass just as she went over the edge. She came with a long groan rising to a wail.. her pussy spasming around my cock.. her nails digging into the back of my neck as she pulled my face to her breast.

"Oooooh God," she gasped as she subsided from a shattering orgasm. Her legs dropped to the ground and I moved back as she stood upright wobbling slightly. My still hard cock glistened with her juices in the light of a street lamp. She went to her knees taking my cock in her mouth... sliding her lips over my shaft... running her tongue over the head. Then she sucked and I thought my balls were about to explode. This girl was good...no she was expert! She kissed, licked, stroked and sucked until I thought I would lose my mind.

"I'm going to cum," I gasped, stroking her hair. She lifted her head from my cock.

"On my tits...I want you to cum on my tits." She pointed my cock towards her breasts and began to work furiously with her hands both on my cock and balls. I let out a groan as my balls erupted with what felt like gallons of cum. It shot out onto her breast in great white globs.. coating her nipples..splashing onto her chin. She grinned wickedly and began working my cream into her breasts like a lotion.

"Its supposed to be good for the skin," she giggled.

She got up and kissed me softly on the mouth. I could taste my self on her and smell my cum on her breasts. She stepped back and smiled that sexy smile again.

"And now I think you should take me home," she said "we still have lots and lots of things to try!!"