 You’re coming home for lunch today.

It might be because of the long hours you put in yesterday at your bosses black tie benefit, or the way your new secretary seems to bring out the animal in you…or it might be because I traded your ham and cheese on pumpernickel for a pair of my scantiest panties when I packed your lunch.  

Who knows?

But you’re coming home, and I’m ready for you.  I’ve bathed every inch of my body in hot, soapy water, then scrubbed my skin with a stiff brush until it glows with a pearly pink sheen.  No scent.  I want you to smell only me today.  They say that half of the enjoyment in a meal is in the aroma.

Then, after buffing with a thick, white towel, I donned that frilly, French maid’s apron…and nothing else.  You know the one…it was given as a joke on our first anniversary.  Bet you won’t be laughing at it today.  On the other hand, you may not stop smiling for a week.

Then, as a last minute afterthought, I affixed your black bow tie about my bare throat.  Perfect.  Just the right touch of formality and submission.  A sensuous mix of right, and-oh-so-wrong.  

I step now before the mirror and take my measure, astounded at what I see before me.  No housewife here, not anymore.  She’s taken her little PTA butt and flown to higher ground.  What I see in my glass is the reflection of a seductress, a wanton woman for whom there are no limits, no safe havens.

I shake my long hair loose and watch as it flows in auburn profusion down the length of my back.  My nipples struggle to peek that last half inch above the bib of my apron, but don’t quite make it, and the southern edge of my attire hints at a dark crevasse that could only be one thing.

I’m ready.

Silently, I slip down to the kitchen, intending to listen for your car in the driveway.  I can always hear when you arrive…so why did I miss it today?  Instead, I feel your presence long before I hear a sound…sense you before I see the muted flick of your trench coat in the doorway.  I close my eyes, a coiling, liquid hunger building even now between my thighs.

You’re here.  My body tenses and I hear you draw near…closer…closer…an eternity.  Finally, as my composure begins to shatter, I feel the smooth fabric of your suit pressing hard against my naked buttocks…your hands circling beneath my flimsy garment.

You speak not a word, but at once your breath assails my neck, your teeth grazing my flesh.  I gasp as a shiver courses through me.  This isn’t you…this isn’t me.  Who are these people who’ve taken over our well- composed lives?

With slow deliberation, you turn me towards you, lifting me onto the kitchen counter, curling my fingers into the handles of the overhead cabinets as though chaining me helplessly before your gaze.  The look in your eyes is something wild, feral, and it strikes a cord between my thighs.

You tug me forward until my dripping sex lays vulnerable along the very edge of my perch.  I feel your hand exploring my moist recesses, probing my readiness…one finger…two.  I gasp and my grip tightens.  Three fingers, so full…four, and finally as my body screams silently for release…the last.

Your left hand unties the bib of my apron, and my hardened nipples are free at last, pebbled and eagerly pressing against your chest.  Then, in what seems to be a single, fluid motion, you grasp one between your teeth as you thrust your hand deep into my body. 

My startled cry fills the room.  I feel your fist curling against my g-spot (is that what they call it?), and I moan…and then it begins to move.  Your hand pumps repeatedly…in and out…wetting the cuff of your expensive shirt, wetting the counter with the juice of a thousand flowing fantasies.

A scream (mine?), and my knuckles whiten against their shackles.  Shamelessly, I rut against you, needing you…devouring you with my body…and then you pull away, licking my churned offering from your fingertips.

I hang limp and senseless for a moment, steadying myself, finding my strength once again… then slip fluidly to my knees on the floor between your gabardined thighs.  Slowly I calm the trembling of my fingers as I release the buttons of your shirt and strip it from your body.  Your eyes are intense, hungry, and I reach for your belt buckle, dispatching it with a boldness I never thought I had.   Slowly, I slide the zipper downward, for your bulging manhood now demands to be released with an urgency that requires a careful hand.

Your sex springs forward, brushing my cheek in its mad rush to consummate.  I prickle, gooseflesh rising along my naked body.  I have plans for you, my Darling…forbidden plans.  Our black tie affair has just begun.

Fist clenched in my hair, you thrust your hips in my direction and I lick eagerly, lapping at the tiny spurts that even now escape from the hungry mouth of your glistening warrior.  I caress the rounded orbs beneath, rolling and milking them between my fingers until your eyes close and I hear your sighs retreat behind a deep, primal growl.

Then I rise, and taking your hand I lead you into the formal dining room, dominated even now by the heavy. mahogany table that I love so much.  I remove the chair at the head, leaving you standing there while I circle toward the opposite side. 

I pause.  Are you watching?  Could you possibly do anything else?  Then, slowly I drop my apron to the floor and turn, standing with my back toward you, and raise myself until I’m sitting atop its polished surface.  I lay back, nudging closer and closer to your hard, eager body until I am lying at right angles before you, my head dangling from the very edge in an inverted position between your thighs, my warm breath wafting around your pulsating sex.  My eyes strain to adjust as the world spins in upside-down confusion.

You moan in appreciation.  My submission is total, your control consummate.  No holds barred…no limitations…and so we feast.

I feel your left hand capturing the back of my neck, and you press forward, your right thumb momentarily hooking between my lips, opening my mouth to accept your offering.  

You advance until you penetrate the wet circle of my lips…savoring the warm expanse behind my teeth.  The angry, purple head of your tool throbs demandingly against my tongue, filling my mouth with its silken torture.   Your free hand caresses my throat below the knotted fabric of your tie, my collar, stroking as one would a favorite pet… and then you lunge.

Your hardened flesh slips past my barriers, down into the long, straight column of my throat, and I try to gasp.  You pause but for an instant, then groan…a primal prayer for control …then thrust again.  

I can feel the rise and fall of your hand as it rests against my slender passageway.  You fill me…you fill me, over and over.  You fingers caress my throat and I swallow in reflex, my flesh closing about you in a wet, pulsating suction that urges you onward.  You smile, a fierce, hungry look that defines what we’re doing…what we’re feeling, and advance once more.  

Again I feel your fingers stroke the vulnerable expanse of my throat.  You seem to enjoy the feel of your member surging and subsiding, swelling the narrow passage which it travels…laying claim to my body and mind in a way that I’ve never known.

You are close now…so close, and my hot moans fill the space between your thighs.  Your unencumbered hand grasps my right breast, tweaking the nipple until I cry out against the invader that fills my throat.

I gush then…long flowing streams against the mahogany surface.  Will this table ever be the same again?  Will I care?

You reach between my quivering thighs and run your fingers through the flow, anointing my nipples with its liquid opulence.  Then, eyes aglow, you guide my right hand deep between my nether lips and pantomime briefly an intimacy I’ve never shared with anyone.

I blush.  A deep crimson flush rises from the tips of my toes and finds its way along my bulging neckline to capture my glistening eyes.  Do you want me to…?

You do!

We are lost in a place with no rules…no limits…and my directions are clear.  I can do nothing but obey.  Intently, you watch as my hand slides maddeningly between the lips of my foamimg core, my body writhing shamelessly before you.   Your thrusts become more urgent, more demanding… your eyes like hard diamonds set in a sea of lost innocence.  

My abandonment intensifies and my rising cries consume you, vibrating against your trembling tool.  I’m wet, so wet, grinding my slippery buttocks into a swirling pool of my own lust and longing…hungering flesh and hot desire.  

 I can taste you now...so close.  Already your early offerings slide wetly down my throat…heralding the deluge to come.  My body is shaking, my hand quivering at its task.  Your eyes are aglow, and as I feel myself fall over the edge of the universe I hear you moan my name.  

Then I am drowned in a river of heated profusion… buried in a seemingly never-ending flood of thick, salty nectar, seasoned by my own ejaculate cries of unrestrained passion.  The hot, slippery liquid slithers satisfyingly down my throat, filling me…filling the hollows of my body and soul with lustful satisfaction.

You rut once more, shuddering involuntarily, then slump against me, your face flushed and sated.  

Gasping, you withdraw, kissing me gently, your tongue licking at the errant drops that have escaped my lips.  
You then climb atop the table and lay beside my moist and trembling body, drawing me against you…your breath warm and ragged against my breast.  

Once more you wet your hand between my thighs, then begin to trace the crease between my buttocks.  Your fingers begin to probe…deeper…deeper until they find their mark…that tight, virgin portal hidden between my glistening cheeks.  I bury my face against your chest, eyes widening as you begin to thrust.  Your digits, thick and strong, invade my body and I writhe against you, impaled on a stake of living tissue.

You smile.  Then removing my tie you close your lips over the throbbing pulse at the base of my throat. Your fingers retract once more, and you hold me closely, lustful fantasies flooding your eyes.

Another time…another time…

“What are you doing tomorrow for lunch?” you ask with a grin.