 Tonight's event: a black tie gala for the publishing industry. You're being honored as Man of the Year for everything you've contributed to the inner city communities we are involved with. Since this is a special night for us, you've decided to have a little fun to put the spark back into our sex life. The idea is for us to go to the event separately then get together there and take things where they may go, leaving together to head home and continue our fun here.

Did I tell you that you look ravishingly handsome in your black tux? I wish I could let you see what I'll be wearing but since you devised this little evening to be a bit out of the ordinary for us, you'll have to wait to see what I have on until I meet you later on. 

As instructed, I arrive at the gala at 8:30 pm and search you out. You arrived half an hour before me and are now talking with several of the publishing industry's big wigs. You don't see me saunter over to you but I do notice that several heads are turning in my direction. I finally get to you, sidle up beside you, kiss you on the cheek and walk away. As I sashay toward the ladies that have put this event together, you notice that I have on a long, black, slinky dress with a tear drop back that shows off the tattoo near my ass. To accentuate the tattoo for the evening, I've outlined it with silver body glitter- just enough to tease you temptingly and catch the silver shimmer in my dress. 

You immediately rush to my side, grab my hand and introduce yourself to me. I smile alluringly; then I give you my name and turn back to talk to the ladies acting almost as if meeting you didn't faze me. While standing beside me, barely listening to our conversation yet intent on making eye contact with me, you seductively run your hand up and down the bare expanse of my back and lean over to whisper that you are definitely in awe of what I have on, especially since this is the most daring piece of clothing you've ever seen me in. My response is to nibble lightly on your earlobe and excuse myself from the group, grabbing your hand as I walk away.

We make our way back to the gentlemen that you were meeting with and you immediately introduce me as your "date" for the evening. Most of the guys look at you in wonder, as they know that I am your wife, but decide not to say anything to those that don't know. While you are discussing the politics of publishing, I'm playing with the nape of your neck, feeling you tremble with each caress. You return the teasing by taking every opportunity that you can to trace the tattoo with your fingers, turning me on from the touch. In between bits and pieces of your conversation with the guys, you whisper in my ear that seeing my tattoo like this, and me in the dress I have on, is turning you on immensely. You also mention that you can't wait to get me home so you can show me exactly what the sight is doing to you. I continue to tease you by increasing the caress on the nape of your neck and by discreetly nibbling on your earlobes. 

After a few more caresses and whispers from you, you excuse yourself from the men as I tell you that I want to dance. As you hold me in your arms and we sway to the music, I whisper in your ear that I'm not wearing any underwear and touch the bulge I've created in your pants with feather light caresses. I also tell you that I'm so excited with anticipation of later in the evening that my pussy is soaking wet. I invite you to sample just what you've done to me by suggesting that you dip your fingers inside. You decide you want to oblige and dance me to a secluded corner of the floor. Once there, you ever so slightly lift the front of my dress and dip your fingers into my moist honey pot. You taste, then allow me to do the same by offering me your tongue and I suck my wetness off of it like we were drinking a fine champagne.

Wanting our time at the gala to end as quickly as it started, you escort me around the room to say our goodbyes, then usher me out into the star filled midnight sky to the limo that is waiting to take us home. Once we get to the limo, you lean me on the car and grab my ass as you pull me closer to you for a kiss. You caress my lips with your tongue as your hands move up and down my body, drawing me so close to you that I begin to think we are one person. Turning me around to face the car, you continue to caress my body as you place tender kisses along my neck and on my ears. You very gently ease the front of my dress up and touch my tender nub of desire. 

As you play with me, I wiggle my ass so that it rubs you just the right way and to show you how good you're making me feel. You continue to rub my clit, gently easing your fingers inside of me and finger fucking me with immense intensity. I start to moan loudly and you very gingerly back off of me so that you can open the car door to let us inside for more privacy. Inside the limo, we continue our sexual assault on one another as you tell the driver to take us home using the scenic route. 

I quickly get down on my knees and, using hands that are trembling with desire for you, I release your hardness from the confines of your pants. I waste no time kissing the tip of your dick and running my tongue up and down its entire length. You moan slightly as I take your shaft into my mouth and swallow you all the way to the base. Gently running my finger nails on your balls, I suck and swallow your dick like it's my last meal. You let me know that we're nearing home by the tender way you pull me onto your lap and straighten my hair and dress. When we pull into the drive you release me so that I can run into the house without my disheveled appearance being noticed. You thank the driver and tip him generously as is your way, then follow me inside to where you see me standing at the window, back to you, gazing at the gorgeous night sky. You approach me, turn me around, then kiss me. 

After sucking on my tongue for what seems an eternity, you stand me away from you and look me up and down, admiring the view. Just as I start to feel self conscious, you very gently pull me back towards you and kiss me with earth shattering tenderness. At this moment, I am more than overcome with desire for you and make no attempt to hide it. Our clothes vanish in a whirl of kisses and caresses as we move towards our bedroom and tumble onto the four poster bed in the middle of it. You make a move to get on top of me but in a moment of surrender allow me to push you onto your back instead. Once I've made sure you're comfortable, I begin to worship your body. 

I start by lightly kissing the instep of your foot, making my way up your leg. I kiss your lips and your nipples, lingering long enough to gently suck on each one. I kiss your navel then trace a slow trail of kisses down to your dick. I take you into my mouth, nearly swallowing every inch you, bringing you fully erect as I swirl my tongue around the head and listen to you sigh. Next I slide you inside of me and sit completely still, allowing you to enjoy the moist wetness that you created between my thighs. Your eyes never leave mine. Not even as I watch you switch your gaze from my breasts to my lips, which are parted in ecstasy, to my glazed eyes. I pull you inside of me over and over and just when you think I'll let you cum, I stop and sit perfectly still, only moving to kiss your ears and your eyes, then begin moving again- dancing to a melody atop you that only I can hear. 

Minutes turn into hours that seem to stretch into weeks until, bathed in sweat, your head pressed into the pillow as you pull me further onto you, we cum, and our cries of passion envelope us just as completely as the four walls of our room. Satiated and more than satisfied, I roll off of you and position myself in the curve of your arms- once again sexual bliss surrounds us and I fall asleep thinking that there's no place I'd rather be than right here with you.