 When I found out about Leanne's past, I had to resort to blackmail, even if she was my friend's wife.

Usually, it's my wife who likes to hit all of the garage sales. She could spend hours, on a Saturday, driving around, looking for all of the really neat sales. On one particular Saturday, I was driving back from the hardware store, and I noticed a sign for a garage sale. Knowing that I would make some points with my wife, Heather, I stopped to see if they had anything of interest. I don't remember all that was there, because it was like every other sale, a lot of "junk". I was just about to leave when I noticed some videotapes. I did a double take when I actually looked closer. The person was selling three porno tapes. They looked to be in good condition, and he only wanted $2.00 each, so I bought them, and left. While driving home, I glanced at the boxes, as best possible, so I didn't crash. 

Two of the tapes were of fairly popular porn stars. The other tape was an amateur tape, kind of like the ones you can find in the adult video stores. It had some people pictured on the cover, but nothing out of the ordinary. I never got around to watching the tapes for a few days, but when I had time, I chose the amateur tape first, as I was most intrigued with it. It started out with two guys sitting on a couch, stroking their cocks, and a brunette woman was walking toward them to get in on the action. 

The three of them were feeling each other, and really getting into the action, when I first saw the woman's face. She looked just like Leanne, my friend's wife. I dismissed it at first because the woman on the tape looked to be about 19 or 20 years old, and I knew that Leanne was about 30 years old. Leanne also has long blond hair, where the woman on the tape had brunette hair.

I couldn't get over it, though. The more I watched the tape, the more I knew this was Leanne. As I thought about it, I realized that the age thing could work out. The publisher's date on the video box would make the video about 10 years old. The woman I was watching was hot. She had the best legs, and a clean-shaven pussy. She was sitting between the two guys on the couch, and finally got up to finish getting undressed.

As she stripped, I got a cold chill, and my heart beat increased to a rapid rate. I could not believe what I was seeing. The woman on the tape had a tattoo of a rose above her ass, right in the small of her back. Leanne had the same tattoo. I know that, because when I first saw it, it was burned into my mind very vividly. 

Heather and I had been invited over to Greg and Leanne's home for an evening of hot-tubbing. This was about 8 years ago now, as I think about it. Heather and I had been married for two years, and Greg and Leanne had been married about 8 months when we met. We had all gotten to know each other as good friends, since Greg and I were both in the same diesel mechanic course at the trade school. I have always had the desire to get it on with Leanne, but it was never to be. 

Greg and Leanne are fairly religious people. They seem to be the perfect examples in the neighborhood, as to what "good church goers" should be. That evening, we had all enjoyed a light dinner, and then we used the different bedrooms to get into our swimsuits. Both women were in two-piece bikinis that did little to hide anything. Both Greg and I had a difficult time not staring at each other's wife. My wife, Heather, is about 5'6", 115 pounds, with short brown hair. She is hot. We have always had good sex between us. Leanne is 5'7" and about the same weight, but she has long blond hair. Both women are good looking gals, and have never had any problem flirting. That is as far as it ever went though. 

Greg and I often talked about that occasion. Since becoming good friends at school, we have always been open about fantasies and one that we both shared was the desire to have sex with the others wife. Over the years, that was always in our minds, but we never pushed it. Leanne was so religious, that it was actually a bother at times. I could never figure her out. Many times, as we would be visiting with them, she would show a lot of leg. Sometimes she would be in short skirts or dresses, and casually open her legs. Over the last 8 years, this was common. I always thought she was just careless, as she never seemed to notice. Sometimes if she looked at me, I believed I had been caught looking at her panties, but she never let on.

Now, here I was, on a hot summer day, watching this amateur videotape. I was sitting there with a full raging hard-on because I now firmly believed that the woman on the tape is the same Leanne that I have known for over 8 years now. The tattoo was the main give-away. That night of hot-tubbing, years ago, when I first saw that rose tattoo, will ever be burned in my mind. There was no mistake.

After the initial shock of seeing my friend's wife in an amateur porn video, I began to enjoy it and take more notice. I pulled my dick out of my pants and began to stroke it. I was just about to shoot my load when I heard Heather coming down the hall, calling to me. In a split second move, knowing that she was not yet ready to see this kind of information on our friend Leanne, I turned off the VCR. I had not gotten my cock stuffed back into my pants, and I was caught.

Heather walked in on me and smiled. Actually, that was not the first time she caught me stroking the meat. We are pretty open about each other and as I said, we enjoy sex very much. She looked at me and just shook her head as she grinned. I did not need to try to hide what I was doing. Luckily, she did not notice that I had been watching a tape. Heather had just come back from 24-Hour fitness, from her workout. She keeps herself in great shape.

Her hair was still wet from her shower at the club, and she looked sexy enough in her shorts and half tee shirt, to eat. She must have been horny as well, as she wasted no time in dropping to her knees in front of me. As she grabbed my cock, she looked up into my eyes and said, "I'm here just in time, I see". She then lowered her head down over my cock and I could feel her velvet tongue swirling around my cock as she took me in. 

I still had images of Leanne, burning in my mind. I closed my eyes and thought about my friend's wife, while my wife was bobbing up and down on my shaft. She had not been at it very long, when she sensed that I was close to coming. Heather loves to give head and she generally swallows my cum. This was no different, and she jacked me faster as I began to pump shot after shot of hot cum into her mouth. I was so hot. Viewing the video of my friend's wife had heightened my orgasm. Heather was trying to keep up, but let some of my cum leak out of her lips. She knows that I get turned on when I see my cum leaking out of her mouth, and as it happened this time, she let even more come out. 

I was so turned on as I watched Heather's lips and hand become slick with my cum. Even after the spasms wore down, she still licked, sucked and played with my cock. As my cock began to go soft, she looked up at me and smiled. I leaned my head back on the couch and told her, "that was incredible". She just looked at me as she grinned and told me she missed me while she was at the club, and then left to go clean up. I knew I would have to attack her later, in the evening, to even the score. Heather has been great at keeping her pussy well trimmed and shaved. Usually she is shaved everywhere except for a small strip of hair at the top of her cunt. I definitely had plans to go down on her later. We both enjoy that, and I especially like to eat her out clear through several orgasms. 

Meanwhile, I regained my senses and decided that I needed to pay a visit to our friend Leanne. I knew Greg was out of town, since we ended up working at the same company after we graduated from trade school. He was on a service call, out of state, that would last a few days. I decided to head over to Leanne's house the next day when my wife was at a luncheon meeting with some work colleagues. I was in total suspense for the rest of the day. My mind kept wandering. I could not stop thinking about how I had seen Leanne on the videotape, and I was thinking of how I might approach her about it. 

If she were that hot and sexy 10 years ago, why wouldn't she be that way now? That is how I had it figured. I had all of these confusing thoughts in my head. How could she have so freely been in a video like that, and yet, acted totally above reproach for the last 10 years? Hmmm?

My daydreaming was snapped when Heather made a comment during dinner about how spaced-out I seemed to be. I just told her I was a bit tired. She seemed ok with that excuse, but reminded me that I owed her later. I had not forgotten, I said. I told her that I planned on going down on her big-time to get her good for what she did for me earlier. She smiled and her eyes sparkled.

The rest of the evening went fast, and we headed for bed. I did not have to do much to initiate our session of blissful sex. She was hot and ready. We quickly helped each other to get out of any clothing, and made our way to the bed. I had her lay on her stomach and told her to relax. I began a slow, sensual, back rub. Heather melts to everything if she gets a good back rub. My God she is beautiful. Her well toned muscles and soft skin reacted to my touch. Heather's whole body quivered, and she got goose bumps as I traced my fingers down her back. I started at her neck and ears, and moved my hands slowly up and down her back and sides, making sure to just barely brush the sides of her 36C breasts. Each time I moved my hands near her breasts or ass, she moaned.

As I moved lower, to focus on her perfect ass and legs, I could detect her getting moist. She spread her legs a bit, giving me an invitation to move inside her thighs. I gave her a small tease near her moist cunt, with my fingers and she got more goose bumps. 

I moved on down lower, and I kissed her calves and behind her knees. I could smell Heather's female essence and I knew she was enjoying the attention I was paying her during this foreplay. I was pretty worked up by now, so I moved my kisses further up the back of her thighs until I reached her lovely ass. I kept kissing and nibbling her skin as I found her pussy with my right hand. She was very close to an orgasm and I toyed with her clit and outer labia lips. Heather parted her legs wide at this point and I slid two fingers inside her cunt.

Her first orgasm hit her and she was moaning and moving around as I held her in place. I nudged her side and she knowingly rolled over onto her back. She said, "fuck me, please fuck me", but I still wanted to go down on her. I moved quickly into position between her legs. I knew she would not want to be teased anymore, so I lowered my mouth to her waiting cunt. She was very wet and her aroma was intoxicating. I used my tongue to flick her clit and I nibbled on her pussy lips. Heather really likes when I use my lips to gently pull outward on her inner cunt lips and to lick between those and her outer lips.

I used my finger to play insider her at the same time. I had Heather going through some pretty intense orgasms. She tensed up and thrashed around to the point it was hard to hold her. My cock felt like it would bust. As her latest climax subsided, I moved up and positioned the head of my 8-inch cock at the opening of her cunt. In one smooth strike, I was completely inside her, to the hilt. I held this spot momentarily and began long, slow, strokes. I moved in and out of her with a steady rhythm. 

The events of the day had me so charged up, I did not last long, and I felt my orgasm build from deep within. As I neared the climax moment, I pushed in and out of Heather in an increased motion and let loose a load to cum. I released pulse after pulse of cum inside my wife's cunt as she also began to have another orgasm. She was trying to muffle her screams, and I almost couldn't take anymore, as my orgasm was so intense. Cum was leaking out and down between Heather's legs.

As our mutual orgasm slowed down, we both just laid there holing each other. I hugged her tight and told her I loved her very much. Heather had the same words for me and commented on how I always make her feel so good.

At that moment, I actually felt very close to Heather and had a tremendous guilt feeling for thinking so much about Leanne, earlier in the day. I did not feel guilty enough to change my plans though. If Heather ever found out how I have felt about Leanne for all these years, I don't believe she would be all that upset. In fact, we had often talked about general fantasies, but not really on a personal level about people we knew. The only hint from Heather that she might have fantasies about Greg were a few occasions when she had made comments about how hot he looked in his swim suit or how she noticed he had a hard-on in his pants, a few years back.

I remember that time. I knew why Greg had a hard-on. We were all out for dinner together and then back to our house for drinks after, to end the evening. My wife had worn a short skirt, with a split up the side, along with a tight pullover top. Hell, even I was worked up over that. I had been watching Greg. He was sneaking peaks at Heather's legs all night. At the point where Heather had noticed Greg had a bulge in his pants, she had been giving him quite a view up her skirt. I still don't know, to this day, if it was an accident or not, but he got a good look at Heather's lace panties. She was not wearing any pantyhose or stockings, as she was very tanned at that time, and her legs were spectacular bare.

It reminded me of a few of the times the Greg's wife Leanne had allowed me to get a good view here and there. Sometimes, I really believe women know they are doing that, and enjoy the prospect of someone looking up their dress. I finally quite thinking so much and fell asleep, with Heather in my arms. We slept well through the night from our relaxing session of sex. I slept longer than Heather, in the morning. She was already getting out of the shower when I got out of bed. It was a Wednesday, and I was planning to go visit Leanne pretty quick. Heather finished getting ready to go to work and her luncheon later on.

She was dressed really hot, considering the occasion of a lunch meeting. I did not think too much about it at the time. I was just turned on by her. She wore a modest blue skirt, about three inches above the knees, along with a white blouse. She was wearing black stockings and nice high heel shoes. I could smell her sexy perfume and I commented on how hot she was. As always, she liked the compliments and she smiled. We hugged, kissed and said our good-byes.

I finished getting myself ready, wearing my levi jeans and a tee shirt. What can I say? I'm a guy, so I don't care about being too fancy. I did put on a dab of cologne, though. I wondered if I should call Leanne before going to see her, or not. I decided that I should just go there and drop in. She would find it odd for me to come there anyway, since Greg was out of town. 

I resolved that I was ready, and left my home in my pick-up, to head to Leanne's house. As I drove the two miles, I was actually getting pretty nervous. In fact, I wondered if I should go through with this or not. The last time I saw Leanne was just a week before I got my hands on those videotapes. At that time, she was coming by the house to get Heather, to go shopping. She looked as sexy as usual, but I had gotten used to putting it out of my mind, over the years. 

Enough daydreaming. I was just pulling into Leanne's driveway, and my heart was skipping beats. I parked, shut off the engine, and I paused. After one last thought, I decided to go for it. I was just about to get out of the truck when Leanne came out the front door. Evidently, she must have seen me drive up. Half way out of my truck, I was getting horny. She was wearing a short skirt, black in color. It must have been six or seven inches above her knees. She also wore a nice looking blouse, and she was in high heel pumps. She had no stockings, just bare legs. Her normal long blond hair was short. I mean real short. She must have had it cut recently, as it was not quite to her shoulders.

As I approached, she asked what was up, and if I remembered that Greg was out of town? Stumbling for my words, I said I remembered, but that I needed to talk to her about something. She must have sensed my anxiety, or nervousness, and told me to come inside. What is wrong? Oh, I have something I need to talk to you about, and I am a bit on edge about it. We entered the living room as she was letting me know she only had a few minutes. She told me she was headed to an appointment that she had down town, and needed to be there in a half hour. 

The way her living room furniture was placed gave me an advantage, as we ended up sitting kitty-corner from each other, but only a few feet apart. As we sat down, she sat almost sideways in the chair, so as to be able to look at me as we talked. With her very short skirt, she was already giving me an excellent shot of her lace panties. Her eyes never left mine, and like every other time this has happened in the past, she never acted any differently. A game? I didn't know. 

I could feel the bulge in my pants. My levis were tight and accented the outline of my cock, as it strained against the fabric. I noticed that Leanne had a shear, thin bra and her nipples were working against her blouse. She was hot. I was shaking as I started to speak. 

"Leanne, we have know each other for several years". Yes, what is it, she asked? She looked a bit nervous. I had decided on an approach to use, and it was too late to stop now. "Look, Leanne, I want to tell you something, and I don't know how to put it, so I'll just come right out with it". Ok, she said. "I can't quite thinking about you, and as you can see from the huge lump in my pants, you really turn me on." "Oh, Sco - - - Scott." "This is wrong." Wha - wha - what are you saying? At this point, she was visibly shaken. She knew She was alone with me, with her husband out of town. Even though we were good friends, I could see that she was getting a bit shook up. Her mind must have been going a mile a minute. I said, "Leanne, I have wanted to fuck you for eight years." 

I went on to say how hot she looked and that there had been may occasions when I would masterbate while thinking about her. She turned red in the face. "I can't believe you're talking to me like this," she said. "I think it would be best if you leave." Even as she was saying this, she never bothered to shift her body or close her legs. I could swear that she had goose bumps forming on her arms and legs. "Scott, you need to go, please." "This kind of talk is wrong, and we shouldn't be discussing this." What would Heather think, if she knew you were over here like this, she asked? Hmmmm. That is a good question, I said, as I grinned. I didn't seem the least bit concerned, and Leanne was sensing this.

I finally let her off the hook, almost, by asking her a question. I'll leave if you can answer a couple of questions for me, I said. Ok, what questions, she asked? Well, I want to know if you have ever thought of me sexually, in any way, I asked? "Where are you going with this," she asked? Just answer the question, I said. She looked blankly at me, but had a frightened look in her eyes. "Scott, this isn't right, please leave, and we can forget the whole thing. Please leave, and it won't have to hurt our friendship, and Heather won't have to know." Look, I said. I'm not leaving until you give me an honest answer to that question. "Have you ever had the hots for me or fantasized about having sex with me," I asked? 

Ok, I'll answer the question, she said, but don't let my answer change the friendship that Greg and I have with you and Heather. Oh, it won't. "Trust me. Scott, why are you acting so weird?" I finally had to yell at her to get her attention. ANSWER THE FUCKING QUESTION! OK, yes, she said. Yes, what, I asked? "Yes, I have fantasized about you." Ok, are you happy, she asked? I could see she was really rattled, and had a tear forming in the corner of one eye. For a brief moment, I was feeling like an asshole for scaring her. Yes, I am happy, I said. It makes me feel good that you have thought of me in a sexual way. "Why are you doing this, she asked again? She stood up as she asked me that, and she was starting to pace nervously. I stood up and walked up to her.
