 Brian sat at the computer in his home office, trying to focus on work, but not doing a very good job of it. His wife had left for her office several hours earlier and he was taking the opportunity of a quiet Saturday morning at home to catch up on some overdue projects. Unfortunately, his mind kept wandering to thoughts of his new neighbors, or more specifically, his new neighbors teenage daughter.  From a few chats with them, he had learned that her name was Kristen, and she had just turned 18 a few months before. Kristen was taking this summer off before leaving for college in the fall. More importantly, what he’d discovered from his own observations was that Kristen was drop dead gorgeous and she seemed to spend most of her time sunning out by their pool. That was the source of Brian’s distractions. While he and his wife had a very active sex life, nothing managed to set a man’s desires aflame like the site of a nubile, tanned 18-year-old girl prancing around in one of her skimpy bikinis.  Every time Brian saw her, he was struck by how she combined the look of a sweet innocent teenager, with that of an experienced seductress. A look that usually had his head swimming with fantasies of what he would like to do with his nubile teenage neighbor.  With a silent chuckle, Brian shook his head and thought, who was he kidding? While he and his wife took care of themselves and were both attractive people, he was obviously no 20 year old anymore and a girl like this was sure to have no shortage of guys chasing after her. He knew that even if he were ten years younger, she was probably out of his league and he would have to be satisfied with his fantasies as far as his neighbor was concerned.  

Brian was startled from his daydreaming by a loud splash coming from his neighbors yard. Standing to look out of his office window, he spied Kristen emerging from the pool, her body revealed to him like some gorgeous sea nymph rising from the ocean.  Brian’s cock began to swell as Kristen rose from the water.  Brian’s gaze traveled over her body, drinking in the sight of her. Kristen had light brown hair, which hung, wetly to her tan shoulders. Her full red lips looked like they were aching to be kissed. She wore a metallic blue and pink bikini that seemed to caress her full young breasts and as the breeze played across her skin, her nipples hardened and swelled. Kristen’s smooth flat stomach was highlighted by a shiny belly button piercing, which seemed to dance with the warm summer sun reflecting from it. The matching, form fitting bikini bottom accented the swell of her hips and the smooth round cheeks of her firm ass. Brian’s gaze continued down Kristen’s long firm tan thighs, to her smooth strong calves and her dainty and very sexy feet.  His hard-on ached in his shorts as he watched Kristen lie back on one of the pool chaises and begin to coat the swell of her breasts and her firm flat stomach with a glistening coat of oil. Raising each leg in turn, Kristen smoothed languidly smoothed oil into each of her long tan legs.  Watching Kristen’s sensual display drove any sense of reason from Brian’s thoughts and he quickly rushed to the back yard to get a closer look at her. Walking slowly to the shed, Brian grabbed a few tools and set about trimming some of the hedges along the property line closest to Kristen’s house. 

Kristen smiled inwardly, knowing that her neighbor had been checking her out ever since her family had moved into the house next door. She’d been planning her seduction for several weeks now, almost since the first time she’d seen Brian running through the neighborhood on his morning jog. She knew that even as attractive as Brian’s wife was, once she’d set her sites on him, it was only a matter of time before his lust for her overcame reason. Kristen almost laughed out loud at the way he kept trying to check her out without her noticing.  Finally, Brian worked up the courage and as he approached the low fence separating their yards, said “Well hello. Catching some sun I see.”  

Kristen rolled onto her side and responded, “Hi there.”

Brian was mesmerized by the way the oil and perspiration rolled down her smooth tan skin. “So, how are you liking the neighborhood?” he asked.

With a sly smile, Kristen studied Brian and then suddenly asked, “Well are you going to introduce yourself or are you just going to stand there staring at my chest?” 

Brian stuttered with embarrassment as Kristen laughed softly and said, “Come on around through the gate.”  He walked around and coming up to Kristen, still slightly embarrassed, introduced himself. Kristen held out her hand, and recovering himself a bit, Brian quickly bent and softly kissed her hand. “Where is your wife at today? Kristen asked, knowing full well that she had left for the office early that morning and would be gone for several more hours. 

Brian told her and in turn asked, “and where are your parents at?” 

“They've gone to the lake for the weekend leaving me all by myself,” Kristen says coyly. Smiling as she notices Brian’s eyes wandering over her body again. Turning onto her stomach Kristen asks if he’d mind putting some oil on her back? His lips suddenly dry at the thought of touching that warm soft skin; Brian mutters something incoherent in reply. He pours some oil into his hands, and slowly warming it, begins to gently massage it into Kristen’s taut shoulders. Kristen purrs contentedly at the feel of Brian’s strong hands kneading her shoulders.  “Mmmm lower,” she purrs, without looking back at him. Brian’s fingers kneading her shoulders more firmly, he begins to trace his hands lower down her back. With her head turned away from, he takes the opportunity to gaze longingly at Kristen’s sweet firm ass and those long heavenly legs. Kristen sighs softly and growing bolder Brian strokes across her upper back and around to Kristen’s side, almost touching her breasts. His heart racing as he gently unties the string to her bikini top and massages the oil into her now naked back with firm long strokes. Kristen continues to make low contented moans and sighs as Brian’s fingers massage her warm skin. The combination of the smell of the oil and Brian’s strong hands on her bare skin were getting to both of them. Kristen’s hips shifted slightly as she began to squirm with pleasure, and Brian’s semi hard cock grew to its full length, creating an uncomfortable bulge in his shorts. Reaching behind her, Kristen guides Brian’s hands down to her ass. “I think we both know where you really want to be massaging don't we Brian?” she asks. Stifling a low groan, Brian’s trembling hands move down to the sides of her firm ass, massaging her firm ass cheeks through the skintight bikini. Growing bolder, he slips his fingers under the material sliding it between her ass cheeks to give his hands better access to her warm skin. Pouring a generous amount of oil directly onto her ass, Brian slowly massages it into her cheeks and upper thighs. His cock, already hard from the feel of Kristen’s warm brown skin under his hands, becomes painfully erect as his fingers play across and between her legs. Brian continued his massage, tracing his hands down each leg in turn. He was almost panting with lust as Kristen writhed pleasurably beneath his strong touch. Turning over onto her side, her untied bikini top allowing her to display her firm young breasts to Brian’s awestruck gaze. Kristen looks at him and says, “I think we should take this inside don't you agree?” As she says this, her hand slides along his leg up to his bulging cock, giving it a gentle squeeze before beginning to softly stroke it through his shorts. Brian groans at her sensual manipulations of his throbbing cock, eyes glued to Kristen’s hardening nipples, he feels himself quickly building towards orgasm. Kristen was much too skilled a seductress to let her game end so soon and gave a quick squeeze to the head of his cock. This stifled Brian’s pending orgasm before it began, but did nothing to lessen the hardness of his cock, or to ease the throbbing ache that was building in his balls. 

“Well,” Kristen asked? Not trusting him-self to speak, Brian let another groan escape his lips as Kristen continued to manipulate the swollen head of his cock through his shorts.  She could see by the growing wet spot on the front of his shorts that his cock must be drooling for her and this only served to spur her on in her teasing seduction. Brian not trusting himself to speak could only nod in agreement as his eyes continued to devour the beautiful breasts displayed before him. Kristen, still holding Brian’s cock in her slim fingers, stands and pulls him to his feet.  Pressing close against him, she can feel him panting next to her as her hard nipples press into his chest. Brian’s throbbing length pressed between her still stroking hand and her smooth golden abdomen. Almost without thought, his hips began to lightly thrust against her smooth skin, he could feel the heat of her flesh even through his clothes and his breathing was becoming ragged as Kristen skillfully manipulated him, causing his lust for her to grow.  She knew he was well past the point of turning her down, but she was like a cat with a mouse and she enjoyed playing with her newfound toy. Kristen finally released Brian’s member, and turning smoothly from him walked seductively towards the house, her hips swaying in a sensual rhythm, beckoning him to follow. As Brian followed into the house, Kristen could feel the heat of his gaze burning into her ass. As she climbed the stairs to her room, with her firm ripe ass at eye level, it was all Brian could do not to reach out and pull his face between those sweet young cheeks. Her bikini still wedged between her cheeks, leaving two firm round golden brown globes to tease and taunt him with their closeness. Kristen lead Brian into her room, and heading for her bathroom, told him to get comfortable while she took a quick shower.  Purposefully leaving the bathroom door open, she intended to give him a show that he wouldn’t soon forget. 

As he stood watching, Brian unconsciously began to stroke his cock through his shorts while Kristen, turning her back to him, began to slip her bikini bottoms from her hips.  Baring her fine ass to him, she bent at the waist as she pulled them slowly down her long shapely legs.  Brian gasped as he saw her gorgeous ass in its full naked glory for the first time and then gasped again as she bent before him, displaying her sweet young pussy to his lustful gaze. Kristen smiled to herself as she continued her teasing show, turning on the shower and quickly stepping in. Brian is treated to the incredible display, as she soaps her firm young body, caressing her ripe breasts, her fingers strumming across her nipples sending shocks through her body. Knowing Brian would be watching her show, she turned towards him and slowly soaped across her belly to the tops of her thighs.  Spreading her legs slightly, Kristen began sliding her fingers across her lust-swollen lips, occasionally dipping them inside before pulling out to stroke her throbbing clit again. This erotic display was having exactly the affect that Kristen had hoped and Brian was practically squirming where he stood, working up the courage to join her. Kristen was in complete control of this seduction and just as he was about to charge into the bathroom, she turned the water off and stepped out of the shower. Standing naked in her bathroom, droplets of water cascading down her shapely tanned body, “Enjoying the show?” ‘The least you could do is take that cock of yours out for me to see,” she said. Embarrassed to be caught staring at her again, Brian quickly slides his shorts down his legs. Somewhere in the back of his mind a voice screams what are you doing. You’re a married man and you're half naked in your 18-year-old neighbors room staring at her completely naked body, but even as the voice shouts, the rush of blood to his painfully erect cock drowns out any reservations he had. Kristen licks her lips, enjoying the view of Brian stroking his hard cock and enjoying more the frantic condition to which she had driven him. Kristen says,” go lie on the bed on your back and wait for me. I have a couple of things to do first.” Quickly Brain lies down, and props his head on the pillow trying to follow her movements as his excited cock bobs and twitches waiting for you.

Closing the bathroom door Kristen dries herself and changes into a very hot sheer hip length peignoir with matching sheer red panties and then she opens a cabinet and presses record on the VCR, which is connected to a hidden camera in her room pointing directly at her bed. This might come in handy later she thinks to herself and opening the door poses seductively, one hand raised on the door frame, the other resting on her shapely hip. Brian’s jaw hangs open speechless as he drinks in the site of her. He had thought Kristen’s tight young body in her bikini was the sexiest site in the world, but now he sees just how gorgeous his nubile young neighbor can be as his gaze travels slowly up those long shapely legs, to those sheer red panties barely covering the thin strip of hair, across her belly where the jewelry in her belly button glitters in the light with her movements, to those firm ripe breasts now hidden behind the sheer red lingerie. Brian’s cock throbbed with his excitement. Kristen smiled and feels her-self grow wetter as a glistening drop of precum welled up from the head and sat there begging for her to lick it off.  

“Do you want to fuck me Brian?” Kristen asks coyly.

Brian, mesmerized by the seductive rise and fall of Kristen’s firm young breasts, barely registers that she’s spoken. 

With a teasing smile, Kristen asks again, “well, do you want to fuck this tight young body Brian?”

Slowly shaking himself from his daze, “God yes, I’ve never wanted to fuck anyone as much as I want you right now,” Brian answers.

Kristen smiles, knowing the video cam is catching everything Brian says and does. She glides seductively across the floor and upon reaching the bed, bends forward, nuzzling Brian’s throbbing cock.  Brushing her full moist lips against the shaft, she lightly grasps it and begins to rub the sensitive, precum covered head across her lips and against her smooth skin. Brian throws his head back and groans again, hips arching as he’s overwhelmed by the sensations running through his body.  Kristen, sensing how inflamed Brian is, slides slowly up his already perspiring body.  She purrs at the feel of his hard member as it nestles between her full breasts. Brian’s hips are thrusting uncontrollably just at the feel of Kristen’s warm brown skin, caressing his throbbing shaft and the swollen sensitive head of his cock.  Knowing she can push him over the edge at any time, Kristen toys with Brian a bit longer, teasing him with her swaying body. With her warm moist panty’s pressing against his rigid cock, she begins to slowly gyrate her hips against him.  Kristen feels that familiar throbbing in her clit as her teasing seduction of her sexy neighbor causes her pussy to gush in anticipation of the hard cock that’s waiting for her.  Panting with her excitement, Kristen tells Brian to open her top. With trembling fingers, he struggles to untie the dainty red ribbon bow holding her nightie closed.  Finally in frustration, he rips the ties apart, exposing her proud firm breasts to his lustful eyes. His trembling fingers search out Kristen’s hard puckered nipples and lightly begin to strum and tease them.  Kristen throws her head back as electric shocks seem to shot from her nipples straight to her throbbing clit as she grinds her pussy against Brian’s raging hard on.  

“Ah, yes, you love my tits, don’t you Brian?” Kristen gasps.

Brian groans out, “yes, you have the most beautiful tits I’ve ever seen.” 

Kristen smiles at his response, as Brian replaces his fingers with his hot lips and teasing tongue.  Her nipples, already rock hard, begin to throb and ache from his sensual assault.  Losing herself in the pleasure she’s receiving, Kristen wonders just what kind of magic he could work on her pussy, with that long talented tongue. 

With a gasp, Kristen pulls her breasts away from Brian’s hot lips and groans out, “Now, pull my panties aside and give me that hard cock Brian.”

Brian reaches between her legs and slipping his fingers up the leg of Kristen’s sopping pink panties, deftly pulls the aside, revealing her trim swollen pussy lips to his eyes for the first time.  His fingers gently play along the crease, nuzzling between her lips to search out Kristen’s swollen clit.  Kristen grasps Brian’s shaft in her long soft fingers and pushing his hand aside, begins to rub the head against her dripping pussy, teasing her lips apart as she inches it inside.  Brian, out of his mind with lust, tries to thrust his hard cock into Kristen’s warm wet hole, but she has the situation well in hand and countering his desperate thrusts with skillful twitches of her hips, continues to tease his desperate cock.  Looking down, she’s amazed to see the veins of his cock swollen and standing out as if ready to burst and the head had turned that deep purple color showing just how far she’d pushed her neighbors lust.  As Brian desperately began to reach for Kristen’s hips, she let out a deep throaty laugh and plunged her hot pussy down on his straining cock, swallowing it inside her hot moist hole. Giving herself up to the swelling orgasm, Kristen begins to ride Brian’s cock.  Slowly at first, but with mounting intensity as she stares down at her neighbor through lust filled eyes. Brian was barely aware of her as his eyes were locked on her firm breasts as the bounced up and down with each thrust onto his cock. His mind was lost in a cloud of sensation as every nerve in his body seemed to center in his balls and run right up to the swollen head of his cock. 

“Oh yes, that’s so good Brian, fuck me just like that,” Kristen groaned.  “I bet you’ve never had a pussy this tight have you lover, not even your wife can compare to fucking a hot eighteen year old can she?” she panted. 

“God no, you’re so fucking hot,” Brian gasps.

Sensing that he is about to cum, Kristen clamps her tight young pussy down on his throbbing cock, strangling Brian’s welling orgasm deep in his balls.  

“Do you want to cum in me Brian?” she asks. “Do you want to fill this tight young pussy with your cum and feel me milk it from your hard cock?”

Each question was accented by Kristen’s grinding her pussy against Brian’s pelvis, massaging his throbbing shaft inside her tight pussy as her clit was set on fire by the hot fucking she was giving her neighbor.  

“Please, don’t stop, god I’m going to cum soon.” Brian gasped. “God I want to fill that hot pussy so bad, fuck me Kristen, keep on fucking me.” He shouted.

With a satisfied smile, knowing that every word had been caught on tape, Kristen’s hips began gyrating faster and faster, driving them both towards an earth-shattering climax.  Her hands now on his chest, her fingers searched out Brian’s nipples and pinching each one between her long cruel nails, Kristen wailed out with the beginnings of her orgasm.  That was all it took for Brian and his hips began to hammer out of control as a massive climax started deep in his balls and raced up his shaft, exploding from the head into Kristen’s hot tight pussy.  Both of them grunting and groaning with their shared orgasms continued to grind against each other’s body. Kristen’s wails continued as her orgasm wracked through her body, causing her whole body to twitch uncontrollably as the spasms raced from head to toe and back again.  Brian, with his hips arched deep into Kristen’s pussy, continued to shoot stream after stream of hot sticky cum deep into his sexy neighbor.  

Finally, Kristen collapsed on top of Brian; with their bodies in a sweaty tangle as they both tried to recover from their orgasmic bliss. Slowly as they both recovered, Brian looked up at this gorgeous nubile teenager, still straddling his hips, with his softening cock inside her pussy. 
