 Brooke and Tanner go on their honeymoon. This story will go in the category of erotic couplings. It also has elements of exhibitionist behavior and masturbation in it. Please enjoy. 

Ch 7 - Honeymoon, the Good 

I turned off my phone. I was so fucking screwed. I could see the rest of my life laid out in front of me and it wasn't pretty. This man would keep blackmailing me, forcing me into one thing after the other and I could see no end in sight. I didn't expect it would remain simple blow jobs either. He had me over a barrel and he and I both knew it. I didn't know what to do. 

This is something I'd normally talk to my friends about, but at least one of them had betrayed me, and I had no idea who it was. The other people I could normally talk to were my parents, but I was so ashamed of what I'd gotten myself into, I couldn't talk to them either. My husband was the person I had to keep this away from at all costs; but he was also the only person who could end this. If he knew, I couldn't be blackmailed. If Tanner could forgive me, I didn't care who else my blackmailer told. I didn't have an employer and my parents would eventually forgive me. I didn't feel particularly close to Tanner's folks, and if they kept me at arms length, I would get by. Sydney might think it was funny. The only person who I cared about knowing was Tanner. I'd fallen in love with him and could not imagine my life without him in it. 

If not for it happening the day of my wedding, I could almost take the chance and tell him. 

"Here's your latte, Brooke. Two shots just like you asked for." 

I turned and Tanner was standing there holding out my latte. 

"Did you find anything to read?" I asked, taking the beverage. 

"Architectural Digest," Tanner said, holding up the magazine. "I also got a sci-fi novel called 'Age of War' that looked pretty good. Something to read if we have any spare time. I plan to keep you pretty busy." 

I smiled up at him. At least I could have my honeymoon free of interference from my blackmailer. I was so relieved to be leaving the country right now. It would be nice if I never had to return. It gave me some time to think, maybe come up with a plan. 

I started drinking my latte, not wanting to talk right now. It was hard to think as well. My brain was numb. Tanner sat beside me and started thumbing through his magazine. They started boarding our plane, but I asked Tanner to wait a little before we boarded so I could drink more of my latte. He had no problem, we had assigned seats. 

"Are you looking forward to our honeymoon?" Tanner asked, setting his magazine down. 

I took his hand. "Very much, my prince. I can't wait to have you all to myself." And far away from whoever was terrorizing me. 

"You're not unhappy you married me, are you?" 

"No! Why would you say that?" 

"You don't seem very happy. Very pensive and thoughtful and sad, but not very happy." 

"I'm not sad," I said, "though pensive and thoughtful are right up there. It's a very big step we took by getting married. Through sickness and health, good times and bad, till death do us part. I take it all quite seriously." 

"You don't think you'll regret not having more sexual experiences before tying the knot?" Tanner asked. 

I smiled at him. "If last night was any indication, I think my sexual experiences will be just fine. You're all I need and want." Although he might not be all I get. I had to figure out some way to get out of my predicament. 

"I just want you to be happy," Tanner said. 

"Just love me," I said. "Love me no matter what, through thick and thin, and I'll be happy." Please love me no matter what you learn about me, I thought, and maybe I can get through this. 

"We'd better board now," Tanner said, "they're almost done." 

"Yes, of course." I finish off what more of the coffee I can, grab my purse and start for the boarding agent. 

"Wait!" Tanner said, holding up my phone. "You don't want to forget this." 

I held out my hand for the phone. "No, of course not. How thoughtless of me. Thank you." Even touching my phone now made my skin crawl. But it did give me the germ of an idea. If the blackmailer can't get hold of me; he can't order me to do anything. Losing my phone sounded like a wonderful idea. 

The only non-stop flight to St. Lucia from Atlanta was Delta. Everything else was one or more stops. It was surprising to me only one airline flew non-stop to the islands from the busiest airport in the world and how many wanted you to fly to New York or Boston first. A couple flew with a stop in Miami. Any stops at all added hours to the trip, so we chose the Delta flight, which was a Boeing 737-800 with first class seating. Tanner let me have the window seat and he took the aisle. The flight took about four hours. Tanner started reading his book. I sat staring out the window pondering how terrible my life seemed at the moment. Perhaps I should explore the possibility of telling Tanner. The only sure fire way to ending my misery would be if Tanner could forgive me. 

I put my hand on his arm and he looked up from his book. 

"How much do you love me?" I asked. 

"You're uncertain how much I love you already? We just got married." He smiled at me. 

"It's a legitimate question." 

"I love you a bushel and a peck," he said. 

"Seriously. How much?" I asked. 

"What do you want me to answer? I'm not sure I can answer. I love you to the ends of the earth, to the depths of the sea, to the top of the sky. I love you enough to get married and tie myself to you the rest of my life. What and why are you asking me?" 

"If I did something really bad, could you forgive me if I repented of my actions?" 

"Like how bad? Murder someone? Rob a bank?" 

If I could discover who my blackmailer was, murder wasn't out of the question. "Bad like that," I answered. 

He looked deep into my eyes. "I don't know why you're asking me this. Are you planning to murder someone?" 

I couldn't look at him anymore and lowered my eyes. "No. I just need to know if you could forgive me if I did something bad. I want to know how much you love me." 

"I suppose I could forgive you almost anything," Tanner said. 

"Almost anything?" 

"I don't think I could ever forgive you if you were with another man. That would absolutely devastate me." 

My heart sank. Shit! "Why that one thing in particular?" I asked. "I mean, there's an awful lot of really bad things I could do?" 

"I don't think you could do bad things, Brooke. You're the best person I know. I don't know why it would hurt me so bad. It just would. I try to picture you with another person and I this red curtain comes down over my eyes. Maybe it's because you waited all this time to find the one person you love; made me wait even after we decided to get married. To suddenly want to be with someone else makes my blood boil. I can't see straight. I'd want to kill anyone you were with. I might even want to kill you. That's how angry the thought of it makes me. Please, never do anything so stupid." 

"What if I had no choice?" 

"You mean if you were raped?" 

I nodded. Or blackmailed. No choice. 

"If anyone were to rape you, I swear to God I'd kill them." 

Killing them would align with my own desires currently. "But what about me? How would you feel about me afterward?" 

"I don't know. I honestly don't know. Don't get raped and we'll never have to find out." 

"One doesn't choose to be raped," I said, looking for a way out. 

"I know, Brooke. I understand, but I can't tell you how something will make me feel. It's hypothetical. Feelings are complex. No one knows how they're going to feel when something bad happens. I could tell you one thing and might feel totally opposite from what I said when it actually did happen. I never want to find out. I'll say that." 

"Okay." 

"Why all these questions? Why is it so important to you?" 

Because I know something bad is going to happen. It won't be voluntary on my part. Maybe not rape exactly, but knowing how you feel doesn't deliver me from my dilemma. I see myself in the movie; desperately trying to vacuum another man's seed from his balls on my wedding day. You'll never forgive me, Tanner. Never in a million years and no matter how much I will hate myself, I will do anything to keep this secret from you, even if it makes me do a thousand times worse. I'll keep my secret as long as possible, try to enjoy as much time with you as I can, but I'll be dead to you if you ever find out. Why couldn't you just forgive me, Tanner? 

I look up at him again. "No particular reason. I just wanted to know how much you love me." 

He laughed. "Women. Who can figure them out? See. My first answer was the best. I love you a bushel and a peck." He kissed me briefly and returned to his book. 

I wanted to cry. I teared up, but I quickly wiped my eyes. I couldn't cry anymore. Tanner would want to know why I was crying and I had no answer I could give him. I looked out the window. One tear escaped despite my determination not to cry. I felt it trickle down my cheek. It evaporated quickly in the dry air of the plane. I wished I could talk to someone. Who could I trust? I was alone; the most alone I'd ever felt in my life. 

****** 

Sandals is an all inclusive resort. You pay one price and it covers everything, soup to nuts. All the drinks (premium beverages, including alcohol), all the food, golfing, boating, pools, beach, sailing, motor boats, pretty much everything including taxes and gratuities. St. Lucia had three Sandals resorts and you could use any of them as if it were your own; the Halcyon, Regency La Toc, and the Grande St. Lucian, our place. The price included travel between the three resorts, which gave you a choice of 27 different restaurants, 21 bars, 11 pools, 11 whirlpools, 2 golf courses and almost unlimited water activities. 

We had one of the overwater bungalows, with personal butler service provided by a butler trained by the Guild of Professional English Butlers. The bungalow had glass floors with lit sea water so we could see fish swimming beneath us, day and night, an overwater hammock for two, soaking tub, a suspended patio with swim up platform so you could swim in the Caribbean right outside the bungalow. The butler, a woman named Roberta, met us at arrival, arranged for our luggage, private check-in at our suite, cocktails and food refreshments and asked where we'd like to have dinner. She even unpacked our clothes and put them away. Essentially, she was our personal concierge and butler service the whole time we would be there. 

Tanner told her it was our honeymoon and a personal candlelight dinner for two would be our preference this evening. She had the menus of all twenty-seven restaurants on her iPad and asked us to make a choice for a meal. Tanner and I had eaten out often so he knew what I tended to like and dislike. I wasn't a particularly fussy eater, so I let him make the choices for dinner. He ordered from the Italian restaurant, Toscanini's. She escorted us to our room and Tanner ordered a couples massage for tomorrow morning at ten. She gave us a cell phone so we could reach her any time of the day or night. 

The flight had been draining, more so for me given the emotional mess I found myself in, so when Tanner suggested a nice soak in the tub, it sounded like a splendid suggestion. I started to pull out one of my more modest swimsuits from the drawer, but Tanner stopped me. 

"Naked, please, we're on our honeymoon. I want to enjoy the sight of you." 

"Tanner, there's people out there on the water." I pointed to the various water craft in the crystal clear waters a couple hundred yards from our bungalow. 

"They're not close and the tub has high sides. You'll only be visible for a second as you get in. I want you nude." 

I looked out at the water. They were pretty far off. I could see some of the women didn't have tops on, but it wasn't blatantly obvious. 

"Okay, but I'm a little surprised," I said. 

"Why's that?" 

"That you're so adamant about my never being with another man, but you don't mind showing off my nude body to them." 

"What was it you said before I went to the strip club for my bachelor party? Look, but don't touch. You're a beautiful woman. I'm proud of you, that you chose to marry me above all others. Why wouldn't I want to show you off and make every man in the world envious of me." 

"I don't feel that beautiful. I accept my body and figure are pretty good, but I don't like my face, my hair, my nose or my mouth." 

"Nonsense. You're beautiful. All women do this. You're supercritical of some poor feature you think you have and refuse to consider the whole package. You're you. You go together well. If I put some other face on you, you wouldn't be you, you'd be some stranger. I love you, the whole package. Jesus! How many men suffer from anorexia because they think they're too fat? How many men are keeping plastic surgeons in big houses, fancy cars, and boats. If it weren't for women, they'd go out of business. Don't denigrate yourself. I love you as you are." 

"Is that your final word on the subject?" 

He smiled at me. "Yes, now get naked, beautiful." 

I smiled back at him and removed my clothes. Tanner whistled at me when I was naked. 

"Christ, you're beautiful," he said. 

"If you say so," I said. "I'll take your word for it, but only because you're my husband." I quickly snuck out on the deck, slipping into the tub. 

"I'd stack you up against anyone," Tanner said. He grabbed the plushy towels and luxurious robes and hung them by the tub. "For when our meal comes." 

That's right. Someone was bringing our meal tonight. I hoped we were out of the tub by then. 

Tanner climbed into the tub behind me and wrapped his arms around me, holding my breasts. The high sides of the tub did prevent others from seeing him, so I didn't say anything, enjoying his loving touch. I leaned back against him. Occasionally, I'd turn my head and let him kiss me, but for the most part I was content to be still, safe in his arms. 

I was almost dozing when he said, "Masturbate for me." 

Turning to him, I said, "I masturbated for you last night." 

"It was dark and I couldn't see you. I just wanted you to cum with me. I want to watch you now. Watch how you pleasure yourself." 

I looked around. No one was near, no one could see but Tanner. Why not? 

Sliding my right hand down to my kitty, I started rubbing a finger on either side of my clitoris, nice and slow. Tanner began rubbing my breasts harder, more urgently. It felt good, accompanying my fingers. I sighed. I even put my legs over either side of the tub, giving myself more access. Eventually, slow could only go so far. I started rubbing faster, sometimes dipping my fingers in my vagina, then returning to my clit. I could feel Tanner getting hard behind me, his penis pressing against my buttocks. Apparently, I wasn't the only one enjoying this. His hands got rougher, pulling, tugging and twisting my nipples, which both hurt, but felt strangely good. I moaned, rapidly approaching my crest. My bottom was bouncing up and down, getting ever so close, and then it hit me like a ton of bricks. My legs tightened, my butt dangled seven inches above the bottom of the tub as my whole body went stiff and I spiraled into a fabulous orgasm. No sooner did it start then Tanner bodily lifted me up in an amazing display of strength, turned me around and set me on his cock. 

He slid into me like a sharp knife through warm butter. 

"Tanner, we're practically in public," I panted. "What are you doing?" 

"I'm fucking my wife. I don't give a shit. If they want to watch me fuck you, more power to them," he moaned, all the way inside me. 

It was too late to do anything about it now. The deed was done. The only thing I could do was hope not to give away what we were doing. Fat chance of doing that since I was facing him and he was pumping into me by the simple expedient of gripping my ass and bouncing me up and down on his thick, stiff penis. Already highly aroused by my previous orgasm, I climaxed again, not more than two minutes after he started thrusting into me and I stifled my cries of pleasure by biting his shoulder, hard enough to leave tooth marks, though not so hard I broke skin. I climaxed again a short while later, surprised I was this aroused. Perhaps the idea I was making love to Tanner where people might see was giving me a dark, forbidden thrill. I had a fourth orgasm before I felt Tanner's penis swell inside me and a flood of his seed coat the inside of my sheathe. 

I sat there, hugging him, my head on his shoulder, totally sated, when I heard people cheering and clapping loudly. Startled, I turned to look and saw a motor boat less than a hundred yards away, four people, two guys and two topless girls, standing up and waving at us. 

"Well done, man, great show," one of the men said. 

I turned flame red. Tanner shouted back to them, "Thanks." 

"If you can pull that off again in another hour, I'll be over for a ride," one of the women, a blonde, shouted, to the whoops and hollers of her friends. 

"No can do," Tanner yelled back. He held up his hand, showing them his ring. "Just married. I'm taken." 

"Damn straight, he's taken," I hollered, still flushing red. "I waited a long time to find a man like him." 

"Lucky girl," the blonde said. "You looked like you were having a hell of a time." 

"I was," I shouted. "Four times wonderful" I kissed Tanner. "Now go away. Can't you see we're busy." 

They all laughed and I heard the boat start and move away. 

"That wasn't so bad, was it?" Tanner asked. 

"I was mortified they saw us," I said. "I've never been so embarrassed." But I couldn't deny the thrill of it either, though I didn't say that to Tanner. I was in enough trouble the way things were. I didn't need to ask for more. 

Tanner kissed me and got out of the tub, drying off and slipping on a robe. I could see the evidence of our pleasure floating around in the water. I looked around to be sure there weren't other people loitering nearby, then got out of the tub and under the shower to quickly rinse off any of our cum, before drying off and putting on my robe. It was close to six and our food was arriving at six-thirty. Tanner called our butler and she arrived within fifteen minutes, shortly after I'd put on a skirt and blouse and nothing else. 

"Yes, sir." 

"I'd like to get my suit pressed for dinner tomorrow night, and my shoes shined," Tanner said. "Anything for you, honey?" 

"Could I see you for a moment over here, Roberta, please?" I asked. I stepped out onto the patio, Roberta following. 

"Yes, Madame." 

"I'm sorry to bother you, but my husband and I made love in the tub," I whispered. "It probably needs cleaning. I'm sorry." 

"Don't worry, Madame. It frequently happens. People often come here for their honeymoon as you did. I can sanitize it now for you, or the cleaning crew does it every morning." 

"The morning should be fine. Thank you." 

"No thanks necessary, Madame. We pride ourselves on taking care of our guests." She looked around to see where Tanner was and whispered, "You enjoy yourselves to the fullest. He's a handsome man and you're very lucky." 

"I think so too, Roberta. I appreciate that. We will." I smiled at her and she smiled back. She went back into the bungalow. 

"If that will be all, sir," she said taking his suit and shoes, "I'll be off. Your suit and shoes will be returned around the time you have your massage scheduled." 

"Very well, Roberta. Good evening. This should do it for the evening." 

"Yes, sir. Thank you sir. I'll see you tomorrow." 

Our food arrived as Roberta left. She had a few words for the waiter as she departed. 
