 It is 1990, and I am in my first job. I was just 25, had an MBA in Marketing and a PG in IT and had joined this organization run by Mr. Mohan Dass. Mr. Dass was in his mid 50s but was a very shrewed businessman. I was directly under Mr. Dass and was supposed to take care of all his activities with an additional responsibility to handle IT.

It was now more then 3 months and I was handling my job well. Mr. Das was really impressed and had made my job permanent and also gave me a good hike and also a nice place to stay with all facilities. Being a bachelor and with all the facilities I was feeling on top of the world. 

Mr. Dass was going on a 4-week business visit to Europe and US. Mr. Dass assigned me with more responsibilities including finance, as he would be off for 4-weeks. I accepted, as it was a challenge. He called me to his residence a day before he left as he hand to handover some important documents. I reached Mr. Dass's posh residence on dot but Mr. Dass was not there. I had to wait for him in the guest room and here is where I meet Mrs. Dass for the first time!!

I was surprised to notice that Mrs. Dass was very much younger compared to Mr. Dass and was in her Mid 30s. She came in and as I stood she just put a cover containing some official documents and informed me that Mr. Dass had asked her to handover the same to me. I picked up the cover and before I could say anything the lady had vanished!! I understood from my driver that Mrs. Dass was a very arrogant and strong-headed lady and did not care for people in and around her. 

Within an hour I got a call from Mr. Dass and he told me that he would be departing and just wanted to speak to me once. He told me that I was young and I had a lot of responsibility and he was expecting a neat, clean, responsible job from my end during his travel. I promised him that I would do my best and he wished me good luck. 

Five days had passed and things were moving well. It was a Saturday morning and I was getting into my car I got a call on my mobile. It was from Mr. Dass's residence. I picked up and it was Mrs. Dass on-line. She told me that she urgently required Rs.5.0 L. I told her that I would call her back as soon as I reached office. She was pissed with my answer and told me that she wanted the money within an hour, as it was an emergency.

I reached office and informed the cashier and pulled out cash of Rs.5.0 L, signed the voucher and rushed with the money to Mrs. Dass. Mrs. Dass was in her club and was surprised to see her welcome me with a smile. She took the money and thanked me and offered me some coffee. I agreed and as we sipped coffee Mrs. Dass asked me about my family and also about my comfort working with her husband and their organization. This also gave me ample time to have a nice look at Mrs. Dass. 

She must have been in her Mid 30s, around 5.3 or 5.4, fair, very stylish and modern with a decent figure. She cloths revealed enough skin to make my COCK a bit Hard. She had decked up herself with makeup and weird jewels. As I finished my coffee I bid goodbye and was off and back in office. 

I reached home by around 7.00 made myself a drink and as I sipped I started to think about Mrs. Dass. She was an arrogant and a head-strong lady ok, but she was pretty and sexy too. My COCK became Hard thinking about Mrs. Dass. Soon I had my dinner and got some Disturbed sleep with my Erect, Hard, Oozing, thinking about Mrs. Dass.

Monday was as usual. I was in the office by around. 9.00 AM and enough work. By around 4.30 in the afternoon I got a call from the finance manager and he informed me that I had to rush immediately to Mr. Dass's house as the "Madam" had some queries on some of the financial transactions. I reached Mr. Dass's house by 6.30 PM. I was told by the servant that Mrs. Dass was in the backyard and took me to her. 

Mrs. Dass saw and asked me to be seated. She was running through the files for nearly 5-7 minutes and was silent without speaking a word. Even the Finance Manager was silent and we were looking at each other. Suddenly Mrs. Dass threw the file on the table and looked at the finance manager and told him that there is a difference of Rs.500000/-. The manger picked up the file and after duly running through it he told Mrs. Dass with a smile that the Rs.5.0 difference was because I had taken cash of Rs.5.0 L for personal use. I was stunned to hear this. I took the file from the manager and I saw the voucher. I recalled that I had signed to voucher with out filling it as I had full trust on the manager and he had misused it.

I explained to Mrs. Dass that situation and also asked her to recall that I had taken the money from the office and had given the same to her in the club. She was now fuming, 

" How dare you throw the blame on me? When did I ask and when did you give? You have misused and you are now blaming me?? Do you have any proof??" she asked and I had no answer. I was dumbstruck!!

She asked the manager to leave, as she wanted to speak to me in person. The manager left me alone and I was sweating not knowing what to do. She got up from her seat and started to walk around me, "Recall...what did you do with the money??" she asked. I looked at her and she was smiling!! "You know your job is at stake!! Hope you understand" She said. I nodded. 

"Why are you doing this to me?" I asked and she smiled, "What am I doing?? It is you stupidity, which has landed you into this mess. What can I do about it?" she questioned back. She still walked around me as I had buried my face with my palms thinking what to do? I could not get any answer!! 

"Well, is there anything I can do to get out of this mess?" I asked

She suddenly stopped walking and turned towards me with a smile, "That is like a good boy!!" She walked back and sat opposite to me. "Well I have some work for you, if you do it satisfactorily I will see to it that you are out of this mess" She said.

"What do you want me to do?" I asked. "Well... nothing much...I am sure you will love the job I am going to assign you" She said and started to walk into the house asking me to follow her. 

We were now in the first floor and soon we entered a huge room, which I supposed belong to Mrs. Dass. "Just wait here...I will be back" she said and vanished. The room was beautifully furnished and was covered with soft carpet, there was a huge bed, and the room was full of weird flowers and lovely antiques. " Well, do you like my room??" I heard Mrs. Dass asking and I turned around to answer her. I was stunned by seeing Mrs. Dass!!

She was wearing a thin cream color nightie and was totally naked. I could see her breasts, pierced navel and her pussy hair!! She came towards me...she put her arms round my neck "So you like what you are seeing!!??" She questioned. My mouth was dry and I was gasping and did not know what to answer.

"FUCK me Hard, fill me with you COCK, Cover me with you CUM...Fuck my Pussy, Lick my Ass and fill my mouth with your COCK!!" Just do this!! And I will get you out of the mess" she said and pulled me towards her!! 

Before I could say anything she went down on her knees and unzipped my fly and pulled my Hard COCK out... and straight away put it into her mouth!! I moaned and her soft hands started to squeeze my balls and her tongue ran through the length of my COCK!! "WOW...see how Hard, Erect and Long it is" she said as she started to SUCK me. 

After licking my Candy for nearly 10 minutes she came up and before I could say anything she put her lips on mine and we kissed. She tasted salty due to my pre-cum and she slowly started to disrobe me. Soon I was naked and my huge, hard cock was dangling between my legs.

I put my arms around her by her supple, slender waist and pulled her and started to kiss her, first on the lips and then started to move downwards. I squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipple, which were erect. I started to knead her tits and took them in my mouth. I licked her nipples and chewed them and she was moaning and crying...I pulled her erect nipples hard and bit them...I pushed her on the sofa and spread her legs. She had shaved her pussy and had left a tuff of hair just on top...The Pussy was pink and tight...but was WET!!

I slowly parted the pussy lips and touched her wetness and she sent out a loud moan, and soon my fingers started to play with her pussy!! She was moaning and banging her ass on the sofa and slowly I inserted my fingers and started to finger-fuck. She was in such a state of Arousal that she pulled my hand and bit me hard and I started to bleed!! 

As my finger moved in and out she was moaning loudly and squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples!! She suddenly gave a huge cry and soon her pussy sent out gallons of CUM!! This was the first time I saw a lady ejaculate So Much. I took some her Cum and applied over her soft tits and belly!! She pulled my hands and started to lick and taste her CUM and she was still gasping. 

I started to lick her CUM of her tits and belly...her moans continued and soon I buried myself between her legs and started to tongue-fuck her!! Her moans increased and she started to pinch & squeeze her breasts and nipples!! She was soft and wet but was so tight!! I even stared to lick her ass-hole...she was moaning, "I want Your COCK inside...Please" she said

I took my pre-cum oozing COCK and slowly started to insert...she was tight but due to her wetness I slide in quite easily. Soon my COCK was completely en-gulfed by her pussy and I started to move in-and-out. "Harder, Harder" she commanded and I started to Bang...Her moans filled the room...I was squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples as I rammed her pussy!!

"Fuck me harder, deeper...give every inch of you COCK to me...Bang me hard" she cried soon she gave a loud cry and I could feel her CUM gush out...It was too much for me to hold...on hearing my moan she cried, " CUM inside me please..." she and with a few more strokes I Blasted my Hot, Thick, White Lava right inside her pussy...I just kept Cumming and soon my CUM filled her pussy and flowed out...I slowly pulled my Wet, Limp cock out and fell next to her...completely exhausted!! 

I felt Mrs. Dass's tongue over my COCK. She was licking my COCK, which had some mingled CUM of both of us...she cleaned my COCK with her saliva and came up and kissed me... "How are you feeling??" She asked and I smiled back, "mmmm...Get ready fast!!" she commanded, "I want you in my Ass" she said and went down on me again and started to lick and suck my cock and balls...Soon I regained my lost glory. I was become Big, Hard and Erect ready for Action!!

I turned Mrs. Dass over and started to kiss her buttocks...I slowly opened her ass-cheeks, Her ass-hole was tight and pink...I touched it and she moaned...I started to knead her ass-cheeks and lick her tight ass-hole...Her ass-hole was wet with my saliva but still a bit tight...I pulled some lotion which was lying on the table and applied on my COCK and her Ass-hole and slowly started to Drill her Ass...

Inch-by-inch I started to move in and with a few minutes I was completely inside her...tears was running down her cheeks due to pain but she encouraged me to FUCK!! I started to move in-&-out slowly...she was moaning with Pleasure and crying with Pain!! After a few strokes things started to ease out!! She was comfortable and even for me I could feel that it was more, easier and I increased my speed!! I caught her by her waist fucked her hard and her moan and cry filled the room...her hands were squeezing my balls and I was fingering her wet pussy!! She was dripping and the carpet below was sticky and wet...I have a Huge moan and sent out spurts of CUM filling her ass...her ass absorbed every drop and slowly pulled my cock out!! 

After some time I took a shower and wrapped a towel around me. Mrs. Dass joined me with two glasses of whisky and sat on lap and we sipped the scotch. She told me that Mr. Dass had lost his potency and she was completely deprived of Sex and was very much obligated, as I had fulfilled her desire. She tore and threw the voucher and told me that she was very sorry for misusing my loyalty. 

She again started to pay with my COCK. My COCK became hard and erect. She made me lay on the sofa and poured whisky on my cock and started to lick it... She massaged my balls and her tongue moved like a snake all over my erect Manhood. She wrapped her fingers around my COCK and started to move it up and down...she kissed the my COCK-Head and licked the pre-cum what was oozing...After nearly 15 min of mouth fucking I came and she caught come of my CUM in her mouth and some poured out of her small mouth. She licked me clean and we slept in each other's arms. 

This became my daily routine. After office hours I used to meet Mrs. Dass and Fuck her. We fucked in the Car, my apartment, in the garden... This went on for 2 weeks and there were now 3 days left for Mr. Dass's arrival. Mrs. Dass was a bit afraid and I promised not to relieve anything to anybody!!

I remember it was exactly 2 days for Mr. Dass's arrival and I got a courier. I opened this and was stunned to see the content. It had two photographs. One was showing Mrs. Dass sucking my cock and I pouring my CUM onto her and the second one was me fucking her Ass!! There was a letter, which asked me to come to a particular address. As I did not have a choice I reached the address by 7.00 PM. 

What happened there is a completely another episode...wait and watch!!