 Everything went pitch black. I stopped tossing the salad and waited for a moment, thinking the power would flicker back on at any moment. It didn't. I rested my hands on the edge of the kitchen counter and tried to remember the layout of the rooms I had walked through. 

I had decided at the last minute to accompany a friend to small party. There were about a dozen people gathered in the backyard. I didn't know any of them. But in the first few minutes after I arrived, I felt very comfortable and was glad I'd decided to come. I was helping with the food when everything went black. The power must have gone out in the whole block because there was absolutely no light coming from outside. It was completely dark and very disorienting.

As I was trying to decide what to do, I heard someone walk up behind me. Before I even had time to be afraid, their body was pressed up against mine. I felt a hard, flat chest at my back; slow, tender hands on my waist and a rigid erection pressing into my ass. I wasn't scared, but irresistibly aroused.

We stood there in the dark for a few moments and I tried to remember the guys I'd met when I arrived. There was a very good-looking one with dark curly hair and another with a killer smile and green eyes. I couldn't recall their names. I had spent a few minutes talking to a guy named Jim who was clearly very intelligent and yet very easy to talk to. He was a little nerdy, but in a cute way. I tried to remember if there were any other guys present, but the one currently driving me to distraction started to move his hands and I couldn't think about anything else.

He pressed his hips more tightly against me and I couldn't help but move my ass against his cock. He ran his hands up my stomach and took a breast in each one. Slowly kneading and rubbing. I was becoming increasingly wetter by the second. I felt his breath on the back of my neck and I turned my head to find his mouth. He met me halfway with a kiss so intense I had to brace myself against the counter to stay upright. 

Then his hands began to move slowly downward. I wanted to make his go faster, but I was afraid if I spoke, somehow I'd ruin it. So I let him dance his fingers over my belly and waistline. He moved lower, brushing softly against my clit. I couldn't stand the barrier of my jeans and I hastily unbuttoned them. He took the hint and plunged a hand inside my panties. He rubbed my clit lightly, teasing it. I moaned and leaned back against him with abandon. He pinned my against the counter and continued. He briefly dipped his fingers into my juices and brought them back up to my clit. I moved my hips back and forth against him. He then pushed a finger inside of me, so slowly I nearly cried out. Then a second finger. I couldn't wait any longer. 

I pulled my pant and panties down in one swift motion. He quickly did the same. I felt his hot cock against my naked ass and moaned again. I bent over the counter, opening my aching pussy to him. I felt his erection at my entrance and I pushed back to take it inside of me. When he awfully s sheathed in my wet pussy, he continued to use his fingers on my clit. I thought I would faint with pleasure. He moved inside of me, pumping in and out.

He began to thrust deeper and faster, at the same time rubbing my clit more and more frantically. I felt the mounting pressure in my whole body, I was shaking. I lost control and cried out, he continued to drive his cock into me faster and faster and then he came. He didn't make a noise. He just wrapped his arms around me and sighed. A moment later he was gone. 

I pulled up my pants and tried to figure out what just happened. My eyes suddenly stung as light flooded the house again. I looked around me, I was alone in the kitchen. Outside I could hear people talking and laughing. 

I stepped outside with the salad and looked around. No one seemed to be acting strangely. I spent the rest of the evening having a good time, and wondering. But none of the guys gave me any clues that they might be my secret lover.