 I sometimes don't know whether it really happened or whether it was a dream. The flashing lights of the tunnel walls as the subway train rockets past make the entire memory surreal. I am standing as usual, clutching the strap and swaying slightly to keep my balance. My fellow commuters stare blankly into space and I feel in the slack muscles of my face my own vacuous expression. There is a bovine placidity and sameness to this routine. We are cattle, transported from barn to pasture to barn, day in and day out. I am sick of this unending boredom and pray for something, anything, to happen to defibrillate us all into coming back to life.

Each time the train sways or rounds a bend, the man clutching the strap behind me bumps gently into my back. His body is firm and somehow more real, more solid, than everything around me. I begin to realize that his movements are more...intentional...than the movement of the train would suggest. My knee-jerk reaction is to want to turn around and glare at him. Pervert. But there is something pleasant about the rythmic thump of his weight against me and I close my eyes briefly, savoring for a moment the touch of another human being.

The lights stream past the windows of the train, alternately illuminating and obscuring the riders as if they are the subjects of a time-lapse photography experiment.

The man is rocking harder against me. I begin to discern the distinct sensation of something rigid pushing against my ass. My eyes fly open as I realize that the hardness is his erect cock. But instead of moving quickly away, like any good cow, I find myself pushing my ass back against him. There are so many people on the train that our closeness goes unoticed. He has placed a hand on my hip and is subtly grinding his cock against my ass. I can't believe I'm allowing this. Have I gone crazy? Or am I so starved for something, something unidentifiable, that it compels me to allow this man to continue?

I am wearing a short skirt and I am acutely aware that the man is now running his hand up my bare thigh and under the hem of my skirt. I'm about to turn around and stop this when suddenly the train lurches to a halt and we are plunged into darkness. The man and I are able to keep our balance and his cock is still pressed firmly against my backside. There is relative calm in the train car – this happens sometimes. We know we only have to wait a few moments before the power will be restored and we will begin moving again. The man knows this too and takes advantage of the opportunity.

He leans forward and whispers into my ear, his breath hot.

"Spread your legs."

I know I shouldn't. I can't be doing this. I move my feet apart slightly.

"More."

I obey, widening my stance. He slides his hand under my skirt and reaches to the front, slipping his hand down my panties. My cunt is dripping wet, has been for the last 10 minutes. He finds my hard clit with his finger and begins to caress it. I gasp and lean back against him, allowing him to support my weight. My legs are weak as waves of pleasure begin coursing through me. He rubs my aching clit for a few delicious moments and I am thrusting my hips, moving in rhythm with his stroking. We're still completely in the dark but the other passengers are not talking loudly. I bite my lips to keep from moaning out loud. Suddenly he removes his hand from my panties and I almost cry out, No don't stop!

I feel him doing something behind me and I realize that he has unzipped his trousers. He lifts my skirt and pulls down my panties. He fingers my wet pussy again, this time from the back. He is dipping into the juices pooling in my cunt and rubbing them on his stiff cock. I shift, spreading my legs even more and bending slightly over. I feel the head of his prick probing the moist lips of my pussy, seeking entry into the opening. It suddenly finds its prize and I feel the length of him suddenly thrust into me. I choke back a gasping cry as he begins to pump his throbbing cock in and out of my cunt. He is holding onto my hip with one hand while with the other he has reached around and is once again manipulating my clit. I have forgotten where I am, forgotten that we are in the dark surrounded by strangers. That he is a stranger. All I can focus on is his cock pistoning in me and the waves of pleasure breaking against my consciousness.

Suddenly, the train car shudders to life and we begin to move forward, although the lights are still out. But I know that soon, too soon, the lights will come back on and all these people will see our fucking. I don't care. In fact, the thought of us suddenly being exposed excites me even more and I begin to grunt softly with his thrusts, not caring if anyone hears. His mouth is next to my ear and I can feel him panting. He is whispering things in my ear, filthy things. It only makes me push harder back against him.

As the train picks up speed, so does he. He is stroking my clit urgently now and thrusting in time. My orgasm starts to build and I'm praying he doesn't cum before I do. I push his hand harder against my clit and he increases the pressure. The train is rocketing forward, mirroring the onslaught of my orgasm. Suddenly I gasp and I feel him go rigid and groan. I begin to climax, throwing my head back and biting back at the last minute on my scream. I feel him ejaculating inside me, his cock and my cunt pulsating together. He has buried his mouth into my neck and I can feel him screaming silently against my skin. His arm is around my waist and he is holding me up, my knees having turned to jelly. The train car is moving normally now and the lights are beginning to flicker. We are recovering and I feel him ease his cock slowly out of my aching cunt. I feel bereft of him. My cunt feels open and sore and I feel his sperm dripping from me. As the lights flicker back on he quickly pulls up my panties and lowers my skirt, moving slightly away from me.

The train is pulling into my stop. I want to turn around but I can't bring myself to do so. I brace myself as the train comes to a stop and I sway slightly to regain my balance. The doors open and the mass of humanity surges forward, impelling me toward the exit. I struggle then to turn around and catch a glimpse of my lover. But all I see is the retreating back of a trenchcoat. I watch him reach the back of the train car and slowly turn around. His eyes lock onto mine and we stand for a moment, alone but for the two of us. We are locked into this time and it feels like minutes tick by. Then he smiles briefly and turns away, melting into the doorway and disappearing into the next car. I am carried by the other commuters from the train car and out onto the subway platform.

I stand there as the train pulls away and I catch a glimpse of him looking at me from another car, his hands pressed to the glass. He watches me for as long as he can, until the car rounds the curve and is sucked into the tunnel. I turn and walk home, my cunt sore and well-used, with a tiny smile playing about my mouth.