 The water is hot and relaxing as you enjoy the music playing quietly. A glass of white wine sits next to your hand on the edge of the Jacuzzi tub. The jets move the massaging water around your body, caressing your skin and rolling over your soft curves. Though your eyes are closed, you can still see the flickering candlelight as it plays over your eyelids. This is definitely a well-deserved moment of complete enjoyment. 

The only way it could be better is if I were enjoying it with you, caressing your body, as the water is. Just the thought of my hands running over your skin seems to warm your body even more. Your hand moves to glide over your neck and shoulders, just in the spots you imagine my hands would go to.

You can feel your nipples stiffen and grow as the image of my hand focuses clearly in your mind. You reach out with your other hand and grasp the cool wine glass, lifting it towards your face, and slowly drawing the chilly smooth glass over your hot flesh. Its touch on your cheek is electrifying. You imaging it to be my cool lips, brushing over your feverish forehead, and gliding down your hairline to the edge of your jaw. Your hand, my hand, moves over your breast and cups it, squeezing and embracing it, his fingers rubbing lightly at your nipple. The rushing of the water is the sound of my whispering voice, murmuring passionate words of love to you.

You can feel the heat from my body, leaning over you, so close, but not touching. Only my lips and my hand are in your mind. You picture my face so close to yours, my lips moving closer to yours and then turning back and gliding away along your jaw line again. You ache to taste my lips, to have me kiss you deeply and stop torturing you in this way. The hand move lower now, gliding under the surface of the water towards a warmer and wetter place. Your lips purse and your breath quickens as your hand, my hand, brushes through the ringlets of hair pointing the way. As fingers move over your outer lips, pressing into you, the wine glass slips forgotten out of limp fingers, spilling cold wine on your shoulder, and splashing into the water beside you. Your eyes snap open at the icy touch on your shoulder and arm, and you lose the picture of your fantasy man.

 "Shit!" You reach down and feel for the wine glass bumping against your hip, picking it up and setting it well away from the edge of the tub. A quick dunking of the facecloth in the water and you wipe the wine off of your shoulder and arm. "Damn, I was really starting to enjoy that." Your words echo in the bathroom, and it seems that much emptier. Even the warm flicker of the candle has turned agitating and taunting. You quickly get up and step out of the tub, reaching for the jet shut off switch before opening the drain. A quick wrap of the bath sheet around you and you step out of the bathroom and head for the bedroom where you throw yourself on top of the bed and reach for the phone. A quick dial and you wait while it rings on the other end.

"Hello?"

 "Can you come home soon? I need your company, and I don't want to wait." Your words are soft and sultry, leaving no doubt in my mind what kind of company you are looking for.

"Sure. Give me half an hour and I'll be there."

 "You've got twenty minutes and I'm starting without you."

 "Mmmmmmm. I may be late just so I can come in and watch you for a bit."

"Hurry. I'm waiting." With those final seductive words, you hang up and roll over on the bed. After all, there are a few things you want to get ready before I get there.

...

...

I arrive to find the door unlocked for me. I step inside, closing it behind me. A few candles light the living room, casting dancing shadows on the walls. Draped across the chair next to the hallway there is my bathrobe. A note is sitting on top of it.

 Take everything else off.

Put this on.

Meet me in the bedroom.