 I had never taken to my roommate. We had polar opposite personalities. I have had to work hard for everything in my life. I studied hard in school, worked grueling hours at the office to help my boss finish work, and to be presentable in public, I had to spend hours on my appearance. By no means was I hideous, just average. I stood at 5'7", had long brown hair and green eyes. I wasn't super model thin, but I would qualify as skinny. 

On the other hand, Desiree had everything given to her. She screwed her way through school, banging any guy who would do her work or any professor who would give her a passing grade. She never had to work, as her father funneled unlimited funds into her bank account. To make matters worse, she was drop dead gorgeous and she knew it. At 5' 5", she was mostly legs. Her long blond hair fell right at her waist, while her blue eyes sparkled. She flaunted her looks to get any man she wanted, and then dangled her prize in front of everyone in sight. So it was no surprise to me when I came home from a long day of work to her and her new boy toy making out on the couch.

Neither of them made a move to acknowledge my existence until I slammed the front door shut.

"Oh my God!" Desiree shrieked as she jumped off her new man. "Kaitlin, you're home early."

"Actually, I'm about three hours late," I retorted, throwing down my bag and coat. I made my way into the kitchen to grab a beer and unwind. Desiree followed.

"Hey Kate, is there any way you could go out for a couple hours? I kinda have company." This was typical Desiree: complete disregard for others and totally oblivious to real life.

"I just worked a fifteen hour day. The last thing I want to do is go out again. Besides, I'm just gonna grab some leftovers from the fridge and go to my room. It will be like I'm not even here."

"Des, it's fine. Let the girl unwind for a little." Her sex toy walked into the kitchen. At least he had some common sense, something that had been missing from her previous suitors. "We can get back to doing our thing in a little bit. It's no big deal."

"Whatever you say, Blakey-bear." Ugh! I hated when she gave them pet names. I knew she would be keeping him around for a while. I preferred the in-and-out guy when it came to Desiree because there was never any side effects. She just moved on to the next guy. If he lingered, the results were devastating for me when they broke up, and they always broke up. 

"Hi. I'm Blake. It's nice to meet you... Kaitlin, was it?"

"Yea, nice to meet you." I could tell he was trying to be cordial; but frankly, I wasn't in the mood, especially from a guy who was going to fuck my roommate in a matter of minutes.

At least he was better looking than her previous prospects. Blake was really tall, coming in around 6'5". It wasn't hard to make out his chiseled body beneath his tight t-shirt. His brown hair was cropped short, but was long enough to be a little messy. His eyes were a gorgeous ice blue. I usually had a weak spot for a guy with blue eyes, but on this night I was so frustrated with Desiree and the entire situation, I couldn't even appreciate the Adonis in front of me.

I quickly grabbed my food from the microwave. I didn't want to be in the same room as them much longer.

"It was nice meeting you Blake. I'm gonna head to my room and enjoy my food before I pass out. I guess I'll be seeing you around?"

"I hope so," he said as he wrapped his arm around Desiree. I could've sworn I saw something in his face as he said it, almost as if he had another meaning. Damn exhaustion must've been getting to me.

"You two have a good night," and I scurried off down the hall before they could respond.

I made it through my bedroom door and shut it behind me. I made my way to the bed and placed my food on the nightstand. Only a minute had passed before I heard noises from the living room. Really? She couldn't have at least taken it to her bedroom. Blake must have been a mind reader as he suggested they move to a more comfortable setting. Maybe he was good for something, if it were a small voice of reason.

It was quiet and I was able to eat my dinner in peace. I was feeling drowsy and decided to drift off to sleep since I had work early in the morning. I was on the cusp of falling into a blissful slumber when I heard what I could only assume was her headboard smashing against the wall. 

What the hell? I really could not catch a break. I figured that the noise would subside soon. No man could last much longer at the pace he was driving. I could not be more wrong. Two hours later, he was still drilling into her at the same tempo. Lucky bitch. 

I hadn't dated in over a year and had been absent of a sex life since. Between work at the advertising agency and Desiree's noisy sex sessions, I was too exhausted to go out or even to masturbate. I tried to drown out the noise with my headphones. Around 2am, I finally fell asleep.

***

I awoke to the sound of my boss's ringtone blaring in my ears. I answered.

"Kaitlin, where the hell are you?" James screamed through the phone. I groggily looked at the time. I was an hour and a half late for work.

"I'm so sorry sir, I'll be right there!" I hung up before I heard his reply. I had no time to shower, so I quickly changed clothes, doused myself in perfume, grabbed my stuff and headed for the door.

I ran the ten blocks to my office, arriving two hours late for work. I almost collided into James on my way through the door.

"I'm so sorry I'm late sir," I said breathlessly. "It will never happen again."

James grabbed me by the shoulders, trying to calm me down.

"Katie, it's okay. It's not like you to be late. I feared something happened to you." Who was he fooling? The man couldn't tie his shoes without me there. "What happened?"

"My roommate got a new toy. They kept me up all night." It was common practice for me to gossip about Desiree with my boss. He found my stories entertaining, while I took the opportunity to vent. Working these crazy hours, he was one of my closest and only friends.

"I could tell. You look exhausted sweetie. Tell you what; you've been working really hard the last year, why don't you take next week off?"

"James, I don't think you could function without me. You'd forget to eat if I didn't remind you."

"Well, I will just have to find a way to survive without my loyal assistant."

"I don't know..."

"I promise you will still have a job in a week. You know if the company hasn't gone to hell in your absence." We shared a lighthearted laugh before I finally agreed. The rest of the day, I worked hard to make up for the lost time. James was nice enough to let me out on time, even with my lateness.

When I arrived home, I wasn't surprised to see Desiree straddling Blake. However, I was shocked when I realized she was fucking him on the couch. They were both completely naked and covered in sweat and I assume various other bodily fluids. I quickly shielded my eyes and prayed that they wouldn't notice me.

"Hey Kitty, wanna join?" Desiree slurred from the couch. Of course she was drunk. She wouldn't have made the offer otherwise. Aside from the fact that I was never into that, the last person I would want to be involved in a three-way with was her.

I continued to cover my eyes as I walked passed towards my room. 

"No thanks. I have work to do," I lied. Once I made it to my room, I quickly got comfortable in a pair of gym shorts and an old t-shirt. I laid on my bed, trying to take a nap. All I could her was her screaming and moaning as Blake pounded into her. 

This guy had some serious skill. Desiree is an honest person when she is drunk. I've seen her make a man cry while she chastised him about his small dick. Now she was screaming in pure ecstasy. How I envied her. My rage soon turned from Desiree to Blake.

What was so great about her that made him choose her over me? Granted I had only met him once and we spoke briefly, but now I was wishing I was the one riding him, throwing my head back and moaning as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure passed through me. I thought about what it would feel like to have him inside of me, to push every inch of his manliness deep into my core. I fantasized about having him call out my name as he erupted, filling me completely. It was feeling that was a distant memory, but one that I craved so badly. 

As I thought about it, my hand began to wander beneath the waistband of my shorts and under my panties. I began to push lightly on my clit with my thumb, circling it. I let out a small gasp at the unfamiliar feeling. I started to circle faster and faster, building with intensity. It soon was not enough as I pushed one finger inside of me, then another. I pushed my fingers in and out building up speed as the palm of my hand continued to rub my clit. I thought about Blake burying his cock deep inside if me. The image of his face and hot body rubbing against mine was pushing me onward. I was close to climax as I continued to build up speed. I reached under my shirt and pinched my nipple, playing with the hard nub and continuing my drive towards release.

Finally, with several more quick thrusts, a flood of warm pleasure rushed through me. I rode the wave of my orgasm for what seemed like hours. When I came down moments later, I felt the most relaxed I've been in a year. My panties, shorts, and sheets had soaked through with my juices. I got up and changed it all. As soon as I finished, I climbed back in bed. I quickly fell asleep to sound of silence.

***

I awoke a few hours later, parched of thirst. I listened out to the living room and heard nothing. I assumed the horny bunch had finally passed out and hoped they had moved their activities to her bedroom. I peered out into the living room to see that it was empty. I made my way down the hall to the kitchen, and grabbed a glass from the cabinet. As I turned on the faucet, Blake appeared from Desiree's room. He was in nothing but gym shorts.

I could see every rippling muscle of his wonderful body. His abs were tight, each one individually defined. He had a strong upper body, but was not too large. He was perfect. I couldn't help but stare a little. I came out of my trance when the icy water spilled over onto my hand. Luckily, he hadn't noticed.

"Hey, can you get me one of those," Blake asked, motioning to the glass of water I was holding.

"Sure," I replied, trying not to look at him. I handed him the glass, while I grabbed myself another from the cabinet. He gulped it down quickly, and then moved closer to me. He brushed up against me to refill his glass. The touch sent a jolt through me and filled my stomach with butterflies. My heart raced and I caught my breath.

I moved away from the sink and headed towards the living room, with the intention of heading back to my room. Blake followed me.

"Hey, sorry about that earlier. Des said you'd be gone most of the night."

"Yea, I was supposed to. My boss gave me the week off. But it's fine. You guys seemed to be having fun."

"Yea it was alright. So, Kaitlin what kind of work do you do?"

"Listen Blake, I know your trying to be friendly and everything, but it's late and neither of us is in any state of dress for a civil conversation. If you don't mind, I think I'm gonna head back to my room." I left without ever hearing his response.

To be honest, I didn't want to be around him, especially without Desiree around. I didn't trust myself with him and I wasn't about to become some slut who slept with other people's boyfriends. 

I made it back to my room and shut the door. I just stood there for a while, drinking my water and trying to cool down before attempting to sleep again. That's when the door opened.

Blake walked in and shut the door behind him.

"What are you doing in here?" I asked, shocked by the invasion of privacy.

"I don't know what it is about you Kaitlin. I know nothing about you, but I just want to be around you." 

He moved closer to me as he spoke. I was frozen. The logical part of me told me that I should throw him out or get out myself, but the more primal part of me hungered for him. This might be my only chance to live out my fantasy of being intimate with him. Was I really going to pass that up for some moral code? 

"Since I saw you yesterday, I haven't stopped thinking about you, " he said as he finally reached me, brushing the hair from my face. "I ache to touch you, hold you, and I've longed to press your lips to mine since I met you. I can't explain it, and I don't want to justify it. I just want it. I just want you."

He leaned in for a kiss. This was my opportunity, something I had longed for. But at the last moment, the logical side of me kicked in, and I turned away. Fuck! 

"I can't do this. I'm not that type of girl. You're with Desiree and I don't want to get in the middle of that. I'm sorry."

Blake turned my face back towards his and quickly crushed into my lips. I tried to resist at first, but his kiss was so sweet and gentle, I couldn't help but give in. It felt like forever and I didn't want him to stop. When he finally pulled back, realization of what had just happened hit me. And a large part of me didn't care. I wanted more. I waited for him to say something, to see where this would go.

"Your lips are as soft as I imagined." he went in for another kiss. He was still gentle, but with each passing moment he grew more aggressive, as if there was a hunger that needed to be satisfied. I couldn't help myself and matched his aggression. I push my tongue passed his lips and into his mouth, our tongues intertwining with one another. 

His hands began to explore my body. They traveled down my back, tracing every line of my figure. He slowed down as his hands passed over my ass, slightly grabbing as he traveled. They rested just below and he slowly began to spread my legs, hoisting me up to his waist. 

He carried me to the bed, never once breaking our kiss. He placed me down gently and crawled between my legs. I could feel his hardness pressing up against my opening, the only thing impeding us was our clothing. He began to grind up against me, his cock begging for entrance. His kisses traveled from my mouth to my neck, causing me to let out a small gasp. He ran his tongue along my collarbone, sending my head spinning. One of his hands roamed underneath my shirt, rubbing my nipple between his fingers. The other hand found its way between my legs and began to rub against my clit. I tried to stifle my moans, but I couldn't catch them in time. I was lost in the moment; enjoying every feeling as my nerves were thrown into overdrive. 

His lips finally made it back to mine, only briefly separating as he pulled my shirt over my head. He grabbed my breast, massaging it in his hand. Licking his way down, he took my nipple in his mouth, sucking it and twirling it with his tongue. He slowly made his way over to the other nipple, while his hand traveled under my shorts. 

In my haste to change, I didn't put on any panties. Blake made a small chuckle upon this discovery and began playing with my clit. I couldn't control my moaning. I could feel the orgasm building inside, so close to completely consuming me. Blake pushed a finger inside of my warm hole as he kept attacking my breasts with his mouth. I began to grind back on his finger, wishing so badly that he would take me completely. 

Suddenly he stopped everything. He just stared into my eyes. I nerves ached from the loss of stimulation.

"Do you want me to give you more?" he asked with a playful smile.

"Yes," I whispered, barely able to get the word out. He gave me a quick, passionate kiss, and then stood up. In one quick motion, he ripped my shorts off throwing them across the room. He took in my naked form and smiled. He hungrily crouched down between my legs and began playing with my clit. He reintroduced his finger and then another, thrusting powerfully into me. My breath was getting shorter and I didn't know how much longer I could last. He increased the tempo of his attack, while expertly played with my clit. I was almost there, when he removed his fingers. I whimpered at their absence, and raised my head to see what was happening.

Blake was licking my juices off his fingers and seemed to be enjoying it. In a swift motion, he buried his face into my soaking pussy, driving his tongue inside. My back arched as I pushed against his face and let out a loud moan. Only moments later, I felt my orgasm wash over me as my juices spilled out. He lapped up every bit.

Blake rose and got back on top of me. He pressed his lips to mine and I could taste myself in his kiss. I wanted to pull him in closer, but my body was exhausted and I could not will myself to do anything. Abruptly, he pulled away, smiled at me, and then left through the door. I heard him walk down the hall and open then close another door. The door to Desiree's room. In that brief moment, I came crashing down off my high. In that brief moment, I realized I became that type of girl.