 Author's Note: I'm completely shocked at how many people not only read the first chapter, but liked it. So here is the next installment in the series.

***

I woke up the next morning sore and distraught. My body ached from the blissful abuse I wasn't used to, but my mind ached at what I had allowed to happen. I didn't know what to do. I had never been in a situation like this before. Should I tell Desiree what her "boyfriend" had done to me while she was passed out? Absolutely not. She would go completely psycho. Should I confront Blake about it? In my emotional state, I figured this might be as bad as telling Desiree. Should I just ignore it? This seemed like my only option, though I knew that exercising it would slowly eat away at me. But what else could I do?

I figured the best thing was to get some coffee and get my mind straight. I walked down the hall, expecting Blake to have left and Desiree to be sleeping. Instead, I found myself greeted to the image of Desiree in the dining room, grinding against Blake. Ugh, they made me sick. I passed them and headed towards the coffee maker. Well, at least they could take time out of their mid-morning fuck to make coffee.

"Morning, Kaitlin." For once there was someone I didn't want to speak to this morning more than Desiree. I half-heartedly smiled as I sipped my coffee.

"How did you sleep?" he asked with a smirk. What a smug bastard. He not only forced me to acknowledge the events of last night, but was all but parading his accomplishment around in my face.

"Good, for the most part. Except for this nightmare I had halfway through the night."

"What was it about?" chimed in Desiree, apparently giving up on her make out session.

"I don't remember much, but some asshole broke into my room at some point." I watched as Blake's smug smile dropped from his face. He knew I was pissed about the night before. What pride he felt was smashed in that moment.

I took my leave for the shower while his wound was still fresh. Why give him the opportunity to rebut. I scrubbed every inch of my body thoroughly in the shower. I wanted no trace of him or the night before on me. Once finished, I stripped my bed of its linens and threw them out. I wanted nothing that reminded me of last night. I only wished I could scrub my memory clean. When I was finished, I reentered the living room. Blake was gone, while Desiree was a ball of sunshine.

"What are you doing today?" she asked bouncing on the couch.

"I have nothing planned, why?"

"Let's go shopping. I want to get something super sexy to wear for Blakey-Bear tonight. Plus we can get you some new clothes. I figured with your week off work, we could get you back in the dating game or at the very least, get you laid."

The last thing I wanted to do was spend a day with Desiree, talking about Blake, shopping for Blake, and talking about my no longer absent sex life, which had been revived by her boyfriend, Blake. But I didn't have a good excuse and I did need some new clothes. Honestly, getting myself back out there couldn't hurt either. It may even help me get over last night's transgressions. So I agreed.

Several hours of shopping later, we both returned with dozens of bags. I had also gotten some highlights in my hair, as well as a manicure. I figured completely reinventing myself would be my best start to moving on. Overall, it had been successful and shockingly fun. Desiree decided I should go out tonight, which would allow her time with Blake. She began digging through my bags, coordinating an outfit for me to wear, when there was a knock. I opened the door to find Blake had returned.

"Hey. What have you ladies been up to?" he asked as he pushed his way into the apartment.

"We just went shopping and got Kaitlin a new wardrobe and a makeover. What do you think?" she said, spinning me around for him to see. As much as I would usually hate it, I was hoping he liked it, just to show him what he couldn't have.

"Very nice. Well done, Des." She bounced into him, giving him a kiss.

"She's also going out tonight to try and catch a man. Do you have any suggestions on where she should go, Blakey-bear?" Like I would take his advice.

"Well, if you're going alone, I would suggest the bar in the Windmore Hotel. I know the bartenders there and if I call ahead, I'm sure they'd look after you. Plus, most of the guys who go there are well-to-do, so the pickings are good." I tried to protest, but Desiree cut me off.

"Perfect," she said as she handed me my outfit. Then she turned to Blake. "And then you and I can have some special alone time tonight. I have a surprise for you that I know you're gonna love."

"Shit, that reminds me. I have to cancel tonight, Des. I have to catch a plane in two hours for an important business meeting out of town."

"What? Can't you skip it?"

"I can't. I wouldn't be going if it wasn't important. Besides, I'll be back tomorrow night and we can do our plans then." Desiree pouted like a child, but eventually nodded. He gave her a kiss goodbye and left.

"Do you want me to stay with you Desiree?" I offered, half trying to be friendly, half trying to get out of going tonight.

"No, go out. You need it." Desiree helped me get ready, doing my hair and make-up. She had dressed me in a classic little black dress. It was form fitting and the straps rested off the shoulder. She had paired them with a pair of strappy black heels. The heel was about three inches, giving me a little more height. My hair was up in a ponytail to show off my low neckline.

Desiree didn't trust me to go, so she hailed me a cab, told the driver where to go and paid him extra to ensure I got there. There was no turning back. I was going.

***

I arrived at the Windmore Hotel ten minutes later. I headed into the bar, drawing the eyes of a few of the patrons. I sat down at the bar and ordered a martini. I didn't engage any of the men directly. They were big boys. If they liked what they saw, they would come to me. Yet, after a half an hour, four other women had entered the bar with the same idea. I had nothing. Feeling defeated, I was ready to go home, when I heard a familiar voice behind me.

"Hey, beautiful." It wasn't possible; upon turning my fears were confirmed. It was Blake.

"What are you doing here? I thought you had a flight."

He smirked.

"Well sometimes. But I occasionally use it as an excuse to get away from crazy chicks like your roommate. I need to get her off me for a while, so I decided to come spend the night here." Then the realization hit me.

"You planned this didn't you?"

"Well, a little bit, yea." He chuckled. I wasn't laughing. I grabbed my purse and began to walk out. He caught my arm.

"Wait a minute, Kaitlin. I know you're mad at me for what happened last night. I shouldn't have just left you like that. I'm sorry. But everything I told you last night was true. And I really want to get to know you better. Last night, you said we weren't properly dressed for a civil conversation. How about now?"

I looked him up and down. He was wearing a black tailored suit with black shoes and a black shirt. The only splash of color was in his red tie. His hair was combed, but it had more of an everyday feel than a formal one. As I drank him in, I couldn't help but think how handsome he looked and was a little touched that he went through all this trouble just to talk to me. I agreed to stay and talk for a little.

He called over to the bartender and ordered us some drinks. As we began to talk, I realized we weren't much different. He was a successor to one of the most successful companies in the world; the type of company that had its checkbook in everything. Like me, he had worked his way from the bottom to get to where he was. It explained why he had been so sympathetic upon meeting me. As the night wore on, I found myself enjoying his company, forgetting why I was mad.

It was getting late and the bar was emptying. I took that as my cue to leave. While I may not have gained a boyfriend or a fuck toy, I had a better understanding of Blake. We walked to the lobby together, still talking.

"Did you want to come up for a drink? I'm enjoying our conversation so much I kinda don't want it to end."

I was hesitant as memories of the previous night flashed into mind. But I really was enjoying our time together and figured I could curb any impulses this time, so I agreed.

The room was extravagant, but then again anything in this hotel would be. When we entered, I sat down at the small table in the corner of the room near the bed and took off my uncomfortable heels. Blake took off his jacket and headed to the bar to make our drinks. There was some mild tension in this familiar setting, so I did my best to avoid eye contact with him as he handed me my drink. But there was no dodging the situation as it came to ahead.

"Kaitlin, I'm sorry for how last night ended. I know you may find it hard to believe, but I've never done anything like this before. I have always remained faithful to my relationships. But after talking to you tonight and seeing how much we have in common, I can somewhat understand my attraction to you and I can't help myself from acting on it. I wish I had met you before I met Desiree."

"If you're so unhappy with her, why don't you just breakup with her?"

"Can you imagine a more awkward situation than breaking up with someone only to date their roommate?" he chuckled.

"Who said anything about us dating?" I questioned, although the idea of dating Blake sent butterflies to my stomach.

"Are you saying after the mind shattering orgasm I gave you last night, you wouldn't consider dating me?"

"I think you overestimate your skills." I was playing with fire and I knew it.

"Really? If my memory serves me correctly, you kept moaning in pleasure everytime I touched you." He moved closer to me, merely inches away from my face. "Last night was about pleasuring you and showing you that I wasn't all about me. Trust me, it was just a sample of what I'm capable of."

It was at this moment I should've left. I knew exactly where this was leading and it was a place I told myself not to go. But I couldn't help but be drawn to him. Even logic was working against me. He had gone out of his way tonight to get to know me, which was more than any of my previous boyfriends had done for me. The girlfriend argument was also weak. He wasn't happy with her and I had little regard for her. But I didn't want to become the slutty roommate. I didn't want to throw myself into that kind of situation. Whatever choice I made, there was no turning back.

I placed my drink on the table and did the same with his. I moved onto his lap, straddling him. I took his face in my hands and slowly brushed my upper lip against his lower lip before kissing him. My heart fluttered as our lips moved together. I pulled away and looked into his eyes.

"Show me what you can do." He smiled his sexy smile. That was all he needed.

He crushed his lips into mine, pushing his tongue into my mouth. I met his eagerness as I moved my tongue around his. My fingers wove their way through his hair as I pulled him closer to me. 

His hands traveled up my back, finding the zipper of my dress. He unzipped it and pushed the straps down, exposing my breasts. I broke our kiss and stood up, allowing the dress to drop to the floor. I waited for a moment as he drank in my mostly naked form, his mouth agape at the sight of me. 

I grabbed his tie and pulled him over to the bed. I laid down, pulling him on top of me. I undid his tie, throwing it carelessly aside. I began working on unbuttoning his shirt. His hands moved down, massaging my breasts while I worked. He moved his mouth down my body, kissing my neck first, and then traveling lower to my erect nipple. He flicked my nipple repeatedly with his tongue before taking it in his mouth and nibbling on it. I tilted my head back slightly, moaning at the pleasurable stimulation.

I finally freed the last button of his shirt, exposing his chiseled body. I pushed him over on his back and got on top of him. I began grinding my hips against his, feeling his cock staining in his pants. I ran my fingers up and down his torso, memorizing every inch of it with my fingers. I reached his belt buckle and began to remove his pants. His dick was pulling at the fabric, waiting to be released. I stuck my hand through the slit in his boxers and began to stroke him. 

He was much wider than any man I had ever experienced. I was barely able to wrap my hand around it. As I continued to stroke, Blake began to moan softly. I looked up to see his eyes were closed, enjoying the feel of my touch. I finally sprung his cock from its fabric prison. It must have been eight and a half inches long, much longer than any of my previous partners.

I lowered my mouth, pushing his dick inside just to the head. His moans grew louder and his breath caught in surprise. I twirled my tongue around the head of his penis and lightly sucked. I pulled his dick out, then slowly began to lick the underside of it from the tip to the base and back up. His moans grew more intense and his breathing grew shaky as I repeated my movements over and over. I enjoyed teasing him.

Finally, I took his cock in my mouth completely until my lips hit the base. I began to suck and lick the entire shaft, slowly at first and then gradually quickening my tempo. Blake's breathing grew faster and his moans louder. I knew he was close to cumming and I prepared to take every bit of his load in my mouth. 

Suddenly, he pulled me up off his dick and flipped me on my back. He ripped my thong off, discarding it somewhere.

"If you keep doing that, you won't get to enjoy the main event," he said as he spread my legs wider.

He rested his cock at the entrance of my pussy, rubbing it against the opening. He looked me in the eyes as he pushed the head of it in. He was wider than I was used to and those few inches alone set a shock through my body. I moaned loudly, waiting for him to continue. He just stayed there, without moving.

"Do you want more?" 

"Yes," I hoarsely responded.

"Beg."

"Please, give it to me. Bury every inch of your cock inside me, Blake. I need it."

"How badly?" He was enjoying toying with me and he knew I was willing to tell him anything to make my torture end.

"So fucking badly! Please, Blake! Please!"

And with that he obliged, slamming every inch of his thick cock into my dripping pussy. The initial hit was enough to rock my body with an intense orgasm. I cried out in pure pleasure as it took me over. Blake began to pump in and out of me slowly. When my orgasm subsided, he quickened his pace. I pushed back, slamming into his hips as he hit mine. My hands traveled down his back, removing his opened shirt. My nails raked at his back causing him to moan. It was not long before another orgasm rushed through me with greater intensity than the first.

I didn't know how much more I could take, but I was enjoying every moment of it. I could see he was getting close to cumming. After a few more fast and hard thrusts, I was met with another orgasm. I arched my back, screaming out. Moments later, Blake threw his head back, roaring loudly as he exploded inside of me. 

He collapsed on top of me, out of breath and covered in sweat. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed his forehead. We both laid there silently, trying to regain control of ourselves. Finally, Blake withdrew from inside me and rolled onto his side. He looked into my eyes and brought a hand to my face. He pulled me in and kissed me gently. The moment was magical, better than what I ever thought was possible. Nothing could ruin this moment...or so I thought.