 His phone began to ring, breaking our blissful silence. I wanted him to leave it, to continue to gaze into my eyes and hold me. He went to check the call.

"Hey, Des," he answered.

Oh my fucking God! I was stunned. He was actually taking a call from his girlfriend mere moments after he thoroughly fucked her roommate. I couldn't believe it. All that sweet talk was nothing but bullshit to get me to have sex with him. I felt incredibly stupid. I willed myself to get up while he talked with her, grabbing my purse, heels, and dress, and headed towards the bathroom. I locked the door behind me.

Cum was dripping down the inside of my leg. I grabbed a towel and wiped away what I could. I gazed in the mirror at my disheveled appearance. The full gravity of what had occurred crushed me. I had become a slut. 

My eyes began to water. I had to get out of there. I splashed my face with some cool water and spritzed my body with perfume. I quickly pulled my dress and shoes on and let my hair down. I headed for the door.

When I entered the room again, Blake was lying on the bed, waiting for me to return. I gave him a momentary glance, long enough to see the look on his face change from beckoning to one of confusion. I turned and left out the door towards the elevator. 

***

I arrived home late in the night. I knew Blake wouldn't risk being caught by Desiree to come and find me at home. I hoped Desiree was asleep, as I had no intention of speaking with her about this evenings events. However, when I opened the door I was greeted with a surprise.

"Hey, Kate. What's up?"

It was Kurt, Desiree's most recent ex-boyfriend. I never liked Kurt. He wasn't that bad on the eyes, but he wasn't anything that stuck out either. He was kind of on the short side and scrawny. His brown hair was thick and greasy, and his brown eyes lacked any sort of emotion. He was the worst kind of asshole, and I was thankful when Desiree broke up with him. But now he was walking around the living room, in nothing but his boxers, drinking a beer.

"What are you doing here?" I demanded.

"I missed you too, sweetheart." He took the last gulp of his beer, crushed the can, then dropped it on the floor. Still the same disgusting slob.

Before I could further inquire as to his presence, Desiree appeared in her doorway, wrapped in a bed sheet and visibly intoxicated.

"Kurt, you ready to go again?" she giggled, oblivious to my existence. He turned to her, a look of ravenous hunger on his face and chased her into the bedroom, slamming the door behind him. 

I stood there stunned. In a matter of hours she went from moping over her boyfriend missing their date night to spending the night with dickhead Kurt. How could she do that to Blake?

Blake. My memory was jarred to him and what we had just done. It was the same thing that Desiree was doing now. This realization only made me feel worse. 

I went to the shower to scrub myself clean of him again. This was beginning to feel like a daily ritual. As the scalding water washed over me, I couldn't help but cry. How could I let myself do this? I was usually in control of my impulses, yet twice I had given myself over to a man I had known for three days. A man who was in a relationship and with my roommate no less. Why was I so willing to give myself to him? What was wrong with me?

I stood in the shower, crying and questioning myself until the water ran cold. When I stepped out, I couldn't bear to look at myself in the mirror. I was disgusted with who I had become. I walked back to my room and curled up under the covers of my bed. 

My mind wandered and raced for hours as I tried to figure out how I was going to deal with the fallout of all of this. I knew Blake would be back tomorrow night. Some part of me hoped he would break it off with Desiree so I would never have to see him again, but considering the lengths he went to talk to me, I doubted it. 

My thoughts were disrupted by the slamming of Desiree's headboard. Of course! For once, Kurt might be useful to me. If I could convince Desiree to go back with Kurt, I would be rid of Blake and my temptation. As my plan started to take form, I slowly drifted off to sleep.

***

I woke up late in the morning. I was incredibly sore, especially between my legs. It was a firm reminder that the night before had not been a dream. I quickly remembered my plan and headed out to the living room to confront Desiree. A delicious smell coming from the kitchen confirmed that someone was awake.

Desiree was in the kitchen, but there was no sign of Kurt. I peered in her bedroom and everything was clean and made up more than usual. This was odd for Desiree. She wasn't very self-reliant. Her personal spaces were always a mess, she couldn't boil water without burning it, and she was not responsible. She was up to something.

"Good morning, Kaitlin. How are you this morning?"

She was way too chipper; it was actually terrifying. I hesitantly moved towards the counter. Did she know about Blake and I? Was she being nice to lure me closer, only to choke me when I least suspected it?

"I'm okay. What's going on?" I asked cautiously.

"Nothing. I thought I'd be a good roommate and make you some breakfast this morning."

"But you can't cook." The last time she tried, she nearly burned down the apartment.

"Okay, you caught me. I went down to Riley's Café and picked up your favorite breakfast. You still like the classic omelet with egg whites right?" Wow, she actually paid attention. Maybe she wasn't so oblivious, which if this was true, didn't benefit me.

"Uh, yea. Thanks." I sat at the counter where the breakfast was laid out all nice and neat. She had even made my coffee. She looked on in anticipation as I took the first bite. A few minutes of silence passed. I was waiting to keel over from poisoning or something, but when nothing happened, I figured she was harmless and relaxed. She was the first to break the silence.

"So, Kaitlin, I wanted to talk to you about what you saw last night." And there was the catch.

"I won't tell Blake about Kurt if that is what you are going to ask me." 

Desiree let out a sigh of relief.

"Oh my gosh, thank you so much Kate. You are the best roommate anyone could ask for. I owe you one."

This was my chance to put my plan in motion.

"I do have to ask, what the deal is with you and Kurt? Are you guys dating again?" Please say yes, please say yes. I actually wanted to hear that the dickhead would be back. I was definitely desperate.

"Oh, no! That was a momentary lapse of judgment. I was upset about Blake being away and I had a little too much to drink and...well you know how I get. Besides, I think Blake is the real thing. I can see wedding bells in our future and I don't want to jeopardize that over a onetime mistake."

I nearly choked on my food as she said this. She honestly thought her and Blake were going to go the distance. As much as I disliked the girl, hearing that only made me feel guiltier. I couldn't live with that kind of guilt. I couldn't live with the secret. I had to tell her and take what I had coming to me.

"Desiree, there is something I have to conf..." I was interrupted by a knock at the door.

"Hold that thought," Desiree responded as she headed to the door. I sat there staring at my food, figuring out how I was going to explain this.

"OH MY GOD!! NO WAY!! BLAKEY-BEAR YOU'RE HOME!" Desiree shrieked as she jumped into his arms. He carried her into the kitchen as she assaulted his face with kisses. Damn it! That man had perfect timing. "I thought you had a meeting? Why are you back so soon?"

"Would you prefer I came back later?" He chuckled. "No, the company backed out of the sale at the last minute, so I got to come home early," he explained as he placed Desiree down. "Did you save me any breakfast?"

While they continued with their couple bantering, I lost my appetite. A lump in my throat began to form. This was the worst possible situation. There was no way I could tell Desiree now. And I couldn't very well excuse myself from the room or it might draw suspicion. Desiree could not find out on her own or the results would be catastrophic. I just sat there with a phony light-hearted smile as Blake and Desiree talked. 

"So Kaitlin, how was your evening. Did I say you would have a good time at the Windmore?" Blake asked, smiling his sexy smile. This was not a time for me to be weak. I couldn't fall for his charms again and I had to make it clear just how angry I was with him.

"Actually, I had a horrible time." I stared right into his eyes. His smile faded quickly as he knew I was angry yet again.

"Really? What happened?" Desiree joined the conversation, pulling up a chair to hear all the juicy details of my failed evening. Blake distanced himself from me and stared down at his food while he listened. The man didn't even have the nerve to face me. Coward!

"Well, I met this seemingly nice guy, we went upstairs to his room, and had sex. When we finished, his girlfriend called and he answered it."

"Oh my God! What an asshole." Well, at least Desiree agreed with me, as she gave me a hug. Blake looked even worse. Must be difficult to hear that your girlfriend thinks you're an asshole too. Too bad I had no sympathy for him. 

***

Monday morning arrived and I had no desire to continue my week long, mandatory vacation. I knew with Blake still coming and going from the apartment, I couldn't have down time. I didn't want to be open to another relapse. I called James to see if he would let me come in.

"No, Katie. We're fine here. You need your rest. I'll see you next Monday." He hung up before I could protest. 

I was determined not to see Blake for the rest of the week. I knew that once work started up again, I would be safe. My best bet was to stay safely locked in my room when he was here. This proved extremely difficult. 

I was stuck in my room most of the first day. I was bored, but also wracked with guilt. The noises of the two lovebirds came pouring through the wall, compounding the problem. I began to question a lot. Was Blake sorry for what he had done, or was I just a notch on his belt? What was wrong with me that would make him still want Desiree after he had had me? Why was he still coming around if he hated Desiree? Was he trying to torture me into sleeping with him again? As the noises came through, I couldn't help but want Blake again. 

The chemistry we had was amazing and nothing like I had every felt before. I thought back to our passionate lovemaking. The forceful way he kissed me, stirring my animalistic hunger for him. The feeling of his thick, throbbing cock moving in and out of my wet pussy. The feeling of the mind shattering and toe curling orgasms that pulsed through me while he slammed into me repeatedly. It got me wet just thinking about it. I wanted to ease the pressure building inside me as I reached between my legs. Then logic spoke to me.

This is what Blake would want. He would want me to finger myself to the memory of him and me. He would want me to scream out in orgasmic bliss to the thought of his dick penetrating me over and over again. As much as I wanted to, I couldn't give him that satisfaction. I couldn't do that to myself.

Hours passed as I listened to their constant sexual activity. I was getting uncomfortable, trying to keep from touching myself. It was becoming an increasingly difficult task as Desiree moaned louder and Blake's pace increased. 

I was finally given some relief when they both climaxed. After an extended session like that, they had to have been exhausted. I waited for a few minutes of absolute silence before venturing out to the living room to get something to eat. I did my best to be incredibly quite. I barely opened the cabinet when Desiree's bedroom door opened. Blake emerged in his boxers. I still couldn't help but stare at his impeccable figure. I remembered tracing every muscle of his rippling torso. My heart began to race and my breath became short at the very memory of our sexual encounter.

Luckily, Blake was too groggy to notice my staring. When I snapped out of my trance, I realized I was already failing at interacting with him. I grabbed the first box I could reach and quickly turned towards my room.

"Kaitlin," Blake called after me. I quickened my pace back to my room. I could hear him follow behind me, but I was a step ahead. I made it to my door and slammed it right in Blake's face, making sure to lock it. I wasn't going to let him pass over the threshold again. He tried to turn the door knob to no avail. 

"Kaitlin, please open the door. We really need to talk."

I gave him no response.

"Kaitlin, I know you're mad at me, but I want to make this right. Please open up."

Still nothing. I sat in silence as he begged me to respond and let him in. I was determined not to fall for his sweet words ever again. This was how I was going to ride out the week: in silence, locked in my room with a box of cheese crackers.

***

The following days were no different. I enjoyed the full space of my apartment when Blake was away, which was not very often. When he was there, I would seclude myself from him. Desiree tried to persuade me on multiple occasions to go back out. As great as an idea as it might have been, I had no desire to meet another man. I was to emotional over what Blake had done to me and I didn't want to compound the problem. I just wanted to go back to my normal routine and my simple life, before Blake complicated everything. Instead, my nightmare was made worse.

On Friday, Desiree got sick. It was nothing serious, just a common cold. I could have easily helped her out. However, Blake decided to take the day off and come over to nurse Desiree back to health. She found the gesture touching. I found it annoying. I knew he wasn't doing it for her benefit. I couldn't be more right.

Around five o'clock, he gave Desiree medication for her cold which knocked her ass out. Blake took advantage of her unconscious state to continue his harassment. Of course, I continued to give him the silent treatment. After twenty minutes of his begging and pleading, he left the apartment.

Days of solitude takes a toll on a person. I hadn't had a real meal in days, nor had I taken a shower. I decided to capitalize on his absence by filling both of my needs. I went to the bathroom and turned on the water. I took a long shower, staying underneath the warm water until it went cold. I put on an oversized t-shirt and a pair of thong panties. As I began to dry my hair, I opened the door and was met with a very unpleasant surprise.

"Kaitlin, we need to talk," Blake demanded. I tried to push past him but he easily blocked my path. I tried to close the door, but he pushed past it, closing it behind him. There was no avoiding him now. I was trapped in here with the beast. 

"Kaitlin, please talk to me. I hate you being this mad at me. I hate not seeing you or hearing your voice."

"You should've thought of that before," I retorted, still trying to push past him towards freedom.

"She speaks," he chuckled, trying to lighten the mood. I wasn't amused and Blake could see that.

"Come on sweetheart, let's see a smile."

"Go to hell, Blake." 

He looked defeated and began to address the matter at hand.

"Kaitlin, why did you leave last Friday?"

"Are you really that oblivious?" I was shocked. How dense was he to not realize his behavior was unacceptable. "You took a call from Desiree not even a minute after fucking me."

"This may be my first time ever cheating on someone, but I'm pretty sure most people don't want to get caught. She had already called six times and sent me five texts. I didn't want her to think something was up."

"Are you seriously trying to justify your behavior to me? You're a real piece of shit."

"Kaitlin, calm down." I grew louder.

"You told me all these sweet things just so you could fuck me. You made me feel like a cheap slut. Do you really have that little disregard for my feelings?" Tears were streaming down my face. I couldn't control myself. I was so angry that everything came spilling out in a single moment.

The only emotion Blake's face held was shame. He couldn't look at me. He just stared down at the floor for a few minutes, unsure how to handle the situation. After a time, he looked at me. His shame had changed to guilt. He wiped a tear from my cheek.

"Kaitlin, I meant every word I told you that night. I never meant to make you feel that way. All I wanted was to be close to you."

He picked me up and placed me on the bathroom counter. He took my face in his hands and looked into my eyes. I was mesmerized.

"I won't lie to you, I've slept with countless women. But none of them have made me feel what I felt with you. I felt like I didn't have to impress you. I was happy making you happy. Hell, I was happy just being with you." He seemed genuine. 

I didn't know how to react. I hadn't known how he had felt. My anger began to ease. All I wanted to do was comfort him. 

I took his face into my hands and kissed him softly. He was gentle in returning the kiss. After a moment, I pulled away and gazed into his eyes. 

"What does this mean for us?" I asked.

"I don't know. I want to continue seeing you. I'm crazy about you."

"To be honest with you Blake, I feel the same way. I think about you all the time and what it would be like if our relationship went further." I was being truthful. Even when I was angry with him, it was hard to stay that way. The makings of a smile hit his face, but I had to shut this down.

"But, I can't continue to do this Blake."

"What? Why not?"

I grabbed his hand and traced my finger along his palm. I couldn't bear to look at him while I broke his heart.

"This sneaking around and secrecy has been emotionally taxing. I'm second guessing myself and I'm filled with so much self doubt."

"If you want, I'll break it off with Desiree. I'll do anything to have you." 

"How can we build anything of a relationship off of something that is a lie?"

"Kaitlin, please give me a chance."

"I can't. I'm so sorry, Blake." He looked defeated. In one crushing blow, I had destroyed any happiness he had. I felt awful. Several minutes of silence past before he finally spoke.

"If that's what you want, then I'll go, Kaitlin. I won't bother you anymore and I'll break it off with Desiree. I wish this had ended better. I really do care about you."

"So do I, but it's for the best." I pulled Blake closer. His denim jeans were rubbing up against my panties. I couldn't help but feel aroused. I tried to push the idea out of my mind, but struggled. Only a few more minutes, I told myself.

"Goodbye, Kaitlin," he said, planting a kiss on my cheek. 

I stopped him and pulled him in for a real kiss. With each passing moment, the kiss grew more intense, as if I hungered for his lips. As he parted his lips to breath, I slipped my tongue into his mouth, massaging it. I brought my hands up to the back of his head, pulling him into me as I explored deeper into his mouth. He let out a small moan and I felt the twitch of his cock in his pants. My brain was screaming at me to stop, but my body wouldn't listen. 

Blake gently pressed his pelvis between my legs. My body operated on its own when I wrapped my legs around him, slamming his bulge into me. My brain was shouting to regain control, but my body continued to ignore it. After days of isolation, I had a more carnal need that had to be satisfied.

I broke our kiss momentarily to remove Blake's shirt. I had feel those rippling muscles again. He tried to say something, but it was cut off when my mouth returned to his. I continued to snake my tongue around his and my hands explored his muscles. I left his mouth and began to place gentle kisses down his neck and eventually to his torso. He tried to speak through the moans. He was finally able to compose himself long enough to do so.
