 I awoke late the next day to delicious smells coming from my kitchen. As eager as I was to get food, my body was not so forgiving. I moved slowly as I got out of bed and gingerly dressed for the day, putting on a comfortable pair of torn, light blue jeans and a navy blue halter top. I brushed my hair, a daunting task given the bruises on my wrist. I loosely tied it back and gradually moved out to the living room.

Blake was in the kitchen, cooking a late breakfast. He was arguing with Desiree, whose face was planted on the counter top, her hands rubbing her temples. I snuck in quietly.

"How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?" Desiree groaned.

"Do you not get it, Desiree? Sorry doesn't keep my job. Sorry doesn't ensure my future at the company," Blake retorted, his hands on the counter.

"Oh my God! Why are you so worried? Daddy will just fix it."

"Contrary to what you believe, he can't. Your father doesn't get to choose Arthur's successor. He can rally all he wants, but at the end of the day, it's Arthur's choice. And if the other board members don't want me around, he won't hesitate to ax me to keep the stock price up."

Desiree threw her hands up in defeat. She wasn't used to not getting her way. She just sat there pouting like a child, waiting for Blake to tell her what she wanted to hear. What a bitch! 

I was feet from the kitchen counter before Blake saw me. His gaze softened when I approached and he relaxed.

"Good morning, Kaitlin," he said with a smile. My heart leapt and I almost melted. How could any man do this to me just from a smile?

"Morning," I smiled back, moving into the other seat at the counter. Desiree had returned her head to the counter top, her arms obscuring her face. I couldn't help but chuckle at her condition. 

"Hey, Desiree. How are you feeling this morning?" I asked in a raised voice. She gave no audible response, just mumbled into the counter.

"What was that? I couldn't hear you." I looked over a Blake, who was finding just as much enjoyment in my torment of Desiree as I was. 

"Fuck off!" she grumbled, before concealing her face again. I tried to stifle my laughter, but it was incredibly difficult. Karma was definitely dishing it out to her and I was finding it exceedingly enjoyable.

Blake was busy about the kitchen, making breakfast. I had never known many men in my life who were able to cook, let alone produce the delicious smells that were arising.

"Want any breakfast?" he asked. 

"Sure, what are you making?"

"Let's see...I've got bacon, toast, eggs. I can make you some pancakes if you want. Um-"

He was abruptly cut off as Desiree ran towards the bathroom, covering her mouth. I watched her speed by with glee. It may seem mean, but after the years of hell she put me through, it was nice every once and a while to see her suffer on this scale. It made it feel like there was some kind of justice in the world, even if that was served from the bottom of a vodka bottle. 

"Shouldn't you be holding her hair back?" I asked, although I hoped he wouldn't. I wanted this momentary alone time with him.

"I tried to this morning, but she didn't like that I was berating her. So after the second time, she asked me to leave her alone." He was focused on the food as he spoke. "This is her fifth trip already. Besides, after her behavior last night, she's getting off way too easy." 

I was reminded of our discussion in the bathroom the night before. Blake had told me of Desiree's lewd behavior and was worried what would happen to his career as a result. After the conversation I walked in on this morning, I was equally concerned. 

"Any word yet on the potential fallout?" I asked, as he finished making my plate.

He looked towards the bathroom door before moving in close to me.

"Arthur called this morning and told me not to worry. I'll be fine."

"Then what was all that?" referring to his argument with Desiree.

He lowered his voice.

"Last night, I realized it wasn't fair to either of us for me to continue a physical relationship with Desiree. To escape it, I'm over blowing the impact her behavior last night will have on my career. She's being punish-"

Desiree walked back in, ending our conversation. I wondered what sort of punishment he was dishing out to her and why she was being relatively calm, at least by Desiree standards. How would punishing Desiree benefit either of us?

"Feeling any better?" Blake asked, condescendingly.

Desiree just glared before returning to her position at the counter. Blake smirked as he placed a plate of egg whites, bacon, and wheat toast in front of me and plain toast in front of Desiree. I was starved.

"So, Katie, how was your night?" Desiree asked.

Oh no. This was the topic I wanted to avoid. Although Blake and I had reconciled the night before, I didn't want to tear open healing wounds. But leave it to Desiree to find a way to do so.

"It was okay." I didn't want to delve into detail, but she wasn't satisfied with my response.

"Just okay? I saw you leave with that asshole Vance. Come on, something had to have happened. Spill it!"

"We had sex." I was curt, and quickly returned to my meal. Couldn't she tell that I wanted her to drop it? Oh, wait! This was Dumbass Desiree. A stack of rocks had more sense than she did. 

Blake dropped a lid on the floor, causing a loud clang. 

"Ow!" Desiree cried. "Be more careful! Some of us are still suffering from a hangover."

"Sorry," he responded, a look of disgust falling his face. I could assume it was no accident. Blake had less of a desire to relive last night than I did. Hearing details of my exploits would only make matters worse.

Desiree returned to her interrogation.

"You've gotta give me more than that, Katie. I want details. Details!"

"AH!" Desiree had grabbed my wrist. She jumped back at my shriek, but only for a moment. Her curiosity finally won out as she took my wrist into her hand and turned it over, revealing the deep purple bruise buried in my flesh. Her mouth dropped and her eyes lit up.

"He likes things KINKY!!" she smiled, eyeing me for more details.

Another series of clangs came from over the counter. Blake threw a bunch of pans and lids into the sink. His face showed nothing but rage and disgust, the same things I feared he would have towards me for what I had done.

"What the hell is your problem?"

"Nothing. That was an accident." He paused for a moment before continuing. "Now that you mention it, kindly wait to have this discussion until I am gone. I don't want to hear the details of my assistant banging my co-worker. Unlike you, Des, I still have to work with these people almost every day."

"Fine," she relented throwing her hands in the air. "But I want every hard hitting detail later, Katie. Don't hold out on me."

I gave a weak smile. I had no desire to tell her anything, nor to relive my misadventure. I was trying to move forward and be happy with the restart that I was having with Blake. Leave it to Desiree to kill the mood.

I continued to eat my meal in silence. I had nothing to say to Desiree and anything I wanted to say to Blake, I couldn't say in front of her. A few minutes passed in quite, until Blake's phone rang and he excused himself from the room.

"Oh my God! What an asshole!" Desiree complained.

"What happened with you two? You guys were hanging all over each other last night and today, you guys are ready to commit murder." I knew the story of last night, but I was hoping Desiree would be able to give me more insight into Blake's punishment. Desiree, being the blabbermouth that she is, was more than happy to spill the details.

"So, 'apparently', I got a little wasted last night and behaved 'inappropriately'. Blake now thinks that his job is at stake, so he's 'punishing' me."

"How?"

"He says I can't have sex or anything fun for at least two weeks. Can you believe that?"

"Crazy!" I was overjoyed at this news. He was right that her punishment would be for both of our benefit, at least for the time being. After the two weeks, I don't know how he will avoid sleeping with her, unless he plans on breaking up with her. It took all my effort to suppress a smile. Things were finally falling into place.

"Yea, well I won't be having sex with HIM for two weeks," she replied, winking at me. She could only mean one thing: Kurt would be spending a lot more time around the apartment.

I didn't have time to fully digest my food or the knowledge of Kurt's impending presence, before Blake returned with news.

"I just got off the phone with Arthur and he might have a solution for the current predicament. There's a small tech company out in California that Arthur wants to work with. However, they are not entirely sold on us moving in on their operations, so I have to convince them. He thinks it's the only way to keep from a stock slide. So pack a bag Kaitlin, we're heading to California now."

He hastily gathered his belongings and headed for the door.

"Wait, how about I come with you? I could help," Desiree pleaded, seductively. 

"No, Des. Besides, after what happened last night, I think we both need a little time apart. Plus it will make your punishment easier for you if I'm not around. I'll see you in a couple of days. Kaitlin, I'll be back in a half an hour to pick you up. We have to swing by the office and pick some stuff up before we head to the airport. Make sure you're ready to go." And then he was gone.

I headed to my room and shut the door. I didn't need Desiree distracting me as I quickly packed for this trip. I was savoring the idea of alone time with Blake. Even though it was a business trip, I knew I would spend time with him, uninterrupted by Desiree. 

My thoughts were disrupted by my phone going off. It was a text from Blake that contained a simple message: "Missing you already!"

***

Like Blake said, he returned to my apartment in a half an hour. I was already waiting outside when he pulled up in his black Audi. He smiled at me, taking my bag like a gentleman as I eased into the passenger seat. When he returned to the driver's seat, he threw the car into gear and sped off, without saying a word.

It would remain this way until we hit the first stop light. Once we were stopped, he leaned over, giving me a quick, yet passionate kiss. My heart raced as his lips moved against mine. I didn't want it to end. I wanted to stay locked to his sweet lips for eternity.

When he finally pulled away, he gazed into my eyes lovingly.

"I've been waiting to do that all morning." He took my hand, interlacing our fingers as he turned his eyes back to the road. I smiled at the show of possession and affection. He made me feel that I was more than just some fling.

"How are you feeling this morning? I didn't make things worse last night?"

"A little sore, but it's manageable. And last night with you was perfect."

"Glad to hear," he said, kissing the back of my hand. It was all so sweet. I felt like his girlfriend already. But I couldn't be. He was still attached to Desiree. 

My mind was drawn back to the events of the morning and my conversation with Desiree. I had to know where Blake's mind was.

"So, what's the plan after the two weeks is up?"

He looked puzzled at first before realizing what I was talking about. 

"Hopefully, I'll be done with Desiree and spending significantly more time with you." He gave me a sexy, smile before returning his gaze to the traffic ahead.

"You know she won't last the two weeks."

"Well, she will have to find someone else to sleep with because I won't." 

"She already has," I mumbled, thinking he couldn't hear.

"Really?" He was a little shocked, but more amused. I don't think any girl has ever cheated on him. He was far too amazing of a man to ever consider cheating on. But Desiree was never satisfied. To be honest, I couldn't see why she wanted Kurt over Blake. 

"Um, yea. When you are gone on business or unable to come over, she calls her ex over. They started sleeping together again about the same time we did. But far more frequently."

He laughed.

"Well, I guess we will have to change that, Kaitlin. I can't have Desiree and her side guy having more fun than us."

I gave a small chuckle, but was looking forward to being with Blake more. When I was with him, I felt like a different woman. I don't know what to call it, but it was more than just sex. It was something deeper.

We pulled up to the building a few minutes later. He led me inside and up to the office. 

I gathered some papers off my desk and met Blake in his office. He was patiently sitting at his desk, writing something. When he noticed me in the door way, he stopped and smiled at me.

"Need any help?" I asked.

"No, I think I'm set. Arthur wanted to meet me here. He's got some additional files he's bringing in. Then we'll all head over to the airport."

"How far out is he?" I asked, biting my lip.

"About five minutes."

"Perfect," I said, closing the door behind me. I walked over to his desk, a sexy smirk on my face.

"What?" He chuckled lightly.

I stopped right in front of him, bending over to look in his eyes.

"Well, my first week of work here, I did not perform to the standards that you need for an assistant." 

I slid my hands down to his belt buckle and started undoing it. His eyes widened in surprise and a smile spread across his face.

"So, I would like to make it up to you." I slid his pants down just enough to free his fully erect penis.

I lowered my lips to his head, rubbing it across my lips before pushing the tip into my mouth. He gasped at my touch. My tongue curled around the tip lightly and slowly, taunting him. He tilted his head back, moaning in pleasure.

I relaxed my throat and slid down the entire length of his shaft, taking him completely in my mouth. He gripped hard onto the armrest of his chair, his groans becoming louder.

My tongue traced the underside of his cock, traveling up and down repeatedly. Every muscle in his body was rigid as I sucked on his dick, enjoying each and every inch.

"Oh God, Kaitlin. That feels so amazing," he moaned through labored breathing.

I moaned as my head bobbed up and down. He groaned louder. 

I knew it would not be much longer until he climaxed. I began to speed up, my tongue covering every inch of his member. I moaned every time his cock reached the back of my throat. 

It soon became too much for him as he erupted, moaning loudly. I swallowed every drop eagerly, completely cleaning his cock. Blake was so relaxed and gave me a weak smile when I looked up at him. But our blissful moment was not to last.

In a matter of a second, I heard the door to Blake's office open, was pushed off of Blake and under his desk. I barely had time to process what was going on before I heard a voice.

"Blake, glad you were able to make it today. Where's Kaitlin?" It was Arthur.

"She's somewhere around here."

I kept as still and quiet as I could. I didn't want Arthur to know I was there. It wouldn't be that hard to figure out what Blake and I had just been doing if he caught me.

"She's assisting you with something?" Yea, I'm assisting him by sucking his cock and swallowing every drop of cum.

"Just like her job description entails," Blake chuckled back. I'm pretty sure nowhere in my job description did it say anything about blowing my boss.

"Good, good. Make sure you don't forget the file on Xcel Technologies." I could hear Arthur's steps move away and out the door. 

I let out a silent breath that I had been holding in the whole conversation. Blake started to adjust his pants, as I slowly and silently began to crawl out from under the desk. Suddenly, I felt his hand on my head, preventing me from standing up. Blake was staring straight ahead trying to remain cool. 

"Oh and Kaitlin?" I heard Arthur's voice say from the door. Blake removed his hand, allowing me to stand up. He brought his hand up to his face, rubbing his temples, while obscuring his face. He looked defeated, but amused at being caught.

"Yes, sir?" I could feel the color drain from my face as I addressed Arthur. 

"When you're done assisting Mr. Taylor, can you make five copies of that file and leave the original copy here?" He gave me a reassuring smile.

"Yes, sir." And with that, he left.

I looked down at Blake, who was now laughing. 

"I'm glad you find that amusing. Not exactly something I would want my boss to see." 

Blake stood up and took my face in his hands, kissing me gently. All embarrassment and anxiety I had been feeling melted away. 

"Don't worry about Arthur. He has a great sense of humor about office sex," he reassured me, pushing a loose strand of hair behind my ear. "Trust me that was not the worst thing he has seen. He once caught Vance balls deep in a girl from the copy room."

I let out a light chuckle as I was finally at ease.

He took me into his arms, bringing his mouth close to my ear.

"If we had more time, I would take you in the copy room." The image caused a light moan to escape my lips. I wanted him to take me right there, right now. 

"Unfortunately we have a plane to catch. But don't worry; we will have plenty of fun once we get to California."

"I can't wait!"

***

"Goddamn it, where the hell is that boy?" Arthur swore, calling Vance for the third time. It was not like him to swear, but Vance was already twenty minutes late and the plane wasn't going to wait much longer. Even though it was a private company jet, we still had a flight plan to keep.

"Just leave him, Arthur. What could he possibly contribute?" Blake was less than thrilled that Vance was coming on this trip. Although we had made amends, he wasn't very happy that Vance had marked me up during our sexcapades last night. I think if he had the chance, he might consider pushing him out of the plane midflight.

I also wasn't looking forward to being trapped in a plane with my two most recent lovers for five hours. It was probably going to be a more awkward situation than Arthur walking in on us at the office was. In truth, I wasn't mad at Vance. I had encouraged him to sleep with me and technically, I am single. It was just that things had been going so well with Blake this morning. He was in such a great mood and I knew that Vance would definitely be a mood killer.

"Finally!" Arthur relaxed as he spotted Vance coming onto the tarmac. I could feel Blake tense up next to me as he approached. This flight was going to suck.

"Why do I give you a company phone, if you don't even answer it? Where the hell have you been?" Arthur asked once Vance reached us.

"Sorry, I had to make a quick pit stop this morning," he said glaring at Blake, who returned his stare.

"Where's Cindy?" 

"Something about her sister's wedding, I don't know. Anyways, she won't be coming."

"Dammit." Arthur brought his hands to his face. He was obviously stressed. "Okay, Kaitlin. I'll need you to pull double duty and assist both Blake and Vance."

"Okay."

Now at ease, Arthur headed for the plane. Blake continued to glare at Vance for a beat, before turning to follow Arthur.

"Wouldn't be the first time she's done that," Vance mumbled, just loud enough for Blake to here. Blake stopped abruptly and turned, heading right for Vance. He looked enraged. I had never seen him like this.

"What the hell did you just say?" I jumped between them, trying my best to keep them separated. 

"Hey, head to the plane. I'll talk with him." I said, my hand resting on his strong chest.

"I don't want to leave you alone with him," he retorted, glowering at Vance. I could feel Vance's smart-ass smirk on my back. I had to get these two apart.

"It'll be fine. I promise." I reached up and kissed him. He relaxed just a little, before breaking apart.

