 "Vance, can you stop staring at me like a circus freak?"

He'd been doing it for the last hour or so and it was starting to get incredibly annoying. And it wasn't like I did anything to really warrant the staring. He just couldn't believe how the meeting with the executives went down. The more I sat on our return flight, the more I couldn't believe it myself.

Blake, Arthur, and Vance had been negotiating with the tech firm's CEO William and his son Parker for well over three hours without even getting close to a deal. They had exhausted all their usual methods of negotiation and offered all they thought they could, but William wouldn't budge. He stood firm against the AdVanceMent elite and refused the merger under Arthur's terms.

We were about to leave without the sale and await the inevitable stock dip after the holiday weekend, when an idea came spilling from my mouth. I couldn't believe I had spoken out of turn and was already beginning to apologize when William insisted I continued to elaborate. 

It was really quite a simple plan that circulated around the advertisement idea I had envisioned when I read their file, which was to keep the company family focused and to have that be the selling point. William was immediately sold on the idea and addressed me for much of the remaining meeting. 

I had never made a business deal before and didn't know how to proceed. Arthur backed everything I proposed without hesitation. Blake gave me a continuous encouraging smile, which helped my confidence boost tremendously. Vance just sat befuddled, confused as to how an assistant with virtually no business experience could secure a deal that they could not. 

"I'm sorry, I'm just waiting for you to sprout wings and start sucking the life from people. Be careful, Blake. She might be sucking all your talent out of your dick."

Blake was lost in his book, and made no effort to look at Vance when he spoke.

"She's got a college degree and a good head on her shoulders. She's not a vampire, Vance. And if that were the case, I guess you have completely lost your touch for business on Friday when you slept with her because, let's face it; you didn't have much talent for business to begin with."

I couldn't suppress my snicker at Vance's expense. He glared at me like a pissed off child. It made me laugh harder.

To be honest, this whole deal had me giddy. My confidence was soaring after the meeting and I knew this would be a great resume booster. I had no intention of being an assistant forever, but I lacked the experience to get a good job. Now, I was going to be working closely with the CEO of my company, as well Xcel's CEO, on the acquisition. William also asked that I lead the advertising campaign personally, which was a career dream come true. 

I was pulled from my thoughts when Arthur returned from the cockpit. 

"Spectacular work, Kaitlin. I am thoroughly impressed with your ability to assess companies and develop business strategies. You have a natural talent for this line of work."

"Thank you sir."

"As for you Blake, thank you for finding this lovely woman." Blake nodded in approval, and then smiled at me in admiration. 

"And Vance," he turned towards his son. Vance sat upright, waiting for his praise. "Thank you for being a waste of space on this trip. You could've at least won the damn golf game for us."

Blake and I did our best to hide our laughter. 

"Love you too, dad."

Arthur smiled and reached over to pat his son on the shoulder. His relationship with Vance was loving, but humorous.

"When we land, Blake, please go to the office to return the files to their proper place before heading home for the night. I will see you all bright and early tomorrow."

Arthur turned to head back to the cockpit, but stopped upon remembering something.

"Kaitlin, I almost forgot. You and I have a lunch meeting tomorrow with the renovation team. They want to discuss the design of your office."

I looked at him, puzzled.

"But I don't have an office."

"As the head of our advertising department, you do." 

***

Blake and I had reached his office several hours later. I was still in shock over the news Arthur had delivered to me on the plane. I was to be the new director of advertising. I couldn't believe it. All from one deal, I had secured my dream job. I had to pinch myself a few times just to be sure I wasn't dreaming. It was unreal.

Blake looked at me when we entered his office. He saw I was still in shock from the plane ride.

"Kaitlin, why is it so unbelievable for you? You earned this promotion. You should be ecstatic."

"Believe me, I am. It's just, people work their entire lives in the industry and never get this position. Do you really think it's a good fit?"

Blake let out a light hearted chuckle.

"Arthur is a fantastic judge of talent in this business. That's why he has been so successful. He surrounds himself with only the best in the industry and nothing less. He wouldn't have promoted you to the position if he didn't feel you were up to it, no matter how much I begged."

He was right. Arthur was an intelligent man and he wouldn't jeopardize his company making stupid decisions. It was still difficult to wrap my head around. I had worked for over six years to build my reputation and learn from the best and now, I was going to lead an entire department. It's just a lot to wrap my head around in a short time.

Blake could sense what last inkling of doubt I had. He moved from the file cabinet to his desk, which I was standing next to. He rested his hands on my shoulders and bent to look into my eyes.

"You're truly a magnificent woman, Kaitlin. You single handedly saved that deal. I'd say that's pretty impressive and worthy of a promotion. Don't doubt yourself."

I smiled back at him as the last shred of doubt and disbelief ran from my mind. Leave it Blake to make my world perfect again. He gave me a quick kiss on the head before returning to the file cabinet.

As I stood there waiting for him to finish, a new concern arose in my mind.

"So, now that I've been promoted, what are you going to do about an assistant?"

"What? You don't want to keep your position with me?"

"As much as I love my position as your assistant, and all the wonderful perks that come with it, I doubt I can handle both jobs."

He tsked while fingering through the file cabinet.

"There you go again, doubting yourself."

"I don't doubt my abilities. I just want to preserve my sanity." What little I have left, I thought to myself.

"I'll probably just find some girl to man the phone here and spend an unbelievable time in the Advertising Director's office," he turned giving me a wink. My heart started thudding in my ears, knowing what he meant. He would be spending a lot of time fucking me in my office; not that I wouldn't happily welcome it.

"You wouldn't give her the company introduction that you gave me, would you?" I joked. 

I heard a small groan escape Blake's lips as he remembered taking me in the conference level only a week ago. 

Blake shut the file cabinet and turned towards me, desire filling his eyes. He sauntered over to me, giving me his signature sexy smirk. I could already feel myself dampening as he approached. 

"I think we should celebrate your promotion," he said, taking me in his arms.

"As great as that sounds, it's been a really long day and I don't want to go anywhere besides my bed." As much as I wanted to spend more time with this unbelievable man, I was exhausted.

He grabbed my chin between his thumb and forefinger and lifted it to meet his eyes. My breath stopped as I gazed into his icy blue stare, captivated by this man yet again.

"Okay," he said softly. "We can save the formal celebration for later. But how about something quick?"

"Quick? What did you have in mind?" I could barely find my voice. I felt his hands travel over my shoulders and down my back, pulling me closer into his embrace.

"Oh, something I think you'll really enjoy."

Blake lowered his lips to mine, pushing against them with hunger. I gasped at his eagerness and he took the opportunity to slip his tongue into my mouth. He massaged mine with his and a moan escaped my throat. His hands pulled me in closer to him, trying to force our bodies together. 

Soon his lips moved to my exposed throat, kissing and licking it from my jaw to the base of my neck and back up. I was panting heavily under his touch and my blood was racing through my veins. I weaved my hands into his hair, pulling him deeper into my throat. He nibbled lightly at it, extracting another moan from me.

Blake leaned back and sat on the edge of his desk, pushing as much paperwork and office supplies off it with one of his arms; everything crashed to the floor. He leaned back on the desk, pulling me on top of him. His hands moved from the base of my back, gliding over my ass and down my thighs until he found the hem of my skirt. His hands dipped under and gliding along my inner thighs, pulling the material higher and higher.

I was eager to feel him inside me. I hurriedly unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants, pulling free his massive cock. His hands found the leg cut outs of my panties. He pushed them aside and slid a finger against my dripping cunt.

"Fuck, Kaitlin. You must really want it, huh?"

I nodded my head, as my throat was too dry to say anything. He smirked at me and positioned the head of his dick at the entrance to my moist hole. He rubbed his member along my slit, teasing me slowly. I couldn't take it for one second and slid down onto his dick. We moaned in unison as he filled me with his manhood. 

I paused only for a moment before I began to ride him. Sliding up and down his shaft as fast and hard as I could. I didn't want to savior this. I was starving and I needed to be satisfied. The look in Blake's eye showed he felt the same. He had his hands on my hips, driving me into him harder and faster.

My orgasm was climbing higher and higher with each thrust. Just when I thought I was going to come undone, I kept climbing. He kept driving into me harder and faster. He was biting his lip, trying to contain himself from exploding deep inside me. He wasn't going to let himself cum until I did.

Our bodies kept slamming into each other rattling the desk beneath us. I kept riding him, while he returned my thrusts. I was close, but not there yet. I was getting frustrated. I wanted that release so badly. I wanted Blake to fill me with every drop of cum.

He pushed me off him and climbed off the desk. Blake forced my body down onto the desk and spread my legs far apart. He plunged back into me from behind, just as hard and fast as before. This time, he was hitting places deep inside me that no man had ever reached. I moaned and thrashed beneath him. This was what I needed. I writhed beneath him as my orgasm tore through me, filling my veins with lava. My toes curled and my body tensed as I let out a loud moan of pleasure.

Blake was right behind me as he exploded deep inside me. This prolonged my orgasm, as I felt unbelievably full. Fuller than I had ever thought possible. He groaned as his massive load filled me entirely. It was amazing.

We collapsed on the desk, gasping for air and unable to move. We were too weak, yet completely satisfied. He nibbled my earlobe slightly, trying to get my attention.

"Congratulations, beautiful."

***

Blake dropped me off at my apartment about an hour later. As much as he wanted to come with me, he had no desire to see Desiree. I was tempted not to return to my apartment, but I knew it would look suspicious if I didn't return. I only had to put up with this for a little longer according to Blake. Soon we would be able to be together without fear of her knowing.

As I walked down the hall to my door, I could hear loud moans and panting emanating from behind our door. A small part of me was hoping Blake could be here to hear this. The look on Desiree's face when she got caught would be priceless.

I stood at the door for a few minutes, listening to the noises getting louder and louder. I hoped this was signaling that she and Kurt would finish soon, so I could get in without too much awkwardness.

"Oh, fuck" I heard a male voice scream. It was too high pitched to be Kurt. 

"That's right, Patrick. Fill me, baby," Desiree screamed out.

I paused for another minute before inserting my key into the lock. I could hear the two of them scrambling behind the door, trying to be decent for when I entered. When I crossed the threshold, Desiree was sprawled on the couch, covered in a bed sheet. I made a mental note to leave the couch when I moved out. I really didn't want to sit on it ever again at this point.

Behind her was our younger neighbor, Patrick. He was maybe a sophomore in college, but looked like he was easily in his late twenties. He was wearing grey gym shorts and was coated in sweat. He didn't look at me when I entered. 

Desiree started laughing as I placed my keys and purse on the small table near the door. I couldn't tell if she was drunk or just being stupid, but either way, I didn't want to deal with her.

"Hey, Katie. Why are you back so soon?" she asked, propping her head on the arm rest.

"It's Monday night."

"Really? Time flies I guess," she laughed, looking back at Patrick. He gave a halfhearted smile, but still couldn't look at me. He was so awkward for a guy who just got laid.

"Uh huh. So have you just been fucking yourself senseless all weekend?" 

"Not all weekend," she replied. "We had to stop to eat occasionally."

"Of course. So where's Kurt?"

Patrick's eyes shot up. I guessed he was unaware that Desiree liked to sleep around.

She didn't seem to notice or care about Patrick's feelings when I asked. 

"He couldn't come by tonight," she replied, standing up as she spoke. She moved over to Patrick and started stroking his chest, clearly ready to go for another round. "But Patrick was more than willing."

Patrick smirked at her, but still looked too exhausted. Bored, Desiree moved closer to me.

"So how was your trip?" I was puzzled that she would give a shit, but decided to amuse her.

"Productive. We wer-"

"Did Blake behave?" she interrupted. 

Of course! Why did even a small part of me think she gave a shit about my work? I wanted to tell her about the weekend in excruciating detail. I wanted to tell her how I sucked Blake's dick in his office, how we joined the mile high club, and how he made love to me after a romantic evening. I wanted to rub it in her face, to put her in her place. It took all my will power to behave. 

"Yes, but obviously you didn't."

Desiree smiled, then shrugged. She looked over at Patrick who nodded, indicating he was ready for her again. She walked over to him and grabbed his hand. She turned back to me as she led him to her bedroom.

"Hey, he brought it on himself."

***

The stock price survived the Desiree debacle of the weekend and even climbed as word spread of our partnership with Xcel. The papers were hush about details, but did indicate that the deal was made by a rising star at AdVanceMent Capital. Details were to be released in the coming weeks, all orchestrated by Arthur, who was to guide me through the media circus.

I saw very little of Blake the next day. Between the meetings with Arthur, the advertising division, and designers for my new office, I was away from my desk all day. Blake had his own concerns, as he was still handling the acquisition of my former employer, as well as clearing up the disaster of Desiree with public relations. I found myself missing him and even daydreaming of him in what free moments I had. I fiddled with the necklace he had given me, knowing he was thinking of me too.

By the end of the day, I was exhausted. I returned to my desk, hoping to see Blake even for the briefest of moments. Unfortunately, he wasn't there. Disheartened, I left for the day, texting him as I made my way out of the building. 

I didn't receive a reply from him until I was about to drift off to sleep at home.

'I'm so sorry I didn't get to see you today, Kaitlin,' he texted. 'I missed you so much.'

I smiled and texted my reply.

'I missed you too. Hopefully, tomorrow will be better.'

But it wasn't. Wednesday was basically a repeat of the day before. Arthur and I were in meetings all day, interviewing people who would work with me directly on the advertising campaign for Xcel. Vance and I made two conference calls out to William as we discussed the finer details of the campaign, as well as figuring out the costs of improving his productivity. My head ached by the end of it and I was in desperate need of a drink.

I went back to my desk to see if Blake wanted to join Vance and me at the bar, but he was swamped. He insisted I go with Vance, saying I deserved it and promising that we would celebrate this weekend. It was nice to see he was trusting me with Vance now. That, or he was too busy to really process it all; I couldn't tell which. 

Thursday, I was able to do most of my work from my desk. My office wasn't going to be done until Monday, so Blake kept his office door shut so we could both do our own work without distractions, but it was hard for me to focus being so close to him, yet not be with him. I found myself playing with the necklace often, using it to remind me that even though we weren't together, he still cared about me and I was still his.

Shortly after lunch, Desiree's father, Carl, showed up. He had a smug smile on his face as he approached my desk. You would have thought he owned the company with the way he carried himself. 

"Miss Stevens," he said, looking down his nose at me.

"Mr. Daniels," I replied as civilly as I could. I knew him being here was not a good thing. He was here to talk Desiree with Blake and it pissed me off. I carried myself professionally, but deep down I wanted to tell him to fuck off.

"Please tell your boss, Mr. Taylor, I'm here." He put unnecessary emphasis on the word boss, as if he was trying to put me in my place. He struck me as the type of guy who didn't like women in leadership roles. Maybe he had gotten word of the deal I made with Xcel and felt he had to kick me down a peg. I wanted to spit on him, but I wasn't going to waste the saliva.

"Carl," Blake greeted as he came out of his office. "Please come in." Blake gave no notice to me as he headed back into his office. I pouted for a moment before returning to my work. 

I knew Blake was focused on his work. The week had been stressful for us both and things were falling by the wayside as a result. I just wished that I wasn't one of those things.

Carl emerged from the office about a half an hour later, ecstatic and overjoyed about something. Blake followed close behind, his bag slung over his shoulder. 

"Kaitlin, can you take my messages for the rest of the day? Any emergencies, please direct them to Arthur." He was curt and very businesslike. It was unsettling, but I assumed his behavior was due to Carl. Being too friendly with your assistant might be suspicious to a man like him.

"Of course, Mr. Taylor."

Without another word, they both left, leaving me alone in the office and with my thoughts.

I was heartbroken. I knew our jobs were keeping us apart this week, but I couldn't help but feel forgotten by Blake. Over the weekend, he had kept me close and showed that he cared about me, possibly even loved me. Now, it seemed like he couldn't be bothered.

I grabbed the necklace again. I had promised to trust him, to ride this out a little while longer. I had to. He had given me a glimpse of what a life with him would be like, full of joy and romance. I wanted that so desperately. I loved him and I would do anything to be with him. I just had to ride this out a little while longer.
