 Author's Note: So after a little thought, I didn't feel comfortable leaving this series for any length of time on Chapter Ten since it was incredibly plot heavy and this piece is in the erotic section. So while stuck in traffic, and unable to access my upcoming novella on my phone due to a formatting error, I went ahead and wrote Chapter Eleven. I feel much better leaving the series here for a month or so than Chapter Ten, where it just seemed like an awkward place. This one is not as plot heavy and I hope you guys enjoy it. If I run into more traffic, I'll try to get the last three chapters of the series done, but I make no promises before September. As always, thanks for reading!

*****

I was awoken by the amazing sensation of his tongue twirling around my nipples. I arched my back, feeding him more of my breast, which he hungrily accepted. A moan escaped my lips and I heard him chuckle. He knew I was awake now and aware of what he was doing, but he didn't stop. His hand tweaked my other nipple, pinching it and flicking it with his fingers.

This had become my typical wake up call for the last week, ever since I had agreed to move in with Blake. It definitely beat the blaring of an alarm and it always got my blood pumping for the day.

Blake's other hand was positioned between my legs, rubbing my exposed sex, which was becoming moist with each touch. He rubbed my clit with his thumb while continuing to suck and play with my erect nipples. I gasped, as my nerves were overly sensitive to his touch.

He glided his face down my body, gently kissing as he went, until he rested at the apex of my thighs. He kissed the inside of them, alternating between each thigh with every kiss. My breathing and pulse quickened in anticipation of what was to come.

Abruptly, Blake plunged his tongue deep into my sopping pussy. I whimpered as his tongue maneuvered inside of me, scraping my overly sensitive walls. I was panting and grabbing at my hair, trying to keep some tiny control over my body. It wasn't happening.

Blake grabbed at my ass, pulling my pelvis closer to his face, allowing his tongue to go deeper inside me, reaching places he had never before. My blood was on fire and the pressure between my thighs was becoming unbearable. I wasn't going to be able to handle much more of this.

Blake continued to rub my sensitive nub as he savored my sweet pussy. He moaned against me and I cracked. My walls tightened and a flood of heat rushed through my body as my juices spilled out of me onto Blake's eager tongue.

As always, he licked every drop of me, greedily. He rose up and slid into bed next to me. He kissed me passionately and I could taste my juices on his tongue; sharing his reward for his hard work this morning.

"Good morning," he said with a sexy smile.

"Morning," I replied, gasping for breath.

"Do you think you can move? We have to get ready for work."

I ran my fingers against his chest, admiring his muscles.

"Do I have enough time to return the favor this morning?"

Blake smiled, shaking his head.

"If you wanted that, you should have been the first to wake up this morning," he said, rolling to the edge of the bed and sitting up.

"That's kinda hard since you kept me up late again."

"Are you complaining about me fucking you, Kaitlin? Because if you want I could stop."

I rolled my eyes at his laughable threat.

"We both know you won't do that. You're addicted to me, Blake."

He leaned over to me, kissing my lips hungrily. His tongue slipped into my mouth, savagely battling my own. He ripped his lips away and traveled up my jawline and down my neck, licking and kissing every inch along the way. I gasped, wanting to take this further.

Suddenly he stopped, pulling away and looking into my eyes.

"That I am," he growled. He rolled away again, leaving me wanting. The visible signs of his animal desire subsided as he looked over his shoulder at me.

"As much as I want to feed my addiction yet again, we need to get ready for work. We have a big board meeting today."

Blake rose out of bed and headed to the bathroom. I watched him leave, admiring his perfect naked form. His tight ass, rippling muscles, and smooth skin was enough to make me wet again. My pussy was aching for more attention and I was going to get it.

I heard the water of the shower as I hopped out of bed. When I entered the bathroom, Blake was already underneath the water. I could see his perfect silhouette through the glass door. 

I didn't usually shower with Blake in the morning. He wanted this time away to cool down. Without it, we would be trapped in bed all day, our bodies intermingling and covered in every fluid imaginable. This reminder excited me further. I had to have him this morning.

I opened the door and slipped into the shower. Blake's face was under the water, his eyes closed as he enjoyed the warmth. He seemed oblivious to my presence, so I took advantage of the moment.

I knelt down in front of his semi-hard cock, admiring the length and thickness that had brought me so much pleasure over the last month. In one motion, I took every inch of him into my mouth. I had become an expert at accommodating his massive size.

"Fuck," Blake groaned. 

Once I had every inch inside my mouth, I pulled out a little, just enough to clear my throat. Then I started sucking, hard and fast. Blake was moaning above me, his fingers digging into my hair. The water from the showerhead was spraying me in the face, but I didn't care. I wanted to taste him and every drop of his delicious cum.

I was bobbing rapidly, sucking his cock and twirling my tongue around his rigid shaft. I could feel him twitch and tighten in my mouth and I knew he was close.

Suddenly, Blake yanked himself out of my mouth, pulled me up, and slammed me against the wall. In his eyes, I saw a lustful hunger that I had never seen before.

His body was pressed against mine, holding me against the wall, while his hands pinned mine above my head. His other hand was grabbing my ass, helping to hold me up. I could feel his massive erection against my stomach. His thigh was between my legs, pushing them apart and rubbing ever so slightly against my aching sex. 

Blake was panting as he kissed my neck, his tongue occasionally sliding out to lick along my throat. His face traveled up to my ear and he tugged on the lobe with his teeth.

"Kaitlin, you're being incredibly naughty today. You know what you're presence does to me, especially when I see you like this."

"I couldn't help myself."

"Well, I guess I'll just have to punish you for your impulsiveness."

He repositioned his dick to my entrance, and then, with his sexy smirk, buried himself deep inside me in one thrust. I let out a loud moan as he filled me completely. He pulled out of me slowly, leaving only the tip inside me, before slamming back into me. He repeated this process over and over, and each time my moans grew louder and louder until I was screaming in pleasure.

Blake released my wrists to grab my ass and better support me against the wall of the shower. Then he started pounding into me relentlessly, gritting his teeth. My hands wrapped around his neck and my nails dug into the flesh of his back as he fucked me. He brought his head to my shoulder as he forced himself deeper. I could hear him panting and grunting with every strike, followed closely by my screams of ecstasy.

My body was tensing up and I could feel myself ready to explode. I was holding out. I wanted Blake to cum with me, as there was no better sensation to mix with my orgasm than the feeling of his.

"Oh, fuck, Blake. I'm almost there," I panted.

Blake knew what I wanted and he thrust into me harder and faster, pushing himself to his own climax. I felt him swell inside me and I finally stopped resisting, succumbing to my second mind numbing orgasm of the morning. 

At that same moment, Blake went still, groaning as he exploded deep inside me, filling me with shot after shot of cum.

When the pleasure subsided, Blake slid to the floor of the shower slowly, his cock still buried inside me. Once sitting, he pulled me away from the wall and held me close to him as the water cascaded down onto us.

We were both frantic in our breathing. Blake nuzzled my neck, pulling me closer. My nerves were fried and I jumped slightly at his touch. We sat like this for several minutes, neither of us saying a thing.

Blake pulled away first and gazed down into my eyes, that sexy smirk on his gorgeous face. My fingers reached up, tracing the faint outline of the bruise beneath his eye. Even with it, he was perfect.

"You couldn't wait for your own turn for the shower?"

I shook my head.

"You made me feel so dirty, I couldn't wait."

He smiled at me, stroking a few wet strands of hair from my face.

"Well then, let's get you cleaned up, dirty girl."

***

Even after all the hot and heavy sex this morning, we both still made it to work on time. I had resumed my position at AdVanceMent Capital, to everyone's enjoyment, and even had my new office to welcome my return. Thankfully, it was still on the same floor as Blake's so we saw each other frequently. Today, he didn't bother to go to his office. I was to meet with the board members for the first time as AdVanceMent's advertising director and I was nervous. Blake knew I would be fine, but he stayed with me all morning, talking me through everything, just to reassure me.

The meeting started just after lunch. Things were going perfectly as we explained the plan to the board members before finally following through on the ad campaign for Xcel. The board members loved it. I was so happy that I was finally making a name for myself and doing quality work that I loved, but my happiness was not to last.

"You son of a bitch," a burly voice yelled as the door to the boardroom exploded open. Everyone looked up. My stomach dropped when I saw Carl Daniels's massive frame come barreling into the room.

"What is the meaning of this intrusion, Carl?" Arthur asked, politely. 

"I want this lying piece of shit out of here," he demanded, pointing to Blake. "He violated our contract agreement and I want this bastard gone."

"What contract would that be?" Arthur was playing dumb at this point. He was probably waiting for security to get here.

"By selling my shares, he agreed to marry my baby girl. Instead, he went back on his word. I want him out of here by the end of the day, that sneaky son of a bitch." Carl's eyes were like daggers to Blake. Blake returned his intense gaze, his jaw clenched, as he tried to contain his rage. 

Under the table, I grabbed his hand, trying to keep him from losing control. His fingers laced into mine and I saw him relax slightly, but not drop his guard. You couldn't with a man like Carl in the room. I was seeing first hand where Desiree had gotten her temper.

Arthur shook his head at Carl's request, earning Carl's ire.

"As you said, you cashed out. You have no authority on the board or with this company anymore."

"The only reason I did it was that Blake and I made a deal."

"Do you have any proof?"

Carl glowered.

"It was a verbal contract. That son of bitch knows what he promised."

Blake stood up, having enough of this pointless argument.

"It doesn't matter what I said. Desiree violated any agreement when I walked in on her with two other men. I'm not marrying a woman who will make a mockery of my name and this company."

Carl chuckled, but it wasn't filled with amusement. It was a sick and twisted sound. 

"You're one to talk about faithfulness." He glanced at me and his stare almost made me wretch. "Oh, yes. Desiree told me about how you were fucking her roommate behind her back. So tell me, did this whore actually do all the amazing things that she is taking credit for, or is this your way of rewarding her for sucking your cock so well?"

Blake launched himself at Carl, fist clenched. Vance jumped in between the two, holding Blake back from pummeling Carl. I stood up, holding Blake's shoulder, trying to bring him back under control. 

Carl laughed his sickening laugh.

"Careful there, Taylor. You have a reputation to keep. You wouldn't want to be known as a violent CEO. That wouldn't help business."

"Fuck my reputation. I'll not let you talk down about Kaitlin." He was fighting against Vance and myself, desperately trying to get to Carl.

"He's right," Vance whispered to him. "You can't hit him." 

He gave Blake a subtle wink, before turning to face Carl, only when he came around, his fist followed, making contact with Carl's face. The older man plummeted to the floor, screaming and grabbing his nose. All the board members were on their feet, trying to see the action that was unfolding.

"You can't hit him, Blake, but that doesn't mean I can't." Vance bent down, his face inches from Carl. "I don't have a reputation to keep, old man. So I'd watch what you say about either Blake or Kaitlin, or I'll put your ass in a coma."

Vance stood up as Carl hobbled to his knees. He was disoriented and his nose was gushing blood. He was swarmed by security suddenly, grabbing him by his shoulders and dragging him to his feet.

"Why do I pay you people if you are going to let in unwelcome guests?" Arthur called from the comfort of his chair. He hadn't moved during the entire confrontation.

Security dragged Carl off. Although he wasn't fighting, that didn't stop him from screaming, cursing, and vowing his revenge.

When the situation calmed down, the entire board was looking at Blake and myself. The joy of our success and accomplishments was gone, replaced by whispers of uncertainty and doubt. A lump grew in my throat and tears were threatening to spill down my face.

Blake must have noticed my horror as he wrapped me in his arms, burying my face in his shoulder. I could hear Arthur dismiss the board members, before walking over to us. I felt his hand on my shoulder before he spoke.

"I am so sorry about that. He never should have made it passed the lobby, let alone into this room. I'll go speak to security at once. And don't worry about the board. I'll clear everything up with them."

I heard him leave the room, closing the doors behind him. Blake pulled my face up to his. The tears rolled down my cheek softly. He wiped them away with his thumb before giving me a gentle kiss.

"I'm so sorry, Kaitlin. You didn't deserve any of that."

"Carl's just a bitter old man. Don't let his words get to you. He'll get what's coming to him," Vance said from the comfort of his chair. He was inspecting his hand, but there was no visible damage.

"Thanks Vance. Although, I would have preferred to hit him myself," Blake said. Since Blake was found at the Windmore, he and Vance had been closer, acting like brothers.

"I know. But I couldn't let you ruin your name. That's what he would have wanted. Besides, I don't want to run this company and have to start acting like and adult."

Blake chuckled then turned his attention back to me. Although I heard their interaction, it couldn't pull me back to normal. I was devastated. Everything I had worked so hard for meant nothing. What was worse, the entire company would now know of Blake and my transgressions. Would they wonder if I actually could do this job? Would they question that I had slept my way into my position? The more I thought about it, the worse I felt.

Blake took notice, pulling me back into his strong chest. 

"Do you want me to take you home, sweetheart?" he asked.

I nodded against his chest. Although it wasn't like me to skip work, I knew I wouldn't be able to focus the rest of the day. Carl's words were still ringing in my head and I just couldn't shake them. 

Blake mumbled something to Vance before leading me out of the boardroom and to the safety of our apartment.

***

His words were still ringing in my ears as I sat on the couch in our living room. Although the tears were no longer a threat, I still felt terrible. I knew Arthur would do his best to make the situation better at work, but that would never take back the secret that the board members now knew. I was embarrassed and ashamed at our past. Although our present was exceedingly better and our future looked bright, I couldn't shake the pain away.

"Kaitlin, please don't let it get to you. Carl's words mean nothing," Blake said, handing me a glass of wine. I know he was trying, but it was a hard pill to swallow.

"I know, but he's right. I was a whore. I lured you into sleeping with me, and continued a relationship with you, even though you were with Desiree." I took a large gulp of the wine, hoping it would calm my nerves, which it didn't.

Blake's hand replaced my own on the glass. He took it from me and set it on the table. He turned back to me and took my face in his strong hands.

"No you weren't. My relationship with Desiree was never real. It was a complete farce. Our relationship has always been real, from the first time I kissed you. My feelings have always been real for you."

I looked away. I knew he loved me, but that didn't change the fact that Carl was right.

"Don't do that," he said, lifting my eyes back to meet his. "Don't believe him for one second. My relationship with his daughter meant nothing. Absolutely nothing. If it isn't real, then what we did wasn't wrong."

I hadn't thought of it that way before. I knew he was saying it to make me feel better, but there seemed to be some truth to it, yet it wasn't enough to reverse my mood.

Blake ran his hands through his hair, frustrated that he couldn't instantly fix this. He looked around for some divine inspiration to make this all better. Suddenly, a small smirk came across his face.

He stood up and took my hand, pulling me to the bedroom. I didn't think sex was going to be the solution to this. 

He pulled me into the room and bypassed the bed. He stopped and positioned me in front of the full-length mirror in the far corner of our room. He stood behind me undoing his tie and removing his jacket. I looked back perplexed as to what he was doing.

Blake moved around in front of me as he undid the buttons of his dress shirt. He quickly pulled that and the undershirt off, casting them across the room and exposing his chiseled chest. He removed his shoes, socks, and belt as well, without saying a word. He stood in front of me, only in his pants, obscuring my sight of the mirror.

His hands moved to the buttons of my blouse as he slowly started to undo them.

"I'm going to show you the truth of how real this is," he began as he reached the final button. He pulled my blouse down my shoulders. He unhooked the clasp of my bra, freeing my tits, before beginning work on my skirt.

"I'm going to make love to you, Kaitlin, but this time, it's going to be slightly different." My skirt dropped to the floor and Blake kicked it away. He slowly walked around me, he lip inches from my ear as he spoke.

"I don't want you to look directly at me. Instead, I want you to watch everything in the mirror. I don't want you to just feel that what we have is real, I want you to see it."

I nodded and turned my attention to the mirror. I was in nothing but a pair of black lace panties. I could see Blake's face in the mirror, his lips near my neck. I watched as he lowered them to my throat, kissing me gently. My head rolled back and my eyes closed as I moaned in enjoyment. 

Blake stopped and gently pushed my head back so I was facing the mirror again.

"Do your best to watch the mirror," he whispered. "That's the whole point of this." 

I nodded as his lips returned to my neck. I moaned, fighting the urge to roll my head back and close my eyes. I watched as his lips traveled down my neck to my collarbone, planting gentle kisses. My heart was racing more than every as I felt and watched him touch me. 
