 Author's Note: I apologize for the delay in this chapter. I have been so focused on the dozens of writing projects that this one kept getting pushed back. I intended for this to be the final chapter of the Blake series, but seeing as I didn't want to delay it further, I decided to break it up into two parts, as I've been struggling to write the very end of the story. I hope to have the series finished in the next few weeks when my life slows down a bit. 

As always, thanks for reading. 

Katie 

*** 

Chapter Thirteen 

I awoke the next day with an unpleasant feeling in my stomach. Moments later, I found myself in the bathroom, losing my dinner from the night before. Not again. It wasn't like me to get sick like this. 

Blake was sweet through it all. He held my hair back, rubbing my back gently. When my stomach calmed, Blake ran to the kitchen to get me some water and saltines, so that I wouldn't become dehydrated. I spent a good chunk of the morning in there. Some vacation this was going to be. 

Blake excused himself for a moment when his cell phone went off. I could hear him talking to Arthur in the other room, but I couldn't quite make out the conversation as my stomach lurched again. 

"Do you want me to take you to the doctor, sweetie?" Blake asked, when he returned. 

"No. I hate doctors. I'll be fine," I said, as I stood up. "What did Arthur want?" 

"He wants me to come back to New York. He says that there is an important business meeting that I must attend. I don't want you to travel if you're not feeling well, sweetie, but I don't want to leave you here all alone." 

"I'm coming with you," I commanded. I wasn't going to be without Blake, especially during this trying time. 

"Okay. How about I go to the drug store and get you something for your nausea and some ginger ale for your stomach? You can take a shower while I'm gone, sweetie. I won't be long." 

I nodded as I was brushing my teeth for the third time, trying to get the disgusting taste out of my mouth. 

Blake gave me a quick kiss on my forehead before leaving to get the supplies. 

I sat on the bed for the first five minutes after he left. My stomach was finally calming down and the nausea was subsiding. What was happening to me? It wasn't like me to get this sick, nor did I get sick this often. It couldn't have been the food because I would have been losing it long before now. All I could think of was a stomach bug. I knew if it didn't stop soon, Blake would drag me to the doctor kicking and screaming. I had to take better care of myself. 

When I felt stable enough, I walked over to my carry on suitcase to grab clothes for the trip home. I figured I could also pack up while Blake was gone, if my stomach didn't betray me. I dumped all my clothes onto the bed, making sure to open all my pockets. Unexpectedly clattering onto the bed was a small, thin package wrapped in white plastic. I didn't remember packing it, so out of curiosity, I opened it. 

Inside was an unused pregnancy test. The expiration date wasn't for another year. I couldn't understand how it had gotten into my bag at first. As I stared at the piece of plastic, my memories started coming back to me. 

About a year and a half ago, my ex Tyler and I had gone on a vacation, a rarity for our relationship. We had been together for a few months, but didn't see each other often. When we did, we were often buried in the sheets of his bed for hours, getting our fill of each other's bodies. While on vacation, I had missed my period. Panicked, I bought a pregnancy test, which thankfully turned out to be negative. After our scare, Tyler demanded I go on the pill, but I was allergic to the medicine. Unconvinced, he broke up with me, saying I wasn't worth all the trouble. 

"Oh shit," I said to myself bolting for the bathroom. 

My mind was scanning through the length of Blake and my relationship. Not once had we used any form of contraception. For months, he had been unloading himself deep inside me and I had done nothing to combat the risk of pregnancy. 

I stood with my arms wrapped around my body as I waited for the results. How had I been so reckless and stupid? We were embroiled in the middle of a pregnancy problem and here I was, possibly throwing another baby into the mix. 

After the time was up, I approached the counter slowly, scared of what I was going to see. My breath stopped as I saw a single word printed on the screen: pregnant. 

*** 

While I waited for the doctor, I tried to convince myself that I couldn't be pregnant. I would have seen the signs right? I started to realize that maybe I had been ignoring them. I had unexplained morning sickness that I hadn't been able to pinpoint to any food. The slightest smells were making me nauseated. I was tired all the time. I wasn't able to stomach the taste of the wine at dinner anymore. It was all there, but I continued to remain in denial. 

I hadn't told Blake about the possibility of me being pregnant, not with all this going on. I wanted to be damn sure before I told him. What would he say? What would he think? I saw how he had reacted when he found out Desiree was pregnant with what possibly could be his baby. Was I to experience that same reaction? 

"Congratulations Miss Stevens, you are three months pregnant." 

I sat there, shocked as the word hit me. Seeing it was one thing, but hearing it really drove the point home. At this moment, I was carrying Blake's child. Were congratulations really in order? Would he still want me? Would he ask me to get rid of the baby? Could I? A million questions were running through my mind at that moment and I had completely forgotten about the doctor. 

"Miss Stevens?" 

"Yes?" I replied, weakly. 

"We need to talk about what plans you have regarding this pregnancy. You are near the end of your first trimester, so it is crucial that if you are keeping this baby, we get you started with proper prenatal care. Do you plan on keeping the child?" 

"I don't know," I whispered. I hadn't given this any kind of thought. I was still in shock that I was pregnant. 

"Do you know who the father is?" 

"Yes." He was the most amazing man in the world. 

"Perhaps you would like to discuss it with him before you make a decision?" 

I nodded in understanding. I knew I was going to have to tell him, but I was scared. I didn't want to lose him over this pregnancy. 

"Take as much time as you need. Just pick up your check out paperwork as you leave." With that, the doctor left, leaving me alone in thought. 

My hands rested on my stomach, holding the baby I was growing inside me. My baby. Blake's baby. Our baby. I didn't know what he would say. If he asked me to get rid of it, could I? Was I willing to lose Blake to keep this baby? That was the real fear that was coursing through me. What would this cost me? 

I didn't know how long I sat in the room, lost in my thoughts. I finally pulled myself together and headed for the front desk. After retrieving my paperwork, I turned around and nearly crashed into a woman behind me. 

Instinctively, my hand flew to my stomach in a protective manner. I steadied myself before facing the familiar face behind me. 

"Oh my God, Katie. How are you?" I was swallowed up in her arms as best as possible. She was far along in her pregnancy and her stomach was keeping us at some distance. 

"Jessica. It's nice to see you," I said, pulling myself away from my old friend. 

Jessica and I had been friends in college. We were close and became roommates after our freshman year. She and I had lived together until nearly two years ago, when she decided to move in with her boyfriend, Chad. When I was unable to find a new roommate, she suggested I let her little sister Desiree move in with me, knowing her father would pay the rent. 

Looking at her now, she was glowing. Her medium length blond hair was radiant. Her blue eyes were sparkling with excitement. Pregnancy was doing amazing things for her. 

"I haven't seen you in over a year. How are things going?" she asked, excitedly. 

"Um, they've been better. But look at you. You're about ready to burst," I said, phoning in my excitement. I really didn't want to talk about the most recent development in my life, especially with Jessica. Although she had always been a great friend and someone I could confide in, she looked too happy and I didn't want to dampen her spirits. 

"Yea. Seven months. I'm getting down the home stretch now. Chad is really excited about becoming a father. We actually pushed back our wedding date just so the baby could be part of the festivities." 

"That's fantastic. I'm so happy for you." 

"Thanks. So how are things with work? Still running yourself into the ground?" she chuckled. She knew of my crazy work habits and had always found them humorous. 

"I got a new job a few months back. I'm the Advertising Director at AdVanceMent Capital now, so I'm running myself into the grave." 

"That is so awesome. Desiree hasn't been keeping me up to date with what you've been doing recently. I usually get my updates through her." 

A lump formed in my throat at the mention of her sister. I wanted to scream and rant about the bitch of an ex-roommate, but I restrained myself. 

"Yea, we had a falling out a few months back, so I moved in with my new boyfriend." 

"I'm sorry things didn't work out with Desiree. I know she can be insufferable, believe me. But hey, you've got a new man now. That's got to be exciting." 

"Yea. He definitely keeps me on my toes." 

"How did you guys meet?" she said, pulling me over to a nearby chair. Standing had to be hurting her feet. 

"Um, through Desiree, actually. They used to date, very briefly." And by very briefly, I meant the relationship was a complete and total fabrication. 

"Oh, wow. He must be something special. Not many men see her for what she is and choose to leave. They're too distracted by the shiny exterior. He definitely made an upgrade in woman by dating you." 

Jessica and her sister weren't best friends, although she had made the effort more than once because they were blood. She knew of Desiree's wanton behavior and warned me about it before she moved in. The only reason I put up with it was that I couldn't find another roommate. 

"Well, I don't expect that shiny exterior to stay intact for too much longer," I responded, thinking about all the perks that came with pregnancy. 

The stretch marks, bloating, swollen ankles. Most women endured these with a smile, knowing that the joy that came after was well worth it. Even after the baby was born, women showed off their battle scars with pride. I had always admired women like that, but Desiree struck me as someone who would hate every mark and would probably pay for extensive treatments to restore her shiny veneer. 

"What do you mean?" Jessica asked, completely confused. 

"Desiree is six months pregnant. She has to be almost as big as you," I clarified. 

Jessica started laughing. Had I missed some kind of joke? This baby was making her weird. 

"That's a good one, Kate." 

"What?" 

"Desiree isn't pregnant." Was Jessica really out of the loop? 

"Yes she is, Jess. She's claiming my boyfriend is the baby's father." 

All laughter left from Jessica. She looked stern and confident, yet somehow, concerned. 

"That's not possible." Her voice was commanding. I had never seen her like this. 

"Jess, I have copies of the pregnancy test and the ultrasound. She is pregnant." 

"Show me." 

*** 

"You bitch!" Jessica yelled, bursting into the boardroom. For a pregnant woman, she could move fast; I almost had to run to keep up with her. 

"Jess think of the baby. You need to calm down," I reminded as I entered the room behind her. 

"Oh I am thinking of my baby, that's why I'm here." 

I scanned the boardroom. Desiree and Carl were here, just like Vance had told me in the lobby. Jessica had tried calling them since we left the doctor's but neither of them had answered. When she called her mother, she said they were in a meeting with Arthur. Sure enough, they were all here. 

"Jessica, what are you doing here?" Carl stood up and quickly moved across the room to his eldest daughter. He reached out to touch her, but she pulled away from him, her eyes darting between her father and her sister. She was a woman on a rampage. 

"What is the meaning of this?" Arthur asked. 

"You lying little bitch!" Jessica spat as she moved closer to Desiree. "You really didn't think I was going to find out." 

"I don't know what the hell you're talking about," Desiree said, twirling her hair. 

"You know damn well what I'm talking about." 

"Jessica, can we talk about this later? In private?" Carl pleaded, approaching her. He should have kept quiet. 

Jessica instantly snapped to face her father, turning her wrath on him. 

"You knew to, didn't you? Hell, this was probably all your sick and twisted scheme, wasn't it?" 

Carl straightened himself, trying to assert some form of authority over her. 

"Jessica, I will not have this conversation with you right now. I am your father and I am telling you to drop this matter until we have a chance to speak in private." 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Blake running into the room. He stopped upon seeing me, giving me a look of confusion. I had told him I was having lunch with my mother to explain my absence from work today. I didn't have time to explain anything to him before Jessica drew all our attention back to the fight at hand. 

"How could you do this to me? To your own grandchild? He is not part of some deal, he is your blood and you are going to drag him into your stupid, harebrained schemes before he has even left my womb?" 

Blake approached me slowly, positioning himself to make his presence known to Jessica. 

"Please pardon my bluntness, but who are you?" he asked, trying to be as nice as possible. He didn't want to feel her wrath. However, she turned sweet in an instant, like nothing had been bothering her 

"I'm Jessica Daniels. You must be Blake. Katie has told me so much about you. I wish we were meeting on better terms." Jessica shook his hand, but turned to face me mouthing the words 'he's hot'. That baby was making her mood swings wild. 

"I wish that as well," he said with a smile. "May ask what you're doing here and what all this commotion is about?" 

It was like someone had snapped their fingers. Jessica was pissed again, turning to face her father and sister. Carl looked worried, but Desiree was still sitting in her chair, twirling her hair without a care in the world. 

"These two are lying to you. Desiree isn't pregnant. She can't ever get pregnant." 

"What?" The word escaped Blake's mouth like a whisper 

"Jessica, no," Carl yelled, trying to stem the flow of destruction. 

Jessica turned to face Desiree, who was now looking at her for the first time. Anger was seething from her and her eyes were like daggers, but Jessica wasn't backing down. Not when she had her child to protect. 

"Some people get fancy cars for their twenty-first birthday, others have huge blowout parties. Desiree got surgeries. Lots and lots of surgeries. Including one to keep her from having children. Isn't that right, Des?" 

"Shut up, you stupid bitch," Desiree spat at her, standing for the first time. Jessica wasn't scared. 

"You hate children and the very thought of what goes into carrying a child. You begged dad to make sure you never got pregnant. Every year since you were sixteen, you begged him, until he finally gave you what you wanted. It wasn't a surprise. You've always been a brat." 

"What about the pregnancy test? The ultrasound?" Blake asked, stepping closer to Jessica. 

"Their mine. I sent my dad a copy of everything, hoping he would share it with his friends like a proud grandfather. Instead, he is using my son to ruin you, this company, and gain millions." 

"Is this true, Carl?" Arthur asked his face full of a rage I had never seen in him. 

"She's pregnant and emotional. She doesn't know what she is saying," Carl tried to justify. 

Without hesitation, Jessica reached for Desiree's stomach, removing the pregnancy pad beneath. Desiree gasped at having been outed. Carl made a beeline for the door, but was stopped by security. Everyone else in the room was frozen in shock. 

"You are the worst family in the world," Jessica spoke, anger coursing through her voice. "I never want to see you again Desiree. Ever!" 

She turned to her father, who was paralyzed with fear. 

"And as for you, you will never see your grandson. And after I explain this all to mom, you can expect a divorce. She would never chose you over her grandchildren. If you think this is over dad, it is far from it. Expect my lawyer to call you soon. You'll pay for exploiting my baby and my pregnancy." 

And with that, Jessica stormed out of the room. Carl crumpled to the ground in tears. The once powerful man was now defeated. Desiree stood at the other end of the room, glaring at Blake and me. 

"Security, remove these two from the building," Arthur commanded. "And Carl, expect a call from our corporate lawyer as well. I'm sure Mr. Taylor will also have his personal lawyer making a call as well." 

"Damn right," Blake said through gritted teeth. 

Security grabbed the two Daniels and escorted them from the premises, leaving Arthur, Blake, and myself alone in the boardroom. I stood in silence, processing the explosive event. It was all over. Desiree was gone, out of my life for good, as was Carl. There would be no twisted future where she would continue to harass Blake and me. There would be no world where I would have to stomach her presence for the sake of a child. We were free. As the reality dawned on me, I couldn't help but smile 

"Well, I think that was enough excitement for one day," Arthur finally spoke, clapping his hands together. He turned towards me, a cheeky smile on his face. 

"Kaitlin, you are just so full of surprises. I speak for the entire company when I offer you our thanks for getting to the bottom of this pointless drama. I'm not sure how you did it, but I couldn't be happier with the end result. It's moments like this that make me question if I shouldn't make you CEO," he chuckled. 

He moved to Blake and placed a hand on his shoulder. Blake still hadn't moved from his spot; he was frozen. 

"Blake, I'm sure you and Kaitlin have had a trying day. Why don't you both take the rest of the day off? I'll not take 'no' for an answer." And with that, Arthur left the room, leaving Blake and I alone. 

There were so many things I needed to say to him, but I didn't even know where to begin. I looked down at my hands, figuring out what to say, when I felt strong hands grab my face and push it upwards. My lips were crushed beneath another set of powerful lips. I was taken completely by surprise. I opened my mouth to breath and I felt his familiar tongue slip into my mouth. He savagely attacked my own, exploring every inch of my mouth. 

Abruptly, he ripped his mouth from my own, leaving me panting and wanting. I opened my eyes to see Blake's face inches from mine, panting, carnal hunger was locked into his eyes. He grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the boardroom door as fast as he could. 

*** 

The moment we were passed the threshold of our apartment, Blake slammed me against the wall, pinning me with his body and with his lips. The entire ride home had been a tense affair. Blake struggled to keep his eyes on the road. We said nothing to each other as we drove home. Had we been alone in the elevator, I was sure Blake would have taken me right there. This was weeks of pent up sexual frustration. 

Blake's tongue easily pushed into my mouth, savagely attacking mine. I wrapped my tongue around his, massaging and caressing it. His hands grabbed my face, pushing his tongue even further in. I could barely breathe beneath him, but I was enjoying every moment. 
