 In the shower, Joe ran his hands over me gently, lathering my body with soap and kissing his way along my neck and shoulder. His fingers made slow circular motions around my breasts, running along my stomach and occasionally dipping between my thighs.

I let myself rest back against him, feeling sleepy and slightly woozy from the wine.

"Mmm, you have the best hands," I murmured.

"You have the sexiest body," he replied, stroking me gently, his cock hardening against my back. Apparently the man was never satisfied. I could work with that.

Skin against skin, our bodies slid against each other slick with soap. With no resistance, he slipped inside me from behind, moving just enough to drive me crazy, feeling his fullness slide slowly in and out. His hands gripped my breasts, pulling my firmly against him as he breathed heavily in my ear.

"You like the way I feel inside you? 

"Oh God, yes." He slid his hands up my arms, pulling them up and behind his neck. I arched my back as his hands roamed, sliding down between my legs and then settling on my hips and belly to pull me back against him. 

He thrust slightly harder as he worked his fingers against me, feeling me tighten.

"Oh, yeah, baby, I love feeling that tight little pussy."

He nibbled on my ear, bringing me to the edge, my moans echoing in the shower.

Then, without warning, he withdrew, pulling me out of the warm spray. I poked my lip out in a pout as he handed me a towel.

"No pouting," he warned, giving my sore as a slap.

"Okay," I said, a bit huffily.

He grabbed me around the waist and pulled me up against him.

"Say, 'Yes, sir.'"

I pressed my lips together, and he gave my ass a brutal squeeze.

"Would you like another punishment?"

"No, /sir/," I said.

"Hm. I don't appreciate the sarcasm, but I'll let it pass. Are you my slut for the night or not?"

"Yes, sir."

"Then we'll do what I want, won't we?"

"I suppose, sir."

He nipped at my collarbone, then lifted me and carried me to the bed, depositing me at the edge.

"Now, lay back and spread those legs for me."

I propped myself on my elbows, then slowly spread my knees apart. A smile crept across his face as he watched me.

"Touch yourself."

I laid back against the mountain of pillows and gathered my damp hair up off my neck, letting my hands roam down my body. I slid them down and along my thighs, then back up to my breasts, teasing my nipples just slightly before trailing them back down my belly.

"Stop."

He leaned forward, gently trailing kisses from my belly button to the juncture of my thighs. He kissed and bit along my inner thigh, making me tense, then slowly began working his tongue against my slit. He gently ran his tongue up and down my swollen lips, suckling at my clit, teasing the tip of one finger at my entrance.

"Do you like it when I tease you?"

"...yes."

"Mmmm." He kissed and sucked at my core as I grew even more aroused. "Baby, I love that you get so wet for me."

I groaned as he inserted one finger, then moved away again. Frustrated, I waited for him to return, this time with another couple strips of fabric.

"On your knees. Hold out your arms."

He tied my wrists together, then, turning me around, looped another piece of fabric around the top of the head of the bed. Arms outstretched, he pulled my hips back towards him, then yanked my knees wider.

Reaching around me, he kneaded and toyed with my breasts, squeezing flesh and pinching my nipples until they became erect and tender.

"Tell me you like being teased and fucked like this. You like being my little slut."

I shook my head, and he pinched my nipple hard. I yelped. He slid his thumb inside my wet slit, then gently worked it against my asshole.

"You like the way I use you."

He fucked my ass gently, then pressed his cock against my slick opening, teasing me with his thick cockhead just barely penetrating.

"You want me to fuck you?"

I nodded.

He withdrew and slapped my ass.

"Beg me."

"Please," I moaned as he continued to penetrate my ass with his finger.

"Please what?" He spanked me again.

"Please fuck me."

"How?" I was nearly dripping with need.

"Please, fuck me hard."

He spanked me again.

"You don't sound so enthused, slut."

"Please fuck me hard!"

I felt his cock return, he gripped my hips, my legs nearly trembling now, and entered me forcefully. His skin slapped against me as he fucked me at a brutal pace, my tits bouncing in rhythm.

His fingers dug into the flesh of my ass as he pulled me back hard against him. I felt myself quickly approaching an orgasm, everything tightening as he grew harder, pounding himself into me.

We came simultaneously as he thrust once more, then collapsed on top of me, hot and sweaty as I felt his cock twitch inside of me.

"Oh, babe," he said, kissing my back. "You are addictive."