 It had been years. Five years had passed and I still couldn't get you out of my mind. Don't get me wrong, I was happily married, but for some reason, when times got bad, when I closed my eyes at night, I started to think of you. As I feel into the dream I could still smell your skin, I could still taste your flesh, and feel your fingers clamped hard against my wrists.

I love my husband, but he doesn't have the sexual dark side that you did. He could never gently hurt me, he could never hold me down and take control like you could. I love him, but I can not yield to him, I can not submit to him, with him, I always have to be in control.

So it happened one night that I was on a business trip to the City and my husband was far away at home. I knew if I called you, that you would come to me. It was a terrible temptation, sitting alone in the hotel room, thinking of you, thinking of what only you could give me. My fingers trembled as I picked up the phone. I just sat there for several minutes, listening to the dial tone, waiting for my heart to slow down. 

Finally I dialed, and as fate would have it, you answered.

"Hello?"

"Anthony?" He didn't answer, but I knew he was there on the line, and that he knew it was me. My heart was in my throat, I could feel the sweat running between my breasts.

"Yeah, how are you?"

"I'm...good. I'm in town." I left the invitation unspoken, I couldn't bring myself to actually say the words. 

"Oh, uh, aren't you married?"

"Yes." I didn't deny it, didn't try to justify what I was about to do, I let my answer stand.

"Where in the city are you?" And with that, it was done.

I gave him directions to the hotel I was staying at, I told him I'd meet him at the bar. I put on a clean shirt, checked my make-up, and went downstairs. I knew it would take him at least 20 minutes to drive across town, so I made sure to get well and drunk before he made it to the hotel, before I could think clearly about breaking my martial vows.

I was on my third Margarita when you walked in to the bar. You had cut your hair, you were a little thinner than I remembered, but it was still undeniably you. You spotted me immediately and headed towards me. You looked me up and down, a look of ownership that got me wet almost instantly.

"You sure look different" you said to me, eyeing my business attire, my chic librarian look.

"Yeah, I know." I replied sheepishly, wishing I could be the bad girl, the girl he had known years ago.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" He asked. I wish he hadn't. I didn't want the out, I didn't want to be sure. I didn't want to be the one in charge. But in the end, it only took one word: "Yes."

We talked, we made idle chit chat, we talked about our lives, what had changed, what hadn't. While we talked you eased your hand towards mine, touching the tips of my fingers with yours. It was like a shock, just like when we had been together, the electricity still flowed between our bodies. Your dark eyes looked into mine, "Upstairs."

We took the elevator upstairs, standing next to each other, each breath brushing the fabric of our clothes together. When we got to my room my fingers shook as I pulled the card key out of my purse and inserted it into the slot. As soon as we walked into the room all pretense was torn away. I stepped towards you, your back still towards the door, and I leaned forward and licked your lower lip. You still tasted as sweet as I remembered, I kissed your neck and leaned up to your ear "I want to feel you inside me."

For a second he didn't respond, he just pulled back and looked at my eyes a second. Then in a flash he had spun me around so my back was pressed against his chest, with one hand he grabbed my hair and pulled my head to one side and bit down on my neck. He slid your other hand into my blouse and pulled my bra down to my ribcage.

He let go of my hair and pushed my blouse down so that my breasts were fully exposed. He squeezed them roughly and pinched my nipples. I moved my body back against him, I could feel how hard he was through his pants, and I moved my hands behind my back so that I could touch him through his clothes. 

"I didn't say you could touch," He whispered in my ear. 

"what you going to do about it?" I snapped back, willing him to take me in any way, in every way.

He turned me around and pushed me backwards on to the bed. 

"Take off your clothes," he told me, utterly confident that I would obey him. I started to strip down, as slowly as I could. It had been years since he'd seen me, and I wanted to make him groan as I revealed each swath of pale flesh. I slowly stripped off my shirt, and slid my skirt down my legs. I stepped out of my skirt and turned my back to him as I took off my bra. I started to slide my panties over my hips when he said:

"Leave them on."

So I stood there, in my panties and heels, exposed, staring back at him defiantly, like I wasn't going to do everything he told me to, but we both knew I would.

He stripped off his shirt, exposing the olive skin that had always tasted like home. He slowly unzipped his pants, a devilish smirk on his sensual lips, teasing me as he drew down his pants and boxers. He stepped out of his clothes, naked, sensual, powerful in front of me. I sat down on the bed, and he walked over to me. 

His cock tasted just like I had remembered, sweet and tangy. I licked down around the shaft and swirled my tongue around the head of his penis. I pushed me head forward and let my lips enclose around him, and I moved my mouth up and down his cock, sucking gently, savoring his taste.

He pushed me down on the bed, and pushed my legs up, and touched the head of his cock to the wet lace of my panties. He rubbed himself against my panties, getting me wetter and wetter. I wanted him inside me so badly, I reached down and moved the thin sliver of my panties aside and his cock rubbed against my wet lips. I was on fire, I was in agony, I needed him inside me, I couldn't stand it another second.

Just as I was about to try and take charge, to move and force him inside me, he moved away. Without a word he shoved my hands above my head and picked up my pantyhose from the floor. He slowly tied my hands to the headboard, while he was tying me his cock rested gently between my tits. I moved my head down and licked the tip of his cock. He took a sharp breath in, but didn't give any other indication that he was going to stop what he was doing. 

I was stretched out on the bed, with my arms high above my head, thrusting my breasts out, he moved down my body rubbing his cock against my breasts, my belly, my panties, and then my leg as he slid his entire body against mine. He licked and bit my skin the whole way, biting my nipples until I gasped, licking the soft skin of my belly, covering it with his saliva. His tongue danced over my hip, and down the front of my shaved cunt. 

His tongue rimmed the wet lips of my pussy, darting around, teasing me, but never satisfying the growing hunger inside me. He gently bit my lips, and then delved his tongue inside of me. He pinched my clit between his fingers and licked me until the heat in the center of my body started to spread outwards, I was climbing, I was so close...when he stopped.

I almost screamed in frustration, I twisted my body around, trying to get closer to him, get away from him, by this point I wasn't sure what I wanted, all I knew was that I had turned into just a body, just hungry flesh.

He moved up my body, his erection harder than ever, and kissed me. He kissed me until my lips bruised, his tongue licking the inside of my mouth, tasting me. I could taste my own juices on his lips, but more, I could taste him, his unique flavor. 

Without warning he thrust into me, penetrating me to the hilt. It felt so good I almost came just from the sheer joy of it, what I had been missing for so many years. He kissed me again, and thrust into my over and over again, silencing my cries with his mouth. I could feel the orgasm build again, as he moved deeper and harder inside me I was ready to explode, I wrapped my legs around his hips and rocked with him as he pounded into me over and over again. Finally I felt the wave crest over me, my cunt spasmed around him and I came for what felt like an hour. 

Together, afterwards he kissed me and said,

"You know this will never end. You will never be free of me, and I will never be free of you."

"I know," I said.