 They say some things get better with age, and as I looked in the mirror that morning, I decided it was true in my case. I don't think I had ever been what you would consider pretty, but during the last four years I had made a number of changes... lost weight and toned up, bleached my hair... and had some great sexual encounters!

As I put my lipstick on, I was thinking about our previous meetings. They were always passion filled. We were drawn together like magnets from that very first time. I remembered our first kiss and the first time we fucked, which was ten minutes later in the back seat of my car. We just couldn't resist the sexual magnet that drew us together. 

We couldn't get enough of each other, and the more public the place and the riskier it was, the more we loved it!! For 11 amazing months we met as frequently as we could, and fucked like rabbits. You fucked me in public car parks, I sucked your cock in the cinema and my pussy was constantly wet for you. 

Now, four years later, and we were meeting for coffee. I had no expectation of anything else but that. Things hadn't ended well the last time we met and this time we were meeting as friends with no hint of sexual favours. Yet of course I wanted you to know what you were missing, and I dressed accordingly. Tight black vinyl pants... so tight that you could see the outline of my crutch. A yellow tight top that eccentuated my perky breasts and small waist. Killer heels - because these are always a must!

We met at a place we had previously fucked. I remembered the last time we had been there. I had been desperate for you, and called you, asking to meet. I travelled about 45 minutes to get to you, and we didn't have a lot of time. I recalled driving up, opening my car door and you walking over. You passionately kissed me as I spread my legs and you pulled your cock out. Then you entered my wet pussy, thrusting your cock in and out until you came in me. 

Four years felt like a lifetime ago! I nervously got out of the car and sat on the bleachers of the baseball field and waited for you. In typical fashion, you were late, but this time when you arrived, you had coffee with you, so you were forgiven. 

When I saw you, my heart started to beat rapidly, and I could feel that magnetic attraction. We spoke for about an hour, drank our coffees like adults, discussed our interests and loved ones, and then got up to say goodbye. 

Until this time we had not touched, and I almost thought we wouldn't. But I decided it was fitting to say goodbye with a hug, and I gently did that before releasing my arms. You had other ideas though. You pulled me in close and hugged me tight and then started to kiss me, your tongue moving gently and then more insistently in my mouth. 

I could feel your hand on my crutch, stroking the vinyl fabric in my pants and my pussy started to get very wet. Then your hard cock was pushing towards me through your pants and it felt like old times. Unbelievably sexy. 

"Mmmm, baby," you said. "You feel so good. Is your pussy wet?"

"Yes," I gasped. "I want your cock in me!" You continued to kiss me, as you moved me slowly back against the bleachers until I was on my back. 

As you kissed me, your hands moved down to my breasts. One slid further down my body until it landed at the waistline of my pants. With ease and talent you fondled my breast with one hand and started undoing the button of my pants with the other hand. 

Sliding down my zipper, you expertly moved your hand in and under my panties. "Mmmm your pussy is so wet," you murmured. I couldn't wiggle out of my pants fast enough so that you had easy access to my tight little cunt. I couldn't wait to have you again.  

It was a secluded spot during the middle of the day, however there was that naughty thought of us being caught at any moment, literally with our pants down. It made me spread my legs wide at the thought of it, imagining somebody watching from the bushes and getting off on seeing us fuck. 

You took the spreading of my legs as an invitation to taste me. Your thumbs folded the lips of my pussy back and you moved in, your tongue sliding gently up again and again as you sucked out my juices. You started nibbling on my clit, teasing me, biting me gently as you inserted one finger, then another one, into my wet pussy. 

"Fuck. This feels so good. Don't stop!" I was moaning and calling your name as I spread my legs wider and pushed your face into my cunt. 

I was on the verge of cuming when you stopped and moved up to kiss me. You remembered how turned on I would get in the past when I tasted my own pussy juices and this was no exception. As you kissed me you let your cock loose and rammed it hard in me, making me gasp. 

As you thrust into me, I moved my lips away from yours and whispered in your ear, "baby, I've tried lots of new things in the last few years. I've had cock in every one of my holes". I could feel you get harder still as you realised what I meant. You had asked me about anal once in our time together and I vetoed the idea straight away. We had never spoken about it again. 

Now, though, I was a new woman. Experienced. In control. Hell bent on mixed pleasure and pain. And I wanted you in my arse. Badly. 

You didn't wait to be asked. You turned me over and spanked my arse hard. "Spread your legs for me, you dirty slut," you said gruffly. This was definitely new territory for us. I had been used to you treating my like a princess and now you were being mean. For some reason I was turned on all the more! 

You spat on my arse and started licking it, which made me moan loudly. I was playing with my clit at the same time. "That feels so fucking amazing," I said. You then grabbed my arse cheeks and pulled them wide apart as your cock entered me. "Ooh. Oooh. Ooooohh. That's so so good," I gasped. "Keeping fucking me. Harder. Faster!" As I built to a climax you started to cum as well, and I felt your hot load empty into me. The sensation was amazing, and I kept orgasming until you thrust into me for the final time. 

Afterwards, we were both spent, and lay panting on the bleachers together until our legs stopped feeling like jelly. With a lingering kiss, I said goodbye to you. Then I then zipped up my pants and sauntered over to my car, feeling your eyes on my arse the entire way. 

A trip down memory lane can be nice, especially when there are new exciting paths to explore. I'm not sure we will meet up again, but I knew it was an afternoon we would both remember.