 It's too hot. So hot I can't even wear underwear half the time. Summer in Arizona is no joke. It's murder. But heat turns me on too. Something about it just makes my pussy so wet. So I love it sometimes. Sometimes.

Two weeks before the fourth of July I met my master. I had been lounging by the pool at my apartment complex hoping for relief. No such luck in these parts. My blood was boiling and my whole body felt like I might explode if someone touched me just the right way. I wore my favorite swimsuit. Gold, brief, comfortable, and hopefully not too much of a come fuck me sign. I dove into the pool that was too hot. The temp had reached 109 and made the water so unbearable I had to come up for air. That's when I saw him. He had just come in. He glanced at me as I came out of the pool ringing out my soaked red hair. His smile was stunning. Two rows of sparkling white teeth. Amazing. Only movie stars have that kind of smile, in my opinion. He had dark hair cropped short and styled perfectly to his features. His bright green eyes lit up more when he smiled. He was literally mouthwatering. It made my knees shake. He waved at me and then turned his attention to the young looking girl beside him. Disappointment made me feel strange; it was a bitter taste in my mouth. I looked away and hurried to get my things and run up to my apartment.

Once there, I checked my messages and found that my girls wanted to go out they were coming to get me at seven thirty. I looked at the clock and decided a quick shower was in order followed by a nap because I was exhausted. 

I woke up at five thirty and started getting. Doing my hair and makeup with extra care. I wasn't really sure why. I wore my favorite flared black skirt. The kind that probably belonged on a playboy bunny and was just short enough to turn a few heads. And my black tank top that pushed my d cups up perfectly. I stared at my reflection in the mirror for a few minutes before putting on my spiked heels and rushing out to meet my friends. 

"Wow girl you look amazing." My friend Abbey said after whistling at me. I blushed.

"Shut up." I looked down quickly. She laughed at me and put her car into gear. I glanced behind me and smiled at my two other friends. Carrie and Caitlin. They both winked at me. I felt a little bad but not too bad since they were all dressed in similar fashions. 

When we got to the club it was packed and it was only eight. I glanced at my cell phone and then left it in the car not wanting any calls or texts from my god awful ex. We all squeezed our way to the bar and ordered drinks. I stayed put while Abbey and Caitlin ran to the bathroom. Carrie sat next to me and rocked her head in time to the music. I pulled at my tank top even though the sun had gone down it was still too hot. I was fanning myself when I heard the soft voice.

"Hello." I turned my head and hunk from the pool was there. I almost swallowed my tongue. He smiled at me. 

"Hi." I didn't trust my voice. He sat down on my right. Carrie glanced at him did a double take and started drooling. He nodded at her. 

"May I buy you a drink?" He asked politely. His voice was soft and hypnotizing. I couldn't take my eyes away from him. 

"No I- that is we, we are all set. We already bought our drinks." I stumbled over my words and felt like an ass. He raised one eyebrow and grinned.

"Maybe I can buy the second round for you and your friends." He offered. He took a sip of his drink casually. The music changed. He looked at me again.

"Uh-"This time I couldn't even fake a response. Carrie jumped in.

"You two should dance." She said. He looked at her over his shoulder and then back at me.

"I'd like that. Would you?" He asked me. Carrie was behind him nodding her head up and down and mouthing yes. I rolled my eyes at her. He turned his head just enough to see her doing it. "You're friend likes the idea." He added. Carrie turned red.

"I'd like that too." I admitted. He stood up and offered me his hand. As soon as I placed mine in his I found it comforting. His hand was insanely warm. He led me to the dance floor and when he found a free spot her turned to me.

"I'm Carter." He shouted over the music. I froze again hypnotized by how hot he was. 

"Tara." I shouted back. He graced me with a smile. Nobody should ever be allowed to look so gorgeous. He put his hands on my hips and guided me closer to him moving his hands just slightly to make me rock my hips. I tried to keep up with his slow pace but the song was too fast. He laughed.

"I'm ashamed to admit I can't really dance. You'll have to take the lead." He whispered his mouth pressed against my ear. I shuttered. 

"Ok try to keep up." I'm a natural dirty dancer. I don't do it purposely but somehow when I dance guys get hot and bothered even if I'm wearing my normal attire of a t shirt and jeans. He didn't seem to mind me dirty dancing with him though so I felt comfortable doing it. When the song ended he led me back to the bar. I looked around for my friends but couldn't see any of them.

"How about that drink?" He asked winking at me lazily. 

"I uh, I have one." 

"You can't drink it. God only knows who put what in it while we where away. Better let me buy you a fresh one. What's your poison?" He asked signaling for the bar tender.

"Vodka and cranberry juice." I said softly.

"Sorry couldn't hear you what was that?" He leaned so close to me I could smell his cologne. My mouth went dry for a few seconds I had to swallow a few times. 

"Vodka and cranberry juice." I shouted. He looked at me. His eyes lighting up again.

"Funny I took you for a screw driver type." He teased. 

"Allergic to orange juice." I said. He nodded and ordered our drinks He sat on the bar stool. I sat beside him. When our drinks came back he took a sip of mine before handing it to me. I gave him a questioning look. 

"Checking it. No need to get drugged." He shrugged. 

"You live around here?" I asked taking a long drink. He shook his head.

"No down here for vacation. Got to say I'm not love the weather. I prefer my hometown."

"Where's that?" I asked he shook his head again.

"I'm more interested in you." He said looking at me. I choked on my drink.

"Why?" I asked.

"I'll ask the questions sweet heart. If that's alright. You're coming to my hotel room tonight. I want to do so many things to you we may need a few nights." He finished his drink and set his glass down then turned back to me.

"Wh- what?" I choked out. He put his hands in his lap.

"I don't live here I was visiting my cousin. The girl you glared at by the pool. So I'm staying in a hotel room. You are coming with me." He grabbed my hand and led me through the crowd toward the door. I looked back once more for my friends before we left. He led me across the parking lot to his car a small compact black car. I couldn't tell what exactly though. He unlocked my door and opened it for me. He walked around the car and got in.

"Seat belt, please." He said as he started the car. He turned down the music and pulled out of the parking lot a little fast. My heart was slamming against my rib cage so hard I thought he'd hear it. If he did he didn't glance at me as he guided his car through traffic. He pulled into the parking lot of a hotel I had never been to and tossed his keys at the valet. I glanced at him as Carter grabbed my hand and led me to the elevators. He looked me up and down a few times and smiled.

"You're not wearing underwear." He said confidently. I turned a little red and looked down.

"No. I'm not. It was so hot and-" He held up a hand to silence me, shook his head and smiled at me as if it didn't matter. He pushed the button for the fourth floor and leaned back against the door. He reeked of confidence. Not arrogance like most men are so apt to reek of but confidence. He held his head high; his shoulders back as if he was in charge. I looked away quickly. When we got to the fourth floor he hustled me down the hall and opened his room letting me pass before he put the do not disturb sign on his door and shut it soundly. 

The room was done in dark red shades. It looked like a presidential suite. I walked around looking at everything but touching nothing. He watched me as he made his way to the bed. He sat down and patted the spot next to him. I looked at it warily and then perched on the bed ready to run at a seconds notice. He laughed softly.

"Do me a favor." He said. I looked at him and then looked quickly at my hands in my lap. 

"Stand up please." I rose slowly to my feet he grabbed me and moved me in front of him. "Spin around slowly for me. I want to get a good look at you." He commanded. I did so feeling as if I were a puppet on a string and loving it. 

"Nice." He leaned back a little and looked at me from an angle. I stared at him. He stared back. I blushed and looked away.

"Really." He said when I looked down. I said nothing. He pulled me closer to him running his hands up my legs and under my skirt. He grabbed my ass hard jerking me forward until he could kiss me. He kissed me softly at first and then harder his tongue moving between my lips and teeth. He explored my mouth and I tried to remember to breathe. He pulled back and pulled me into his lap. He lifted my skirt up a little so I could straddle him. I kept telling myself to breathe. He was just a guy.

He kissed me again cupping my ass and moving me back and forth against his growing erection. I moaned. I couldn't help it. He snickered against my mouth. He kissed my cheek and my neck biting me softly. I cried out and bit my lip.

"You like that?" He asked sweetly. I bounced a little in his lap afraid to answer. He moaned and bit me again.

"Now, I want you to stand up and strip but slowly. I want to see you before I shut off the lights so I can memorize what you look like." He said pushing me off his lap carefully. I stood there like a frightened child. He leaned back on his arms casually and waited saying nothing. Slowly I took off my shoes so I wouldn't fall and then took my tank top off. He whistled softly through his teeth but still said nothing. I unfastened my bra and set it on the chair. Then slowly worked my skirt off. When I was standing naked in front of him I turned to face him. He eyed me for a few minutes and then rose to his feet. He stood in front of me and cupped my tits leaning down to take one into his mouth. I gasped. He bit me very softly. I wasn't sure how to react so I remained still. He reached up and grabbed the rubber band holding my hair in place taking it out carefully and letting my hair spill down to my shoulder blades. The curls where looser than they had been before I left the house. He caressed my hair and kissed my mouth again. 

He took off his shirt and I got an eye full of his rock hard abs and tan skin. He kicked off his shoes and socks and then quickly took off his pants and boxers. I tried not to look down. He lifted my chin so that I would have to look at me and pressed his mouth against mine. Then he started walking backwards pulling me with him until he came in contact with the bed He sat down pulling me down over him. He began rocking my hips back and forth letting my juices cover his cock before he reached for a condom and put it on. He looked up at me again.

"Ride me. Slowly. I'll tell you when to speed up." He said. I did so letting soft moans escape my lips every time he thrust upward into me softly. Enough for me to feel it. He commanded me to speed up some and again I did so without questioning. I felt strange. I hated being bossed around in bed as if I was a toy but I wanted him to tell me what to do. It felt so good to listen to his voice. He started rocking my hips in a wide circle. I moaned louder. His cock thrust in and out of me and I began to get dizzy. He noticed it and purposely popped out. I whimpered in protest. He grinned at me.

"We have all night." He reminded me. I waited for him to give me instructions. He sat all the way up and whispered in my ear.

"I want you to get down on your hands and knees and face away from me. Then I'm going to pound you from behind. And spank you." I nodded and got down on my hands and knees. He ran his palm over my ass softly before smacking me hard. I moaned and jerked forward. He grabbed my hips and slammed into me. I moaned and thrust backward against him. He smacked me again and I jerked. He started moving in and out of me fast and hard. Exactly how I like it. I tried to match his pace but he held me in place every time I tried so I held still and let him fuck me. He leaned forward his rock hard abs pressed against my back. He grabbed my hair and turned my head so he could whisper in my ear again.

"You're so wet. It feels amazing even with the condom on. You're also very tight and I can feel you starting to tense up are you going to have an orgasm? I'd like it very much if you did." He moaned softly in my ear and that sent me over the edge. I screamed when my orgasm hit. He held still for me kissing my cheek and neck waiting until I was done then he started moving again. He let go of my hair and I fell all the way forward my face buried into the pillow Carter started fucking me harder than before. I moaned and begged him to keep going. He leaned forward again and began to massage my tits while he fucked me. His balls hitting my clit every time he thrust into me. I felt myself getting close to another orgasm. I tried to think about something, anything else. I didn't want to make a mess. Carter grabbed my hair again and gave it a hard tug. I gasped and my pussy started pulsing again with my second orgasm. He held still again waiting for me to finish. When I did he pulled out and rolled me over onto my back. He spread my legs and buried his cock into me so deep I felt like I'd burst. He looked down at me as he moved slowly in and out. 

"Carter." I whispered.

"Yes?"

"Please I can't. No more." I begged. He shook his head.

"You can trust me. I won't hurt you any more than you want to be hurt." He said. He started moving faster lifting my hips making me take him all. I moaned and clawed his back. He didn't seem to mind that either. He lifted my hips all the way off the bed and thrust into me hard four times before going still. He moaned really loud and then gently let my hips back down on the bed. He lay his head on my chest catching his breath before raising his head to look at me.

"Does the heat make you hornier?" He asked. I nodded. "Yet you still live in Arizona. Fascinating. " He shook his head and laughed. He rolled off of me and pulled me on top of him looking up at me.

"I'm not done with you yet I hope you can keep up." He said cupping my tits again. He bit one nipple then the other before letting them drop.

"Carter-" I tried to sound stern. It didn't work when I only moaned his name. He said nothing running his hands between my tits and down my stomach. I shuttered and looked down at him.

"You will be my soft, trusting lover won't you?" He whispered. I could only nod. He bit his lip and contemplated me. "Stand up again for me. Go stand in front of that mirror." He commanded. He waited for me to do so and then he left the room quickly. I couldn't figure out where he had gone until he came back with a fresh condom on. He turned me so I was facing the mirror and started playing with my tits. I tried to talk and he shook his head.

"Don't. Just watch. See how hard you make me?" He said pointing at the mirror. I looked in the darkness and nodded. He moved to turn on the light and then moved behind me again. Stroking his cock looking at me and smiling. I started to turn around and he held me in place with one hand. "Look into the mirror don't turn around again or I'll punish you." He kept stroking his cock watching me watching him. "You're very beautiful. Did you know that?" He asked. I shook my head. He frowned and smacked my ass.

"Don't put yourself down either. You're extremely beautiful. Don't deny it." He pressed his cock against my wet opening and entered me again bending me over slightly but keeping my head tilted so that I could see him fucking me in the mirror. For some reason this was an even bigger turn on then fucking him. I started to squirt and I could see it soaking his condom. Every time he thrust into me I heard the squishing sound. Every time he pulled back I saw my liquid pooling onto the floor. It gave me a head rush. He kept going until I was screaming then he pulled out and dropped to his knees tasting me. He moaned and lapped at me like a cat with a bowl of milk. I struggled to stay standing. He held my hips keeping me from falling. 

"Carter. Oh god. I'm too sensitive now please don't." I begged. He ignored me and brought me to another shattering orgasm with his tongue. I couldn't breathe at all after that. He stood up and caught me when my knees gave out. He carried me into the bathroom and turned on the water. He sat me down on the edge of the tub while he fiddled with the knobs. He picked me up and sat down in the tub with me in front of him. He grabbed a bar of soap and began to lather it in his hands he washed my tits in slow small circles with his palms. I moaned. The water was so hot. He shut it off and rinsed my chest off. 

"I guess I should say this is one of my best vacations. I can't wait to come back." He kissed my cheek trailing down my neck and then back up. I bit my lip and remained silent. "One of these days I'll tie you up. Not tonight because you look a little tired but soon. Before I leave town I think." He whispered in my ear. I nodded and leaned back against him. He moved my hair and nibbled my ear and neck. I shifted a little and he gave a soft laugh.

"I'll stop the torture now. Come on let's get dried off and into bed."

It's been four years. He still comes back every summer and as soon as I see him I start to obey his every command. He's got me very well trained. I love it though. A few times he's stuck to his word and tied me up fucking me until I scream his name so loud he thinks that we will wake the dead. He says he loves that. Me screaming his name. I love doing it. I love the taste of his cum, the feel of his cock filling my mouth or pussy. I love his hands all over my body. His mouth everything. I can't get enough of him. I'm pretty sure he can't get enough of me. I love my master. I love him telling me how to dress. I love it all. He seems to take as much pleasure as he gives in hearing my moaning and feeling me squirt in his mouth or all over his cock. I can't wait to see him again next summer. He promises it will be a blast.