 There's just something slutty about a bleach blonde that drives my wild. And here, right in front of me was one exquisite example of what I had always lusted for. 

At first, it was a typical visit with my wife to the local Walmart, but it ended far from typical by the time I left. I first spotted her as she sashayed by me, her hips swaying deliciously from side to side. Her strut alone would've gotten her noticed, but that hair, porcelain skin and doll like blue eyes alone made her a pleasure to look at. But then there was her BODY!! Her firm tits, erect nipples pushing against the satin shiny blouse she wore, her short black slitted on the side skirt and heels accentuated her calves, thighs and ass.

Oh, my god! That ass! It was a perfect bubble butt. The kind that only black girls have, but when a white girl has one it raises the stakes even higher. I would've done anything at that moment to lick her ass and push my tongue inside her asshole and pussy until she screamed. She must've sensed the attention I was giving, because she suddenly looked up and smiled at me. She looked at my crotch and her smile broadened; realizing that my cock was bulging out I got embarrassed. But my nymph goddess just continued to smile and licked her lips. 

She walked closer to me and knelt down in front of me; making me actually gasp like a fucking school boy. But she was just teasing! She quickly turned her head and faced the shelf that was next to her, her head just inches away from my throbbing thick cock. 

As I started to back away embarrassed, she spoke. She urged me not to go, but to stay. Lifting her eyes to look at me and then dropping them down again to my cock, which was leveled with her mouth. I stood frozen, saying nothing.

She looked pass me, making sure we were alone and reached out and laid her hand on my cock, feeling the roundness of my shaft through my pants. At that moment I couldn't care where I was, nor the fact that my wife was somewhere near, around in the store. All I knew was that this fantasy woman was touching me and I wanted to explode. 

Her tongue darted out of her red glossy lips and licked the corners of her mouth. She then opened my zipper. My cock flopped out; causing her eyes to widen. In an instant she had my cock in her mouth. Sucking it slowly and intensely. She sucked as if she adored it. My cock head was engorged. She would lick the sides of my shaft, trailing her tongue all the way to the base. Licking the underside of my balls as she got to them. My cock throbbed. I couldn't believe what was happening! Right in the middle of fucking Walmart!! All this went on undetected.

She tightened her grip with every intense stroke; her mouth stretching wide to accommodate all me in her small but hungry mouth. I finally couldn't hold back any longer. My cock convulsed as if it had its own life, which for the moment it did. My cum shot out. But instead of pulling away, my blonde slut pushed her face deeper into my crotch. Cum was now running outside of her mouth, a giant glob on her chin. Yet she continued to suck and stroke the beast. I thought of how Bill Clinton must've felt, when Monica "Blew"insky did him in the Oval office. Ok so Walmart isn't the Oval office! But so what! My cock got sucked!

There's something to be said about getting head in a public place by a stranger. Especially, one that looked like she did. I never found out her name, nor did I ever see her again. And trust me, I went back everyday for a month, looking for her.

Till this day, my wife can't figure out why I get so excited whenever she says we need to go to Walmart. Hee..hee...