 It all started innocently enough. My friends Gloria, Maggie, Wendy and I were sitting around a table, drinking wine, supposedly playing bridge. It was something we did almost every Friday night while our husbands played poker. As always we got a bit tipsy—make that drunk—and the conversation turned to sex. Thank goodness we all lived on the same block and could walk home because after the conversation we had my legs were rubbery, and not just from alcohol.

Maggie had said something about how she enjoyed giving head when Wendy laughed, stared straight at her and said, "Come on, now. It's not the act of sucking a cock that matters. It's the reaction of the man. I mean—could you suck a cock just to suck a cock? Wait? Does that question even make sense?"

I told you that we are a bit drunk.

"I understand what she's saying," Gloria said. "I mean, if someone stood in front of you with his prick dangling in your face, and you didn't know who that person was and couldn't see him, would you be enthusiastic about taking that cock into your mouth?"

"Yeah," I said. "Could you, you know, partake in a glory hole setup?"

"That's disgusting," Maggie said. "I don't think those things really exist. They're just a male fantasy."

"I agree," Wendy said. "But the question is—would you enjoy sucking an anonymous cock as much as sucking the cock of some guy you liked?"

"Ha," I said. "There's been more than one occasion in the past when I was with some guy I barely knew..."

"Yeah," Wendy said. "But you were turned on, right? So, even though you didn't know the guy, you knew you wanted to be with him. That doesn't count as an anonymous blow job."

"I have a more interesting question," Gloria said. "If, somehow, you were given a cock to suck, and it could be your husband's cock or not, would you be able to tell?"

"Good question," I said. "Are you asking if we can discern our husband's cock from other cocks?"

"I'd know if it was my husband to whom I was giving a blow job," Wendy said.

"Really," Maggie said. "How, exactly?"

"By his reactions to what I do," Wendy said. "For example, sometimes, not often mind you, but sometimes I let my tongue linger on Tom's asshole."

"Gosh," Gloria said. "I never do that."

"You should try it," Maggie said. "He'll love it."

"There's another question to be asked," I said. "Given that the guy would not be able to know who was giving him a blow job—would he be able to tell us from anyone else?"

"Of course," Maggie said. "I would know by what he does. For example, my husband likes to use my nipples like I was a cow, you know, squeezing them and pulling them up and down."

"Christ," I said. "I am so fucking horny right now. Anyway, Mick likes to run his hands through my hair while I'm sucking him off and, when he's close to coming, push down on my head."

"Not only does my husband push down on my head," Wendy said. "He actually starts to fuck my mouth. You know, raising and lowering his hips."

"Okay," Gloria said. "We have two questions to be answered. Can we tell our husband's cocks from other cocks and can they tell our blow jobs from other blow jobs. I think we should put this to a test. I think we should be blindfolded, our men should be blindfolded and...well...we see who can determine what."

We all laughed so hard we almost cried. I said, "You mean a double blow job blind test."

"Yes," Gloria said. 

"It would never work," Wendy said. "Lydia and I have long hair, for example. We also have small tits. You two have short hair and big tits. If you, Gloria, were sucking my husband's cock, he would know it wasn't me the minute he felt my tits or my hair."

"Easily solved," Gloria said. "Maggie and I would switch husbands and you two would switch husbands."

"Or not," I said. "Suppose we put someone else in charge and that person actually hooked us up with our own husbands. We wouldn't know if it was our husband's cock we were sucking or not. On top of that our husbands wouldn't know from whom they were getting the blow job. That would add a new dimension, right?"

"We'd have a fifty-fifty chance of guessing right," Wendy said.

Maggie slammed her hand on the table. "Let's do it," she shouted.

"Whoa," I said. "We have to get our husbands to agree. We also have to make sure no one can look for physical indicators. Like, my husband has a very hairy chest. Wendt's husband does not."

"Tee shirts," Wendy said.

"And there's also our techniques," Gloria said. "We're all gonna have to compare notes and do the same things."

"I'm not sure I want to lick my husband's ass," Gloria said.

"Oh, come on," I said. "It's for science."

"Well...okay," she said.

"One potential problem," Maggie said. "The guys might be a bit...um...nervous and able to get fully hard. It happens. You know. I remember once we were in a sauna at a hotel. I was giving my husband a blow job and someone walked in on us. They gasped, turned around and left but after that it was a no go."

"I'll steal some Viagra from my father-in-law." Maggie said. "That'll take care of that problem."

Well, that was that. The test was on. For the next hour we sat around sharing blow job techniques and making plans. All the husbands had to agree or the plan would be abandoned, so we had to make sure we got them to agree. That meant of week of spectacular blow jobs on our parts. Then we'd meet the next Friday and to share our experiences. Then we would pop the question to our husbands.

<><><><><><><><><><>

I was happy to get home before my husband Mick did. I was so horny I stripped naked, got on my knees, imagined that someone was fucking me while I sucked another cock and rubbed myself to a blissful orgasm. That didn't mean I wasn't still horny, though. When my husband got home I grabbed him, dragged him to the bedroom, told him to get undressed and did a slow striptease for him. Then I pulled the shades down as far as I could, closed the bedroom door and turned off the lights. I crawled towards him slowly, listening to every sound he made and, when I reached his prick, licked it up and down. I was trying to memorize every physical aspect of his dick for future reference. 

My research, as it were, was interrupted by and explosion of cum in my mouth. I coughed, sat up, swallowed and, in a raspy voice, mumbled, "I guess you liked that."

"Yeah," he said. "It seemed like you were so intense. It was incredible. Come on, climb on top of me."

I love that about my husband—back to back orgasms are the norm for him so, unlike most guys, he can give me a good fucking after I give him a good blow job.

The next day Wendy and I compared notes and decided that we would do exactly the same thing with our husbands to test their reactions. So, once again I got Mick into a dark bedroom and continued my research. This time I let my tongue linger on his asshole for exactly ten seconds. Then I nibbled on his balls a bit before taking him into my mouth. He really exploded this time!

"Jesus," he said. "You've never licked my ass before."

"I never thought of doing it before," I said. "Did you like it?"

"Yeah. Now I know why you like it so much when I lick you ass. Come on. Roll onto your stomach."

Aaaaaaaaah. I love the feeling of a warm wet tongue on my little puckered hole. I could let him do it for hours. Come to think of it, I think we did that night.

Wendy and I agreed that we would both use our teeth the next night and the night after say this to our husband—fuck my mouth.

When I said those words Mick was shocked. "What?"

"Put your hands on my head and fuck my mouth."

Fuck my mouth he did, pushing my head down so far that his jism went straight into my belly. 

The next night Wendy and I agreed that we would tell our husbands to squeeze our nipples and milk us like we were cows.

Finally the time arrived, the time when we would ask our husbands if they would participate in the blind test. Mick was shocked and, at first, annoyed, I kept telling him, "It's just a blow job and neither I nor the guy will know who is who."

It took a while but he finally agreed.

<><><><><><><><><><>

Gloria certainly had this well-planned. She brought along a guy and girl she knew to guide the men and us into the bedrooms. To add some excitement she would have the guys get naked in front of the girl after which she would blindfold them. Of course, we would have to get naked in front of the guy and then have him blindfold us.

Once the guys were in bed the girl would cover then with a heavy quilt that had a fold cut in it, a hole just big enough to let us perform the blow jobs. The quilt would prevent us from feeling around the guys' bodies for physical features that would give away who they were.

Maggie, as promised, brought along eight Viagra pills which the guys took one hour before the test was to begin.

After that it was just the four of us sucking off—well, we didn't know who, did we?

My God how I tried to determine whose prick was in my mouth—Mick's or Tom's. I did everything Wendy and I had agreed to do. I licked his asshole, I put his hands on my nipples so he would squeeze them, I massaged his balls, I used his teeth and, when I was ready, I put his hands on top of my head to remind him to fuck my mouth. When he came, I had a massive orgasm.

Yet neither of us made a sound.

After resting a bit I did what I had been instructed to do—I got off the bed and, on my hands and knees, crawled backward to the door. Only after I let myself out and closed the door behind me was I allowed to take off my blindfold and go to a bathroom to get dressed.

I had just put on my panties when Wendy came in. Speaking in rapid-fire whispers we compared notes.

"Mouth fuck?"

"Yes. Tit milking?"

"Yes. Teeth?"

"Yes. Asshole licking?"

And so on. We had done everything we had set out to do in exactly the same order. Wendy and I agreed that there was no way we could determine who had shot his cum into our mouths, so we came up with another plan, one that we would put into effect when we had to reveal who we thought we had been with.

I dreaded making a public statement but Gloria came to our rescue. "No," she said. "We're not going to say who we thought we were with here. You all can do that in the privacy of your homes."

Mick and I didn't say a word while we walked home, but once in the house he wasted no time asking me whose cock I thought I had sucked.

Before I answered, though, I said what Wendy and I had agreed to say. "I have a confession. I...I had an orgasm when...when the person came."

"Interesting," Mick said. "Well, I guess that's fair. After all, I had an orgasm as well. So, who was it? Me or Tom."

"It...it had to be Tom," I said. "It had to be because he came so fast. You can last forever, you know? But I barely had the chance to do everything I wanted before he came."

Mick laughed and hugged me. "I know it was you sucking me off. You did everything you'd been doing for the last week and it was fantastic. Especially the ass licking and the teeth. Yeah, I admit I couldn't hold off, but it was just so exciting. Besides, I don't think Gloria would have set us apart, do you?"

We'll never know, will we?