 With a frustrated sigh, Keely shut the bathroom door and banged her head lightly on it. "Stupid." she thought over and over. There was no getting away from the facts though, she was as aroused as she'd ever known and needed relief. With trembling-sweating palms she fumbled through her purse for her keys and un-clipped her keychain vibrator at the third attempt, silently thanking God for small miracles. "I can't even control my own hands anymore." She murmured to herself. 

Smiling slightly, she dropped her damp skirt and inched her naked bottom onto the cold black marble counter top. Leaning back against the mirror, she spread her thighs and ran her fingers over her dripping clit and closed her eyes as her body trembled at her own touch. She was close...really close to stepping off the edge of bliss. Turing on the vibrator and feeling the pulsating beat dance up her fingers, Keely felt her body flood with more juices. Bracing a foot against the rim of the sink, she slipped the vibrator into her open, dripping body. Sinking the vibrator back and forth, she fingered her clit and thought of her date . . .

*****

It had all started with the dinner invitation: just a simple, "Will you have dinner with me sometime." It was an invitation that should have never been given and never been accepted because of their working relationship. Keely knew that any relationship between them had to be nipped in the bud. Keely smiled wickedly, she liked playing with fire and for once- she was going to play and had accepted the invitation.

Waiting for him to come into the living room from the kitchen, Keely thought of the man who she hoped would become her lover. Tall for his Asian descent, Kevin carried himself with a strong sense of pride and joyfulness. Those months of working with him as her manager, slowly built the tension so tight that a knife couldn't cut it and had fellow employees looking at them with knowing grins. Catching him walking into the room, she watched him move toward her, the dimmed lights making his ink black hair shine with an iridescent blue hue. Her eyes roved over his body taking in the button-up black shirt that hugged the slim muscles of his chest and arms and the tight blue jeans that hugged his hips and outlining the long, muscular thighs and calf of his legs.

"Madam, your whiskey-laced tea." Keely chuckled as Kevin handed her a glass coffee cup, his palm and long fingers dwarfing the small cup. "Thank you, Kev." Playfully Keely lowered her eyes and peered at him from beneath her lashes, "Now, if I'm guessing right, I think you've been avoiding this question all night, but I need to know why you invited me to dinner tonight."

Kevin looked at her, really looked. Her shoulder-length, reddish brown hair fell gently around her sharp cheek bones that told the story of the Native American blood that flowed in her veins. The backlight from a lamp cast a soft glow around her face giving her a classic sexy look, but behind her tiny, silver glasses, her dark grey eyes held his, waiting for his answer. "I think you know Keely. You know I've asked Amy about you . . ."

". . . and I've seen the women you date." Keely cut Kevin off, it was rude, but she wanted answers, and not the answers her friend could give her. "I'm not like them. Kevin, I know you've talked to Amy, she's told you many times that I'm not someone who takes sex, dating, and all the other stuff that goes with it lightly. I know that she's told you how I feel about myself, which means you know that I'm really insecure about myself and how I look."

"How you look! My heavens Keely! Your body's perfect!" Keely raised and eyebrow and looked at his whiskey brown eyes. She knew he was telling her the truth; one of the knacks she acquired over the years was the ability to read people's eyes, and his were just devouring her. Softly he said, "You have a body that a man can fall into Keely, soft and rounded. Those women you have seen me with . . . they mean nothing." Kevin sat on the couch next to her and leaned his head back against the soft, buttery black leather, "Not anymore."

Keely looked though the sliding door of Kevin's apartment and stared into the darkened sky beyond the pool. She knew he wasn't lying; she just couldn't bring herself to accept that someone as good looking and sought after, as Kevin, would want to become her lover. Still looking out into the distance she took a sip of her laced tea, and nearly killed herself as she chocked, sputtering her tea all over herself as Kevin's quiet words washed over her musing form. Turning her head sharply, her eyes grey clashed with his. "Did I hear you correctly!" 

Kevin smile. "Yes you heard me correctly." He paused and watched hungrily as her fingers bushed over the drops of tea that had landed on the curved, swollen rise of her breast. Licking his full lips, he groaned softly, not noticing as Keely's eyes glanced to his suddenly flushed face. Slowly she, dipped her fingers into the deep cleft of her breasts made by the confinement of her bra and smiled, reflecting the wickedness and passion her body was starving for. Watching his eyes fix on the fingers that rested between her warm breasts she whispered his name softly, "Kevin?" 

Kevin jerked his gaze to meet her eyes and realized that they were focused on his that flushed face, he repeated; "Have you ever played "I want you to . . .?"

Keely's mind reeled. She not only knew the game really well, but she knew, personally, the author who originated the game through one of his own erotic stories. As if through a fog, she heard Kevin's voice washing over her, "From your look, I can guess that you do know the story, where it comes from, and its meaning."

With a trembling hand, she set what was left of her tea on the small coffee table and looked directly into Kevin's eyes and read the promise of what was to come. "Yes. I know the game and the story very well. Mr. Smith is quite a pleasurable writer. He's a very good friend of mine. We met when I commented him about one of his pieces. From there on it's been a great friendship" 

"You know him?" 

Keely looked up and raised her eyebrows, her gaze never leaving his face as he shifted his body toward hers. "What's wrong with that?" she asked quietly, tracing one of the leather buttons on the couch's seat.

"Nothing. I've always wanted to meet him. His stories leave something to the imagination." 

Keely bowed her head and chuckled. She knew how well his stories could lead to the imagination and hoped that she and Kevin could sometime act them out.

"Well then." Kevin mused aloud in the heavy silence of the apartment, amazed that Keely knew Mr. Smith and his writings.

"Kev . . ." Keely scooted closer to him on the couch, her knees touching his thighs as she faced him. Her eyes betrayed her uncertainty at the reaction she got from Kevin about her online friendship. 

Kevin smiled and reached out to trace Keely's full lips, with his broad tipped fingers. "I was just surprised that you would know someone though e-mail, but you've never met him in person." Trailing off, her leaned forward and kissed her small pert nose. "Now, back to the original concern of tonight, I'm going to make you see that I want you and only you. Do you still want to play?" At her small nod, Kevin's smile broadened into a grin. "I want you to kiss me Keely. Kiss me with all that passion you've been storing up for me at work."

Keely blushed. She couldn't help it, she thought she had kept her desires in check at work, but apparently Kevin, and others, had noticed. Shifting once more on the couch, Keely rose over his lounging form and pressed her lips gently against his warm firm lips and felt them soften as her tongue gently ran a warm, wet line across the seam. With a growl, Kevin deepened the kiss, his mouth opening on hers. Slipping their tongues into each others welcoming mouths they explored, tasted. Shifting her mouth, Keely coxed Kevin's tongue deeper into her and then returned the favor to him. Soon, their kiss spiraled deeper and deeper into heated passion, their mouths and tongues dancing a duel of possession that was as old as time.

With a quiet moan, Keely lowered her upper body against Kevin's, her hips pressing into his side, her soft, lush lips closed firmly against his to stop his thrusting tongue from taking possession of the kiss. Chuckling, Kevin pulled back and rested his head against the back of the couch, his heaving breath mixing with Keely's in an attempt to breathe. Slowly he ran his hand down her smooth hair, wrapping his fist around it once he reached the layered ends.

Keely shifted her weight as Kevin's hand tightened his possession on her. Grinning, her straight white teeth gleaming, she straddled his thigh, her skirt rising to expose her long sleekly muscled thighs. "I want you to kiss my neck." Kevin arched a black eyebrow and tilted his head to the side. Tugging on her hair to bring her head softly to the opposite side of his tilted face, Kevin's firm lips caressed her jaw down to the dancing pulse in her throat. Taking a deep breath, Kevin inhaled her own feminine sent and perfume before he traced her vein with the tip of his tongue. Suddenly he clamped his lips and teeth over the vein and felt Keely's responding exclamation of "Oh!" along with the deep grind of her hips against his leg as he suckled the soft, giving flesh.

Letting go of her hair, his mouth lifting from her neck, he shifted their bodies and lowered her onto her back; the leather of the couch sinking as his weight settled over hers. Just as slowly as he lowered their bodies, Keely's hands rose in panic and shoved at his broad shoulders. 

"Kevin . . .?" her body tensed under his in fear of not knowing what was going to. 

"Sh . . ." Kevin met her grey eyes and held her gazed. "All you have to do is say 'Stop' and it all ends." Keely nodded and tilted her head back as Kevin lowered his lips once again to the vulnerable skin at her neck.

"You know Keely..." Kevin whispered as he nibbled and sucked on her ear, "I've wanted to this for the year and a half I've known you. I've always wanted you, even before you became a manager and you turned that saucy I-don't-give-a-damn-what-you-think attitude on me." Pulling back from her sweet neck Kevin looked into her closed eyes. "You're mine Keely. Mine." Kevin lowered his head and sank his teeth into her neck and shoulder muscles, branding her as his and only his by marring the soft, white skin.

Keely arched off the couch, pain mingling with the pleasure of having his teeth press into the soft skin, her hips ground into the hard thigh that pressed her deeper into the couch as she felt his firm mouth suckling her. "Ah . . . shit . . . Kev . . ." she murmured as she pulled away from his mouth. She was trembling and her neck felt like it was on fire. Slowly his words came back to her "You're mine--. . ." Keely laughed and basked in the pleasure of his words even as her fingers came to rest on the tender spot. Just from the low throbbing sensation she felt, she knew she'd have trouble hiding it when she went into work.

"I want you to give me permission to do what I want to your body Keely. I want total control." Kevin raised himself from her body and sat at the base of her feet, waiting for her answer and her surrender. Keely smiled to herself, a pleased happy smile . . . she was getting what she had wanted ever since she first saw him. Lowering her fingers to the buttons of her blouse, she flicked them open to reveal the black cami, lacey black bra, and creamy white skin underneath. Sitting up, never breaking his gaze from hers, she shrugged off her shirt, tugged the cami over her head and reached to her side to undo the zipper of her skirt.

"Don't. Please, leave it on." 

Her hands fell away from her side. Under his intense stare she began to wiggle and squirm. "Kev . . ."

He chuckled and moved to her side. "Take this off." His hands reached out and grasped the black cami's hem and together they raised it over her head, revealing the lacy black bra and the hidden destined pink nipples. "Lay back Keely, I think it's time to show you what I want." Keely smiled and lay back on the couch, the black leather caressing her naked back.

Kevin looked down and let his eyes feast on her perfect body. Her pink nipples stood to attention behind the lace, waiting to for the homage he would pay them, her belly, slightly round, dipped into the covered waist and gentle "V" between them. Kevin laughed and traced a finger around her navel and the silver Playboy Bunny ring that pierced it. "I heard that you had this done. Did it hurt?"

"Only afterwards." Keely laid her hand over his, stopping the circular motion of his fingers. "That tickles." Kevin smiled as he lifted her hand and placed it on his shoulder. Kevin felt her fingers tighten briefly before they began to rub light circles over the muscles through his shirt. Stretching out beside her, Kevin pressed an open mouth kiss on the now deep purple teeth mark he left behind.

Keely arched her neck back into the couch's pillowed arm as Kevin's mouth ran a hot, wet trail down her upper chest. "I've wondered what you've tasted like," she heard him murmur against her breast before his mouth closed hot and insistent over the black lace and her nipple. Suckling her deeper, Kevin felt her hips twist and press and thrust into his. Flicking his tongue across her nipple, he heard her whimper as her fingers dug crescent moons unto his back through the cotton of his shirt.

Kevin grinned as he looked up into Keely's passionate face. "You taste like the sea." Finding the clasp of her bra in the valley of her breasts, he flicked it open. Looking down, he sucked in his breath. "My god Keely . . ." he muttered. Her breasts were lightly tanned at the top from her summer in the Arizona sun, but the rest of her was creamy white, her areola, a light dusky pink. Her nipples were the just perfect and very hard. With a groan Kevin lowered his head again and flicked first one nipple and then another, moving his dark head between the tasty fruit. Clamping his teeth once again over the tight buds, he felt her fingers slide into his hair as he bit down gently. Hearing Keely's slight cry of pain, he closed the warm, wet cavern of his mouth over her breast softening the love-bite he had given her. Feeling Keely's covered hips push harder into his jeans-covered cock, he suckled her deeper, groaning softly as her hips continued to thrust into his. 

Keely bent her legs slightly and pushed his hips away from her with her hands. Confused, Kevin pulled away from sucking her breast, at her frustrated whimper. With jerky movements, Kevin watched as her fingers grabbed the edge of her skirt and her hips arch as she tugged her skirt up her thighs.

"No, no, no . . ." Kevin said as the skirt reached a little higher then mid-thigh, and reviled the white thigh-hugging garters. Catching her hand he brought it over her head and held it with in his loose grip. 

"Keely, that's my job." Keely whimpered, low and deep, and opened her eyes to stare into his. She wanted to press herself against him, first her skirt still stood in her way and now his hands held hers captive, preventing her from lifting the offending skirt. 

"Please Kev, oh please." Keely's hips arched into his, asking, demanding, hell, pleading for what he could give her. Kevin kissed her breast one more time and ran his hand down her thigh and then back up it. Stopping he fingered the white garter.

"Black and White . . . Purity and Evil . . ." Kevin shook his head, met her gaze once again and released the hand that he held between his fists, "Put my hands where you want them. If we go any further Keely, you must put my hands where you want them." Kevin watched as her hand hesitantly came up to rest on his. With a pause, she grasped his hand under hers and moved it to the junction of her thighs, raking her skirt up past the garter belt so her pussy was exposed. Kevin's gasped as he saw that Keely was naked under her skirt, her pussy, partly shaved, sported a black triangle of curly soft hair, which glistened, wet and inviting.

"You're naked!"

Keely laughed low and huskily at his exclamation and the shock that masked his passionate face. "Please, Kev." Keely repeated as she arched her hips into his hand, brushing his still fingers against the dampness. Recovering from the unexpected, but wonderful, shock at finding her naked under the skirt, Kevin ran his fingers over her swollen lips, slipping his fingers between the warm folds, closing his eyes as he felt the inviting heat.

"You're so wet. Oh, god, Keely, you feel so good." Finding the nub of her pleasure, Kevin flicked his finger across it. "Ah . . . Oh!" Keely cried out as his fingers moved over her, her breath now coming deep and harsh.

"Please, inside me . . ." Keely's breath heaved in and out; one hand gripping his arm, the other the back of the couch. "Kevin . . ." Keely plead slipped off into a high moan as he again as he flicked his fingers across her clit again. Keely's eyes opened and she strained her head off the pillow, "Please . . . put your fingers inside me." The tone of Keely's voice rose and Kevin smiled. He had never heard her beg for anything before.

His finger tips were now coated in her dew, sliding his fingers down, he found the entrance into her body. Sliding finger-deep inside her, he felt her body's muscles tighten around him. Thrusting her hips up, Keely forced his finger further inside her.

"Slow down, we have all night." He murmured but knew she didn't hear him. She was too far gone in her pleasure; her face was flushed, her body gleaming with the sweat from her exertions, his finger gripped tightly by her inner muscles. Smiling, he slipped his finger out of her and grinned when she whimpered in protest. Fingering her clit again he wondered how many of his fingers she could take. Slipping his fingers down again, he slid three into her and felt her body's giving response.

"Oh!" Keely's eyes opened, bright and glazed over, as his fingers pushed steadily into her tight body. Feeling his knuckles hit her lips he slid them back and then thrust them back in. Her body tightened and her thighs clasped his arm tightly. Her whimpers and cries mixed with the wet suction sound of Kevin's fingers in her body, causing her pelvis to arch upwards as her hips pistoned faster and faster into his fingers. 

"Oh . . . fuck . . . God Kev . . ." Keely's voice trailed off into a low scream as he lowered his head to take her breast into his mouth. Shifting his weight, Kevin thrust his fingers harder into her body as his teeth closed and tugged at her nipple. He knew she was close, so close that a few more thrusts . . .

Suddenly, like a knife, the classical shrill of his ringing cell phone cut through the tense, passionate atmosphere, causing both of them to freeze, their eyes locked on each other. His fingers still inside her, he looked at the chair where his discourteous cell laid. Keely's breath was low and harsh, her body shaking and trembling around him.

"Kev, it's work, you're on call. You have to take it." Kevin looked down at her in disbelief. His fingers were still inside her tight, trembling body and she was telling him it was work on the phone! Keely's muscles tightened around his fingers, her wet heat, her shaking body, still keeping him close to her side.

"Fuck." Kevin muttered violently, as he pulled his fingers from her dripping body. Keely whimpered her hand moving between her legs as his fingers left her.

"This better be good." Kevin bit out as he answered the phone. Turning to face her, he watched as her thighs pressed her hand tighter to her pussy. Trembling still, Keely sat up. She needed release, needed it badly, a few more thrust of his long fingers she would have cum like never before.
