 It was almost noon on a beautiful summer Saturday, and I was still in bed wearing my nightgown. Lori burst into our room and started rummaging through my dresser. "What the hell are you doing? And didn't you leave for your picnic or whatever?"

She tossed me a pair of bikini panties. "I get that you're upset you broke up with Donny," she said, "but I'm not going to have you lying around depressed for the rest of summer session." She threw a pair of shorts over to me. "You're coming with us to Thomas Park, me and Frank and a few of his friends. We'll cook burgers and hot dogs and play Frisbee and get some sun, and you'll have a good time whether you want to or not." She tossed over a t-shirt. "Frank's picking us up in ten minutes."

I was dressed and ready outside with Lori when Frank's hatchback pulled up in front of our dorm. Frank was driving, and another guy was sitting in the back seat. Oh, so that's how it was going to be. Lori got into the front passenger seat, and leaned over to give Frank a kiss. I climbed into the back seat.

"I'm Jason," the other guy said sheepishly.

"Hi," I said. "Annie. Your blind date."

"Yup," he said, giving Frank an evil look.

"Shut up both of you," Lori said. "We were both tired of having mopey roommates. We're just going to a park by the lake. It'll be a nice day out, no strings attached."

Frank and Lori were quiet on the 30-minute backroads route to Thomas Park. Jason and I could both tell that Frank had his left hand on the wheel and his right hand across the seat on Lori's lap. Clearly it wasn't being confined to only her lap. Nothing more awkward than two people being on an involuntary blind date, trying to ignore the fact that their best friends are fooling around in the front seat. We tried making small talk. I missed Donny.

Jason seemed nice enough: good-looking in a tall, gawky sort of way. Kind of shy, but then I wasn't feeling like much of a chatterbox either. He was pale, as if he hadn't seen much sun these past few weeks -- but again, he probably thought the same thing about me, and probably for similar reasons.

We met up with two other couples at the park, and the eight of us were the only people in sight. Lori pointed out that families usually hung out on the other side of the big lake, where there was a playground. This side attracted more of the college crowd, so during summer session it was fairly deserted.

Frank set up the portable grill he'd brought, and the guys began cooking while the girls spread out the blankets and unpacked the salads, drinks, plates, cops and forks. Because sexism is alive and well 21st century America.

I was glad Lori forced me into this. This was the closest to happy I'd been since the break-up.

Since Jason and I were the "odd men out," we pretty much hung together as a couple. That was okay too.

After lunch, Frank and Lori and one of the couples started throwing around the Frisbee. Jason said "I don't know about you, but I think I'll take some sun for a while." He pulled off his shirt, and I had to stifle a grin: if I thought his arms and legs were pale, his chest and back were shockingly white. I was probably no better, though. 

"I'll join you," I said, rolling my t-shirt up to just under my breasts. We stretched out on "our" blanket, half watching the Frisbee action and half dozing off.

After a while, Frank and Lori abandoned the Frisbee game for a lie-down on their own blanket, leaving just one couple -- Vin and Susan, I think -- tossing it around. It was just that sort of lazy, humid afternoon.

Over on Frank and Lori's blanket, they were lazily exchanging soft little touches. Lori had taken off her shirt, but she was still covered by a non-revealing pretty pink bra. I turned over and fell asleep almost immediately.

I woke up to the feel of Jason's warm hand on my shoulder. "Annie? You may want to get up before you burn. We're all going to a swim."

"What? Did you bring a suit? I didn't bring suit." I looked over at Lori, who hadn't put her shirt back on. Or had put it back on and then taken it off again. She was unbuttoning her shorts.

"It's okay," she said. "we're doing what we did the last time we were here. Just swim in our underwear. No big deal." Her panties matched her bra, and you'd barely have known she wasn't wearing an actual bikini. She ran over to the lake.

Jason still had his shirt off, but he hadn't taken off his shorts. "It's up to you," he said. "I'll stay here with you if you don't want to go in."

"No," I said, "it's fine. You go ahead. I'll be in in a minute."

I watched him strip down to his boxers -- nice ass -- and then looked over to see Lori, Susan and Kaitlin running into the water in their bras and panties.

And of course that was my problem: I wasn't wearing a bra. I rarely do.

Now understand, I've never gone skinny-dipping, or swam topless. Other than Donny, in fact, only one boy had ever seen my bare breasts I'm not a prude by any means: if the other girls were going into the water topless, I'd have joined them. If even one of them had, I would have. And yeah, if it were only me and Jason here...

But I wasn't going to be the only girl here putting my smallish-but-attractively-pert breasts on display, thank you very much.

T-shirt it was, then. I knotted my t-shirt below my breasts, peeled off my shorts, and ran for the lake. The cool water felt nice, especially since I'd spent more time baking in the sun than I should have, and it wasn't until I was standing chest deep that I realized exactly how sheer the wet t-shirt had become.

The t-shirt Lori had picked out for me.

I was pissed. The bitch had set me up.

I swam over to her. "Not funny," I said. "You knew we'd be swimming here, and you tossed me a white t-shirt and no bra."

She smirked, obviously not agreeing with my "not funny" assessment. "It could have been worse. I tossed you regular panties instead of a thong."

"I'll show you funny," I said, lunging at her, grabbing at the back of her bra, trying to unsnap it as she struggled.

"No, wait, stop that," she said, afraid of being stripped topless. She pulled away from me, and we both went under the water, grabbing at one another. When we came up, coughing up water, my t-shirt had been pulled above my breasts, completely exposing them. Lori noticed this a moment after I did and grabbed for the t-shirt, trying it to pull it over my head and off. It was all I could do to hold it where it was, worrying that it was going to rip.

Then I saw Frank come up behind Lori, put his arms around her torso, and pull her away from me. At the same time, I felt Jason's body behind me, pulling me away as well.

"I have never, in my life, been so reluctant to break up a fight," Frank said under his breath.

I can't speak for what was going on between Frank and Lori, but I could feel Jason's cock poking firmly against my ass.

I swear, he could have grabbed my breasts right there in front of everybody and I wouldn't have minded. Instead, he was very gentlemanly, pulling my t-shirt back down to cover them.

Of course, I thought, as we half-walked, half-swam a distance from Frank and Lori, the t-shirt wasn't covering much: I might as well have been wearing cellophane. My breasts were clearly visible, my areolae showing right through, and my nipples looked like tiny thumbs, even harder than before after the excitement of my fight with Lori and my breasts being exposed.

Jason was certainly noticing.

My nipples were so sensitive, the t-shirt was actually hurting them. I was suddenly so horny, I wanted to scream.

I threw my arms around Jason's neck and kissed him hard. He was surprised for a moment, but clearly this was what he wanted as well. I rubbed my pussy against his cock, and he pushed back. I'm not sure you can call it dry-humping when you're doing it underwater, but whatever it was felt wonderful. I let go of him just for a moment, pulled my shirt back above my breasts, and pressed my breasts hard against his bare chest. I convinced myself somehow that since we were pressed together, nobody could tell my breasts were exposed.

The feel of my nipples rubbing against Jason's chest hair gave me a small orgasm.

I needed to get fucked and I needed to get fucked now. I reached into Jason's boxers and freed his hard cock. Then I put my hands around the back of his neck, and ground my pussy against it.

He reached down and pulled my panties to one side, and slid his cock inside me. I came so hard, I almost lost my grip.

It was tricky for the first few seconds, but finally we got into a good rhythm as he took hold of my ass and pulled me forward and backward, letting his cock slide in and out of me. It was still awkward, and may not have been the best fuck of my life, but it was definitely the hottest.

Anybody looking our way could certainly see my exposed breasts, but I was beyond caring.

I didn't know where the other two couples were, but Lori and Frank were about fifty feet from us in water up to their neck. They obviously knew what we were doing, and Lori was waving her bra over her head, to show me she approved.

I couldn't believe much of a turn-on it was, knowing we were being watched, even from a distance. Jason reclaimed my complete attention by asking, breathlessly, "Can I cum in you?"

"Yes," I said. "Please, yes."

It took three more hard thrusts, and then I felt Jason filling my pussy with his cum. I came again, the first time I'd ever come three times in a row.

When he finished cumming, the cool water took its toll on Jason's cock, and he slid out of me, my panties sliding back into place over my pussy. I could feel his cum leaking out of my pussy into my panties, so I took them off and let the lake water rinse them clean. I saw that Lori was still watching us, so I waved the panties in the air the same way she'd waved her bra.

I put my panties back on and pulled my shirt back down -- and Jason stuffed his cock back into his boxers -- and we walked back to shore, where our friends were waiting. I began to feel very self-conscious about the fact that my shirt had become see-through. Sure, my breasts were out for everybody to see a few minutes earlier, but that was then. Jason picked up his shirt from our blanket and offered it to me. I faced away from our friends, and changed.

What nobody noticed was that after I put on Jason's shirt, I slipped out of my panties. They were wet and cold and since Jason's shirt came down almost to my knees, I figured nobody would know the difference.

And nobody did, for the rest of the time we were at the park. I just had to remember not to do any cartwheels or anything.

I kind of liked watching Jason spending the evening wearing nothing but his shorts.

Returning home, Jason and I rode in the back of Frank's car again. This time, as soon as we started out, it was Lori's hand moving over to Frank's side of the seat. Jason and I both heard the sound of a zipper opening, and I hoped whatever they were doing up front there wasn't going to get us all killed.

I asked Jason whether I could stretch out with my head on his lap, and he said of course. I was very aware of how close my face was to his cock, and I wondered whether it would be too indiscreet in the back of Frank's car to so some unzipping of my own and give it a taste.

In the meantime, Jason was gently stroking my leg just under the hem of the t-shirt. Of course I wasn't going to stop him, and he slowly made his way up my bare thigh. I used my finger to lightly trace his cock through his shorts, as I waited for him to reach where he expected my panties to be. Just when I thought I couldn't stand the wait anymore, his finger brushed against bare, wet pussy. It was all I could do not to moan, and I squeezed his cock. I'd just decided to give him the blow job of his life, the hell with where we were or who was in the front seat, when we pulled up in front of Jason and Frank's building. "Why are we stopping here?" I asked.

"Because we all have unfinished business and none of us wants to wait," Lori said. "You and Jason get out right now, and Frank and I will go back to our place."

I gave Jason a quick look. "Hell yeah," he said, and we both grabbed our bags and dashed out. We barely made it into his apartment before he had his t-shirt over my head and off me, smiling as he saw me completely naked for the first time, and I had his shorts and boxers down and his cock deep into my mouth.

And we lived sexually ever after.

Well, until that incident two months later at the gym...