 I lived with my ex girlfriend, Sarah, in a condo years ago. It was a busy suburban area. Pretty much any shopping you wanted to do was within a 10 minute drive. So it was very convenient. 

We were in our 40s and had enjoyed an open relationship for a number of years. It was always very easy to find a big cock guy for her to have fun with. That was never an issue. However, finding a single woman wanting to play with me, was always a challenge.

Not that I was ugly, fat, bald, or toothless. I wasn't. But anyone in the swinging lifestyle would understand the dilemma. Single women were tough to find, even in mega suburbia. And single women looking to play with a guy, who is part of a swinging couple, yea, good luck with that. Don't hold your breath.

I tried my hand at it again one weekend. Trying to work some online game for myself. Posted a personal. I don't even recall what all I had written. But it was honest and to the point. And I posted a very nice photo of my cock. Usually I would just look at what was currently posted, and try and come up with a photo that stood out from all the rest. It wasn't really difficult to do. And I had some photography classes under my belt from years ago. So that helped.

But it was more than just that. Once you got a real reply, you actually had to NOT sound like a complete idiot, moron, or cheating married male to get past step two. And the majority of the women in the area had gone to college. So sounding like you had a grade school writing level wasn't going to cut it.

To my surprise, I got a bite on my ad later that evening. Usually, I would wind up just taking it down after a day or two. Didn't want to leave it up like an aging billboard peeling off in the wind.

Her name was Rebecca. She sounded nice enough. She was actually about the same size as me, which was interesting. I was never a big guy. So having a petite woman reply, instead of 300lb buffet Bonnie, was good in my book. Whether she was real or not, remained to be seen.

We exchanged some emails. Apparently she worked odd shifts, so her

schedule was going to be a bit tricky. And she had a daughter, which she rotated custody with the ex every other weekend or so.

I sent a real photo of me with another email. She wrote back, so at least she didn't think I was totally

not her type. She lived not too far away, maybe 20 minutes.

We set up a meeting a week later at a local chain restaurant that was literally like five minutes from the condo where my girlfriend and I lived. Easy enough.

I asked her for a recent photo. She declined. Normally, that would be a total red flag and cancel for me. But since I only had to go five minutes down the road to get to the restaurant, I figured, ok, no big deal if she turns out to be totally not my type.

She said I needn't worry. I wouldn't be disappointed.

If I was, at least I knew the food was going to be good. My girlfriend and I frequented this particular restaurant quite a lot. So the wait staff knew us. I'm sure they would be talking among themselves, seeing me there with a new woman. 

Date night arrives. My girlfriend is out and about somewhere. She knows I am meeting this woman on a blind date.

"Good luck. Maybe I can join you two later." Sarah texted me.

"Maybe. Not sure she is bi though." I replied.

So I am ready to head out the door. Looking good, smelling good, feeling good. It was warm enough to not need a jacket. I got in my car and headed down the road.

I arrived first. Rebecca had never been to this chain before, which was a surprise. But she knew where the shopping area was. Easy enough to find. 

So I sit in the vestibule waiting area by myself. Texted her that I was there.

A few minutes later, I get a text from her. "Here. Walking up now."

In walks a slender, very attractive, brunette. I got up and said, "Rebecca?"

"Yes, it's me." She said.

We hugged and said hello. I'm in shock at my luck. Totally not expecting a woman THIS attractive to walk through the door.

So we go in and get a small two person table. It was moderately busy. About 8pm. As luck would have it, the male waiter knew me from all my trips there with my girlfriend. And he clearly knew I was with a different woman, and was trying to act like he didn't. That was funny. 

He went off to grab our drinks.

Rebecca and I talked. I gave her the rundown on the menu and what was good. I ordered a small pizza and she got some pasta.

And so we talked about the area and all the usual things that come to mind. I remember asking her about her "best" vacation. 

She had not traveled much. But it was open ended and got her thinking and having to answer more than just yes or no.

On my erection scale of 1 to 10. With 10 being, for sure, I want to have sex with her. She was a 10.

We finished eating and after an hour or so, got up and left. As we walked back to our vehicles, I asked her, "So would you like to come back to my place?"

She said, "Yes."

And so she followed me back to the condo. We went in the front door. And as soon as we walked in, she got tense. 

I failed to mention that I was in an open relationship. And she quickly realized I was not single, when she saw the place.

I said, "Come on upstairs. It's fine. My girlfriend knows. We are swingers. She will be home in an hour or so."

And Rebecca said, "Oh no no. I can't. This is her space. I just can't."

She was looking like a deer in the headlights at this point. I was sensing the ship sinking.

"I have to go." She said.

As she walked to the door, I said, "I'm sorry. I should have mentioned it at the restaurant."

And with that she left. I closed the door and smacked myself about three times on the head. 

"How can you be so dumb?" I said to myself. "Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck."

I sent her a text apology. I knew she really couldn't text while driving.

So I put together my best "put out the fire" email I could. Expecting no response.

She replied a few hours later. I fully expected an eye full with her response. But she was okay.

She said, it caught her by surprise. She actually has friends who are swingers, so she understood. She just couldn't invade another woman's space as it were. So she said, the only way it would work for her, is if we got together at her place.

"Whew," I thought. Potential salvage.

But it wasn't going to happen for about two weeks because of her schedule and her daughter. 

So I let her be. I would send her a text message now and then to keep in touch. And she would respond. I did my best to keep it rolling forward with general conversation texts.

My girlfriend was not terribly surprised by her reaction. In other words, yes, I was a dumbass.

The weeks passed and another Friday had arrived.

Rebecca texted me around 10am. "Will today work for you?"

I was on the phone with a client when I got the text. I smiled.

After my phone call, I texted her back, "Yes. What time?"

"How about 2pm?" she said.

"That works for me. What's your address?" I replied.

And so I rearranged my schedule a bit. And leaned back in my chair happy that I saved my initial fumble.

When 12:30 rolled around, I got busy with showering and shaving. Got my balls shaved nicely too. Women seem to prefer it.

Ready to head out, I checked the online maps and made a few notes on how to get to her place. It was a single family home in an older subdivision.

I got in my car and headed out. Nice sunny day. I texted her while I was at stop lights.

She said, "Don't text while you're driving."

I drove down her street looking for addresses. I found the ranch house. Pulled into the empty drive. I got out, hoping I wrote it down correctly. 

I knocked on the door and she opened the door. She let me in. We hugged and said our hellos.

She was wearing a pair of jeans and casual shirt. 

I apologized for our last failed attempt. 

She said, "Oh I'm fine now. I just needed to think about it. Would you like something to drink?"

I asked what she had.

"Sprite, Coke, orange juice." She said.

"Sprite is fine." I said.

She went out to the garage to grab a can. Poured me a glass.

I was looking out her patio door. I commented on the neighbor's yard.

"Looks like your neighbor has horse shoe pits back there." I said.

She said, "Oh no, those are for his septic."

"Oh. Figured everyone here would be on the main line here." I said, as she handed me the glass.

"It's an older area. There are a few people back here that still have septic." She said.

We sat down on the love seat she had. I commented on her large old big screen tv.

"That must have been a bear to move around" I said.

"It's not too bad actually." She said.

I put my arm around her shoulder and she leaned over on me. We chatted for about ten minutes.

I got up and went to the kitchen sink. I washed my hands.

Then I said, "Shall we go to the bedroom?"

"Yes." She said.

Her bedroom was small. Bright. She had a window and a French Door facing the back yard. Both had just light lace on them. Bed appeared to be just a full size.

She went into the bath. I took my keys and placed them on the dresser. Took off my shoes and socks. Unzipped and dropped my pants. Unbuttoned my shirt partly. Then I laid on my side on her bed.

Rebecca came out wearing a purple silk camisole just down to her ass. Nice.

I asked her if she would like me to massage her back.

"Seriously?" She said. "Sure"

So she laid face down head toward the foot of the bed. I began massaging her nice legs, ankles, calves. I worked my way up to her lower back and shoulders.

"Is the pressure okay?" I asked.

"Yes, it's good." She said.

After working her shoulders and back good, I moved lower. Her nice small ass in my hands. Lucky me. I worked her legs and calves good again. This time as I worked my hands up her thighs, I let my fingers brush her pussy. My cock began to rise.

I moved myself right over her ass and pressed my shorts against her while I leaned down and kissed her back numerous times.

She rolled over and our mouths found each other as my left hand found her breasts. Nice C cups, firm.

We made out for quite a while. She was an excellent kisser. Her long brown lightly curled hair was soft in my hand.

I reached between her legs with my left hand and played with her pussy lightly. She had a very short triangle bush. 

She got up on her knees and pulled her camisole off. I removed my shorts and laid back on the pillows. 

Laying down between my legs she took my cock in her hand. I watched her tongue trace it slowly. Teasing. She moved lower to my balls. Sucking each very carefully. It felt wonderful.

"That was perfect. Most women are too rough." I said.

Her tongue followed my shaft up. Circling the head, she looks at me, and then takes my cock in her mouth as far as she can. So nice. Perfect technique. Not too hard or soft.

I laid there fully enjoying her oral attention, holding her hair so I could watch.

She got a condom and put it on my shaft. Then proceeded to straddle me, reaching down to place my cock at her pussy. She slid down me. I reached up to feel her breasts.

They were man made. The scars visible now under them. And she also had a C-section scar on an otherwise nice flat stomach.

No matter, I wanted her nipples in my mouth. I pulled her forward and sucked on them. My hands reached around and grabbed her small ass. I was not used to such a small tight ass. At least not since my college days. Beautiful. 

She rode my cock slowly. Bending down to kiss me now and again. Her hands on my chest she moved her pussy against me. Her clit rubbing in just the right spot. She worked my shaft.

I glanced out the French doors, wondering if a neighbor was watching.

She started to breath harder and then moaned as she lowered down to me. I held my arms around her as her pussy contracted on my cock.

I moved her onto her back. She grabbed the headboard and raised her feet, all the way to the top of the headboard edge, getting her toes on it.

"Wow, you are flexible" I said. My cock now sliding into her again.

And I fucked her slowly, not wanting to cum too soon. She brought her legs down, and I kissed her again. We fucked missionary style for a minute.

Then I moved off and had to taste that pussy. I got into position between her legs and kissed her nice lips slowly, all over. And her thighs. I took my time.

My tongue tracing her pussy up and down slowly. Touching her clit briefly and then moving away. I was in no hurry.

I moved my hands under her ass, and let the full width of my tongue feel her. Slowly up to her clit. I began circling it with the tip of my tongue. My left hand moved, so I could insert my middle finger into her tight snatch.

I pressed her with my finger, slightly upwards, about an inch and a half or so in. My mouth began slowly and gently sucking her clit. 

Her breathing increasing more.

I used very short stroking movements with my finger while her clit was between my lips. I moved my tongue down her slit, tasting her. Then slowly back up. 

She moaned very lightly. 

I sucked on her clit again, this time a bit harder. My finger increased it's pressure a bit.

Her breathing increased rapidly as she began to orgasm. I continued my attention as she moved. My cock throbbing with excitement.

I slowly let my mouth and finger relax their attention. I got up slowly and crawled forward. My cock found it's way in.

Kissing her gently. 

She said, "Normally I don't like when guys go down on me. But THAT was nice."

I smiled. 

She said, "Don't move, just lay still on me."

"Okay." I said. Wondering what was up next.

She began to work her hips under me. Breathing picking up. She was working her clit against my motionless body. My hard shaft inside her.

I whispered in her ear, "That's it. Cum all over my hard cock."

And indeed she did. It was so nice watching her have so much intense pleasure. That was the first time a woman ever used that technique with me. Interesting.

We kissed. I had her get on her hands and knees. Her gorgeous ass and pussy in the air. I watched as my cock pushed inside her. Like a glove it wrapped around me. I took her hips and started pumping her deep. I needed release.

I fucked her harder. 

"I need to cum." I said.

"Do it. Give it to me!" She said.

I felt the pressure build and contractions start. My cock erupted in shots of hot cum, filling the condom. It felt like a pint. I reached around, breathing heavily, taking her tits in my hands and still pushing my shaft in her. I caught my breath.

We laid down. Her back to me. I pulled her closer with my right arm and we just laid there relaxed.

It was nice. She seemed content.