 Chapter 3: In The Shower

After several weeks, Mark and Cherie were experiencing some sexual tedium. Cherie decided that she had to do something to spice things up, so to speak. She left a note for Mark in his e-mail, telling him to meet her at a good Italian restaurant the next night...8pm sharp and dress nice. She had never attempted something like this before, and felt butterflies at the thought of it...but nothing ventured, nothing gained had always been her motto.

Mark called that night, "What's with all the mystery?" he asked. 

"Well, I wanted to celebrate the 2 month anniversary of our meeting and thought we could go out. Is that okay? You don't have plans already, do you?" He said no, but was curious and would be there. Cherie smiled into the phone, "It'll be a night you'll never forget," she said.

Wednesday night rolled around and Cherie raced home from work to change. She had bought a silk dress just for the occasion and wanted to pretty herself up for the expensive restaurant. At 7:30 she was ready and hopped into her car to drive to the restaurant. She arrived with 15 minutes to spare and found Mark already there, waiting at the bar. 

"You were just as anxious as me," she laughed. 

"I am," he said, "I couldn't stop thinking about it all day."

"You look great," she said to him. He did look great. Wearing a nice pair of tailored khakis, starched shirt, hair all combed...and he smelled even better. 

"You too, where did you get the dress?" She twirled around for him, letting the skirt flare out around her legs, giving him a good look along with half the bar. 

"Bought is special. Now let's go get our table and get something to eat."

They sat down, ordered wine to start and a meal to follow. They made idle chit-chat about their days while waiting. Cherie slipped her foot out of her shoe and slowly traced her toes up and down his calf underneath his pants. He stopped with his wine glass halfway to his mouth and smiled at her. He knew something was up, she was never this sassy in public.

Cherie ordered more wine and excused herself to the ladies room. She came back with fresh lipstick and handed him a small, wadded up ball of black silk: her panties. Mark's eyes grew big as he realized what he held in his hand, and she laughed at him. She always wanted to do that, just to see what kind of reaction it would get. 

Dinner sped by, with the two of them passing sexual innuendoes back and forth. She kept playing footsies with him under the table, making him hard with her fiery glances and playful banter...the panties in his pocket didn't hurt either.

When dinner was over, she looked at Mark and asked, "Are you coming home with me tonight?" 

"Of course I am, babe...I'd have to be crazy not to," Mark replied, grinning at her. The tingles in her stomach intensified...she loved that feral smile of his. 

"Can you drive us then? I'll pick up my car tomorrow." He agreed and they jumped into his car for the short ride home.

Once Cherie got situated, she hiked her skirt up and let him have a long, lingering look at what the night held in store. She was wearing thigh-high stockings that perfectly showcased her newly waxed pubic hair. She had had it done the day before, just for tonight. She could see a growing bulge in his pants...just the effect she had been looking for. 

The ride home seemed to take forever...Mark was talking dirty to her the entire way and she couldn't keep her hands off of him or herself, either. By the time they got to her apartment she was soaked and he was rock hard.

She stripped in the hallway, leaving the stockings and heels on. She walked seductively to the bedroom, leading the way. He entered the room and gasped...candles were everywhere, the bed was covered in a plush new comforter, and a box sat atop it. 

"This is great," he said. "But what's in the box?" 

"Open it and see, I got it for you." He walked over to the bed, tore the ribbon and paper off and opened it. His eyes grew round and he looked up with a devilish smile on his face. 

"You remembered. Wow." The box contained some silk scarves, feathers, massage oils, and other assorted erotic toys.

He had expressed interest in the past in some light bondage, and Cherie had said she never trusted anyone enough to do it. He knew how important this was. He got up, walked over to her and kissed her passionately, massaging her shoulders and back while doing so. 

"Babe, you didn't have to do this, really." 

"I wanted to...ever since you mentioned it I've wanted to. Do you like it?" 

"Of course, I like it. It's gonna be a dream come true." He kept kissing her tenderly, leading her to the bed...unbuttoning his shirt with one hand and caressing her body with the other.

He laid her down gently, let his shirt fall to the floor and unbuttoned his pants, stepping out of them. He was commando too, cock sticking out hard and thick. Cherie licked her lips at the sight of it. 

He leaned over her, running his hands through her hair and asked, "You certain you want to do this?" She nodded her head and looked deep into his eyes so he would know that she was telling the truth. 

"Okay," he said, "I'll take good care of you, babe."

He lay down next to her and started kissing her again, tongue flickering in and out of her mouth, stopping every so often to nuzzle her neck. She reached her hands up to touch his face and he took them in his own, not letting her. He raised them above her head, pinning them there, stretching her body out. Her breasts were high and firm, nipples rosy in the candlelight. He leaned his head down and licked at one, grazing it with his tongue and then taking the whole bud into his mouth. 

She moaned his name, "Mark, oh my god, Mark..." He done the same thing with the other breast and then started licking his way down her belly only to stop short of her waiting lips and lick his way back up again. Cherie's hands were still pinned above her head, preventing her from returning any favors. 

He finally came back up to her face and looked at her, smiling. In his free hand he held two scarves...she nodded at him again. 

"Mark, please..." He took one hand and brought it to the bed post, took the scarf and tied it around the two of them in a loose knot. 

"You can get free if you want to, but I'm hoping you won't try. It's more fun not to." 

"Okay, I won't try, I promise." He repeated the moves all over with the other hand and when she was tied in place, bent his head toward her and kissed her face. 

He moved back down to her breasts again, sucking the nipples, kneading them in his hands. She was close to cumming already and he knew it. He kept kissing her nipples, alternately sucking hard on them and licking them lightly. Cherie moaned loudly and went rigid...she came quietly, breathing his name again and again. 

"Told you it would be fun," he said.

He started licking his way down her stomach again...hands still on her breasts, squeezing them. She was breathing heavily now, "Mark, please, please fuck me with your tongue...I want to cum all over your face..." 

He parted her thighs and placed his tongue at the opening of her lips...tasting them, inhaling the smell. She moved her hips, trying to get closer to him. He moved away, teasing her. Then darted his tongue forward and flicked her clitoris lightly, sending tingles up and down her body.

Mark spread her lips with his fingers and pushed his face into her pussy. Licking hard now, letting it slide between her clit and her hot hole. Cherie groaned loudly, grinding her hips into his face, pushing against him for full contact. She felt his slide one finger, then two into her pussy and he started plunging them in and out, still licking her clit. She writhed around on the bed, head rolling back and forth, breath coming in gasps. Cumming all over his face, hips bucking, screaming with pleasure.

He gave one last lick and then sat up and smiled at her. 

"Mark, want to taste your cock...please, babe." 

He sat back and made her watch as he started to stroke himself. She moaned in frustration, not taking her eyes off of him. She could see the pre-cum glistening on the head, and licked her lips. He started stroking faster and faster, kneeling over her now. Then in one swift movement he lay down atop her and slid his cock into her. Cherie screamed his name out loud as he entered and came immediately, quivering and shaking.

Mark slid back, sliding all the way out and then plunged in again. Faster and faster, groaning her name over and over. 

"Come on baby, fuck me," he told her. "Fuck me hard, cum for me again..."

Cherie's hips were bucking fast now, rising up to meet him, holding on to the bed posts for support. She wrapped her silky legs around his firm ass and wouldn't let go. She wanted him to cum. 

"Oh, Mark, love your hard, thick cock...want it faster, deeper, want to make you scream with desire, want to make you hot, want to make you cum...", she cried out.

His cock was pistoning in and out of her faster and faster and when she felt the first jerk of his cock, her tightened her muscles around him, milking him dry. He buried his head between her breasts, saying my name over and over. 

The air was thick with the smell of sex and passion. Cherie breathed deeply and looked at him tenderly. He met her gaze, kissed her lips, cheeks, eyelids. Her breathing started to slow down. She let her hands fall from the scarves, looked up at him and said, 

"Now it's your turn..."

"Cherie, you don't need to if you don't want to..." Mark said. 

"But I do want to," she said. "I want to bring you to the heights of pleasure babe." She smiled at him and brought the scarves out again...waggling them in front of his face. 

He smiled, "Okay, hon, bring it on."

She tied his arms the same way that he had tied hers, loosely, just enough to keep him down. She leaned over him, grazing his lips, kissing him gently. She traced his lips with her tongue, delicately poking it into his mouth and withdrawing it. Teasing him. Cherie reached for a candle that had been burning on the night stand and blew it out. She let the wax cool and started letting drops splatter onto his chest. While it was still warm she spread it around, over his nipples, across his chest. He moaned lightly and the sound sent shivers down her spine.

She kept kissing him gently, nibbling on his lips, his neck, his ears; looked down and seen that he was growing hard. She started kissing her way down his chest, to his stomach and back up again. She reached down and picked a peacock feather out of the box of toys and brought it up, letting him see it. Taking the feather, she traced a line down his stomach, down to his erection, brushing it, tickling him. His breath was becoming erratic.

"Are you having fun, Mark? Do you like the sensations that I'm causing?" she asked him.

"God, Cherie, this is great..." he breathed.

"Are you hot for me yet?" Cherie breathed.

"Yes, so hot...wish you could cool me off..."

"Not yet, babe. Good things come to those who wait," She was being evil and he knew it. 

Cherie suddenly jumped off of the bed and ran out of the room. Mark looked on with a bewildered expression. She flicked out to the kitchen and opened the fridge, grabbing something she knew that he liked. She ran back into the bedroom holding them in her hand...a carton of fresh strawberries. She had remembered him mentioning that he liked plain strawberries and had picked some up for him. He smiled at her as she sat down on the bed next to him. She picked a plump, juicy berry out of the carton and held it between my fingers, placing it over his mouth. His lips wrapped around it and he bit it in half. She put the remaining half in his mouth for him and took another full one out of the carton. He licked the tip of this one before biting it...She was finding this strangely erotic...

Cherie put the strawberries off to one side and leaned over and kissed him, letting her tongue slide sensuously into his mouth, thrusting at him. She could still taste the berries on his breath. She wrapped her hands in his hair and he went to do the same, only to bring up solid because of the scarves. 

She laughed gently, "Ah, ah, ah. No touching for you this evening. I'm the one that gets to have all the fun tonight."

Mark groaned in frustration, "I guess I deserve this for earlier, don't I?" 

She nodded my head and started kissing him again, letting her hand trail down his chest, down his belly, and finally taking his erection in it. Her fingers wrapped around his cock, grasping it firmly. Her hand slide along the length of if, thumb rubbing the head, spreading pre-cum across it. His hips were rocking, making the bed creak. She lifted her hand to my mouth and licked the precum off of her fingers, letting him see her tongue slide slowly across each and every one of them. His breathing hitched in his throat and he swallowed loudly. 

"Would you like me to do that to something else?" Cherie asked.

"Oh, Cherie, you can do that to whatever you want," he panted. 

She smiled and leaned down, trailing my tongue across his belly, over his cock, down to his balls. Taking one into her mouth and sucked it lightly. He groaned loudly and the sound made shivers run up and down her spine. She licked back up to the head of his cock and started licking it like a lollipop, making little slurping noises as she did so. Then she wrapped her lips around the head and started to suck. Gently at first, and only the head. He was moving his ass around, trying to push more of it into hot mouth, but she kept moving away from him. 

"Suck me, please. Oh god, suck me off," he moaned. 

Cherie looked up at him, catching his eyes, and then took the entire shaft into heruth in one swift motion. He animalistic grunt made herngle. She started to pump him in and out of her mouth, tongue licking the underside of his cock, lips holding tight.


"You're so hot," he said. "So wet, so hot, making me want to cum in your mouth."

She pumped faster now, holding his balls in my hand, gently cupping them. She was waiting for them to contract, telling her when he was ready. Cherie was whimpering now too, getting horny for him, wanting to do nothing more than jump on him and ride him till we were both satisfied. He was bucking wildly beneath me now and she felt the contraction she was looking for. Then his cock started jerking, spurting load after load of hot, salty cum into her mouth. She swallowed as quickly as sheI could, but some of it still escaped, flowing out onto her chin, dripping onto her breasts. 

She let him slide from my mouth and smiled. "You feel better now, hon?"

"Oh yeah. That was great."

"And I've only just begun," she said with a wicked grin.

"Ahhhhhh, have mercy on my bod," he said, smiling back.

She fed him more strawberries, letting him get his energy back up. Watching the way he was eating them was definitely making me hot. He knew it too, and became more and more erotic with them, licking them and sucking them before biting them. She couldn't wait any longer and started kissing him again, tongue sliding around in his mouth aggressively, nibbling and sucking his lips. Mark stared to shift around on the bed and she knew she was making him hard again. Perfect.

Still kissing him, her hand slid between my legs, priming herself for him. Her fingers slid across her clit, making her shudder. She fingered myself lightly, moaning softly with passion. She decided that she was wet enough and slid her hand out and straddled him. She took his cock in her hand and placed it just so, taking great care to position it properly and tease him at the same time. Then, in one smooth motion, she let it slide into her hot hole. She was moaning loudly and so did he. Cherie stayed in an upright position, so he could see exactly what she was doing to herself.

She took both of her breasts into her hands and started kneading them; letting her thumbs brush across her nipples, making them hard. Her hips pumped slowly, controlling the pace, hardly moving. His eyes were locked on hers, pupils dilated. She let go of one breast and slid her free hand down her belly, toward her pubic area...his eyes never moved. She slid a finger in between her lips, finding her hard clit. She started stroking it and rubbing it making her hips move faster. He was started pumping faster too, reading her mind. 

She took her hand off of her breast, away from her clit, and leaned over him, kissing him softly, gently, pressing herself against his chest. 

"Having fun, Mark? Do you like what I'm doing?" she asked with a smile.

"Yes," he breathed. 

She sat up slightly, still pumping her hips, and slid a nipple into his mouth. His latched on willingly and started to alternately lick and suck it. She began to move faster again...breathing heavily now. 

"Babe, I'm gonna cum I think," she moaned.

"Oh, yeah, cum for me...cum all over me," he said.

Cherie reached up and took a hold of the headboard for better leverage and started riding him. Her hair was flying all over the place, sweat was running down her body in large drops. She was saying his name over and over.

"C'mon, Cherie, fuck me harder," he said. "I know you can go harder than this."

She started moving more quickly, sliding up and down his shaft, panting, whimpering. Breasts swaying back and forth in front of his face. She was quivering all over, getting closer and closer. She finally threw her head back, screaming like a banshee. Cumming and cumming and cumming, again and again. He was yelling to, telling her to fuck him, make him cum. She was still riding him like a bucking bronco and still cumming...

His back arched then, and she knew he was cumming too. His cock jerked deep inside her, letting out his load. They were both screaming like animals now, making unintelligible noises. 

"Ahhhhhhhhh," she said, laying atop him, his cock still inside her, softening. "That was great, Mark. I'm glad you told me you had this thing you wanted to do."

"I'm glad you trusted me enough to do it," Mark replied. "That was wild and I loved it."

Cherie untied him and lay down next to him, her hand on his chest. He placed his hand over hers and that's the way they fell asleep.

Sweet dreams...