 I woke up the following morning to Mark's voice bellowing loudly in the shower...trilling bird he ain't...but that's okay, I like him anyway. I got up and stretched, letting the muscles unkink from the romp the night before. My spine crackled, my thighs creaked, and I felt great. I briefly entertained the thought of joining him in the shower and decided I had better not. We would only end up back in bed, and I would be late for work.

I pulled my old robe on and padded out to the kitchen, put on a pot of tea, grabbed a bag of bagels from the fridge and set about making as good a breakfast as my small cooking talent would allow. Hope he likes half-burnt bagels, I thought. Mark glided into the kitchen wearing nothing but a small white towel. My heart skipped a beat and I felt butterflies in my stomach. He still had this effect on me; and instead of growing less intense it seemed to get deeper. 

He hooked an arm around my waist and nuzzled my neck, smelling my hair. I was glad I brushed my teeth while he was in the shower. I caught the back of his head with my hand and brought his face closer to mine, nibbling his lower lip, licking it softly. I was getting hot and bothered when the bagels popped out of the toaster, making me jump and making us both laugh.

I took cream cheese out of the fridge and laid it on the table. "Do you have to work today?" I asked him. 

"No. I think I may just settle down with a good book, some good music, and relax. What time do you think you'll be home?" 

"Late probably. I've got to train a new bartender, stuff like that. Don't wait up for me." I finished my bagel, dusted off my hands, and started for the shower. He got up too, and started for the bedroom to dress. When I got out he was dressed in his favorite gym shorts and T-shirt: his lounging clothes, I called them. He already had a little stack of paperbacks piled on the coffee table and was programming the CD player. He was so gorgeous...but no, I had to work. I walked up behind him, wrapping my arms around his waist, and pressed myself against his back, kissing the nape of his neck. I could just reach. He turned around, took my face in his hands, and kissed me passionately and slowly, tasting me. I was becoming aroused and he knew it. 

"I'll be waiting here for you, sweetie. Thinking about you all day." Mark grinned at me and I almost caved again. But no, I really had a lot of work to do today. I stood on tiptoe and gave him a peck on the cheek. 

"You'd better be waiting for me," I said. "And think only good thoughts..."

I left and walked to work with a smile on my face.

Unfortunately the smile didn't last long. I quickly discovered that the new girl had lied on her application and knew next to nothing. She could be taught though, if I had the patience. I did, and she learned quickly. I told her she was probationary for the next two months. After that she would get benefits, and a pay hike. Then I had to untangle more messes: inventory, ordering, scheduling conflicts...all told it was a long, hard day. As I left work I imagined Mark puttering around the house, maybe cooking, probably reading and napping all day. I know that's what I would have done, had I been in his shoes. 

I got to the apartment and let myself in to a silent, empty house. There was a note on the kitchen table:

Cherie,

Got called into work. Sorry, hon. Dinner is in the oven, hope you like Chinese.

Oh no...I groaned inwardly. Oh well, maybe he'd be off sooner than he thought. In the meantime, I'd eat and have a bath, and maybe spend some time with a good book.

I was getting ready for bed when the phone rang. I picked it up, expecting to hear that I was needed at work, but it was Mark. "How are you, honey? I'm sorry I had to go."

"I'm good. Getting ready to hit the hay, actually," I told him.

"Aww, hope I'm not keeping you awake." I could hear the smile in his voice.

"I'd stay awake for you anytime. And you know it. Still working?"

"Yes. Looks like I'll be here for hours yet. Soo...what are you wearing?"

"Mark!"

"Well, I'm curious. I'm here all by myself and needed some happy thoughts."

"Well, just to satisfy your curiosity, I'm wearing that little nightie that you like so much. And no panties..."

"Mmmmm, sounds nice. Do you wish I was there with you?" he asked.

"Of course. I wish you're hands and lips were on me right now." I was smiling now too, playing his game. "Maybe, I'll just substitute my hands for yours...sound like a good game plan?"

"Oh, god yes, babe," he breathed. "By all means."

"Okay, listen close hon. I'm rubbing my nipples through my nightie, making them hard. I'm rolling them between my fingers...you like?"

"Yes, keep going..."

"I'm still holding one breast in my hand, running the other up and down my sides and stomach, getting closer and closer to my pussy. Up and down, so softly, sending tingles from my face to my toes. Sliding my fingers between my lips, tweaking my clit...I'm so wet for you, Mark...so hot and wet."

"Mmmmm, keep going hon, I'm hanging onto your every word."

"I take my fingers out and bring them to my mouth, licking the juice off of them, the way that you would."

"Oh god...Cher, have you still got that dildo?"

"Yes," I said, rolling over to get it from the toy box we kept under the bed. "It's in my hand right now..."

"Please, please, use it and pretend it's me...and put us on speakerphone...I want your hands free."

"Okay, we're on. And I forgot how pretty this dildo was..." I teased him, laughing.

"Do whatever you want...just be sure and tell me exactly what you're doing."

"You bet. Ready?" I purred.

"So ready," he said.

"Okay, I'm letting my hands explore my body, caressing myself. My shoulders, my chest, my breasts through the thin material of my nightie. Making my nipples harder with each pass I make over them. I slowly let my hands slide down to my sweet spot, roaming over my clitoris, making my shiver. Lightly stroking it, pretending it's your tongue on me. I let the fingers from my other hand slide to my juicy hole...grazing the inner lips...letting one slide in soooo very slowly."

Mark groaned audibly, and I smiled. I hoped there was no one around to see him.

"I'm so wet, baby. So hot thinking about your body on me, in me. I'm taking the dildo in my hand now...letting it slide between my lips, pressing against my clit, sliding further down and letting the head of it slide inside me. It's so big...I can feel it stretching me. Baby, feels so good."

"Oh my god, Cherie. Making me so hard," he breathed. "Want to make love to you...wish I was there with you now."

"But you are, hon. You're right with me every step of the way. Now, I slide the dildo further in, letting is go right to the hilt, squeezing it with my muscles the way I know you like to be squeezed. My hips are moving now, keeping rhythm with my hand. I can smell myself, I'm so wet. Don't you wish you could smell me, Mark? Smell how hot I am? How wet?"

"Mmmmm, want to taste you," he said.

"I'm taking my fingers away from my clit and bringing them back up to my mouth, licking and sucking all the juice off of them...hear it? I'm still pumping this huge cock in and out too, babe, faster and faster, imagining it's you inside me. I'm getting ready to cum, is that what you want? Do you want me to cum all over my hand?"

"Yesss," be groaned. I really hoped no one was with him. 

"Are you ready to cum with me? Are you all hard and ready? Is your cock in your hand? I hope it is, baby, cause I'm cumming."

I was too, the thick rubber dildo sliding in and out with incredible speed, fingers sliding over my clit, I was moaning and groaning now, writhing on the bed, calling out his name, knowing he could hear me.

Then, he was beside me, covering me with kisses, licking his way down my chest, sucking briefly at a nipple. My eyes were wide in amazement. 

"How? What?" And then I realized he had been talking to me from the car. I slid the dildo out and ripped his clothes off of him, unleashing a huge erection. The head of his penis was covered in pre-cum and I finally realized how hot I had made him. Wow...I thought. 

I pushed him onto his back and straddled him, letting my breasts sway over him. I slid down onto his hard, thick cock in one swift motion, enveloping him in me. He groaned and I screamed. His hands took a hold of my hips and we started to move, thrusting at each other wildly, panting and screaming closer and closer to orgasm. We came together in a matter of minutes. And I came again as he continued to thrust. 

"Oh, baby, you're so hot. You make me so hot," I was whispering in his ear.

"Cherie, hon, you're incredible," he was saying back.

I came again, for the third time and collapsed onto his now sweaty chest, panting hard to catch my breath. 

When I finally felt revived enough I slid off, and laughed. "You are the most evil person I have ever met," I told him. 

"Ahh, but it was so fun. I waited at the laundromat until I knew you'd be getting ready for bed and then made my move. Mmmm, Cherie, that was awesome."

"I know babe, we'll have to do it again sometime."

I leaned over and kissed him deeply, rested my head on his chest and drifted away to sleep.

Until next time...

To Be Continued...