 I don't know why I agreed to meet him. I slammed the car door and hurried across the hotel car park. My stomach was churning, my legs were shaky on my highest heels and the new suspender belt I had just bought pinged as one of the buttons gave up under the strain. 

"Shit!" My muttered swear word was carried away on the wind, as I plunged towards the hotel door. 

This all seemed such a good idea sitting at my computer, typing horny little messages to an unknown man whose profile I had found on an adult dating website. Now, I was decidedly unsure. What if he was not the six foot man god he had made out? Worse what if he took one look at me and bailed out? I mean I am not Quasimodo in drag but I am not a penthouse babe either. Especially now I had reached the age of thirty-seven and gravity had stepped in.

I pushed the hotel door open, looking at my watch at the same time. I had twenty minutes to get the room key, get to the room and try to make myself look like the hot, sexy woman my MSN messages had made me out to be. 

The receptionist perched in the Hotel Lobby looked just like the woman I had told him I was. All blonde hair, big breasts and legs; life was just getting better and better. I walked towards her, trying to keep my thighs together to stop my loose stocking from moving any further towards my knee. 

"Can I have the room key for 701 please?" My voice sounded strange. I gave myself a mental shake, pull yourself together. "It's Mrs Jones, my husband made the booking." She knew; I just knew she knew and she knew I knew she knew. I do not believe I am having this conversation in my head.

"Certainly Mrs Jones, please sign in." She pushed the register towards me and smiled. It was definitely the smile of someone that knew I was not meeting my husband. 

I pushed my lips into a semblance of a smile and signed Mrs Jones against room 701. He could have picked a better alias, Mrs Robinson maybe. He was only twenty six. If he was thirty six would I have felt better at displaying my body to him? I doubted it, even I tried to avoid seeing my body in the mirror when it was not pulled and pushed into clothes.

"Room 701 is just at the end of the corridor." The smiling receptionist said. She held out the room swipe card. Her name badge had Cindy printed on it. She looked like a Cindy. Cindy pointed to the long corridor to her left. "I hope you enjoy your stay with us. If you need anything Mrs Jones, please just dial 0." 

"Thanks." I murmured as I took the little card and turned to the endless corridor. It did seem endless, I could turn back but then I would never know. My stomach churned again, I felt sick. I could feel the cold sweat beginning to form under my arms, my thighs felt sticky and my hands were clammy. I began the walk; I could not decide whether I was excited or just terrified.

Room 701 appeared far too quickly or perhaps just in time, before my legs gave way or I made a mad dash through the hotel lobby back to my safe little car. I swiped the card in the room door and it opened. Well here goes nothing, what could possibly go wrong. I shut off the thoughts in my head of being hurt, murdered or worse still laughed at and entered the room.

Business hotel rooms are always the same, it does not matter whether you are in the UK, USA or Outer Mongolia; they all have the same narrow corridor with the bathroom off to one side; the built in wardrobe; the small table that you catch your knee on when you wander back late after a few too many drinks in the bar and then there is the bed. I did not want to think about the bed.

It had been eighteen months since I last slept with a man (or a woman for that matter). Not that I had ever slept with a woman but the way I'd felt some nights I would not have cared. That's the reason I had joined the adult dating site, I did not want a man full time; just a friend with benefits for those nights when the walls closed in and I was so hot I was sure I was going to explode. Those nights when it did not matter how much I made myself come, I still felt I would go mad without strong arms around me and a strong cock inside me.

I wondered if it was only me that missed sex that much. I had never been overly interested when my husband had been there to satisfy me. I enjoyed it. Really enjoyed it sometimes, I just never realised when I chucked him out that I would miss the sex so much. Strange, after ten years of marriage, the only bit of him I missed was the large erection that had been such a nuisance on Monday mornings when I needed to get to work.

I looked at my watch, twelve minutes. Well I was here, I had come this far the least I could do was to make myself look presentable. I took my suit jacket off and undid two buttons on my black silk shirt to display my cleavage better. The new black lacy bra, with the pretty, I hoped sexy, pink ribbon running round it just peeked out of the deep V of my shirt. The quarter cups strained to hold in the 38DD breasts that had appeared with the extra pounds I had put on since my husband left. I would have been happy to keep the breasts if I could get a little waist to go with them. I viewed the effect in the bathroom mirror. Not too bad. 

Skirt or no skirt I wondered. I did not like the effect of the shirt tucked into the skirt waistband, fine with the suit jacket on but not flattering with nothing to hide the additional weight. I took the skirt off and re-attached the flagging stocking to the suspender belt. Now that looked better. The shirt nearly covered my bottom at the back, just letting my still firm cheeks peek out, with the stockings and suspenders showing I looked good. I smiled, my confidence beginning to return. I could feel the first stirrings of excitement in between my legs. I experimentally eased a finger under my matching black lace knickers and rubbed my clit. I could feel the moisture clinging to my finger. I obviously like being scared I thought to myself.

I reached my hand up and let down my blonde hair. The muted red lipstick I was wearing still looked good. I loved this colour on my full lips. If I was truthful I had always considered that my lips were my best feature even on the days when I felt old and frumpy I still liked my lips. My husband used to say just thinking about my lips wearing red lipstick could make him come. I tousled my hair to give it the "just got out of bed look" and removed my glasses. I was ready.

I moved back to the bed and took my watch off. Glancing at it again, I could see I now had three minutes before he arrived. I sat on the bed. I had forgotten something; I knew I had forgotten something.

"Blindfold!" I shrieked. He had said he wanted to come in and find me kneeling on the bed, wearing a blindfold facing the door. That had spooked me when he had first mentioned it but the more I had thought about it the more erotic it had seemed. 

I dashed to my jacket and took out the black scarf I had placed in the pocket earlier, when I was still at home telling myself what a very bad idea this was.

With the scarf safely in my trembling hands, I knelt on the bed and placed it over my eyes and knotted it securely. Darkness. It was strange just kneeling on the soft bed not being able to see anything. I could have been anywhere. I could feel shivers running down my back and arms; I was getting hot just waiting.

The room door opened; when you cannot see even the slightest sound is loud. I trembled, my legs were shaking again and I fought the urge to reach up and rip the blindfold away from my eyes so I could see the man who I could hear moving into the room. Walking into the hotel had been terrifying but this was beyond any fear I had ever felt in my life.

I felt a finger trace my lips, and opened them with a groan of surprise. God that felt good. The caressing finger was so soft and gentle I almost believed I had imagined it. The finger traced a path from my lower lip, down my chin, down my neck and to the deep valley between my breasts.

I could hear his breathing; as he undid the next button on my shirt. He was so close I could hear him catch his breath and hold it. I imagined what he was seeing and moaned. I wanted him to tear my shirt off and crash me in his arms; the slowness of his touch was almost more than I could bear. 

I was wet, I could feel my juices soaking my lace panties and spilling onto my thighs. I moved my knees further apart and could smell my arousal flooding the gap between us. I felt another button open and his hand stroked the soft flesh of my belly. My body swayed towards the body I could sense but not see. 

I felt him move closer; I could feel the warmth of his body stretching towards mine. He moved away. I could hear him just to the right of me, my head moved to better catch the sound. I heard the rustle of buttons opening and the fall of belted trousers. I tried to catch the whimper that came from my lips. "What next?" questioned the voice in my head. At that particular moment I would not have moved for anything in the world, nothing was going to stop me from finding out what this man had planned for me.

The hands returned and even without seeing I knew he was naked. The warmth I had felt earlier was now pure heat reaching out to my semi naked body. His hands continued with the final two buttons on my shirt and as the silk separated he cupped my full breasts and run a finger lightly over my erect nipples. 

I shivered with the twin pleasure of having both nipples stroked and subconsciously moved my hips closer to him. His hands were now squeezing my breasts and I could hear both his and my breathing quicken. He moved closer to me and his hard cock touched my belly.

He moved away again, leaving me gasping and breathless. I nearly fell forward as I felt the bed dip on my right side and cried out incoherently. I steadied myself as his two hands cupped my breasts from behind and a wet mouth suckled my shoulder. I leaned back against him. I could feel hard muscle and my head only came to just under his chin. He had not been lying when he said he was tall. That one thought made me feel more secure, if he had not lied about his height then he had probably not lied about the other things he had written.

I felt dizzy; those strong arms and hands squeezing my breasts rhythmically; that hard chest pushed against my back and that hard cock nestled against my bottom were all made the more intense by not being able to see them. The helplessness of not seeing, having to receive without giving; made each touch, each sound more intense. 

His hand moved down across my belly, still gently stroking while his other hand still squeezed one breast. I moaned, I knew where his hand was going and was almost scared to breathe in case he changed his mind. His hand lingered on my belly, gently kneading the extra flesh and pulling me even closer to his erection. I could feel the hard, steel of his cock moving against my lace panties and moaned in response.

He moved his mouth from my shoulder and nuzzled his lips up my neck. The hand on my belly continued its slow path down until it eased under my lace panties and tugged them to one side. He tenderly stroked my clit. If he had not been there holding me, I knew I would have fallen. The pinpricks of pleasure consumed me; I could think of nothing other than what that hand was doing.

The hand on my breast moved to surround my neck and he gently but firmly pulled me backwards against him, his ever hungry mouth still feasting on my neck and shoulder. The fingers on my clit moved more rapidly; my breath was now ragged and I could feel the first contractions of my orgasm beginning. The fingers slowed and I groaned my disappointment.

The fingers at my clit were now teasing. Slowly rubbing, drawing circles round and round, spreading the juices flooding my pussy. The fingers moved to enter me and instead of pulling in and out, he rubbed the sensitive lining. The feeling was indescribable, like a fire had been lit inside me. I tried to move my body to escape the feeling, afraid of the intense pleasure but the hand at my neck prevented me. I was almost sobbing with the feelings flooding my body. 

His hand released my neck and I fell forward putting my hands out to save myself, he followed me down, both hands now clasped around my waist and pulled me back and against him. One hand reached back and moved my panties so I was open to him. His fingers slippery from my juices sank back into my pussy and entered me again. Two fingers explored and were joined by a third as I opened myself to him completely. I cried out as he eased his whole hand inside. I was rocking back on to his hand, meeting the rhythm he set; the feeling of complete fullness was ecstasy. He withdrew his hand as my muscles contracted and stroked my back until I calmed.

I felt the thickness of his cock head bang against me and he met no resistance, the entire length of him slide into my soaking, wet pussy. I cried out as he moved in long strokes; in and out, in and out. The rubbing, stroking and teasing had carried me to the brink and as he increased the rhythm of his thick, long cock I came in shuddering waves. I could feel myself contracting around him, milking him to his own orgasm. His semen flooded into me, his cock twitching in my still contracting pussy. We sank on to the bed, his arms holding me gently as I sobbed in pleasure.

As he held me, kissed me and murmured inaudible sounds into my hair, I pushed the blindfold up to see this man who had so expertly known how to play my body. The face I saw was a familiar one but not one I had ever imagined seeing again so close to mine; especially as we had not spoken since our divorce.

"Hello baby, have you missed me?" my ex-husband said. "I could not resist when I saw your profile on the website."