 Kathy and I have been dating for several months. She is a 3:00pm to 11:00pm Supervisor in the Labor and Delivery department for a large hospital. Our meeting each other was through another friend she worked with. 

For almost a year I have been dating nurses almost exclusively since they tend to refer their "friends" my way. I had been dating 3 of the nurses from the unit Kathy worked on and one night I received a phone call from Susan. We talked for a while then she said that Kathy, one of her friends wanted to talk to me. Kathy and I talked for a while, it was pretty small talk then she handed the phone back to Susan. We were about to hang up when Susan said "sure we will meet you at the bar". About 20 minutes later Susan called me back to let me know where and when to meet and that they were bring along Kathy to meet me. 

I got to the bar before they did and got one of the larger tables, I had just started sipping on my drink when a pair of hands covered my eyes, and pulled my head against her chest. Then she said "guess who and I bet you will get something special tonight". I could tell exactly who it was from her voice and said "Susan!". With that she bent over my head and gave me a big kiss and sat on my lap. We hugged and kissed for a minute and I said, "I thought you were bringing Kathy along"? Susan said "Kathy was finishing up and would be here in a few minutes" and if you don't go home with Kathy tonight, Debbie and I want to come over. 

About that time Debbie and 3 other people showed up, with our usually hug and kiss we all sat down around the table leaving the chair next to me vacant. We were all just talking when Susan stood up and said "KATHY"!! Then she leaned over to me and said that is Kathy and if I didn't like her, the offer was still on. 

Debbie and Susan had been frequent lovers but never together, both were slim, attractive and VERY SEXUAL in their own ways. Debbie was 22 years old, about 5' 6" about 125 lbs., strawberry blond hair and with a nice "C" cup. Susan was 23 years old, shorter, about 5' 2", about 103 lbs., dark brown hair, and a "B" cup. Both were very much in-shape, and ready to have sex most of the time. 

Kathy came over, everyone got up gave her a hug and of course had her sit next to me. We talked and there was something about this woman. She was in her late 20's, about 5' 6" tall, 130 lbs, blond, "D" cup and there was great intensity about her. She carried a mystique about her that words can't describe. However, I was to find out later.

After only a few minutes of talking, the mystique sucked me in, as I gently placed my hand under her face, turning it slightly to me. As our lips met, our tongues exchanged fiery intensity as we explored each other for the first time. Our embrace only heightened by the feel of her hand as it moved up my leg to feel my growing cock. Her hand began to rub me, it appeared her whole body was becoming on fire with lust. We broke our embrace only to catch a breath her hand still firmly on cock she leaned over for another tongue-lashing. This time as we separated I whispered "would you like to come over to my place"? With no hesitation her answer was "yes". We excused ourselves and left. I have to tell you her lips were so perfect, her smell was that of a vixen, her touch was that of an angel, and her eyes of a seductress. And, Yes, just that quick we left.

As we exited the bar, she reached for me hand, the night air was cold as she pulled close to me for only last embrace, a hug and a kiss before we left. We got into our cars and were on our way. Arriving at my place we walked up the stairs, and into the living room where I laid our coats on over a chair. I turned on some music, as we continued to become even more relaxed with my in-house smoke. We began to slow dance holding each other close as my hand caressed her cute little ass. Kathy leaned back only far enough to begin unbutton my shirt as I began to unbutton hers. As I slipped it over her shoulders I quickly unsnapped her bra to expose her perfectly shaped natural breasts. They were beautiful, full, soft, the slight scent of perfume, and pink nipples. Then it got to a point of who could get who undressed the fastest. As my pants fell to the floor, Kathy was began rubbing my cock with both hands slipping her fingers into the top of my underwear and skillfully and sensuously pulling them down. So this is why the girls on the floor talk about you all the time. I had also slid her pants over her shapely hips and they dropped to the floor. Now only in panties, her "D" cup breasts fully exposed and being softly caressed, as we made our way to the bedroom. 

As we entered the bedroom I reached and picked her up in my arms and gently laid her on the bed. My hands slipping her panties over her tight shapely little ass exposing her shaved pussy as they slid down her long sensuous legs. Holding her legs, one in each hand, I slowly began to kiss my way along her inter thighs as I reached the velvetness of her exposed lips. There was a slight scent of perfume on her legs and the faint sent of her sex as my tongue gently brushed across her wet shaved pussy. Kathy moaned as I continued to slowly allow my tongue to brush from her asshole to her clit. This seemed to bring great ecstasy to Kathy as she lifted her ass off the bed allowing me easier assess. With each passing minute our juices were mixing and running down the crack of her ass. Her taste was that of a goddess, the nectar of Venus, as I continued to tease and gently touch my tongue to all of her sensitive areas. Then I allowed my tongue to separate her lips. The warmth and nectar of her body, as I very slowly moved my tongue up and down was so overwhelming. I knew from her tenseness that she was building to a slow but intense orgasm. With several deep strokes of my tongue I slowly slid two fingers into her opening as her hips met them and began to rotate. My mouth firmly planted on her tiny clit, as I gently sucked and circled her clit with my tongue, I could feel her stomach began to tense for the first of a countless number of orgasms she would have. After several orgasms of increasing intensity, I touch her asshole with my little finger. It was covered from our juices and began to easily slide into her asshole, with the other two fingers deep in her pussy and my tongue continuing its slow roll over her clit. Within two or three strokes, Kathy reached down with both hands as she buried my face against her clit, forcing her hips up pushing my fingers deep into her openings as she erupted in the most intense orgasm of the night so far.

Kathy moved allowing my fingers to slowly slide out both her openings as she repositioned herself on her hands and knees giving me a long hot kiss. My beard covered with our nectar, I could almost sense increased passion in her kiss. She began to move slowly down my chest, sucking each nipple, then kissing and licking down my stomach as her lips touch the top of my cock. Her tongue began to lick down the shaft the back up again several times before allowing my member to enter her awaiting mouth. Her mouth was hot with passion, her tongue was that of silk as she continued to caress my cock. 

Then with great expertise she continued to lick, and suck taking all 8" into her hot wet mouth. As she sucked allowing the entire length into her mouth, I began to work my way underneath her body as she positioned herself directly above my awaiting tongue. She didn't miss a beat as I began to let me tongue trace the length of her velvety opening. I caressed her ass as she began to sway back and forth fucking my face as I was hers. I could feel that I only had minutes before I exploded when I slipped two fingers into her asshole and started to slowly move them in and out. Kathy was meeting each stroke with her own movements. She then pulled one of my legs up and began to let her fingers trace around my asshole then I felt the pressure of her finger entering me. It must have been as stimulating for her as it was for me as we both exploded at the same time. 

In one seamless movement Kathy mounted me taking my cock in her hand as she placed it at her opening. I easily slid deep into her pussy as she began to rotate on my cock. I reached up to her pulling her close enough to suck on her nipples running my tongue in circles and nibbling on her nipples, from one to another and back again while she continued to allow my cock to slide deep into her pussy. Kathy was at the top of her world as I could feel her stomach muscles began to tighten again. Then with a DEEP THRUST as she began to erupt in another orgasm. I have to admit the other women that I have slept with just couldn't keep up with Kathy.

This went on for over 2 hours, as we laid resting, her back to me with my arms around her holding her breasts, she began to back into me again. We were both very wet from all the lovemaking, when I felt her hand reach between her legs one again grab my cock and positioning it. This time it was against her asshole. She said "don't move let me do this". As I laid perfectly still, I felt her exerting slight pressure as I felt my cock slowly push against her opening and begin to enter her ass.

First the head, then a small stroke some other movement as she moved further back allowing only an inch or two up her tight little hole. Then with no warning she pushed back with reckless abandon as she took it all into her ass. It was HOT, WET, and I couldn't stand it any more as I started to slowly move back and forth. I reached down and found her hands gently touching her clit as I held her hands she replaced hers with mine as I continued to penetrate her. With one hand rubbing her clit I slid two fingers into her pussy and could feel my cock as I rocked back and forth. Kathy again asked me not to move as she began to move in her special way. Then without warning she moved forward, then pushing back with all her force she took it all up her ass as she again exploded. 

After a short rest, I started to rock again, with my hand on her clit, I felt her pulling my fingers out of her pussy quickly replacing them with hers. I knew exactly what she was feeling and knew it would be long before I would be filling her ass with my cum. It was amazing that she had the same amount of tightness in both of her openings. They were almost virginal as I began to pick up the pace. I was getting close as I whispered to Kathy I was almost there. She started to rotate herself, this time I could feel her tightening up again. She said, "tell me when you are close", and she no sooner got that out of her mouth, I said, "I'm cumming". With that she pushed back even harder than before and driving her fingers deep into her pussy as we both came together for the second or third time that night.

We laid together as I could feel my cock slowly start to slide out of her ass. We slept for a while, then waking up she said she needed to get home. We hugged and kissed and made a date for the next night. 

The next night was even better. We had a GREAT SEX life, one on one with each other, adventures in public, with other people together and separate. Life is great when you have a GREAT SEX PARTNER.