 "I’m thinking of surprising Jesse,” said Tania to her best friend Macy, 

"Oh yeah? What are you planning on buying him?” she asked eyeing her friend. 

"I don’t plan on buy him anything, I plan on doing something to him!” Tania explained, her dark brown eyes glistening “you know sex wise.” 

Macy looked at her friend, her mouth gone dry; she knew all the fantasies her Latino friend was capable of doing. 

"What are you planning to do?” she asked, as curiosity won her over. Tania threw a magazine at her, 

"Page 87, number 6” Macy quickly turned to the page, the title “10 sizzling things to do with your partner” came into view. She quickly searched for number six and read loud enough for the two of them to hear 

"Make love with only the sense of touch,” she read “ ‘blindfold yourself and your partner, make a silence treaty, and get ready for a night of sizzling hot passion’” she finished reading and looked up at Tania “you’re really gonna do this?” 

"Yea! I’m beginning to think our sex life is getting too boring” Tania said carelessly 

"Tania,” her friend said amazed “you’ve got to be kidding me! How can your sex life be getting boring’ when just last month you had a one-night stand and you taped it for him to watch!”

"Exactly my friend, LAST MONTH, I’ve got to keep things moving you know?” 

"Yeah I know, so when are you planning to do this?” at that moment Tania grinned naughtily 

"Tonight!”

That afternoon, as Tania got out of the shower she thought about what she was about to do that night as she examined her body. Her dark, chocolate colored skin, her full breasts and flat tummy, with muscle lines all leading down to a clean shaven pussy, just for tonight. She looked at herself in the mirror at her long face, dark brown eyes, full lips, and long black hair. Typical description for a Latino, and not just any Latino, a Dominican, she couldn’t wait. 

At 7:30 she checked that everything was ready, her sexy lingerie, the two silk bandannas they were going to blindfold themselves with, and the strawberry champagne. She heard a knock at the door and instantly her heart began to race, her nipples became hard, and the slightest form of wetness started to form between her legs. She pulled on her bathrobe and walked to the door, took a deep breath and opened it. There stood Jesse, her current and longest lasting boyfriend, a tall, muscular Puerto Rican, with the biggest cock Tania had ever seen (now see why they had been so long together?) Tania greeted him with a passionate kiss and immediately Jesse began to roam his large hands through her body, reaching her firm ass. 

"Uh-uh you bad, bad boy, not yet” she took his hand and led him to the living room, where she had thrown cloth over all the lamps and had the champagne waiting. 

"Oh so this must be some special occasion” Jesse exclaimed as he looked around the room, 

"Yea it is,” she said in her own little way. 

They slowly sipped the champagne for a few minutes, but then Tania put her glass down and walked to the middle of the room, 

"Here comes your surprise!” she said as she slowly took off her bathrobe. Exposing her sexy bra with a lacy G-string, just the way Jesse liked them. 

"Oh baby! All this for me?” Jesse moaned, 

"And this is just the beginning” purred Tania as she walked towards Jesse. 

She straddled him and slowly started to unbutton his shirt as she sucked on his bottom lip, before long she had his shirt off and was starting on the belt. Their kisses had become more passionate and Jesse had already unhooked her bra, she was starting to loose herself. “Got to keep the goal in mind,” she thought as she finally broke the kiss, 

"What’s wrong baby, why’d you stop” whined Jesse 

"You always do like to fuck me quick? Don’t you” she whispered into his ear 

"Well, isn’t that the best way?” he moaned as he felt his manhood stand at attention and push between her legs. 

"Not for tonight Hon, not tonight” with that Tania stood up, took Jesse’s hand, and started to lead him into the bedroom. 

"I see that little Timmy has already woken up” she innocently said as he stood up, his bulge becoming apparent 

"He’s got a play date with little Michelle, they’re gonna go exploring in the caves tonight” he said just as innocently as she did. And with that they walked into the bedroom. As soon as they were both in, Tania pushed Jesse onto the bed and showed him the two bandannas.

"I’ve got a surprise for you tonight” she purred into his ear as she licked his earlobe.

"Oh yea? What would that be?” Jesse responded his eyes showing the deep lust he was starting to feel.

"Blindfolds…no talking…only hands… got the point?” she gasped in between kisses.

"Yessssss” he purred.

Tania blindfolded Jesse with soft hands, she stroked and caressed all his face, and hair before she was done, then went to the task of blindfolding herself.

"Done?” Jesse asked.

"Shhh!” Tania exclaimed as she took Jesse’s hand in hers and led it to her face, she slowly kissed it and put it on her cheek, slowly guiding it all over her face. Jesse wasn’t to far behind, he started to feel her face and textures, taking extra care in feeling her lips and neck. He then slowly leaned forward and felt his way to her neck using only his lips. Leaving a trail of kisses as he went along.

Tania couldn’t believe how a simple blindfold could heighten her senses and make her feel things she had once taken for granted. As Jesse kissed and explored her neck, she used her hands to slowly feel the toned and hard muscles of his back; she slowly traced each line with her fingertips. Jesse then shifted putting her on the bottom. Tania exclaimed and giggled, it was Jesse’s turn to silence her with his lips, and he gave her another long and passionate kiss. He explored her body, feeling her large breasts and stopping to pull and pinch her dark nipples. She moaned and moved her own hands down his rock hard body to his boxer briefs, feeling his erect dick through the material. At the same time Jesse was approaching her pussy, slowly pushing his way south of the border, he then felt it, a clean- pussy, and smooth baby skin.

"So what is this?” he asked, pleased at his discovery.

"You like?” 

"Very much” 

He stuck his fingers inside her pussy, searching for the little bud he knew drove her wild. Beginning to push and pull the little bud as he sucked each of her nipples, Jesse drove a scream from Tania, and she wrapped her legs around his back and fingers, signaling her complete approval. He felt around and around admiring with his touch the newly shaven skin. 

He then began to feel down her body, using his lips and tongue as a map, leading south to what he knew was waiting for him. Tania couldn’t believe how good she felt, how good HE made HER feel. At that moment Jesse reached his destination, he sharply sucked on her clit. Tania screamed out and grabbed his head with fists. Jesse lapped and licked, opening her labia with his tongue then inserting his long and skillful tongue into her cunt. Tania couldn’t take it anymore; she was on the brink of a massive orgasm.

"Jesssse…please…just… make me cum…please!” she gasped

"Remember you can’t talk!” Jesse said as he found her hole with two of his fingers and pushed them inside. That did it, right then Tania felt a massive orgasm rip through her body, wave after wave of electric pleasure ripped through her, making her scream out and grab the sheets with all her strength. Jesse bit down into her small clit, sending her over the edge all over again, leaving her shaking. Tania couldn’t take it anymore, she didn’t want to make love to Jessie, she wanted to fuck his brains out.



"Jesse, take that mother fucking blindfold off and come fuck me!” she ordered as he took hers off.

"As you wish Madame” Jesse was happy to oblige, he jumped on her and entered her in an instant. Tania closed her eyes and smiled feeling his 10 inches push into her, while Jesse admired her face, that face she always made whenever he entered her. Before long he was up to the hilt. His pubic hairs tickled her cleanly shaven pussy; she giggled and opened her eyes.

"Come on Prick! What are ya waiting for?” she stared up at him “ Fuck me!”

Jesse started his thrusts, they were strong and rough from the beginning, and Tania grunted and took each one as it came, synchronizing her hips to meet his thrusts. 

They became an entangle of bodies and sweat, Jesse going down to suck and bite on Tania’s nipples and neck. Tania grunted and dug her nails into his back, feeling the stirrings of another orgasm in the deep of her belly. 

Jesse couldn’t believe how tight she felt “That blindfold shit really did work!” he thought to himself, as his thrusts became deeper, and he could feel his balls beginning to tighten. Tania could feel another massive orgasm approaching; she put her hand in between their bodies and looked for her clit. Shaving her pussy had made her clit ultra sensitive, so it just took a small flick to send her over the edge all over again. 

"YYYYYEEEESSSSS…OHH YYYEEESS!!!!!!!!” she moaned and screamed as she held to him for dear life. Her walls contracted, milking his dick, making him go over the edge with her.

"I’M CUMMMMMMMING!!!!!!!!!!” he screamed into her neck

"I know!!…You don’t have to tell me!!…I can feel it!!!” she snapped just before she engulfed him in another kiss and orgasmed again.

After a couple of minutes Jesse fell on top of Tania, breathing hard, his dick still inside her.

"That…was… amazing!” he gasped.

"We ain’t over…just yet!” 

Tania rolled Jesse over going along with him; she now was on top of him straddling him.

"I still want some more!” she said staring down at him, Jesse grabbed and knead her breasts as she bent down and sucked on his neck; cum from his previous orgasm dripping down her legs. She slowly started to move forward and then back, she moved up and then fell back down onto his dick. Jesse grabbed onto her hips and started a rhythm with her. Before long their labored breathing had started all over again, and Tania was scratching Jesse’s chest as she threw her head back and moaned, feeling the powerful member inside her. 

She was moving her hips in a way that was intoxicating for him. He was near the edge all over again.

"Tania… I’m near… again” he grunted, it was becoming very difficult for him to talk

"Don’t…talk…just…feel it” she moaned back, her eyes closed, feeling him in every part of her being. Slowly, very slowly, they both approached the point of no return. They orgasmed in an explosion of fireworks and lights. Tania fell forward in Jesse’s arms unable to stand back up, the last of her strength gone. Shaking, every muscle of her body rippling after such a strong string of orgasms. Jesse arched his back as spurt after spurt of hot cum went into her. 

Afterwards he placed her next to him and cuddled her close, Tania felt his dick slip out of her with a faint POP! She suddenly felt so empty; but felt him cuddle her close, and fell asleep in his arms. 

The next morning Tania awoke to the delicious smell of salchichón frying in the kitchen, she stood up, pulled on a long T-shirt, and went down into the kitchen. Jesse stood there cooking breakfast.

"Morning Hun, you’re up early,” he said to her as he placed the sizzling salcichón on two separate plates.

"Morning” was all Tania could say, a big smile on her face.

"I see you still remember last night,” he said to her smiling knowingly.

"Yup!” Tania exclaimed proudly, “So, did you have fun?” she asked grinning

"Yea I did,” he laughed, “but look at what you did to me”

Jesse pulled up his T-shirt showing numerous red scratch marks on his back and chest.

"I did THAT?!?!” she asked amazed, laughing at the intensity she had reached last night.

"Yup, and I did THAT” he laughed back pointing down to Tania’s legs. There were long streaks of dry cum on her legs, and still some more cum oozing out of her pussy, “so what do you have planned for me next time?” he asked casually as he handed her the coffee mug.

"I don’t know, we’ll just have to see,” she said back just as casually, as images of all the fun things they could do together came into her head.