 I've been with Johann for one year now. He's a free spirit and I'm not. I'm still somewhat inhibited, but I'm surprised by some of the things that I've allowed him to talk me into doing. It makes me feel good to be with someone that lives life to the fullest. 

Johann has a surprise for me. He tells me what to wear for the surprise. He's never made a special wardrobe request before, so I humor him. I allow myself to be blindfolded. He tells me that our destination is not very far and that I'm to remain blindfolded, so no peeking. Okay I'm intrigued and a little scared but I play along and do as he says. 

We drive for a little while and he stops the car. I hear him exit the car then come around the passenger side. He opens the door, takes my hand and helps me out of the car. We walk a short distance then he tells me to sit down. I'm now seated on a hard surface and I can't tell if it's a bench or a stool. 

Johann tells me to relax and I do by taking a few deep breaths. I wonder where we are but I didn't ask. I'm beginning to feel my other senses perk up. I can hear what sounds like water not too far away and the air is cool on my skin. We didn't go inside so I'm guessing that we're outside somewhere. 

Johann is looking at me, I know because I can feel his energy. It's drawing me to him. My body is instantly on alert, my nipples are erect and my panties are getting wet. Johann whispers in my ear. "Kierstyn, I'm gonna fuck you right here and I don't want you to move okay? I just want you to feel everything that I'm gonna do to you. Do you understand?" I say, "Yes Johann." 

I feel his hands on my feet. He removes my shoe's one at a time. My feet start to tingle, where he's touching them. Sensations are shooting up into my mound. My breath quickens. Then I feel his hands travel slowly up my legs as if he's trying to remember every inch of skin on my body from the tips of my toes to my hips. He lightly presses my legs apart and I can feel the breeze whisper over my heated flesh. I feel him lift one of my legs and place a kiss on the top of my foot, then my ankle. 

He slowly makes his way up to my knee. By now I'm panting. There is a tightness in my pussy and each caress of his hands and mouth is causing my senses to overload. He continues caressing my legs and feet. Johann stands up and moves away. I whimper. He soothes me with a kiss. I open my mouth and his tongue dips inside. It slides in and out slowly mimicking what he will later be doing inside my body. Then he slowly sucks on my tongue and I want to touch him, but I promised him I wouldn't do anything but sit here and feel. 

Johann ends the kiss by nibbling my bottom lip, and then says. "Damn, girl I could kiss you all day." I smiled. He moves away again and tells me to stand up. He lifts me by the waist and sits me down again, this surface is hard too, but it's wider than where I was before. Johann walks away and comes up behind me. 

He whispers to me. "Is your pussy wet yet?" I nod my head, because actual speech is impossible at this time. I feel him running his hands through my hair and lightly sucking that spot on my neck that drives me crazy. I want to tell him to hurry but I still can't put together complete sentences. I'm intently concentrating on feeling everything that he's doing to me. 

Then I feel his hands slowly grasp my shoulders and move slowly downward pulling my dress down to expose my aching breasts to the cool breeze that is circulating around us. He begins to slowly circle each nipple with his palms. I gasp, as little sharp sensations pulsate through my nipples. They are pointed and tight like two thick pencil erasers. All the blood is careening toward my pussy as he turns and twists my nipples. Then he gathers my breasts together and laves both nipples with his teeth and tongue. 

By now my breathing has almost stopped, he can feel that I'm about to come, so he whispers, "Come on baby, come for me." And I did. I'm not supposed to move so I concentrate on just riding the wave of that first exquisite orgasm. I know there will be many more because Johann likes to do everything very thoroughly and won't stop giving me pleasure until I am completely satisfied. 

He whispers, "Mmm sweetheart, I can smell the aroma of your sweet pussy. I think I might need a shot of insulin after tasting it." Oh my God, I can feel another climax coming on just from his voice. Damn this is good, I just wish he'd let me touch him. He likes me to grab his dick and just attack it. But I'm not allowed to participate yet. This is his show and I'm a captive audience. 

He moves away again and I feel my dress being lifted slowly. My breasts are still exposed and the air is making them more sensitive. There is something so incredibly erotic about tuning out everything else and concentrating on one sense. I can feel everything. Adrenaline is pumping and surging through my body. 

Johann slowly slides my dress up my thighs exposing me to the elements. The breeze has kicked up, but it's not cold, just pleasant enough to keep me from overheating. He continues to painstakingly raise my dress higher and higher, the anticipation of what he will do next is making me tremble. I want to hurry him along but I promised I wouldn't move. Finally I feel him push my dress up as far as it will go. The fabric is bunched up at the tops of my thighs. Johann then says in a hushed whisper, "I'm gonna taste you now baby." 

I nod my head even though he doesn't really require an answer. I feel his warm breath travel up my inner thigh, and then the tip of his tongue slowly moves up from my ankle bone then straight up to the crevice where my thigh and pubic area meet. He licks, and then blows a warm stream of air on it. I groan because my pussy is now throbbing and Johann is killing me slowly. 

He tells me to lift up my hips so that he can slide my panties off. I obey the suggestion. Once my panties are off, I feel Johann pull my hips forward to the edge of where I'm sitting. He tells me to lie back. I now realize that I'm on a table. Johann groans and says, "Just lie back and enjoy." I feel the first flick of his tongue on my clit and my hips rise. He says, "Baby, hold still and just feel this." Is he crazy? I can't keep still. But I do it. Not being allowed to see or actively participate is causing all these feelings and sensations to hit me at once. 

I feel another orgasm coming. Johann feels it too and encourages me while chanting, "Come for me Kierstyn, just come and I'll catch you." And I did, over and over. He has me riding the waves of orgasm like a professional surfer. 

I want to grab his head and grind my pelvis against his mouth but I don't need to. Johann knows what I like. He begins by penetrating me with two fingers alternating between sliding them in and out and around. Then with his other hand, he circles my clit, masturbating me as he is licking and sucking the areas around my sex. I'm being bombarded with such intense pulsing sensations that I scream. Johann gets very caught up in eating my pussy and he sometimes doesn't like to let it go. I can't stop coming and he won't stop sucking and licking and fingering my tight pussy. I want to tell him to stop because now I'm getting very sensitive, but I can't. I want everything he's giving me. 

Johann knows my body and can tell that he is over stimulating me so he eases off by removing his fingers and hands. He continues using only his tongue. He is sliding it in and out and circling it inside and around my mound. Now he is stroking my g-spot with his tongue, rolling it around inside of me and flicking it until I orgasm again. This time there was a rush of fluid. It's my first gusher and I feel my juices run down my ass. Johann's mouth and chin are now sticky with my essence. But he isn't finished with me yet. 

He tells me to sit up and guides my face to his crotch. I can feel the head of his huge dick near my mouth and I open up so he can come inside. This is what I want, what I have been waiting for. Now I have a chance to suck his big dick. He slowly guides the head into my waiting mouth and I latch on like an infant at the breast of a new mother. 

Before Johann, I never really liked giving blow jobs because I didn't know what I was doing. But Johann taught me how to take command of the dick and now I'm a pro. I feel him move so I relax my mouth in order to get as much of his ten inch rod down my throat. I lubricate it with my saliva and suck in my jaws creating a vacuum and I can feel Johann shudder. He says, "Baby ease up. I don't want to come too fast." 

Johann is multi-orgasmic; he can come as many times as I can get him up. I keep the suction tight and he starts to fuck my mouth. I'm sucking and he is pumping in and out of my eager hot mouth. I take the tip of my tongue and curl it around the head of his dick and Johann loses it. He starts to pump faster and I hear him grit his teeth and moan loudly. He tells me not to stop. I can feel the first gush of his thick and creamy sperm gush from the head of his dick. When the salty emulsion hit my tongue, it caused me to come again. 

Johann suddenly pulls out of my mouth and lays me back down. He takes his penis and rolls it around the entrance to my womb and gets the tip really wet. Then he slowly enters me. We each savor the sensation of my hot, tight pussy surrounding his big thick dick. He begins to give it to me inch by inch until he was in as far as he can go. I can no longer lie here passively. 

I lift my hips and meet him thrust for thrust. He's fucking my pussy and I'm fucking his dick. I can hear what sounds like thwap, thwap, thwap. It's the sound of our bodies crashing together. Johann begins a slow rhythm, and then speeds up driving into me like a pumping piston. He's giving me all ten inches as I grip his hot flesh within my walls. He circles, and then stirs the dick. I am close to losing my mind. I have never felt such intense pleasure. 

The sense of touch is overwhelming. Johann keeps thrusting and thrusting. He pulls out of my pussy completely and guides his dick to my mouth again. I open up to receive it and he says, "taste your pussy juice baby, now you will know how sweet it is and why I'm so addicted to it." I lick and suck every drop of it off his rock hard cock. I lick the dick clean. Johann, suddenly grabs me up and places me on my feet. 

He sits down behind me and lifts my dress out of the way. I open my legs and he tells me to ride him. I lower myself onto his massive erection a little too fast and experience a shortness of breath. I am trying to get his entire prick inside of my tight hole. I had to slow down and ease myself onto it. I settle onto it, Johann grabs my breasts and began massaging them and playing with my nipples. He knows that I am ready to come again and I can feel that he is too. He whispers in my ear one more time. "Come hard for me this time baby." Now I feel his middle finger circling my clit. I let out a high-pitched scream while bouncing up and down, Johann yells and keeps pumping into me. I can feel the hot sperm and my own juices escaping the tight seal made by the joining of our bodies. It's running down Johann's balls. Johann is still pumping and I feel him experience several more orgasms. 

I slump forward and Johann grabs my waist to keep me upright. I am physically depleted. When our breathing returned to normal Johann rearranges my dress and put my shoes back on my feet. He keeps my panties. I hear him arranging his own clothing.

He embraces me tenderly and kisses me, and then he asks if I am ready to take the blindfold off. I nod my head and he removes the silk scarf from around my eyes. I look around and we are in the picnic area of our local park. 

I have just experienced the best sex of my life in public on a picnic table. Whew, what will he think of next?