 I felt the bed shift under me, causing me to stir. It was subtle, but it was just enough to wake me. My mind went active an instant later as my senses came to life. 

I heard various birds outside, chirping just beyond the window. Every so often, they would peak, as if fighting for something important. Just beyond them were the sounds of cars rumbling by every so often. It was bothersome to my ear, but better than in the past. We made sure to choose a home that balanced easy travel and low sound for that reason. I smelled the familiar wood and cloth of my bed and covers. The combination had become a simple pleasure, for the scent always brought a smile to my face. Yet, they were faint compared to the fragrance plug I had on the one side of the room. The lavender scent was overpowering all else in the room, despite how long its been active. I made a mental note to remove it later. I felt the warmth of myself and the body next to me, caught under the covers. It radiated off Ryan and through my bare back, making me feel a deep, cozy feeling. It always comforted me to know he was by my side when I awoke. On my face, I felt the additional warmth of the sun shining through our windows. The window faced the rising sun, so I knew it was early in the morning. 

Ryan stirred again, sending another ripple through the bed. I grumbled internally as I knew that's enough to keep me permanently awake. Reaching out, I braved the cold air on my arm to find my watch resting on my bedside table. I opened the face to read the time as just past seven. Over an hour before we needed to wake up. I'm sure Ryan set his own alarm, but this time he was mine. 

I pulled back my arm and rolled onto my back. Then, I listened to his breathing. I lucked out he wasn't a snorer, because it would have been a deal breaker otherwise. Instead, I was treated to the gentle whiffs of air as he slumbered away. It was only when I confirmed he was still sleeping did I open my eyes to darkness. 

It wasn't something I did in front of others, for I hated people seeing my sightless eyes. At the same time, I couldn't resist the urge now and then just to have them open. It made me feel like everyone else, even if it did nothing for me. I always wondered what the world looked like around me and, having my eyes open let me imagine the possibilities. It wasn't much, but it was enough, as it was the only chance I had since birth. 

I shut my eyes with a sigh as the longing started to set in. It did me no good to think about what could have been. Instead, I focused on what I had. And, right now, all I could think of was having Ryan. He bumped into me randomly over a year ago, quite literally. I would have fallen over if he didn't catch me. Normally, such an event would have angered me, but instead Ryan found a way to make me smile it away. He then proceeded to help me with my errands that day. He did it with such a positive attitude too. Unlike others, who would fluster over my blindness, he kept calm and showed me respect constantly. After that, we spent time together constantly. It was no surprise when out relationship evolved into something more. We recently took the next step and got a place together, something I've been enjoying greatly. 

As I thought about how our wonderful relationship started, my body started to heat up. We waited awhile to become intimate, despite a few occasions of him catching me nude. Soon, though, we both felt the longing to go further. I was nervous at first, for I hadn't been with anyone before, but he handled it like everything else; respectful and kind. He made me feel truly loved that night and every night after. 

By now, my body was longing for him. but, I had a rare opportunity before me. Normally, he woke up before I did, using his lips in various areas to wake me. Now, it was my chance and I wanted to do it right. Slowly and carefully, I slid my body closer to his. When I felt our bodies touch, I paused, waiting to see if he would awaken. He stirred slightly, but he continued his dreaming. Once I was sure I was safe, I slowly lifted my arm and rested it on his chest. I shot higher than I wished, so I quickly lowered my hand until I found what I was looking for. We both slept without clothes, so I had instant access to his soft member. It felt warm between my fingers as I grasped it gently. I wondered once in awhile if it was bigger than other men's, but I never dwelled because it was the perfect size for me. 

Very slowly, I started to caress him. I was gentle as I took my time, enjoying the feeling of him react. It wasn't long till I noticed the change as he started to become hard. I loved feeling the subtle differences, the soft heartbeat, and the warmth as his body reacted to my touch. Despite the obvious reaction, though, he remained fast asleep. I smiled to myself before increasing my rhythm. My touch remained light, but my motions accurate. I knew all the spots I needed to hit to send chills up his spine. 

It was at that point I heard him moan softly. My smile grew as I used my other hand to find his chin and moved it closer to mine, all the while making sure my other hand never faltered. Just as he was about to fully waken, I turned his head towards me and used my fingers to find his lips just fast enough to kiss them gently. I felt electricity and warmth flow through my body as our lips met. It was a feeling I always got when we kissed and I loved it every time. It took only a moment more before he moved into the kiss, returning the love fully. I broke the kiss a few minutes later then rested my forehead on his, my hand still stroking him. 

"Good morning," I said softly. 

"Mmm, good morning," he replied. His voice was gentle, but deep and soothing. "I see you woke up first this time."

"Uh huh. And, I figured I would use this rare opportunity to give you a good morning present."

"I noticed," he said through another soft moan. "And enjoying."

"Then, let me give you a bit more."

I kissed him once more, before sitting up. Slowly, I positioned myself over him, using my hands to keep in place. Then, I gently left a trail of kisses as I moved lower down his body, casting aside the blanket in the process. With each kiss, I felt the spark flash through my body. I especially loved kissing his chest, for my fingers and lips found his smooth skin with faint muscles alluring. It was only when I reached his waist did I stop, moving right above my hand and his hard cock. My legs sat between his as I lowered my head till I was only an inch from him. I felt his warmth as it radiated off him, cooled slightly by my breath. I teased him for a moment or two, using my breath and fingers to keep him on edge. Then, I lowered my head the remaining inch and took him inside my mouth. 

The first time I used my mouth on him, I found it very strange. I suspected the taste would be different, but I didn't expect the texture. It was unlike anything I ever knew. I was never put off, though. Even now, it took me only a moment to adjust before I acclimated. I could never go too deep, but I managed nicely, getting about half way down before I pulled back. I let my fingers and saliva work the other half. My speed was slow, but impactful as I made sure every motion counted. Soon, I started to taste his saltiness as his body reacted. I actually enjoyed it, as it thrilled me to taste. I also enjoyed the power I get from having him in my control, though I never told him. Hearing him moan as I worked my tongue around his lower head just encouraged me to go further. 

Soon, I felt the familiar lift of his hips. It was subtle, but I knew what it meant. So, I slowed before more before I slid my mouth of gently. I let my breath tease his tip again as my hand held him in place. Above me, I heard him moan again, but with a ting of disappointment. 

"You alright?" He asked. He always showed concern, even when he was distracted like so. 

"Yeah," I said, giving him a quick peck. "I just wanted to give you the last of your present."

"And what of yours?" he asked, sitting up slightly. "I want to give you a good morning present too."

"Oh, don't worry," I answered with a smile. "I get to have some of this present too." I raised my hand and pushed his chest back down. "Now, just sit back and enjoy."

Even without seeing it, I knew he had a smile on his face as I moved forward over his body. It was that smile I found with mine as I kissed him while my body got into position. With my lips still on his, I guided his member inside me with the help of my hand. I was so turned on that he easily slipped inside with no resistance. Still, I took my time, feeling every inch as he slowly filled me up. I couldn't help but moan into his mouth, the pleasure washing over me. His body felt connected to mine as I finally bottomed out and felt his waist against mine. It was such a wonderful feeling that I sat there for a moment, enjoying it to its fullest. All the while, I continued to kiss him as I held his head gently between my hands. I never felt closer than moments like these. 

As romantic as the moment was, however, there was still a burning need inside me. Slowly, I started to move my hips. I felt as he gently pulled out till just the tip. Then, I pushed back down, filling me up again. His hips jerked slightly when I dropped down, sending him even deeper for just a moment. my raised again, feeling the friction as he rubbed against my insides. It was a such a wonderful feeling as I rocked slowly on top of him. Every time I would get close to pulling out, I would push back. And, every time his member would fill me, he would push just an inch more. All the while, our hands laced fingers and our lips danced together. Soon, though, I wanted more. I picked up speed, turning our passionate movements to wild ones. Our hips slammed together as we sought greater pleasure. I could hear our wetness as he drove deep into me with each thrust. 

The pleasure became too great that our kiss finally broke. I sat up straight, using my hands to brace myself against his chest. The change sent him even deeper than before as I rode him hard. Our hips moved in sync so I would drop down just as he'd thrust up. I gasped moments later as I felt his hands on my chest, kneading at my breasts. He always found time to play with my breasts, a very sensitive part on my body. his fingers dug into the soft flesh with the right amount of touch to send my pleasure even higher. Occasionally, he would twist my nipples slightly, causing moans to escape through my heave panting. 

It wasn't long till I felt the pleasure build into a deep pressure. I felt it grow inside as we moved even faster than before. I could feel him getting close too, as his thrusts became more erratic and frantic. This only thrilled me more as my own desire started to peak. Suddenly, my whole body went ridged as the pleasure exploded inside me. I spasmed on top of him as every part of me was filled with that pleasure. It was too much for him too, as I felt him grow seconds before he erupted. I could feel him flood my insides with each pulse, giving my orgasm a kick each time. It was so forceful and passionate that my mind went blank against it. 

Then, as suddenly as it began, it ended. I felt my body get heavy as I collapsed on top of him. My breath was ragged as I took my time calming down. Beneath me, he did the same. The beating of his chest against mine slowed as I listened to every thump. Every once in a while, his member would pulse slightly inside me, reminding me of all the pleasure it just gave me. By far, it was the best feeling I enjoyed. It was a sign of what I could do for him after all he's done for me. 

I felt his fingers run through my hair before moving down to my chin. He then pulled my head up and kissed me gingerly on the lips. I couldn't help but smile as I felt his mouth do the same. 

"Like your present?" I asked through belated breaths. 

"Most certainly," he replied with another quick kiss. 

"Think we can lay here all morning?" I asked, not wanting the moment to end. 

Beside us, his alarm went off loudly in our ears and making us both jump. 

"I think that answers your question," he said with a laugh. 

I reached over to his side table and patted the top before I found the alarm. Then, with a swift tap, I turned it off and turned my attention back to him. 

"Too bad for the alarm," I said, leaning in for another kiss. "I'm not done with you yet."