 This is a true story told from my perspective in a stream of consciousness style about the first night back with my lover after several weeks apart.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

My lover pushes me down on the hotel bed. I'm hard already. She's on top grinding against me as we kiss, soft and gentle at first, getting harder and more insistent, lips pressed hard against each other, my tongue slipping between her lips and sliding against her tongue, circling and massaging the tip of her tongue imagining I'm doing that to her clit. Hands on each others body, working their way under clothes to feel skin, caressing and stroking, pulling each other closer. Feeling the warmth of each other's body, excited about soon being naked, skin on skin.

In time my lover moves off me - hungry for cock. She strips naked in front of me, squeezing her breasts and sliding a finger between her cunt lips, telling me how wet she already is. Pulling my jeans off so she can play with my cock.

A couple of teasing licks of my cock head before she grabs the lube, squirts some on my cock head and starts giving me a slippery hand job. Two hands sliding up and down my cock, getting me harder, rubbing over my sensitive cock head making me moan.

Then seeing her drool spit onto my cock head. More stroking before she starts to lick and suck my swollen cock head. Pausing to drool more spit on my cock making me moan - mmmmmmmm sloppy wet cock sucking. Licking and sucking, up and down my cock, moving one hand down to play with her cunt at the same time.

Fucking is the thing my lover most loves, having something thrusting in and out of her cunt - fingers, toys or a hard cock, she knows her cunt is a fuck hole to be used. Sucking my cock until it's rock hard she stands up and straddles me. Lining up my cock with her wet cunt and sliding straight down. Burying my dick in her in one go, she's moaning and loving the sensation of being penetrated and filled by a hard cock. My hands up on her breasts, kneading and squeezing them as she rocks back and forward getting used to my dick inside her. More and more vigorous, her bouncing up and down, her controlling the angle and depth of my dick thrusting inside her, I thrust up, angling my hips trying to rub my cock against her g-spot which has made her squirt before when she rides me.

Talking dirty to each other, telling her how much I love being a fuck toyboy for her to use and pleasure her married cunt. I can feel my dick getting harder, cock head swelling more, a sensation of filling her cunt, my hands on her hips to pull her down and fuck her harder, abusing her cunt, so deep her cervix touches against my cock head, her cunt drooling pussy juice, running down over my cock and balls, both of us loving this hard wet fucking.

Eventually I order her to get off and spin around so we are 69ing. I want to taste her, I want her cunt rubbing over my face, licking all of her pussy, pushing my tongue as deep as I can in her fuck hole, grabbing her cheeks and spreading them wide to open her cunt. At the same time she's sucking my cock, cleaning up the fuck juices, trying to take me deeper and deeper, trying to deep-throat me like a greedy slut. I rock my hips up trying to fuck her face, to feel throat around my cock head.

I want to play with and use her more so I push her off and move her face down ass up. My hands running up and down her inner thigh, spanking her ass lightly, then progressively harder, her cheeks getting redder and turning her on even more. Grabbing my cock and rubbing it up down between her slippery cunt lips, making her beg to get fucked, slowly easing in to tease her, then grabbing her hips and pounding her as hard as I can, using her cunt as a fuck hole for my pleasure. My lover pushing back and moaning how much she loves being a married whore for my big cock. Moving and changing position, squatting above and behind her so I can push in deeper, this angle allows me to bury my cock the deepest, trying to fill her completely, just using and abusing her cunt as a fuck hole. My weight bearing down on her through my cock, buried so deep, balls against her clit. Even though we love this I eventually I have to move, thighs burning.

Back to spanking and fondling my lover's ass, getting it red and warm. Telling her what a good slut she is, how hot she is, how much I want her, how much she turns me on. Spreading her ass cheeks so I can rim her, licking up our fuck juices, tongue swirling around her ass hole, probing and pushing, trying to tongue fuck her, licking from clit to ass hole and back again, I can feel her ass hole relaxing and opening, allowing me to push in further. It's so naughty trying to fuck her ass with my tongue and I love it.

I want to use a new ribbed glass dildo in her ass but today wasn't the day. So I use it in her pussy, slowly, teasingly, wanting her to feel every ribbed bulge as it pops in and out of her cunt, trying to find the best angles to touch her g-spot, pleasure her, satisfy her. Wanting to stretch and fill her delicious cunt I start to push my cock between her lips, soon pushing inside her slippery wet cunt, some kinky DP fucking, stretching her cunt with a toy and a cock, finding a comfortable position and starting to fuck harder, the toy almost completely inside her as I'm thrusting in and out, I'm hoping the beads feel good as they slide inside her, loving how kinky she is, reminding her that we'll do this with another cock some day, two hard cocks inside her gorgeous cunt making her feel like a complete slut and loving it..

The toy slipped out so I changed to finger fucking her slippery cunt, two fingers inside, then three. A good hard finger fucking, my fingers rubbing over her g-spot, trying to get her to squirt like she sometimes does. But not this time so I leave two fingers inside her, sliding them around the skin inside her fuck hole, feeling how warm, wet and open it is, amazed that her pussy seems open up inside her creating so much space for cocks, fingers and other toys. My fingers so deep inside her that I can run them gently over her cervix - so kinky. Someday I want to be able to fist her cunt so I add a third finger, then a fourth, stretching her pussy open, getting her used to the sensation of being so stretched and so full, abusing her slutty cunt.

Then somehow it changed to giving her swollen pussy a massage, my hand cupping her cunt, sliding back and forth so easily from the juices and lube, long slow firm rubbing over her lips and clit, feeling her warmth in my hand, holding my lovers cunt like it's mine, feeling her push back against me, sliding my fingers over and between her lips, palm rubbing circles over hard clit for as long as I can trying to make her cum, then pulling each pussy lip, gently stretching it and exposing her wet hole.

My lover is now begging to get fucked again, to fill up her fuck hole with my cock, to use her as my fuck toy. Giving in to her wishes I thrust back into slippery open fuck hole, it turns me on that it slides in so easily into her stretched cunt, holding my cock in my hand to keep it lined up, almost wanking as I thrust into her, pulling all the way out to thrust straight back in, wanting to pound her sloppy cunt as hard as I can, making her feel like a slutty married whore and knowing she loves feeling like that, having her toyboy lover using her cunt as a fuck hole for pleasure. It feels so good knowing we both loving dirty fucking. My cock head swells bigger as I get closer to cumming, feeling her cunt lips around my cock head until I know I'm going to cum, I can't hold back, pulling out so I can spray my cum all over her ass and groaning, making sure I get some on her ass hole, milking every last drop out of my cock. Fuck it felt good to finally cum so hard after being worked up all day, waiting to see her.

I can see my cum running down over her ass hole to her pussy lips, leaning forward so I can lick up every drop of it, running my tongue between and over her pussy lips up to her ass hole and back down, licking and sucking her ass clean, going back to tonguing her ass hole and fucking it a little, taking my time and making sure my dirty slutty lover is licked clean and then a few gentle spanks, telling her how fucking hot that is cumming on her and cleaning it up.

She agrees, telling me she loves how dirty I am, while I flip her over, spreading her legs as wide as possible, exposing her well fucked pussy to me. I want to bury my face in there, slowly, gently, lovingly I kiss, lick and suck her pussy, my warm wet tongue swirling around the soft skin between her pussy lips, telling her to grab her vibe, I want her cum, and cum hard like I did.

I grab another new toy - a speculum, rubbing lube over it, this is new to both of us so I'm talking with her, asking her to tell me how it feels as I slowly ease the speculum inside her, getting the right angle before it slips inside her open cunt, then slowly screwing it open, the same time she's pressing her vibe hard against her clit, I can feel her building to her orgasm which turns me on, still slowly screwing the speculum open, stretching her cunt open so I can see inside her pink hole, contracting and squeezing as the pleasure buildings, my hands stroking her thighs and hips, kissing the inside of her thighs, telling her how sexy she is, how dirty it is looking inside her stretched open fuck hole as she cums hard, moaning long and low, body shaking and shuddering as her pussy clenches, I keep kissing her, light licks over her clit, wanting her orgasm to last as long as it can until finally she's spent and breathing her. Loosening the speculum I ease it out, seeing her cunt gape open, letting me run my tongue around, inside and over her sensitive pussy, gentle pleasure to help her come down from her intense orgasm, oh so lightly sucking her clit and lips, doing this until she's recovered then coming up to kiss her, letting her tongue slide over my lips and tongue so she can taste her pussy juices.