 I have been blind since birth. They say that you can't miss something that you have never had, but I'm not sure that is true. With my limited capacity and enhanced senses I am a connoisseur of the female body. I love women in all their shapes and sizes. Unlike most men I do not know the difference between exceptional beauty and ugly until I touch them. Once I touch them with my very sensitive fingers I can tell. At least I can tell by my own set of standards for beauty. This makes life interesting, as there is more anticipation and fantasy about women that I meet.

There are some physical attributes that I can sense. For example I can usually determine her height if we are standing talking. By the tone and depth of her voice I can usually determine her general body shape or type. Once I touch them I can tell so much more, almost as much as a sighted person. Sometimes, just from touch of their skin I can tell their ethnic origin. You must admit that my method of discovery is more sensual and exciting the visual method. Needless to say the opportunity to discover some woman's body doesn't happen all that often, but when it does I thourghly enjoy it.

I am told that I am good looking, although I have no basis for comparison. I am told that I am tall (6'2"), medium build (195 lbs.), with an athletic frame. I work out daily to stay in shape. Unlike most blind people I some how managed to avoid picking up many of the blind mannerisms that most sight impaired individuals acquire. I think this may have added to my attractiveness. I get around well by myself and am very self-sufficient.

I am well educated with degrees in English literature and history. 

My parents died in a car wreck while I was in college and left me with a trust fund that allows me to live comfortably without working. I work primarily for the mental stimulation and social interaction.

My first sexual encounter occurred late in my life by most standards. I was 20 and in college working on my undergraduate degree. I was having some difficulty with a math course that I was taking. Difficulty hell, I was failing the damn course! It is slow for me to take notes, so I record most of the lectures. Needless to say I can't see the illustration that were presented on the board, so as a result I carried more in my head than most sighted people.

My professor asked me to come by her office to discuss my performance in her class. Sue Ellen Ryes was a pleasant woman I guessed about forty. Average height, Caucasian, from the Midwest. When I arrived at her office she led me to a chair and then took a seat at her desk and shuffled some folders. 

"Mr. Lewis, you seem to be having some difficulty with the material of this class. At the rate you are progressing you are not going to pass this class. What do you propose we do to correct this situation?" she asked.

"To say that I having trouble is a gross understatement. I'm just not getting it. I don't want to drop the class; I need the math credit. I think if I could get some tutoring I might make a passing grade by the end of the quarter." I replied.

"That might work. You have a lot of catching up to do to just get to an average level of performance. Not just any type of tutoring will get you there. I will have to be a tutor that understands your special needs. How hard are you willing to work to succeed here?" She inquired.

"I don't take a full load of 15 credits like most full time students. I take about 10 credits so that I have extra time to study. I have the time and I definitely have the desire, if I could get the right kind of help as you suggest I think that would help," I said.

"Ok, let me look into some tutoring for you. Come back here tomorrow afternoon and I'll see what kind of help I can find for you. See you tomorrow." And with that she dismissed me. 

That night and the next day I tried to be as optimistic as I could. I was eagerly looking forward to our meeting, both to find out what she had come up with for tutoring and to be in her presence again. The smell of her lilac perfume was deeply embedded in my memory. I wanted very much to know more of what she was like. 

I arrived at her office that afternoon and she admitted me and led me to the same chair facing her desk. As she led me to the chair, her touch was gentle and soft. I could tell by her feel that she was a kind and caring person, but not used to a lot of physical contact. The scent of her lilac fragrance filled my head with desire to know her more. 

" I wasn't able to find any suitable tutor. So, I have decided to take you on myself and see if we can't get you through this. My only concern is your willingness to apply yourself and work at it. Are you game for it?" She inquired.

Wow, this could be good. We set up a study schedule. I was to report to her office every day, Monday through Thursday, late afternoon for a two-hour tutoring session beginning that afternoon. She showed me where the study table and chair were and she took a seat beside me and we started. It was very slow going at first. I could tell that she didn't want to push me too hard. I concentrated and forged ahead. I was sometimes distracted slightly when she would lean into me and brush her arm or breast against my arm as she was helping me. Her breasts were of average size.  She didn't seem to notice that she had brushed it against me. Soon she was sitting very close to me with her thigh against mine. She felt firm and well toned. The two hours seemed to go quickly and I was making some progress. I still felt like I was in a fog with the material, but she reassured me that I was gaining some understanding. 

The next day I arrived and entered her office. She was not there. I took my seat at the study table and got out my materials in preparation. She came bustling in apologizing for being late. We started in immediately. She did not sit this time, but stood instead behind or beside my chair with one had on my shoulder. When she stood beside me she rested her hip and thigh against me arm and shoulder. I can't deny that I enjoyed her touch. I could actually feel her slip and panty hose under her skirt. Once or twice she actually brushed her breast against the back of my head as she leaned over to direct my hand to some point she was trying to make. The next few study sessions went pretty much like this one. She encouraged me, telling me that I was making progress. I could also tell that I was beginning to get it. As our study sessions progressed so did the physical closeness between us.  

I had a mid term coming up in her class the next week and without telling me exactly what was going to be on it she was attempting to prepare me for it. The special considerations that the college made to accommodate me was to have all my test materials printed in brail and provide a brail reader to grade them. Depending on the class I was sometimes given oral tests. This particular test was to be in brail. 

At the last study session before the midterm we did a review of the material. 

"I think that you are ready. You may even pass the mid term. I am impressed with your progress and your diligence." She told me.

"Thank you, I have some confidence, you may be right. I couldn't have gotten this far without your help. I do appreciate it." I thanked her.

"No more study sessions until after we get the midterm test results and we can see what we have to work on." She told me.

I took the midterm and felt good about it. I felt that I had passed it, but wasn't sure by how much. The next day they posted the grades and I got a "B". I couldn't believe it.  This was great. I couldn't wait until the weekend was over to meet my study guide and professor again and thank her. I decided to pick up a bouquet of flowers to express my appreciation.

I showed up at the office on Monday afternoon flowers in hand.

"Oh my, for me, oh thank you Matthew, that was very thoughtful." She exclaimed.

"I just wanted to show you my appreciation for your help. I got a "B", can you believe it. 

I heard her turn and shut the door and put the flowers on her desk. I sensed her approach me and put her arms around me a give me a hug and peck on the cheek.

"A "B", I'm so proud of you!" She exclaimed.

I could feel her firm breasts press into my chest and her mound against my thigh. She felt wonderful. She released me and we sat down to discuss what we need to do next for class. As I stood to leave she again hugged me and this time gave me a peck on the lips. I was caught completely off guard. I wasn't expecting that.

"I am so happy for you, I knew you would pass the test, but a "B" that's really great. And thank you for the flowers. That was very thoughtful of you and I do appreciate it. It's been a while since anyone has given me flowers. Thank you again for being so thoughtful." She told me.

I could feel the sincerity in her voice and knew that she really did appreciate my thought.

She walked me to the door and gave me one more hug before I left.

We resumed our study sessions for the rest of the quarter. I seemed to be catching on very well. I just needed some help getting some basics straightened out. I did notice that each time we met she seemed to be getting slightly more physical with me. I told you I could sense these things. She seemed to rub up against me more often and hold herself against me longer. She was becoming less inhibited. She was always resting her hand on my shoulder, back or neck. Her touch was tender and caring and I was enjoying it. One evening as she was standing next to me with her hand on the back of my neck and her hip glued to my side I slipped my are around her waist and held her close to my side. She continued with her explanation undaunted as though nothing unusual was happening. I knew that she was aware of what was happening, but was trying not to acknowledge it. 

As we spent more time together she became more physically intimate with me. She now gave me a hug and a quick kiss on the cheek each time we met and ended our study sessions. She usually stood next to me, my arm around her slim waist and her hip and thigh against my side. It was a closeness that we just seemed to naturally, mutually accept. 

As the final for the class approached she intensified her tutelage. 

"You are going to pass this class Matthew and you are going to do it well if I have anything to do with It." She told me.

Time for the final test arrived and she wished me luck. I took the test and felt good about my performance. Grades were posted and I got a "B". This was far better than I thought that I would do. I rushed over to the florist and bought a big bouquet of flowers to take to her. I went to her office. The door was locked and she was not there. I went to the department secretary's desk and asked if Ms. Reyes would be in this afternoon. The secretary told me that she had left for the day. She must have seen the disappointment on my face. She told me that Ms. Reyes only lived 6 blocks from campus and gave me directions as to how to get there. I walked over to her house, wondering if I was doing the right thing. I knocked on her front door and she opened it. 

"Matthew Lewis, What a pleasant surprise. Oh no, not flowers again, you dear young man, do come in." as she took my arm and guided me into her home. Once inside, she closed the door and led me to the kitchen. 

"I hope I'm not being too forward coming to your home, but I got a "B' on the final and just had to tell you and thank you. Please understand." I explained.

"No, no apology necessary, it's ok, in fact I'm glad you came here. The flowers are just lovely, oh, thank you Matthew!" she exclaimed.

And with that she embraced me in her arms and kissed me firmly on the lips. I put my arms around her and held her close to me as I returned her kiss. This was somewhat of an awkward moment for both of us. This was the point in time where our relationship was either going to the next level or would stagnate where it was. I was hoping for the next level, but didn't know how to get there.

As we kissed I felt her lips part and the tip of her tongue touched mine. Our kiss deepened and became more passionate. I could feel her breasts against my chest and her mound pressing lightly against my thigh. I let my hand slide up her waist to the outside of her breast. As I cupped the side of her breast I moved my thumb across it and felt her nipple through her clothing. Her nipple was prominently noticeable. I circled her nipple with my thumb as I caressed it. She did not object, but intensified our kiss.

She leaned back and spoke to me. "Matthew, you have taken and passed the final for my class and are no longer my student. You will receive your final grade. We no longer have a student teacher relationship."

I asked her, "Does that mean I am not going to be with you anymore?"

"Not necessarily, we won't be having our study sessions, but that doesn't mean that we can't still enjoy each others company. I feel strange being with you without the guise of tutoring. I'm over twenty years your senior and I'm not sure that you want to be with someone my age." She told me.

I didn't know what to say so I just pulled her close to me and held her tightly. The closeness of her body was turning me on and I was sprouting a very noticeable erection. It was pressed into her stomach and there was no way that she couldn't tell the effect that she was having on me. Her body was trim and fit. She had shapely curves in all the right places and my desire for her was growing by the second.

"Why don't we just play it by ear and see what happens. I want to continue our relationship if that's what you would like." I told her.

"I would like that, I would like that very much." Was her reply.

She released our embrace and turned to the sink to put the flowers in a vase.  I stood behind her with my hands on her hips. I moved close to her and pressed my hips and hard shaft into her backside. As my erect organ nestled between the cheeks of her ass, she pressed back into me. She talked to me as she did this. Not really saying anything in particular. When she had finished with the flowers she turned to me and put her hands on my chest as I encircled her waist with mine.  

"I'm very nervous about this. It's been a very long time since I've been with anyone. I married in college, but it only lasted five years before we divorced and I haven't been with anyone since. I want to be with you Matthew, but I don't want to disappoint you." She remarked.

"Your nervousness is nothing compared to mine. You see, the thing is I have never, well that is to say, I haven't, I've never done this before." Was my reply.

"You mean you're a virgin? Really? Good looking young men like yourself and you have never been with a woman? I find that hard to believe."

"It's true, I am ashamed to admit it, but it's true." I replied to her. "I want you, I desire you, I want to make love to you."

"Come with me," she said as she led me into the living room.

She unbuttoned and removed my shirt and ran her hands over my chest, arms and shoulders. "You are a handsome young man and I have been having difficulty keeping my hands off of you. I just want to touch your body all over." With that she placed tender kisses on my chest, neck and shoulders. 

I started unbuttoning her blouse and removing it. I could feel the lacy silkeness of her bra and the swell of her breasts inside it. I ran my hands over her back and shoulders and down her arms. I wanted to feel every inch of her. I wanted to know what she was like. I ran my hands over her face for the first time and felt her well-defined features. From my perception she was beautiful, very beautiful. I unclasp her bra with some difficulty and removed it. I hoped that I wasn't appearing to awkward. I cupped her breasts and felt her erect nipples. Her breasts were just over a hand full.  They were firm and sensual to my touch. Her nipples were well defined and stood out from her breasts like two hard bullets. 

She embraced me and pressed her breasts into my chest. The sensation felt wonderful. She loosened my belt and lowered my pants and Speedos releasing my hard throbbing organ. I stepped out of my shoes and clothes as she pressed me back onto the couch.  As she stood in front of me and I ran my hands and fingers over her delectable body I undid her skirt and slid it along with her slip to the floor.  I continued to explore her body. I ran my hands over her torso, her waist and to her hips. I felt the round softness of the cheeks of her ass and the slight protrusion of her abdomen down to her pubic mound. She had a patch of trimmed soft pubic hair that covered her mound. I ran my hands over her well-toned thighs and legs. She had an incredible body and I was thourghly enjoying tenderly touching it. She cooed and sighed with my every touch. She seemed to be enjoying it as much as I.

She pressed me back to a reclining position on the couch and reclined beside me. She took my hard member in her hand and gently stroked it. I felt as though I was going to explode any second. Her touch was incredible. 

I placed my fingers on her panty-covered mound and rubbed gently sliding my fingers down until I could feel her sex. Her lips were prominent and protruding. I could feel her wetness and heat through her soaked panties. I continued to tenderly rub her vagina as she cooed and signed with each touch. 

She leaned over and put her lips on the head of my hard shaft and kissed and tongued it. I wasn't sure how long I could hold off if she continued. She took me into her mouth and continued sucking. When she had completely engulfed my cock in he mouth I lost it and exploded without warning. She didn't back off, but instead sucked harder and deeper, swallowing every drop as I erupted in her throat.  When she had finished she hugged me tightly around the waist.

"That was wonderful, thank you." She whispered.

"Sorry I was so quick and without warning you." I told her.

"Not to worry, I liked it." With that she took my flaccid member in her hand and began stroking it. "Would you like to taste me?" 

My experience with women was very limited. I wanted to taste her, but wasn't sure what to do. She directed me to her pussy and as I approached it the aroma was intoxicating. I tentatively licked the lips of her pussy and she spread her legs and thrust her hips up to accept my adorations. I began gently licking and kissing her nether lips. 

"Suck on me, suck on me and slide your tongue in." she whispered.

I continued sucking and tonguing her pussy and as I did she pressed it more firmly into my face. I moved my attention up slightly until I felt her erect little clit with my tongue. The instant I touched it with my mouth she gasped and I backed off. She put her hand on the back of my head and held my face tightly in to her. I continued licking and sucking on her clit and labia as her level of arousal intensified. Her orgasm came with great force. Her vagina became very wet, covering my face with her cum. Her entire body tensed and shook as the climax peaked. 

She held my head tightly with her thighs and groaned loudly as she came. As wave after wave of her peak passed through her she pulled me up on top of her. She reached down and took my revitalized hard on in her hand and directed it to the opening of her vagina. She rubbed the head against her wet soft lips and slowly inserted the head of my cock between her labia.  As I slid into her tight slick love tunnel the sensations were incredible. It felt as though the inner walls of her pussy were grasping and pulling my member into her inner regions. I had never felt any thing like this before. I had never even imagined anything so incredibly good.  We began to move to each other and with each stroke I went in deeper and deeper. I can't even begin to describe how incredible it felt. We fucked for quite a long time. Matching each other stroke for stroke. She came first with even more ferocity than the first time and I followed close behind her. I erupted with more force than I believed possible even though I had already came only a little while before. Her orgasm was even more intense and I could feel her vaginal walls pulsating on my cock as I erupted deep inside her. We collapsed in almost complete exhaustion as we subsided. We lay there holding each other's sweat covered bodies as our conjoined excretions leaked from her pussy.  
