 Tracy walked through the side door of the warehouse and headed to the office. Michael met her halfway and guided her. Her heels echoed on the concrete floor. 

"Just you today?" she asked.

"Yes, finishing some paperwork and then I'm out of here," he answered. "Thanks for coming by to see me. I've wanted to ask you to for quite some time, but just didn't know when we could get our timing right to be alone."

Michael sat on the corner of the desk and pulled Tracy toward him. He brushed her hair from her green eyes and then kissed her lips gently. When she responded, he deepened the kiss and ran his hands down her back. His pushed her skirt up and pressed her against his lean body so she could feel the hardness of his cock between them.

Tracy giggled. "Not today, my friend. I've got something else in mind."

"You sure?" He stood up and turned her around facing the desk and bent her over. He roughly ground himself against her bottom. He slid his hands up her sweater, shoved her bra up out of the way then pinched and rubbed her nipples. "I could make it worth your while – and I know how good we feel."

"I'm sure you could, but I think you'll like this, too. Just enjoy, okay?" Tracy stood up and turned around. She quickly unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. "Take them off, " she ordered.

"Completely off? Not just down – what if someone walks in?"

"Then you'll have some explaining to do, won't you? Now off, please."

Michael pulled off his boots. His pants and boxer briefs joined them in a pile beside the desk. Tracy led him to the chair and pushed him back into it. She slid off her light scarf and used it as a makeshift blindfold.

He felt her kneel between his legs. She pushed his knees further apart. His cock gave a jump as she touched it. "Nice," she said. "No pussy for you today, but that doesn't mean I'm going to let this go to waste."

He moaned as he felt her warm breath. She licked the warm moisture from the tip then slid her mouth over his cockhead. Her fingers circled the base of his penis, pushing gently against his pubic bone and pulling the skin even tighter. She opened her jaw to take more of him in, and he felt the back of her throat as she stroked his cock with her mouth. Her other hand joined her mouth in the motion.

"Instructions, please," she purred. "Tell me how you like it."

He placed his hands in her hair and gently guided her pace. "Like this – only not so fast, I'll come too quickly."

"I like your hands in my hair like that," she said, "now tell me what else feels good."

"Oh, it's all good – just keep sucking it like that and moving your hand. I'm going to have to come soon, so be ready."

She gently fondled his balls and sac and tasted the change as his body began to tense. He felt her smile and then cool air as she moved his hands from her hair and lifted her head. He couldn't see what she was doing because of the blindfold. He groaned his frustration.

"Well, if that's all the instruction I'm going to get, I'm just going to have to figure it out for myself." As she took his massive erection back into her mouth, she pushed his knees even further apart. 

She licked her way down the underside of his cock, suckled the skin beneath and then moistened a fingertip in her mouth. He felt a delicate probing around his anus and instinctively drew back from the touch.

She moved her attention back to his cock, but didn't move the finger. She held a gentle pressure against the tight opening and when he began to move his body in rhythm with her bobbing head, she pressed harder. 

He felt the outer ring give way and the invasion of her fingertip, but was too near coming to protest. She worked the fingertip in and out of him as she sucked his cock. The sensation was alien and disconcerting at first, but he found himself enjoying it as she paired the fingering with what she was doing with his throbbing cock. 

He relaxed and her finger slipped in deeper. Soon it was easily sliding in and out. 

"Help me take you in. Hold my head for me, please. Push me down the way you want it."

Michael again guided her head over his cock. When he felt her relax her throat, he pushed down gently until he was helping her take more of it. She couldn't possibly deep-throat it all, especially not in this position, but he felt his head go past the back of her mouth and down into her throat. He wanted to watch – to see her working to take all of him she could – but the blindfold left him only to feel and hear what she was doing. 

The thought of how he must look blindfolded in the chair with her finger-fucking him while she sucked him off pushed him over the edge. 

He growled a warning to give her time to pull back, but she didn't take her mouth off of him, only backed off enough to allow herself to breathe.

His body tensed once again and this time Tracy didn't stop. As he came, she pulled her finger out of him. His cum was hot and salty in her mouth. She felt his body jerk and shudder with intensity. Not moving, she swallowed his seed and suckled the last drops from his cock. 

He felt and heard her rise and begin to straighten herself. "Stay here, I'll be right back."

Her heels sounded on the floor and he thought about the fact that she didn't even get undressed. He heard the restroom door open and water running, heard her washing her hands and -wait –was she brushing her teeth? -then the click of heels again.

She knelt down before him and he felt the warmth as she gently cleansed him, then cool air again. She stood and kissed him tenderly and removed the blindfold.

"I'm sorry – I hope you weren't too uncomfortable. I like it so much when you do that to me that I just wanted to give you a taste of what it feels like – wanted you to be able to enjoy it, too. And I know you would never come out and ask for it – even if it had crossed your mind."

Michael shook his head at her. "I'm just shocked, I guess. Kind of embarrassed but blown away at the same time."

He stood and dressed himself. She stood by in silence and wondered if she'd gone too far. 

"Thanks, I guess. Let me walk you out." He walked beside her to the outer door. 

"So I'll see you later this week, right?" he asked. "We've got that meeting on Friday."

"Uh, yes – I plan on being there. See you then." Tracy reached for the door.

Michael stopped her and encircled her in his arms. He kissed her and she melted against him. It was okay. What's a little experimenting between friends, right?

He released her from the embrace. He opened the door for her and she stepped outside, smiling. 

As he made his way back to his desk, he wondered if he'd made a mistake with this woman. Friend or not, he knew better than to get too involved - and she wasn't going to make that easy.