 The bed I'm lying on is soft, and I can hear her moving around. Behind the blindfold, it's hard to tell if my eyes are open or closed. It's tied tight, just like whatever she used to tie my wrists to the headboard, but I barely notice; I am completely focussed on trying to sense where she is, what she's doing...

[Eventually, she opens the door. The first thing I notice is her dressing gown, which annoys me a little as she was supposed to be ready to leave by now. Then I see the gown is open just enough so I can see what she's (barely) wearing underneath. Then, as I notice the dark lipstick and move to kiss her, she places her palm on my chest and raises a finger to my lips. I begin to say something but her eyes shut me up. She pulls me inside and shuts the door. I try to kiss her again, but it's not happening. She takes my hand and leads me up the darkened stairway to her room. She stops me when we reach her door and reaches into one of the pockets. It's so dark I barely see the blindfold before she removes my glasses and ties the fabric around my head. I hear the door opening and we move into the room...]

A lighter flicks three times, and a few moments later I can smell- it's incense, but it's a different scent to the one she usually uses. Less sweet. Still nice though. I feel a soft breeze from the window roll over my chest, but as the room is fairly warm, it's more welcoming than anything. Eventually I hear her move closer to the bed. I can just about sense that she's leaning in towards me, then I almost flinch as I feel her tongue move lightly over my lips. I motion to kiss her, arms straining against whatever she used to tie them to the frame... 

It's then that the first drop of wax lands on my chest, as I realise it wasn't incense. The pain isn't too bad, but this time I definitely flinch. Squirming against the restraints, fists clenched a little, I hear her giggle. Another drop lands a little further down my chest. At first, the way it stings causes me to suck in air through my teeth almost every time it happens. Again she places her palm on my chest; this time to lightly brush off the wax to prevent it from hardening, which provokes the opposite reaction from me. She's leaning in close and I can smell her body as my blood begins to rush and the pain becomes less noticeable, less important. It's hard not to try to break free and take her right now, but I figure there's time for that later, and I don't want to miss what happens in between. Anyway, what she's doing feels amazing. The drops of wax move downwards, over my stomach and towards the waistband of my boxers. Just before the drops begin to land in more sensitive territory, they stop. I briefly smell ash as I hear her place the snuffed candle on the bedside table. 

She continues to softly rub her palms and fingertips over my tensed stomach and waist, then the tops of my legs. I can't see, but I'm certain that, if it wasn't for my underwear, my dick would be standing straight up. I'm so hard it almost hurts, and the fact she keeps moving away her hands before she reaches it is killing me. As if hearing my thoughts, she gets up and walks around the bed. Suddenly my last item of clothing is removed, and I swear I can actually hear her grin. Another few seconds go by before I feel her boobs, almost too soft and warm, brushing against my face. She begins to push them a little harder as my tongue flicks around and over her already-hard nipples. I occasionally, very gently, bring my teeth down on them and suck; at this she starts breathing heavier, as she runs her fingertips up, down and around the length of my cock, every touch from her causing it to twitch, as my arms strain at the ties...

She gets up on the bed. I still can't see, but from how I think she's positioned herself, as well as from the new-but-familiar scent (few things are as big a turn-on as when you can smell how excited she is), I'm guessing she wants to use my tongue, a guess she then affirms when she pushes herself onto my face. I don't thrust my tongue inside her at first; I trace it around the edges of her opening, using the fact that she is dripping wet to facilitate the delicacy of my tongues' movement. She's making the sexiest sounds, and starts to push herself onto me with greater force. My tongue finally slides inside her; she gasps, sits a little more comfortably, and finally takes my by-now-severely-throbbing cock in her hand, keeping her movements slow, every now and then squeezing the tip. 

After a time, I begin to use the flat of my tongue to circle around her swollen clit, more forcefully but keeping a slow, steady speed. This makes her get louder, as, from the way she tastes and the fact that everything just became much wetter, she's getting ready to come. My tongue slows its pace, and, as if in response, I hear her spit on my dick. Then she wraps her lips around the head and gently sucks. Then she starts moving her head up and down in sync with her hand, and it's all I can do to stop myself from thrusting into her throat. For a couple of minutes the only sounds come from our mouths, wet sounds and moans and heavy breathing. My hips force myself into her mouth as I lap at her, and I can feel her excitement running down my face. As if sensing that I'm nearly there, she gives my dick a final squeeze with her mouth and climbs off me. I hear the door open and close...

I shout for her to come back, but I already hear her walking down the stairs. I'm almost angry, but mostly I just need her back here. My body aches, especially my arms. I'm less hard now, as I can't even finish myself off. I try to get comfortable...

I'm awoken to the feel of her mouth and hands sliding up and down around me and this time I can't stop myself as I force my way into her mouth, which she doesn't mind and uses her hands more, keeping her tongue out as she sometimes lets her spit drip on my dick to keep it slick, and then keeping one hand wrapped around me, she removes my blindfold. My eyes don't take long to adjust to the low-lit room. My mouth literally starts to water as I see her, the candlelight accentuating what little she's wearing, and I don't think I've ever been harder. She lets go of me, slides off her underwear and then sits atop me, gripping me and rubbing her clit with my cock, and then, ever so slowly, pushes herself down on me... 

Moving up and down, she releases one of my arms, then the other, and I can't stop grabbing her body and running my hands over it as she moves faster and faster and I slap her ass and pull her face down and force my tongue into her mouth which she does back to me and nothing exists except my mouth and my hands and my dick and sweat is running down both of us, making the bedsheets wet and I push her down so I'm on top and I hold her wrists and push myself into her slowly and deep and she's making the most amazing sounds, and the her body twisting underneath me is gorgeous, glistening in the low light as she moves and digs her nails into my back, and when she can feel I'm about to come she pushes me on my back and takes my cock in her mouth and I explode into her and she keeps sucking for a while and sliding her hands up and down, I barely exist for a minute or two, nothing exists but the feeling pulsing its way from the tip of my cock to the rest of me...

After I regain feeling, I throw her on her back again, lick my fingers and push them inside her; she starts to move around again, sighing, then gasping, then swearing as I lick at her clit, doing that circling motion again but much faster this time and she's forcing herself onto me and I'm moving my fingers quickly in and out of her and my face is so wet as she comes, quickly, and loudly, then she grabs my head, pulls me up to her and we kiss, long, and slow, for the next few minutes. Her back is to my front. My arms are around her. We drift off to a deep sleep, the sweat cooling on our bodies...