 Blindfolded. The air in the room creating goose bumps to dance across my skin. The sound of my breathing amplified in the silence. I can feel you watching me. My hands bound behind me with strips of silk you wound around my wrists and halfway up my arms.

My senses escalate as time passes in silence. I hear you move toward me and tilt my head in your direction. You are so close I can smell you now, feel the heat from your body.

I feel your fingers run down the side of my face. I turn my head toward your touch. You weave your fingers through my hair, tightening your grip just enough to make me gasp. You press your cock against my lips, pushing yourself into my mouth and throat. I suck and lick greedily as you guide my mouth up and down.

I strain against the silk strips while I work my lips and tongue against you, feeling your fingers tighten in my hair. I moan softly and I feel your free hand trail down my neck and shoulder to pinch my nipple, then again a little harder, pulling it until I moan around your cock.

You pull me away from your cock and I gasp as you kiss me hard and push me slowly back on the bed. Lying on my arms, I pull my legs up onto the bed. You lean over me and pull the blindfold off. I watch you slowly nip and lick over my body, over my nipples, my sides, my belly. I am so wet and excited I am shaking as I feel your finger brush over my clit and enter me. My hips push against your hand.

You lean forward and I feel your breath against me. I feel your tongue tasting me, licking my lips over and over, occasionally lightly scraping your teeth over my clit, and making me jump and moan. You slide one, two, and then three fingers inside me as you tongue my clit. I squirm and buck getting closer and closer to exploding.

Then you move away from me, and reaching down you pull me up to sit, then stand. You untie my arms, only to move them to the front of my body and tying them together once again and pulling me forward back onto the bed, onto my knees, and down tying my wrists to the lower part of the headboard.

My knees spread wide; I am completely exposed to you. I feel your hand against my ass, stroking down between my thighs. Slap! I squeak as your hand connects with my ass en force. slap! and again. One side, then the other you start a rhythm against my ass as I squirm. Suddenly you dip your fingers into my pussy... 

"I know you like this, you are soaking wet... I wonder if you would like it elsewhere." You say as you are exploring my pussy. You then remove your fingers and stroke my ass. Then slap against my clit. I scream into the pillow and slap again. I whimper and beg but at the same time open my legs further for you, my body begging for more... 

My pussy is on fire as I dread and ache for your next touch. I feel you press something hard and cold close against my clit, positioning it so it will stay in place on its own.

"Move forward on your elbows, then do not move again," You instruct and you move around and straddle my forearms, placing your cock right at the level of my mouth. You reach down and once again weave your fingers in my hair and pulling tight, making me gasp. When my mouth opens, you push your cock deep into my throat.

"You wanted to get fucked, but you did not specify where, dear," You say as you press deeper into my mouth. I feel your balls lightly brush my chin as you start to pull out, only partially, to thrust back in again. You begin a rhythm of fucking my mouth, nearly gagging me as you speed up and slow down.

I am focused on alternately breathing and taking your cock in my mouth so I don't see you grab a little controller that you placed beside me. I close my eyes as you press harder against me, gagging me with your cock, your balls pressed against my chin. Then you press the switch and turn up the tiny vibrator that you placed on my clit. As the vibrations hit my already sensitized skin, my eyes open wide and I inhale deeply around your cock. I try to look up at your face, but you begin a rhythm of turning the vibrations up and down with each stoke in my mouth.

You begin to move faster, tightening your fingers still more in my hair, pressing me to you. You have left the vibrator on and the assault on my clit has me trembling all over. I whimper and halfway struggle against the bonds and your hand in my hair.

Suddenly you tense and let go of my hair, pulling back you remove your cock from my mouth. You move from in front of me and lean over, asking, "What do you want? Tell me."

I whimper, gasping, "Please, please..."

"Please what? What do you want? What do you need?" You turn the vibrator up higher, making my cry out.

"Please fuck me. I need you..." I begin to struggle against the bonds that restrain my wrists.

You lean over, turning my face to yours, you whisper gently, "But I have been... I have been fucking you right here..." And very gently you place an almost chaste kiss on my lips.

Growling low in my throat, I force the words, "Not there, please... fuck... my pussy," Breaking down into a whimper, "I need you so much."

Moving your fingers down my side lightly to where I need you to be so badly, you push one finger into me, "There? Oh, you are soaking, aren't you?" You slip a second finger in as I push back against you. With your thumb you wriggle the vibrator against my clit, all along playing with the speed and intensity.

"Well, since you asked so nicely..." You move your fingers away to position yourself behind me. You remove the vibrator and ever so slowly slide your cock up and down my slit. I try to push you into me but you move back when I do. "Patience, dear, patience..." You tell me.

"Oh please now," I beg you.

You slide your cock up and down my slit once more and then slowly sink into my pussy. I shiver with the instinctive need to press against you and the fear that you will pull away if I move at all. I feel my inner muscles clamp around you as you push deep into me.

"You like that, dear?" You ask blithely, "Tell me how you like that. Tell me what you want... what you need," you demand as you dig your fingers into my hips, pulling me tight against you.

"Yea... yes... I... like... ," I gasp out between whimpers, "Please... Sir... please... I need..."

Slap your hand strikes my hip and you bend over against my back, reaching around and pinching my nipples. You bite my back as you pull back and thrust hard into me, hard enough that I cry out.

"Tell me." you demand as I gasp and try to catch my breath.

Slap harder this time against my hip. I cry out and shiver. Your nails scrape down my back.

"Tell me. What do you need?" You demand my answer, not moving inside me.

"I... I... need you. I need you to fuck my pussy hard, to make me explode... to feel you cum inside me. Please!" I blurt out all at once and then trail off into a repeating whimper, "please... please... please... please..."

You chuckle softly, running your hands down my back to my hips and whisper softly, "As you desire, dear." And you begin to pull almost all the way out, only to slam hard and deep into me, then again and again, creating a driving hard rhythm against and into my body.

Sensing that I can now let go, I press back against you as far as the bonds allow meeting you thrust for thrust. Fucking hard you reach down and pinch my clit. I cry out and you laugh softly, "Can't... let... you... go... forgetting... who... is... boss, can... I?"

I smile and deliberately clench my muscles around your cock hard enough that you gasp. "No Sir. I... won't... forget." I reply as I feel my body getting close... close... 

"I'm going... going... to..." I gasp.

"I know... I know... I want you to cum... I'm... close... too. Cum... for... me. I want... to feel... you cum... around me... Now..." You grunt as you hear me cry out and feel my muscles spastically contract around your cock over and over again.

"Oh yesssss..." You moan as you start to fuck me harder and faster, reaching for your own climax as I shiver with each thrust. You suddenly tense and your fingers dig into my hips as I feel your cock twitch inside me. I feel your cum fill me and for a few minutes we are both still, beyond the aftershocks our nerves send through our bodies.

You slowly pull away, move around and untie the silk bonds that held me. I roll over and look up at you and you lean over and kiss me hard and deep. Smiling, you crawl into the bed with me and wrap your body around mine protectively, possessively...