 Now I have been on vacation before but I have always gone with the man in my life. We had the most spectacular vacation scheduled. One like we have never had before. As time drew near his office called and he was told that his help was desperately needed. He felt he must stay to help out with where the problems had developed. I was devastated but he felt I should go and not waste both the reservations that were made. I just couldn’t go without him but after a lot of persuasion, he convinced me I should go. 

So I packed my luggage and when the day came he drove me down to the Airport in Philadelphia. We were somewhat early that we would have time to say our good-byes unrushed. The call came out to board the plane, we kissed our farewell kisses and I was off. 

A few stops and fourteen hours later and now on my third plane all that were going landed on the most beautiful Pacific island I had ever seen. It was more a private island that allowed a few visitors to it each year. The sand was so white it was almost blinding in the sun. No clouds just the bluest sky that seemed to go on forever. To describe the ocean could not do it justice. Rolling waves that broke close to shore along a coastline that curved in then out. I had never seen such a place even in the movies. Oh how I wished he were there with me! 

As I walked to my room made to look like an island hut, I was both in awe of the beauty and so saddened I was there alone. We had scheduled ten days to be on this island paradise and now all I was feeling were tears building behind my eyes. I opened the door of my island home, sat down my luggage by the door that I may look around. My attention was drawn to the bed, where I saw lain out, a choker, thong, balconette and blindfold. All were pure white and delicately lacy. Beside them was a note. “I’m sorry I can’t be with you but wear these knowing I love you and am thinking of you.” How could these be here before me? Did he know he couldn’t come with me long before I was led to believe he couldn’t? Is he really here and a game is being played? So many questions went through my mind. I had to know!!

It took a while but I did find the attendant that caters to the guests on this little island. When I asked him when a package might have come to my room, all he knew was there was supply plane that arrived at the island and hour before the passenger plane and that packages were delivered to different rooms before the passengers arrived. Well that satisfied me since he did know a few days before we were scheduled to leave that he couldn’t go and he could have been able to make the arrangements for the intimate apparel to arrive before me. So I went back to my room, unpacked, and thought I would take a nap for an hour or so. I wasn’t tired just disappointed.

I awoke an hour and a half later feeling somewhat refreshed, showered, put on a short cotton summer dress and decided to walk along the beach. Well that lasted only a half an hour since I felt saddened again and went back to my room. However, this time when I returned there was a note on my door, saying – “Go in, put on the blindfold and stand in the middle of the room.” I looked around!!! Who could have written this or have known of what was laying on the bed? But I also felt tingles through my body with the intrigue, so I obediently did as the note said. I did not take off my cotton dress, since the note said nothing about undressing, I just put on the blindfold and stood in the middle of the room.

I really don’t know how long I stood there. It really wasn’t that long…..I guess, but it did feel longer than what it really was. Finally, I heard my room door open and footsteps walk toward me. Even though he didn’t speak, I knew it was a man from the cologne that he was wearing. I started to say, “Who are…..” but he put a finger over my lips and heard him whisper out, “Shhhh” He then laid both his hands on my shoulders, brushed them down my arms and with that movement my cotton dress was on the floor at my feet. I gasped with surprise!! 

Next I felt him lifting one leg then the other slipping on the thong that had been laying on the bed. Sliding it over my shaved pussy, getting it adjusted just the way he wanted it, the next article was the balconette. Slipping my arms through the straps, fitting the partial cups under my D sized breasts and fastening it behind me. He ran his hands over my back to my shoulder blades, onto my shoulders and then down the front of me to my full breasts. Caressing them, lightly pinching my nipples, his hot breath on my neck as he stood behind me. I felt my long brown hair brushing against his chest when he then bent his head down to kiss the side of my neck. 

Oh how I wanted to know who this man was but on the other hand……I didn’t either! What I felt next was the choker being slipped down over my head to my neck and when I started to pull my hair out from under it, he grabbed my hands and put them back down to my sides. He then pulled out my hair from it’s entrapment under the choker. 

He whispered in my ear very softly, “You may move, when I say you may.”

He began to kiss my lips, my cheek, my neck, my breasts. I could feel his tongue circling around my nipples, over the fullness of my breasts and then to suck on my nipples giving me such chills coursing all through me. Oh my God could I feel myself becoming so wet without him ever touching my pussy! 

When I thought we would be getting into more intimate passions between us, he stopped and the next thing I felt was him taking my hand and placing it on his shoulder. What did he have in mind??

He led me to the door of my room, opened it and guided me out into the evening air. With my hand still on his shoulder, he said in a voice barely more than a whisper, “Keep your hand on my shoulder and follow me.” So there I was in my attire for all to see, with blindfold, following…….WHO! 

I should have felt some wariness, doubt, fear even but somehow I knew everything was all right and I was safe to do as he wanted of me. So off we went, walking along what sounded like a type of bamboo sidewalk and sounds echoing back that we were walking close to other hut type rooms. Every so often some one would say hello to him and I could hear ever so softly him talking to the other guests but they all made sure I couldn’t hear exactly what was being said. 

We walked on, down a path to the beach. The sand was still warm from the day’s sun and felt so soft around my feet. After a few feet he stopped me and took my hand from his shoulder to place it down by my side.

“Stay there.” He whispered. So I stood.

After only a few minutes I felt him spread my legs apart and slip my thong down part way. OHH! I then felt his tongue sliding over my labia, making circles, sliding up and down my pussy, circling the hood around my clitoris and every so often tickling his tongue to my clit. Spreading my legs a bit further apart, he was able to go back farther licking between my pussy to my anal opening. Just up and back he would go and I was trembling, the more he licked and sucked the harder the tremors I had. Just on and on he would lick, suck on my clit and would penetrate his tongue inside me as I got closer and closer to having him taste the juices that were gathering. 

Feeling me trembling, shaking, he said, “Let me taste you now.” Oh God how I exploded! Licking up, swallowing everything I gave him. AAAHHHH how I was shaking!!!!!!

As I started to calm just a bit, he said to me, “You’ll have more for me, won’t you?!” Quivering I replied, “I have a feeling with what you have in mind, I may have a lot more.”

As I was calming completely, he had pulled my thong back up in place, returned my hand to his shoulder and we continued walking. I heard the waves crashing on the shoreline but we weren’t close enough to get our feet wet and I could hear the seagulls. Every so often again I could hear people and they would call hello to him. BUT with what had happened and was happening to me, I felt I was in my own little world. I was still very wet from my orgasm earlier and the arousal of what was happening at the time, it was keeping me very wet. 

Walking just a bit further, I heard what sounded like water against rocks and ………was it… a cave? We entered and that is when he took off my blindfold, but for all the good it did, I still couldn’t see. It was very dark plus my eyes were not adjusted to the night. We walked on with still my hand on his shoulder and came out the other side to a small clearing that had a wood landing and what was a floor level futon mattress. The thick trees all around still did not let me see whom I was with. I just had this shadowed male body with me filling me with such sensual emotions.

Guiding me to the futon type mattress, he lain me face down. Massaging my back, he sat over me with his legs bent at my sides. His ass was just over mine and I could feel his cock at the small of my back. He began thrusting and circling movements with one hand still massaging me. I started to reach back to feel him when he grabbed my hands, leaned forward and in my ear firmly said, “NO!”

“I haven’t told you, you may move!” So after stretching my arms in front my head again, he went back to massaging my back and dancing his cock at the base of my spine. 

Whispering softly, telling me how he would make me scream with excitement, how my pussy juices would flow from me in waves, just on and on, I was already feeling myself getting ready to cum from that alone. 

As he slid back farther letting his cock ride down between the crack of my cheeks, slowly probing as he moved, he was now far enough back over my legs he could now raise my ass higher. Getting between my legs and spreading them more, his lips met my pussy and his tongue slowly probed the opening. I felt his face buried in between my legs, his tongue tantalizing me, nibbling at my clit, traveling to the opening of my ass, licking at me. His tongue so VERY WARM, SO WET making me squirm with each passing of his tongue over my pleasure zone. Licking me, running his tongue back and forth between my ass and pussy openings. Taking my clit gently in his teeth, nibbling, sucking! Oh my God! I couldn’t contain myself!!! 

“Please May I Cum?!!” Begging, squirming and shaking, whether he said yes or no, it was going to happen for I had lost all control. And He Knew!

“YES! Cum for me.”

And I DID! As he told how it would be, screaming in excitement with an orgasm that came in a tidal wave! Oh God, Who IS he?! Head spinning, chills overtaking me, mind floating……Oh I don’t care who he is…..

Now while I’m still riding the wave of passion, he slipped his cock deep inside my cunt and again I let out with a scream! I couldn’t believe how he felt inside me! His cock with it’s length and girth touched me where I never thought possible. Or was it just the excitement of the moment? OH I DON’T CARE……IT’S WONDERFUL!!!!

Pumping me harder and deeper, moving inside me, as I am riding to meet his movements. I realize he didn’t tell me I could move AND he sensed that, when he said, “Yes Baby, you may move.”

Moving together in harmony, he was beginning to feel his climax as little spurts of cum were starting to flow from him inside me, but before he could climax to his completion, he pulled out of me and slid his cock so easily into my ass and I screamed again.

My God……oh my God! How he felt inside me! I orgasmed instantly.

Thrusting deep inside me while my mind continued to soar, his moans became deeper, louder and……oh YES he too was ready!

His Moans becoming louder and his breathing quickening as I am gasping for air, writhing in sync with his movements……OH YESSSSSSS

CUMMING!!!! BOTH, YES….CUMMINNGGGGG

We’re joined as one, our bodies frozen in time, our souls meet and nothing else in the world matters. 

We collapsed together, me still face down, he to the side of me with his arm over my back as we laid there catching our breath. It was incredible!

I was exhausted, as I thought he should be but I felt him raising me and while I was in a complete dream state, it seemed mere moments and I was back in my room, laying on my bed. Oh sleep, yes…..sleep.

When I awoke, I couldn’t believe how wonderful I felt and there was a note beside me. “You’re not alone. I know I have touched you. If you want me again, leave a note on your door saying so.”

I showered, dressed for the marvelous day ahead of me and before I left my little cottage, I taped a note on the outside of my door saying, “YES!"