 As you step off the plane and take a look around, you notice the silent humid air which now has engulfed your body. The tall palm tree and the smell of tropical flowers in bloom. Over your shoulder you see the beautiful Pacific Ocean, small waves caressing the shoreline.

As you descend from the stairs onto the tarmac, you see an island beauty standing at the bottom of the stairs. As your long sexy legs step down the last step, she approaches you and lifts a flowered lei over your head and greets you with a whisper, 'Aloha Maria, welcome to Paula's Island' as she kisses your cheek and walks away.

As you follow the subtle sway of her hips as she walks towards a gate, you look past her and see me standing there. Smiling with my sunglasses on you start walking to me. As you approach the gate, it swings open as we embrace each other exchanging 'alohas' and each giving the other a kiss.

I take your hand and lead you to the baggage area. As the bags are being unloaded I ask about your flight. You mention it was beautiful as I eye your long lithe body in your short shorts, t-shirt and heels. Your legs are as long as I imagined them being.


I ask about your bags and as you describe the to me I pluck them off the conveyor belt one by one. Having only packed 2 bags, I turn and inquire that it took you 2 bags to pack all your bikini's? We both giggle as you go to grab both bags but I stop you. I motion with my hand as a burly looking guy in a suit walks over and grabs the bags from the floor and leads us to the waiting limousine.

Once the bags are in the trunk, he opens the door. I slip my ass inside and lifting one leg slowly followed by the other, my short skirt rises up and you soon realize that I flashed you my smooth inner thighs and my thongless crotch. Stunned, I pat the seat next to me for you to sit down.

As the driver closes the door behind you, he takes the drivers seat and away we go. As we cruise out of the lanes, I offer you a glass of champagne. I reach for the short bar located on the opposite side of the car as once again my skirt rises up now sitting high on my upper thigh.

Already knowing that I have nothing on underneath, you can find yourself gazing at my openness. I peek back and see where your eyes are looking as I reach just bit further away allowing my skirt to rise even higher. Exposing the roundness of my ass as I shift my weight from one side to the other.

Reaching the bottle, I make up an excuse that the ice bucket is stuck and moving to my hands and knees which pulls my skirt way up as I am now subjecting you to views that only a handful of others have seen personally.

Little do you realize at the time that there is no need for ice for champagne but you find yourself lost in the display of my wares and don't even have a thought as to what the excuse is.

I play with the handle for as long as I want, knowing I'm seducing you into a very warm environment my way. I move and push forward, then back then to the side as if the handle is securely stuck. This gives you such views of my ass and smooth folds tucked just between my thighs, as if my tongue were sticking out at you from underneath.

I finally feel that this has been a sufficient amount of time and return to my seat. Not worrying about what or where my skirt is. As I lean back into the seat, I part my legs giving you an explicit shot of my hairless mound and the soft glistening lips bound together.

I hand you a glass and as I offer up a toast, your eyes are locked on mine. I toast to us, a fabulous time on the island and for pleasures to come. We touch glasses and sip. I hold my glass in my lap with my left hand and place my right hand on my upper exposed thigh.

Sitting there talking to you as if I didn't have a care in the world. Your eyes however, glancing up and down my body, if only I could read what your mind was thinking at the time. I mention something about it being very warm in the car and flip the air conditioning on. While the cool air is beginning to blow through the vents I begin to unbutton my blouse.

Looking over at you in your already flushed state, I ask that I hope you don't mind me getting comfortable as I undo all the buttons of my blouse and pull the sides of the material from around me.

Here I sit just across from you, heels on the floor thighs slightly parted, skirt hiked up high with the front of the blouse just barely covering my 36D's. As I follow your eyes, I can tell you're enjoying the view. But the best is yet to come I say to myself.

Looking out the windows, I start describing the names of the places that were passing. All the while though, I can feel your eyes on me, drinking me in. Watching the flushed look on your face. I see you're beginning to get turned on by looking at me. Good.

As we talk some more, I slowly bring my right hand to my exposed mound. I begin caressing myself but not breaking stride in talking to you. Wanting it to be more of an impulsive gesture of my hand rubbing myself than it being deliberate.

My fingertips teasing my lips, moving over the nub of my clit.. running down along the inner folds, parting my slit and slowly guiding my finger to my clit before moving it back down to my entrance. Never taking my eyes off of you as we talk, or as I should say, I talk. You listen contentedly except for the occasional glance at what my fingers are doing then.

I watch as your breathing becomes deeper, the tautness of your t-shirt difficult in hiding the growing nipples underneath. The outline of your piercings showing thru the thin fabric. I continue rubbing myself and slowly part my thighs even wider for you.


I excuse myself to you but tell you that I have to take care of this pang within myself as the thought of sitting across from you is way too much to not to touch myself. I tell you to bear with me as I really go to town on myself.

Pushing 2 fingers up into my sex, rubbing my clit with my other hand as I stare into your eyes. My nipples so hard, I pull off my blouse so that you can see how hard they are. My hands and fingers are stroking my smooth mound, teasing the hard nub lying under the hood. Moving my fingertips over and around the stiff nub as you watch me, watching all of me.

My eyes are locked on you now Maria, rubbing and pumping myself. I lick my lips at you just as you reach across and take my hard left nipple between your fingers. You gently pinch them together but release it before you feel you would hurt me. I tell you to pinch them as hard as you desire as you reach out once more. Pinching the nubs harder this time as a moan escapes.

I continue to pinch and pull my nipples until I tell you I'm about to cum, you give my nipple one last hard and rough pull and pinch and my orgasm goes screaming out of me. I'm moaning so loud, as I finger fuck myself. My sex is on fire as I imagine my lips on yours. Oh my goodness, that felt so sexy, so good to have you watch me pleasure myself on your behalf.

As my orgasm seems to subside. I ask you if you liked what you just watched. You say you did indeed and that you were now very turned on.

I slide down to the floor and move to you, unbuttoning your shorts I pull them down your sexy legs. Tossing them to the side I admire the long sexy legs before me. Kissing your knees and running my tongue along the back of your legs.

I move to your abdomen and kiss my way around your red thong. Using my fingers I push it aside and begin kissing the swell of your pubic mound. I run my hand over your calves, to your ankles and run a finger on the outside of your high heeled sandals teasing your foot. Bringing my hand back up along the back of your leg, I reach in and dip a finger into your wetness.

I low moan peeps out as I reach in further. Slowly withdrawing my finger from inside your body I replace the digit with my tongue. I begin to lick the moist slit up and down. Parting the lips and teasing the clitoris lying within my reach. Darting the tip of my tongue across it, I feel your body move as if to want to swallow my face.

Placing my hands on your hips, I proceed to slowly pump you with my tongue. Reaching in deeper with each thrust, slowing the removal before pushing it right back in. Feeling the wetness upon my tongue and chin, I absorb as much as I can into my pores.

Clamping my mouth over your mound, I gently suck at the folds while moving my tongue between the sweet lips. Coaxing more and more of your sugary sweet wetness in my hungry mouth. Licking as if in a feeding frenzy your moans echo within the confines of the limousine.

As I tongue, lick and stab at your hard clit your hands begin cupping and caressing your breasts under your t-shirt. Pushing them together and roughly pinching the hard nipples peeking out through the thin material. Watching your hands on yourself turns me on very much.

My licking becoming more forceful now as I want to feel your orgasm escape from your body. Tonguing and sucking the nub, darting my tongue in and out of your entrance, your legs begin to flex, your long back arching pushing your sex into my mouth. My ministrations reaching the depths of your body as you feel the first of many orgasms about to rock you.

Your sexy legs lift from the floor as your toes begin to point outward, the muscles in your lean legs flexing with each lick. Your breathing turning deep and controlled. Your nipples so hard they could cut glass. All the while my tongue is still making love to you.

With a mightily moan, all muscles flex and contract at one time. Your sounds filling the space, sexy moans abound. You reach down and pull my face deeper into your sex, my tongue trying to keep up with your orgasm as I lick faster. Pumping your tight entrance deeper and I share the moment with my lips as well. Curling over your clit and massaging them between my lips.

The scent of sex fills the car. You fall back into your leather seat, breathing rough and deep. Your body releasing the built up moisture as it runs out from your entrance and down between your thighs. Pooling under you on the shiny leather seats. I kiss your clit one more time and move up your body.

Once with you, side by side I kiss the sides of your precious face.. taking your hands in mine I lift them up over your head. Doing as I please with you in your exhausted state for now. As I lift your wrists above your head, you feel the coldness of metal touching your wrists. Before you know it, there is sound of metal clasping together. I have just handcuffed your wrists to the top of the door.

Moving down, I take each ankle into my hand and clamp the right foot followed by the left foot. I begin to remove or cut away at your clothes telling you to trust me as I would never hurt you as this is all for pure pleasure.

I pick up the phone inside the car and order the driver to go to the Ka'ana pa'li Shores to pickup a couple friends. On the way there I let you enjoy the views of the mountains but as we reach closer to the city limits of Lahaina I take a scarf out of the side pocket of the door and wrap it around your eyes tying it off.

I begin to tease your nipples as we continue driving but you can feel the car slowing down. I whisper to you to stay right there as I go get my friends to join us. I kiss your soft lips then you feel movement then the door opening then closing. Al you hear is silence, except for the beat of your own heart wondering who I was bringing back to the car.

Before long, the door opens up and you hear a soft voice say, oh my look at the beautiful Maria. She looks so natural tied up like that, just like in her photos. All you hear is the one soft voice. But you hear two doors close before the car starts to drive.

As the car takes off for wherever, the whisper is now in your ear. She says ‘hi Maria, we’re going to have some fun now as this is your Joy Toy. I then lick your ear as you sit there tied up with nowhere to go.

As you can only do as she said, you feel a pair of soft lips begin to suckle at your breasts, taking the pierced nipple in her mouth and the warmth of her tongue playing around them. She sucks then pulls on them with her teeth.

While your nipples are being teased and sucked on, you feel slender fingers running over your tight abs and downwards to your smooth mound. Already wet from the earlier play with Paula, I tease the outline of your soft lips and softly take them between my fingers and pull them.

I tell you to part your thighs wider for me and as you take instruction well, your movement is limited by the restraints holding your ankles in place. I make do with I have as I kneel before you. You hear Paula’s voice from across the bench seats telling me to give you a thorough licking. I answer with a ‘yes Ma’am’ as I am now in place to do just that. Moving my hands up your smooth legs I bring them together at the entrance of your wet slit. Gently positioning my fingers at your wet lips I pull them apart. Moving in closer I touch the left lip with my tongue and slide it up the length. Moving to the right lip I do the same.

Targeting the wet inner lips now I move my tongue between the folds. Slipping inside you, tasting your wetness as I push my tongue as deep as I can I slowly hold your lips open as I lick. Repeating this once more then several more times. I can feel your body trembling as I press my face along your inner thighs.

I reposition myself as my tongue dives back into your sweet pussy. Filling it with my tongue as I want you to cum for me. Licking, sucking and teasing the outer lips while moving over your hard clit. I slide a finger inside your tight entrance and begin a slow pumping motion.

Watching my finger retract wet with your juices coating it, I continue to pump adding another finger so that your lips are parted to accommodate. I move inside deeper, moving my fingers together inside your wet folds bringing your moans to the surface.

I start darting my tongue over your clit as I pump your sweet delicious pussy drawing your wetness from deep inside. Your moans wailing out, suddenly you feel lips take hold of your hard nipples once more. Only these lips are not soft as before. You feel a change in the sensation as the lips suckle at your nipple. The other nipple is being pulled by the piercing and lifted from your chest.

The sensations are becoming intense as you have the fire down below with the fingers pumping and Joy’s tongue on your hot clit. Then you have the sensation of different more hard lips sucking one nipple while the other is being pulled and pinched.

Your body displayed for whoever is in the car to enjoy. You hear Paula’s voice telling me to make you cum, you feel my licking become more forceful, the pumping inside your walls deeper and faster. You hear from across the car the sounds of sucking. Knowing you are not being sucked as hard and that the sounds cannot be from you.

You lean in a little bit more to try and make out what it could be and your mind picks up that it’s the sound of a man having his cock sucked. Although you hear no male voices or deep moans the sensation builds up inside you as you continue to hear the sounds.

You can feel your own orgasm boiling deep within you. But the sound of sucking is driving you insane with lust. Then the sound stops. You feel movement in the car as my tongue is pulled off your sweet folds. You feel me move away from you and start to wonder what is happening when suddenly you feel jets of cum hitting your breasts, neck and abs… no moans at all by a man but yet the familiar feeling of being cummed on.

As the hot cum coats your breasts and chest area, you feel tongues on your body licking up the remnants of the deed done by some unknown man.. the tongues are licking at your nipples, sucking and slurping. A tongue is moved down further to catch the warmth on your abs.

You are being cleaned up with tongues as one moves back down to your hard clit and sweet pussy. The tongue moves back up inside you, taking over where the fingers left off. You feel Paula removing the restraints from your wrists as the ones around your ankles are also removed.

Having the ability to move yet still blindfolded. I move you into a position on the floor of the limo. I move under you so that my mouth is still on your sweet folds as mine is against yours. You feel from behind you a blunt object being pushed into your sex. It is thick as it moves inside your walls. My tongue darting around and over your clit.

Your body moves with the thrusting of the object, it is pulled out completely before being pushed back inside you. Repeating the sensation you are being slowly pumped by a toy. The toy moving in and out of your warm folds while every once in a while being removed completely only to be reintroduced back into your tight walls.

My tongue is dancing along your clit as you try to maintain some control as you begin to tongue my smooth mound. Moving your tongue over my clit before dipping your long tongue into my treasure box. Holding you steady in my grasp as I can look up and watch the toy disappearing inside your walls.

With you still being blindfolded, you have no idea what is about to happen as I tongue your hard clit. I watch movement taking place and positions change around. All the while your sweet tongue is teasing my mound, bringing me to points within myself that I have not felt in a long time.

You feel my hips begin to buck, pushing myself onto your tongue as you dip in deeper, moving over my sex like an expert. Again, your moans pick up tempo as the toy inside begins thrusting once again only to have it leave your walls empty once more.

Then as you return to tonguing my clit it is introduced back into you, only this time the sensation is different. You sense a change then feel hands, strong hands on your sexy hips. Pulling you back onto the cock that fills you.

You realize that it is a real cock inside your sweet walls now, pumping you hard and deep as the pelvis smacks your bottom. The thickness is as think as the toy but the length is much longer. You feel it sawing in and out of your tight lips as his hands pull you back to meet the thrusts.

Your concentration is now totally broken, being slammed from behind by an unknown man now changes things. You feel his cock grow inside you. The thrusting he is doing into you is hard. You feel your body reacting to this new sensation and as you try to sort it out your orgasm rocks through your gorgeous body.

You find yourself moaning loudly, pushing back onto the cock that fills your sweet folds. Your muscles contracting as you feel a finger being pushed into your upturned backside. Pumping you in alternating thrusts as his cock grows another inch inside your tight walls.

You finally hear his moan, it’s a deep growl as he’s pumping you faster. Your orgasm screeching through you once again as my tongue tongues his balls with each in stroke. You can sense he is about to cum, but where will he cum is your concern.

He thrusts deeper into your wet folds before pulling out from inside you and then you feel the coating of warm hot cum splashing onto your back. His cock head brushing against your sexy ass as more and more of his hot cum flies onto your back and ass.

As he backs up off you, again the sensation of tongues are there cleaning you. Licking in long strides, sucking up the white sticky mess on your back as my tongue continues its assault on your body. Your folds are so wet now.

Drying you off, the car stops. A door is opened up and then it closes. As the car pulls away Paula reaches over and removes the blindfold. As the light is bright your eyes adjust to the light. You look around the limo and see only Paula and I sitting across from you, looking at you.

As you sit on the leather seat still quite naked from the events, Paula asks you how you like being on Maui. You smile and say it’s great so far. Paula says the best is yet to come.
