 Sandra lay on the couch with her eyes closed, basking in the warm afterglow of passion. She knew that she had had an experience but still could not quite understand what or why?

Sandra was in the kitchen when she had decided to sort out a cupboard. In it she had found an old hat that had been bought at a jumble sale. It was far too big and had been put away because it looked silly. As she looked at it, a smile came over her face as she remembered how funny she looked in it. She put it on and went to look at herself in the mirror in the hall. Just as she did, the doorbell rang. 

Walking to the door she reached forward and opened it, and as she did she saw the outline of a person in the window, as the door started to open the hat suddenly slipped over her eyes and she found that she couldn't see who was there. Instinctively she reached to remove the hat, but was surprised when two hands gently took hold of her hands and guided them down to her sides. 

A moment of sheer panic overcame her. Sandra's body tensed to react to the insult, but a warm, deep male voice said, "No, Sandra." It was so soothing voice that she simply stopped. He had come for her.

The hands that took hold of hers gently led her through to her lounge. She found herself standing in the middle of her what she coud tell was her living room. Though she could not see, her other senses made her keenly away of soft but excited breathing by the mysterious stranger. Sandra found that she was paralyzed with excitement. The expectation was too intriguing. 

Sandra wanted to take the hat off, but she also did not want to know what was going to happen next. She didn't have long to wait.There was a very gentle pressure on her shoulders as she felt what was obviously a fingertip running slowly over her back and neck, causing her sking to tingle with the sensation of the touch. 

She was shocked at just how excited she felt. it feltThis was outside of her experiences. Everything told her to stop. She knew that what she wanted was wrong, but the sexual tension was too much. She started to wonder what would happen next. 

The finger movedvery slowly up and down her back increasing in pressure and then holding back again. After a while a hand gently came to rest on her shoulder, she felt it rest there before wandering slowly down her back and over her buttocks, massaging as it went. She was shocked to realise that she was starting to sway and longing for it to discover her. Her knees began to buckle a little. After a moment she felt a coolness on her back and realised that the hand had loosened her top and had touched her skin, the power of the sensation was suddenly almost overwhelming. The hand was running over her skin and gently massaging the flesh in a way that made her smile without realising it. 

She felt the fingers effortlessly unhook her sheer bra that she loved to wear, she felt her breasts release as the pressure came off. The hand was now joined by the second one and she felt them both wandering over her skin and kneading the flesh. She started to realise that she wanted more, not certain of why but she wanted those hands to do more oh so much more. She felt the hands moving towards her breasts and so wanted to get hold of them and just put them there as she wanted so much to feel the strong hands take her breasts in their powerful grip., The fingers were running slowly over the base of the breasts as they sought to excite her. 

She leaned back and for the first time felt the slightest touch of the person who was with her, she felt the slight roughness of a beard, it was short and slightly prickly, she found herself starting to wonder what it might be like to kiss when she felt the hands take hold of her breasts and hold the whole of them. She felt him move towards her and use his strong arms to pull her tight to his body. She felt so safe and secure yet so turned on as she wondered what was to come. What was happening was her ultimate fantasy and she readily gave herself to it...to him.

As his arms held her she started to sway, to steady rhythm of his heartbeat. They moved over the breasts and lingered round the nipples, and over the body of the breast. She felt the hands moving over and over her, gently stroking the skin and taking it so gently but it was so exciting to feel the strength mixed with the tenderness.

As her head went back she felt a hand move down and it toyed for a second with the waist of her jeans, and then with an expertise that shocked her, the fingers had opened the button and had slipped the zip, she instinctively reached down to stop it, but at the same time the other hand pressed the breasts hard and she arched her back growing hotter.,She felt his hand go inside her lacy black knickers. The sense of anticipation was replaced with a feeling of intense desire to make love to this sensual stranger. His fingers touches her most private hairs. She knew now that that was what she wanted. There was an ache that she recognised. She wanted to feel him inside her but NOW! As she moved back she felt the tips of his fingers running over her lips, feeling the wetness. Then as she moved more to him, the fingers opened her, she felt herself open her legs more as she longed to feel them enter her, but all they did was linger at the opening tickling the lips and making her wetter.

After what felt like an eternity, she felt him slowly lean her back more laying her onto sofa. As she lay down she realised that her jeans had gone, the tension was becoming unbearable as she wanted him to take her, gently but completely. She felt the warmth of his breath as his face came towards her, the tongue was stroking the breasts and making her moan more she needed to feel him inside her. 

The feeling of his hands on her pussy and the tongue on her breasts was so so good, she wanted more but he just lay there stroking her and kissing her, it was beautiful and so sensual. She felt the face move down her body, and the anticipation grew as she knew the feelings and sensations to come. As the mouth moved down her body she squirmed in expectation. She felt the tip of the tongue as it wandered over the fabric of her underwear. The material was wet but she didn't care, she wanted so much to be rid of them, and as she felt the tongue move them to the side she knew it would not be long. 

The tip was exploring the lips and separating them, she could feel herself dripping with desire, suddenly she thrust her thighs forward and felt the exquisite sensation as the tongue entered her and slipped into her deep hot wetness. She felt it slide over her and start to slowly lick her inside. She could hear that he was drinking her wetness and that excited her. She knew that this was what she was longing for, she needed so much to feel the exquisite sensation of the tongue exploring her, but she still felt it was wrong. "I shouldn't be doing this," she thoughtjust was she felt the rush of pleasure as the tip of the tongue finally found its goal. She writhed in sheer pleasure, She so wanted to say no, but the sensation was simply too much.

Slowly she felt the body move over her as his position changed, suddenly he was off her and to her side, she wondered what was going to happen next, he put his strong hands on her and lifted her gently but with great strength until she realised that he had lifted her right off the bed, She she found herself sitting astride him and she was over his groin. She could feel his swelling pressing into her.She realised that his thighs were moving slowly side to side and she felt him slide over her wetness softly but felt his full length as it rubbed her, the sensation was almost overwhelming. As she sat there, he moved gently backwards and forwards, his erection rubbing the lips making her wetter. She tensed her knees and then raised herself up, and with a strength she didn't know she had thrust herself down upon his throbbing manhood. She felt it slide inside her deep and wide until she was hard down on him. He held her there for a few moments as they both savoured the moment of togetherness.

After what felt like an eternity, she started to move upwards and then down, she felt the sensation as she slide over him, the feeling was of fullness and pleasure only dreamed about. This was not sex, this was completeness it was so far beyond anything so bestial. She moved up and down slowly feeling him inside her as she wanted to take him. She slide over him feeling him deep inside her thrusting up and down getting quicker and quicker as she longed to for more and more the sweat was pouring of her. They rode each other tasting every wet inch of the others bodies swaying like a tree in the wind back and forth as they sought to pleasure each. The sensations were flowing over her so fast she was getting dizzy as she felt his hands all over her stroking and massaging every part of her. She felt him tighten she climbed the mountain again and as she did the rush of her sensations peaked and as she slide down on him again there was a deep shudder explode within her, and she felt him burst and fill her. Her arms went tight and every inch of her body tensed, tighter than she had ever experienced before! For a lifetime she held there as they both climaxed and then she dropped like a stone onto him, as every ounce of strength she had disappeared, and she melted onto the bed.

All she remembers is falling asleep on the settee in his arms, with him still deep inside her, feeling totally joined with him. Her sensation was of a hug way beyond anything she had experienced before, the closeness and warmth was so special to her.

When she awoke she was laying on the couch with a towel over her and the hat covering her breasts, and on the hat was a note and all it had on it was "Hugs P" and a smiley face!