 This story contains vanilla sex, big tits, and a story. The names have been changed and at least one location is not where the story happened. My memory may be a little faulty and it may have altered the story, a little.  

=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=

""I can count on you to get blindsided at least once a game," my older brother remarked on our way home from the homecoming game and dance. He was right. We were leading 14-6 at the beginning of the fourth quarter and with two minutes left the game was 20-14, still in our favor. I'm the quarterback for our high school. I was a senior and having a pretty good year.

I took the snap and dropped back the three steps I was supposed to and I looked for Matt Hanson out to my left. Number 80 from Malad High hit me so hard my grandmother vibrated. The ball came out of my hands and I saw stars. All the people in the stands saw a fumble recovery that was run back seventy two yards and we lost the game. My brother was right. I was blindsided. I never saw it coming.

A few months later I graduated and started my summer job. Growing up on a family farm I never had to wonder if I could get a summer job. I had to wonder if I'd get paid. We had two crops that year, corn and sugar beets. When I graduated I was 6'1" and weighed 185. I wondered if I would make the college team. By the time summer was over and I got in my Dad's old pickup to drive to college I was at 210 pounds. Farm work can do that.

I made the team and played back-up quarterback for two years. My reputation for being blindsided continued. My junior year I made it through the season with no sacks. I wasn't blindsided once!

In the third game of my senior year I was blindsided by a guy who went in the first round of the NFL draft as a linebacker. At graduation someone sent me a present, a white cane. I gave up on football.

After I graduated I went to another university to get a Masters in agriculture. My older brother didn't want the family farm. I did. At Cal Poly I met Karen.

She was from Iowa, blond and she had big boobs. What attracted me to her was that she wasn't all made up and fake looking. She was scrubbed. The first time we met was in an organic chemistry class. She sat next to me and the first thing I noticed was that she smelled clean. I looked over at her and thought, 'Wow! Looking good!'

I thought she was out of my league. At Cal Poly I wasn't on the football team. I was a nobody. However, week after week she sat next to me. We talked sometimes about classes and chemistry, but nothing social. I noticed that almost every day she was walked to class by some handsome guy. Not always the same handsome guy, but always someone.

On the day of the midterm she was waiting for me just outside the classroom when I came out.

"Now?" She asked.

"Now, what?"

"I've been patient. We are officially half way through the semester and I'm still waiting." Her hands were on her hips, her chest pushed forward right at me. The sweater pulled tight between her breasts.

"Maybe I'm dense. Waiting for what?"

"For you to ask me out!"

I was shocked! She was telling me she wanted to go out with me! 

"Oh that," I said in an attempt to be funny. "Would you go out with me?"

"When?"

I thought for a second. All I did was study, eat, sleep, watch basketball on television and masturbate. I should be able to fit her in there somewhere.

"Tonight?"

"Where will we go?"

"Where would you like to go?"

"Back to your place." She was standing just inches from me, looking at my eyes. Her voice was slightly louder than a whisper. If she had touched me I might have fallen down. "Brazen hussy!" I heard my mother's voice in my head.

"It's a mess, but anytime." I hoped my voice didn't betray the lust I was feeling and my anxiousness to take her home and to bed.

"If I go back to your place with you you'll probably hit on me and want me to take off my clothes." She was smiling in a way I wasn't familiar with. Of course I would hit on her!

"OK. How about if I don't ask you to take off your clothes?"

"Then what will we do at your place if I'm not taking off my clothes?"

"Talk, order Chinese food delivered, watch my tiny TV, drink a beer, go for a walk. There are endless possibilities."

"I don't know if I believe you." We were walking toward my old pickup in the school parking lot. She seemed to know it was mine. Maybe because it was the only truck with Idaho plates at the school. "I haven't seen you with anyone all semester."

"I'm flattered that you noticed. To be honest I've seen lots of bees buzzing around you but haven't seen any land."

"They are only interested in my tits!" She said with venom.

"Biology does that to many men and boys."

"I haven't seen it causing you to act stupid."

"I have a theory about that. City boys grow up detached from nature. Every one and every thing in their lives is covered up and hidden. They focus on what isn't available. Country boys grow up with nature all around them. I spent years getting up at four in the morning to out to the barn and squeeze teats for an hour. I like your breasts but they aren't what attracts me to you."

She hooked her arm through mine and asked, "Well, since it isn't my tits what?"

"You don't smell like a chemistry experiment. You always smell clean."

"That's important?"

"Chanel won't ever make any money out of me. I don't like perfume. Again, I think it's about coming from the farm. Almost all farms have a mix of smells and part of what my Dad taught me was to learn how to interpret those smells. City boys seem not to know how to sniff the world around them. City girls seem to believe all the advertising that says you should smell like Chanel or White Diamonds."

I opened the pickup door and she jumped in. I watched as she slid her cute ass across my seat. She didn't go far. When I got in she was up next to me with one hand on my thigh.

I drove and she asked questions. I did my best to answer. She knew my Masters was in agriculture and she asked what I was going to do with it.

"Dad wants to retire and I'll take over the farm after I graduate. My older brother has already signed all the papers. The farm is mine when Mom and Dad are gone."

We were at my studio apartment. I parked in the alley behind the building and got out. I turned and Karen was standing against me. Her arms went around my neck and she kissed me. My arms went around her waist and I kissed her. She tasted like strawberries. 

I opened the door to my studio and she stepped inside. She took it all in, in eight or nine seconds. A small TV, a kitchenette, a desk covered with papers and books, a bookcase, and a bed. A queen sized bed. Karen walked to the bed, turned and asked, "Are you sure you don't want me to undress myself?"

"I want to talk a little more and then we can decide about getting undressed. Please sit down."

She sat on the bed. I brought the chair from the desk close to her and I sat.

"Why are we going so quickly to naked?"

"I'm twenty-five years old. I started dating when I was thirteen. I was a D cup on my fourteenth birthday. I tried the "let's go slow." I tried, "Let's wait until we're friends." When I said "No" to getting naked the boys still told everyone we got naked and fucked. By the time I graduated from high school I had decided that since I was already labeled a slut I might just as well fuck on the first date. These tits are a curse. I read about how normal women meet and get to know men. It just hasn't ever worked for me."

"Stand up, please."

She stood. I stood. I took a hold of the bottom of her sweater and pulled to up and over her head. Her very large breasts were covered in purple lace. The bra was a front closure, support bra that any engineering department could have been proud of. I knelt and unfastened her jeans and pulled them down. Purple lace panties. One glance told me there were no hairs peeking out. I helped her step out of her shoes and the pants. We didn't talk. I stood back up and took off my shirt.

"Hmmmmm," Karen said, as she looked me over.

I unbuttoned my 501's and dropped them to the floor. No underwear. I wasn't completely hard. My penis showed interest but not overwhelming lust.

When the only clothes between us were purple I spoke.

"I want to see you naked. I want you to want me to see you naked. If you want me to see you naked take off the rest."

She reached for the front closure and stopped. She slowly changed direction and hooked the waistband of her panties and lowered them to the floor. When she stood back up she looked at my eyes.

"Stop. Don't take off your bra. If you do you will keep believing that all men want them before they want you. I wouldn't care if they were gone."

A tear escaped and ran down her cheek. She didn't speak. I took her in my arms and kissed her. I kissed her face, her lips, her neck, her ear lobes and my hands explored her back, waist and hips. Karen welcomed every kiss. Her tongue explored my mouth and her kisses matched mine as mine explored and savored her from the shoulders up.

My cock was hard and pressed against her belly. Karen's belly was, at once, hard and soft. Some women, city women, have the flat stomach and they are soft. No muscle. Karen had a little softness with muscles underneath. As I kissed her I smelled the clean smell I knew as Karen's, now mixed with the odor of aroused woman. 

She broke our kisses and lay back on the bed. I knelt beside the bed and kissed her knee. My hands spread her legs and I slowly kissed my way up her smooth leg. The closer I got to her pussy the stronger her arousal odor became and when my cheek touched her pussy I stopped. I moved back down and kissed her other knee.

"No, Pete. Kiss my pussy, please. I want you there." Her voice was a raspy whisper.

I held her knees apart and leaned to her now open pussy. The light coming through my window showed the nectar sparkle. I touched the nectar with my tongue. She jerked and moaned.

"Oh God! Pete eat me! I love what you are doing to me!"

I was in no hurry. Actually I was but I knew better. When I was eighteen I was taught how to make love to a woman. My mentors (my Mom's sisters) taught me that going slow and focusing on giving a woman as much pleasure as I could would always bring me the best from her. So far that had always worked. I painted the inside of her pussy with a wide, wet tongue. From the bottom of Karen's vaginal opening to just above her clit I slowly licked her.

Her breathing changed and she called out often.

"Pete, I'm seeing stars!"

"Ohhhhh, I need to pee!"

"Pete, I'm cumming!"

I felt her tremble and felt the spasms of her pussy as her orgasm flooded her with sensations. I drank in her juices and loved how they tasted! I rested my head against her thigh as she came down. Her breathing slowed and she reached for me, drawing me up to rest beside her.

I kissed her gently and she returned it just as tenderly.

"I wondered how I would taste on someone else."

"No one ever kissed you after oral sex?"

"I'll bet I have blown a hundred dicks in my life but that was the first time anyone ever ate me."

"I will eat you, lick you, kiss your lower lips, any time you want. I love giving you pleasure like that."

"How about breakfast?"

"We haven't even had dinner yet. It's still light out!"

"Do you have stuff for breakfast?"

"Yes. Eggs, English muffins, sausage, turkey bacon, cream of wheat, and skim milk."

"Can I be here for breakfast?"

"Any day. The bigger question is what about dinner?"

"We could get dressed and go out."

"We could. How do you feel about Chinese?"

"I don't like Cantonese food, Hunan or Schezwan I love."

I rolled over and picked up my phone. I hit #4 on my speed dial.

"Mr. Tsu, this is Pete at 1876 Willow. Can I get some dinner delivered? Good. Hold on a sec, OK?"

"What would you like? His restaurant is called Hunan Garden."

Half an hour later there was a knock at the door and Mr. Tsu himself smiled when I opened the door. "It is good to share food sometimes, Mr. Pete. I put extra fortune cookies and almond cookies for you."

We sat on the bed and ate. I fed Karen and she fed me. In between bites we kissed. A few times she used her chopsticks to gently touch my penis. When dinner was eaten we cleaned up and went back to bed.

Karen still had on her purple bra. We held each other and talked about our childhoods, our schools and our parents. Somewhere in all that talking Karen put my hand on her bra. I slid it down to her belly.

"You don't like my tits at all?"

"I listened to you. Every man you've ever known wanted your tits first and never got around to wanting you. If I never touch your breasts and you understand that it is you that I like, then missing out on enjoying your breasts will be OK. "

"I want you to like all of me."

"OK. I do. You explained your history and I don't want to be one of those guys. If I am then what we are starting here will end soon. I don't want that."

"What are we starting?"

"I have no idea. I see lots of possibilities. This can be a great afternoon and evening and nothing more. It can be a semester or half a semester affair. It can be we move in together and spend every possible moment naked in bed together. It could be that we create a great friendship that includes sex and when summer comes you come back to the farm with me. It could be that tonight is the beginning of a life long relationship with marriage, kids, the PTA and all that. Right now I don't want to say no to any of those possibilities except the first one."

"I never wanted a one night stand either. I want at least a half a semester with you."

"OK. I agree."

"You agree?"

"Yes. I'll make it formal. Karen, will you be my exclusive woman from this moment until the end of the semester?"

"What if, at the end of the semester, we want more?"

"We make a new agreement."

"So, if someone asks me tomorrow if I have a boyfriend I should say, Yes. Pete."

"How does that feel?"

"Like I wanted to say it a month ago. Some men are really slow."

"I cannot change the past. I'm not too good at subtle when it comes to people. Crops and animals yes, but I'm still learning people."

"I understand. If I want you to get the message I should say it clearly."

"Exactly."

"If it's OK with you I'd like to go to the bathroom and then go to sleep."

I pointed to the only other door than the door we came in through. She walked in and sat down. She didn't close the door. I couldn't see her but easily heard her stream. I waited until she was back in bed and shut off the bedside lamp. I spooned up behind her and put my arm over her. In minutes we were both asleep.

Somewhere in the night she took off her bra. Sometime in the night my hand held her breast and she held my hand to her breast for the rest of the night.

When I woke up Karen was still spooned with me. My morning hard on was tucked between the cheeks of her ass. My hand held her breast. I could feel her nipple pressing into my palm.

"Good morning boyfriend."

"Good morning. I like waking up like this."

"Plan on it happening often."

"What time do you need to go?"

"Yesterday was my last mid-term. I don't have a class until ten on Monday."

My mind was working on a plan.

"Let's eat breakfast, get clean and dressed and go to your place."

"Why my place?"

"You need clothes and woman stuff if you are going to spend a lot of time here. You shouldn't wear the same clothes every day."

"Between breakfast and getting dressed could you have me for a snack?"

"Right now, if you want."

"No. I need the bathroom. I'm hungry and I want to be smelling clean for my man."

"Right! You can have the bathroom. I'll start breakfast."

We began our first full day as boyfriend and girlfriend. I like the term lovers better but we hadn't mated yet. As I cooked I realized that since we had made ourselves a relationship I wanted to begin freely expressing what I felt for her. I shut off the stove and joined her in my shower. We soaped each other and made sure that we were both totally clean. This was my first opportunity to really look at Karen's breasts. They were easily the largest natural breasts I had ever seen. As I washed her I hefted them and was shocked at how heavy they were. Even though they were large the nipples were centered. When my soapy hands went over them she shuddered a little, telling me that they were very sensitive. The skin was almost translucent. Pale and some blue veins showing through. Her areola were elongated slightly with nipples that were longer than round. I wanted to suck on them but decided to wait. I was surprised at how at ease Karen was about my body. She scrubbed me and when she was doing my back she slid her soapy hand between my butt cheeks and cleaned me thoroughly. It surprised me and it felt good. When I cleaned her I did the same. As my soapy fingers cleaned her anus she said, "That feels good."

The hot water started to run out. We laughed and got out. I dried Karen and she dried me. We walked back into the bedroom and I took her in my arms.

"While we're out today, would you remind me to get some condoms?"

Her face lit up. She kissed me and led me to the bed.

"I don't have any diseases. I am on birth control and I have five more days before my period. I would like it if our first time was right now. It will be good, clean fun!"

"Even my parents approve of good clean fun." 

Our first mating was slow and tender. I think we kissed a thousand times. OK, it was probably only a hundred. Karen guided my cock into her pussy and she was wet enough that I slid in deep in a couple of strokes. As we held each other and our bodies got to know each other my senses were focused on how the insides of her pussy felt. I had sex before, and with other college women but this was definitely different. 

Karen's hands explored my body some more. She had scrubbed every inch of me and now was touching and holding for her pleasure, and mine. I felt the rise of my orgasm and asked, "Are you sure I should cum in your pussy?"

"As long as you cum inside me. I want you to cum inside me."

"Good, cause I'm there!" I thrust hard and deep, holding myself deep inside her as we both felt my cock pulse and deliver a hot load of my juice. When I was able I stroked out and back in again.

"Pete, can you suck my nipples without coming out of me?"

"I don't know. We can attempt that move but I may need to study yoga before I can do it."

Her smile and sparkling eyes told me to make the attempt. It was very easy. I centered my mouth over her nipple and sucked it in. As I figured in the shower her nipples were very sensitive. I felt my cock coming back to life as I played with Karen's nipple. I stroked in and out and we both moaned. Her long nipple got even longer and I loved the way it felt in my mouth. 

My body demanded that I pump harder and hit against her pubic bone at the bottom of each stroke. I worried I was hitting too hard. Karen let me know how I was doing.

"Oh God, Pete! You are the best lover ever! Slam into me!"

My hands held my weight off her and she held my arms, using them to brace herself and thrust against me. I released her nipple from my mouth and pounded harder into her. 

She dug her fingers into my arms and let a long groan turn into a scream as she came. Her body shook and I felt a flood of juices come from her pussy. I stroked, but slower, until her orgasm began to wane. She turned over without even losing our connection and when she was in the doggy position she pushed her cute ass back at me.

Automatically my hands held her hips and I resumed pistoning. The sounds of our mating were the sounds of wet bodies making more wetness and slapping it around. 

"Pete, Oh Pete! Cum in me!"
