 His meeting took longer than expected and he was late picking me up. Nonetheless I was glad to see him after his busy week. He looked really tired. I was worried that he'd be exhausted since he'd just had a long day at work. But he insisted he was fine and despite a headache, wanted to dance, too. We were supposed to meet 2 girlfriends at Brix, so he decided that we should have dinner at Mezza9. 

We caught up with one another on the drive. We chatted endlessly during dinner of grilled seafood which was very very very good. Simply amazing. Pure bliss having that melts in your mouth salmon, juicy lobster. Later on he told me that he could tell that the lobster was very very good just by watching my face *blush* And that he has since found a way to shut me up: because when I put that silver of lobster in my mouth, it was so damn good I couldn't stop luxuriating in it to talk…

I didn't really want to meet up with our girlfriends. I mean, I was enjoying myself thoroughly and didn't want to spoil it…… As much as we wanted to socialise and dance, we decided that we wanted this time together, alone. Fortunately our girlfriends received our blatant hints (kisses to both of you!)

We hit a mental roadblock as to where to go so he drove around while we thought about it. He drove around Orchard, Shenton Way… his hand crawled up my thigh and firmly planted itself in between my thighs… It was a strange sensation being driven in two ways… 

He drove slowly as his left hand worked its wonders on my clit. It didn't take too long before I didn't care anymore where we were going. The car was moving, we weren't going to crash and I was on a plateau almost at orgasm. Of course, the fact that I trusted him implicitly helped. My brain stopped working and just concentrated on that hand between my legs.

I shifted my body to accommodate his hand better; He shifted his hand and I wailed my orgasm. It was very strange seeing familiar sights zoom by as you orgasm. The angle wasn't good for him to reach my g-spot but whoa, it was an experience in itself!

He slowed down and parked at Marina. Seat belts off and both of his hands went into play… Mega orgasm time. I came often and hard.

It became way too intense and I begged him to stop. Of course, he wouldn't until I pushed his head away, pushed his hands away. 

I dreamily leaned back, wondering what just hit me. He just looked at me and grinned. I sucked his fingers clean and grinned back at him. 

We kissed. He ran his hands around my body; up my arms, shoulders, breasts, hips, thighs… beautiful tingling wherever his hands were. Bliss.

I couldn't stop smiling. 

We talked some more. I was still floating… it is very difficult to come down from an orgasmic high when you are still being touched so lovingly everywhere. All I was thinking was "oh my god this feels so damn good, am I dreaming?" and "dammit I want to fill my mouth with something other than lobster but ohhh man I just wanna lean back and enjoy this feeling too…"

Of course, I was also longing to be filled… I wanted to feel his warm body next to mine, not separated by the gearshift. I wanted to feel his hips against mine. But I decided to be satisfied by what I could get. After all, would a hotel necessarily be better?

We kissed, talked, necked, chatted, nuzzled, giggled, fondled and eventually conceded that a loo visit was in order. At this point, I hadn't even gone near his crotch yet. He assured me that pleasure was also derived from giving pleasure and watching me in ecstasy.

He drove us to a car park he knew of that had easily accessible loos. After which, he proceeded to drive UP the open multi-storey car park. I was wondering err why are we driving UP? But then, I trust him, so I held up my end of our conversation and didn't think too much of it… until he pulled in right at the top, underneath the cloudy sky, overlooked by office buildings. 

Seat belts off and he attacked me again. I was still wet from earlier (though he did ask during the drive if I was "drying up"… I wasn't!). I pulled down the top of my dress and he licked my breasts, suckled at my nipples. His fingers were relentlessly keeping me at orgasmic peak and my legs were weak from the repeated g-spot orgasms. I wouldn't have been able to move even if my life depended on it!!!

Suddenly, he stopped and moved back. I took a deep breath and was a bit relieved for the break… and grinned when he moved his seat back and undid his pants… 

Even before he had leaned back from pulling down his pants, it was my turn to attack him. I didn't get to concentrate for very long as his hands reached for my ass and pulled my dress up. 

He thought I was wearing a g-string and was pleased to discover my skimpy t-back. He grabbed it and yanked… giving me a wedgie orgasm by it rubbing against my clit. Not quite satisfied with the results of that, he went back to using his magical fingers on my clit and pussy… first through my panties then pushing it aside.

All this time I was trying my best to worship his very erect cock, but with all that madness happening, all I could do was want to, because I most certainly could not concentrate. It didn't help when he started to play with my ass as well… having fingers in your ass and pussy does NOT help concentration. I was very desperately trying to lick and suck him well, to return some of that pleasure he was so freely giving me. But it was a very poor attempt as I was mostly moaning my orgasms as he finger fucked my ass. 

Yet again he surprised me. He pushed me off and started to pull up his pants, buckle up his belt. I was sitting up, blinking in confusion. He opened his door and got out. I was like "what the heck is going on and where the heck is he going?" but by then he had opened my door, leaned in, pushed my dress up and started to remove my panties…

I helped by keeping my heels out of the way. He flung my panties onto his seat, stood up and ordered me to get out of the car. I did, unstable on my weak legs. He closed the door and I leaned against the car so that I would not fall.

He knelt down, lifted my dress and sucked on my clit. 

I screamed. 

Threw my head back on the car, looked up at the cloudy sky and wailed. His hands joined him and for the third time that night, my knees were weak with the strongest orgasms I could have. 

I was ready to beg him to stop (again!) when he stopped, and stood up. 

"Turn around"

I turned around and bent forward, without being asked to. He pushed my dress up onto my back, undid his pants and took me from behind. I clung onto the car, and looked back at him as his thrust into me. He grabbed my hips and fucked me hard. 

His hands moved up my body, reaching for my breasts. I pulled down the top of my dress for him again and his manipulations of my nipples only served to bring my orgasm higher. 

I watched his expression as he methodically filled me with his hard cock. His demeanour was stern and serious, concentrating. When I caught his eye, he smiled and fucked me harder. 

The best orgasm is when your partner orgasms with you, in you. Bliss.

He leaned forward, kissing my back. I held on tightly to his car – didn't want to fall! I wailed when his cock slipped out. Then I turned around and got on my knees to lick and suck him clean. Mingled juices are tasty! 

I helped him dress. We hugged, enjoying each other in silence, in the cold night air. 

He teased me, joking about my apparent disappointment when he pushed me off and left the car. This was the first outdoor experience for me and though it was short (as they are likely to be) it was really rather magical.

He opened the door for me and I slipped in, adjusting my dress. It was late and we didn't want to hang around! 

As he drove out of the car park, I slipped my panties back on. I didn't want to stain his leather seats. Though it's barely a triangle with straps, it still helps keep the juices in!

We stopped at a store where he bought us drinks and I replayed the night's events in my head. It would have been to abrupt to just head home, and so he drove us around, showing me memorable sights. He makes a great tour guide! 

I finally arrived home at 3am… he walked me up and lingered at the door, kissing through the gate. When I finally went in and closed the door behind me, I spent the next hour and half reliving and documenting this wondrous night of bliss…