 A soft white muslin cloth covered my naked body. The veiled outline of my dark and aroused nipples were visible through the sheer material of the sheet. Slowly, he pulled the cloth away from my body, revealing my golden skin. The cool air felt exquisite against my breasts. My pussy glistened with slick juices in the soft glow of the candlelight, as his indulgent gaze roamed my body unhurriedly, awakening my desire. 

Gently, he cupped my breasts before rubbing his calloused thumb against my peaked nipple. His delicate touch had me whimpering for more. Fascinated by my reaction, he pinched my nipple slowly, making it erect. Before I could register the feelings coursing through my body, he lapped my nipple with one slow, long, wet lick. My back arched, and he encircled my petite frame with his long fingers, holding onto me. 

He continued licking my nipple until suddenly he held it between his teeth, applying just the right kind of pressure. I threw my head back, and pulled his hair, as my hips bucked, making contact with his engorged cock. His cock pressed against my mauve pleasure button and slickened my nether region. I was now writhing in pleasure, as he sucked my whole nipple in his mouth and alternated between licking and biting. Involuntarily, I started rubbing my clit against the tip of his cock, satiating my desire. 

He pulled out my nipple from his mouth with a pop and started peppering feverish kisses against my body. He kissed the valley between my breasts, before moving south towards my navel. He continued moving further down till the tip of his nose touched my clit. He inhaled languidly and blew a breath across my sweet spot. Then he stuck his tongue out to tentatively touch my clit. The velvety texture of his tongue had my eyes closing.

When I opened them, I found his dark gaze as he flicked my nub one more time. The intensity of his gaze and the sensation of his tongue against my clit felt dreamlike. As he continued paying attention to my clit, I could feel the fiery burn consuming me. It started at my abdomen but soon it possessed my whole being. My breath quickened as my muscles started to spasm. 

He licked my clit in small circles, pressing down on the excited nub. My grip in his dark, tousled hair tightened, as he circled my opening with his finger and then slowly inserted it into my pussy. He let his finger get pulled inside before removing it and repeating the motion. The unhurried pace of his digit had my eyes rolling to the back of my head. 

Soon I started to feel my pussy clench, pulling his finger deeper. He then added a second finger and started licking my clit again. The sensation was overwhelming. I felt like I was climbing and climbing, chasing the unattainable. My toes curled into the plush bedcovers as my hips bucked. I could feel the orgasm that was about to consume me. With his free hand he pinched my nipple, and then I was over the edge, screaming in ecstasy. 

After a couple of seconds my hips relaxed and I opened my eyes to meet his gaze filled with desire and tenderness. He raised his muscular body from between my legs and flipped us gently so that I sat on his lap. I wrapped my arms around his neck, while his fingers imprinted the curve of my waist. I could feel his cock as it stood erect between our bodies. He lifted my hips and placed my opening at the tip of his cock. Slowly, I lowered myself onto his cock. My pussy enveloped his length till he was sheathed deep in my womb. 

Our foreheads touched each other as we revelled in this intimate connection. I then started encircling my hips to build a wonderful pressure that had us both moaning. I looked down to where we were connected and was mesmerised by the way he filled me as I rode him. The pace was excruciatingly but deliciously slow. 

Our lovemaking made us delirious and overcome with passion. Before long, I could feel us both pursuing the burgeoning desire that burned between us. We were lost in each other as the world around us ceased to exist. Our sounds of pleasure rang loud in the otherwise quiet room. He pulled my raven tresses to one side and kissed my bare neck, tenderly at first. Then he bit into the skin of my neck, making my pussy clench uncontrollably. Sweet nectar oozed out of my pussy, lubricating his shaft and maddening our desire. I continued riding him as I chased my orgasm, pulling him in with me. I exploded just as I felt his seed fill me deep inside. 

We both collapsed on the bed, panting heavily. My body trembled as it recovered from the aftershocks of our lovemaking. He held onto me tightly as I lay splayed on his muscled chest. Unconsciously, he started drawing circles on my back as he gently kissed my forehead and then rest his chin on top of my head. I could feel the magnetic pull of deep slumber luring me. My eyes closed off of their own accord as I surrendered myself to bliss.