 It was Saturday morning and I was sitting on my front steps reading the newspaper and enjoying a hot cup of coffee. My wife had left at first light to hit the garage and yard sales with her mother, so I was alone without a care. A movement across the street caught my attention so I looked up and I saw my neighbor, Pam, walking from her front door to the garage. She was wearing a satiny-looking red nightgown that had spaghetti straps and a hem ending around her knees. She looked into the open garage as I eyeballed her, looking for her husband, John, who'd left on his Harley about 20 minutes earlier. I was still looking at her as she turned and noticed me sitting there, so I waved and she walked down the driveway toward me. I set down my newspaper and walked down my front walk to meet her. I crossed the street and we talked for a few minutes at the end of her driveway, with me trying desperately to keep my eyes on her face. Pam is in her forties and looks great. She has short blonde hair and is very tan from riding on the back of John's Harley every weekend. She has a nice petite figure, which I have admired in jeans, chaps, tank tops and, occasionally, a buttoned-up leather vest with nothing under it. Of course these admirations have always been from a distance. Right now, I was faced with Pam at a distance of about 5 feet wearing something that very likely was the only thing she had on. Perhaps that's what prompted me to ask, "What are you wearing under that?"

"Nothing," she replied, a smile crossing her lips and a twinkle in her eye, "Why?" I suspected as much and deflected her question by asking if I could see. Her eyes got a little wide and her mouth opened, then she asked, "Are you crazy? Right here? I don't need our nosey neighbors reporting to John that I've been raising my nightie for you."

"But otherwise you would?" I asked, feeling like she was saying, "I would, but..."

"You really want to see what's under here?" she asked, sounding flattered. I nodded my head and suggested inside her garage. I knew we wouldn't have to worry about John because you could hear his Harley from 10 blocks away. She turned and walked up the driveway, with a swing in her hips, and I followed, resisting the urge to look around and appear more suspicious. We went all the way in, behind her pick-up, which she leaned against as I faced the open door. She grasped the hem of her nightgown and slowly raised it as my dick stiffened in my jeans. Her pussy came into view, framed by the tanlines from her bikini bottom, exposing her dark blonde bush above a mostly shaved slit. Her smooth, tan stomach came next followed by the lower swell of her breasts. Her breasts were on the small side, but topped with very hard nipples. I looked up at Pam's face as I raised my hands from my sides, asking if I could touch. She nodded her head slowly, a slightly dazed expression on her face. Reaching out, I cupped her small breasts, running my thumbs over her hard nipples. I couldn't resist those nipples and found myself leaning forward to lick and suck them. Pam sucked her breath in at the attention and I let my hands slide down to her hips. She was still holding the hem of her nightgown up at her chest while I ran my tongue over and around her hard nipples. My hands, meanwhile, slipped from her hips around to the small of her back and down onto her ass. I ran my hands up and down over her ass and began kissing my way down from her tits to her stomach and abdomen, lowering myself to my knees on the floor of her garage.

With her blonde bush directly before me, I darted my tongue out and made contact with her clit. Pam moaned and spread her legs wider. Still holding onto her ass, I licked her clit and slurped the flowing juices from between her lips. Removing one of my hands, I slipped a finger up into her, eliciting another moan, and began pumping it in and out while focusing my licking and sucking on her clit. Pam started pushing her hips toward my face while allowing the hem of her nightgown to drop to her stomach, where she held it with the hand that wasn't on the back of my head. Oh, she tasted so good. I couldn't see how John didn't want to spend every minute of his day with her on his face. I licked and sucked, drinking down the juices that were flowing around my finger as Pam rocked against my face. Her movements got faster and she was moaning softly as her orgasm approached. I slipped a second finger into her and sucked on her clit while I pumped them in and out. She let out a surprised little cry, pulled my face hard against her pussy and started to convulse.

Once I was certain that Pam was on her way back down, I stood up and opened my jeans, freeing my rigid cock. Still holding her nightgown against her stomach, Pam reached out with her free hand and stroked me. I reached behind her and pulled on the latch for the tailgate of her truck. She moved forward, allowing me to open it, then I grasped her at the waist and lifted her small frame up onto the lowered tailgate. She wrapped her legs around me as I guided my cock into her hot pussy. I groaned as I sank all the way into her, grabbing her ass and pulling her against me. As I started to slowly pump in and out of her, she asked me to do her a favor and not cum in her. She figured John might be slightly suspicious if he came home and found her pussy full of cum. She thought it would probably be safer for both of us if she swallowed the evidence. The prospect of fucking that pretty, blonde head made me even harder and I started fucking her with vigor as I pressed my lips against hers. She opened her mouth to admit my tongue while slipping hers into my mouth. I knew that enough time had passed that John could be home at any time so, since Pam had already cum, I worked hard at bringing my own orgasm closer. I was sliding hard and fast in and out of her hot, wet pussy, my hands on her sweet ass and my tongue in her mouth. It wasn't long before I felt that familiar feeling rising within me. I kept fucking Pam up until the last possible moment then told her I was about to cum as I pulled out. She jumped down from the truck, grabbed my cock and engulfed me in her mouth. Looking down at my cock disappearing into her mouth was a huge turn-on and it only took me a few strokes before I was emptying my nuts down her throat.

I sighed with relief as my cock dropped from Pam's mouth and she stood up. Her nightgown was back in place and I quickly tucked myself away. I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her tightly before leaning down to kiss her gently on the lips. Knowing we were pushing our luck, I stepped back and looked around the garage quickly. Seeing a set of jack stands, I picked them up and told Pam that if any neighbors were watching this would appear less suspicious. We left the garage and talked in the street at the end of her driveway for a few more minutes, vowing to figure out how to do this again sometime. I said good-bye and thanks and took the jack stands to my garage before returning to my newspaper on the front steps. When John pulled up on his Harley about 10 minutes later, I gave him a wave while I thinking, "Hey, good to see you, I just fucked your wife and came in her mouth, have a nice day."