 Several years ago, my boss's secretary sold real estate part-time. Let me tell you about Gina. She's very attractive, but slightly heavy. Long, blonde hair, huge tits, and nice legs for a big girl. She usually dressed well, dresses and skirts were the norm. Sheer nylons and nice "fuck-me" pumps would normally complete the outfits she wore in the office.

Although we were cordial, we never got along real well. She always had a "holier than thou" attitude with me, and I didn't appreciate it. My best friend at work always said she didn't like me because she could "read my heart," since I frequently made comments to him about what I'd like to do to her to get rid of her attitude. 

If she caught me looking at her legs, she'd pull her skirt down or turn toward her desk. Once, I walked up to the copier, and she she was bent over her desk, facing away from me. The view was unbelievable! Her pleated skirt had ridden all the way up, and I could see all of her big, sexy, nylon clad ass pointed right at me! Her pantyhose were sheer-to-waist, and she had no panties under them! Man, I was rock hard the rest of the day just thinking about it!

One comment I frequently made about her, was that I wanted to give her a "pearl necklace," as the thought of pumping a load of my cum on her huge tits and face fit nicely into my ideas of adjusting her attitude!

Once, at a work Christmas party, she saw my wife talking to her husband, and she really got pissed. My wife is very attractive also, and has a great body, so I think Gina was a bit green. Anyway, she came up to me and started a conversation, which was a first! I told her she looked great (red dress, sheer, dark nylons and black stiletto heels) and she blushed a little. She said she was sorry for giving me a hard time in the past, and that she'd like for us to be better friends. I told her that was okay with me, and hugged her. Her body felt great against mine, and I pressed my hard dick against her. She had to have felt it, and she didn't pull back, either! 

At work, things were different. She was friendly, even joking around with me. She let me have an occasional look up her dress without covering up, which started me thinking that I might have chance with her. One day, I told her I was interested in looking at a house she had listed. We made an appointment for the next evening after work. At work the next day, she looked fabulous, in a short, black dress that buttoned up the front. The top and bottom buttons were open, and she showed more cleavage and nyloned leg than normal. I was hard all day, and I caught her looking once or twice. 

After work, she drove us to the house, and on the way, she let her dress ride high on her nyloned thighs. I had a hard time not staring, that's for sure. Once there, as we were walking up to the house, she stopped and turned to me. "Rick, why do you want to give me a pearl necklace?" she asked innocently. I turned beat red, and tried to stutter an answer. Finally, she turned away and walked on up to the house. 

Once inside, she started the tour, brushing up against me frequently. As we walked up the steps, I let her get ahead of me, and suddenly she stopped and bent over, as if picking something up. I was again looking right at her nylon clad ass, and it looked really fine.

When she stood up, she turned around and came down until we were face to face, inches apart. "I know what a pearl necklace is, Rick.!" she said. "You do?" I muttered. "Yes," she answered, "and I think it's a waste of perfectly good semen!" With that, she unbuttoned the remaining buttons of her dress, and let it slip to the steps. Now, in only her bra, pantyhose and heels, she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply. 

She turned me so that I could sit on the steps, and then went to her knees, unzipping my pants. I reached around and undid her bra, and her huge, white tits spilled out. Then, as she got to my cock, she pulled it out and immediately took it in her mouth, sucking and licking the head as she stroked the shaft. 

I knew I wouldn't last long, and I didn't. I told her I was about to cum, and she told me she meant it when she said a pearl necklace was a waste of cum, and wrapped her lips around my dick again. As she quickened her strokes, I started shooting directly into her mouth. She pulled back until just the head was in her mouth, and I could feel every hot spurt as it hit her tongue. 

When I was done, she swallowed it, continuing to lick and suck until she had it all. She kissed me and I could taste myself in her mouth. I told her I wanted to repay the favor, but she didn't have time - said she'd take a rain check, though, which I'll tell you about next time.