 A mouth made for kissing is a beautiful thing. Warm, full of radiating heat, able to make your body tremble in anticipation. Moist, not wet, not dry, not even noticeably slippery, just easy to glide across. Full lips, pouting lips, able to apply firm pressure even as they part. A mouth like Sheila’s.

Her tongue was more breathtaking. Not exceptionally long, but slightly narrow, and a bit pointed. No, it wasn’t her tongue really. It was what she did with it when she kissed him.

Her mouth parted, her lips lingering against his, while she slipped her tongue inside his mouth. Instead of their tongues meeting, tip to tip, she wrapped her tongue around his. Curled it around his more accurately. Her rough taste buds scraping against the silky underside of his tongue, curling over it, wrapping around him, meeting his own taste buds in her signature way.

Freeing his tongue only for a moment, so she could tease the roof of his mouth with the tip of her tongue, then slide the smooth edge of her tongue along his rough taste buds, only to surround his tongue in her own unique brand of warmth once more. Yes, definitely a mouth made for kissing.

While she kissed him, her hands wondered across his shoulders, his chest, grazing his stiffening nipples, before settling in his chest hair for a moment, stroking it as she stroked the roof of his mouth, moving down his belly as she slid her tongue across his. Wrapping her hand around his cock as her tongue surrounded his again.

His large hands were tangled in her upswept hair, keeping her mouth pressed against his, instead of coming to his zipper, instead of freeing his throbbing cock.

She knew she could make him cum just like this, take her time, make love to his mouth, but that wasn’t what he had asked for. Besides his cock head felt so smooth in her hand as she stroked it. His balls, his wonderful balls, seemed heavy and full. Terrible thing to waste so much cum, really.

“No,” he groaned when she pulled her face away from his but his voice was barely more than a hoarse whisper.

Her eyes sparkled as she tilted her chin, placed a light kiss against his cheek, his chin, his neck, each nipple, his belly button, and finally his thighs.

“No?” she teased looking up at him from the floor ready to do the same thing for his cock she had just done for his mouth, ready to do more.

Steve leaned back against his desk. Tugged at his slacks not understanding why the zipper had suddenly become so hard to work. Until his huge cock was free.

Sheila leaned forward, flicked out her tongue just above his tender head, and watched as his cock lurched forward, like a bass to a lure. She wet her lips and did this again and again, watching his cock grow even harder despite the frustration she was causing him. Until his first droplets of pre-cum appeared.

Then she flicked her tongue out expertly spearing each droplet, bringing it back to her full lips, wetting them with his juices. Her lips were as warm and slippery as his cock by the time she wrapped her mouth around it.

But her tongue continued to seek out his juices. Trying to wrap itself around his head like it had wrapped itself around his tongue. Resorting to more desperate means when that failed. Plunging directly into his pee hole, trying to become more narrow, so it could reach more deeply.

Until Steve groaned. Until he freed her long hair, wrapping tendrils in between his fingers, not knowing whether he wanted to push her forward, fuck her face, or pull her off completely and ram his aching cock into her wet cunt.

Instead, Sheila abandoned his now overly sensitive cock head. As her mouth slid down his shaft, her tongue began to explore his length, tracing every one of his bulging blood vessels, sometimes trying to curl itself around his shaft, but each time finding him much to large.

She didn’t inch her way down his cock. That would have been much to fast. Instead, her tongue edged along his erection, tasting his tender flesh all around his shaft, before her warm lips touched him, before he was drawn deeper into her small mouth, feeling first the suction, then an explosive pressure that made him want to burst.

Her fingernails gently scratched his balls, as she stroked his sack, her face coming to rest against his pubic hairs. Her breathing labored. Her body trembling. Because she had managed to take all of him in her mouth. But she knew she couldn’t just keep him there. No matter how good it felt. And it felt so good.

Kiss his balls. She had to kiss his balls. So she let his juicy cock rest between her breasts for a moment, while she stroked them, teased them, and then very carefully, very thoughtfully, sucked first one then the other into her mouth, letting her tongue explore them too. Finding the seam, tracing the seam from end to end, over and over again, until she forced herself to stop. Let go of his balls.

Steve’s eyes were closed. She could explore his sweet ass now. Probe it with her tongue. Probe it with her long, delicate fingers. But looking at his cock, his beautiful cock, she didn’t feel like teasing him any longer.

She wrapped her mouth around his head again unable to resist licking his pee hole clean once more, before sliding her mouth down his shaft. She couldn’t go deep enough to suit her this way, not with the rhythm they had established, so she wrapped her hand around the base of his cock, or as much of it as she could hold, and stroked it upward as she brought her mouth down to meet it.

Perfect, she thought, perfect. Just like when his cock was buried in her cunt. Working its way deeper and deeper inside her, stretching her limits, filling her completely. Bringing her to orgasm after orgasm.

She felt her body shudder. Impossible. She was on the verge of cumming. His cock was beginning to twitch too. She stopped stroking the base of his shaft. Slid her mouth down his full length instead. Wrapped her tongue around his head each time she came up, cupping his cock head with her tongue, so she could capture his load on her taste buds, before letting it slide down her throat.

But she wasn’t able to. Her own orgasm made her shudder all over. Sending tiny contractions throughout her body. Making her tongue pause at the base of his head, just as it had started to renew its attack on his pee hole, hoping to steal the first droplet of his cum.

Her orgasm surged through him. A hundred thousand tiny, insistent, pressure points surrounding his cock. Her lips trembled against his base. Her tongue suddenly still and motionless against his silky flesh. Her proud head resting against his pubic bone.

Steve cum. Squirting cum down her throat. Almost making her choke. Until her tongue, her wonderful tongue, came back to life. Licking cum off his shaft, and head, while Sheila pulled forward just enough to swallow the next spurt, and the next, more easily. Licking him clean. Satisfied.

Unable to stand yet. Sitting at his feet, resting against his legs, wondering how long it would take him to open his eyes. Wondering if she dared close hers.