 Hope worked the numbers through her head again. She still figured she needed more cash saved up if she was really going to move out to L.A. and try to break into more acting or better modeling gigs. Things were O.K. here in Bay City but as her friends, Ashley and Lauren figured out school she needed to go her own way finally. 

School wasn't really an option for her or a desire. She was the very definition of beauty before brains and didn't pretend to care. Her grades had been mainly C's all thru high school, just like her mom who seemed to have done alright for herself by modeling and getting bit parts in commercials until she married money a few times. She and her mom used to joke, "Who cares about C's when you've got D's!" as they grabbed their full busts and laughed. Hope had even been held back a year before kindergarten as she was on the border for the age cutoff and her mom was in the midst of divorce number 1. Hope got a birthday card from her dad every year and saw him for a couple weeks but really he was more excited when she turned 18 and he was able to dump the child support payments to Hope's mom. Hope's 19th birthday would be coming up before the end of summer and she was feeling the itch to finally move away and see a more glamorous life. 

She didn't have a boyfriend at the moment which was odd for her. Her last boyfriend had been a friend of Lauren's older brother at the local college. He had been fun but the guy was such a dog, and cheated on her all the time. She had to laugh to herself about the irony of the treatment. The guy was certainly hot so it made sense that he was as narcissistic as her and didn't really care about her feelings. When she lay in bed thinking about it all, she could definitely see herself behaving that way. Lauren and Ashley each had guys they were seeing right now, leaving Hope with a lot of time to herself, although she had heard that Ashley's deal might be over. Something about Tyler's strict parents or something. Yeah, like Ashley was a girl a parent should worry about. That guy's mom would freak if she ever saw some of the stuff Hope strutted around in. 

The need to make money pulled Hope's wandering mind back into focus. She knew she definitely needed to improve her portfolio of pictures, her comp card, and get some updated shots to send out. She dug through her Blackberry looking for Esteban's number. He had photographed her for a muscle car magazine shoot a number of months ago and had really seemed to like her and had taken some great shots. Esteban had been the photographer she let suck on her tits a bit after he told her they were the best he had ever shot. Hope couldn't believe she had slipped up and told Ashley and Lauren the story while drunk at a party. She wasn't embarrassed about it just sort of surprised at how shocked they seemed. She tried to explain how horny she got at some of these shoots but it was hard to convey how much she enjoyed being complimented on her looks while teasing the camera. She thought about what people's reactions were to her pics and it turned her on to think that some guy somewhere looked at her photo and thought she was hot or even lusted after her. 

She found Esteban's number and dialed him, "Hi Esteban, it's me, Hope Carter, do you remember from the muscle car shoot?"

"Yeah, yeah, how could I forget? Fantastic shots, some great ones even. What are you doing now? You never called again so I thought you must be too famous from that shoot and moved on to bigger photographers," he laughed a bit, "No, I am only teasing but a girl as beautiful as you should be working every week, no?"

"Thank you Esteban, you are too kind. But that is why I am calling. I was hoping you could help me update my portfolio and comp cards. I want to start working more so I can save up some cash to make the move the L.A. so I need to build my resume and references. Do you have any time to help me out?"

"Let me see...hmm... for you I will make time." Flipping through his calendar he kept talking, "I have a potential shoot coming up where I have discretion from the buyer for whatever models I want to use as long as they portray the image he is looking for. We can talk about it later after we update your portfolio. Can you come by my studio on Saturday morning?"

"Sure Esteban!" Hope was relieved. "I can come by around 9 AM if that works for you."

"Sounds great. I'll see you then." He was about to hang up when he thought to ask, "Oh wait, Hope I need your measurements. I'll mock up a new comp card but also so I can order some stuff from the buyer for the potential photo shoot I may need you for. It is sort of a lingerie line."

"No problem." Hope calmly recited her measurements, hoping his order meant she was a shoo in for the job. " 34D chest, 24 waist, 33 hips. I wear a small panty or a size 4 dress if that matters. Anything else?"

"Nope, got it. See you Saturday."

"I'll be there, see you then. Bye."

Hope hung up and danced a little in place. Not only getting updated photos but also a potential bit of cash was better than she expected. It sounded like a photo shoot for a lingerie line of clothing, probably for a catalog. She didn't mind parading around in lingerie, she had done it enough times already and it can turn into easy steady work if they put out catalogs regularly. 

Saturday morning arrived and Hope rolled out of bed early to get ready and drive the hour plus to Esteban's studio. She had gotten pretty good an applying make up with years of her Mom's instruction it was probably her best fall back skill after her looks. She dressed casual knowing that multiple wardrobe changes would be necessary for the updates she needed. A pair of short short jean shorts and a simple LaCoste collared pull over shirt and fake jeweled sandals made for a comfortable simple look. She was glad her tan had improved since she really hadn't done much else this summer. Her brown skin contrasted the white bra she wore under the pink shirt and her legs looked muscular and long in the shorts. In the front, the bottoms of the pockets hung below the leg openings and the curve of her cheeks just peeked out the bottoms in the back. 

Esteban greeted her at the door with a hug as she dropped the duffel bag of clothes on the floor of his studio/house entryway. He held her at arms length and then twirled her around slowly, letting out a whistle as he approved, "You look fantastic Hope. Even better than before."

"Thank you, thank you again Esteban. This means so much to me. I mean I know you have all sorts of connections and probably have girls lining up to shoot with you so I really appreciate your time." Hope gushed as she was truly thankful but also loving having him slowly twirl her, allowing her to make a bit of a show sticking out her ass and chest, flexing her legs as she moved around. 

"Lets get you inside and get to work. I can't wait to shoot you again." He led her down the hall to the garage which had been converted to his studio. The windows were blacked out and a white reflective surface faced the impressive lighting set up. She saw the couch and big screen TV area separating what looked like an office at the back, near the rear exit. 

"The changing area is behind that piece of wall jutting out over there," he motioned toward a small hidden alcove. "I'll start setting up. Wear whatever you feel like updating first, bikini, casual, et cetera. I'll make the final adjustments when you come out."

Hope changed into her sun dress first. She went through the dresses she brought, her jeans and t shirts, her slinky formal wear and all the more modest sets. The morning was flying by. Esteban was great to work with, he directed her perfectly, strove for the best lighting, angle and poses and of course encouraged her with compliments and praise. 

Her final sets would be the bikinis and lingerie she had along. She saved these for last knowing it would hot in here now with the lights on this long and to make sure Esteban got a good look at her for consideration of this upcoming job. She took off her tight fitting sweater and bra, slipping into her white bikini with the belted bottoms. The triangles on top strained to contain her firm round breast which seemed determined to press out as she cupped them and fit them in. Walking out from the alcove she posed against the fake rock wall, placing one foot to the side on her toes as she bent her knee tilting her head back, letting her long blonde hair brush her back. 

Esteban looked up from his camera and smiled, clapping, "Bravo, Bravo girl. You saved the best for last I see." He stepped forward getting a closer look at her and suddenly frowned a bit.

"What?" Hope froze, "Why are looking so strange?" She was nervous as he stared at her chest. Guys always stared at her chest, especially in a swim suit but he had a look as if she did something wrong. She instinctively looked down, "What's the problem?"

"Nothing, nothing that can't be fixed." He smile reassuring. His dark hair pulled back in a pony tail and dancing dark eyes made him look serious yet helpful. Hope relaxed a bit. "It is a common thing really." His large hands covered her shoulders completely and felt warm from the camera and lights on her bare skin as he slowly turned her away from him. He let go and she felt the gentle tug on the bikini string in the middle of her back. Instinctively she reached up and cupped her chest holding the top in place as the strings fell away. 

"Relax, Hope. I am just going to retie your top so it isn't so tight. You girls always tie them on so tight it makes your boobs look like they are struggling to get out for air or worse, being completely choked off and uncomfortable. Just relax and let them settle into place and I will cinch it back up."

Hope exhaled and dropped her hands to her sides. She felt a twinge of embarrassment at not only having to be told something a model should know but at tensing up when he touched her and adjusted her top. It wasn't like he hadn't seen her topless before, he had even sucked on each of her breasts for a moment, kneading them and getting her completely aroused at their last shoot before calmly going back to his shooting. She wanted to be professional and not be concerned about nudity or his touch. She couldn't believe he had the ability to stop last time and that impressed her more than anything. 

She felt her breasts settle into place, hanging firmly with no support. They were large, larger than her handful but firm enough that they didn't really sag, just sort of jutted out from her thin frame and rib cage, like oversized fruit. It wasn't uncomfortable for her to go braless, but she did generate quite a bounce which always excited her easily hardened nipples. Esteban lifted the top and let it fall on her chest lightly, then loosely tied the strings again in back. Hope looked down, instead of seeing the flesh pressing out of the top and sides the small triangles rested on her tits, covering the nipples, but providing no support or constriction as they hung nearly free to move with her or bounce seductively. 

Esteban spun her back around, "Now isn't that more comfortable."

"Completely." Hope also added, "I knew I shouldn't have tied it so tight. I mean I've done this a million times and I know from last time my boobs are the best right Esteban? I don't really need the support." She joked playfully.

"How could I forget such perfection? But there is still a problem. Come over here and look in the mirror, you may not be able to see it beneath each perfect breast otherwise."

Hope stepped over to the large mirror near the big TV. Feeling her rather free chest bounce and sway as she hopped over cords and ducked under lights. She immediately noticed the dark red line where her earlier bra had dug into her skin along her bust line. The tight elastic had left indentions along the ribs from the hours spent wearing it. There was also another thin line where the tightly bound bikini top had left its mark on her. 

"You can rub the skin a bit to get rid of it but we should probably take a break until it goes away. No need to airbrush if we don't have too." Esteban offered. "I can get you water if you want to have a seat."

"Yeah sure, that'd be good." Hope replied as he left the room. She kept looking in the mirror and half turning to see the lines around her sides toward her back. "Dammit." She thought, "Nothing like looking like an amateur." Her mind raced a bit nervous she might screw up a good chance to make an impression a guy who could get her a lot of work. "Fuck it!" Her brain raced. "I know how to make sure I seem unconcerned about anything and relaxed." She reached back and untied the string, slipping the top over her head. "I can hang out topless and make sure no lines form, make it easy to rub away the old ones and show him I am unconscious of nakedness or amateur hour things like that."

She walked over and sat on the couch grabbing a portfolio of pictures to browse until Esteban returned. 

Hope bounced the foot of her crossed over leg as she non-chalantly paged the book of pictures of other models Esteban had shot. She relaxed and would have forgotten her own nakedness if she didn't have to look down over and between her pointed breasts to view the book. The models inside looked amazing in various fashion spreads, artistic nudes, magazine advertisements, billboards and trade shows. It was obvious Esteban worked a lot of paying gigs and had all the right connections. It was also why Hope didn't feel the least bit self conscious sitting here in a state of undress waiting for him to return. He had worked with so many women and been part of so many shots that he probably wouldn't even bat an eye at her. 

She had been a little surprised last time when he played with her chest a bit and even kissed her pink nipples but his self control to just stop and go back to work astounded her. She assumed most guys wouldn't stop there and she would have to draw the line but it was like it wasn't that big of a deal to him. She spent most of the rest of that day flashing him during changes and he seemed unconcerned with her. 

Esteban paused for a moment when he strode back in the room with a tray of fruit and water. He eyed her body for a moment and with a slight raise of his eyebrows exhaled deeply but quietly. "I see you made yourself comfortable."

"Yeah, I figured it would help get rid of the marks from that bra and didn't think you would mind." She jumped up fishing for another compliment or some reaction that she was hot, still hoping to lock down that job he mentioned. "Are they still the best you've ever shot?" She asked mockingly innocent as she ran her hands under her tits, lifting and letting them drop naturally again to demonstrate their perkiness. 

Esteban grinned widely, "Maybe even better the before if possible." His eyes remained focused on her chest, as if analyzing them, but also making no effort to hide his stare. "No tan lines, I like it, makes shooting in any dress, top, swim suit, or artsy pose look good." 

"Thank you Esteban, I love it when you compliment me like that. Keeps my confidence up so when I look through all these amazing photos I don't think you'll soon push me out the door for one of these other girls." 

Hope moved around the couch and wandered over to the office area where the desk was covered with pictures and started pushing a few around looking them over. She was aware of Esteban still watching her as she pulled a piece of her hair up and nibbled on the ends.

"My friends and I lay out on Lauren's roof, no one can really see up there from below and the only way there is through her bedroom window...Holy shit! I didn't expect that pic... and here's another.... "Hope pushed a few pics around into a line, "oh they're different like a series." 

Esteban moved over to look at the desk top, "Oh yeah, I was commissioned by Henri Alderson, the fashion designer, to do something sexy and provocative for his Miami Beach bedroom. Judging by your reaction I must have generated some emotion or hit some visceral feeling? How did I do?"

The three pictures were all shot from the same angle but using a very different model for each one. One woman was dark haired with deep blue eyes, another was black skinned with wide round eyes, and the third was Asian with heavy mascara accenting the corners of her eyes. The picture was a close up so that all you really saw was the woman's face with her eyes at the center of the shoot looking up directly into the camera intently. And she was deep throating a cock. Hope was initially shocked, she didn't know he took pics like that... so raw...so sexual. She couldn't take her eyes off them however. Cleary the shot was taken with the camera positioned on his stomach looking down, the women had all but a few centimeters of his cock in their mouth, bright red lipstick surrounding the flesh. His skin was smooth and barely visible in the shot, just that short bit before disappearing inside her stretched mouth. It evoked so many thoughts in Hope, power, submission, lust, and even a little fear. 

"I think you hit it pretty well. I look in their eyes and I can't tell anything about them... they look in control yet so submissive at the same time. Their all a little different from each other, but no body to go with the person, just eyes, mouth, and I guess your dick in their mouth." She laughed a little nervously as she talked about his dick out loud. "The only thing really different about each shot is the eyes, hair, and skin tone. It's definitely moving."

"I'm glad you think so. He offered me a lot of money if I could truly surprise him. Maybe someday they will be famous pictures that he shows off at parties and they get mentioned in magazines as designers tour his house." Esteban dreamed aloud. "So you like them?"

"Yeah, I have to say I do. I mean not just anyone could pull them off. I don't think most people would hang them in their living room, but Henri Alderson's bedroom? Yeah it makes sense."

Hope leaned over the pictures, hands on the desk supporting herself, focusing on the identities of the women. Her breasts hung down, nipples pointed like bullets. Esteban stood directly across the desk from her enjoying the view. 

"So who are the girls?" she asked. "Famous? Are they models I would know? I can't really tell who they are because their hair is slicked back and you can't see anything but the top two thirds of their faces." 

"Oh I can't divulge that secret. That's part of the mystery. Who are they? Should I know who they are?" Esteban mock questioned. "I want people to wonder everything and know nothing." Esteban waived his hands like a magician. "Maybe someday it will leak out and people will whisper, pointing at a woman... her there, she was one of the fellatio girls in the Esteban photos." 

He laughed at his own exaggerated jest. "One can dream I guess."

"When are you going to send them off?" She asked.

"Oh I don't know. I was originally only going to do the three but I got sidetracked a bit by #2 there, the brunette. I wanted to have the iconic blonde to go with the darker palette of the African and Asian women but when she offered to do the shot I couldn't really say no."

Mesmerized by the picturesque future Esteban described, Hope blurted before she could think or even realize she was doing it, "I'll do it!"

"Hope I would never ask you..."

She cut him off still somewhat excited and surprised at her own offer, "No I'm serious, I'll do the shot. I'll be your blonde. Nobody can tell who they are, and if it becomes famous... then so what? I'll be famous. It won't affect anything will it? I mean these girls aren't blackballed from anything. I won't be labeled a porn star or anything, nobody will have any idea. I'll be part of the mystery, and Henri will look at my face everyday."
