 Part 1

My very first sexual experience (other than masturbation) was a blow job. It wasn't intended to start out that way, but that's what happened. And that's actually another story!

By the time this particular blow job took place, I had lived in numerous places around the world, including many places where sex, nudity and overall attitudes are significantly more relaxed than what we experience (or at least, what we experienced in the past - the U.S. seems to be changing pretty rapidly!) here in the U.S.

In 1970 I was stationed in Taiwan. I was in the U.S. Air Force at the time and considered myself very fortunate that, although I was serving in SE Asia, it wasn't in Vietnam.

Brothels, steam-baths, bars and hookers were rampant in the city near where I was assigned. Sex was cheap (surprisingly often even free), plentiful and the locals were pretty damned blasé about it. For a moderately young (I was 26 at the time) guy who tended to stay pretty horny, it was a paradise!

It didn't take long to become acquainted with the local "offerings." I had barely a week or two under my belt and I was in the room of one of the airmen who reported to me (I was a sergeant) when a guy named Jack came into the room. He announced he was going to town to get a blow job, did anyone else want to go? So, off we went to town - about 14 miles away but easily accessed via a shuttle bus.

The shuttle bus took us to Wu Chan Lu (the "strip") where Jack and I got into a taxi. Jack rattled off the name of something (in Chinese) and we were off like something out of a comedy movie. Driving in Taiwan isn't quite as bad as driving in places like India, but it can be pretty invigorating!

Within just a few minutes we arrived at what looked like a pretty ramshackle building in the middle of an area that looked virtually devoid of Westerners. Jack was as calm as could be, so I figured everything was safe.

We paid off the driver and entered the building. We were greeted by a huge, fat woman. She had a huge grin plastered on her face and knew Jack like an old friend.

"Jack-san!" she exclaimed, "What you want?"

Jack held up two fingers and said "two blow jobs!"

Well, I considered myself pretty worldly-wise, not exactly a kid and I had experienced blow jobs before, but I just thought it was amazing that one could "order up" a blow job just like ordering up a ham sandwich!

The mama-san barked out something in Chinese and two young ladies appeared on the scene. Mama-san held up two fingers and said "two dollars, each." We forked out a couple of bucks and one of the girls took me by the hand and led me to a small bedroom.

With virtually no preamble, she motioned for me to sit on the bed, unbuckled my trousers and removed my trousers and underwear in a single motion.

She moistened her hand, stroked my cock, which was getting pretty hard pretty quickly, then bent down and took me in her mouth.

I found myself fascinated almost to the point of detachment. It seemed a lot more like a business transaction than a sexual encounter.

In another world, another environment, I might have been so pleasured that I would have had my eyes closed, relishing in the enjoyment of something almost taboo in the society I was familiar with.

But I propped myself up on my elbows and watched the girl sucking my dick. She was expressionless. She just went up and down at a regular pace, not that fast but not exactly slow either. Under the best of circumstances, I had about six inches and she had no problem taking me completely in her mouth.

It had been several weeks since my last orgasm so I was definitely ready and knew this wasn't going to take very long. It probably only took as long as it did because of the shock value. I didn't speak hardly a word of Chinese, didn't know if the girl spoke English and had no idea what the "protocol" was. 

About a minute or so later I could sense the signs that I was getting very close to orgasm. I mentally shrugged my shoulders. Most of the blow jobs I'd had in my life did not generally end with the girls letting me shoot off in their mouths.

That familiar tingling sensation started in my thighs and my stomach and started rapidly spreading, then focused strongly on my dick. It wasn't explosive, but it was strong. Just as I started coming, the girl glanced up at me and slowed down slightly with her sucking.

There was still this sort of surreal feeling; her blowing me in such a casual manner. Fortunately for me, my orgasm was not casual. As cum spurted out the end of my dick she just kept right on sucking at a casual pace. At that point, I figured that was probably the best blow job I had ever had.

Eventually, when I stopped spurting cum into her mouth, she stood up, turned to a sink behind her and spit the cum and saliva out of her mouth, then rinsed her mouth out and turned back to me.

She smiled at me, took me by the hand, opened the door and escorted me up the hall. She motioned for me to sit on a small bench there in the hallway and then disappeared.

A couple of minutes later my friend Jack showed up and we reversed the process: hailed a cab, rode back to the strip, caught the shuttle bus and went back to the base.

Jack was laughing on the way back to the base.

"I just think it's so fat. They're just so nonchalant about sex. I love it."

I was stationed there just a hair over a year and I came to love it as well.

Part 2

Down on the strip (Wu Chan Lu, which I think translated to Wu Chan Road) there was a bookstore. The Chinese were incredibly lax about copyrights. You could buy hard-backed books of popular, currently published fiction and non-fiction for prices that were cheaper than paperbacks in the base Exchange (military store). They were flimsy and printed on cheap paper and cost so little because the printers apparently didn't pay anyone any royalty fees. LP albums were the same.

You could buy an album at the BX (base exchange) for $2.35 USD. Downtown you could buy them for twenty-five cents! Again, they were dirt cheap because whoever produced the albums wasn't paying anyone any royalties.

Consequently, with cheap books and cheap records, the bookstore was a popular hangout. And, because it was a popular hangout, there was a bus stop at the edge of the bridge in front of the bookstore.

I can remember many a day, standing there, waiting on the bus to arrive so I could go back to my quarters on the base.

While standing there, it was not at all uncommon to be accosted by hookers, vendors selling food and some guys wanting to know if you were interested in "...dirty movies..."

For the most part I would flirt with the hookers, sometimes buy food from the vendors (until I once got really sick!) but I typically just shook my head at the guys asking about the movies.

One day, a friend of mine and I were talking about the guys pitching the dirty movies. He had been stationed there longer than I and he said they were fine. I was concerned that they were going to take me somewhere totally unfamiliar and roll me. The island of Taiwan was under martial law at that time. The U.S. Navy Shore Patrol and the Chinese military (Taiwan is also officially The Republic of China, not to be confused with The People's Republic of China - the Chinese on the mainland) pretty heavily patrolled things and the crime rate was very low. My friend's attitude was that if it wasn't safe, they would have been shut down long before that.

So that sort of set the scene so to speak.

Within another Saturday or two I found myself at the edge of the bridge, in front of the bookstore, waiting on the bus. Here came the "dirty picture" guys.

They had a moderately modern-looking small car. The two guys hawing the movies were halfway decently dressed and seemed smiling and polite. Because of the conversation with my friend, I thought "...what the hell..." and nodded that I was interested.

You would have thought I had bought the Taj Mahal from them. They were smiling and bowing, opened a car door for me, helped me into the car and we were off in a cloud of dust.

About five minutes later we stopped at a non-descript multi-story, wooden house. There was everything except a red carpet. They helped me out of the car, again bowing and smiling and motioning me inside.

We climbed what looked like some pretty rickety stairs to the next floor and they escorted me into a room that looked like a miniature theater.

There were three rows of benches about ten feet long and were arrayed like a small section of bleachers one might see at a basketball game.

One of the men who had brought me there leaned over politely and asked for "...five dollars." I coughed up the five bucks. Then, quietly, but suddenly, a bunch of people filed in through the door and took seats on the "bleachers."

"Wow!" I thought. "This is quite a twist!"

From an unseen doorway to my left, a moderately fat woman came into the room with what looked like one of those ubiquitous audio-visual carts I used to see in high school. There was a small movie projector on top and a collection of film cans on the shelf below.

The woman plugged in the projector, pulled down a screen on the far wall and threaded one of the films into the projector. The lights went down and we magically transformed back a few years. Instead of an electronics geek playing a training video for an auditorium full of students, mama-san's got a XXX-rated video pumping away on the screen. And all these other people - there must have been at least a dozen of them - are sitting there, placidly watching the movie with me! Bizarro!

It was almost comical.

The movie itself came into that category that a friend of mine many years later referred to as "...a smoker." He said when he was in college someone, from time to time, would come up with a movie that was so grainy it was damned near unwatchable any more, but they were typically full-blown, hard-core sex videos. The guys in the fraternity referred to them as "smokers."

The movie was grainy as all get out. It was in color, but that was about its only positive attribute. It was pretty hard to look at. The detail had been lost many years before. It had probably been run through the projector hundreds if not thousands of times. But it did get pretty sensual pretty quickly.

The opening scene was of a couple just getting married. There was very much a rush through the vows and then the newly wedded couple were magically whisked away to their honeymoon site.

In nothing flat, the groom was naked, the bride was naked and had her mouth glued to the groom's cock. By that time in my life I was very familiar with blow jobs. But hey! I was still a man and seeing a woman sucking some guy's dick was still capable of getting a rise out of me! Grainy or not!

Unlike some of the modern XXX-rated stuff I've seen, the guy started shooting off in her mouth in only about a minute. The gal accumulated his cum and then slowly let it fall out of her mouth all around the guy's cock. It was pretty nasty, but it was also pretty arousing. I was very conscious of my own hard-on.

The movie ran out, the lights came up just a little and mama-san put the film back in the empty can, pulled out another can and started threading it.

One of the guys who had brought me leaned over and asked if I wanted a girl. I asked him how much and he said "three dollars."

I forked out the three dollars. The guy disappeared. Mama-san looked around, took a puff off a cigarette and smiled at me. I smiled back, thinking how strange and fascinating this was. But it got even better.

Within a couple of minutes my guy returned and brought a girl into the room with him. She sat down beside me and all the rest of the people on the benches filed out of the room!

Mama-san got another movie going and the girl got up, then kneeled in front of me. She loosened my trousers and tugged everything down until my cock was waving in the breeze.

Initially, she concentrated on combinations of licking and sucking, alternating back and forth. When she licked, she licked like most of the Chinese girls I experienced. She didn't seem shy and she didn't seem to be in any particular hurry. Once in a while she would look up at me and just keep on licking and sucking my cock. 

There were times I felt detached, like watching someone else get a blow job. But she stayed nice and steady for several minutes. Then, she started alternating between licking and sucking my dick, then stroking me while she glanced around at the movie.

I have to honestly confess. By this time I had no idea what was being shown on the movie screen. Virtually every nerve ending I had right then was in my dick. And that little lady was doing quite a job between sucking, licking and stroking.

A few minutes later I surmised she was trying to time it so I would shoot off about the same time the guy in the movie did. I could have been all wet (no pun intended), but that's what it seemed like.

Within the next minute or so she got even move serious, making my cock wetter and wetter and stroking me firmly when she looked over her shoulder at the movie.

I glanced a couple of times, curious to see if the mama-san was watching. If she was, I missed it. She appeared to be concentrating on the movie, prepared to mount another reel if necessary.

Then, before I realized it, the movie was over and she had to thread another one. She glanced our way and pulled out another film can. While she was doing her thing with the projector, the girl blowing me kept a firm grip on my dick and stroked me very slowly.

When I felt the very first tingling indicator that I might be about to come, I put my hand on hers and stopped her from stroking me. 

Once another movie got going I moved my hand off hers and let her continue. It was apparently obvious to her that I was about to come. She started sucking a little faster and stroking a little harder. This time, when I felt the tingling sensation start I didn't touch her.

When I started shooting off into her mouth, instead of sucking like a banshee (which I hate!) she actually slowed slightly down. At virtually each pulse of my cock, as the cum would fire into her mouth, she licked around the head and the sensations were almost painful. I think I yelped a couple of times, quietly acknowledging one of the best blowjobs I've ever had.

Once my dick stopped pulsing cum into her mouth, she literally licked me clean. Then she gently stuffed my dick back into my pants. I zipped up, she left and the crowd filed back into the room. Amazing!

When the current film ran out (about three or four more minutes) mama-san looked my way. I shrugged my shoulders and the guys who had driven me over gently hustled me back out and drove me back to the bridge to wait for my bus.

Not exactly a story to write home to mom, but a damned fun time!

Part 3

Back at that time (1970 to refresh your memory) there must have been several dozen steam baths in Taichung. My favorite was called The Hong Kong Steam Bath.

For a whopping two dollars US you could get about 10 minutes in a steam cubicle, a bath with rinse and dry and a massage. Really, a bona-fide massage. I generally passed on the massage. I'm very ticklish and, typically, I wasn't there for a massage anyway!

The girls who ran the place used this really, really cheap perfume in the steam cubicle. You were given a towel and a place to hang your clothes. Then an attendant (always a woman - never saw a man in the place, other than a customer) escorted you to the steam cubicles. 

You sat on a small stool with a towel around the top to help hold the steam inside the cubicle - that's where they used the cheap perfume. But, after a trip or two there you sort of got used to the strange smell.

When my 10 minutes in the cubicle were up it was a wonderful relief to get out of the heat. I guess there's some actual medicinal value to a steam bath but it's beyond me!

Then you climbed up on a table that was waist high to the young lady and you got a genuine scrub-down. The girls used something like a cross between a big sponge and a luffa and you got a sudsy wash from head to toe.

I think it was probably about the third or fourth time of going there that I realized I had a hard-on during the bath. The girls had apparently seen that tons of time - it didn't seem to bother them in the least. They didn't spend a lot of time making sure your cock was clean but they didn't bypass it either!

After the wash came the rinse; in a tub of water that seemed barely a few degrees below scalding. Maybe there was something medicinal there too!

The drying part following the rinse was actually one of the most fun parts. Imagine getting dried off with a big fluffy towel where the girls had to carefully dry you between your legs without getting into some kind of sexual situation.

Then, when you were all dry, they'd escort you back to the little area where you undressed. At that point, you had the option of receiving a massage or paying another two dollars and Katie came with "the special." A blowjob.

It was often difficult to determine the age of the Chinese girls. Often, one who was 25 could pass for 15. We never knew. But Katie appeared to be about 25. And she was a pro.

Katie would typically come into the room, remove her top - I never saw her remove anything else - give you a peck on the cheek and climb between your legs.

Normally, since it was typically two weeks between "visits" it didn't take long. Katie knew what she was doing and I was usually more than horny enough that two or three minutes was more than adequate to create an exploding cock.

But this time, for some reason, I was in some sort of a wacky mood. I think I was moderately horny and I knew that Katie was an expert. She was one of the few women I've ever met who could use her teeth when giving a blowjob. She was a master at getting just enough teeth that you could feel it without biting down enough to irritate your cock.

Getting all of me in her mouth was no big deal either. As easily as she deep-throated me, I was willing to bet that the guys in Deep Throat couldn't scare her! She gave a genuine blow job as well. Virtually none of that pseudo BJ stuff where you're actually getting more of a hand-job than anything else. About the only thing you could feel with her hands was her firmly holding onto your cock.

Whatever the deal was that day, I fluffed up the pillow, put my hands behind my head where I could watch Katie and mentally asked myself how long a blowjob could take if I just lay there dispassionately. Uh, wrong-o big boy!

Apparently, Katie sensed my attitude. She undoubtedly had other customers as well and may well have had the attitude that spending an extra 10 minutes on me was not in her playbook. She sat up, holding onto my dick with one hand and looked me straight in the eye. Her other hand went to her mouth and she apparently seriously wet her forefinger.

Her hand then went down between my legs, behind my balls and, with a couple of fingers spreading my cheeks, she inserted that wet finger into my rectum. Despite my exploits of 3 ½ years in France and a number of months now in Taiwan, no one had ever put a finger (or anything else) up my butt.

At that time I'm not sure I even knew I had a prostate. But Katie did.

She started playing proctologist and got that finger far enough up my bum to gently massage my prostate and that was all she wrote.

There was a veritable explosion of cum. I had never, never felt anything remotely like that. It created the impression that all the cum in my balls had emptied in one huge blast.

I didn't scream, but the reaction essentially doubled me up. I sat straight up in the bed. There was no warning "tingle" like I usually get when I shoot off. I swear if Katie hadn't had her mouth over my dick the cum would have hit the ceiling! Honestly, in the many years since that day, I have had some explosive orgasms, but nothing like that afternoon.
