 Blow Jobs & Gardening Gloves: The Story Of A Sex Starved Horticulturist

As Alison finished up in the garden, she slowly removed her gardening gloves and reached back to let her hair down. Her long dark hair fell softly around her shoulders framing her face and her breasts in a manner few men could resist.

She let her mind slip back to earlier that day. She had had a very productive day in the garden. Not just one garden, but many gardens. Gardens that lined the driveway, flower beds that sprung out of nowhere, gracefully weaving their way along paths of stone that seemingly went on forever. Gardens everywhere you turned, practically her whole yard, and that was exactly the way she liked it. She loved being outside, her hands buried in rich dark soil. She loved everything about it, the smell, the feel. She liked to tease that it was almost as good as sex...but she knew better. 

Gardening was very therapeutic for Alison. One of the rare times she could clear her mind and not think about anything. It was mindless, and sometimes she needed that. To be free of everything and everyone. Other times though, Alison would let her mind drift, slipping in and out of fantasies. Like being caught up in a dream. 

Some might say she was sexually frustrated, but she knew better. She loved sex and was not lacking in that department. Her only problem was, she seemed to think of it all the time, and today was no different.

Today Alison had been especially preoccupied with it even though she was trying her best to keep busy. She had spent the night before with a friend. They had met on the premise of dinner. She'd known him for years, enjoyed his company, felt she could tell him anything. 

His name was Michael. They'd met thru friends, never really dated, but did share a common interest, sex, more specifically his cock. He was an interesting man and they'd shared many a deep conversation on life, and where exactly theirs were headed. But his best attribute, in Alison's opinion, was not his conversational skills. No, it was his big, not to mention delicious, cock. She loved it, couldn't get enough of it, dreamed about it. Then again, Alison had a great appreciation of cocks in general. They were her "thing." She loved them, the feel of them, the taste of them...and after years of extensive research, considered herself quite good with them. To which she was sure, many would agree--and she was right.

It was just something she was good at, giving head, pleasing men. She felt a certain power, she was in control, and maybe that was part of it. But mostly, she just loved giving head and the feel of a nice, hard, juicy cock in her mouth...and Michael fit the bill, and to a T.

They had finished dinner and as always ended up sitting in her car, talking. They always seemed to laugh. Alison loved to laugh, she needed to laugh. Her sense of humor was wicked, sometimes raunchy, and of course filled with sexual innuendoes. It wasn't that she tried, it was just that sex was so in her mind, so in her thoughts. It seemed to reek from her every pore and men picked up on that.

After a while Alison had stopped listening, her mind wandering, her eyes wandering. She watched his lips as he spoke, he had the best lips, and she couldn't help herself. Finally she leaned in and kissed him. He responded with a groan, and just that, and the warmth of his mouth were enough to send he over the edge.

She pressed her hands firmly against his inner thighs and slid them up until they found what they were looking for, what they needed. Still kissing, sucking Michael's tongue, sliding it in and out of her mouth teasing, she rubbed his already hard cock. She began to fumble with his belt but he beat her to it. She pulled away and watched as her prize sprang from it's confines. She took it in her hands and bent down slowly slipping it between her lips and into her mouth. She could feel her heart pounding and the heat inside her building. She ran her tongue from the base of his cock, to the very tip before plunging it into her wet and of course, eager mouth. 

After four years she knew exactly what Michael liked, she could read his every move, they seemed so in sync. She knew he liked to watch (didn't they all) so she cocked her head to one side as far as possible so he could look down and see as she swallowed him whole. She looked up the best she could, and smiled, she was playing him to perfection. 

He told her how great she looked doing it, and he was right. One of the things she loved about being with him was the intensity, his intensity. She really never experienced it with anyone else. She could actually come giving him head, that's how intense it was. Just the way he said her name, moaned her name. The way he ran his fingers thru her hair, and especially, the way he shoved her head down hard right before he finally came.

Thinking about it even now made her wet. She closed her eyes remembering, savoring the moment when he finally shot his load, how it felt as she let it fill her mouth before finally swallowing every drop. 

Usually when they were done they'd just collapse. Neither having the energy to move. Usually laughing and saying how they must be getting old. But mostly, just basking in the after glow. In the unbelievableness (that's not a word? well it should be) of it all. And it was, unbelievable, unbelievable that after all these years it was still so mind blowing. That she was still so desperate for his cock, maybe even more than ever. 

She didn't care that they had never made love, not once. Oh, they had come close, and she'd had many a fantasy about it. Sometimes all she wanted was to climb up on it, feel him so deep inside her, but she couldn't stop. Once he was in her mouth, she couldn't stop herself. Sometimes, in the middle, she would pull herself free long enough to slide up and steal a kiss. Michael's mouth would feel so wonderful, so warm, and it would seem to turn them on even more, but she couldn't stand it for very long and would slide back down between his legs even more desperate than before. So, what made this night so special, well, more special than usual? 

After giving him head for what seemed like forever, they had sat for a while, recovering, and ended up driving around, smoking, laughing. It was an exceptional evening, the weather better than it had been in weeks. But when she dropped him back at his car, and they began to kiss goodnight, she could feel the heat between them growing again. Which absolutely blew her mind. They stopped kissing and just looked into each others eyes and believe it or not, they did it again, or should that be she did it again? 

Twice in one night, it was a record, for them at least. She couldn't believe it, but she was loving it. And the second time, was even better than the first, and now the next day, it was all she could think about. When she recalled it even now, every suck, every lick, it sent a shiver down her spine and she found herself squeezing her legs together tight. Man, she really needed to get laid.