 We were lying in bed, the covers were someplace on the floor and the only thing covering your body were some soft gray boxers. I was still naked from your last touches and kisses. There was a warm silence covering, surrounding us, it wasn't uncomfortable, but I still felt like breaking it. 

I felt like hearing your laughter fill the room again so I ran my fingers over your warm skin. Slowly, gently, barely touching, but enough to make you squeal and twist from laughter, whenever my fingers reached the sensitive skin covering your tummy, on the back of your thighs, and under your arms. Within minutes my touches had made your skin sensitive and glowing all over and you were begging me to stop but I didn't. I just smiled and giggled and continued my little torture. In the end it became too much for you so you grabbed hold of my arms and pinned me down with your warm body. 

You screamed, "No more." 

You didn't sound angry at all so I couldn't resist teasing you a little more but since my hands were pinned down, I raised my head a bit and gave you a little lick, right in the corner of your armpit, and it had you wanting me. 

Even that gentle touch made you laugh. I could feel all of you so close to me, the scent of your breath, taste you on the tip of my tongue where it had touched your skin. The room started feeling so warm. You raised up as much as possible so I couldn't reach you with my tongue anymore.

Teasingly you asked, "What are you going to do now?"

An insane thought hit me and instead of licking, touching or in anyway having physical contact with you besides from where you were holding me down, I started blowing at your armpit, and to my great delight it turned you on. I sensitized your skin with all my tickling, to the point that even just by blowing on you I could tickle you even now.

I blew on you until my lungs were empty and you finally admitted defeat and jumped out of bed, not coming back until I promised to stop. 

"I promise no more tickling" I said with a smile.

You crawled back in bed with me snuggling up to you. The warm silence filled the room again. So intimate and hot, having you so close to me.. I was lying cuddled up to your back, gentling stroking your side and arms, following the amazing shape of your clearly defined muscles. Firmly toned, in sharp contrast to the soft female shapes of my own figure. 

I could feel my nipples gently brushing against your back as I stroked you, making everything warmer. I couldn't get enough of your body and warm skin. I started licking, letting my tongue wander around on your shoulder and arm, then moved a bit back so I could work on your back too. Letting my tongue play around, forming strange patterns, trying to surprise you with where the next touch was going to be. Slowly I started to blow on you again. First making your skin wet from kisses and licks, and then blowing on you slightly.

I noticed your skin forms goose-bumps from the wetness of my tongue. I continued all the way around on your back and shoulders and right arm, down to your firm round butt that always tempted me and made me want to touch it, bite, kiss, and even slap it. I gently pulled your boxers down and continued there, making sure no spot was left untouched by my tongue or lips. Your skin was so warm; it felt like it was burning. And so was I, my nipples like little hard buttons. I could feel the blood rushing around in my head and down towards my pussy. It made me so excited and wet to touch you like that. 

I stopped licking you and you turned around to me. Your eyes was glowing, filled with this intense desire that sent shockwaves through me and made me gasp for air. Your cock was so big and hard, standing so firm. I had never seen it so big. I could almost see it throbbing, see the blood pounding in it and there was a little drop of pre-cum on the tip of the head. You reached out for me, touching, grasping and caressing in a greedy way, like you couldn't get enough, wanting to touch and taste everything at once. I let you have your way for a little while, feeling your big, warm hands caressing my full breasts, kneading, kissing them.

Gently I rolled over on my back allowing you access to all of my body with my legs slightly spread. You didn't need much of an invitation, your hands eagerly slid down over my warm soft skin on my belly, down to the center of my being, down to my warm wet open pussy. Your fingers caressed me all over the lips of my clit and around the entrance without penetrating. Teasingly circling them around, feeling how I pushed my self down to see if I could get them inside me. But, each time you pulled them back. The greedy expressions in your movements and touches slowly started to fade and turned into smooth and careful attention to my pussy. Your tongue licked all over it. Playing with my clit, sucking on the lips, and back up to the clit again, in a painful slowness, dwelling on each touch and caress.

At last it seemed you had gotten your revenge. Covering my mouth in a warm kiss, you gently positioned your cock at my entrance, poised to slide in. The first thrust was insane, I could feel how my back arched, and how sounds I never meant to make escaped me when you pushed it inside. You pulled it out again, even though you had only been halfway in. Watching me as you gently pushed it in again. A bit more this time. Opening me up as you went in. And then out again. The third time you went all the way in. Filling my warm wet clean-shaven pussy up with more than I ever thought it could have handled. You closed your eyes as did I, just reveling in what happened. Now we started working together to the same rhythm. Faster and faster, harder and harder. You were fucking me so hard, pounding into me, enjoying my moans and squirms, admiring what you could do to me with your cock. 

Then it happened. Everything flashed before my eyes, all my muscles tightened and I felt a gush of wetness as I came. Unlike I had ever came before, so violently. 

You could feel it too, you stopped fucking me and I could hear you moan louder "Fuck baby, you're milking my cock with your pussy". 

It slowly passed and I could see again as the haze lifted from my eyes. You pulled your big, hard, wet cock out of me and asked, "Do you want to finish me off with your mouth?"

I smiled and laid you down on your back and crawled down between your legs. A sigh escaped your lips as you closed your eyes and my lips met your cock in a gentle kiss in thanks for what you had just given me. 

The skin on your cock was so soft and delicate and I could taste myself all over it when I started to lick it. Licking up and down and around on the head and below it. Lapping up my own juices as I first cleaned it off and then made it wet with my mouth again. Paying special attention to the head of your cock and balls, wanting you to feel all my love in each lick and touch. 

I guess you weren't in the mood for a long blowjob because you gently placed a hand on my head, pushing it down a bit.

You said, "Suck it baby." 

I did as you requested and took you in my mouth, sucking on the head, letting my tongue piercing slide around all over it while I sucked it up and down. I continued further down on you and you started to moan again. Sucking, licking, and kissing it. Bouncing up and down at a faster pace, sucking harder as I went along, applying suction onto the head and releasing. Rubbing my tongue all over it. Every time I felt your balls tense up, I immediately stopped, and started licking on them again. Cheating you out of your orgasm every time. Wanting this to last. 

And then in a quick inhalation, I took it all in, deep-throating you. I could feel it pushing on the walls of my throat. That was all you needed, and with a roar you exploded down my throat and mouth, almost choking me with your warm salty cum. Struggling to swallow it all, but some ran out of my mouth, over my lips and down over your cock. I continued to lick and suck you until I had lapped up all of the cum I missed at first and you were all clean again and breathing normally. 

Your cock was still hard, so I gave it a little kiss then crawled up into your warm embrace. Even though it was only 3pm, we were both exhausted and about to fall asleep. I think you kissed me and told me you loved me before I drifted away. But you didn't need to tell me, I already knew. 

-SparkZ!