 I kneel at your feet, my hands on your knees, and slowly spread your legs. Your beautiful cock nestles there above your balls, flaccid and flopped to one side, recumbent. As you reflect on what I'm about to do, it stirs slowly, awakening, extending ever so slightly, the head of it emerging from its thick hood of skin. I contemplate how it looks like a large pink snail sliding out of its shell.

My hands move slowly up over your thighs, the dark hairs rasping against my palms, until my fingers skirt your genitals. Your cock is now semi-erect. It gives a brief twitch and springs up in front of my face as if to greet me.

'Hello there,' I say back, and give it a little kiss - right on the tip.

I grasp the base of your penis with my fingers and apply a little pressure. This makes it swell even more; it hardens and stretches out, the bulbous head gleaming like a piece of polished, coloured marble. 

Overwhelmed by a sudden desire to have you in my mouth, I sink my lips down upon it, swallowing it all in one go. My nose nestles into your coarse pubic hairs and I can smell the musky scent of your balls rising from below. I love that smell: the thick, pungent odour of sex. That smell can fill a room. It can permeate your clothes and let everyone know you've been fucking. Right now this smell is filling my nostrils, sending tingles through my nipples and down to my pussy. 

You push your hips upwards slightly, and I feel your cock pressing at the back of my throat. Don't worry, I'm too experienced to gag. When I pull you out of my mouth the whole shaft is wet and glistening, completely coated with my clear saliva. I use this to wank you, rubbing up and down the whole length of your beautiful cock.

'Is that nice?' I ask, a naughty smile on my lips.

You merely nod in reply, then guide my mouth back to your prick. I take it between my lips again, all the way down to your balls. I delight in the way your fleshy hardness completely fills my mouth, warm against my tongue and cheeks. With the entire length of your cock inside my throat, I lick around your balls and realise that you've very recently shaved the base of your penis. The skin there is smooth and fragrant. I grasp this area with my fingers, touch its velvety softness. I then start sucking you slowly, moving my lips up and down the shaft, gripping you firmly at the base. I glance up and see that your eyes are closed and that your face is relaxed in an expression of total bliss.

Do you like this, then? Do you love the sensation of my warm, wet mouth fucking your cock? You must be enjoying it, since you're unbelievably hard and throbbing; your prick is like a rod of iron, ready to shoot its molten heat inside my waiting throat. But not yet... 

We've only just started.

I take your penis out of my mouth and admire its length and thickness. It is covered in a shining layer of my saliva, which catches the light attractively and gives it a delightful sheen. I lean forward and run my tongue from bottom to top, pausing to lick around the helmet before following the thick underside back down again. I do this several times, using a tight grip to keep you fully erect, and then focus my attention on your glans. There is already a big, clear droplet of pre-cum welling up in the little eye of your helmet. I lick this away, tasting its salty cleanness, then start sucking the tip of your penis alone, using my tongue on the underside to stimulate you. With my right hand I wank you off, tugging back and forth on the rock hard shaft as it strains in my tight grasp. My long blonde hair cascades over your right thigh; you react as it tickles your skin delightfully. To your alarm it falls forwards and obscures my face for a moment, but don't worry: I use my spare hand to tuck it back over my ear. Is that better? Can you see what I'm doing more clearly now? Good. I can continue.

I bet you want to come in my mouth, don't you? Is that what you're thinking about? Do you want to see those warm, pearly jets squirting over my tongue, only for me to swallow it all for you? Okay, then. You just keep thinking about that while I suck long and hard on that lovely hot cock of yours...

I'm working faster now, rubbing and sucking with greater speed and passion. My mouth is wet and warm around your throbbing shaft and I occasionally use my teeth to send a tense thrill coursing through your body. With my left hand I massage your balls, which have tightened and formed a hard bunch underneath your penis. I scratch them gently with my nails, caressing the downy hair that covers them, before running my fingers downward to play in the sensitive area around your asshole. My unexpected touch in that most intimate of places makes you react and twitch in my mouth, and you move your hips slightly to encourage me further. Taking my cue, I push one fingertip carefully into the opening of your anus. It's dry and a little stubborn, so I have to work my finger gently inside. It doesn't take long. When the little mouth of your ass opens for me, I slide my finger inside, right up to the knuckle. The sensation of it makes your cock even harder -- if that were possible -- and I feel it pushing insistently at the back of my throat. 

All the while I've continued sucking you, working my tongue and saliva around your shaft and waiting for that tell-tale stiffening that precedes the male orgasm. The finger in your ass has certainly spurred things on. I can feel you writhing on the bed and can hear you moaning in pleasure. Right now my eyes are closed because I'm concentrating on the twin task of sucking your cock and fingering your asshole, but I can imagine what you look like in the throes of ecstasy.

I'm pretty wet now myself, and can feel the moisture forming on the outer lips of my pussy. I want to touch myself so badly but want for a free hand. I'll just have to be satisfied with the sensation of the cool, summer air against my slick vagina, waiting until I've taken care of you first.

Finally, I sense that you're about to come. Your cock has achieved unbelievable stiffness and has that quality I recognise as being immediately pre-orgasmic. I increase the speed of my hand and the up-and-down motion of my bobbing head. I suck harder. My finger curls upwards to press on the soft wall of your anus. I flick my tongue against the underside of your shaft and helmet. 

I expect you're gripping the sheets with both hands now, right? Eyes closed, teeth clenched, face screwed up in pleasure? I bet your toes are tingling, too. And your nipples. Oh, yeah... I reckon you're just about to come, don't you?

I'm right. I know exactly when Mount Vesuvius is going to erupt. On the last upward movement of my head I pause, the tip of your cock at the front of my mouth, and wait for the explosion of hot come over my tongue. My timing is absolutely spot-on. Right on cue, you shoot a thick jet of semen into my mouth that is so powerful it hits the back of my throat. This is followed quickly by another, and another, as your gushing member keeps unloading into my waiting mouth. I don't swallow yet, just collect the pool of semen at the back of my tongue until you've finished. 

My, what a lot of sperm! By the time I've squeezed out the last drop my mouth is absolutely full! Carefully, so as not to lose any of your precious semen, I remove your penis from between my lips and hold your come in my mouth, cheeks bulging. I swish it around, savouring its tangy, salty taste. I hold my mouth open so you can see it, gargle playfully and laugh, almost letting it slip out. Silly girl! Just be sensible and swallow it! And so I do just that, enjoying the feeling as your load slides down my throat like a large oyster. 

'Ahh!' I say in delight, and stretch out my tongue to show you it's all gone - like a good girl. 

Your sperm has coated my tongue, the inside of my cheeks and throat, and its tanginess lingers in my mouth. Like most semen it has a minty aftertaste. I notice that you're going limp in my hand, your penis flopping to one side like a drunken homunculus. A dribble of clear semen runs down the back of my hand and I bring it up to my mouth to lick it up eagerly. Then I take your deflated cock between my lips again and suckle lovingly on it, tasting the last remnants of your sperm on my tongue.

'Mmm,' I say as I slip a hand downwards to touch myself.

Now it's my turn!