 ***Thanks again to svetla naj for helping with edits***

*****

"How are we going to make this fair," Julie said to the others.

Four best friends sat together discussing their latest competition. They seemed to always be competing and trying to outdo each other. It was late at night and they were together in a dorm room belonging to two of them.

"What do you mean fair? Are you worried you don't have it?" Samantha asked.

"No, that's not it at all. I know I'm the best but it's going to be difficult to prove it to you all and keep it fair."

"Fine, I agree with fairness so what do you suggest?" Becca asked.

"Well, think about the problems associated with this competition. Not every guy is the same as you know. We can't ask them to judge because we can't trust them to be honest."

"True. This has to be completely based on talent. Not looks or the guy's opinion or any other factor for that matter. Just pure skill," Rachel said.

"Exactly... so how do we do that?"

"Well it has to be the same guy then. We just can't get four different guys and see who wins. They are too different. They will like different styles proving nothing."

"True but how do we know who wins with just the one guy if we can't take his opinion?" Becca asked.

"We could blindfold him, then he wouldn't know which of us is sucking him," Sam suggested.

"That won't work. Guys are visual creatures. Part of their excitement is watching. They get off quicker the sexier you suck them. Thrust me," Becca said, grinning.

"Well then that's our way of knowing who wins. Whoever can get this one guy to cum first wins. We'll time all of us separate and the best time wins," Julie said.

"Okay, that sounds good but we'll still have to take time between matches into account. I mean the guy could have not cum for a week and the first girl that goes will have a much easier time getting him to blow," Becca said.

"Good point. We're going to have to find a guy that is willing to drop a load for us, wait a specific time before the first girl goes and then wait the exact same time to the next and so forth," Sam said.

"Right!"

"Okay, then we have our rules. I think we should make him cum and then wait three days and promise not to have sex or toss off between each girl."

"That's not all the rules we need. That's just the guy part. We need to set rules for us. Now is this going to be only a blow job competition. What I mean is... what can be used in this blowjob? Can Samantha use her huge tits to get the guy off or does this involve only mouth? Hands and mouth? Get my point?" Julie asked.

"Yeah, we get it... thanks for all that visual wording... now I'm horny," Samantha said.

"You're always horny!" Julie said, making the other's giggle.

"Well, I don't have huge boobs like Sam so I think tits should be left out," Rachel said.

"Does that mean I can't even take my shirt off?" Sam asked.

"No, you can show them but just can't use them to get him off. We should be allowed to remove as much clothing as we want."

All the girls were very confident about their bodies and none of them argued about this point.

"And what about hands?" Sam asked. "Should this be all about our talent with our mouths or can we stroke and play with his balls."

All the girls paused and thought about this for a second. Each thinking in their minds how much they used their hands when sucking a guy off.

"I think hands should be left out. Anyone can stroke a dick but it takes a special talent to get a guy off with only your mouth," Rachel said.

"That is what we had in mind when we thought of this competition, right?" Julie asked.

"Yeah, it is. So we all agree? No hands, not tits, just mouths and nothing else?" Sam asked.

They all agreed. 

"Great. Now we just have to find a willing participant. Any suggestions."

"It can't be any of our boyfriends or anyone we've sucked before."

"Right, that could sway the decision or give the girl an unfair advantage."

"So we need to find a willing guy none of us have been with before."

"That could be tough," Sam said, making everyone laugh.

"What about that new guy in biology. He just transferred here from UConn," Rachel said.

"Right, I think his name is Brandon. He would be perfect!" Sam said, excited.

"He's hot as well," Becca added.

"Very. Think he'd be game?"

"Only one way to find out."

**

The four friends didn't waste any time, all excited to prove they were the best at sucking cock and determined to prove their superiority. The very next morning they waited for Brandon to arrive in biology, hoping he'd come a little early before class started. He did. He looked good as always with dark hair, deep brown mysterious eyes and a muscled body with the nicest ass in the entire class. All four of them approached him before he took his seat but they let Julie do the talking."

"Hey, Brandon... would you mind talking to us after class for a sec. We have a proposition for you."

Brandon looked a little stunned. The four women standing before him were hot, and dressed to show that fact blatantly. Two blondes and two brunettes with smoking hot bodies, especially the blond with the huge rack, waited for his answer. It took him a few seconds to even find his voice to respond.

"A proposition? What does that mean?"

"Trust me it will be worth it," Sam said, catching him eyeing her breasts.

"Okay... I guess. After class?" he asked.

"Yeah, we'll talk to you then," Julie said.

They all gave him their best smiles. He nodded and almost tripped getting to his seat and nothing had been in his way. The four friends were excited and this hour of biology dragged on longer than any day before. When it finally ended they stood among the crowd of students as the large class began to file out of the room. Brandon hung back as did they until they were standing together with just a few stragglers hanging around in the room to ask the teacher a question.

"So what did you guys want to talk to me about?"

"We should go somewhere a little more private," Julie said.

This made Brandon's eyes widen and his Adam's apple move as she swallowed hard. He followed the four hot chicks out of the room, checking each of their asses out along the way. He was blown away by all of them. They were each different but very fine in their own way. They found a spot out on the lawn away from prying ears where they could propose their plan to him.

"Okay, Brandon... I'm just going to come out and just ask you this because there is no other way to put it. We like to compete... like in everything... and well we all think we can suck cock better than all the others and we need your help to find out who is the best. Are you willing to help?"

Brandon almost passed out. His mouth had dropped open and he looked like a deer in the headlights of an oncoming semi. None of the girls said anything but they all were grinning with his reaction.

"You guys are fucking with me, right? This is just a joke to mess with the new guy?"

"We can see why you might think that. But no. We choose you because you are a new guy and someone none of us have done before."

"Yeah, we're totally serious. We've got it all planned out if you're game," Samantha said, pushing her tits forward past Rachel and Julie.

"This is crazy!"

"Crazy lucky for you!" Rachel blurted.

"We need an answer, Brandon. Are you willing to help us find out who can suck you off the fastest?"

"Umm... so that's the plan. I'm not going to make the call on what feels the best? You're basing everything on the amount of time it takes me to cum?"

"Yep, and we have all the particulars worked out."

"Particulars?" 

"Yes, like time between sessions and stuff like that."

"I see... so you want a fair competition," he said.

"Exactly. But you still haven't said yes," Julie said.

"How could I say no?"

"That's the spirit!" Becca said. "So we should tell you how it's going to work."

After the girls explained the completion and when they wanted him to meet with them later that evening, Brandon walked away in disbelief and his head spinning. What they had proposed was insane to him and he still thought they were messing with him. He fully expected to meet them and have some big joke played on him for showing up. But the chance of it being for real was too much of a draw and against his better judgment he showed up at their dorm room right when they had asked him to.

**

The four girls heard the knock on the door and the time had come. Julie jumped up and answered it.

"Oh good, we were a little nervous you wouldn't show," she said, seeing Brandon.

"Yeah, well I'm here."

"Come in."

Brando walked in and Julie shut the door behind him, following him to the middle of the room between the two beds Julie and Becca had in their room. The three girls sat on the beds and Julie joined Sam on hers as Brandon stood in the middle wondering if he was dreaming.

"Okay, as we said earlier, none of us are going to suck you today because we need to get a base start to the competition to start with. So basically we just need you to cum for us today and then promise not to have sex or masturbate for three days," Julie explained.

"And if you fuck up and just have to drop a load in that time please be honest and tell us. We really want to be fair about it. We know guys have urges and we won't be mad as long as you're honest," Sam said.

"Sound good?" Rachel asked.

"Yeah, I'll be honest. So what... you just want me to masturbate right now in front of you guys?"

"Or we could help you if you need assistance," Becca said.

"Yeah, we just won't use our mouths until the real deal."

Brandon could not speak or move and the four women could tell he was stunned. He just stood there among them not knowing what to do with himself.

"You're nervous. Don't be... we'll help you relax," Julie said and stood up.

She began to undress right in front of everyone and shortly the other three followed her example. Brandon could not believe his eyes as he watched these four fine ass woman strip before him. He didn't know where to look there was so much going on. His cock enlarged in his pants faster than ever before as he viewed each woman taking her clothing off for him. They got down to just bras and panties and his cock was throbbing. The jugs on Samantha were phenomenal, practically spilling out of her bra for him. They all had incredible tight bodies; any of them were hotter than anything he'd fucked before.

Julie had nice breasts; probably a C cup and her abs were unbelievable. Rachel was tall and thin with long legs and thin arms with small round breasts. Becca was bigger boned with an athletic build and breasts just a little bigger than Rachel. Samantha was by far the most voluptuous and endowed. Her hips matched her large breasts and it was difficult for Brandon to pin point which woman was the hottest. If he had to pick he needed more time.

"So are you just going to stand there and stare at us or are you going to show us what we have to work with?" Sam asked.

He finally moved, pulling off his shirt and showing them his tight abs and strong chest and arms. This was nice but they wanted to see the main attraction so they could begin to plan on what they could do to him. He unbuckled his belt and worked on his button and zipper until his pants gathered around his feet. All of them could tell he was going to be impressive by the tent he had in his boxers. A couple licked their lips as they waited with angst for him to pull down his stripped boxers. Finally he eased them down over his cock and all the women smiled with approval. He was above average with plenty to work with. Probably seven or eight inches and the girth to match and he had trimmed his hair very short.

"Very nice, Brandon... we picked the right guy for sure. Now do you need help getting off or can you do it yourself?" Julie asked.

"What kind of help are you offering?" he asked, gaining a little nerve.

"Well, we can play with ourselves and each other for some visual stimulation if you need more than this?" Rachel said.

"Or, we can stroke it for you if that's not enough," Becca added.

"How about both?" he said, getting really brave now.

"Oh wow, listen to him... I think we've got a player on our hands, girls," Samantha said, walking toward him.

She reached down, still standing, and grabbed his wide cock roughly. Brandon flinched and moaned at the same time. She gave him one long stroke, staring at his face as she did.

"He's not going to last five minutes," she laughed. "He's as hard as a rock!"

"How long has it been since you came last?" Julie asked, coming forward as well.

She took his cock from Sam and felt his hard shaft, adding her other hand to his tight balls.

"Umm... a few days... I don't know really."

"You don't know? Been a while then," Julie giggled. "Oh yeah, he's going to blow really fast," she said, giving his cock a hard couple of strokes, moving the loose skin up and down his shaft.

"Samantha, let him fuck your tits... that should get him off really fast," Becca said from behind Julie and Sam.

"Would you like that? Do you want to fuck my big tities, Brandon?" Sam asked, grabbing both of her breasts and pushing them together until the nipples showed above the bra.

"Fuck yeah!" he answered staring at her huge jugs.

Becca came forward and unfastened Sam's bra from behind without asking. Sam giggled and let her bra fall from her large breasts, revealing them to Brandon. His eyes widened and his cock lurched in Julie's hand.

"Oh shit, he likes them. His cock is going nuts."

"Sit on the bed," Sam said.

Brandon obeyed quickly and sat on the edge of Julie's bed with his cock oozing plentifully by then. Sam knelt down between his legs and leaned over, wrapping her massive breasts around his hard cock. She then spit down onto his head, letting her saliva run down his shaft to meet her fleshy mounds. She spit more as she began to move her breasts up and down along his shaft. His head disappeared through her cleavage only to reappear as she dropped down again. Brandon leaned back and basked in the pleasure of her tits fucking his cock. He had never been so excited in his life. Surrounded by four hot girls and having the pleasure of titfucking one of them, was like something out of the best dream ever. He was so excited he didn't last the five minutes like Sam had said. Hell, he didn't last two. He didn't warn them either, his cock just suddenly exploded and shot a rope of cum high into the air that landed on his chest. A few spurts got caught in Sam's cleavage, adding more lube as she continued to rise and fall with her boobs around his cock.

"Oh, shit, he's cumming already!" Rachel screamed.

Brandon continued to spew his load all over with long white ropes spraying Sam's neck and face whenever his head was unobstructed by her jugs. He had a surprising amount of semen to give and all the girls cheered and hollered as his cock sprayed and sprayed. Sam's large breasts were covered as well as a few stripes on her face. Brandon had caught the majority of sperm and was drenched in his own effluent by the time his cock finally eased down and oozed out the last small globs of semen. Sam released his cock which fell with a slap onto his stomach amid the puddles of semen.

"Damn, that's a shit load of cum. Good thing we did this or the first one to suck him would have won for sure," Rachel said, turning to find a towel.

"We might want to make him cum again before he leaves just to make sure he's empty," Becca said.

"Oh, he's empty!" Sam said, wiping his cum off her face.

The rest laughed as Brandon recovered with deep breaths on the bed. He had never cum that much in his life, nor had he fucked a more perfect set of tits before either.

"Okay, you're probably right; he has to be empty after that load. So now you can't cum for three days. Meet us here at the same time for the first blowjob. You won't know who's first until then," Julie explained.

Rachel handed him a towel and he cleaned himself off, his cock going soft. He dressed and the girls watched him leave, stopping him one more time.

"One more thing, Brandon... you can't tell a soul about what we're doing together and about the competition... we wouldn't want it to get out that we're all sluts," Sam said, before laughing with the rest of them.

He didn't say a word so blown away by what had just happened to him.

"Damn that was hot shit. I'm so fucking wet after watching that. I'm going to have to cum before I can sleep tonight," Rachel said.

"Same here. He's got a nice cock. I can't wait to suck it," Becca added.

"Now we need to find out who is going first. We should draw the order from a hat," Julie said.

"It was so hard not to put him in my mouth when I was doing that. I almost did several times," Sam said, cleaning her chest off with the same towel.

"Good thing you resisted. That would have tainted the contest."

"I know that's why I didn't, but it wasn't easy. You think you're wet... I'm dripping down my legs after titfucking him."

The girls didn't bother dressing and remained in their bras and panties while Julie wrote their names on small pieces of paper. Samantha replaced her bra over her spectacular breasts once they were cleaned off.

"Okay... who's going to draw?" Julie asked.

"I'll do it?" Becca responded first.

Julie held the hat up high and Becca pulled the first name out and unfolded it.

"Damn! Rachel's first."

Rachel beamed with excitement and Becca pulled another name.

"Followed by, me and then Sam and finally Julie."

"Okay... we have our order, may the best woman win," Julie said

**

Brandon left the girls dorm in a daze. He thought for sure he would wake up any second with his boxers sticky and wet from his nocturnal emission but what he had just experienced was real. Transferring from UConn to his new school was the best decision he had ever made. The girls here were crazy hot and wild. Just one of those four would have made his life perfect but to see all four of them in their underwear and then to have the bombshell use her tits to make him cum was mind-blowing. He had no idea why he had gotten so lucky and hit the jackpot. Three days to wait and he'd return to get sucked off by one of them. He loved competitive women.

He couldn't stop thinking about what had happened and how much his cock had put out. He knew it was the excitement of them moment and it had been quite a while since he came since he didn't have a girlfriend yet. Living with guys in a dorm room wasn't very conducive to tossing off either, so the large load made sense. But even then this load had been legendary. He wondered how long he'd last in three days and how much he'd shoot then. Brandon decided to let their skills speak for themselves and not try and taint the competition by anything he could do. He'd follow their rules and resist any urges to cum. They were all so damn hot he didn't think seeing them naked while they sucked him would make any difference between the four. It was all going to come down to skill and how good they were at sucking cock. Brandon was stoked.

Just like with any exciting upcoming event, time dragged. Those three days passed very slowly for the girls as well as Brandon. The four asked him every day how he was doing and if he had slipped up on the abstinence. He assured them he had not and everything was on schedule. They still wouldn't tell him which girl was first. The excitement was killing him. It was difficult to focus on his school work because his mind kept wandering to the upcoming blowjob. Once his mind wandered, he'd imagine all four girls separately, sucking him off. This in turn would get him rock hard and the urge to toss off was high. The biggest struggle came in the shower when he was washing himself and already had a hardon from the morning wood. Trying to keep his hand off his shaft was a chore and only made the days pass slower.
