 As Brandon was leaving the girls dorm house he bumped into a large student and recognized him as one of the football players. Ryan he thought his name was. He quickly apologized to the oversized jock and darted away before anything was said. Brandon's head was spinning still and was why he had accidentally collided with Ryan. He was wrapping his head around what he had just done. The blowjob from Rachel was phenomenal and the load he had dropped was again spectacular. His cock was still hard as he walked back to his own dorm room. He couldn't stop thinking about the blow and then fucking her perfect, skinny body, doggy style as hard as he had. He wanted to cum again, wanted to jack-off as soon as he got back to his room but knew he couldn't. His cock would just have to go soft the slow way and he hoped his balls didn't ache too badly from not being allowed to release again.

It was only three days. He could wait again. He wondered which one would be next, hoping the same thing would happen and after the blow he'd get to fuck the mystery woman. These thoughts did not help his cock go down. He had homework he needed to do. He thought after the release he'd be able to concentrate and get some work done since he had neglected it with thoughts of that night. Focusing his mind on school, he pushed the thoughts of sex away and the next girl, buckling down to his studies.

**

Rachel was scarcely dressed when the knock sounded on the door. Julie answered it and Ryan asked her if Rachel was there since she wasn't in her own room.

"Yeah, I'm here, babe. What's up?" Rachel said, looking around the room with a 'damn that was close' look.

"I couldn't find you? There's a big game tomorrow, remember?" he said.

"Oh, yeah... I forgot."

"I thought so. We should go now. I want to get as much sleep as possible."

"Okay. See you guys later."

The three girls watched Rachel leave with Ryan, most not knowing what this was about. After they left Julie asked Sam, who rooms with Rachel, a question.

"What's the big deal with a game tomorrow?"

Sam said, "Oh, you guys don't know?"

The other two shook their heads and Sam continued. "It's his little ritual now. I guess he thinks if he has sex before a big game he'll have good luck. Apparently they had sex before playing Stanford and beat them, so now he's got Rachel putting out for luck."

"Oh my hell. Typical guy," Becca said.

"Rachel doesn't usually mind. Today maybe different since she just got pounded by Brandon," Sam said.

"Think Ryan will be able to tell?" Julie asked.

"He may... I don't know... I'm not a dude, but from what I've heard from Rachel he doesn't have that big of dick so after Brandon's he may find her a tad loose."

"Got to be the steroids. I heard they shrink guy's dicks," Becca said.

"Well, let's hope Ryan doesn't figure it out... that could be really bad. He outweighs little Rachel by over three times," Julie said.

"She'll be fine, probably just suck him off tonight anyway," Sam said.

**

After her orgasm and sex with Brandon, Rachel wasn't really in the mood for more sex, nor did she want Ryan to find out she had just had sex. She doubted he'd notice anything but she didn't want to take any chances.

"How about a blowjob tonight, babe?" she asked Ryan.

"But we always have sex before a big game. Can't break the pattern."

"Maybe it's not just the sex but you getting to cum."

"Don't really want to find out. We're undefeated and I want to keep it that way."

The two of them were back in his room. It was much nicer than hers, bigger and he didn't share it with anyone. One of the perks of being a big football star. She was sitting on his desk, already naked while he was taking his own clothes off.

"You can still suck me if you want but we have to have sex too."

"Fine," she said dropping to her knees in front of her boyfriend.

She reached up and grabbed his short cock and stoked him a few times with one finger and her thumb. She still couldn't get over the weird visual of such a giant guy with a below average penis. Before she saw it she had always assumed it would be proportional to his size but wasn't even close. Brandon's was probably twice as big. Sucking Ryan's was child's play compared to deep throating Brandon's. She leaned forward and inhaled Ryan's dick, taking him into her mouth with ease and even sucking one of his balls into her mouth. As she worked she thought she might be able to get him to cum quick and then he'd lose interest in sex. There was no reason to use her hands on his shaft, no place to hold onto him and suck at the same time, he was pretty tiny. It didn't even hurt her mouth since she didn't have to open very wide.

Rachel bobbed and sucked rapidly and Ryan's little penis throbbed and oozed in her mouth the more she worked. His nut sack tightened and she though she almost had him cumming right before he pulled away from her.

"Better stop you before I cum."

She stood up a little frustrated but not showing it. He picked her up like she weighed nothing at all and carried her over to his unmade bed. He dropped her onto it and got down on his knees. She stopped him from eating her, not wanting him to taste Brandon, by pulling him by the hair over her body instead.

"I'm ready for you," she said.

He smiled, placing two enormous arms on both sides of her and easing his muscled body onto hers. He had a great body, handsome square jaw face and would have been the perfect guy if his cock matched the rest of him. That was the one bad thing about guys. You never know what you're going to get and the outside packaging gives no hints. His little penis slipped easily into her sex and he thrust the few inches of length he had until his body hit hers. She could barely feel him; especially after Brandon's massive cock had pounded her so hard and deep.

She began to moan for effect. The more she acted like she enjoyed it the faster he would cum. She very rarely came when she and Ryan had sex. The only time she did was when she played with herself during. She was in the wrong position, on her back, to do much with him on top of her. She didn't try, just lay on her back and rubbed his forearms with her hands. He had plenty of energy and motion, just the size was the problem. Squeezing her muscles, she tried to tighten herself up for him to get the friction he needed, but it was a lot of work and she was already tired and her muscles were weak from the intense contractions from Brandon. Several minutes passed.

"That's it, babe. Give it to me... I want you to cum!" she urged him on.

Ryan increased his speed; she could see small glimmering spots of perspiration began to appear on his tan muscled body. She liked looking at him, admiring his smooth ripped chest and abs so defined they looked Photoshopped. It was difficult not to imagine what it would be like to have Brandon's dick connected to Ryan's body. The imagery and imagination got her slightly more aroused and her sex engorged, giving her more sensation but it didn't last long. Ryan began to moan and his little cock began to spew its load inside of her.

A few drips of sweat fell down onto her as he finished up. He pulled out and stood up off the bed. "Thanks, babe... I'm sure we're going to have a great game tomorrow."

"I hope so... I'm your biggest fan."

He hadn't suspected a thing.

**

"So, the superstition still holds true?" Sam asked Rachel after the big game.

"Huh?"

"Sex before the big game. The team won."

"Oh right... yeah I guess," Rachel said.

"So did he suspect you had just had sex with Brandon."

"Not at all. He came just as fast as normal."

"And let me guess... you weren't even close."

"Exactly. But it's cool... he's hot and he buys me lots of stuff."

They began to leave the stadium with the huge crowd of riled up students. It was always crazy after a game, especially if the team won. The two of them ran into Brandon as he too was trying to exit. He smiled at them and they both saw him go a little red.

"Hey, you... how's it going?" Rachel asked.

"Good... I'm good... doing good."

They both laughed. He still acted like a star struck little kid when he was around them. They thought it adorable and giggled. He kept looking away when Rachel looked at him. She knew he had been thinking about the sex they had and the head she had given him.

"Are you going to be able to make it two more days?" she asked.

"I think so."

"We appreciate your sacrifice," Sam said, laughing.

He glanced down at her huge breasts quickly and back up to her face. "My pleasure."

"It sure is," they giggled. "Okay well, we'll see you in class on Monday." 

He nodded and disappeared into the crowd.

Rachel and Sam met up with Julie and Becca for dinner at Arby's and then, with it being Saturday, separated on dates with their boyfriends. Their 'dates' were not what most people would consider dating. They rarely went to movies or dinners or clubs, basically they just met their boyfriends to have sex and then talked about it to the others the next few days.

**

Becca's boyfriend is named Jim. After Arby's she met him at his place off campus in a rental apartment he shared with two other guys. They were used to seeing her, especially on the weekends and paid little attention to her when she knocked on the door. Pretty much just let her in and she found Jim on her own. He was working hard on something sitting at his desk in his room.

"Hey, babe... didn't see you at the game," she said.

"Nope, this group project is killing me. They call it a group project but it always falls back on me to get the shit done and the freeloaders get the same grade. Pisses me off."

"Sorry. How about a break?" she asked him.

"Sure. Good to see you by the way. You look hot as always."

"Thanks," she said, closing his door and locking it.

He smiled, "So what's up with you?"

"I'm horny... and I want to practice something."

"Practice? You're always practicing," he said, skeptical.

Becca was the next girl in line with Brandon and she wanted to practice her blowjob skills before the three days were up. Of course Jim didn't know this but he was about to reap the benefits.

"Yeah, a girl's got to stay sharp."

Jim laughed again and said, "Okay, so what are you needing practice in."

Becca was the athletic one, played soccer and exercised to stay in shape most of her free time. She didn't want to lose her starting position on the team. Her dark hair was already up in a ponytail, was most the time unless she was dressing up for some big occasion.

"Drop your pants and I'll show you," she smiled, walking toward him.

"Oooh, I'm liking this already. But you of all people don't need practice giving a blowjob."

"Mmm, maybe so, you sweet talker. So let's call this research then," she said, kneeling in front of him as he worked on his pants.

"Research? For what?"

"I'm curious to know what you like the most and what would get you off the fastest," she said reaching out and yanking his unbuckled pants down.

"That could be two different things."

She giggled. "Lets' find out."

Next came his boxers. Jim was already hardening. His healthy cock was almost fully erect. She remembered the rules of the completion. No hands. Instead of grabbing Jim's six inch cock she leaned forward and instantly inhaled him as deep as she could. Jim let out a long sigh of pleasure as he watched his cock disappear into his girlfriend's mouth. She held him down her throat for a few seconds before releasing him slowly while keeping a tight grip with her lips. She looked up as she did this and saw and heard the pleasure she had induced. She kept his head in her mouth and sucked it while rubbing her tongue around the tip. Suddenly she let go and he popped out of her mouth.

"Okay, so what have we learned?" she asked. "Which felt better? Deep or shallow?"

"Damn, that's hard to decide. They feel different."

"Okay, well pay attention this time," she said before repeating the process exactly like she had before.

Jim tried to focus on what he like the best but was tempted to give her no definitive answered so she'd keep the 'research' going. The sensation with her mouth all the way down on his cock was amazing. Hot, wet bliss covered his entire shaft and the image looking down was awesome. When she sucked his head and played with the tip the sensation was much more intense almost to the point he was forced to pull away but not quite. When she let him pop from her mouth and asked again, he told her how each felt but then followed it up with what she was looking for.

"If you want to know what would make me cum the fastest it's when you are sliding up and down the shaft with your mouth tight around me."

"I see. So if I continue that up and down you'll probably cum soon?"

"Yeah, it's more or less like you're stroking it with you mouth instead of your hand. But the heat and the wetness add so much more than a hand."

"Okay, cool," she said leaning away from him.

"That's it? You're just going to stop?"

"No, I'm just getting my phone out," Becca said.

"Why? You going to film this?" Jim asked, getting excited.

"No, I just want to set a timer?"

"A timer? What the hell for? What's this all about, Becca?" he asked.

"Nothing, I just want to see if I can get you to cum in less than three minutes."

"Odd, but okay."

She set the timer on her phone and looked back up at him, about to start sucking him anew.

"Oh wait... one more thing. How long has it been since you came?" she asked.

"Umm... well... since the last time with you," he said, but his eyes betrayed him.

"That was almost a week ago... you've had to have tossed off since then?" she said.

"And if I have, you're cool with that?" he asked, skeptical.

"Sure... I masturbate all the time... everyone does."

"Oh shit! That I'd like to watch," he said. She shook her head at him before he continued. "Well then it was... let me think... two or three days ago I think."

"Perfect," she said taking her shirt and bra off.

Jim loved her small round breasts. They matched the rest of her toned figure and the position of the nipple made them look larger and perkier than they really were. Even more so when the areola puckered dark and lifted her nipples erect, which was what he saw right then.

Okay, here we go," Becca said holding the phone in one hand and hovering over Jim's wet cock with her mouth.

"Wait," Jim interrupted. "Do you want me to tell you how you're doing or remain silent?"

"Good point. Don't tell me anything just cum whenever I get you there."

"Sounds good to me."

She touched the start timer button and began.

**

Robbie was Julie's boyfriend. She mostly called him Rob unless he was into trouble and right then he was definitely not in trouble.

"Ohh... shit... yes, Rob... give it to me... deeper! Faster! I want to cum so hard!" she screamed.

Julie had her hands on the back of the chair she was kneeling on, looking over her shoulder at her 6'-6" boyfriend fucking her from behind as hard as he could. Rob was on the basketball team, one of the starting forwards. His long wide cock slammed into her over and over, filling her tight young body with nine inches of thick black meat. Their interracial relationship was becoming more of a common thing in today's world but they still got nasty looks from the bigoted white people on occasion. She didn't mind, not with what she knew and how she felt when they made love. That black cock of his made up for any grief she got from dating a different race. It was impossible not to feel every vein ribbed inch as his shaft spread her pink sex wide open with each thrust. She very rarely had to stimulate her own clitoris due to the fact that, Rob's width pulled her lips apart so wide it tugged her nubbin with each entry. Cumming with Rob was a no brainer. It was all about how big the orgasm was going to be, not if she would have one.

His large hands, large enough to easily palm a basketball, gripped her hips and butt as he held her in place while ramming his cock as deep as he could. The contrast of his shiny black cock disappearing into her lightly tanned body was stark. Rob loved the visual, loved fucking white women, especially blond white women. She was tiny next to him and he always found it amazing she could take such length into her body. Not only take, but love. Her reaction was by far the best out of all the girls, black, white, yellow, brown or red he had been with. She couldn't get enough. And the body on this little white girl was phenomenal. She had it all going on. Perfect perky tits, nice toned tummy and an ass with enough meat to get his hands around. And don't forget the gorgeous face he loved to cover, in his large loads, when he had reached his climax.

Speaking of climaxes. Julie was seconds away from here first and they had just gotten started. She had met Rob at a party he said he'd be at, talking him out of leaving within five minutes with promises of wild sex with her. They were kissing and groping each other before they made it back to his dorm room. As with Ryan, Rob had a nice set up since he was a star basketball player. He had her in his arms with her legs wrapped around him as he kicked the door open and carried her inside. They removed each other's clothing as they kissed, pausing a few times to kiss and lick the newly uncovered flesh. Case in point was when her bra came off and Rob immediately put his face between her C cups. He sucked her nipples so fiercely it was on the verge of painful but made her wet as hell.

When he let her down she fell to her knees and ravaged his pants, trying to get to the large bulge within. She accomplished her task, reaching down his pants and pulling his thick black cock into the open. Sucking Brandon off was going to be a piece of cake after all the practice Julie has had with Rob's monster. This was one of the reasons she was so confident in her abilities. Rob was probably two inches longer as well as wider than Brandon. She had the blowjob competition in the bag. Rob tugged his own pants the rest of the way to his ankles since Julie was now occupied with his cock. She took him with both hands, stroking him to his full impressive height. He was so long and wide he never arched upward but more downward from the sheer weight and girth of his cock.

She held the base of his shaft with one hand and opened her mouth as wide as she could, taking his dark purple head into her mouth. Rob's head fell back in pleasure as he felt her wet, creamy mouth close around his crown. She proceeded and took six wide inches into her little mouth, an impressive display of control. He got too wide at that point for Julie to go any further but her hand took up the last three inches anyway. Heat and bliss made Rob shudder as Julie vibrated his shaft with the noises she made on his cock. Sliding him back out, she sucked and focused on his wide head, pulling his foreskin down with her free hand. She licked the underside of his head while pinning his cock against his body, driving Rob crazy and finding his most sensitive spot. With one swift movement, Julie swallowed him back down to her hand, twisting her head as she descended.

She was very wet, her nipples were straining rock hard from the wetness he had left on them after sucking both. She still had her shorts and panties on as she knelt and sucked Rob as fast and deep as she could. She wanted to bring him close but not let him cum. She wanted his monster to be ready to fuck her silly when she finally couldn't take it anymore. She continued, bobbing and spinning up and down his cock until she felt his large heavy balls tighten against his thick shaft. Suddenly she pulled away and stood up. His cock hung straight out toward her, dripping with her saliva and his pre-cum, begging for more. She smiled, shimmied out of her shorts and walked to the chair. Kneeling on it she spread her ass, revealing her moist pink sex and with one finger motioned for Rob to come and get her.
