 Brandon stayed busy and the three days passed faster than he though they would. The only real time he remembered what was coming for him, was in biology when he saw the four girls, he was destined to be sucked off by. They always were very nice and smiled at him. He could see in their expressions the fun that awaited him, and they often asked him if he was still doing good. As long as he quickly focused on his studies he could forget about the upcoming date with the next girl and get some work done. So far so good and he was keeping up in all his classes.

He was actually hard at work when his phone chirped to remind him he had to meet the girls at their dorm room. The reality set in quickly and his cock lurched in his pants at the thought of what awaited him within the hour. He threw on a clean shirt, checked his hair in the mirror, and headed across campus to the girls dorm room.

**

Becca was excited. She knew she could beat Rachel's 3:23. The wait was killing her and she sat impatiently with her three friends until Brandon finally knocked on the door. She was already wet with the anticipation of sucking him off and had rehearsed what she was going to do over and over in her mind. She did the same thing with soccer, visualizing her dribbling, shooting, passing and moves to keep them fresh in her mind. This was no different, she played out every motion and bob in her mind, thinking about Brandon's long wide cock in her mouth and focusing on getting him to cum as fast as possible. Brandon was bigger than Jim but not by that much and she figured it wouldn't be a problem for her.

"Come in, Brandon... have a seat," Julie was saying as Becca looked up from her thoughts.

Brandon looked good that evening and this made her even more excited to suck him. He walked forward and sat in his favorite chair between the two beds and looked around the room at the four girls. She was confident he was wondering which one was going to be next. Before he could say much she stood up and took her shirt off and began unclasping her bra in preparation to suck him. Dropping her shirt and bra to her bed, she saw the expression of lust and excitement on Brandon's face as he stared at her naked top half. Without being told, he began to shimmy out of his pants and underwear, his long cock already growing stiff.

"Well, looks like everyone knows what's going on this time," Sam laughed.

"No shit! Talk about wasting no time," Rachel joined her.

"Okay, well, Brandon, you obviously know that Becca is competing tonight and you're obviously ready for her," Julie said, seeing his cock pulsing at full strength between his legs. "Before she begins we need to ask you if you've waited the full three days. Have you?"

"I have... not a drop since Rachel."

"Damn, really, even after fucking her so hard, you didn't go home and toss off?" Sam asked.

"Nope, and believe me it wasn't easy."

"Good boy. We really appreciate you doing this for all of us," Julie said.

"Oh, it's no problem at all, trust me."

They all giggled, except Becca who seemed to be zoned into one thing and one thing only. She had not stopped staring at Brandon's hard dick. She was ready to go to town and get him off; her competitive side in full gear.

"Okay then, let's get this show going," Julie said. "Becca, get in position... I'll time you."

Becca knelt down before Brandon, never losing her view of his cock. She tuned everything out but what she was about to do, hovering her head just above his now oozing head. It was reddish purple and pulsing with blood, just begging to be inhaled. A large clear drop of pre-cum had oozed out of the slit and was about to begin running down the underside of his vein defined shaft. She felt herself moisten further and her nipples, now fully taunt, pulled at the flesh of her breasts. She placed her hands on her legs and waited for the sign to begin. Her eyes locked onto Brandon's.

"Ready? Go!" Julie called out.

Blissful heaven encased Brandon's dick as Becca swallowed his cock so fast he forgot to breath. Her mouth felt like a vise, gripping his shaft during her descent and withdrawal. He could not believe the force she was holding with her lips only. It was much tighter than Rachel. With this amount of force mixed with the speed in which she was moving and the hot, wet sensation, Brandon knew he wasn't going to last long at all. Already his balls were tight as he looked down at this Becca's face staring up at him as she worked. That was when he noticed her expression and the look in her eyes. He had never seen anything sexier before. She was not only sucking him fast and tight but was adding visual perfection to her work.

He had never see or felt a blowjob like this before and found himself mesmerized by her face let alone the pleasure coursing through his cock as Becca bobbed up and down rapidly. It was so stimulating, so intense he never knew what hit him. His orgasm pretty much caught even him off guard it was so sudden. One second he was enjoying the intense sensations and the next second he was cumming forcefully into her mouth. It was so abrupt that no one in the room expected it, not even Becca who gagged and was forced to remove her mouth from the shooting ropes of cum. She spit out the blast of cum that had gone off in her mouth, letting it fall to her breasts. Once off him, she instinctively took his shaft in her hands a finished him off, not really thinking about it until after. He plastered her small breasts with several healthy shots of cum and she was painted up by the time he eased down in her hand.

Slightly embarrassed, she let go of his cock and sat back on her heels. Stroking him until he was done wasn't part of the deal but she just found herself doing it anyway. It was almost involuntary and natural. 

"Holy fucking shit!" Sam blurted.

"Are you kidding me?!" Rachel asked.

"Did that really just happen?! One minute thirty-five seconds! You've got to be shitting me," Julie said looking down at the timer in unbelief.

"Believe it bitches! You've got no chance!" Becca hollered before jumping up and strutting around the room covered in Brandon's cum.

It was quite a sight.

Brandon sat there stunned. He did not believe it was possible either and he was the one that had cum that fast. Becca had done everything perfect, from grip to speed to those eyes looking up at him. He didn't think the others had a chance at beating that time. His cock hovered still erect between his legs, a large glob of white semen oozed down his shaft since she had only jacked him off to completion and didn't clean him with her mouth. The blissful euphoria after climax spread through his body, releasing the chemicals that make men tired after sex. He relaxed in the chair, and smiled at the dancing Becca covered in his large effluent.

"Shit, she beat your time by more than half," Sam said to Rachel.

"That's amazing. What can I say," Rachel said, baffled.

Julie tossed a towel at the dancing Becca and this finally got her to stop gloating and wipe the semen from her body. She handed the used towel to Brandon who cleaned off his wet cock that was now almost flaccid.

"Well... I guess we're all done here... unless you're going to let him fuck you like Rachel did?" Julie asked.

Brandon looked expectantly at Becca but she shook her head and said, "No... I'm good... my boyfriend doesn't have a problem getting me off, like someone we know."

"Fuck off, Becca! Isn't it enough to gloat over beating my time? Now you have to make fun of my boyfriend too?" Rachel said, getting up and storming out of the room.

"Great! Good one, Becca," Sam said leaving to go after Rachel.

"What just happened," Brandon asked.

"Nothing you need to worry about. Thanks for coming again... literally," Becca laughed. "You can go. See you in biology and remember not to cum until next time."

With that, he pulled up his pants and left, confused and a little disappointed he didn't get to fuck Becca. He had cum so fast it was almost like he hadn't enjoyed it.

"You know, Becca... sometime you're just a little too competitive," Julie said once Brandon had left.

"I don't think there is such a thing. It's not my fault I'm good at what I do nor is it my fault Rachel's stuck in a climax free relationship. Maybe this will convince her to dump that big oaf with the tiny penis."

"Wow, I'm just going to leave you alone now," Julie said, getting up and leaving her own dorm room.

Becca shrugged her shoulders, replaced her bra and shirt and called Jim on her cell phone. The sexual energy coursing through her needed another outlet. He didn't answer.

**

"Maybe she's right?" sobbed Rachel.

"Right about what?" Sam asked.

"She thinks I'm stupid to be dating Ryan... you know that's why she said those things," Rachel explained.

"And what do you think," Sam asked.

"I don't know. I'm torn. Especially now after seeing Brandon again. I can't stop thinking about how hard I came when he did me. I haven't cum like that for a long time, and never with Ryan."

"Well, I guess you have to weigh the pros and cons of your relationship with Ryan," Sam began. "Are being with him and the things he buys you worth a lousy sex life? I mean there is probably a guy out there just as cool and just and wealthy but also has an average or above average cock."

"You're right... I'm in a rut and don't like change very much but I think this experience with Brandon has forced the issue. It's time to move on without Ryan."

"Have anyone in mind?" Julie asked, hearing the last part of the conversation as she walked in to the other girl's dorm room.

Sam and Rachel looked up at her. "Hey, what's up? You leave Becca as well?" Sam asked.

"Yeah, she's being kind of a bitch after pulling that time. You know how she gets sometimes when she competes. She'll settle down soon," Julie answered.

"Yeah, I know and I think she's right. It's time I end it with Ryan. Becca just didn't have to be so mean about it," Rachel said.

"No she didn't. Okay, so who are you going to go after?" Julie asked again.

"That is the question, isn't it?"

**

Becca usually left Jim alone during most of the week so he could study. He was taking a lot of credit hours and his major was one of the most difficult at the school. She knew better than to bug him during the middle of the week from past experience. Last time she did, he was perturbed, stating to her how much he had to do and he really didn't have time for her at the moment. That hurt and since then she hadn't bothered him unless it was the weekend.

She was too horny to care though. She figured if she could distract him before he could complain she could get what she needed and leave. Basically all she wanted and needed was quickie. His roommates let her in without question and she went directly to his room. She knocked and entered before the response came. With her back to the door, she locked it and began removing her clothing. Jim had his head down over his papers busily writing and punching keys on his oversized calculator that had so many buttons she'd never even heard about.

Finally his head rose and he turned in his chair to find her completely naked behind him.

"I've got to have you... like right now!" she said moving quickly toward him.

She spun his chair around and hopped up on his lap, straddling him. Grabbing his head, she kissed him hard on the mouth, not letting him speak. His hands slowly found her naked back as he began to kiss her. She knew she had him when she felt the movement from his growing cock press against her wet sex. Suddenly Jim picked her up and carried her over to his bed, their lips never loosing contact. He set her down on her back and remained standing. Quickly, he removed his shirt and dropped his pants around his ankles, kicking them away hastily. He said nothing, just grabbed her ankles and pulled her toward him until her butt hung halfway off the bed. Grabbing his hard cock, he sawed his head up and down her wet lips two times before shoving his length into her to his balls. She stifled a scream of exhilaration as he took her so suddenly.

He withdrew just as quickly before slamming himself into her again. Their eyes locked and she knew he meant business as he realized what she wanted as well. His grip increased on her ankles as he held her legs wide open in the air. His thrusts were rapid, almost animalistic and Becca's pleasure grew by multiples of ten. It was exactly what she wanted. Just a good hard pounding to expel the pent up sexual energy built up from sucking Brandon off. The bed rocked back and forth with each thrust he was driving into her so hard.

She watched her boyfriend work from below. He was gritting his teeth and driving his cock into her faster than he ever had before. She approached climax very quickly, grabbing the bedspread tightly in her fists. Her fingers turned white from her grip and her body exploded and flooded with the pleasure she sought. Her back arched and she bit her lip so she didn't scream.

Her climax drowned her with pleasure and she scarcely recognized Jim had left her body until she felt the warm spurts of semen hitting her stomach and splattering her heaving breasts. The waves of bliss continued to pulse through her body from her climax as his load fell down upon her. By the time he finished she was covered in thick semen mixed with runny droplets.

She saw him looking down at her when she could finally focus. He was breathing hard and still had his spent cock in his hand. He looked amazing, all jacked up and pumped from fucking her so hard. His cock shone, glistening in the light of the room with his hand wrapped around the base and a glob of white semen oozing out of his slit.

He smiled before speaking, "Well hello, Becca... glad you could come visit."

She laughed. "Yeah, I'm really glad I could too... I really needed you as you could tell."

"A huh... I needed the break as well."

"Good... well okay then... if you don't mind getting me something to clean up, I'll let you study," she said, looking down at her splattered body.

He found a towel and helped clean her off. They both dressed and she kissed him before heading back to her dorm room.

**

When Becca got back to her dorm room, Julie was already in bed, but not asleep. She was sitting up against her head board scrolling through her phone. When Becca came in, Julie looked up.

"Hey, how's Rachel?" Becca asked.

"Well, she's doing okay."

"No thanks to me, right?"

"Yeah, but she's tough. Actually, what you said, even as rude as you said it, made sense to her. She's decided to dump Ryan."

"Seriously? Well, I can't say that's a bad thing. It will be good for her to move on," Becca said.

"I know. So now we need to help her find a new man. Preferably one with a bigger dick," Julie said, laughing.

Becca walked in and sat on her bed facing Julie, "Any ideas?"

"Not really. We're going to scope men out tomorrow. If you're nice you can help," Julie said, grinning.

"I'll be nice. I was just pumped up after that blowjob. Jim settled me down," Becca said, smiling.

"Oh, I'll bet he did."

"You know what? I don't think we really have to look that hard," Becca said.

"Why? Do you have someone in mind?" Julie asked.

"Yeah, and we already know Rachel likes his cock."

Julie sat up further, "Huh? Who?"

"Brandon. He's single, he's hot and he's got a great cock."

"OMG, you're right. Rachel already said how much he made her cum. It's perfect. But what about the contest?"

"Well, we can finish the contest and then she can have him all to herself," Becca said.

"Right, but won't it be weird if all of us have sucked him off and then he becomes Rachel's guy?"

"Maybe, but she'd be the only one that might have a problem with it. If she's fine with it, I think it's a good match. And after what we saw when he fucked her, I think she'll agree."

"Probably but that means I better not let him do me after my blowjob and we'll have to convince Samantha to do the same," Julie said.

"Were you considering fucking him?"

"Kinda, I know I'll be all hot and horny after sucking him. I was going to before but now there's no way if we want to hook him up with Rachel.

"Yeah. You'll just have to go make Rob's day and fuck the hell out of him after the blow, like I did to Jim," Becca said.

"Yep. By the time I get there, I'm going to rip his clothes off."

"So it's set. We'll suggest it to Rachel tomorrow."

**

Brandon stayed up late, now that he could concentrate on his studies. His empty balls, from the incredibly stimulating and fast blowjob, made it easier to focus on school. He couldn't remember cumming that fast in his life, even as a teenager. That Becca girl was a hell of a good cock sucker. He doubted the remaining two would beat her time. Even Samantha with her luscious tits to look at, would be hard pressed to get him to cum in under a minute and thirty-five seconds. Just thinking about the time, blew Brandon away. 

It was after two in the morning when he finally closed his books and got into his bed. The memories of how intense Becca's blowjob was, were fresh on his mind as his head it the pillow.

**

The next morning the four friends met for early coffee before class. Becca and Julie were excited to tell Rachel their idea of hooking up with Brandon after the contest was completed. Becca was going to let Julie bring it up since Rachel was probably still pissed off at Becca. Neither had to bring it up, because it was Rachel that started the conversation.

"So did any of you think of a guy for me? I'm ending it with Ryan today at lunch, so I was kind of hoping to move on fast."

"Wow, that is fast... I take it you don't have many feelings left for Ryan?" Julie asked.

"Not really... it's been stagnant for a while. As hard as it is to say, Becca, you were right about him. I have needed to end it for a long time now and after having sex with Brandon and how good it felt, I'm more than ready."

"Well good, because speaking of Brandon, we think he is the perfect guy for you!" Julie blurted.

"What? Really?" Both Rachel and Sam spoke together.

"Yes. It was actually Becca's idea but I totally agree. I mean we already know how much you like his cock and isn't that the big issue here? He's hot as well and from what we know about him, he's cool and a nice guy. Perfect for you."

The three friends watched for Rachel's reaction to the news. She pondered it for several seconds in silence and then looked up into their eyes.

"You know what? That is an excellent idea. He would be perfect, but doesn't this mean the contest would be over?"

"That is up to you? If you are okay with letting Sam and I suck his cock as the last two contestants then we could finish the competition," Julie said.

"Umm... well I'll have to think about it."

"You have three days. After that, Brandon will be coming back for Sam's turn," Becca said.

"I've already decided not to fuck him after the blowjob, so maybe that will help with your decision," Julie added.

"I won't do him either then," Sam voiced.

"That does help, then I'll be the only one who has had sex with him," Rachel said.

"Exactly... so if you are okay with all of us blowing him, you could totally go after him when the competition is over," Julie said.

"Right... okay, but I still want to think it over. I've got other things to worry about right now. Like what I'm going to tell Ryan," Rachel said, looking concerned.

"I don't envy you there. But just remember it's for the best."

**

They didn't meet back up until after lunch in history class. Everyone wanted to know how it went with Ryan when Rachel finally showed up for class. They had a few minutes before the class started and that was all it took for Rachel to tell them.
