 *This is a story in three parts that will only makes sense if read in order.

*This is Part 3

*

I had to take the long route back stage to my dressing room since I had exited off the wrong side, and predictably, Terry was waiting for me.

"That was amazing!" he gushed. "I still can't believe you did a strip tease in front of the whole company."

"Thanks," I blushed. Sure, now I blush. Not when I was naked on stage in front of fifty people, but when I am with one and wrapped in a full length trench coat.

"And the sight of Jim rolling on the floor wetting his pants is priceless."

"I couldn't have done it without you." I opened the door to my dressing room and stepped inside.

"The lights and music were easy," he said, still respectfully standing in the hallway.

I looked at him for a while, my eyes drawing a line in the air before him to lead him into the room. He took the bait and sheepishly stepped inside. I closed the door and locked it behind him. He was too caught up in what had just happened to realize what was going to happen.

"You probably could have rigged that easily enough yourself," he kept babbling nervously. "Though I'm pretty glad you didn't."

It was crowded in the small dressing room with both of us standing so he sat in the chair by the desk, turning it so it faced me as I sat on the couch.

"I don't mean the lights," I said, arranging the coat on my legs so my bare knee showed through the slit in the front as I crossed my legs. I could feel the heat of my pussy growing as I watched the man in front of me fidget nervously in my presence.

"What, the music?" he asked.

"I mean I couldn't have done the strip without you standing there. I wouldn't have been as good. I wouldn't have gotten Jim like I did."

"And boy did you get him. I'm sorry I ever doubted your plan. People are going to remember that moment with him filling his pants for years to come. Your tease will be a side bar. I didn't know how a woman like you could strip in front of a crowd and have that not be what people remembered."

"Will you remember it?" I asked coyly, shifting the coat so the front slit opened wider and higher up my thigh.

"Absolutely," he said.

"Good," I replied. "Because like I said, I couldn't have done it without you."

"What do you mean by that?" he finally took the bait.

"I mean if I had to strip for the slob that is still probably flopping around the stage like a fish, It would have been short and sweet. I wouldn't have put any heart into it and I probably would have never gotten him to explode. But with you standing behind him, voyeuristically eying me up . . ." I lost my breath a bit, "it sent a thrill through me."

"Your welcome," he gulped, finally noticing how high the slit had moved up my thigh. "I wish I hadn't been off stage though." I could see sweat standing out on his forehead.

"Why is that?" I asked, slowly uncrossing my legs and pulling a Sharon Stone move from Basic Instinct as I recrossed them. The slit in the front of the coat was now completely open to my hips and only my crossed legs kept my treasure hidden.

"I wish I had been in that chair."

"What's wrong with the chair you are in now?" I asked.

He looked about the feet of his chair before he understood exactly what I was saying. By the time he looked up again I was up from the couch and walking toward him. The coat was down and hiding my legs again, but the knot was loose and it spread wide as I sat on his lap, straddling him. His hands dropped to my freshly shaven legs, he gently caressed them from my knee to the edge of the coat.

I was bolder and reached for his belt, opening it quickly and unzipping his pants. He kicked off his shoes and I stood up briefly to pull off his pants. I sat down again, now feeling his skin on my ass. His hairy, muscular legs turned me on even more, and I slid back and forth, my pussy leaving a trail of liquid on his thighs.

Terry reached for the knot at my waist, but I slapped his hand and instead worked at his shirt. I undid enough buttons to pull his shirt over his head, and his undershirt afterwards. His erection made its reappearance, pitching a tent in his boxers, but I ignored it for now, wanting this to last.

"You don't know how many times I've wanted to follow you into the locker room after our games of racquetball," I said, moving my hands through the sparse hair on his muscular chest.

"Follow me?" he replied incredulously. "I lose sleep most nights after our games dreaming of what you look like under your shorts and sports bra."

I giggled at how I must have driven him crazy, playing in only a sports bra the past few weeks. Not surprisingly, my winning percentage had gone up. "Well, now you know," I told him.

"I don't think I remember."

"Well, let me refresh your memory." I stood and backed away from him. The knot was now barely holding the coat together, and the "V" neckline of the heavy lapels gave a full cleavage shot all the way down to my navel. I pulled on the knot slowly and opened the front of the coat even more slowly, revealing everything to his searching eyes at once. I enjoyed the way his gaze traced the lines of my curves, not drooling like my last observer, but truly taking me in and appreciating me. It made me feel really hot.

"I want you to fuck me, right here, right now!"

Nothing else needed to be said. Terry got up from the chair and somehow managed to get his boxers down over his enormous erection. He came into like an avalanche, picking me up in his strong arms and carrying me into a wall. My back hit hard into the old drywall, and a picture hanging next to us fell down. I wrapped my legs around his waist and he palmed my ass to lift me up and enter me.

His swollen cock felt great inside my hot pussy, and I helped him out by pushing hard off his shoulders with my hands, our strong, athletic bodies working well together. I bounced up and down hard, my clit stimulated by his coarse pubic hair with every bounce. My breasts shook wildly in front of his face, and his tongue searched out my hard nipples like a kid trying to catch a snowflake in a blizzard.

I'm not the lightest woman in the world, and I could tell he was getting a little tired. I pushed off the wall with my shoulders and hugged him tightly as he stumbled backwards for a step and then turned to drop me on the couch. He came out of me, but quickly dropped to his knees in front of the sofa as I slouched forward with my legs spread at the edge of the cushion.

He entered me again, with much more force and leverage this time. With his hands frees he reached forward for my ever bouncing breasts. He held them loosely, appreciating their movement and girth in his bowled fingers. "Harder! Faster!" I cried.

Sweat was running down his face now as he answered my call. I could also see the growing strain on his face as the orgasm was building inside him. I didn't want it to end quite yet, though. I pushed off the back of the couch with my arms and stood up, pulling him out of me and actually smacking him in the forehead with my wet pussy.

He allowed himself to be knocked backwards, rotating his knees to point up in the air with his toes under the front edge of the couch. I stood over him for a few moments, allowing him to appreciate this very intimate view of me. Once I saw a calm expression pass over his face, I knew the moment of no return for him had been avoided. I rubbed my clit for him and slowly slid three fingers inside me.

I'd never been able to ejaculate like those crazy women on the internet, but I do produce a lot of thick, white cream that my past lovers told me tastes like sugar. I scooped a good portion out with my fingers and then sat on his chest, proceeding to slowly feed him one finger at a time. He moaned his approval, and hungrily licked each finger clean.

"You want more?" I asked. He nodded his head. I sat up to my knees and inched forward till his mouth lined up with my dripping honeypot. It was a difficult angle for him, so I reached down and laced my fingers behind his head to give him support. His tongue was alive with action and tidal waves of ecstasy washed through me as he dove into my love hole, cleaning out my juices and the flicking my clit to produce more.

When I masturbate, I don't quite until I get at least three orgasms, and I could feel the first one building now. I come more easily through mental stimulation than physical, and the events of the last half hour had put me on the brink already. He sensed me growing suddenly calm as the orgasm built, and he redoubled his efforts. My hands left his head and clutched at my breasts, squeezing them hard as the crescendo built. His neck was only strong enough to hold his head within reach for a few more seconds, but it was long enough.

I cried out in orgasm and fell forward, my hands catching me and my pelvis smacking Terry in the face with my convulsions, smearing my thick cream all over his mouth and nose. My thighs were quivering violently and I didn't think I could support myself. I rolled off to the side to keep from smothering my lover and lay on my back breathing deeply. My hands roamed my body, sliding over my stomach, feeling my erect nipples, and approaching my still throbbing pussy. I got as far as my trimmed landing strip, but couldn't bring myself to examine the oh-so sensitive area.

I noticed Terry rise next to me and then moved to stand over me as I had done to him. I appreciated the view, thinking to myself that I had never seen such a picture of masculinity. His penis was still very large, but no longer rock hard. His balls were relatively smooth and lay engorged on his thighs promising a thick stream of cum when we finally got to that point. His chest was glistening with sweat, his hard abs and full pecs rolling up and down with his heavy breathing.

My thick cream was still on his face and he made sure I was watching as he meticulously collected it with his index finger and slowly sucked it off. He then knelt over me till his dick lay between my breasts. He had one more finger full to clean off, and when he did, instead of licking it off, he brought it down to my mouth and smeared it around my lips before letting me suck his finger.

I swirled my tongue around his digit, tasting my own sweetness. He slowly pulled his finger out and then watched as I licked my lips clean. "Very nice," he said. "Do you have anymore?"

"Let's find out." I had regained some strength in my legs and reaching forward to grab his waist and rolled over. He allowed the movement and rolled to his back. I then reversed positions over top of him to go 69. His dick was about three licks away from being rock hard again, but before I even got a chance, I felt him go to work on my pussy again. His strong hands gripped my ass and fingered my asshole as his tongue made laps around my clit, darting into my cunt with each pass.

I grabbed his cock to repay the favor, but wasn't able to put much effort into stroking him off as he sent shock waves through my body. I could tell he was enjoying this view of my ass, because he occasionally pushed me forward to like my anus, his tongue also darting into that hole. His fingers played with the moistened opening, and I clenched reflexively at each probe. That didn't deter him, though as he tried to distract my by licking my pussy again.

I took his now fully erect cock in my mouth, tasting his precum as I swirled my tongue around his soft head, but I was only at it for a few seconds when he did another quick switch down below, shoving his tongue into my vagina, coming out to lick my clit and then dragging back over my pussy to lick my asshole, only to go back to my clit.

It was too much, and I needed both hands on the floor to support me as my body went eerie still again in the prelude to another orgasm. He gripped my ass firmly sensing what was coming and he pulled my body down tight over his face, riding the wave when it finally splashed over me. With each jolt that ripped through me, his mouth played again over my most sensitive area and it triggered another shock wave.

I finally found the strength to roll off him again and lay exhausted, my breasts heaving with each breath. He was chuckling to himself at my condition. "You have an amazing ass," he told me, still laying on his back staring at the ceiling. Then suddenly he got up and walked across the room toward the desk.

"Get up," he instructed.

"I, wha-, huh . . ." I didn't really have breath to answer him.

"Get up," he simply repeated.

There was no anger in his voice, but a calm forcefulness that I found further arousing. He'd given me a lot of pleasure so far, I'd let him use me as he wanted now. When I got to my knees I saw him walking back with a tube of moisturizer that had been sitting on the desk. "An ass as nice as yours should not remain unfucked."

"But I never. . ." I started, but he looked at me with his calm, firm eyes.

"Get up."

I obeyed. He pulled the couch away from the wall and he moved me behind it, facing the high back. "Just relax," he told me, feeling me tense up. I heard him squirt a shot of moisturizer into his hands and then felt the cool lotion on my hips. He pressed into the back of me, his hard cock vertical in my butt crack. His hands move up and around to my rib cage, gently massaging the lotion into my hot skin. His fingers flowed like silk over my flesh, gently needing the moisturizer into my breasts. It felt great, and the trepidation I was feeling about anal sex was moving to the back of my mind.

He got a refill of the lotion and moved to my shoulders, he massaged those as well, releasing all of the tension built up by two intense orgasms. He pushed down on my back and I bent over the couch, letting him work the long line of my spine. After more lotion dispensed directly to my lower back, he began to knead my butt cheeks. He pulled his cock away to give himself access and he worked my upper thighs as well, his ever mischievous fingers curling under me to play with my pussy as well.

My forearms were resting on the back of the couch and I felt utterly at peace as he lubed me up. Then, without warning, came the powerful thrust. I hadn't felt him apply anything to my asshole, so he must have given his dick a good coating. I cried out at the sudden invasion and clenched hard. I tried to stand up, but his right hand placed between my shoulder blades kept me down.

He tried to thrust in ant out, but I held him like a vice. But what little movement he did get sent tingles through my body. I took a brief moment to explore that feeling, and with that, I unclenched, and he began pounding away. It was like nothing I had ever felt before. It was so much better than a good shit, that it was hardly comparable. Instead of lasting a couple seconds, the sensation just kept flowing over and over. I started moaning loudly and rotating my hips as he thrust. He slapped my ass with one hand and reached under to fondle my clit with the other.

The realization of what was happening to me was such a mind fuck that I barely even recognized my next orgasm coming. It hit me like a ton of bricks as my legs went slack. Terry rode out the wave, grabbing onto my hips to hold me up. My anus clenched and released over and over, and I heard him begin to cry out as well. Suddenly his strong hands moved me to the side of the couch and flipped me around over the arm rest so that my back fell onto the cushions with my knees over the edge.

Terry had his cock in hand as he stood over the armrest between my knees, slowly wringing his cock and biting his lip. My shock waves were mostly over, and I propped myself up on my elbows to watch his orgasm. His eyes rolled back in his head and his mouth opened in a silent moan as his hand started to spasm on his cock. There was a half second of total stillness, and then his balls exploded shooting forth a thick stream of cum. I watched it arch over my reclined body, and had enough time to shift my head to catch the leading edge of the stream. The rest of the shot laid a thick cord of white from my chin, over my left breast and to the bottom of my rib.

He convulsed again twice more and two much smaller shots landed in between my breasts and on my navel. His left hand found support on the back of the couch as his posture slumped from the effort. His erection continued to drip slowly onto my knee over the armrest and ran down my inverted thigh.

I scooted forward to sit up on the armrest so his dick was aimed at my chest and slowly rubbed his softening cock, working out the rest of his semen onto my breasts. I felt the shocks go through him as his orgasm receded. His knees were wobbling now, and he put a hand on my shoulder for support as he stumbled around to the front of the couch and plopped onto the cushions behind me. I leaned back and was soon lying on his thighs smiling up into his panting face. He smiled back at me and managed a laugh. 

"Good for you?" he asked between breaths.

"Best in a very long time." And I hoped it wouldn't be the last time for us. He definitely knew what to do with his tongue. "Best two out of three?" I asked, repeating something we often said when we play racquetball.

"Are you kidding?" he gasped. "You did me so good, I doubt I'll get another erection in a week."

"Naw," I argued. "I could get you up again in 30 seconds."

His breathing was back under control now and he looked at my body that lay on his lap. My finger were playing with his cum, swirling it around a tit while my other hand rested on my thigh. His eyes looked intently at my pubic hair, know what lay between my closed thighs, the smell of it still rich in the air.

"Yes, you probably could, but let's save it for another time."

"Okay," I lamented. I rolled off his lap and swung my legs under me. I got up and walked over to the sink to clean off. I could feel his eyes on me as I walked naked across the room, and I added an extra swish to my hips for him.

"Shit, you're gorgeous."

I turned to look at him over my shoulder. "Sure you don't want to go again?"

He looked down at his limp dick lying on his thigh. "Definitely again," he replied, "just not now."

"Have it your way," I said, running warm water over a few paper towels and washing off. "Will you have enough energy for racquetball tomorrow?"

"Sure."

"Good," I said, turning to look at him, my body wet and glistening. "Looser strips and showers for the winner."

He laughed. "I think I'm going to like this."

The END