 Samantha had been thinking about her turn with Brandon ever since Becca finished him off in one minute thirty-five seconds. Even with all the drama between Becca and Rachel and now Rachel and Brandon, Sam still had her mind preparing for the competition. Without telling him why, Sam used Jordan her boyfriend to prepare. Every chance she got, she practiced her oral skills on Jordan's healthy long cock. He was about the same size a Brandon so she felt the practice was going to be beneficial. Jordan never complained, though he was a bit surprised how often Sam was sucking his cock, especially this week. She seemed like a woman possessed. The speed and aggression in which she sucked him was like nothing he'd experienced before. Sure she was always really good at blowjobs but usually took her time. This past week it almost seemed like she was trying to get him off as fast as possible. 

Several times she actually did and he ended up cumming in her mouth, so taken aback by her aggression. She never got mad at him for cumming without warning; she actually seemed pleased with herself even with her face covered in his semen. This went on every day for a full week. Every time they were alone she wanted to suck his cock and today was no exception. She came over in the evening like normal and seemed even more anxious, like her time was running out for something. It had been six straight days of blowjobs, the kind of blowjobs that curl your toes and make a guy want to cum in minutes.

He saw the look on her face when he opened the door to his parent's house. She stepped in and grabbed him by the shirt, pulling him after her.

"Come with me, I want to try something," she said.

He did not respond, just quickly kept pace with her as she pulled him to his bedroom. Once inside she turned around, shut and locked his door.

"Let me guess, you want to suck my cock again," he said, smiling at her.

"Yeah, is that a problem?" she asked.

"Nope, just curious. Mind telling me what you're 'practicing' for?" he said, with emphasis on the word.

She looked busted for a split second but covered it well by saying, "I'm not practicing for anything, I just like making you feel good and besides it relieves some stress I bottle up during the day."

"You like to take your aggression out on my cock?" he asked.

"Yeah, it's been a stressful week. So are you game or do you have more questions for me," she said, pulling her shirt off over her head.

"No more questions. Please proceed," he said, grinning.

"Good, do you mind timing me this time," she asked as if it was nothing.

"What?" he asked stunned.

"Time me. I want to see how long it takes me to make you cum?"

"Seriously? Why?" he asked.

"I don't know, thought it would be fun," she said.

"Umm... okay I guess."

"Cool, so as soon as I say go, start the timer and then stop it the second you first shoot."

"Okay?.... this is odd but whatever. I'll try and stop it in time but I might be a little preoccupied if I'm cumming."

"Jordan, it's important that you stop it right when you start cumming. You can do that for me right?" she asked, removing her bra.

"Fine, I'll stop the timer right when I cum," he said, really curious what her deal was but also really turned on by the talk and the excitement of what she was doing.

He never tired of looking at her incredible breasts; watching the nipples harden as the cool air hit them. His cock was working its way to full height in his loose shorts even before she dropped to her knees and tugged them down around his ankles.

"Good, you're already hard," Sam said, seeing his long cock bobbing before her. "Okay, are you ready to start the clock," she asked.

"No, I don't have a timer," he said.

"Where's your phone," she asked.

He looked down at the shorts around his feet and she shook her head, searched through his pockets and handed him his phone, all the while his cock throbbed just in front of her face.

"Maybe you should sit down," she said.

"Okay," Jordan said, kicking of his discarded shorts and walking to his bed.

"No, sit in your chair, its lower," she said.

"Fine," he said, walking a half-naked to the other side of his room to sit in his desk chair. She crawled toward him on her hands and knees, her large breasts jiggling and swaying as she moved. His cock lurched at the image before him. It was sexy as hell to see her crawling half-naked toward him.

"Okay, this is perfect," she said, placing her hands on her boyfriend's legs. "On your mark, get set... Go!" she said.

Jordan's thumb pressed the start button on his phone just as Sam's hot, wet mouth enveloped his cock.

**

As the week progressed, and it got closer to the time he would once again meet with the four girls and get sucked off, Brandon got more and more distracted by thoughts of finally cumming. He and Rachel had been spending every second out of class together. They ate together, did homework together, and hung out together. But the one thing they stopped doing was having sex together. It was her idea, as hard as it was for both of them. They both knew that pushing their luck wasn't smart. The longer he went without cumming the harder it would be for him to resist. So that meant both of them suffered. Rachel wanted him every waking moment, so starved for orgasms after having dated Ryan for so long. It was a terrible thing to do to a budding relationship but both of them didn't want to be the reason the contest was ruined.

"Just one more day and you'll get to cum again. Then maybe we can have sex again before it builds up if you think you can manage not to cum," Rachel said as they sat together alone.

"Yeah, but then I have to go a whole week without, one more time for the last girl."

"I know... but just remember I'll make it worth it to you. You can fuck me in any hole you want and cum anywhere you want as much as you want in just a little over a week."

"Fuck, you better go before I attack you now. You can't say things like that with me in this condition. I'm so hard right now I might just cum without having sex."

"Okay, I'll go. I'll see you tomorrow when you come over to the dorm room. I actually hope you cum faster than Becca's time. She's so damn cocky it would serve her right to lose."

"You know what, with all that has happened between us and the sex without cumming and the making out... I just might nut as soon as her lips hit my cock."

"Good, sweetie... you do that. Just fucking spray her with a giant load as fast as you can," Rachel said, kissing him hard on the lips before standing up to leave.

Brandon had to sit on the couch for several minutes after she had left, to let his cock settle down before he went up to his room. He couldn't wait for this last week to be over. He had been thinking a lot about what he was going to do to Rachel when the contest was over. He kept thinking about what she said... "Any hole you want and cum anywhere you want as much as you want" his mind was so engaged in this he couldn't sleep for hours.

**

Jordan's eyes widened from the sensation Sam's mouth caused as her lips clamped down on his cock and rushed down to his base. She was gripping his cock with her lips tighter than ever before. Her head bobbed up and down so fast her blonde hair was a blur. Her giant jugs jiggled in all directions as she moved her mouth up and down rapidly on his stiff cock. She never moved her hands from his legs, never once touched his balls or cock with her hands, which was rather odd to him. She was only using her mouth and sucking and gripping his cock like a vise in an apparent effort to get him to cum as fast as possible.

The pleasure instantly gripped his cock and rose rapidly like never before. It seemed she had some vendetta or some goal she was working for. His head fell back in utter pleasure from the force she was sucking and gripping his head and shaft. Letting his head fall forward again, he opened his eyes to watch her work, feeling his climax approaching in record time. He loved watching her big breasts move and jiggle as she bobbed up and down. She didn't seem to be swallowing any spit or pre-cum, letting it run out of her mouth to drip from his balls to the chair and floor below when her mouth became too full.

The pleasure only increased, pulling his balls upward in preparation for his explosion. He momentarily forgot about the phone in his left hand, timing his incredibly hot girlfriend to see how long it would take her to make his cock explode. He hadn't even glimpsed at the display, focused only on her breasts and blue eyes that seemed to be willing him to cum as she looked up at him while sucking and fucking his cock with her mouth.

It was the most erotic blowjob he'd ever received. She never let up or slowed down a fraction until his cock burst forth into her mouth and sprayed his load deep into her throat. She shot of his cock and tried to yell for him to stop the timer but the amount of semen in her mouth made it just a gurgle of noise. He remembered the phone and struggled to stop the timer as his cock continued to jettison its load onto Samantha's luscious tits. She did remember to grab it then. She stroked him hard and fast all the way to the end. Several blasts of cum flew from Jordan's cock, splattering onto her naked mounds as she cleared her mouth and he shook and squirmed on the chair until his cock eased down. She let him go when he finished and his cock fell forward and dripped onto the floor.

"How'd I do? What's the time?" she asked.

He had gone limp, body and cock in the chair and raised the phone slowly to see the time he had recorded for her.

"Two minutes .... and three seconds," he said, breathing heavily.

"Well, that's not bad considering you've cum every day this week," she said.

"Not bad? Holy shit, Sam... I've never cum that fast before. What were you expecting or wanting?" he asked.

"A minute thirty would have been ideal," she said, looking around for something to clean herself off with.

"Care to tell me why?" he asked.

This snapped her head back to him and again he saw that quick look like she was hiding something.

"No reason; just thought it would be fun and I set a goal before hand is all."

"You came up with this during classes today?" he asked.

"Yeah, thought it would be amusing. You seemed to enjoy it," Sam said.

"Oh, yeah, big time."

"Good," she said standing up and finding a towel to clean off her breasts and hands.

She tossed him the towel and he cleaned up his cock and balls as she replaced her bra and shirt.

"So can you tell me what would have made you cum faster? If anything?" she asked.

"Faster? I don't know if it was possible to make me cum faster."

"Well, humor me. What could I have done or added?" she asked.

He thought about it for a few seconds, remembering what had just happened. He doubted she could have sucked harder or gripped firmer but he remembered her hands just on his legs.

"Well, you could have used your hands to play with my balls or stroked a little, maybe," he said.

"No, can't use hands... just my mouth. Was there anything."

"That's pretty specific, Sam... what's going on?"

"Nothing, just think what else I could have done. Focus, Jordan."

"Well, okay so no hands on me, but what about you? Can you touch yourself?" he asked.

"Yeah, I guess," she said.

"Okay, then that's something. I love when you play with your breasts or touch your clit. I guess you could do that while you suck."

"And that would turn you on more?" she asked.

"Oh yeah, it's hot shit."

"Okay, cool... that's great, thanks, Babe... I got to run," she said, kissing him on the cheek and leaving his room and house while he sat half naked in his room wondering what the hell just happened.

**

The other three friends were waiting for Sam to show up for her turn with Brandon. She finally arrived and knocked on the door. Julie let her in.

"Cutting it close, wouldn't you say?" Becca said. "I was beginning to think you were giving up and not going to even try and beat my time."

"No, I'm here... I was just getting in some last minute practice," Sam said.

"Oh, nice... so Jordan just got his cock sucked then?" Julie asked.

"Yes he did and he gave me some tips," Sam said, smiling.

"You seem pretty confident," Becca said.

"I am... I'll give your time a run for sure," Sam said, going into the room to sit next to her roomie, Rachel. "So how are you and Brandon? Is he excited for tonight?"

"So excited," Rachel said and then leaned in to whisper into Sam's ear, "He's so horny and pent up I think you're going to beat Becca easily."

"Good, I was hoping you'd say that. Poor guy hasn't been able to cum and you haven't been making it easy on him for sure."

"No I haven't, but I'll make it worth it to him when this is all over. I wouldn't doubt he shows up early today."

Just as Rachel finished saying that there was a knock on the door.

"Told you," Rachel laughed.

Julie let Brandon in and everyone was smiling or giggling except Becca. She didn't want her time beaten and quickly asked Brandon if he had cum within the week.

"No, that's why I'm early," he said with a grin.

This brought more giggling and laughter.

"Well then, let's not make you wait any longer. Drop your pants and take a seat," Julie said, moving the chair into place.

Brandon dropped his pants and his cock was already hard and oozing with anticipation. He still didn't know which girl out of Julie or Sam would suck him that evening. He sat and waited with his cock pulsing and bouncing with blood. He got a big smile on his face when Sam stood up and started taking off her shirt. He looked at his girlfriend Rachel and she smiled and nodded for him to make her proud.

He turned back to the blond bombshell removing her bra and his cock lurched in the chair as her large breasts fell into the open air. His cock was so hard it almost hurt and only got more engorged when Sam continued to undress. She was the first to remove all of her clothes to suck him and Brandon took it all in. She was incredible, curvy, toned and voluptuous in a spectacular package he had never seen the like before. His balls were already tight by the time she was naked and on her knees in front of him. Her warm hands moved to his thighs, her head hovered over his cock and Julie suddenly shouted, "Go."

Brandon literally groaned in pleasure as Sam's mouth descended onto his cock. His vision blurred in phenomenal pleasure from the sensation of her hot, wet mouth taking his cock to the base and back out rapidly. His cock swelled, his balls ached for release and then he saw and felt Sam's hands leave his legs and find her incredible breasts. When she took both nipples in-between thumb and index finger, Brandon blew his load. The first blast almost drowned poor Sam, the velocity and quantity were both enormous. She was forced off his cock and struggled to expel the semen just as his cock exploded again into her face. She finally let go of her breasts and covered the head of his cock with her hands, deflecting the remaining seven blasts of cum that flew from his pent up cock. He groaned and shook, clenching his ass in the chair as his cock unleashed a massive amount of semen for over thirty seconds.

Everyone was speechless. Everyone knew without looking that Becca's time was soundly beat. Brandon continued to shake, and fidget as his cock eased down but remained erect.

"Damn, one minute five seconds... a new record," Julie said.

"Fuck!" Becca blurted.

Rachel, staying quiet, came forward with a towel and handed it to Sam. Sam cleaned off her face, breasts and hands and set the towel on Brandon's lap. His legs, cock, balls and the chair were covered in thick white semen. He couldn't move and just fell back in the chair, breathing heavily. Rachel began cleaning him up herself and leaned over to whisper in his ear.

"You did it, babe... I knew you could."

After she was done mopping up all of his cum, she quickly noticed his cock was still hard and never really had gone flaccid. This made her hornier and she wanted his cock inside her even with her friends in the room, which wasn't really that odd since she let him fuck her the first time he had come over for the contest in front of them all.

"Do you guys mind if we fuck... like right now?" she asked, already removing clothing and not waiting for an answer.

"Umm... I guess not, but he can't cum again," Julie said, she being the only one left to compete.

"He won't, he's got great control. Don't you, babe," Rachel said, throwing her clothing around the room.

He only smiled and winked at her as she climbed up onto his lap, grabbed his hard cock and slid it into her sopping wet pussy. Sam was getting dressed. Becca was brooding on her bed and Julie was staring at the couple having sex in her dorm room.

"You know, maybe we should leave them alone," Sam said once she was dressed, breaking Julie's stare.

"Oh... right... let's go to your room."

"But this is my room too?" Becca spouted, angry she had been beaten.

"You can leave for an hour and come back... it won't kill you," Sam said.

The moaning from Brandon and Rachel was increasing. Rachel was on the verge of an orgasm and just as the three friends left, Rachel came. It was spectacular.

**

The three friends closed the door quickly as Rachel screamed in ecstasy. They walked in silence until Sam let them into her and Rachel's dorm room. Becca was still fuming and just stormed in and sat down on Rachel's bed.

"The nipple play was a nice touch, Sam," Julie said.

"Yeah, he came as soon as I touched myself. I guess Jordan was right, it does turn guys on."

"Fuck, I should have thought of that!" Becca said from the bed.

"Yeah, you should have, but didn't," Julie said.

"You're for sure going to do it now," Becca spat.

"I'd be a fool not to, seeing as how fast he came when she started playing," Julie said.

"Guys are so visual and the combination of your huge tits and then playing with them got him off fast," Becca said. "Way fast."

"Yeah, it seemed to work, but I'm not going to gloat. Julie still could beat me," Sam said.

"If she gets a chance... I mean the way those two are at each other it will be a miracle if he lasts another week again," Becca said.

"I think he will. He's already proved he can resist. And the reward he'll get when he does will convince him to keep it up. Rachel's going to let him fuck her anywhere he wants so you know what that means. He's totally going to fuck her in the ass," Sam said.

"Totally... guys always go for the ass if you tell them they can put it anywhere they want. Always," Becca said.

"Exactly, so that only makes him want to resist all the more," Julie said.

"Rachel's a good sport if you think about it. What does she have to gain by making him wait? She's already lost and she's letting us suck him off as well," Sam said.

"True, she's a good friend to let us finish the competition, really good, especially knowing exactly where Brandon will put his big cock once this is over," Julie said.

"Think her skinny little ass can handle him?" Becca asked.

"She's going to find out... I'm confident of that," Sam said, shaking her head.

**

Rachel fell limp into Brandon's arms as her climax completely overcame her. Her body trembled and shook as he kept her from falling off his lap. His cock was firmly nestled in her pulsing sex as the climax ran its course. Suddenly, Brandon picked her up and carried her to the bed with his long cock still deep inside. She felt light and limp in his arms, her body radiating heat from her climax. Laying her on the bed, he stood by the side and began to thrust himself in and pull out while holding her legs up and out. Her eyes were glassed over, her small breasts rolled in circles from his thrusts. His cock must have forgotten he had just cum a bucket load not five minutes ago because it was rock hard and humming with pleasure as he fucked his new girlfriend hard and fast. He loved to watch those breasts roll around, loved the wet heat around his hard cock as he thrust in, her fleshy lips clinging to his shaft as he withdrew. She was damn hot, sexy as hell face and tight, skinny body to match. A few stray hairs fell over her forehead as her body moved away and toward him with each thrust into the side of the mattress.
