 Julie was extremely horny after watching Rachel cum so many times while practicing anal. Instead of going back to her room, where the sleeping Becca was, Julie headed toward Rob's place. She wanted some, wanted it bad. Her underwear was soaked and she had a massive urge to have sex. She practically ran to his dorm room, but slowed down as she entered the building. His dorm was always a happening place even when it wasn't basketball season. Girls seemed to frequently hang around the big stars on the team and tonight was no exception. The common room was loud and crowded as music played, with players and their groupies partying it up. She looked around the room but couldn't find Rob so she headed up to his room and knocked on the door.

"Man! I told you guys to let me sleep!" came the reply from the other side.

"Rob, it's me, Julie," she responded.

"Oh, sorry, babe," he said when he opened the door in just his boxer shorts. "What's up, everything okay," he asked.

"No... I need some, like right now," she said pushing past his naked chest into the room.

He chuckled and closed the door behind her. She was already removing her clothing as she walked toward his bed before looking up at him approaching.

"I'm sorry it's so late, but I had to come over... can't sleep like this," she said.

"Don't ever apologize for wanting sex, babe," he said, picking her up with ease and laying her down on the bed.

He helped her out of her boyshorts, falling to his knees in the process. He immediately buried his head into her shaved pussy but Julie only let him munch on her for a few seconds before grabbing his head and pulling him up.

"No need for that, just fuck me!" she said.

Again, Rob chuckled, yanked down his boxers and coaxed his long black cock to full hardness with his left hand. He rubbed his dark purple head up and down Julie's shorn sex before feeding his width into her pink pussy. Inch by inch, his long black cock descended until his balls hit her tight white ass. Both of them moaned in pleasure and bliss.

"Damn, girl... you're wet as fuck," he said, holding his cock deep.

"I told you I needed it. Now shut up and fuck me!" she exclaimed.

His hands found her nice, perky breasts and Rob began to withdraw and slam into her over and over, feeding every inch into her fine ass body.

**

Sam sat on Rachel's bed, watching the naked worn-out girl sleeping peacefully. She too was horny, both from the blowjob and helping with Rachel. She also felt a little sticky from Brandon's huge load. Sam got up, grabbed her robe and towel and went to the showers. As late as it was, she found herself alone, stripped down and eased under the hot water. Grabbing the soap she lathered up her large breasts, spending a lot of time letting her soapy hands glide effortlessly over the round flesh until her nipples enlarged from the sensations. She took them both between finger and thumb, twisting and pulling, making her clit twinge with pleasure from her manipulations.

With one hand left on her breasts, the other moved down to her engorged clit, which she started to circle with her middle finger. The pleasure grew slowly and increased the faster she rubbed her clit until she was grinding on it with her entire hand. She pinched both nipples back and forth as she ground on her clit as well as fingered her hole with one practiced movement she always did when she wanted to cum as hard as possible. She felt it growing, knew she was moments away from the blissful release she craved. She pinched her nipples so hard, pain mixed with the pleasure and Sam climaxed hard enough to make her legs tremble under the hot water of the shower.

A cry of lust escaped her lips as the climax continued, so intense that she was forced to stop playing to catch her breath. She feared her legs would give out, making her lean heavily against the wall of the small shower stall. She was glad she was alone, the moans and cries were loud enough to echo amidst the tiled showers even over the falling water.

Once she caught her breath and gained some strength back in her legs, Sam toweled off, put on her robe and headed back to her dorm room with the satisfaction only an orgasm can fulfil.

**

"Yes! Fuck me, Rob... fuck me hard... give it to me!" Julie called out, rooting her six foot six boyfriend on.

He was already glistening from sweat as hard as he was working but she wanted it faster and harder, having such a lustful desire from the night's events. His massive cock was stretching her out and pulling her lips tight, moving her clit in the process and filling her with the climax inducing stimuli she needed. His length felt like it was just under her rib cage, where it comes together, so deep was his cock. His hands squeezed and fondled her breasts as he stared down at her with a look of intensity. She gripped his bed sheets as the entire bed shook and rocked from the barrage of thrusts Rob was demonstrating. He was working tirelessly to get her off and she was mere seconds away from a mind-blowing climax. 

His sweat started dripping down on her legs, she had up and bent, as her climax finally crashed over her body. The anticipation and lust she was feeling, made this climax one to remember. Her entire frame clenched up and held tight for over thirty seconds as the pulses of bliss radiated through her form. Her head arched back and she bit her lip on accident without knowing it until after. Incredible pleasure radiated from her sex all the while Rob continued to slam into her over and over. She was still climaxing when his cock left her body and he stroked his load onto her stomach, breasts and even face when he leaned over her small body to hold himself up with his knees. The warm, wet ropes hitting her only added to the pleasure she was experiencing. She knew he was sharing an equally intense climax from the amount of semen that was coming from his cock. By the time it eased up, he had painted her well. 

"Damn, that's a lot of cum," he said, looking down at her.

"Felt wonderful, Rob... thanks for putting up with me," she said.

"Putting up with you? That's no problem at all, babe... you're welcome here anytime any hour," he said, falling on the bed next to her.

By the time she cleaned up and got back to her own dorm room, she only had a few hours of sleep before classes began again.

**

"You look exhausted," Becca said, coming into the room after her soccer practice. Julie was practically sleeping while sitting up on her bed the next morning, the alarm blaring.

"I am, I was up late," Julie said, finally turning off her alarm.

"Did you go over to Rob's after Brandon left?" Becca asked.

"Well... yeah, but after we helped Rachel with something?" Julie smiled.

"We who?" Becca asked, "And with what?"

"Sam and I. We... well we kind of started helping her with anal practice," Julie blurted out.

Becca choked on her sports drink, wiped her mouth and said, "Excuse me?"

"She bought three different sized butt plugs and we played with the first last night. She's getting ready for Brandon because she knows where he's going to want to stick it," Julie explained.

"Oh my hell! Do you know how that sounds?" Becca asked.

"Yeah, we're probably going to again tonight," Julie laughed "... she wants to be able to handle the biggest plug by the time I get my chance with Brandon. She knows he's going to want to have sex right after and she's convinced he'll want anal."

"She's probably right, and I guess this is smart to prepare, but why does she need help?" Becca asked.

"She asked, we accepted," Julie giggled.

"Oh, I see... you enjoyed it."

"It was actually a lot of fun and man did she cum, more than once and like huge."

"Really? With the plug in her ass?" Becca asked.

"Yeah, and she was playing with her clit each time. She said it really added to the climax, thinks we should try it."

"Wow, all this while I was sleeping. And I take it you were so horny afterwards you had to go and get some with Rob."

"Yep, that's why I'm so tired. I think I got maybe two hours of sleep last night. But the sex was amazing."

"Well, that's something then. So when are you 'practicing' with Rachel again?" Becca asked, using her fingers as quote marks.

"Don't really know... she fell asleep before we planned it. Sam was going to talk to her this morning and let me know. Did you want to help?"

"I don't know if Rachel will want me there."

"We can ask. Let's go shower, we're going to be late if we don't hurry." 

**

The whole gang met up in biology later. While Rachel was occupied by Brandon before class, Sam pulled Julie away from the group to talk.

"I talked to Rachel. She wants to try the medium plug tonight. How does nine sound?" Sam asked.

"Great for me, but I told Becca and she's wondering if she can help too."

"That's up to Rachel and it will be difficult to ask her now since she's with Brandon for the rest of the day until seven," Sam explained, looking over Julie's shoulder at the two slobbering over each other.

"Well, I guess if Becca just shows up with me then Rachel will either be good with it or not. What's the worst that could happen?" Julie asked.

"I guess we'll see," Sam said, shrugging her shoulders and making her large breasts bounce in the process.

Everyone took their seats as the instructor walked to the head of the huge classroom.

Julie leaned over and whispered in Becca's ear, "Looks like you can come tonight for the next practice session. Rachel doesn't know yet so be nice when we get there."

Becca only nodded because the professor had begun speaking.

**

As soon as class was over, Rachel and Brandon bolted from the classroom. Both of them knew today was the best time to have sex since Brandon shot a massive load all over Sam the day before. It would be easier for him to resist cumming so soon after. Rachel wanted to take advantage of his big cock before he built up too much semen to resist. Together, they practically ran to his dorm room, shut and locked the door, already shedding clothing before they made it to the bed.

"I'm so horny I can hardly stand it," Rachel said, kicking off her shorts and shoes.

"We better do something about that then," Brandon said, suddenly picking her up and laying her on the bed.

He slid his hands down her body, looped his finger under her panties and pulled them down off her legs. He dove right in as they hit the floor. She was already wet, tangy and delicious as his tongue spread her wide open and continued into her sex as deep as he could. She moaned in pleasure as her hands found his hair and she pressed his face deeper. He rooted around with his tongue in deep for several seconds before sliding it upward over her urethra to find her engorged clit begging to be licked.

Rachel's hands grabbed onto his hair as he flicked her nub with his tongue, up and down and side to side.

"Fuck yes... don't stop... that's perfect!" she voiced as her grip got firmer.

He obeyed, keeping the same speed and movements on her rock hard clit until her legs started to shake and her hands fell from his head as she melted into the bed with her orgasm. She squirmed away from his mouth so intense was the sensations and continued to shake for about a minute. Her eyes finally opened and she looked up at Brandon standing over her. His cock was rock hard and a large drip of pre-cum was about to drop to the bed below him.

"Give me that cock, it looks so good I want it all!" she said, hungrily.

She sat up, grabbed his cock and inhaled it as far as she could. She was able to still place her hand at the base with most of his cock in her mouth. She sucked hard and stroked at the same time, moving the loose skin up and down his rigid shaft beneath. Brandon's head fell back in a long moan as the rapture took hold. She knew she didn't have to remind him not to cum. The idea she had placed in his head the last few weeks was set in stone. He wouldn't dare cum and ruin his chances to put it wherever he wants in less than a week.

Brandon stood there with his hands on his hips loving his life. He couldn't believe how often his cock was getting sucked since he transferred schools. The girls involved were all pros including his new girlfriend who could suck with the best of them and was proving it right then. He looked down and watched her work, stroking gently and bobbing her head up and down while maintaining eye contact with him. She wasn't trying to get him to cum, she was enjoying herself just as he was. He smiled down at her, assuring her that he was well away from an orgasm and enjoying everything she was doing. Rachel sat on the edge of the bed and sucked and stroked him for about three more minutes before letting him pop out of her mouth with an audible noise as the suction broke.

"Mmm, you taste good... want to have sex now or should I keep sucking?" she asked.

"Entirely up to you," he responded with a grin.

"Good answer," she said, leaning forward once again to take his cock back into her mouth.

He'd let her suck his cock all day if she wanted to. Her hot, wet mouth was the closest thing to paradise he'd ever found. He could tell she enjoyed sucking him, unlike other girls he'd known before that would only suck if he begged them and then only for a minute or two with no enjoyment. Rachel truly liked sucking his cock, it was written all over her sexy face and even her body showed signs of pleasure while she sucked him.

She doubled the amount of time she had sucked him before, taking him out of her mouth once again to talk.

"You're getting really hard... we better move on," she said.

He was indeed. Her talents were exceptional and even when she wasn't trying to get him to cum he was still building toward an orgasm. His cock throbbed and glistened in her hand she hadn't removed. His blood flow was unfettered, causing the veins along his cock to stand out in dark wiggly lines along his raging shaft. His breathing had increased and he would have had to stop her himself if she had kept sucking.

She lay back down on the bed, lifting her legs and holding them up with her arms around the back of her knees. He saw her lips flushed and damp from her enjoyment of sucking him. Even with her legs together there was very little resistance as he slid his cock into her sex all the way to the base. 

"Gawd! I love that cock," Rachel breathed between her bit lower lip and upper.

Brandon filled her full, holding himself deep for a few seconds with the initial plunge. He reached forward, cupping both of her perky breasts in his hands under her arms as she continued to hold her legs together and up. He pinched both of her nipples just as he withdrew his rod, leaving only the head inside her flushed sex. Pinching harder, he thrust down firmly, making Rachel squeal as their bodies came together, rocking the bed from the force. He pulled out again and slammed his cock deep once again, twisting and pulling on her nipples.

"Oh my... You're going to make me cum again!" she blurted as he banged once again deep.

That was exactly what he wanted to do. He needed her to cum as fast as he could so he could continue to resist. As he pounded down into her over and over, he had only one thought on his mind. Six more days, six more days.

**

Sam watched Rachel and Brandon hightail it out of class. She knew exactly what the two of them were up to. She felt a twinge in her clit and a wanting in her sex. She had been so focused on practicing blowjobs that she hadn't had a good banging from Jordan all last week. She had made him cum with her mouth and then he wasn't up for much more after that. She got out her phone and texted him, knowing he didn't have class this hour and also knowing that her dorm room was going to be empty because Rachel always went to Brandon's.

The text was simple: Meet me in my room in five minutes. She added an eggplant and a cat emoji after the sentence.

Jordan would know what the eggplant and the cat meant. It was Sam's emoji for a dick and a pussy. She got up from her seat, said goodbye to Becca and Julie and headed directly for her dorm room. 

It didn't take Jordan five minutes to get to her room. Actually they showed up at the same time, locked eyes and were kissing outside the door while Sam tried to get it open. His hands were all over her breasts before the door was even closed. Off came her shirt and bra and once again, Jordan's hands were all over them. Her large breasts spilled over, even too big for his large hands to contain. He squeezed them hard, making Sam's sex wet as they kissed and groped each other. She found his hard cock wedged in his shorts, grabbing it firmly as he continued to fondle her breasts.

More clothing disappeared and they were finally naked, standing in each other's arms in the middle of the room. She had her hand firmly around his cock as he tweaked her nipples and they continued to kiss. When the kiss broke she looked into his eyes and started to fall to her knees but he stopped her before she got halfway down.

"Oh no... Your emoji didn't have a dick and lips... it had a dick and a pussy. No more blowjobs, I want the real thing," he said sternly.

"By all means, big boy," she said walking backward until she fell onto her bed. She licked her finger, spread her legs and eased it into her ripe sex. "Come get me," she said, biting her lip.

He crossed the distance between them rapidly and she removed her finger. Grabbing his cock, he bent it horizontal, squatted slightly and sawed his head up and down her moist lips several times before feeding it into her hot tunnel. They both moaned as the initial stimulation from penetration caught them both off guard.

"Oh, hell yeah! That's more like it," Jordan said taking his sweet time and watching every inch descend slowly into Sam's smoking hot body.

Wet velvety bliss encapsulated his cock and the visual was stunning. Her large breast had made huge circled mounds on her chest, her gorgeous blonde hair fanned out from her head and the look of pure ecstasy was written on her incredible face. His shaft finally disappeared and his body met hers. Leaning over, Jordan took hold of her spectacular breasts, fondling them gently before pinching both nipples and pulling them high off her mounds before releasing them. They jiggled before coming to rest and he repeated the action once again as he eased out of her slowly, basking in the exquisite sensations coursing through his cock.

"I've missed you inside of me... I was just so preoccupied with sucking you last week," she said, looking up at him.

"Looks like we'll have to make up for it," he said, slamming his cock into her with purpose.

"Mmmm, do that more... and more," she giggled.

Jordan obeyed relentlessly.

**

"Six more days, six more days," Brandon kept repeating in his head as he slammed Rachel over and over all the way through her orgasm. He loved watching her cum; she scrunched up her cute little nose as her entire body tightened up. He could see the waves of pleasure vibrate her body as the bliss must have been rolling over her. Her nipples were erect during her orgasm, her small breasts rocking gently with each thrust of his body. His cock was humming with pleasure. He knew he was close and needed to be careful not to let his pleasure peak. Now that she was cumming he eased back, moving his cock slowly in and out of her exceptionally wet pussy. It was like sliding inside hot, wet, pulsing, perfection. Looking down at her flushed face and aroused body, as her climax began to ebb, he smiled to himself because he knew she was satisfied from the slight grin of gratification on her face.

He pulled out completely, his cock rock hard and straining upward almost arching enough to touch his navel; he was so pumped with blood. Rachel opened her eyes and the smile grew on her face.
