 "What the hell? What happened to us helping prepare you?" Julie fumed.

"It just kind of happened. Brandon knew something was up with me and we got discussing what would happen after the contest ends and one thing led to another," Rachel explained.

"And he got you to take the big plug?" Becca asked.

"No, not exactly, but he went hard and fast with the anal twist so we figured I'm good to go."

"Well, that sucks. I was looking forward to more practice," Julie said. "I'm sorry but I don't think I need anymore. I'm ready for him. Actually, I can hardly wait and I know he can't."

"Oh, I bet. How did he not fuck you after doing all that practice?" Becca asked.

"No shit! That boy has some serious willpower," Sam said.

"He kind of just left real quickly but I know it wasn't easy. He was sporting a major hardon and had made a serious mess in his shorts."

"Wow, he deserves anal. If anyone does it's Brandon," Julie said.

"Agree, and he's going to get it. All he wants," Rachel said, grinning.

The girls were catching up on all things Rachel after Sam texted Julie the next morning about what Ryan did the night before. Both Becca and Julie came over immediately to get the details. They all agreed to keep an eye out for him, then the conversation turned to practice for Rachel.

"I think we should meet here for Julie's turn with Brandon. We all know Rachel and he are going to want to do it afterward and I don't want to have surrender my room again," Becca said.

"Good point. Rachel, you'll have to tell Brandon to come to our room and we'll just see if Julie has what it takes to beat me," Sam said.

"I'm going to give it my best effort for sure. This isn't over yet, even if Rachel and Brandon wish it was," Julie said.

"Yeah, it's been the longest week already! And I'm sure I have no idea how bad it's been for Brandon. He would love if it could end today or sooner."

"Nope, we never quit on a contest and we aren't going to start now," Julie said. "I guess now that you don't need to practice that frees me up to get some of my own in with Rob. He's going to get his cock sucked a lot in the next couple days," she said, giggling.

**

Brandon was going to town on Rachel's ass. Driving his cock hard and deep with each thrust, basking in the tight sensation around his shaft. She was on her back with her legs up and held by her friends as they rooted him on to fuck her ass harder. He could feel his semen boiling and his balls ready to explode. He pulled out and the first burst of semen woke him up from his erotic dream as his cock sprayed its load into his underwear, making a huge mess from his nocturnal emission.

"Fuck! Oh fuck no!" he said as his cock continued to contract and let loose what he was supposed to be keeping in for Julie's turn.

He tried to stop it by squeezing his cock but nothing could stem the flow or contractions. He had just drained his balls only a couple days from the end of the contest. He was seriously freaking out. Should he tell them? Should he keep it a secret? Would they suspect if he lasted too long with Julie? If he did tell them they'd make him wait another full week, which meant no anal for him or sex at all with Rachel! He couldn't do it. He decided rather quickly as he laid in his bed with jizz still oozing out of his cock soaking his shorts, that he wasn't going to say a damn thing. He couldn't wait another week. Especially after that dream. Fuck what a dream.

He finally got out of bed and cleaned himself up. His cock went soft quickly and he knew that everything he had built up over the week was now gone. Too much anticipation and especially with what he did with Rachel just the night before. It was inevitable that he would have this kind of dream. It wasn't his fault and he wasn't going to tell anyone. Not even Rachel.

"Doesn't matter anyway. Julie wasn't going to beat Sam. No way," he said out loud to justify his decision.

He sat down on his bed, put his head in his hands and scratched his head. He would just have to build it back up fast. Fluids and porn. That was the answer. Or maybe more practice with Rachel, though they had decided to see less of each other these next couple days because he was supposed to be avoiding any temptation. He couldn't exactly ask to see her without explaining what happened. Fluids and porn it was then.

"Fucking dream!" he cursed.

**

Julie texted Rob, asking for his schedule for the next couple days. After he texted it back, he asked why and her reply made his eyes widen and a large grin cross his face. Apparently she had the urge to suck him off as much as possible and he was told to make himself and his cock available to her. He didn't have a problem with that. He texted back that he'd be waiting and ready anytime she wanted, schedule be damned.

Suddenly, in the middle of class, Julie stood up and walked out, texting as she went: I'm on my way now.

A few minutes later she arrived at Rob's place and went up to his room and knocked.

"It's open," she heard him say.

She opened the door and walked in to find Rob lying naked on his bed. His tall frame taking up the entire bed and his cock already hard, arching over his tight abs.

"Mmm, you look good enough to eat," Julie said, dropping her backpack on the ground shutting the door and walking over to her man.

"That's the idea," Rob said.

She climbed on the bed with him, straddling his muscled legs, hovering her head just above his throbbing black cock. It was larger than Brandon's but still manageable without hands. Before she touched it she looked up at Rob.

"I don't want you to hold back. Cum as soon as you can, even in my mouth if you want."

"Okay, sure thing, babe."

Julie knelt up tall to take her shirt and bra off, giving Rob a great view of her exceptional breasts and toned abs with her hands over her head. She dropped them off the bed and leaned over to his cock again. Licking from his balls all the way up the shaft, Rob sighed in pleasure before Julie used only her mouth to pull his cock back towards her and proceeded to engulf him. She managed half of his shaft before things became very crowded in her mouth. She struggled with another fourth before she couldn't move lower to finish off his extensive shaft. Rob was just too long and wide for even her trained mouth. She held him as deep as she could, vibrating her vocal chords before slowly withdrawing his cock from her mouth with her lips tight around his shaft.

"Fuck me! Damn, girl that's amazing!" Rob voiced.

Julie was not done, not by a long shot. She kicked her sucking into high gear, bobbing her head up and down on his cock halfway each time with her lips tight around his shaft. She had never sucked him so quickly before. There was never any hurry but, just like her roommates, she wanted to see how fast she could get her boyfriend off. The friction from holding his cock vertical put a lot of strain on the roof of her mouth and lips but she continued until she could hear Rob begin to moan and his breathing became hurried, making her work even harder.

She watched the expression on his face as she bobbed. She's seen his O face before and wasn't surprised when his cock let loose in her mouth. She caught two huge burst of semen before she had to let him out of her mouth semen and all. She knew he wanted to be stroked or sucked through his orgasm so she figured hands would be okay since he was cumming already. She finished him off with both hands as his cock shot five more ropes of thick white cum onto his black chest and stomach. All the while he squirmed and moaned in pleasure. She used the semen from her mouth to stroke his cock hard and fast through his complete orgasm. 

His cock eased down and she let it go to fall in the mess she had made.

"Holy shit, Julie... where did that come from?" he asked.

"I told you I really wanted to suck you today. How quickly do you think you came? Like less than two minutes?" she asked.

"Maybe... don't really know. It was fast for sure," he responded, covered in his released load.

"Yeah, it was pretty fast," she said, then mumbled, "but will it be fast enough."

"What's that? I missed that last part."

"Nothing. Never mind," she said getting off of him and finding something to clean him up.

When she returned to the bed and dropped a towel on his chest she asked him, "Could I have done anything to make you cum faster?"

"Faster? Seriously?"

"Yeah, anything at all?"

"Don't think so... I mean, shit... it was crazy hot and fast anyway."

"Yeah, okay... glad you liked it."

He could tell she wasn't satisfied with his answer and had no idea why. She had never sucked his cock or made him cum so fast before. Usually she takes her time and savors his cock for a long while. This was the first time she was just focused on him cumming. And apparently she wanted it even faster.

"We could try again in a few minutes... I might be able to point something out if I'm looking for it the next time. You never told me I was supposed to give feedback to you," he said, chuckling.

"Okay, good idea. I don't have another class for a couple of hours anyway and I'm supposed to still be in English lit," she said.

"Well, sweet, then get naked and I'll return the favor while we wait for my cock to wake up again."

**

Brandon finished his second 20 oz. Gatorade as he stroked his cock slowly to the smoking hot blond being done in the ass by a long cock. The quality of the video was excellent, the blond was not only gorgeous but had the body to go with it, cleanly shaven without a blemish on her body. The camera work was exceptional, just enough close-ups to not be overbearing and the director let the actors pretty much go at their own pace.

Brandon brought himself close to orgasm as he reveled in the phenomenal anal sex before him on his laptop. His dorm room door was locked, his roommate in class and not expected back for hours. He thought this was the only way he could think of to build up his potency. Bringing himself up to the verge of climax and letting go of his cock so his balls screamed for release but only letting pre-cum leave his dick. He edged like this for two hours straight before he finally got dressed and went to a class he couldn't miss. He kept the thoughts of anal with Rachel in his mind almost constantly and couldn't wait to do to her what he had just watched on his computer. A couple more days of the same and he felt he'd be right ready for Julie and none of them would suspect a thing.

**

Julie wiggled out of her pants and underwear, joining Rob on the bed. He dropped the dirty towel on the ground and slipped off the bed to kneel next to the side. Grabbing Julie's legs, he spun her body around until her legs were hanging off. Pushing them up and out, he lowered his head and immediately covered the whole of her sex with his mouth, slipping his long tongue deep inside her tangy hole. He rooted around for a few seconds before sliding it up to her clit that was just beginning to grow hard. Sucking firmly, he pulled the nub into his mouth along with some folds and flicked it with his tongue. Reaching forward, Rob grabbed both of her perky breasts easily with his long arms as he continued to suck and flick her clit.

Julie's nipples responded to his hands rapidly and he was soon twisting and pulling on them as he ate and licked everything he could get his mouth on. His height had its advantages. He could pretty much touch any part of her smaller body with his hands and still pleasure her sex with his mouth. His hands were large but nimble, never overbearing and Julie basked in the rapture he produced with his mouth and hands. The first signs of new life awoke in Rob's cock as Julie neared her first oral orgasm. By the time she was cumming his cock was half erect and bouncing its way to full height. Julie screamed in ecstasy, her back arched and legs trembling from the explosive orgasm Rob generated within her.

Juices flowed, nipples burned with pleasure as her pussy contracted in his mouth. He pinned her clit between his teeth and flicked it without mercy, causing her to thrash and grab at the bed beneath her.

"Too much... too much!" she moaned.

The first new drip of pre-cum oozed from Rob's hard cock, making its way down his extensive shaft. He loved eating his hot girlfriends white pussy. Loved making her beg for him to stop when it got too sensitive and loved not listening, driving her absolutely nuts.

Her squirming became too much and Rob finally lost his grip on her clit and let her go. He watched her pant and shake on the bed for the next thirty seconds. His cock in his hand, he stroked it slowly, making sure it wasn't going to dwindle as she recovered from her massive climax. Once she opened her eyes and settled down he stood up and towered over her.

"Oh, wow... look who is all big and hard again!" she said seeing his long cock arching over her.

"That's right, babe... come get it," he said.

Julie sat up slowly still reeling from her orgasm to sit on the edge of the bed. She reached up, pulled his cock down and opened her mouth.

"You still want pointers?" he asked.

"Oh yeah, well not right now... I'm a little dizzy and need to catch my breath before I try and make you cum again. Maybe you can make love to me for a while."

"Fine with me," he said, as she lay back down.

Rob grabbed her legs again, opened them as he lifted. Sawing his huge cock up and down her freshly eaten sex, he finally slip his dark purple head into her aroused and wet pussy. Both of the young college students moaned as each inch descended slowly until Rob's large, loose ballsack hit Julie's ass. He basked in the hot wet insides of his girlfriend for a few seconds before pulling his glistening cock from her body again. Leaving nothing touching her, his cock flipped out, forcing him to use his hand again to push it back into position before thrusting deep. This lunge made Julie's perfect breasts move toward her face only to come to rest quickly again as perfect circles on her chest.

She moaned quietly, her lip between her teeth, as Rob proceeded to thrust and withdraw over and over, choosing a nice steady pace, each time going as deep as he could inside her tight young body. Holding both ankles with one hand, Rob used his other to fondle her incredible perky tits. His large black hand easily covering a breast separate and almost both of them together. He twisted and pulled at her nipples as he repeated his thrusts into her exquisite body, staring down at her.

Julie enjoyed the sensations flooding her body. She was still flushed and aroused from her orgasm and Rob's hand playing with her breasts as his large cock continued its motions inside of her, bathed her in pleasure she celebrated in. She knew he'd have some serious staying power after the large climax earlier and with no plans for hours she was plenty content to lie on her back and let the magic cock do its work. She'd let him build up his potency before she finished him off with her mouth again. At that moment, she didn't really care about the contest. Letting the waves of pleasure spread through her from the rush of the cock in and out, took all her concerns and thoughts away. She loved his long, thick, meaty cock, the best she's ever had. No sense in thinking of anything else.

**

Brandon got through with his 'must attend' class and headed right back to his dorm room. Problem was his roommate was there as well, so edging to more porn wasn't going to be possible. At least not in his dorm room. He contemplated telling Rachel what had happened, hoping she would be willing to help build up his potency before Julie. Problem was, he was worried she'd tell her friends what happened and he'd have to start another week of denial. From what he knew of their competitions, they take them very seriously and he was afraid Rachel would confide in her friends even over her want of the contest to be over. He decided he wouldn't take the chance. Sure if he told them then he'd get to have sex with Rachel to start the new week but it wouldn't be the anal he was looking forward to. He also didn't want to have to endure another entire week without, but mostly because of the anal.

He said a couple words to his roommate before turning around and heading back out into the hall. He pulled out his phone and texted Rachel. "Can I see you?" He waited for the reply.

"You sure that's wise?" she texted back.

"Probably not but I don't care."

"Where?" she asked.

"Anywhere private."

"I know that's not wise. We're both horny?" she texted.

"Exactly. I need you. Promise I won't cum."

"You only have two days more, babe?"

"I know, but I can't not see you. Maybe we can just do what we did last night again."

"I don't think I need any more practice, Brandon."

"Please?"

It took a full minute before Rachel gave in and told him to come over to her room and she'd meet him. He had already been walking there as he texted her and arrived ten minutes before her. She had to leave a class in the middle but decided he was worth it and seemed like he really needed to see her. She found him standing by her door with a mischievous grin on his face.

"Wow, someone's eager to see me?" she said, opening the door and letting him in.

"Can you blame me? he said, coming up behind her and pointing over her shoulder into a mirror on the wall. "Look how hot you are?"

"Pouring it on think as well," she said, giggling. "So what? You just want me to get naked again and you can have your way with me with the toys?" she said turning around to face him.

"Or something like that," he said, picking her up and kissing her as he carried her to her bed.

They didn't stop kissing as he laid her down and joined her on the bed. Her legs opened and his body fell between them, his cock growing rapidly in his pants, like he hoped it would. Fully dressed they made-out for a good five minutes before they gave their mouths a rest. His hands were up her shirt and under her bra, his cock grinding on her sex. Both breathing hard and the next step in a normal couple would be all clothes off and sex. But they weren't normal, not yet anyway. She stopped him as he was getting into her pants.

"We can't. There is no way you'll not cum this close to a week," she said, grabbing his hands.

"What does it matter, Julie's not going to beat Sam's time anyway," he said, trying to continue.

"What did you say? Oh no. We've come this far, we have to finish the contest and make it fair for everyone."

"Ahhh, fine!" he shouted and sat up away from her. "But you know as well as I do that Julie's not going to come close to Samantha's time."

"That may be but we have to give her a chance. You never know she may surprise you. Besides, aren't you forgetting about the promise I made you?" she asked.

"I'm definitely not forgetting that, it's just... well, I'm done with this and it's killing me these last few days."

"I know, sweetie... and if there was anything I could do to help I would, but short of ruining the contest, I can't think of anything."

"We could just not tell them?" he said, trying one last time.

"I couldn't live with that. Somehow it would get out and Julie would be pissed."

"Yeah, you'd have to tell, wouldn't you?" he asked.

"I would, it's just how we are."

Brandon knew for sure he couldn't tell her about the wet dream. He himself didn't give a fuck about the contest anymore or if it was fair for Julie. What fucking difference did it make who could suck him off the fastest? Stupid contest anyway. He knew he could have sex with Rachel and be fine but there was no way to convince her of this without telling her the truth and he was sure as shit not about to do that.

"Yeah, fine. I get it. I'll just suffer a couple more days," he said, sitting on the edge of the bed with his head down.
