 **Sorry this took so long to finish**



Rachel gently slid the small plug the rest of the way into her ass. She wanted to be partially ready for Brandon before the big night. Once it was in, she turned off the shower, dried off and got dressed, joining her friends in her dorm room already waiting for Brandon. The night had finally arrived. The plug in her ass wasn't as uncomfortable as she thought it would be to walk around with. On the contrary. It was turning her on more than she expected. The anticipation to do anal with Brandon, along with the plug, had her all worked up. She couldn't wait for him to arrive and quickly cum for Julie so they could have the room to themselves.

 This last week had dragged on and on. She hadn't seen him at all for two days. He hadn't showed up for biology ether. Ever since that conversation in her room, he had stayed true to not seeing her at all. So now that the day had finally arrived it made it all the more exciting to see him. She had showered, shaved and was clean and ready for him to take her anal virginity. It surprised her how anxious she was, she didn't expect to be, but all the practice and the orgasms from those practices make her unafraid and completely opposite of hesitant.

 Rachel was the last to arrive. The other three had been waiting for her and Brandon for about ten minutes.

 "Is he not here yet?" Rachel asked, as she walked into her room.

 "Nope, we thought he might be with you?" Julie said.

 "Weird. I haven't seen him for two days. I thought for sure he'd be early," Rachel said.

 "So did we? Especially this time," Sam said.

 "I'm sure he'll show up any second," Becca added.

 Except he didn't. Brandon didn't show up on time or thirty minutes after the time he was supposed to. Rachel started getting worried. She texted twice with no response and finally called his phone that went immediately to voicemail. Something was wrong. All four of them realized it. Something had stopped him from coming to meet them. It had to be the only explanation because he wouldn't have chosen not to show up. No way, not with what was at stake.

 "We have to go look for him?" Rachel said.

 "I think she's right," Julie commented.

 It was an hour past sundown when the four girls headed out of the dorm to walk the route toward Brandon's room. Most of the students were already home or out. Classes were over for the day so there wasn't many people walking around. About halfway to Brandon's dorm they found him lying under a tree unconscious, having been beaten severely. His phone was smashed next to him. Rachel screamed and ran to him. Julie was already dialing 911. Campus security showed up first then the paramedics. Brandon was still unconscious as they took him away in the ambulance.

 **

 "It had to be Ryan!" Who else would do this to him?" Rachel asked.

 "Probably, Julie agreed. We'll tell the cops what we know."

 The four friends were in the waiting room of the nearby hospital. They had yet to be told how Brandon was doing and how bad he was hurt. The police showed up for answers before the doctors reported on Brandon's condition. Rachel was a mess so the other three explained what they thought might have happened with Ryan and all the cops said was they'd look into it. Finally a doctor appeared to give them some information. 

 "How is he?" Julie asked.

 "He's awake, but in a great deal of pain. He has three broken ribs, several lacerations on his face and has significant damage to his reproductive organs. Someone beat him terribly.

 Rachel vomited.

 **

 Three months later.

 "They don't know if he'll regain full function until he tries?" Rachel said.

 "But they managed to save both of his testicles, right?"

 "Yes, but they don't know if they work or if he can even get hard anymore."

 "Are you telling me he hasn't had a boner since he was beaten?" Becca asked.

 "Nope." Rachel explained.

 "Well, fuck... he's screwed," Becca added.

 "It's been too painful. With the ribs and then the soft tissue damage he hasn't felt well enough to want to get hard."

 "At least Ryan's in prison. That asshole didn't get away with this," Julie said.

 "Yep, the campus security cameras caught the whole thing," Rachel said.

 "Good, I hope he gets what's coming to him in prison," Sam said.

 "Yeah, Brandon is coming back to school soon. He'll have to take all his classes again after this much time off."

 "So has he been given the okay to... well you know?" Julie asked.

 "Yeah, he called to tell me an hour ago that the doctors said he's free to try. The pain's gone. He wants me to be the one who's with him this first time. Make sure he's back to normal."

 "And if he's not? What can they do if it isn't normal?" Becca asked.

 "We'll cross that bridge if we have to."

 "Good luck with that. What a mess. Fucking Ryan!"

 "I know, I'm so angry with Ryan if I think about him I get so upset I'm a mess for a few hours. I've had to not think about him since testifying in court." 

 "So when are you meeting Brandon?" Sam asked, changing the subject.

 "In about ten minutes. Actually I should go now. Wish us luck. If he is able and okay, he has told me that he hasn't forgotten the contest. He still wants to help finish it."

 Everyone looked at Julie who was the only one who hadn't gotten her chance with him.

 "Well, it really doesn't matter that much. Why don't we worry about that if he's okay," Julie said.

 "Yeah, okay... I'll tell him. Got to go," Rachel said, standing up to leave.

 **

 Several scars on Brandon's face were still tender, especially the one over his right eye. His nose had a little bend to it now but the plastic surgeon had done a pretty good job putting him back together. He unpacked his things before sitting down at his desk and waiting for Rachel. He was scared to death. He didn't know what he'd do if he was impotent. He couldn't imagine a life without sex. The pain had been so bad even with the drugs that he hadn't even thought about sex, but now he's pretty much healed up. His ribs were still tender if he inhaled too deep but even they were almost completely healed.

 The knock sounded on the door. He knew it was Rachel but he hesitated answering it. She was afraid to even try because he didn't know if he could handle bad news. She had visited him every day in the hospital as he recovered. She knew what he was up against and he knew how devastating impotence would be to her. Brandon figured that was why Ryan had kicked him so many times in the balls. He was getting even with Rachel through Brandon. Since size was apparently so important to her, Ryan was going to take Brandon's size out of the equation by making him useless. Brandon hoped Ryan was not successful.

 He finally got up and let Rachel in. She hugged him immediately but not too hard because of the ribs.

 "How are you feeling?" she asked.

 "Good, pretty much back to normal."

 "You look nervous?" she said, taking his hands and walking to the bed to sit down.

 "I am... I don't want to disappoint you... myself... I'm terrified, Rachel."

 "I know, sweetie, we'll just take what comes and deal with it."

 "I just keep thinking about that night and how things could have been different. I was so excited to get to your room, I wasn't paying attention to anything else. I never saw him or heard him until he cold cocked me from behind in the ear. I was down so fast and then he just started kicking me."

 "Nothing you could have done. You can't blame yourself. He is a coward rat bastard."

 "Maybe, but let me ask you something. Do you believe in Karma?" Brandon asked.

 "I don't know, maybe... why?"

 "Well, this has really been bugging me... I wasn't completely honest with you and the others," he began.

 "What do you mean? About what?" she asked.

 "The contest."

 "The contest? What do you mean? How is that relevant?"

 "That last week about three days before Julie, I had a sex dream and came in my dream and in my pants, like big time. I kept it a secret because I didn't want to start over another week."

 "I see... so that's why you wanted to see me so bad that day. I can't believe you think that because of this, Karma beat you up? It's just a stupid contest! Karma had nothing to do with what Ryan did to you!"

 "Maybe not, but I had to tell you. I should have told you then. It's not like me to lie or keep secrets. It was just the chance of anal and all the plans we had after the contest. I was selfish and didn't want to wait again. Do you forgive me?" he asked.

 "Oh my... of course I do, you silly boy," she said kissing him.

 "It may seem silly to you but it's really been bugging me. I'm glad it's all out in the open now and you're okay with it."

 "I'm more than okay... I love you Brandon... all of this has confirmed that for me. You're like the prefect guy?"

 "Well, that's yet to be decided," he said, looking down at his crotch.

 "Ahh yes, there is that, but I have faith the doctors did a good job. One way to find out?" she said.

 **

 "What will Rachel do if he can't get it up?" Julie asked Sam.

 "She hasn't really said. She loves him though so I'm thinking if he can't perform she'll still stay with him."

 "And doom herself to a sexless relationship? How sad, especially after learning how good it can be after Ryan," Becca said.

 "What do you want her to do? Dump him?" Julie asked.

 "I know it sounds harsh but think about it. She's barely twenty. Could you guys go without?" Becca asked.

 "I don't know... that's a tough one," Sam said. 

 "I know I couldn't. I love sex too much," Becca said.

 "Well let's just pray Brandon has full function and the Rachel won't have to worry about it," Julie said.

 All three of them exchanged worried expressions before departing for the evening to meet up with their boyfriends.

 **

 "We'll just go slowly," Rachel said, leaning in for a kiss.

 Brandon kissed her back as she wrapped her arms around him and snuggled closer. He was so focused on worry that he couldn't concentrate on kissing her or relaxing. His kisses were stiff and became forced, making Rachel break from him with a worried look.

 "You need to relax, Brandon. You're not letting yourself even try by being too worried. What would help you relax? Should I take my clothes off? Should you? Should I tell you what I had planned for you that terrible night?"

 He didn't answer and she had never seen him so afraid before. His face was almost bloodless with worry and contorted with fear. Rachel stood up and as she undressed she talked to him about her plans that night.

 "I took a shower before you were supposed to come over. I shaved my legs and pussy for you so I was nice and smooth. Before I got out, I used some conditioner on my ass and inserted the small plug. I was hoping you'd find it when you undressed me that night," she said, taking off her shirt and pants.

 "I was thinking you could do me with the plug in before we moved on to anal. I wanted to feel your cock in me with the plug in my ass. I'm sure you would have made me cum at least once before we went on to anal. I couldn't believe how hot the plug made me. I was dripping wet waiting for you to arrive," she said dropping her bra to the ground with her hands over her breasts.

 Brandon was staring at her. His heart was racing as he listened and watched this tall gorgeous creature strip for him as she talked dirty. He finally felt what he was hoping for about the time she said she wanted to feel his cock in her with the plug in her ass. His dormant cock sprung to life and began to rise slowly in his pants.

 Rachel sauntered toward him, removing her hands from her tits so he could see them and dropped to her knees by the side of the bed. She reached up, running her hands up his legs to the waistband on his shorts. She was terrified. If she pulled down his pants and he wasn't hard or getting hard she knew there was a problem. She had to know though, so she pulled on his shorts and was pleased when he rose up and helped get them off. As she pulled them off, his growing cock swung forward, bouncing its way to erect.

 "Oh thank gawd!" she gushed.

 Brandon looked down and watched his large cock continue to grow. He felt like crying. His fear had been in vain, he could still get hard. When she reached forward and took ahold of his shaft he had never felt anything better in his life. Suddenly, without warning his cock began to ejaculate in an unprecedented explosion, spraying Rachel in the face with dark yellow semen, which had been dormant for months. It just kept coming out in large bursts and she wasn't even touching him anymore. Brandon groaned as his ass clenched and his cock spewed forth it's pent up load all over Rachel's face and breasts.

 "Holy shit!" she said as it kept splattering her.

 It didn't look normal and smelled very pungent, having blood mixed in from the injury. Once his cock finally eased down, Rachel was practically blind from the mess. It was up to Brandon to find something to clean her off.

 "I'm sorry, I wasn't expecting this to happen," he said as he handed her a towel.

 "Judas... it's thick and discolored."

 "I think that's from the injury. Hopefully it will whiten up now."

 "Well, at least it still works," Rachel said, laughing.

 She finished cleaning herself off and the full sized towel was almost all used. She stood up and sat on the bed, making sure she had it all off. Her hair was the problem. It was difficult to get it out of her hair without a shower. Finally she turned to Brandon, dropping the towel on the floor. She noticed his cock had diminished a little but hadn't gone all the way soft.

 "What did that feel like?" she asked.

 "It was different for sure. Longer than a normal orgasm but the pleasure felt more like a cleansing then an intense orgasm. I think that needed to come out for a while."

 "Well, I wasn't stroking you through it either."

 "Yeah, we were both caught off guard."

 "I'd say."  

 She reached over and touched his cock tentatively, almost worried it would start ejaculating again. She noticed a few scars, mostly on his testicles where the doctors had sewed him back together. She lifted his cock, running her fingers down the shaft and over his loose balls, tenderly touching the scars. Brandon enjoyed the sensations of her soft hands, leaning back and letting her inspect him.

 Rachel noticed rather quickly that his cock was plumping up as she touched and caressed him, but she didn't say anything or get aggressive. Instead she traced his shaft with her fingers and caressed his balls for a few minutes until he was fully hard and throbbing again. New pre-cum had appeared out of his slit and she was pleased to see it perfectly clear and slippery like normal. She'd been wanting to suck a cock for a while now and had been hungering for sex again since the accident.

 Brandon took in a gulp of air as Rachel leaned over and sucked his head into her mouth. She descended down his shaft with her hot, wet mouth, sending intense pleasure into his body. Relief flooded him as the pleasure overwhelmed him. The fear of never experiencing this again had terrified him and now that he was, he couldn't stop the tears of joy from coming. He wiped them away before Rachel noticed, leaning back a little more to enjoy her talented mouth.

 To her he tasted wonderful. His pre-cum was just as it was before the beating and his cock felt and acted the same as well. She hadn't been this relieved and happy since before the hospital. She felt herself getting wet, her nipples even pulling tight as she proceeded to suck him deep, shallow and everywhere in between. His cock was perfect, Brandon was perfect. She couldn't wait to have him inside her and tell her friends the good news.

 **

 "You seem a little distant," Jordan said to Samantha as she stared down at her blank phone on the restaurant table.

 "Sorry... I'm thinking about Rachel and Brandon."

 "I heard he returned to school today. Pretty messed up what happened to him," Jordan said.

 "Big time. I was hoping to hear from Rachel by now if he's okay."

 "Okay? What do you mean... he's back isn't he?"

 "Well, yes but there may have been some permanent damage done to his... you know,"

 "Oh shit, really?"

 "Yeah, Ryan kind of targeted that area."

 "What an ass. Why did he do that?"

 "Jealousy."

 "Wow, I hope Brandon's okay. So since you were expecting her to let you know they must be trying out the equipment to see if it still works."

 "Exactly."

 "Well, since you haven't heard that's probably good news. They're hopefully "busy" if you know what I mean."

 "Let's hope so. I don't know what she'll do if he can't have sex anymore. I couldn't do it."

 "That's true... you like it too much," Jordan said, chuckling.

 "Damn straight, lucky for you," Sam said.

 "Hell yeah, you don't hear me complaining. Speaking of which, want to get out of here?" he asked, grinning.

 "Yes I do... my room is empty. Rachel went to Brandon's place."

 "Check please!" Jordan shouted at the waiter.

 **

 The amount of blood pulsing in Brandon's cock was massive. Rachel didn't think she had ever felt his cock so rigid and wide before. His head and shaft were unyielding in her mouth and the veins along his cock were pressing out in high definition. His repaired balls were tight around the base of his cock seemingly ready to burst again. She gave his cock one last deep descent before letting him pop out of her mouth with an audible noise.

 "Shit, I've missed that!" Brandon said, looking down at his purple head and shaft.

 His cock almost hurt from the supply of blood pressing from the inside out. Rachel was smiling up at him with glee. She looked even happier than he felt now that they knew he was fully functional again.

 "You know what this means?" he asked.

 "Yeah, this means you can fuck me now," she said, pushing him over on his back.

 "Okay, that too, but what I was thinking was the contest can be completed," he said as Rachel climbed over him with a look of lust on her face.

 "I guess so. I told Julie you still wanted to finish it if you were able. She didn't seem to really care, more worried about if you were okay," she said, straddling his body and moving backward with her hips to find his rock hard cock.

 "I think she... deserves... a... chance... mmmm," Brandon moaned as Rachel eased onto his cock with her hot, wet sex.

 "Let's worry about that later," Rachel said, as she finished burying his long cock into her body.

 She had definitely missed the sensation of his long, firm cock inside her. The depths it reached were phenomenal and the width spread her lips tight around his shaft. Her clit was mashed against his body as she grinded down on his cock and held him deep as she pressed her pubic bone into his. Rapture filled her entire body both from the sex and the relief to know he was okay and able to make her feel like this again. Three months had been a long, long time to have to wait to have a cock, a real cock again.

 She had given into some urges during the three months and partook by herself with the anal twist and even continued to keep her ass well prepared with the plugs. But no toy was as good as having Brandon's real cock inside her again. The heat, the width, the throbbing she could feel and the body beneath her was uncopiable. As the relief and pleasure overwhelmed her, she too felt tears come to her eyes. Brandon saw them before she wiped them away but he didn't say anything.

 A few seconds later, she rocked forward and back onto him quickly. Now it was all about the pleasure and she started working toward an orgasm literally months in the making.

 **

 Samantha's giant breasts almost bounced out of her bra as she and Jordan rushed to her room. Once inside, he picked her up and fell with her onto the bed, already kissing each other. His hands found her breasts a second later, unable to keep them off his favorite thing. He squeezed hard as he kissed her with full mouth and tongue, feeling her nipples harden under his hands. His cock grew rapidly as the kissing and fondling continued until it was pinned uncomfortably in his pants between the two. He ignored it, keeping his hands on her perfect breasts and kissing her until she rolled him over. He knew she wouldn't last very long before she unleashed his cock.
