 "Hey baby. You should come over here. I have a surprise for you. Only if you want it of course." I wink, "When I go down on you I'm going to go really slow, no need to rush". 

I'll have you sit back and relax as I slowly unbutton, unzip, and slide your pants off. Then I'll kiss your stomach and down to your hips. I'll play with your dick with my hand while I give you kisses nearby. Then I'm going to kiss closer, and closer, moving down your thigh and start to lick and kiss your balls, still softly caressing your cock. 

Ill slowly lick the base of your cock moving toward the tip slowly. I will barely be touching your head and my tongue will be dancing around it, then my lips will lock on softly and slide down until they are just past your head. My tongue will be playing all over your cock as I take you in deeper, grabbing your hips to prevent myself from swallowing you whole right away. 

My right hand slides over, massaging your cock in rhythm with my mouth. When you start getting really sensitive I'll slow down and stop sucking, but keep massaging it with my hand, ill say 'aw, but baby, you haven't been in my pussy yet" with an innocent look but my eyes burning in desire. 

Then ill say "or do you not want my warm, wet pussy surrounding your big hard cock?" as I slowly climb on top of you holding my pussy less than an inch above your cock. Then I lower just a bit and you can feel the intense heat radiating off of me. I feel you slightly move, wanting it so bad. 

I lower, taping your head with my wet pussy slowly enveloping your head. I move slowly in a circular motion, up, down, side to side with only your head in my pussy. My cunt is begging me to go down, but I squeeze your muscular arms in protest, I want it to last a long time. 

I can feel the blood in your rock hard cock pulsing in my pussy and I lower a bit to let myself feel more of it, still going in my circular motion. I continue going down a bit further every time I go down and it excites me all the more, really wanting your whole cock deep inside me, I will have it soon enough. 

I go down more and more soon having your cock rocking side to side deep in my pussy rubbing my g spot, driving me insane and putting me on the verge of coming. 

Though your cock is overflowing my brain with pleasure, I keep a steady pace rubbing your head on that spot. When we're both about to explode I'll say "oh, babe. Please suck my pussy, I'm begging you." Then ill quickly move with you onto the bed and turn so my sopping wet pussy just above your face as your pussy-covered cock stands deliciously in front of my eyes. 

"I really want to taste your cum, it's been so long..." And with that I begin pumping your dick with my hand while sucking up the mixture of my pussy and your pre-cum all over your cock. 

I feel you pause enough to whisper, "Oh, baby. I'm going to- I'm going to cum!" My sucking intensifies and that phrase sends me over the edge and my whole body shudders as I cum all over and in your mouth, then it seems time slows as I feel you dick tighten, ready to explode and fill my mouth with your delicious cum. Then it happens, as soon as I feel your hot cum streaming out of your cock I go down, all the way, swallowing you down my throat, feeling your cock pulse inside my mouth. There is so much, I pull back to swallow my favorite juice in the world and feel your cock convulse again and fill my mouth, dripping out of the corners of my lips. I swallow that as well.

When you we're done cumming I leisurely slow down until you were completely clean and satisfied. I stop sucking on you and look up and your cum-covered face and I come up to clean you off. I kiss away all my cum off your face and lick my lips. I give you a deep, passionate kiss and then I fall asleep on your chest, in your arms with you.