 [Note: As all of my other stories, this one is 100% true.]

" I was at work only three and a half hours ago, diligently typing on my computer," I thought to myself incredulously as the last jet of cum splashed across her perky titties. I could never have imagined, when I woke up that earlier that morning, that I'd be back in my living room only a few hours later, laying down stripes on this petite blonde's chest. I drank the image in as her cum-splashed torso rose and fell with every heavy breath, my cock still twitching from the spasms, knowing that I'll remember this little afternoon adventure for the rest of my life.

I was about 26 at the time, and at the tail end of a relationship that had seen better days. My day began as a perfectly ordinary Tuesday afternoon in June. I made coffee (black and bitter, as I liked it at the time)...I chatted with a few coworkers...I logged onto my computer and sipped my nasty, black coffee as I gradually settled into a rhythm as mesmerizing as the lines of computer code on my screen. I'm good for about 100 or so lines of code before my eyes begin to diverge and the letters begin to blur, fade and dance across the screen like ghosts on a page. I felt that familiar sensation around 10:30 that morning and decided it was time for a break. Besides, it had been over a day since I last checked my online dating profile, and I was curious to see if anyone interesting had come along.

What I like about this particular site is that it has three different sections in which you can create a profile, depending on what you are looking for: a blue section for long-term dating, a green section for short-term dating, and the more infamous orange section for intimate encounters. I had a profile in all three, but always checked the orange one first. As usual, there were the familiar profiles belonging to spam-bots promising a larger penis and free Viagra, and those belonging to creepy, old men posing as attractive young ladies, in hopes of...who the hell knows? Somehow they always manage to keep their profiles at the top of the page. Near the bottom, just below a profile belonging to a very pretty redhead named 'Frank' (most likely belonging to an overseas prankster who doesn't realize that 'Frank' is a male's name) was a new profile belonging to an 18-year-old recent high school graduate. Now, you may not have been aware of this, but there are as many 18 year old girls looking for online sex as there are men hauling around 10" penises. The number is not zero, but it is vastly smaller than the dozens of profiles that make the claim. The likelihood of my clicking on her profile was equally scarce, but for some reason I clicked anyway. I really didn't want to go back to writing code so soon into my break. [Even as I write my story years later, I thank the gods for the whims of my decision that day, and also for giving me a job so boring that I'd rather chat with a spam-bot.]

It was obvious from the beginning that this wasn't a spam-bot. Was it another creepy, old man, or had I stumbled upon one of the three legendary inhabitants of the virtual dating world? That remained to be seen; and so I was determined to find out for sure, and let the computer code be damned. I remained vigilantly aware of those around me in case a nosy coworker happened to wander by as I learned bits and pieces of this girl's story, quickly minimizing my browser each time someone passed. I honestly don't remember much of our instant-message conversation, but I do remember feeling both skepticism and intrigue. She's 5'3", with short-blonde hair, shy (hence the lack of photo), describes herself as kind of nerdy, and graduated high school only a month ago. She doesn't focus the conversation on her age or her recent status as a high-schooler, which at least lends a little credibility. She's only had sex with two different guys, both in the last year and a half. Once was with a guy friend, who later became awkward around her. The other was her boyfriend a year prior. She's never given a blowjob.

Now, I should explain something. One of my biggest turn-ons is the first-time blowjob. This particular kink sprang to life about a year prior when I was briefly dating this one girl who had never gone down on a guy. I asked her to give it a try one day, and was soon intoxicated by her inexperienced, clumsy attempt at giving head. Something about it was just...naughty and adorable, and had stuck with me ever since. So while the prospect of hooking up with a fresh-faced 18 year old was exciting enough, the mere notion of a shy teen trying out her first, awkward blowjob on me literally had me shaking in my seat. I spent those last ten minutes of our chat describing, in all sincerity, how turned on many women seem to get at their ability to make a guy squirm with a few strategically placed licks.

She asked a lot of questions, though I don't really remember the questions or my answers to them. I do remember that a lot of them were mundane (well...as mundane as questions about sucking dick can be), which began to gradually convince me that this may not be a creepy, old man after all. And so my pulse rose. Although I don't remember much of the conversation, I do remember its conclusion very well. Sensing that our chat had nearly run its course, I drew my courage and asked if she'd like to come over to my place and give it a try. Her words are indelibly etched in my brain:

"I don't know"

[followed by two minutes of IM silence]

"Um...well, ok"

My heart thudded in my chest. I was incredulous. This was so spontaneous, and we were practically strangers! She was eight or nine years younger than me, just out of high school, and had just agreed to give me a casual practice blowjob. It was so incredibly naughty on so many levels. "Are you sure?" I asked, breathing noticeably more heavy than before. After she assured me that she was, I gave her my address and we quickly worked out the details. She lived a few towns away, and would have to take the bus, so we agreed to meet at my place at 1:00. Frantically, I raced home.

By this point I still gave it a very slim chance that she'd actually show up. But what if she does? I spent the next couple hours nervously pacing. Then I showered and paced some more, my gut twisted in knots of excited nervousness. I still had not seen a picture of her, though optimistic images of who might show up at my door and what may soon follow, paraded through my mind. I was as hard as iron. I forced myself to sit, but was so horny I couldn't help but pull out my tool and stroke, imagining what may soon be happening on this couch. My biggest fear at that point was that I'd make one too many strokes and ruin everything by blowing my load before she got there. I'll tell you I came very close. The television was playing in the background, a sitcom called "Tool Time" (though the pun didn't occur to me until later).

The doorbell rang.

For a moment I was paralyzed with shock; deep down I did not expect that doorbell to ring. My heart felt as if it were going to pound out of my chest. It didn't seem like it was my legs carrying me to the front door, but someone else's legs as I watched the scenery slide past. "Please God", I thought to myself, "let this not be the postman or a UPS delivery guy, for if it is I fear I shall commit murder". Thankfully, it was neither.

Her eyes, when I opened that door, were as big as...well a deer in headlights came to mind. She was nearly trembling, and every bit the bookish nerd-girl I imagined her to be. And, yes, she was quite cute in her nerdy way. I know her kind well—she watches science fiction, goes to conventions, will most likely become a biology major, plays video games and probably used to hide in the library or art room during lunch time at school—attractive, yet invisible. She was wearing white tennis shoes with white ankle socks, a pair of white shorts about ¾ of the way to her knee, a light yellow polo shirt and a pair of non-descript glasses. Her hair was sandy blonde, and about shoulder-length though she had it tied back. Baby-faced and hazel-eyed, she had light skin and a scattering of freckles. I sat on the far right side of my couch, with her next to me on my left. Tool Time was still playing in the background, though mostly drowned out by the droning of my box fan in the window beside it. She sipped from the glass of water I brought her as we chatted, though I cannot remember a single word.

We must have been chatting for a while, as the outside of her glass eventually became covered with beads of water that rolled off the glass, leaving little wet watermarks on the front of her shorts. I took the glass from her hands, and told her that she looks like she has nice tits as I placed it on the end table. "You can see them if you like" she said, and raised her arms as I lifted the yellow polo shirt up, over her head and tossed it onto the couch beside her. Oh, they were cute, little 18-year-old tits, a little less than a handful each, but tight as a drum. Her perfectly-shaped nipples were standing at full attention, like a pair of eraser heads, which I pinched very, very lightly, sending a shiver through her body. I licked each of them, tracing circles around her areolas with my tongue, then stopped to flicker each one before taking them into my mouth. Her head was drawn back.

After a few moments I knew it would be time to move on to the next stage, and then it was me who was trembling. "Well, we came here so you can see what its like giving a guy a blowjob. Are you ready to give it a shot?" I asked. Her voice, which was already quiet to begin with, barely whispered, "uh huh" as she nodded her head. I had her start by undoing my belt, followed by the button and zipper on my jeans. I lifted my butt off the couch a bit so she could slide my jeans and boxer-briefs down just enough for my rigid erection to swing free...not one of those monstrous 10-inchers we hear about so often online, but rather a rock hard 6-inches, perfectly proportioned and smooth as marble. "Now first use your hand and play with it," I said, and she obediently reached over with her right hand, very gently wrapped her fingers around, and began to (somewhat mechanically) slide it up and down the shaft. I was so turned on, pre-cum was already beginning to trickle down the front of the head. "Alright, now how about if you stick out your tongue and lick the side up and down, you know, like a popsicle", to which she more hesitantly leaned forward for her first lick, her tongue sticking out only an inch or so. I will never forget the sight of her pink tongue gliding up and down my prick, and how it felt each time it ran across the ridge along the side of the head. I could already feel my balls tightening. "Okay, now take it in your mouth all the way and slide up and down," I said. She pretty much knew what to do from there; just because she never gave a blowjob, that didn't mean she didn't know how. Still sitting directly to my left, she leaned in further. Sure it felt awkward and unpracticed, and she only went down about three inches, but oh they were some of the softest and wettest lips I've ever felt wrapped around my cock. It was sublime.

In truth, only 6 or 7 seconds passed before the quivering at the base of my testicles felt like it was going to launch into spasm at any moment. Not wanting our play to end so soon, I had her stop so that I could go down on her and give me some time to cool off. Kneeling in front of her as she sat in her same spot on the couch, I unbuttoned her white shorts and slid them all the way off, along with her white panties. Her cute, little pussy was completely smooth and bare with a slight razor burn near the top. She clearly must have jumped into the shower and shaved (also unpracticed) just before hopping on that bus. A few light licks, and then I pressed more firmly, alternating slow then fast. Each time I went fast, she arched her back and threw hear head back. I think she liked fast. She scarcely ever made a sound. And so we went back and forth like this, taking turns going down on each other, each time stopping only moments before I popped my cork. Then something unexpected happened.

I sat back down in my spot but this time she didn't lean in. She instead swung her left leg over mine as she turned to face me. Everything happened so fast as she straddled me that I only had enough time to wonder, "What is she..." before she lowered herself onto my aching cock, sliding up and down and milking me for all I was worth. Oh, it was so wrong! There I was, snuck out of work for the afternoon, fucking this petite, 18 year old blonde on my living room couch!

As awkward as her blowjobs may have been, this little nerd knew how to fuck. She rocked her hips just right, back and forth as she rode me, gripping every inch of my cock. Her fervor was contagious—so much so that I clasped both her hands around the back of my neck, then hiked her legs the rest of the way around my waist and told her to hold on as I stood up from the couch while she continued to ride me. Standing in the middle of my living room with this petite blonde rocking back and forth along my cock as she hung on was so naughty and erotic that it only lasted a few moments before I felt my scrotum tighten. I quickly lowered her to the floor, my balls clenched and the first spasm hit me, so hard I went right to my knees, followed by three or four jets of cum that splashed across her body.

Not at all what I expected when I rolled out of bed earlier that morning, I was now beside myself as I drank in the scene of our little afternoon adventure. I grabbed a pair of towels for us, and we sat back down on the couch to chit chat. It turns out she was into video games and science fiction after all. I think of her as "Erica" (she looks like an "Erica"), but in truth we never knew each other's name. She eventually headed home, and we never saw or heard from each other again. It was still only 3:30 in the afternoon, and I probably should have gone back to work. I Instead collapsed back onto the couch, tilted my head back, and stared at the patterns on the ceiling, still drunk from the erotic encounter that fell into my lap that random afternoon. Laying there in bewilderment and naughty guilt, I imagined her friends playing XBOX with her later that evening, oblivious to the slutty little encounter their mousy friend pulled earlier that day.