 I introduced Crystal last chapter so I'm going to fast forward a couple months since last time. This chapter might not seem as hot as the last one, but I think it's kinda needed for the way I'm planning this. Oh yeah and this is still in the past...just closer to "now" than last time.

*

She never wears underwear. 

Watching Crystal slip her jeans up her legs and over her tight ass with a little bounce I smile to myself while still lying in bed.

"It's weird the way life unfolds sometimes." I have said that or thought it more times than I can count. These past couple months have felt especially weird to me with everything that has happened with Crystal. 

We're dating now. That's not a bad thing by any means; we fuck like mad multiple times a day. She has a sexual appetite that almost exceeds my own ... 

Ha ha almost. 

"What are you smiling at Pumpkin? See something you like?" Crystal asks while wiggling her weighty breasts playfully towards me. 

Heh, Pumpkin. I told her that pet name sounds like something someone's grandmother would call them. I think that just made her like it even more.

I just smile wider. She really is beautiful. The way her immense eyes seem to sparkle when she looks at me just makes me feel really good inside. Her frame is small making her b cups breasts with dark brown nipples look simply amazing.

Placing one knee on the foot of the bed and leaning in towards me she kisses me aggressively on the lips and slips her tongue inside my open mouth. I take in the electric feel of our passionate kiss and let out a slight groan when she pulls away.

"We are already running late for work, there's time for that later." Crystal asserts, making sure her hand brushes over my cock as she slides off the bed with a smile.

Work was usual up until about 45 minutes before I was off. I work at the commissary which is basically a fancy military name for grocery store. I'm in back in the produce department and she works up front in customer service. Usually when one of us is done we go to where the other works to see if they are done as well and then quickly slip out before another project to kill time for us can be assigned by a manager.

Tonight I had finished but my manager was sitting in the office so I couldn't just close down and leave. I was just pretending to look busy shoving a broom around and watching the clock tick by slowly.

I saw Crystal peek in through the back doors so grabbed some boxes like I was going to the trash.

We went to the back break room that is always deserted, espically this late when only the last closers are in the store. I explained how I couldn't leave yet and Crystal just sighed and looked pouty while glancing again at the clock. Well since she wanted to go home right now I guess she decided that teasing me would help pass the time. 

"I just really want to suck your dick. I know you like it at least as much as I do." She glanced up looking me directly in the eye knowing how her words were affecting me.

"You deserve it baby, after such a long, hard, day. "She continued, emphasizing the "hard" while rubbing my leg under the table we were seated at. 

Her hand continued up my leg until it brushed over the tent my cock was making in my pants. "Looks like someone's having some naughty thoughts!" she cooed playfully while squeezing and stroking my dick that felt like a steel pipe in my pants.

The idea that I was still at work and my boss could walk in at any moment didn't really bother me at that point in time. I wanted her so bad.

Suddenly she stopped caressing my bulge and got up quickly. Since she was facing the door and my back was to it I got the sinking fear that my boss walked by which was why she was stopping so suddenly. It wasn't that, instead she just pulled me towards the ladies restroom attached to the break room. Between the break room and restroom is a hall of sorts with lockers and then a door to the restroom and break room respectively.

After dragging me inside the hall she clicked the deadbolt on the door behind her and pounced on me shoving me into one of the lockers with a bang. Our tongues slid in and out of our mouths exploring each other passionately, she stood up on her tip toes with both hands grasping the side of my face almost pulling me into her unrelenting kiss. Her raw sexual aggression was driving me crazy. My hands roamed over her breasts tweaking her nipples and making her moan louder and louder muffled by our tongues thrashing into each other.

Hear hands moves from their death grip on the sides of my face to undoing my belt and pulling my pants down. When my cock jumped out and slapped her in the belly she let out a little "oooh" and grabbed it tightly by the base and pumped it hard and steady. 

A lot of girls I have been with, when they go in for a handjob they will just barely squeeze it and act like they are going to break your dick if they use a little force

Crystal knew how to handle a dick. It probably should have been a warning sign to me, but I guess at the time I just thought you don't complain about a wonderful thing you have going. 

After pumping it a while and getting her hand coated good with my precum she dropped to her knees and slid a good half or so of my rigid meat completely into her mouth before closing her wet lips over it .Enveloping me completely, and slowly sucking back up to the tip until it slipped out of her mouth with a pop.

Closing her eyes she slides back down my shaft, inch by inch disappearing into her amazing mouth until I feel my balls bump against her chin. Her eyes open and stare directly into mine as she deliberately pulls off my swollen cock. Her head begins bobbing faster and she alternates between teasing my balls with her fingers and trying to lick them when she deep throats me. I can feel my pulse throbbing in my rock hard dick and I am amazed how thick it looks sliding in and out of her beautiful lips. She knows I'm close to cumming and is just egging it on taking me deeper and rougher than before. I grab a handful of her hair as I feel the first massive shot fire out of my dick like a garden hose. She moans vibrating her lips over my throbbing shaft as I shoot off a second and third time down her throat. I let go of her hair and she slurps loudly and backs off my shaft leaving the swollen tip of my dick on her swirling tongue. 

I let out another small spurt on her tongue and she begins pumping my cock, milking every last drop out of my still hard manhood into her open mouth. 

Seeing her kneeling in front of me, a small pool of my fresh cum puddle on her tongue and a small line dribbled out the corner of her mouth and onto the floor made my dick twitch and want more.

A quick glance at the clock told me I had 5 minutes before I was off...

Close enough.

I went back to shut down everything for the night as my manager was closing up her office. "Good night! See you tomorrow" she called, seemingly oblivious to my recent disappearance. 

I said goodnight as well and quickly closed everything down leaving in a hurry with Crystal to continue this at home...