 Giggling, locking arms with Diego as the two of them left Las Iguanas bar, Bruna felt the cool London air hit her face and she shivered slightly beneath her new coat. A beige, quilted designer item with a faux fur collar, she knew she looked good as it hugged her tiny figure.

'Which way are we going?' she asked Diego, a little disorientated after their night in the club.

'Over the bridge, we need to get the night bus from Trafalgar Square,' he replied. It was getting late - past 3am, Bruna realised as she checked her watch - and all the other patrons of Las Iguanas were filing out of the club in various states of inebriation.

Bruna and Diego loitered briefly outside the club as the crowds dispersed - Diego was waiting for his friend, Andre, with whom he had arrived. His phone vibrated and he smiled as he read the message to himself before saying,

'It's Andre. He says he's hooked up with that girl he was dancing with and gone back to hers. Come on, let's go Bruninha,' he said with a gesture towards Hungerford Bridge. The lights atop the two walkways of the bridge were proudly switched on and twinkled in the night sky. Bruna could see the full moon behind them as she walked up the stairs onto the Eastern walkway and slowly began to cross the Thames, once again grateful for her new coat as her hands nestled in the warm, soft pockets.

Bruna stopped about halfway along the bridge and looked out across the water. She could see a night bus trundle along Waterloo Bridge and could make out the imposing silhouette of St Paul's Cathedral, dominating the London skyline. To her left, the Savoy Hotel was lit up and reflected in the Thames, her eyes lingered on the watery shapes shimmering gently beneath her.

'I love London at night,' she said to Diego as he stood behind her, wrapping his arms around her body and rested his head on top of hers. 'It's so beautiful.'

'I know,' replied Diego, kissing Bruna's neck softly, 'but not as beautiful as you.'

Bruna scrunched up her face and laughed, disdainfully. 

'God, that's cheesy!' she said with a smile. Diego laughed as well, clasping his hands together against Bruna's waist.

The two of them stood in silence together for a few minutes, both conscious of the people filtering past behind them, yet wholly content in their own world. Diego leant down again to kiss Bruna's neck and her right cheek. She smiled and closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling of his lips against her skin.

Relaxing her body back against his, she cocked her head back and met his lips with her own. Carefully she inserted her tongue into his mouth and ran it gently against his, just grazing his teeth as the kiss was broken. Bruna's face broke into another smile, broader this time as she could feel Diego growing against her leg.

'Is that all it took? Seems as though we best get that bus and get you into bed ASAP!' she said, mischievously, biting her lower lip with a cheeky grin. Diego smiled down at Bruna - she knew he loved that look she gave; it was a clear signal she was in the mood to do something naughty.

'Yea... OR we could have some fun here?'

Bruna turned her head to the left and then to the right, making sure the last few people had crossed the bridge and it was now deserted. She could hear a dim murmur of chit-chat from the people leaving Las Iguanas on the southern side of the bridge but there was no-one visible to them.

Her hand nonchalantly found its way down to Diego's crotch where he was now fully hard and she began to rub through his jeans,

'OK,' she said, flashing that naughty grin again, 'but you have to tell me if someone's coming.' Diego nodded by way of response and the pair switched places so that he was leaning against the rails of the footbridge.

Bruna kissed her lover again, her hand still rubbing against his crotch before she slid down his body onto her knees. Looking up at Diego, she undid his belt and flies, pulling his jeans and pants down just enough for his long, hard penis to pop free.

Diego let out a little gasp as he felt the cold air against his skin and Bruna giggled at the way it sprung up and down slightly in front of her face. She stopped the movement by holding it in her little fist and stroking it gently, enjoying the feeling of the soft skin folds sliding along his hardness.

With her hand at the base of Diego's cock, Bruna opened her mouth wide and took as much of the eight inches as she could. She was able to hold around two thirds of it before sliding her head back and going again.

She did this four or five times, getting a little further down the shaft each time as her saliva helped to reduce the friction and thus take more and more into her warm mouth. Eventually, she was able to deep throat Diego's cock, holding her head against the base with the feeling of his head poking the back of her throat.

Bruna held herself there for around ten seconds as saliva began to drip from the gaps between her lips and Diego's cock, finally letting it go free as she flung her head back, letting out a gasp of air as beads of saliva connected her lips to the dick she was so expertly devouring.

'Ohh, fuckkkkk yes!,' Diego whispered as Bruna's sloppy blowjob continued; he was still dutifully checking if anyone was coming, turning his head to the left and right and allowing himself only cursory glances down at his lover.

'You like that?' replied Bruna, jerking Diego's wet cock, knowing full well that the answer was 'yes'. She knew she gave great head; every guy who had been lucky enough to experience it had told her it was the best they had ever had. It was something she genuinely enjoyed; the opportunity to tease a man, the delicate balance between submission and domination and the satisfying tingle she always felt on her lips and tongue after she had sucked cock.

Bruna returned to sucking Diego's cock, tasting drops of pre-cum in amongst her own saliva. She could feel his balls beginning to fill up with cum as she kneaded them with one hand and knew she wasn't far away from drawing another load.

'BRUNA, get up!' Diego suddenly was tugging at Bruna's arms, urging her to her feet. 'Someone's coming onto the bridge.' Bruna was able to spring to her feet and stand alongside Diego, his hard, exposed cock hidden between their two bodies, as the heads of two strangers emerged at the top of the steps on the southern side of the bridge.

Bruna could feel Diego throbbing against her stomach as she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him lightly on the lips, trying to form an image of a romantic couple enjoying a kiss rather than the naughtier truth.

The two strangers walked slowly - interminably slowly, thought Bruna - towards the middle of the bridge where Bruna and Diego were embracing. They were close enough now that Bruna could identify them as a male and a female, in their early 30's, she estimated.

A brief flash of naughtiness came over her as she entertained the possibility of the pair joining her and Diego. He was attractive, she could see that now, and his partner's blonde hair was waving in the night breeze in a way that Bruna found most appealing. No, she thought to herself, I'm being crazy. Who just asks strangers to join them for spontaneous sex? 

The couple had reached the spot where Diego and Bruna stood. There was a momentary awkwardness of half-greetings as the four people acknowledged one another. Bruna tried to catch Diego's eye for a hint that he might be thinking the same thing about the pair joining them, but none was forthcoming.

As it was, the attractive couple continued over the bridge with no signs that they suspected anything untoward. Bruna and Diego watched them disappear down the steps on the northern side of the bridge and when they had disappeared from view, Bruna immediately fell to her knees once again and started to suck Diego's cock, still as hard as ever.

She bobbed her hungry head back and forth in a rhythm she had perfected over the time she had been with Diego. She knew the length of his penis so had worked out exactly how much to take into her mouth with each stroke, meaning she could suck and suck without his dick ever having to leave her mouth.

Bruna knew Diego was close to cumming again; he was starting to let out involuntary moans and she could see him gripping the rails tighter than before. She did not break her sucking rhythm and her hand was cupping his balls as they filled with warm spunk. 

'Ready, Bruna?' Diego gasped. Bruna let his cock free from her mouth and began to jerk it quickly, her hand a blur. This was how they always finished when she sucked him - a big load all over her breasts. Suddenly though, Bruna realised this was not an option for this particular blowjob. My coat! she thought in a panic. There was no way she could let her brand new coat get covered in cum, it would be ruined!

Diego let out a stifled moan that gave Bruna her cue that cum was on its way. Unable to think of any other option, she dove back onto Diego's cock, engulfing it all with her mouth. She was just in time to feel several jets of thick cum hit the back of her throat and could taste it as she swallowed the whole load drop by drop.

Bruna had never swallowed a full load before and looked up to see her lover beaming down at her in appreciation of her oral talents, Diego's throbbing, softening cock still resting in her mouth.

'Well, that was a nice little treat!' Diego said as Bruna let his cock go free and swallowed one final time. She stood up, a little flushed at what had just happened as Diego asked, 

'What made you swallow? You never swallow.' He was putting his cock away as he asked.

'You'll think I'm an idiot if I tell you,' Bruna replied, smiling at the absurdity of it. Diego put his arm around her as the pair continued their walk over the bridge.

'Well, that would be pretty ungrateful of me after that little treat you just gave me. Come on, why did you swallow?' They had reached the steps on the northern side of the bridge and began to walk down as Bruna replied, 

'Honestly... I didn't want you to ruin my new coat and I couldn't think of another option in time!' Diego laughed and hugged Bruna closer to him as they reached the bottom of the steps.

'In that case,' he joked, 'can you always wear that coat when we have sex?' Bruna laughed and gave Diego a playful punch in the chest as the couple walked towards Trafalgar Square under the London night sky. 

Bruna grinned inwardly as they walked. She had done some naughty things in her time but a blowjob in a public place? This would take some beating, she thought as she travelled home with her lover.