 "I'm so busy. Would you mind fixing us a bit of lunch? There's some hummus and pita in the fridge, and I think there might be an English cucumber as well. " 

Thank goodness I've got my guy. Since we've moved to Vegas, I've been incredibly busy. Between running back and forth between here and San Francisco, working like a mad woman, and dealing with all the details of buying our big beautiful Brady Bunch house, I've hardly had time to see (much less screw) the man that makes my pulse pound. 

"Is this the English cucumber you were talking about?" I turned around to face my big bald sexy boyfriend pulling the plastic wrap on the cucumber back and forth like a foreskin and making a really silly face. "You're filthy, Love." I tell him while grabbing the cold green fruit from his hand and setting in on my desk. 

Thirty seven seconds ago, he came into my office just to be silly and give me a good laugh- knowing I needed a tension breaker. These are the moments I love him most, the many times throughout the day when he effortlessly does just the right thing. His little gesture lifts my mood, and I am determined to return the favour with an incredibly deep, wet, sloppy, and heartfelt blowjob. 

Come here, I say, and pull him towards me by his waistband. I unbutton his 1950's vintage denim jeans and quickly pull down the zipper. He jumps- he's not wearing underwear. He's escaped injury, but not exposure as his pants fall down a bit from the weight of his belt. I suck my index finger and run it from his belly button down to his lower pelvis just centimeters from the base of his penis, lightly brushing the golden hair on my way down. 

His meaty tattooed cock responds immediately, instinctively aware that attention is imminent. I love to watch the large vein that runs along his shaft as it pulses and feeds his extraordinary hard on. Though it's big and long and it makes my jaw ache and triggers my gag reflex, this is the cock I most love to suck. Just seeing it there hanging out of his pants makes my pussy wet. 

I grab his meat in my right hand and pull the skin tight over his shaft. I am now salivating, so I look him in the eye and spit on his cock. My brazen vulgarity causes his member to swell even further. Still clutching his dick in my tiny hand, I use my left hand to cup his balls gently. Cocking my head, I move towards him and take first one ball then the other into my mouth. Never breaking eye contact, I roll both his balls around in my mouth, sucking, and teasing them with my agile tongue. In tasting his musky longing; it becomes apparent that I must satisfy a longing of my own. 

A Pavlovian response is evident in my mouth and my cunt; I allow saliva to dribble in a long string onto the head of his swollen knob. I know the anticipation is driving him mad as it is me. I breathe deep, open my mouth, and slide my lips over the head of his cock. Swallowing the length of his need as I slowly work my way down, I stretch my lips out to touch the skin of his pelvis then draw them tight around the base of his stiff cock. 

I am feeling greedy; I want to experience the whole thing again. Sucking in my cheeks, creating a vacuum around his cock, I pull my head back up towards the tip. I am again stricken with the need to plunge his glorious thickness as far down my throat as possible. Spit is dripping from my mouth onto my tits as I choke on his hardness, all the while maneuvering up and down his shaft with increasing rapidity. Grabbing his hips with both my hands, I pull him into me. Knowingly, he grabs my head and fucks my face as I cough and drool, drunk on lust oxygen deprivation. 

I reach for the blue glass vial in my desk drawer, unscrewing the cap with one hand. He is still holding the back of my head and slowly sliding his dripping cock in and out and in and out of my mouth. I reach up to put the vial of amyl nitrates under his nose. He inhales sharply then exhales very slowly. Fueled by the poppers, a low sexy growl escapes his lips. Inhaling fumes from the little bottle, I feel the rush and release as the drug hits me, intensifying my tremendous hunger. 

I lose myself for a moment; the world ceases to exist outside of his cock filling my throat, my breasts wet and heaving, my cunt throbbing. I gasp for air, pumping my head up and down devouring his every inch with a ravenous passion. He reaches down to pull my tits out of my orange bra so that he can see my huge pink nipples. Up and down and up and down the length of his cock, I feel it stiffen slightly and I know I will soon be rewarded with his abundant load. I am out of my mind with desire as I think about feeling the cum spurt into my mouth and spilling out onto my rack where it will mingle with the pool of spit that has gathered in my cleavage. 

I stare directly into his eyes so he can witness the extent of my lust and depravity. With one arm wrapped around him across his ass, I pull him into me. I thrust my hand between my legs and grind my hips back and forth, almost cumming at once. Cupping his ass cheek in my hand, I squeeze then slap his delicious flesh. I plunge my fingers into my wet cleavage for lubrication, and I run my finger down his back allowing it to drift into his crack. The sensation of my wet finger tickling his asshole coupled with my rabid cock sucking sends him over the edge and I feel him swell up with the impending load. 

I grab his balls just below the base of his cock, and gently pull on them effectively aiming his cock exactly where I want it. His breathing quickens and he says my name under his breath. Desperate for his cum, I suck harder faster, jacking him off with both hands while I simultaneously suck and lick his head. The first spurt fills my mouth and I greedily swallow it all, but I know there will be more. When the second round of jizz hits my tongue, I allow it to spill out of my mouth, down my chin, and onto my breasts. I pull my head away, freeing his monstrous dick from the confines of my mouth and expertly jerk his cock in anticipation of the final stream. It shoots all over my face, into my hair, on my throat, and onto my tits. When I can coax no more cum from him, I lick every last drop of salty sweetness from his cock and my hands. 

With a shuddering sigh and an air of contentment, he sinks into the chair alongside my desk. I lean back in my chair, and drape my legs across his lap. I draw slow circles on my tits using the remainder of his load as though it was finger paint, as he lazily rubs my feet. 

When I wake up, I don't know whether five minutes or two hours has passed. He is still absently stroking my feet, drifting in and out of lucidity, savoring the lusciousness of a particularly good endorphin high. The scent of sex still lingers sweetly mingled with the fragrance of the afternoon sunlight pouring through my window. I want to stay here forever, but the ambrosial glow of sleep lifts leaving me to realize that my breasts are no longer coated in human honey, but rather they are itchy, caked, and dry. I cannot ignore the urge to furiously scratch the tops of my tits to free them of their flaky aggressor, so I stand, plant a kiss on my guy's half slack mouth, and look forward to a nice hot shower.