 I feel you kiss me, oh so passionately, I move to your neck and place kisses and nibbles along the crook and down your collar bone. Your breathe catches in your throat as I move my hand from your back and run it over your ass, making my way to the hardness straining against the fabric of your pants.

I slowly unbutton your shirt with my other hand as I stroke your cock through your pants. I help you out of your shirt and kiss and nuzzle your chest. Your smell is pure intoxication! I put my hands on your belt and slowly undo it. I look you in the eyes as I do this...letting you know that I want you. We kiss again. This time tongues desperately searching each other out.

I unbutton your pants and then slowly unzip them inch by inch. I pull away from our kisses and run my hands down your chest as I lower myself to my knees in front of you. You run your hands through my hair and look at me with anticipation. I take your pants down and your cock is finally released. You are fully erect and I take your balls into my hand and look up at you. I grasp your beautiful, hard cock and tease the tip with my tongue...all the while keeping my eyes on your face. I can see on your face how much you want me to take you fully into my mouth. The eagerness is echoed as I taste your pre-cum and feel the warmth spread within my pussy.

Slowly, I take you in, inch by wonderful inch. As my mouth becomes fuller you begin to arch your back and your head begins to fall back. I know you like the way it feels and I take you in as deep as I can, digging my nails into your ass cheeks as I do. I begin to 'work' your cock, sliding my wet mouth up and down the length of you. I begin teasing the underside with my tongue with each stroke of my mouth. Your hands are again in my hair, holding the back of my head gently. You look down and watch as I suck your cock and you let out a relaxed moan of pleasure. I hear myself moan as well and I can feel the wetness of my pussy.

I want you inside me so badly, but I don't want to stop sucking your glorious cock. I want to make you feel better than you have ever felt before! I take my mouth from your cock and place little nibbles on your inner thigh, making my way to your balls. I take them gently into my mouth and kiss and suck them with abandon. I remove my mouth from you long enough to suggest that you sit down and ease you down to the couch.

I am now kneeling on the floor between your legs. You are lying back on the couch, the fluffy cushions engulfing your body in a way similar to the way my mouth has engulfed your cock. I run my hands along your inner thighs starting at your knees and tracing swirls and circles as I make my way to your balls. My hair teases your cock and I feel it respond with a little 'jump'. I again focus on your balls, licking and sucking them as I grab your hips and squeeze gently. I leave your balls and run my tongue along the underside of your cock. I can tell you like this because you draw in a quick breath as I do it and you hips rise up to allow your cock to meet my mouth. I swirl my tongue on the tip of your cock and open my lips to allow you in once again. Your hands are in my hair again, holding it out of the way so you can watch as your cock disappears into my warm mouth, deeper and deeper with each stroke. I have you fully in my mouth now and I can feel your cock grow even harder. I look up at you and our eyes meet. You are on fire! I see your eyes close and you relax allowing your head to rest on the cushions as I begin to slide my mouth up and down the length of your cock. I am immersed in sucking your cock...all else is gone! No music, no fire, nothing but feeling you slide in and out of my mouth. I hear your moans, feel your hips rise as you meet my mouth, but all else disappears.

I hear your breathing, it is heavy, sultry, intoxicating and mesmerizing. You tell me how wonderful it feels. I feel my pussy aching for you. But I remind myself..."Not now...Now is for him." I am so wet; my pussy aches to be filled. I lean forward and wrap my tits around your cock, holding them together as your cock slides between them. You lean forward off the couch and I rise up to kiss you, all the while 'fucking' you with my tits. I put my hand on your chest, push you back into the cushions and make my way back to your balls, giving them the attention they deserve. Again I run my tongue along your cock and take you into my mouth. Warm and welcoming. I suck your cock with abandon and you watch, enjoying. Enjoying the sensations, the sights, the sounds, knowing how much I am enjoying myself. You feel the pleasure. You tell me you are going to cum. This only causes me to increase the intensity. I am now not giving you head...I am 'fucking' you with my mouth! You erupt in my mouth, I take you in. I swallow as you fill my mouth over and over again. I am like a woman starving! It feels wonderful! I don't want you to stop...I suck your cock, trying to get all of what you have to offer me! You have your hands in my hair and you groan with pleasure as I suck you dry. Finally, you take my face in your hands and have me look up at you. You are smiling....so am I!