 My hand in yours I lead you to the bedroom. I turn you around and press your back against the wall. It is the only wall in the room without artwork hanging on it. My hands find your hands and our fingers lace together, my lips find your lips and our tongues taste each other. I kiss all over your face, your cheeks, your forehead, your chin. I ask you to close your eyes so I can kiss your eyelids. 

I unlock a hand from yours and draw it up behind you to pull your long, dark hair away from your neck. I kiss and lick up and down your neck. I tilt your head forward and kiss on the back of your neck, and pull the small hairs into my mouth and pull on them gently, letting them slide easily from my pursed lips. 

You are wearing that beautiful blue dress I bought for you last year. The way it hugs your body drives me crazy with lust. With spaghetti straps and a low cut neck line the dress travels all the way down your body to mid-calf. The thong tanga you wear is nearly invisible beneath the fabric.

I kiss across your collar bone to your shoulder where I slowly slide a strap off to hang loosely. I kiss across to the other strap and let it fall the same. I release your other hand and pull the dress down until your breasts are exposed, full and round, with a dark chocolate nipple. I lean forward and pull that little treat into my mouth and suck on it. I release it with a pop and move across to the other one, sucking on the tender morsel.

My hands slide down your sides and my fingers work the bottom of your dress up your calves to your knees. I kiss you hard on the lips before I kneel on the floor before you. I run my hands up and down your claves, up to your knees, pushing the dress up further. Your legs part ever so slightly. I work my hands up and down, pushing the dress up your thighs, and your legs part a little more.

I kiss at the exposed skin of your knees, kissing my way up your lovely thighs. I have the blue dress bunched up around your waist now, and I take a moment to admire your white tanga. I caress the fabric lightly with my fingertips. It is slightly damp. 

"Hold the dress," I ask, and when your hands replace mine I hook my fingers into the elastic waistband of your tanga and draw it down your smooth thighs and calves until it pools around your ankles. You step lightly out of them. I run my hands up and down your legs, enjoying the feel of your skin.

"Turn around, honey." and you oblige. My hands kneed the cheeks of your ass in slow, sweet circles. Opening you up to my eyes, then closing you away again. Opening and closing, opening and closing. I kiss first one cheek, then the other before dipping my tongue between them.

"Aye dios mio!" You cry out softly and I know I have you. My tongue flicks the taboo with short little licks. Then with the flat of my tongue I lick up and down slowly. Teasing the opening of your vulva, you tilt your hips back into my face. But I return to your taboo, and lick it. I am hungry for your body and I devour it.

I snake a hand between your beautiful thighs and run the tips of my fingers through your pubic hair. I lick up and down your taboo, up and down, up and down. Feeling the texture of the skin with the tip of my tongue, and wetting it with my saliva. My fingers divide you and conquer. They roll sweet little circles around your clit, around and around.

The side of your face is pressed against the wall as you push your hips back into my face. One hand holds up the dress, the other, fingers splayed, presses against the wall, maybe to hold you up, or maybe to help you push back into my mouth and my tongue. My tongue stabs at the center of you. My fingers roll over and over your pink button. Your breathing comes as rapid as your orgasm. It is almost there.

"Look at yourself," I tell you, reluctantly pulling my mouth away from my meal, only to return back to it with a passion. Confusion knits your brow as my hand and its fingers massage that ache that is welling deep inside you. "In the mirror," I tell you, and gesture with my free hand. My head returns between the soft cheeks of your ass to lick and stab and suck at the little morsel of your anus. 

I tilt my head to the side so I can catch your beautiful brown eyes. My free hand presses against your lithe back, pushing your two handful breasts onto the cold wall. Your nipples get hard instantly and they push into the wall, making your bosom ache. You groan deep from that well inside you, from where I am drawing that orgasm out.

"Tell me when you are cumming," I tell you, and begin licking you in earnest, sliding my tongue over your perineum to dip into your vulva and tasting the sweet emanating from that center. In moments your body begins convulsing, my fingers continue to strum that familiar tune over and over on your clit.

"Honey, I'm cumming. I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Aye Dios mio!" Your hips rock back and forth over my mouth as I drink from you. My tongue dipping into your pussy to draw more into my mouth. My tongue bathes your pussy, your labia, your vulva, all of you. Drinking from you I swallow your cum. My face is wet from your juices.

Your free hand covers mine, stopping the music I have been playing on your clit. Your hips continue to rub up and down my face, my mouth, my tongue, and I continue to taste of you, drink of you, and swallow you. My tongue, broad and flat, licks you from vulva to anus over and over again. Taking those juices and spreading them to that delicious little morsel, stabbing them and pushing them inside of your ass.

"No mas, no mas." you repeat, telling me to stop, no more.

"Keep your dress up." I tell you as I stand up behind you, trailing my fingertips up your calves and thighs to pull on the soft flesh of your ass. "Turn around and kiss me."

Still holding your dress up with one hand you spin around and drape the other hand around my neck. My hands slide down your sides to the curve of your hips. I lean my head down and you tilt your head up and our mouths, lips, and tongues find each other. My hands slide over your hips and behind you to trail across the soft skin of your ass.

"Take me out." I tell you softly.

Using both hands, you unbutton and unzip my pants and push them down to my thighs. My erection strains at the fabric of my briefs and you take it out slowly, curling your little fingers around it, feeling it pulse with its own warmth. Stroking it softly, it quickly hardens with your sweet manipulation. Your other hand works its way to my scrotum and gently rolls the testes with your fingers, occasionally tugging them, and pulling on them, until I cry out in pleasure and pain.

My hands on your shoulders I whisper, "Wet me," and gently push you down. You squat down in front of me, leaning your back against the wall for support. You grip my cock by the root and look at the glans bobbing in front of your soft, pink lips. Then you look up at me and smile and I smile back at you. Your lips part and you taste the head, sucking it in and pulling it out of your mouth like a lollipop. You flick your tongue along the sensitive underside making me tremble. Soon you begin to throat me a little bit at a time, until you are devouring as much of me as you can. You look up into my eyes as you throat me, holding deftly to the root. 

You take a finger from your free hand and drag a manicured nail across the wrinkled skin of my scrotum. You cup my balls and squeeze them, pulling them, rolling them around in your small hand. You release my testes and trace that same manicured fingernail over my perineum to press against my anus. You tease that taboo entrance with the pad of your finger until I relax enough to let you in. As you push the finger inside me, you swallow as much of my cock as you can. You vigorously suck and pull my cock in and out of your delicate mouth, as you push and pull your finger in and out of my anus. I can feel you drawing the orgasm out of me.

"Sweetheart, let me inside of you," I whisper.

You hear me, but choose to ignore it. You know you have me at your mercy. That you are in control now. As much as I was in control moments ago, drinking the orgasm from your pussy that I drew out of your little body.

"Please, sweetheart. Let me inside you." I plead.

You take my cock from your mouth but not your finger from my ass. I have won half the battle. "Please, amorcito, let me inside of your beautiful little body."

You pull the finger from my ass and I gently lift you to stand next to me, your dress falls back down to cover your nakedness. I contemplate removing the garment entirely, but it is much too erotic when you keep it on. I bunch the dress up around your waist once again and grab one of your naked legs pulling it up to my hips. I grab your other leg and you get the idea. 

I pick you up off the floor and lean you against the wall as you wrap those lovely legs around my waist. I hold you with one hand as I guide my cock to your wet labia with the other. I find your opening and let you sink down upon me. My hands dig into the flesh of your ass and I lift you up and down. Your mouth dives toward mine and our tongues and lips and teeth, taste, kiss and devour each other. I lift you up and down, and you make little noises every time I push so deep inside of you. I lift you up and down as fast and as hard as I can, trying to bring about your climax. You pull your mouth away from mine and bite my shoulder as the first of the afternoons penetration orgasms rolls through you. I continue to lift you up and down, up and down, until my muscles tire. Gently I lift you up and off of my cock. I slide out of you wet, and throbbing with heat.

I take your hand in mine and lead you to the bed. The dress has fallen down again and has covered up your wonderfully naked body. I decide its use has come to an end. I lift it slowly up over your head. You raise your arms to untangle them from the spaghetti straps and as you are in this most vulnerable position I admire your breasts and their firmness. You see my smiling, admiring face and a smirk crosses yours.

"Lay on your panza, dear." I tell you, and you crawl onto the bed on all fours, deliberately giving me a perfect view of my weakness, my desire, and my lust. You slide to your belly and your legs scissor apart.

My clothes are shed quickly to lie discarded on the floor. I climb on the bed between your legs, and I run my hands over the soft, honey-colored skin. I dip my head down to give your calves and thighs kisses and licks and playful bites. My hands glide to your posterior and I kneed the soft flesh, squeezing them, pulling them apart to spring back together, so firm, so delicate. My head bows low again to taste and tease your anus. My tongue draws circles and unconscious patterns around the taboo rim. My tongue dives lower and tastes the sweet juices that have left the sparse hair matted. I can hear you purr.

I climb higher above you and guide myself inside of you once more. I start out slowly, nudging inside of you a little bit at a time, until I get coated enough with your juices to push deeper, then deeper. Every thrust sounds a moan from your lips. Your head tilts back in pleasure. I sink inside of you until my entire weight rests upon your back. My hands find yours and I lace our fingers together as my hips begin pushing in and out of you.

I kiss your back, your shoulders, your spine, and your neck. You make little noises every time I push so deep inside of you, and I have no choice but to smile. I release your hands and place mine on your back and push down upon your torso, fucking you with more determined thrusts. The little noises have become a little louder now, and a little higher in pitch. I bring my knees up, straddling you. I pull apart the cheeks of your ass so I can watch myself disappearing inside of you, and to gaze at that taboo morsel. I wet my thumb and slide the digit over that sensitive area, and you make another noise that tells me I am doing everything right.

"Do you want to do me back there?" You ask me, almost pleadingly.

"Maybe some other time, sweetheart." I say, and I think you are slightly disappointed.

"Shall we change positions again?" I ask.

"Hm-hmm," is my answer. 

I pull out, pulling your pussy out with me, your labia. I love that. It is so hot. I sit back on the bed crosslegs, and you climb on my lap, your legs wrapping around me. I guide myself to your wet, pink lips, and you slide down on me so beautifully slow. You wrap your arms around my shoulders and I slide my hands to your butt. I begin to lift you up and down, and slowly rock back and forth. Your clit is grinding against my pubic bone, and you undulate your hips to intensify this motion.

Our mouths find each other like moths to a flame. I suck your lower lip into my mouth and pull on it gently, ever so gently. Then you suck my lower lip into your mouth. Letting it go, you kiss me on the lips over and over and over again as we rock back and forth, moving in and out of your beautiful little body.

When your kisses are done I lower my mouth, lips, and teeth to your slender neck. As I move inside you I kiss up and down your neck, and you drag your nails across my back. As I move in you I lick up and down your neck, and you drag your nails across my back. And as I move in you, I bite every so gently on your neck, dragging my teeth across your delicious skin, as you scratch your nails up and down my back. 

Then you are holding me close, pressing me tight to your soft, hot body. Your orgasm comes pulsing through you and you shudder in my arms. You grind your pelvis into mine, pulling out of yourself every ounce of pleasure. Your nails have left marks in my back, but I don't mind at all. It was my pleasure to give you pleasure.

"You didn't cum?" you ask breathlessly, looking lovingly into my eyes. 

"Not yet." I say.

You rise up off of me, and I slip from your wet insides. You crouch down on the bed in front of me and take me in hand, still wet with your juices, and guide me into your little, pink mouth. You suck me slow and deep, slowly increasing the tempo until you are moving your mouth up and down very fast, trying almost desperately to pull that orgasm out of me. And it works.

"I'm going to cum, sweetheart!" I call out.

You remove your mouth and begin fisting my cock, then twisting your wrist back and forth beneath the sensitive head. I tilt my pelvis towards you of my own impending release. You lower your mouth, still twisting your wrist back and forth beneath that sensitive head. And I cum. You drink rope after sweet rope of my cum. And when the pulsing of my orgasm ceases you still suck and lick the drops that are almost left behind.

"There," you say with a broad smile, "now you have cum."

"Yes, I have." and I pull you into my arms and we fall down on the bed together.

End.