 I thought I'd stop by Kmart on the way home and pick up a few things. As I pushed my cart down the aisle, I saw you again. I had noticed you several times before when shopping here. Usually my wife would be with me and I couldn't be too obvious about looking at you.

I slowed down and pretended to shop as I followed along behind. you. I tried not to stare but I gazed longingly at the firm roundness of your ass. The way it filled your jeans and shifted from side to side. I slowly passed by as you searched the shelf for some item. I could smell your perfume. I took several deep breaths trying to absorb as much of you as I could.

I reached the end of the aisle and quickly maneuvered so I could start up the next aisle as you entered from the other end. Being able to watch as you approached was nice. I tried to think of some clever witty remark to use as we drew closer. You look at me with a half smile as if knowing I was going to say something. I look at your face, your eyes, I see the cleavage of your breasts which draw my eyes down to the firm mounds beneath your blouse. Without thinking, I lick my lips, which are suddenly dry. All to quickly you're passing next to me. My heart pounds and my mind goes blank as I stammer some greeting, nothing at all like the witty remark I had hoped for. I felt my face turn crimson in embarrassment and quickly pushed on.

Watching carefully to avoid you, knowing you thought me an idiot, I quickly found the rest of the items I needed and headed for the checkout. As I pay for my items I look up and catch sight of you several lanes down. Your looking at me with a knowing smile and I quickly look away as the cashier hands me my change. Grabbing my bags I head for the door and notice you leaving ahead of me. Again my eyes fall to your ass and I feel my heart speed up.

As we enter the parking lot I'm surprised to see you head to a car across from mine. I watch you out of the corner of my eye as I dump my bags in the back seat. I notice you struggling to hold your bags and fumble for keys at the same time. Taking a deep breath I tell myself it's now or never. Summoning up my courage I approach you and ask if you'd like some help. Your smile was like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. "That would be nice" you said as you handed me your bags. I held them as you opened the door and slid in behind the wheel. I stood there like a dummy as you looked up at me expectantly. 

Again I was a loss for words. I handed you the bags and watched you place them beside you as I closed the car door. I stood there as you began to back out of the parking space. Looking at me through the window, you suddenly stopped and with a smile, lowered your window. "You know I'll probably need help again when I get this stuff home". For once I wasn't stupid and said I would be happy to follow you if that is all right. 

Quickly running to my car I backed out and followed you onto the street. We had only gone about 4 or 5 blocks when you pulled into the drive of a large house. I hung back and watched as you waited for the garage door to fully open. You drove in, got out of the car and motioned me to pull in beside you. As I pulled in I could see garden tools and camping equipment filling the garage walls. 

As I got out of the car I was nervous, not knowing what to expect. I was hesitant to approach you but the soft smile drew me towards you. You reached up and pushed a button causing the garage door to start closing. I jumped as I approached you, startled by the sudden noise of the closer. You laughed at my nervousness and stepped forward until you stood directly in front of me. "Are you going to help me?" you asked in a quiet voice. I turned to get your bags from the car but you grabbed my arm and said "no not that silly".

Confused I turned around and found your face inches from mine. I felt myself becoming warm as I looked into your eyes. My stomach felt fluttery and empty. I was surprised when you leaned closer and lightly kissed me on the lips. My mind is whirling with amazement and shock. Is this really happening? In all my fantasies I had never expected anything like this to actually happen to me. "I was hoping you could help me" you said, "there's something I didn't get at the store". "What didn't you get?" I asked in a shaky voice. From two inches away, you replied "laid".

I reached up and caressed your face with my fingers. Drawing you to me I kissed you. Savoring your taste, letting the tip of my tongue flick along the seam between your lips seeking a way in. I hugged you close to me feeling the firm mounds of your breasts pressing against my chest. I slid a hand down to the small of your back pulling your hips close to me. My hand moved further down over the roundness of that wonderful ass I had admired, cupping a firm buttock in my hand. My lips search your face, kissing your cheeks, your eyes, the edge of your jaw. My breath is becoming deeper and ragged as I become overwhelmed by your closeness. The smell of your skin, your hair is intoxicating. I feel a stirring in my crotch as my penis awakens and begins to swell in anticipation. 

Your hands have found their way beneath my shirt and explore my shoulders and back while I kiss you, probing between your lips with my tongue. I feel your hand slide down my side, my hip, pause to rub my ass, and then move around between us. Your hand moves up my thigh, rubbing and squeezing as you move higher towards my crotch. I feel your breath hot against my cheek as you begin to explore my ear with your tongue. My penis is growing, becoming hard as it strains to become erect in the confines of my pants. I feel your hand slide across the bulge caused by my growing erection. You pause, and move back to gently rub and feel my growing erection.

My heart is pounding and my blood feels hot as it surges through my veins. Giving my cock a final squeeze, you begin to unbutton my shirt. I reach up to help you and in my haste I hear several buttons pop and fly off onto the cement floor. I quickly remove my shirt and drop it to the floor. You step back to look at me. To tease me with that smile. Your eyes look into mine. I start to step towards you but you raise a finger as if to say "not yet". Your eyes move down my chest and stop as your gaze comes to my crotch where the bulge is even more pronounced. "Oh we must do something about that" you say as you drop to your knees in front of me.

I start to undo my belt but you reach up slapping my hand aside and saying "let me". I stand with my hands at my sides. I feel the quivering of little muscles throughout my abdomen as you undo my belt. Your face is rubbing against the hard bulge in my pants. You loosen my belt and zipper leaning back as I kick off my shoes. My pants drop to my calves as you find yourself looking directly at my cock. It strains against the white cotton fabric of my briefs as it becomes more erect with the removal of the constricting pants. 

I watch you lean forward mouthing the head of my erection through the stretched material of my underwear. Your hands work my pants down over my feet as you gently bite the round knob poking in your face. I kick my pants aside as you grasp my elastic waist band and yank my underwear to my ankles. My engorged penis surges up as if on a spring. I hear you gasp as you see its size. "This is wonderful" I hear you say. I close my eyes and smile. Yes, this is indeed wonderful.

You hold my hard shaft in both hands as you slowly guide it towards your mouth. I feel the swollen tip touch your lips. You press your mouth against the warm firmness as you begin to lick the large knob. I place a hand on either side of your head as you begin to push your mouth onto my cock. Your lips press around the head and slip over onto the shaft. I twitch and shudder as my shaft slides into your mouth. Your teeth gently scrape along the top while your tongue slides and rubs against the bottom of my warm erection. You place your hands on my ass, holding on to my buttocks as you take more of me into your warm, moist, mouth. I gently place a hand on either side of your head to steady my quivering body. My fingers intertwine with your hair.

I want to thrust into you but force myself to hold still as you continue to engulf my cock. You move slower now as I reach the back of your throat and I begin to pull out. Your lips press firmly against my shaft. Your saliva has lubricated the warm silky skin of my shaft and it slides easily as I pull back. Your head relaxes as the swollen head of my cock begins to emerge from between your lips. Your grasp on my buttocks tightens as you begin to pull me towards you. Sucking my eager cock into your mouth again. I hold your head in my hands as I slowly slip in and back. The feeling of your mouth sliding over my throbbing shaft is almost more than I can take. My wife hasn't done anything like this in years, and then only with great reluctance.

I can't believe this is happening to me. I open my eyes and look down at the top of your head as I hold it in my hands. I watch as it continues to move forward and back. I feel pressure beginning to build in my scrotum and my balls start to feel tight. I know an orgasm is starting and I relish the sensations beginning to build in my abdomen. I relax as much as I can, enjoying the sensations washing over me. Your head is moving faster now as if you sense what is coming. My cock throbs with anticipation, I'm about to cum when I realize I am being selfish and reluctantly pull out from between your lips.

You look up at me in puzzlement thinking you had done something wrong. I smile and shake my head as I pull you to your feet. I take you in my arms telling you how wonderful you had made me feel. But I want to make you feel good too. I kiss you, as I push my tongue into your mouth I can taste myself in you. I begin to unbutton your blouse, I want to just tear it off but I'm careful not to rip it in my haste. The buttons are undone and the blouse falls open. I see your cleavage and the round globes of your breasts. I run my hands up under your bra and feel the firm nipples rub across my palms.

I close my eyes as my hands mold themselves to the warmth of each breast. You reach behind you and undo the clasp letting the bra slide down your arms onto the floor. I hug you close, pressing you against my bare chest. Hugging your shoulders with one arm, I reach down and place the other behind your knees and lift you up off the floor. I see the look of surprise in your eyes as I hold you and press my face into the smooth skin of your stomach. Kneeling down, I lay you on top of our discarded clothing. I remain on my knees loosening your belt and slipping your jeans down over your hips.

I grasp each ankle one by one as I pull your jeans down and over your foot. Kneeling between your feet, I lean forward and kiss the inside of your knees. I make little wet circles with my tongue as I slowly lick and kiss my way up your thigh. As my tongue explores your thigh I reach up and grasp one of your breasts in my hand. I let your firm nipple extend between my first and middle finger as I knead the flesh as if making bread. Gently squeezing my two fingers together, I tug the nipple as I knead and release your breast. You open your legs inviting me to move upward. I gently nip the soft silky skin between my teeth and quickly give the spot a firm kiss as you jerk in surprise from the nip.

I feel my erection throbbing as it swells and swings back and forth between my legs. I move forward letting my tongue slide quickly up your leg and my chin and cheek rub over the silky mound of your labia. You squirm beneath me as I mash my face into your abdomen leaving wet kisses. Still kneading your breast, I begin to circle your navel with my tongue leaving wet trails as I lick the tanned skin. Realizing one breast is not getting much attention I move my cheek upward across your stomach and take the erect nipple between my lips. Sucking and swirling my tongue around the firm, cherry like nub, I let go of the breast I had been kneading. Using both hands I grasp the breast I am suckling and force it into my mouth. Sucking, and enjoying the feel of the warm flesh stuffing my mouth, I suck greedily as if I'm an infant, starving for milk.

Stretching my body atop of yours causes the swollen tip of my cock to rub against your inner thigh. You open your thighs and move your hip in an effort to meet that eagerly searching tip. I lower my hips enough so that your labia just touches my cock and smile to myself. I feel you struggle to raise your hips higher. I give your breast a finial squeeze and lick before working my way back down your stomach, again leaving a wet trail of kisses and licks. I kneel between your knees allowing my face to rub the area below your navel. I feel the hardness of your pubic bone against my cheek. I feel your pubic hair rub against my chin. I hear your breathing and feel the rapid rise and fall of your stomach as you gasp for air.

Sensing what you want, I sit back on my heels and look down at you stretched out before me. I cannot remember ever being as worked up as I am with you. My heart is pounding. My blood feels hot as I feel it racing through my body. My breath comes in ragged gasps. I look down at my engorged penis and notice small shiny beads of wetness dripping from the tip. 

I watch you as you lie there on our clothing. You reach towards me wanting me to come back down against you. Your legs are spread wide and I can see the wet glistening hair covering your pussy. Reaching down behind your knees, I lift your legs, raising your hips higher into the air. Pushing your knees above you I lower my head to meet the glistening moist mound of your pussy. I pause to smell the sweet musty odor of your sex. My tongue lightly swirls around and over the silky mound, tasting the flavorful juices you are emitting in your excitement.

My tongue becomes bolder and searches for the slit hidden within the silky hair. You start to move your pelvis in an attempt to guide my tongue to where you want it. I am seeking the little nubbin of your clitoris and probe with my tongue until I find it. Swirling my tongue around it I feel it stiffen beneath the attention I am giving it. You grasp the back of my head with both hands and pull my face towards you forcing me deeper between the lips of your labia. I push my tongue deep into you causing you to quiver and shudder as the beginnings of an orgasm build deep within you. I take your clitoris between my lips and gently suck on it like a candy. Rubbing it with my tongue causes your pelvis to jerk against my face.

I let your legs fall over my shoulders and reach up again grasping a breast in each hand. I pinch your nipples while sucking on your clitoris. I firmly squeeze each breast while rubbing my face against your silky mound. I suck greedily on your clit and feel you buck against my face as you grab the back of my head pushing it harder against your pussy. Your thighs squeeze my head like a vise as you lock your ankles together squeezing my head. 

You cry out as the orgasm rushes through you. I cannot breath as warm musty fluid fills my mouth. I lick as furiously as I can. Determined to drive you further into your orgasm my tongue probes and teases. Your body bucks and shudders. It's all I can do not to have an orgasm myself. The slightest touch will send me over the edge.

I feel your body begin to quiet as the shuddering wave passes. Your hands fall to the floor and your thighs relax enough for me to set back. I gasp for air to replenish my lungs. My erection has grown huge and sensitive in the excitement. Knowing I am close to exploding, I again grasp your knees, placing your legs over my shoulders. Raising up on my knees I roll you up onto your back. Your pussy rises into the air as I place my eager, swollen knob between the wet slippery lips.

I feel your hands grab my buttocks as I begin to lower myself into you. I feel the walls of your vagina squeezing my shaft as I push in. You grip my buttocks and pull, urging me to go deeper. I continue to hold back and enter slowly until I feel the back wall of your cervix. I hold still for a moment to savor the feel of your warm sheath. It surrounds and grips my cock like a tight leather glove. You begin to buck and arch your hips beneath me. I pull back until the tip of my cock almost comes out. I feel you become still as I pause and then plunge back in. I thrust and pull back, thrust and pull back, I move faster and faster. Faster and harder, harder and harder. Your hips fall into rhythm with mine.

As I thrust into you, your hips rise to meet mine. Our bodies slap together. A sheen of perspiration makes our bodies slippery. We are each lost in our own world as our groins slam together over and over. You keep pulling me towards you as I thrust deep. I feel the long pent up juices begin to surge through the length of my cock. I time my thrust so I am deep inside as the hot cum explodes inside you. My own orgasm overtakes me and I have no control over my hips as they thrust in sharp spasms.

My body is on automatic as it thrusts, shudders and jerks. I realize you are shouting something and are going through another orgasm of your own as you continue to rise to meet me as I thrust deeply. We begin to slow as exhaustion overcomes us. Your legs slide from my shoulders as I collapse onto you. We lay there in each other's arms, glistening with perspiration. Our thighs are slick with the milky splotches of cum we have released in our passion. We may have dozed for a moment as we lay face to face. I watch your face as your eyes open and a smile appears. You snuggle closer to me and say "Thanks for helping with my bags."