 Its late, maybe 2-2:30 in the a.m. I pulled a double today, wouldn't be the first time. Like always bae had my stuff setup in the bathroom. When I got in late like this my honey would have everything laid out so I didn't disturb her slumber. I got in and got all fresh, it felt so good to wash the day off. That shower was every bit of therapeutic. I couldn't wait to snuggle up with my lil mama. She was so welcoming when daddy came home from work. Didn't matter what time of day or night. I'd slide in bed and almost instantly and instinctively her body finds mine. It's a beautiful thing she has really become one with me. She's my soul tie, there is no doubt in my mind.

I lightly towel off and slap on some lotion, I hate that feeling like my skin is going to crack. I hurriedly make my way to the room where my honey awaits. What my eyes feasted upon would have pleased the Greek Gods. The covers that once covered her gorgeous frame were now removed. She was tinted in my favorite hue. She had turned on the lava lamp which provided the perfect back drop to the gorgeous melanin she wore like a badge of honor.

I didn't care that it was after 2 in the morning. The way the light was shimmering off of her cocoa tone, I was instantly in the zone. I paced the foot of the bed, deciding how I would approach her mound. "Fuck it" I said as I could stave off my desires no longer. Delicately I mounted the bed and move up to her. Carefully I make my way past her thighs to her ever so soft cakes. I take a moment to dip my head between those savory thighs and take in the essence of you. The aroma is intoxicating, I moan forgetting I was supposed to be quiet. Adjusting in her slumber I can only assume she heard me. I make my way up her back to her neck, planting a soft kiss there. 

"Mmmm... Hey daddy you home."

"Hey lady" I whisper back. By now my dick is already swelling in the silk boxers you laid out for me. My meat laid between you buns perfectly like a hotdog on Independence Day. I kiss you again.

"Mmmm, how was work daddy? Was it hard?" 

"Not really" I murmur between kisses. "It wasn't too bad baby. Mmmm how was your day."

"It was good daddy, I just missed me some you."

"You know what baby?" the pecks didn't stop.

"What baby?"

"I was missing you like crazy too."

"Oh really now, well show me how much you missed me." Her buns squeezed my hotdog and I sunk my teeth into her neck. She moaned vibrantly as she began rocking her hips, letting her ass cradle and caress my dick in the silk boxers. I moved to her lips and we met with passion like two high school kids on a first date. My wood was starting to twitch it was so hard.

Slowly I began descending down her silky skin. Down her shoulder, down her back, embedding gentle kisses all the way to that gorgeous ass. I give each cheek much wanted attention. Then I slide my tongue down that crack, by the time kitty is reached she's saturated. I slow stroke my tongue along those fat lips going from clit to damn near ass hole. Her moans excite me that much more. She toots up and arches that back giving me better access to all that juiciness. I reward her by slurping that clit just as she likes it. Her body speaks to me in a language unfamiliar to her. Often times she's lost in translation as her flesh converses with mine and limbs intertwine. "Yes papi eat this pussy" she encourages me. The thing is her lips moist lips down under have given me all the encouragement I need. "Ooooh papi I'm cumming... FFFFUUUCCCKKK YYYYEEEEESSSSS!!" Hearing her cry out it music to my ears. 

Barely pausing she pushed me to my back and went straight for the gusto. She swirled her tongue around the head and slurped it in her hot mouth. I could tell she was intent on repayment. I love that about bae, she was so damn competitive especially in the bedroom. She was working my dick with her mouth like a pro, and her hand couple my balls ever so gently. "Fuck baby, you sucking that dick something serious" I was gone. I liked to let go right there in her mouth, but I was craving them sugar walls. From the moment I saw how the blue light shone off of her gorgeous skin tone I knew I wanted to only bury my face in her honey pot, but I wanted to fill her cavity with my manhood.

She let me go with a pop and I groaned, still craving more but your cravings have taken over. I tried to sit up but she drove her palms into my chest and mounted my erect dick. Her pussy was so sloppy it went in with no friction. She slide down my pole gracefully and effortlessly. Bae is a real beast on the stick. My eyes closed as I couldn't take her moans coupled with the cute faces she was making. I wanted her to ride me til the sunlight began peeking through the blinds. Eyes closed I felt her breast meet my chest. The flesh of her heavenly physique feels superb, I'm ready to blow at any moment. I think she can tell, she is doing the absolute most. That pussy was gripping me tight as she bounced up and down, then those beautiful titties pressed on my pecs. I was struggling to hold on, then she did it. She bit my bottom lip and that cliff I was flirting with she pushed me off completely.

I fell exquisitely. My hands dug into her ass and you moved from my lip to my neck latching on like a pit. I growled as this woman knew how to work me over. I was hers for the taking. "Daddy I know how hard you work for me... Now let me show my appreciation and work for you baby." Miss thing lifted and grabbed the base of my rod. She adjusted slightly and began sitting down slowly inching over my dick with her tight ass hole. I was in disbelief and utter pleasure as I couldn't wrap my head around how beastly savage this woman was being. My hands clung to her waist like a belt as her rhythm and pace quickened. I could tell she had fucked around and turned herself on even more. She was grabbing her breast and pinching her nipples. My dick didn't bother going soft as she stimulated me to my very depths physically, mentally, and spiritually. That's right she was a triple threat. "Daddy, ooohhh Daddy... I am about to cum"

"Cum for me baby." I was on the verge of my second already, little did she know. Never had I cum back to back like this. This woman was absolutely amazing. She began rubbing her honey pot in a circular motion, her moans grew deeper. I started thrusting up her ass with more deliberate strokes. Bae's head went back and her booty squeezed the fuck out of my wood as she squirted up my chest. My balls tightened once more and my dick pulsating deep inside her ass, as my seed spewed into her depths. 

She collapsed on my chest in the very mess she made. Spent is an understatement to what we were. 

"I love you woman."