 As the woman pulled the car out of the supermarket carpark, a sigh of resignation escaped her lips. Another day, another dollar she thought, reasoning inwardly with herself that her job wasn't the only thing bothering her. In general lately, she'd been finding life a bit of a bore. What she needed was some excitement, something to spice things up..or should she say, someone. 

As she parked her car on the drive, her home wifi connected and a series of pings rang out from her mobile. A message from her mum, a delivery email and an appointment reminder. Amongst the others, one caught her eye and as she saw the sender, her stomach did a flip. It was him. No matter how often he messaged her it had the same effect each time. Her pulse quickened as she opened the message. "I'm around today and wanted to see you, are you free?"

Really there were a million things she should be doing at home and there was the shopping to do and a tv series to catch up on. She didn't care, when the chance came around to be near him, she grabbed it eagerly with both hands. Running a brush through her long brown hair, she replied to the text.

"I'll be there in half an hour, send me the address"

***

30 minutes later as she pulled into the estate her hands trembled slightly on the steering wheel. She glanced in the mirror to her own blue eyes staring back at her, wide with excitement. It had been a month since their last meeting, a few snatched moments in an empty carpark, after dark.

Truth was, it was more now, it had been exciting at the beginning as it always is. She had prepared herself for the excitement to end, the novelty to die off and to go back to normal life. But now he had a grip on her, she felt like she couldn't let go, he was like oxygen to her, essential, necessary. Now she loved this man.

As her car came to a stop outside the address, she saw the door open and he appeared, smiling. The way the blue of his irises sparkled in the sun had never changed, lost their twinkle, in all the years that had passed. They entered the building and he led her through to where he was working. Small talk was exchanged although both parties knew that wasn't really the purpose of this reunion. What she really wanted was to feel his body up against her own and his mouth taking hers as he had been doing for years. It was all she knew that felt right.

As if reading her thoughts, he stepped towards her and took her face in his hands, tilting her head slightly as he claimed her mouth for himself. She returned his kisses with vigour until she felt the familiar hardness forming against her body. She reached down and groaned inwardly as she gripped his impressive erection through the straining fabric of his trousers, giving it a gentle, teasing stroke. If only it was inside her, stroking her already wet and ready pussy. The thought tortured her as he turned his attention to her breasts, removing them from their satin cups in turn and giving the hard peaks the attention they craved from his tongue. She was almost powerless as he played with her body, making it ache for more. As he ran his hands over her hips, gripping her in place, his tongue thrust into her mouth and was eagerly sucked, sending shockwaves down his body to the place he really wanted to put her mouth to work on. A groan escaped her lips, muffled by his mouth. A war between her body and mind was taking place once again.

"I should be going" she explained, as she broke away from his touch and headed reluctantly towards the door. "If I stay you won't get any work done".

"I don't care" his reply. 

He stepped towards her teasing her neck with tiny bites as he held her from behind, rough, working hands roaming her breasts and pulling on her jeans till her ample arse was half on display. He spanked it just a couple of times and with an intake of breath she arched her back and offered it to him. Grinding his hardness against her roughly, in a simulation of what he wanted to do naked, her back arched and her tits pressed up against the door. She was breathless with need. She gave a infinitesimal moan and reached behind her, taking hold of his thick cock and running it slowly down between her legs towards the hot wetness she had for him. He gripped her hips and groaned as his girth struggled to slide in at first, despite her readiness. Like the missing piece of a jigsaw, he completely filled her, they fit together like it was meant to be that way. Her pussy stretched around the invasion as he started to move out of her and back in, a slow, determined stroke.

Wincing at the nip of his intrusion, the painful pleasure took over and she shifted slightly, opening herself to invite him to go deeper. Face pressed up against the doorframe, hands held above her head she surrendered to him and he took, and gave her, everything that they both wanted. He leant over her shoulder "I love you" and planted a kiss on the outer edge of her lips. Turning to meet his kiss she whispered "I love you too" and once again they silenced eachother with tongues. Bit by bit her contorted body turned to face him, losing grip on his cock for a few precious seconds before she could reach down and touch it once more. Sliding down to her knees she brought it to her lips and on the tip of her tongue she caught a single drop of pre-cum from him, moaning in approval. With one hand she reached under to caress his balls, gently tickling them with her finger tips as her other hand worked on his thick shaft, her lips and tongue providing attention to the head of his engorged cock. She could feel pulsations from the thick veins running up his shaft and she was satisfied that he was enjoying her performance. 

He withdrew himself from her hungry mouth to give his dick a chance to calm down for a minute and he also went to his knees, joining her on the cold, wooden floor. Kissing eachother eagerly they sank down until she lay back and he was looming over her like the dreams she'd had so often when he came to her in the night. He began to slowly kiss his way down her body starting at the neck, to her breasts and then down further. The short stubble on his jaw and face caused just the right amount of friction. He pulled her clothing down roughly to uncover what he was seeking. His head dipped and he ran his greedy tongue down her slit slowly, tasting her arousal, and then back up where he completed the movement with a teasing nip to her clitoris. A tortured moan escaped her lips as her back arched, pushing her arousal towards his face. He did this so well. 

As her need grew, he inserted a finger, then another, all the while targeting her sensitive folds with his lashing tongue. She began to feel the familiar build up of flutters and her thighs clenched around his head as she held him in place with handfuls of his hair. She exploded against his mouth, and he lapped at what his hard work had achieved. The shudders kept on coming, pinning her to the floor in her ecstasy.

He rose and smiled at her, his lips glistening. Now it was his turn, and to say he was ready would be an understatement! He scooted forward, lining up the head of his cock with her opening and he rubbed it in the wetness there. "Give it to me" she pleaded. There was nothing he wanted more, so he granted her wish and drove himself inside her. Still swollen from her orgasm, his cock pushed its way in and she gasped at the fullness. He looked down at her as he slowly rotated his hips, stimulating her clitoris. Her eyes closing, breaths turning into gasps. Pressing a kiss to her lips, his arms went to either side of her body, hands holding her shoulders and his thrust deepened. She wrapped her legs around his back and met his thrusts as his moans grew more urgent. There was a sheen of sweat building between their bodies, sticky slapping noises audible as each thrust slammed them together. Her fingers dug into his shoulders as she urged him toward his release. "Give me your cum" she instructed and he felt his orgasm take hold almost immediately, spurts of hot cum flowing from him to the woman he held in his arms. "Mmm" she accepted it all gratefully and lifted her head to kiss his lips. 

After the shockwaves subsided she knew she had to leave him to his work and get back to the real world. They shared one last embrace.

He might always be her darkest secret but he would never be a regret.

In the car on the way back to her other life, the man on the radio announced that today was "Blue monday" and apparently the most miserable day of the year. "I'll take another blue monday like this, anytime" she contemplated, feeling the warm gift he had given her seeping out from between her legs.