 I

On the worst night of his entire life, Todd Whitman had sexual relations with two -- by all accounts, perfectly sexy -- teenaged college girls. 

The first day he moved into his dormitory he fell deeply for the girl across the hall, named Annie Walls. Todd was quiet and shy and it took him a very long time to finally ask her on a date. When they came back it was Annie who stepped in front of his door and gave him a soft, warm kiss on the mouth. It lasted just long enough that he felt her juicy lower lip slide, slick and smooth, between his. 

He was too nervous to ask her out again, and waited, hoping she would make the first move. When she didn't, he became depressed and went out to get drunk -- and that was how he arrived at her door one fateful November night, hammered, just returned fresh from a party that included being tossed from a porch ten feet off the ground by a few fraternity brothers for being caught in the bathroom with Mary-Ellen Cartwright and Mary-Ellen Cartwright's boobs. Mary-Ellen had her hands down his pants, Todd Whitman had his hands up her shirt, and Mary-Ellen had just broken up with the president of the frat whose party they were attending. Needless to say, when the brothers broke into the bathroom, Mary-Ellen's warm and strong little fingers were stroking his fully erect penis, and the most painful thing about being thrown ten feet off the porch was knowing that he was not going to get to lift up Mary-Ellen's skirt and bend her over the sink that night, after all...

Sick from being teased, battered and broken by the toss from the porch, drunk from the endless beer games he'd played with the terrible fraternity members, he stumbled home to his dormitory -- lovesick for Annie, homesick for his old bed, horny, nauseous from the loss of the fingers around his halfhard cock. He strolled up to 311, knocked promptly on the door, and was welcomed by a slap to the face. 

"I heard," Annie Walls said, her eyes bloodshot from tears. 

Annie Walls was not the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen, but there was something else about her that drew him to her, sexually, in a way he'd never known before. She stood just above his shoulder, had a head of straightened black-brown hair that trickled down to her breasts; her face was nice, attractive on the right day, her lips full and alluring; she wore a spaghetti-strap top that exposed a marvelous cleavage, two large, round orbs straining firmly against the fabric of her shirt, which was pulled up slightly to reveal the hard line of her abdomen. He let his eyes wander down her body, to her creamy white legs, just muscular enough, so white and perfect, that he'd often imagined what it would be like to have her on her hands and knees and open her legs up by the ankles, running his hand down her calves and up the warm muscle of her hamstring underneath her firm butt. She was athletic, but not visibly muscular -- slightly larger than the average attractive girl, but significantly bustier, curvaceous. She was a completely different kind of creature from the short, tight, skinny-as-a-rail girls that usually caught the attention of his sexual mind. She was something else -- fertile, completely fuckable, deliciously ripe and full of bosom and blessed with a sharp tongue that added an irresistible spiciness. 

Drunk and unembarrassed he let himself in, gracefully taking her by her shaking shoulders, calming her with little kisses to her cheeks and to her forehead, sitting them both down on the bottom bunk of her bed. She cried a little more and he felt his heart tear. All thoughts of sex vanished from his mind. Inside he cursed Mary-Ellen, cursed the frat and the alcohol, cursed stupid college and the stupid things it made him do. It all seemed so easy now, now that he was drunk and sitting here with Annie Walls crying in his arms, all he had needed to do was to call her once, call her just once, then he could get to know her even more and then things never would have to be uncomfortable ever again and everything would be alright just like he had wanted it to be. 

"I made an enormous, humungous mistake," he told her, his lips gentle on her eyelash. 

"I really, really like you," she said. 

"I really, really like you too."

She pulled away from him, put her hand gentle on the hard bristle of his jawline.

"I mean it. Like a lot."

He was transfixed her soft voice, the brown in her eyes, the way her soft milky skin felt beneath the touch of his hand. He loved the way she shuddered when he stroked his hand down her shoulder, down her back, resting at the crook of her hip and caressing ever so slightly, him all the while dizzy with drink, and love, and lust.

"Annie," he whispered, letting her hand draw his chin up, his face closer. 

In an instant her lips were on his, wet and cool, her breath minty like toothpaste in his mouth. He tried to take it slow, to control the girl that was pressing her lips into him, to taste her impossibly soft, pillowy lips, to enjoy the electricity rushing down his spine, to fend off the hardness growing between his legs.

Yet it was a lost effort. Annie seemed intent on upping the ante: she climbed on top of him, straddled him, her huge breasts heaving with each breath against his chest, slapping against his neck, under his chin. His mouth went dry, his dick sticking straight up through his jeans, solid as a rock and fully extended. When she lowered herself down and felt through her thin little gray shorts his hardness she paused, her mouth still on his, her eyes open and heavy with lust. She looked right at him as she grinded down the thin fabric of her crotch over the length of his pulsing manhood. 

He groaned and muttered something incoherent as she continued to dry hump him, her hands working under his shirt to press and clutch against the bare skin of his chest. He grabbed her by her neck and pulled her closer, sucking on her cheek and her neck and trailing kisses down her collarbone, making her arch her back, her lower center of gravity thrusting her hips even harder, sharper, into the tent in the jeans. Feeling now that he had permission, he reached down with his hands and felt her legs, her upper thighs, squeezed his hands along the smooth woman-flesh, delighting in the feel beneath his fingers, the feel of her teeth firmly around his upper lip. He paused when his hands reached her shorts, waiting for some sign that this would be okay.

She straightened up, her crotch resting on his erection, and he could feel the heat emanating from her core over his manhood. He looked down and saw that her gray shorts were starting to soak through between her legs. Thrilled, he turned up to her, caught in her gaze, her normally pale face flushed with exertion and wanting. She took a hold of his hands in hers and pulled them up, up, up under her gray shorts. She gave little sighs and moans of happiness as his hands explored inside her shorts, reaching around a thumb to stroke the crest of her pussy, grinding firmly against her clitoris. She closed her eyes, shudders running up and down her body again.

Then he took a firm hold of her hips under her shorts and commenced with a serious of violent humps of his hardened jean-crotch area against her soft, thinly protectly, ultra-sensitive woman-area. Each thrust elicited a powerful cry from her -- he felt his dick hammering her warm and soft wetness and knew that if he did this hard enough he could make himself burst in his pants. She must have sensed this, for she threw herself off of him, standing up. 

"I want you to put it right here," she said, bending over, rolling her wasted gray shorts down her ass so that Todd could see the thin slit of her pussy. "I want you to stick that cock inside."

Todd wasted no time in pulling his swollen and throbbing member from his jeans and lining it up behind her. He felt a shiver run through him as he saw her large, round, fleshy breasts hanging down under her tight sleeveless shirt. He reached around and felt them heavy and warm in his palms. He fumbled with his dick to line it up properly with her hole. The very tip of his head touched her vulva. Untold thoughts rippled through his mind, thoughts like "how the hell am I this lucky", thoughts like "my God this is going o feel incredible", thoughts like "I need this so badly."

And then it happened.

She suddenly stood up straight, pulled up her soggy shorts, gave him a dirty look, and walked out of the room. 

Todd was left standing there alone, shoulders tensed up in anticipation, holding his throbbing hot-hard meat in the palm of his hand. 

The pain was tremendous. After a minute or two when it was clear she wasn't returning, he lurched to the side and vomited out the window. He knew it wasn't from the alcohol. His dick became suddenly tender to the touch, like it was bruised. His testicles shriveled in their pouch. He let out a bloodcurling scream and punched the wall and nearly broke his hand. His voice carried down the dusty, hot hallways of the dorm, echoing in the corridors and through the hazy thoughts of all the 19-somethings in the world lost and drunk and in love on a Friday night, chasing the ghost of something in the bottoms of red cups and under the cusp of girls' skirts that they would never quite understand. 

II

It was months later that he next saw her. He had avoided her hallway at all costs, returning to and leaving his room either very early in the morning or very late at night. He came across pictures of her online from time to time. Whenever he saw these pictures he had a sudden powerful urge to bend her sharply and roughly over a heavy wooden chair, rip her pants down, take a firm hold of her breasts, and simply annihilate her vagina with his underfucked penis. 

One night he snuck into a bar with a few of his friends and he spotter her there, dancing like a nymphette, wearing a thin red slip with a dangerously long V neck that exposed the heavy milky flesh of her plump round breasts. She appeared not just sexy, but fertile, fuckable, full of life and vim and vigor. 

He strode up to her -- completely sober, clear-minded, his eyes alight with a passion he had never known. The world had become a strange, cold place to him; the bar was filled with men much older than he was, and it was to their barstools the girls were drawn. For a moment when he entered he had felt foolish, wearing his old Chicago Cubs hat, looking for a new place to get drunk on a Friday night, receiving odd glances from the college seniors, haughty in their of-age status, the girls eager to be women now, eager to flirt with older men to prove it; the guys he played basketball with in the fieldhouse no longer friendly and charming, but aggressive, eyes slightly dangerous. What had become of the old life, he wondered in passing. The old life did not have my classmates acting this way. 

In the old life, a voice in his head reminded him, your classmates were much younger. In the old life they did not know of places like this. 

As he approached her all of this ran through his mind, setting to his spirit a cold fire. He placed his hand on the chest of the larger man Annie was dancing with, gave him a warning glare, and pulled her back off the center of the dance floor and into the shadows of the bar.

"I can't believe you would do something like that," he said to her, before she could open her mouth. 

She started like she was going to say something, and then, her eyes soft and full of a regret so genuine it gave his steel-edged anger a pause, she began to cry. 

"I am so sorry," she said. "I-I tried to take it back. I looked for you every day. I knocked on your door so many times. I even tried to come in."

"I put headphones on when I'm in the dorm. I hate the sounds in that place. But nevermind that. Why the hell did you do what you did?"

"I was trying...to teach you a lesson," she said in a very small voice. 

"Do you realize the life I've been living? Do you realize what you did to me? It wasn't just my dick you broke."

"I know! I know it was an awful thing." She grew very quiet, brushed a tear from under her eyelid. "But you needed to learn that lesson."

"What the hell lesson do you think I learned?"

"Todd. Listen to me. I have a lot of friends. They see you all of the time."

"So what?"

"So, I know that I really mean something to you. I mean you leave the dorm by five-thirty A.M. to go running, then you eat breakfast, then you go to classes, then you eat lunch, then you go to the library, then you eat dinner, then you play basketball until the gym closes. You do this every day. If it's a weekend you stay in the library all day long. I don't think you've been out once since that night. I asked everybody about you."

"Of course you meant something to me. I mean Jesus Christ, Annie. Jesus Christ. I was just too nervous to ask you out again. That's why I got drunk that night. Mary-Ellen...it has no meaning. She has no meaning for me. I haven't talked to her since that night."

"How about we dance," she said.

A new song started and she turned her back to him, pressing against him slightly. 

"My body hasn't worked the right way since that night," he said.

She turned her neck to him while she twitched her butt, pressing back harder against his body.

"I think I can fix that," she said huskily, rotating her hips into his, the soft fabric of her dress and the warm muscle of her butt grinding into him. 

For the first time in months, he felt blood rushing to engorge his member. The sensation felt foreign, strange, a little uncomfortable. He felt the breath leaving his lungs as he leaned forward and held her body from behind; the sensation of having a girl close to him again was intoxicating, like he was jumping into a new ocean. All of the old feeling came rushing back, almost too quickly. The way the side of her stomach seemed to melt into his hands, the way the curve of her warm body slid into his arms like a missing puzzle piece. 

She was not shy with her dancing, wiggling her ass shamelessly into his groin, knowing full well the hardened pole that now poked her butt. She pulled his hands over her body, encouraged him to ravish her, stroking his palm down the center of her dress, running over her belly and down to her waistline. 

The bar was dark and she pulled him deeper into the corner, away from the crowd and the lights by the drinks, the flashing orbs illuminating for but half-a-moment the rest of the people present. 

Her enthusiastic bucking in tune to the rhythm made him sweat with lust and desire. He grinded hard against her tight red dress, feeling her warm cushy ass grind against his rock solid and pointing dick. He was sure now that she could feel it, poking her in the ass again and again as he rubbed hard against her firm behind. He held her hips tight as they danced, and it was all he could do to hold back from straight out humping her as hard as he could. 

The urge to violently fuck her brains out became uncontrollable when she pulled his hand up to explore the fleshy mound of her creamy right breast. The feeling of her breasts beneath his hands drove him out of his mind with wanting. He quickly unzipped his fly, reached into his boxers for his hard member, and slipped it through the fly. He hitched up her dress slightly and slid his dick up underneath, letting it ride it between her ass cheeks. She gasped loudly as she felt the throbbing cockmeat rubbing against her anus and in her crotch. He meanwhile delighted in the feeling of her fleshly ass caressing his dick, nestled in her crack. His whole soul was dancing as he pumped up and down her cheeks, the flat side of dick grinding into her anus. When she danced and twitched now the feeling was magnified, the feeling of flesh on flesh, of his cock on her. 

He rotated his hips slightly, nudged aside her panties with his finger, and felt his cock rest, once again, at her entrance. She opened her legs a bit as she danced to give him better clearance; he swayed slightly to give the appearance of moving. She barely gave a nod of ascent, dizzy and overcome by the sudden feeling on her sensitive center.

And with that he slammed the head of his thick meatcock up between her legs, feeling her thighs rush by him as he plummeted the length of his shaft up into her hot forbidden core of womanhood. 

The feeling was everything he imagined and more. As he fucked her all thought of being in public vanished -- he wouldn't care if everyone in the world saw him -- he felt high, like he was on a drug, as her slick pussy muscle clenched him, dizzy to the core as he buried himself within her, screwing the entire length of his penis inside her before withdrawing, eliciting a delicious sigh from her lips, and plunging in again, hard. 

All the lost feeling of the past few months welled up inside him as he fucked her. It was sweeter because it had been withheld for so long, yes, but still there was the element of revenge, the feeling that he wanted to split her in half, to fuck her until neither of them could breathe any longer, to lay waste to her sticky hole with thrust after thrust after thrust. 

Annie was screaming but her shouts were drowned out with the pounding music of the strange bar. With a thrill he imagined that through the flashes of light her girlfriends that had been spying on him for months could see her now, bent slightly over, her tight skirt pulled up rudely in the back, the throbbing, needy cock inside her making her pretty face contort in the throes of her erotic punishment. 

He drew her farther back, all the way back so that they hit a wall, still inside of her, moving slowly and carefully as if they were just moving to the beat of the song. He ran his hands up her sides, squeezing her breasts hard and tight in his palm, feeling the delectable flesh balloon through the cracks in his fingers with the pressure. 

"Let me fuck your tits," he gritted into her ear.

"What, here? Now?"

He tore off the straps of her skirt so that her chest was exposed. She went to her knees and he held her shoulders as he slid his rod, wet with her juices, into the sweaty crevice between her breasts. She pressed them together as he humped her chest and used the soft flesh to jerk up and down the length of his cock. She tilted her chin then so that with each thrust his sensitive dickhead was shooting into her hot mouth and waiting lips. 

Sure that they had been seen by someone now, and uncaring regardless, Todd led Annie over to a nearby barstool and shoved her over it. He hitched up her skirt all the way, nudging aside her panties again, and thrust back up into her tight core. Like a hot, wet grip, her vagina took him in, sucking at him as he drew out, lurching him back in as if by magnetic force. He wondered if there were anything in the entire world that could prevent him from thrusting into her right then -- and he quickly realized the answer was no. 

He reached down to hold her abused breasts in his hands as he rammed his pole inside of her. The increasing pounding of the music seemed to be in tune to his thrusts, which were becoming jerky, erratic, quicker. Her vagina squeezed tighter, making him see blackness in the corners of his mind from the ecstasy of it all, the incredible completion. The world around him all suddenly made a hazed sort of sense as the moment of truth approached, as his heavy, round testicles tightened, as she grinded her ass cheeks against his lower abdomen, as he felt the stimulation and changing pressure of entering her from a dozen new angles. His hips began to jackhammer into her ass, making a hard slapping sound as he convulsed and his throbbing dick began to twitch uncontrollably inside of her. 

The first stream of semen which sprayed inside of her was so intense he blacked out for a moment, recovering only by her mouth biting down hard on his hand, so hard it must have drawn blood; his vibrating dick loosed a second stream, and then a third, and he shaked and moaned and growled as the creature below him milked him of his seed, and he continued spraying her cervix, unable to do anything but hold on to her wet body as her pussy milked his very spirit out from the tip of his dickhead. 
