 This looked to be a great concert.  An eclectic assortment of bands had gathered for the weekend at one of the city’s most popular outdoor venues.  The rolling, grassy hills descended upon the main stage area like a royal entrance.  Footpaths marked the intended progression to the stage area, but most of the concert’s guests were scattering themselves on chequered picnic blankets, trying to secure the best vantage point to the entertainment.  The park’s perimeter was framed by lush evergreens, with assorted gardens dotting the outskirts like splashes of finger paint.  The contrast of bright blue sky against vivid green lawns left an indelible image, not to mention the fluid sight of the ocean dancing in behind the stage area.  

I was excited about the event, so much so that my body shivered with anticipation.  It’s true I wasn’t seeing anyone - at least not seriously - and while the option for an encounter with someone new wasn’t something I was actively seeking, I definitely prepared for any eventuality.  Lately, I’d noticed that men seemed to be attracted to my ample breasts, so I’d decided to really show them off.  My favourite red t-shirt with the scoop neck always seemed to accent the swell of my breasts in the most appealing way.  Paired with a short, flared skirt that flirted across my hips, I knew I put together a great package.  A little confidence (and a drink or two) would set up a very interesting evening.

It took me a few minutes to find the group of friends I was meeting.  They’d secured a great spot to see the bands, but were also near the beer garden, food stands, and marketplace.  I dropped off my knapsack and proceeded to scout out the merchandise.  Carving a trail through the midst of blankets and bodies strewn in lazy anticipation, I proceeded to peruse the wares of the local vendors.  Maybe I’d find a piece of jewellery to add to my collection.  As I wandered from booth to booth, I caught the sight of a collection of silk scarves and wraps.  The displayed colours were absolutely stunning, my fingers draping across one blue scarf that I had trouble resisting.

“That would look great in your hair”, a soft yet strong voice said from behind me.  I turned and looked up into the eyes of a Greek god.  He was tall with broad shoulders that could carry a forest of trees, and suddenly I caught my breath.

“Th..thanks”, I stammered.  For reasons I couldn’t immediately fathom, the mere presence of this man was causing a definite chemical reaction.  His upper body was clearly defined through the cotton shirt that tapered into his cargo shorts.  The short sleeves met the largest part of his bicep – I surmised that he must have a physical job, or work out regularly, seeing the way his muscle definition extended from the dark green material.  All the hair on my body was standing on end, and suddenly I was aware that my nipples were bursting through the thin cotton of my shirt.  “I don’t know if it’s really my style, though,” I said as I moved away from the booth.  I found an assortment of rings and bracelets to absorb myself in while I composed myself.  My eye caught a toe ring – I’d always wanted one – that would add a sexy note to my pedicured toes.  I quickly made the purchase before I changed my mind, and slipped the delicate weave of gold onto my toe.  After admiring the accent, I moved back to my group of friends.  The group had gotten a bit larger, and after catching up with everyone, a girlfriend and I decided to head to the beer garden for a drink.  

With the throngs of people accumulating in the area, my friend decided to grab a place to sit while I stood in line for drinks.  The queue moved slowly, so I had plenty of opportunity to check out the crowd.  Fun and anticipation filled the air, with shouts and laughter surrounding me.  Couples held each other while moving methodically towards the front of the line; others seemed to be jostling about to the faint sound of music coming from the stage areas.  After what seemed to be mere minutes, I picked up our drinks and anxiously sought out my buddy in the hundreds of partygoers.  Scanning the crowded tables, my intended gaze was interrupted the by sight of the same hard body I’d encountered at the market.  He was standing in line, and his sultry smile washed over me.  I made my way past the line to the tables, but not without passing this Adonis.

“I see you’re getting primed,” he quipped, as I approached him.  “Sure you got enough there?”  I laughed and assured him that I was sharing them with a friend.  He countered with an easy chuckle that resonated down to my core, and I could feel myself getting aroused by just being in the presence of this man.

“Well, that’s good,” he said, “I’d hate to see you lose control so early in the day.”  Flirtatiously, I tossed my head to the side, replying  “…and that would be bad, why?”  With a big smile and sway of the hips, I continued on my way.  Spotting my friend at a nearby table, I managed to sit down and gather my poise.  I mentioned nothing about my encounter with the chiselled and charming, sandy haired stranger  – this was an interest I was going to keep all to myself.  

After another round of drinks, we decided to head back to the concert area.  The music was infectious, enticing me to join the action.  I squeezed my way through the crowd to get closer to the performance.  As I jumped and swayed with the music, I sensed a raw, sexual energy was forming over the crowd.  It must have been the rhythmic drumming of the band, but it seemed like everyone was suddenly overheated.  Just as I scanned the swarm, I felt a hot breath in my ear.

“You’re not going anywhere, are you?”  In an instant, I was overcome with the husky scent of the mystery man.  His full lips were just grazing the top of my ear, and I couldn’t help but press my body back into his.  “Not anymore,” I murmured.  This was unbelievable, and certainly not something that I’d walk away from.  I’d never had an opportunity like this in my life, and realistically, it had been awhile since I’d been with a man.  Like a conductor leading his orchestra, his strong hands rotated over my hips with a rhythm that indicated he was ready for anything.

“I’ve been watching you all day, you know,” he whispered.  My breathing laboured as his hands slid around under my full breasts.  I couldn’t even speak the thoughts that were racing through my head.  All I wanted him to do was just ravage me right then and there in the middle of this mass of writhing bodies.  The music pulsed loud and strong – a perfect tempo to our chemistry.

As if reading my mind, his lips and tongue nibbled at the back of my neck.  “Don’t fight this, baby.  Just let me show you what we can do here,” he stated.  My hands seems childlike as I place mine on his, just grazing the underswell of my ample breasts.  “Show me,” I replied huskily.  There was no turning back now, not that I wanted to.

He moved his hands back over my hips, and slid one down to the edge of my skirt.  With a smooth motion, he moved his fingers under the fabric, back up my thigh.  “What’s this?  No panties?” he mused.  Giggling at his mistake, I corrected him, “Not quite.”  Sure enough, he hooked a thumb around the elastic of my thong.  Still swaying with the crowd, his hand caressed the roundness of my hips and butt.  I pressed my body back into him, and felt the strong presence of his hardness bulging through his shorts.  His hands continued to rub and knead at my ass cheeks, and the heat between my legs was almost unbearable.  With one arm still holding me under my swollen breasts, the other hand pushed to dive into the wetness between my thighs.  It was hard to believe that we weren’t attracting any attention, but then again, I wasn’t that concerned.  The danger and excitement of this encounter was more than I could have imagined.

Overcome with the desire to pleasure him, I slipped my hand behind me to feel his bulging member.  A low groan escaped his throat, and I fumbled to find the zipper.  In an instant, his cock was free from its confines and immediately pressed into my backside.  The tension was mounting quickly, as he struggled to hold me close and enter me from behind at the same time.  His fingers probing into my drenched pussy, his cock driving to find the target, the primitive growls we were each making were soon drawing attention from our music loving companions.  Quickly, we gathered ourselves together and made our way out of the crowd.  

Within a few minutes, he had led me to a wooded area, in the park beside the marketplace.  There appeared to be no one around – most people were focussed on the performance on stage rather than the performance about to happen.  We ducked in behind a cedar tree, his body pushing my back up against it.  He was such a large, commanding presence; I knew I would do anything he asked.  The sexual energy was intoxicating, as his head bent to kiss the fleshy mounds bursting from my shirt.  Pulling at the neckline circling my heaving breasts, his mouth moved back and forth frenetically, stirring my senses into a cauldron of tingling desire.  Soon, my breasts were freed from the confines of my lace bra, and the hot moisture of his mouth and tongue were teasing my nipples to hard diamonds.  My hands ran through his thick hair, pulling him closer to me.  The pace of our marathon was increasing with hands and tongues and fingers probing each other’s bodies.  

He stepped back, reaching into his shorts’ pocket.  Slowly, he pulled out a piece of blue fabric – it was the scarf I’d admired at the market.  “Thought this might come in handy, “ he smiled.  “We could use it as a blindfold,” draping it slowly across my eyes, “or maybe tie back your hands….?” he questioned.  The fabric moved delicately across my wrists, as my gaze lifted to meet his piercing blue eyes.  I stuck out my arm, indicating my consent.  Smiling wickedly, he deftly secured the silk to my wrist.  Holding my hand over my head, he draped the scarf over a low hanging branch and secured it to my other wrist.  With my hands positioned over my head, I let my gaze creep up every inch of his strong body.  By the time my eyes met his, both of us had a hunger that was almost insatiable.  He crushed his lips into mine, moving his mouth with a rhythmic pattern, sucking on my lips and tongue.  His hands and fingers grazed over my breasts, moving swiftly towards the unbearable heat between my legs.  Probing and teasing, his fingers pulsed into my wetness, building up a mountainous craving.  Sensing my urgency, he knelt in front of me, pushing my skirt up and pulling my panties aside.  Without hesitation, his hands grabbed my ass, pulling me towards him forcefully, burying his face in my sweetness.  His tongue danced around, in and out, bringing me near the point of explosion.  Together with his fingers diving into my pussy and his tongue teasing my clit, I was soon nearing the most intense orgasm I’d ever imagined.  My breath laboured and I moaned my pleasure just enough for him to hear.  In one quick motion, my body heaved as I came with the rolling waves of ecstasy.  Once my spasms subsided, he rose up and kissed my mouth hard.  I was totally aroused again by my own scent and taste on his mouth.

At some point, he’d released his throbbing tool from his shorts, and was ready to pin me hard against the tree.  His hand slid down over my side and lifted one of my legs around his hip.  The access to my netherworld was opened again, and in one slow, deliberate motion, he pushed his manhood to the limit.  Groans escaped both our throats as we melted into each other, only to be replaced by a sudden rush of sexual desire that was unstoppable.  Rocking together to a rhythm all our own, our bodies writhed in overwhelming heat.  His hands and mouth found my rounded bosom, smothering it with hot, wet kisses.  We were strangers, playing a dangerous yet exciting game of sexual adventure; totally oblivious to the concert we’d originally come to see.  He leaned his head into my neck, with my hands still held above my head, and began to kiss and lightly bite the salty, flushed skin.  Every nerve ending in my body was on fire, my mind racing in a swirling sea of desire.  Paying no attention to my near nakedness, I thrust myself harder onto him, meeting his rhythm perfectly.  His hands grasping, he pushed himself even deeper into my velvet-lined love hole.  With my legs now wrapped around his body and my hands secured with the blue silk scarf, I existed on a realm completely separate from earth and sky, only linked by the primal instincts of two animals seemingly mating for the survival of the species.

“Oh my god, I’m going to come, “ he gasped.  “Hang on baby, here we go….”  His movements became frantic as he exploded into my pussy with one last thrust.  My love muscles clenched around his still hard cock, milking every last drop of cum from his being.  I moaned my own release into his ear, licking the glistening sweat from my lips that had formed in the heat of the moment.  We crumbled from the exhaustion of our desire, falling back against the tree.  After a moment of recovery, he smiled and released my wrists from the silk scarf he’d purchased.  “Maybe you should keep this,” he said, “something to remember this by.”  I took the scarf, smiling wide into his rugged face, “Thanks, but I’m not going to need anything to remember THIS by!”  We both laughed with ease, basking in the afterglow of our incredible encounter.

I tied the scarf around my neck, feeling the cool softness of the silk against my tingling skin. With his arm draped casually around my shoulder, we walked back towards the gathering. “So, are you here for the whole weekend’s festivities, or just tonight?” he asked. With a wicked grin, I mentioned that I’d planned on catching more shows of the weekend. “Maybe I’ll see you tomorrow, then?” he queried.

“Maybe you will….” And with a long wet kiss, we went separately into the crowd.