 The Cast--

Felicia-- Newfound Rich Bitch. Recently won $450 million (post tax) in Powerball Lottery. Bought her own NASCAR team. Donated lots of money to a Nunnery, just in case she does take her final vows. Living the High Life, but without plastic surgery. 

Stephen-- Resident nice guy. Finds his day job a bit boring, so he decides to become a male escort by night. Stunning personality and boyish good looks keeps his social calendar full each week. Only problem is, he often finds himself escorting 72-year-old widows to charity dinners. 

The Scene—

Felicia must attend a charity dinner for the Children's Hospital (she donates prime hood space on one of her NASCAR's to the hospital.) Not wishing to go stag, she calls the Studs R Us Escort Service, and places her order for a tall, dark, boyishly cute man with big arms to escort her. She also requires the man be a bit of a smart ass, with above average intelligence. The "mister" informs her he has just the man for her-- the ladies' choice-- Stephen! Felicia says she will send her limo to pick him up at 9 PM, so they can make it to the dinner by 10. 

The Clothing—

Stephen is wearing a tailored Versace tuxedo, in classic black, with velvet and satin accents. Hematite buttons and cufflinks add exquisite detail to the tux, complementing all 6'1" of his stature. Freshly shaven, with a boyish face any girl would want to take home to mamma! Felicia opts not to wear classic black like all the other society ladies. Instead, she wears a timeless royal blue dress, designed by Vera Wang. The dress is long, with a slit from the floor up to mid thigh on the dress (yes-- a 30-inch slit on the dress) The bodice of the dress fits her perfectly (empire waist) with open shoulders. The neckline is high, emphasizing Felicia's shoulders and face. Felicia also had gloves made out of the same silk as the dress-- the gloves cover her arms up to about 2 inches from her shoulders. A moderately high strappy Steve Madden shoe completes the dress. Never needing hose, our Felicia is only wearing the dress with a convertible bra . . .no panties, so a wrong move with that split could "expose" her. Felicia even had a professional make-up artist fly in to do her make-up. . .the premier face guy decided to play up her brown eyes. Simple 3-carat diamond earrings, and a teardrop diamond pendant complete the look for her. 

Stephen arrives at the hotel at about 9:15. Felicia's driver escorts him up to her penthouse suite at the Giorgio. Even though she is worth more than $800 million (thanks to some wise financial guru who only helps millionaires) she remains the silly Colorado girl. . . she quickly introduces herself to her escort. She walks around him, checking him out, very impressed. She just adores tall, dark, and handsome men! Stephen shyly looks at the woman who is paying $600 per hour for his company, paid time starting the minute he stepped into her limo. He thinks she is cute, and he is glad she's at least half the age of his usual clientele. He instantly recognizes she is not "old money"-- her dress, her hair, her smile screams middle class! He takes some comfort in that idea-- he hopes she will at least be "real." 

"Loosen up, silly," she chides as she hands him a beer. "I won't bite! Come sit in here with me for a few minutes so we can make some small talk." Stephen follows Felicia into the sitting room of the suite. He sits on the couch, and she sits in a chair across from him. As she goes to sit, he sees just how far up her leg the sexy slit goes. . .and he can't help but notice how stunning the color is on her. He answers her questions. . .who is he, what does he do, etc. etc. Once she gets through the general bullshit, she tells him a bit about herself. Where she was raised, about her NASCAR dream team, how she keeps her mom on fancy European cruises, etc. She seems warm, even personable to him. He make sure to pay close attention to her instructions for the evening, as she details his gentlemanly responsibilities for the evening. 

Felicia listens to all of Stephen's answers-- he is definitely intelligent, and easy on the eyes. A smart ass attitude, too-- even though he is trying hard not to let it show. She looks at the clock, telling him they need to get going. Right on cue, Stephen rises, takes her hand, gently kisses it, then helps her up from the chair. The charity dinner progresses like all charity dinners. Felicia finds herself spending more time talking with her "escort," than with her tablemates. That was okay with her; she felt most of the people there were pretentious; they only invited her because she was a benefactor of the hospital. 

Stephen was amazed at her oratory skills when Felicia spoke. She stood before about 1,500 people, delivering a flawless speech. He was mesmerized by her as she proudly (he thinks there is no other word for it, except maybe a cockswagger) walks back to the table. The slit opened at just the perfect time, showing off her leg and giving just a glimpse of the covered one. One minute flowed into the next. Felicia took his hand, holding onto it while they talked. He was waiting for her to make some kind of comment about paying for him; all the other rich bitch ladies loved to remind him he was only rented meat. Not Felicia. She just smiled at him, telling silly jokes. 

At about 12:30 am, Felicia looked at him and said, "Let's get out of here-- I've had enough of this fakeness. Have you?" Stephen could barely contain his excitement at leaving. 

Before he could even get around to pull out her chair, she had already bounded up. Then she grabbed his hand, pulling him out of the fancy ballroom. He thought it would have been proper for him to excuse them from the table; she gave him no chance. 

They ran hand in hand to her limo. Once inside, she asked him a polite question: "How long can I keep you tonight?" 

Stephen could see she was a novice- most of the ladies have already paid for their time, and are eager to send him home when the meter ran out. He began to wonder how much of a deposit Felicia had given for him (all new customers put down a deposit, until it is determined what "type" of customer she will be.) He decided to answer her in the most polite way he could-- "As long as you desire my company, I am here for you."

Not missing a beat, she said, "All of you?" 

Poor Stephen. Another loaded question. Why doesn't she just say what she means??? 

"If I may," he says, " what exactly are you looking for?" 

Her face brightens. The blue against her skin is stunning, and she shifts herself in the limo seat closer to him. Felicia takes his right hand into her silk gloved right hand. Then she purrs. . . "I want to kiss you, mess up your hair, feel your body against mine." A few moments pass. She continues, "Your naked body against mine." 

Felicia leaned in to kiss Stephen.

A big, wet kiss. He felt her tongue playing off of his. He just wanted to grab her, hold her tight, and force a strong kiss on her. But, he didn't dare, as he thought about the sexy dress she was wearing. Yes, he thought-- he'd found her attractive from the moment he saw her. 

Felicia pulled back from the delicious kiss. She can feel her pussy becoming wet. Blue silk is not the "thing" to wear when you are a passionately "wet" kind of lady. She takes his hand again, and says, "A few more moments, and we'll be back to my suite. I want all of you." Stephen kisses her hand like the version of Prince Charming he is. . . 

Once back into her penthouse, Stephen sits back on her couch. Felicia asks him if he wants something to drink, or if he is ready to just get down with her. Damn, he thinks, another loaded question! Of course he is ready to "get down" with her! But, he can't just say THAT. 

Felicia starts to walk out of that room. "Come follow me," she says, challenging him. "Unless you want me to have the limo take you home?" 

He couldn't get off of the couch fast enough to find her! "No," says, "I'm here for you, remember?" 

"Good," she says. "Enough of this talking shit. . . do I turn you on, or can you get a polite stiffy for me?" 

Does she turn me on, thinks Stephen. Hell, yes! And she knows it! And she knows the bulge in his pants is not any kind of a "polite stiffy." 

"I have a raging hard on for you," he says, as he rubs his hand across his obvious bulge. 

Felicia peels off her gloves, tossing them on the floor. She moves over to him, and turns her back to him. Her hair is short enough, he can see the necklace clasp. "Be so kind, and unclasp my necklace, then unhook my dress." She almost orgasms as she feels his hands brush against her neck, then the release of the necklace. He places the necklace in the palm of her hand.

Stephen thinks how soft she is, how good she smells. He pulls her closer to him by her shoulders, so he can unhook the sexy dress. She feels his hot breath on her neck. He unhooks the dress, holding onto it so it doesn't just fall to the floor. He places open mouth kisses on the back of her neck, as she leans back into him. She can feel the hardness of his cock, pressing into her back. Felicia puts her hands on his; he releases the dress and takes her hands instead. The dress falls to the floor. 

She turns around to face him. Felicia unhooks the convertible bra (44DD) revealing her breasts topped off by hard nipples. She stands there, before him, wearing only her earrings and her shoes. She realizes how vulnerable she feels, how much she wants to feel his hard prick inside of her, pounding her into ecstasy. 

Stephen can't believe she's so exposed in front of him. He keeps thinking "thank heavens it is HER naked in front of me right now, and not one of the old society ladies!" He wants to just grab her, but he is a bit nervous. . .she's paying for this! What if he does something she doesn't want? Oh, the pressure. 

Felicia looks at Stephen, wondering why he still has clothes on. She kicks off her shoes, and asks him if everything is okay. "Yes," he says. 

"Do you want to fuck me," she says, forgetting her manners. 

"Yes," he says, impatiently. "But, I don't. . ."

She interrupts, "I don't think you are a virgin, gosh, I hope the hell not!" She smiles at him and says, "Just take off your clothes and pretend you like me, then fuck me." 

"I don't have to pretend," he retorts. He sits on the edge of the bed, almost sliding off with the slick black satin sheets. Felicia stands there naked, looking at him. She moves next to him, helping Stephen take off the tux. She starts to unbutton the shirt, and he quickly pulls her close. Seems her breasts were right at mouth level, and he puts his mouth on her left breast. This melts Felicia. She can feel the wetness spreading from her pussy, slipping down her legs. She pulls back from him, speedily helping him out of the annoying tux. 

She looks up at Stephen, telling him, "I want to fuck you, I want you to fuck me, and I want it to happen right now!" 

She feels his hand slipping between her wet legs, his fingers probing her pussy. When she has him bare, she can see the extent of his hardness. No faking THAT, she thinks to herself. She prepares to go down on him, when she feels a wet hand under one of her arms, and the other one pulling her down onto the slick bedding. 

Stephen doesn't say anything. Neither does Felicia, just a surprised gasp at him overpowering her! She plops herself down next to him, as he repositions himself next to her. Not one to be outdone, Felicia moves in closer to him, sitting up to meet his mouth with her wet, hot tongue. 

She pulls herself closer to him,guiding his right hand down to her slick pussy. Stephen starts his expert massage on her clit, rubbing it with his thumb. Felicia slides her right hand down to her pussy as well, getting her fingers good and wet with her fabulous pussy juice. Then, she pulls her mouth away from his, letting him smell the musky sweetness of her. . .he starts to lick her fingers. She pulls her hand away, putting her mouth back on his to give him more deep, wet kisses. 

She moves her hand back down to her sugar pot, getting her fingers even wetter than before. He still is rubbing her clit, and he can feel her pleasure as she starts to grind herself onto his hand.

He breaks away from her kisses, focusing his attention on her hard nipples as he brings her closer to him. She feels her head start to spin with intense pleasure as he sucks her nipples. She moves her soaking hand away from her pussy, using the wetness to rub his pocket monster.

She finds herself going crazy with desire for his meat, wanting to feel him fucking her, and fucking her the way she deserves to be fucked-- hard! "Fuck me now," she whispers to him,breathlessly. 

Felicia moves herself on top of him, straddling his hard cock. She tries to move herself where her wet pussy can just slide down his pole. . .Stephen has other plans, as he topples her over onto the bed. 

Amazed, she thinks he is going to shove himself inside of her (yes, yes!) and fuck her in the basic missionary position. . . 

Stephen slides himself off of the bed, pulling her pussy closer to him using her thighs. He dives his long tongue into her hole, tasting the gush of her orgasm immediately. He feels her thrashing about a bit on the bed, and tightens his grip on her thighs. 

Felicia raises herself up on her elbows; she realizes she is totally at his whim-- he continues to lick her, using his hot tongue on her oh-so-sensitive clit. Orgasm after orgasm pounds her, filling her with intense pleasure. She can barely say a word to him; his tongue is absolutely fabulous. . .she just keeps cumming and comming and comming. . . 

Stephen is amazed at the effect he is having on her. Her pussy stays receptive to his tongue, and she keeps exploding more and more sweet pussy juice onto his waiting tongue. He can feel the raw intensity of his raging hard on. . .his need is blazing white hot. . .yet he can't stop himself from pleasing her, over and over and over. 

Finally, Felicia can't take any more. . .she pulls her ass away from his mouth. He witnesses one last gush of fluid, as her pussy trembles with another orgasm. She can barely move, but musters up the strength to slide off of the bed into his lap. She starts to kiss him, licking her juices off of his lips, savoring the taste of herself. 

She puts her hand into Stephen's lap. She's glad his prick is still rock hard, ready for her to fuck. "Fuck me, fuck me now," she begs him again. "Just shove your cock in me." 

He keeps kissing her, ignoring her cries for the fuck she wants, the fuck she deserves. 

"Don't you want to be inside of me," Felicia says, confused with desire. Stephen continues to kiss her. 

She pushes him back onto the carpet, causing him to pull his legs out from under himself. She straddles him for the second time, guiding his cock into her waiting hole. The first entrance feels so tantalizing to her, she lifts her hips up quickly so he would pop out of her tight pussy. He grabs her hips, forcing her back down onto his dick. She gasps loudly as he takes control of her motions, forcing her pussy down onto his waiting pole. 

He can't stop looking at her breasts, bouncing upwards each time he enters her. Her nipples are rock hard,jutting up. He wants to grab one, suck on one, but he doesn't dare give her a break from his dick.

She leans herself back a tiny bit, enough for him to see her clit exposed. He looks at his cock as it goes in and out of her pussy. "Is this what you want," Stephen says, with the rhythm of his pounding. "Am I fucking you, and fucking you hard?" 

Felicia leans forward a bit, and looks down at him. The pounding of his cock into her pussy is grand. . .she can barely think. She loves the feel of his hands on her hips, grabbing her ass, touching her in the most of intimate places. She looks at his arms, feeling her nipples get harder. 

"Is this what you want," he asks again, shoving himself harder into her. 

"No," she says. "No." 

Taken aback, he pounds himself into her hot hole harder. "This is what you want, right?" 

"No." 

And he pounds her harder, feeling like his dick is going to explode. 

"I'm paying for you to come," she says, breathlessly. "Fuck me hard until I feel your come explode in me. . ." 

"Fuck," he says loudly. He uses his shoulders to hold her legs up high, giving him plenty of leverage to hammer her pussy with his cock. 

He looks down into her positively dark eyes, seeing nothing but extreme pleasure. She's in pure, unadulterated ecstasy-- He speeds up his already frenzied pace, enjoying the tightness of her pussy. He pounds her harder, squeezing her ass harder. He moves his shoulders up a bit more, giving him more leverage to shove himself in her to the full hilt. 

She has no sense of time... all she knows is orgasm, orgasm, orgasm! His hands on her ass, spreading her cheeks adds to the intensity of her orgasms. Oh, Felicia wants him to come for his pleasure. . . 

And it happens. He comes with such a force she feels like her pussy can barely hold all of his hot juice! She comes again as she enjoys the feeling of him in her. 

He is holding her so tight, she is wondering if he can breathe. His muscles relax, and all she can think about is how she's going to have a helluva hard time walking at the track later on the next day. "Fuck it, and fuck it some more," she says. 

"Humn," Stephen manages to say, lost in the feelings of his own stellar orgasm. 

"Fuck me some more, I am feeling insatiable," Felicia says, as she reaches to kiss him. 

He eagerly accepts her kiss, as she feels the stiffness of his cock rising in her.