 Ethan Slade was sort of a dog lover, that's how he got to know Bridie Collinson. Admiring a woman's dog is a surefire way of getting into conversation and Ethan had used this method successfully for several years. He often remembered his past conquests by their dogs. Della and Watson, the Labrador, Kelly, and Caesar the rambunctious Boxer and of course Becky McKenzie and Lloyd the performing Fox Terrier

In Bridie's case, it was Riggs the Bassett Hound, he licked Ethan's hand as he sat on a park bench one day and that started the ball rolling.

"You're lucky," said, Ethan to the dazzling blonde that was on the other end of the leash, "I live in an apartment where they don't allow dogs or I'd have a dog like him in a minute."

The discussion about dogs eventually moved on and they touched on a variety of other subjects fortuitously ending up with wine making. Because he was obviously a dog lover and had an interest in fermentation the next thing he knew he was being invited around to her place for a glass of her home made Merlot.

Now Ethan knew his dog women and he figured that he'd be laid within 30 minutes of his arrival, and that might have been the case if it hadn't have been for that dam dog. Every time he even got close to Bridie that slobbering hound would start to growl and snap.

"He's very protective," she laughed, "He doesn't like men to getting too close to me, I suppose that's why I've never managed to hang on to a steady boyfriend."

Ethan was not particularly looking for anything steady, he wanted to rattle Bridie's bones and move on to the next canine fancier, but Riggs had other ideas. Bassett Hounds are not what you would call a menacing looking dog when compared to a Pit Ball or a Doberman, but when defending a lady's honor he found that they can be a formidable adversary.

Sitting on opposite sides of the coffee table the couple sipped their wine and from his vantage point he could see right up her shapely legs, and when she bent over to top up his wine her low cut top showed a beautiful pair of tits that made his mouth water. It was so frustrating.

"I'm thinking of mating Riggs with a Bassett Hound owned by a friend of mine," she said, "He's never had that experience before so I think he'll be quite excited."

Ethan imagined being there and jumping in front of him every time he tried to mount the bitch and snarling at him. "That would serve the little fucker right," he thought to himself.

"I suppose any dog would be excited by such a prospect," she said, crossing her legs slowly and seductively, "Even people," she added.

Well Ethan was getting sexually aroused, which is much the same thing, and he decided he had nothing to lose by just coming out with it,

"I'd be over the moon if it was with a girl like you," he smiled.

She uncrossed her legs, now he could see right up to the little white strip of cotton that his dick was anxious to bore a hole through.

"Perhaps if you gave Riggs one of his doggie treats he would get to trust you more," she suggested, and getting up she went into the kitchen and came back with a box of Milk Bones. There was a lot of tail wagging and within a few minutes, Ethan was sitting beside Bridie on the sofa.

Everything was going well until they started to kiss and once more the dog gave a ferocious growl. He threw him another bone and then, while the dog chewed on it, his tongue managed to explore the inside of Bridie sweet mouth.

It was when he put his hand up her top and began to fondle her tits that Riggs jumped up with his front paws on Ethan's lap and bared his teeth. Yet another bone was thrown, and another when his hand slipped up Bridie short skirt to feel her warm firm thighs.

"Could we possible go into the bedroom," he inquired getting a little fed up with breaking off for doggie snacks.

She seemed as anxious as he was to get the show on the road and so after tossing a couple more bones onto the rug they made their way to her big beautiful bouncy bed. She quickly took off her top, dropped her skirt to the ground and while she rolled on the bed in eager anticipation he got out of his clothes and leaped up beside her.

Just as things seemed to be going so well the door to the bedroom opened and who should walk in but Riggs!

"Oh that door doesn't close properly." she said, "and he's learned to open it."

Ethan wasn't in the mood to go back into the other room for more Scoobie Snacks and so he bravely got out of the bed stark naked grabbed Riggs by the collar dragged him into the closet and closed the door.

"I don't think he'll like that," Bridie protested.

"But you're going to like this," Ethan replied, standing on the bed with his big night stick hovering over her.

She reached up and took it in both of her hands, "I think I will," she smiled, and sitting up she took it between her moistened lips.

As Riggs howled and scratched at the door his mistress massaged and sucked Ethan's dick until he felt the top of his head would blow off. When he shouted that he was cumming she finished it off with her hands and let his goo shoot all over her face. She tasted a little on her finger and then lay back inviting him to do what ever he wanted with her.

Ethan lowered himself onto her lithe silky white body and began to suck her hard pink nipples, she groaned and moaned, and Riggs sort of echoed the same sounds from the closet. It was a bit eerie but he ignored it and got on with the job at hand.

When he moved his attention from her tits to her pussy he parted her thighs and gently used his fingers to play with the lips. The moaning and groaning (and howling), got louder. Ethan lowered his face between her legs and began to lick her moist groove as her ass squirmed up, down and sideways.

As he ran his tongue the length of her slit she held onto his forearms and shoved her pussy harder against his mouth. He kept on licking those petals just lightly with the end of his tongue until her grip on his arms became tighter and tighter.

"Oh my god," she cried out, and she shook as though she might be going into a fit but it was a prelude to her orgasm. "OH MY GOD!" she cried out again, panting and moving her head around like someone possessed. Ethan, feeling that it seemed appropriate to fuck her doggie style, didn't give her a chance to come down, he just turned her over and rammed his dick deep inside of her. With his arms around her holding onto her gorgeous pendulous tits he crashed against her bum time and time again, until his balls started to ache and he could feel his goo oozing inside of her. Bridie was making whimpering sounds as she came for the second time and when it was all over she quickly turned and took his dick into her mouth in attempt to savor its taste once more.

Still naked, Ethan let the dog out of the closet and that proved to be the most stupid thing he'd ever done. Riggs was pissed off with this guy who'd been pounding his mistress's love tunnel and filling it up with his bodily fluid and so he took a flying leap and latched onto to his scrotum.

Fortunately, it was only the skin he'd sunk his teeth into but fearing for his beloved testicles and in a state of panic he picked up a lamp from the bedside table and gave Rigg's a swift bonk on the head. Rendered unconscious he lost his grip on Ethan's ball sack and fell into a heap on the floor.

He was expecting Bridie to fuss over his bleeding scrotum but she immediately knelt down beside her dog and began wailing like a banshee.

"You cruel heartless bastard," she yelled, looking up at him with a venomous expression on her face, "Get out of our house - we don't ever want to see you again - do we Riggsy?"

He left with his tail between his legs and it was almost two weeks before he ventured into the park again and who should join him on his favorite seat but Bridie.

"I'm sorry about losing my temper," she apologized, "It was just seeing Riggs lying on the floor like that."

"How is Riggs," he asked, doing his best to look interested.

"Oh he's over at my friends house fucking her dog, she said, "he'll be there for the next couple of days, and it so happens that I've just bottled a batch of Beaujolais," she paused and sighed sensuously, "if you have a little time to spare you could come around to my place to give me your opinion."

"Only if you promise not to bite my scrotum," he smiled.

"Oh I can't promise that," she laughed, "I really can't."