 Part III: Happy Birthday?

All characters in this series are fictitious, as are the encounters between characters. The boarding school is at the high-school level, and all characters involved in the stories are over the age of 18.

Part III: Happy Birthday contains deep-throating and gagging.

***********************

Since his extra credit sessions with Trisha, Rob's grades had steadily improved -- something Amanda had noticed.

"I'm really proud of you, Rob! I think we've finally figured out how to study and help you with Biology!" she had said after they got back another quiz. Rob had gotten a B+, Amanda an A as always.

If only she knew how I've been keeping my grades up, Rob thought. On the one hand he was really pleased that his grades were improving, but he was also getting frustrated with biology. He still didn't really understand some of the material, and it bothered him to get good grades that he hadn't really deserved. He'd told Trisha about it at their most recent "study session", and she'd laughed it off.

"As long as you keep me cumming, Rob, I'll keep the good grades coming."

It's not that Rob wasn't pleased to be fucking the biology teacher, but it was getting to be too much of the same. Even his homework sessions with Amanda were getting to be repetitive. Rob remembered the first time he and Amanda had done it -- he was shocked, then, that she wanted it in the ass. Now, she wanted it every time they fucked. She was still hot, and he couldn't get enough of her tits and pussy, but he wanted something new.

----------

At Monday's morning meeting, the Headmaster usually gave useless tidbits of information, and Rob would zone out until they were allowed to leave. Today, though, the Headmaster mentioned something that made his ears perk.

"I want to wish a happy birthday to Evey and Anne, who are turning 18 today. Happy birthday, girls!"

Rob hadn't paid much attention to Evey and Anne, the twins, since school started -- after all, they didn't have any classes together -- but he remembered now how they had flirted with him at that first morning meeting. An idea came to his mind, and it wouldn't budge.

----------

Some days after classes were over, Rob would go to a small building built into the outer wall of the grounds, where he had moved the school's drum-set. There had been complaints about noise when it was still in the art room, and so Rob had suggested this little building as an alternative. Whenever he was feeling particularly stressed, or just wanted to get away from things for a while, he would play for an hour or two.

Rob was there again, that afternoon, drumming away and trying to work through the details of his plan. Somehow he had to think of a way to get his idea across to the twins without scaring them off. He was having a hard time trying to figure it out, and his mind kept wandering to thoughts of the twins -- their brown eyes, their shoulder-length brown hair, their habit of giggling constantly. It had bothered him a bit when he met them, but now it seemed like a cute habit, and one he would love to experience more often.

Knock-knock. Knock-knock.

Rob faintly heard the knocks on the door, and he looked up. Amazed, he saw Evey standing at the door, smiling flirtily at him.

"Hey! What are you doing here?" Rob asked

"I heard drumming, and I wanted to come check it out. I've heard it before, and I've seen you walking in and out, so I figured it must be you... [giggle] I wanted to come say hi," she said.

"Well, you're right, it's me. But, enough about me, happy birthday! The big eighteen, huh? How does that feel?"

"Thanks! It's not really any different, I guess... well, not yet anyway," she said, winking.

"Oh yeah? That's disappointing, for you, I mean. Any big party plans for the weekend?" Rob said, hastily changing the tone of the conversation. Evey had walked up closer to him, and put her hand on his arm and was gently stroking it.

"Actually, we do, yeah, me and Anne are having a party on Friday night. You should totally come! We'd love to have you there!"

It was Monday, so that gave him 4 days to come up with a good plan for him and the twins -- Rob just assumed that Anne would feel the same about him as Evey obviously did, at least, judging by how she was acting around him at the moment.

"But... maybe you want to come and have a small party with me tomorrow night, too? Anne and Amy are going to be gone, and I don't want to be alone so soon after my birthday..." Evey said, with a sweet voice, batting her eyelashes at him.

Rob couldn't believe his ears -- it seemed like he wouldn't have to plan very much after all, here she was, asking him to do exactly what he had been trying to think of a way of asking all afternoon. How could he say no?

"Yeah, alright. I guess I could keep you company, watch a movie or something," he said, as casually as he could manage.

"Alright! It's a date, then," she said, with a wink, and turned around to leave.

Rob watched her walk out the door, 5'2", her cute ass in her tight jeans and hips swaying, her shoulder-length brown hair bobbing a bit with her steps. Man, oh man, Rob thought to himself. I really have all the luck!

----------

On Tuesday, Rob walked across the driveway to the building across from the one where he lived, smiling to himself. He'd decided to bring a few movies with him, so that Evey could choose what she wanted to see most.

He opened the door, and turned to the right, heading up the stairs. Evey's room was at the end of the hall, on the left. He knocked on the door, and replied with his name when he heard Evey call out, "who is it?"

She opened the door for him, and let him in. He looked around the room -- it was quite nice, if a little messy.

"I'm so sorry for all the mess! I just haven't gotten around to folding my laundry, and I guess it just ended up on the floor. I'm so embarrassed!"

"Don't worry about it, really," Rob said. When she'd mentioned laundry, he noticed what she'd meant. Among the books and notebooks on the floor were scattered pieces of clothes -- tops, some wrinkled blouses, two pairs of jeans, and bras and panties. Pink, light blue, polka-dotted, heart-printed, brightly colored circles -- almost every pattern and color he saw was both cute and sexy.

"So... you said you'd bring some movies so we could choose?" Evey asked, snapping Rob's attention back to her. She was wearing a pair of faded, dark jeans -- the faded patches across her upper legs and pockets -- a blue spaghetti-strap tank top, and her bra-straps were showing. White with small green, yellow, pink and blue polka dots. 

"Yeah, I brought these four," Rob said, smiling. "Hopefully there's one you want to see."

Evey picked out Cruel Intentions, a movie Rob had seen a few times already but liked enough to watch again. Evey motioned Rob to the bed.

"I don't have any chairs or a sofa or anything, but we can sit on the bed and I can move the screen a bit so we can see better."

"Alright, cool."

Evey put the DVD in the player, and sat down on the bed beside Rob.

"Thanks for being here," she said, kissing him lightly on the cheek.

----------

Rob had seen the movie before, so he decided to focus on Evey's reactions instead. He was glad he did, she was really into the movie.

When Sarah Michelle Gellar's character was writhing over Ryan Phillippe's character on the sofa, Rob could hear a slight moan from Evey. He decided to go with it.

"Mmm that's pretty sexy, isn't it, Evey?"

"Mmm, yeah... it's, like, wrong because they're family -- but they're only step-siblings..."

"Yeah, that's true... but what about you and Anne?" Rob asked, pausing slightly before going ahead with the question he hoped would get Evey to open up.

"What? Us? What ever do you mean, Rob?" she asked, giving him a wink, letting him know he had her attention and could carry on with the question.

"I mean, have you two, ever, you know... done anything like that?"

"You're going to have to be clearer than that, Rob? What do you mean? Like, me cuddling with my own sister? Sure... more, even..."

Rob decided to take a chance and ask her bluntly what he had on his mind -- if it backfired, well, that's life. Can't get anywhere if you don't take risks, he thought.

"I mean, have you and your sister ever gotten sexual with each other?"

"Yes. Keep asking," Evey said, with another wink.

"Have you touched each other?"

"Yes."

"Where, how?"

"Mmm... you know Rob, go ahead and say it..."

"Have you... gotten to third base with Anne, Evey?"

"Mhmm. You mean have I ever sucked on her tits?"

"Yeah..." Rob was definitely turned on by Evey talking dirtier -- it wasn't something he'd expected, but he wasn't complaining.

"Mhmm. You mean have I licked her clit, and made her cum?"

"Yeah..."

"Mhmm, Rob... oh yeah. She tastes so good... and we were talking about you yesterday when we were doing it..."

Rob knew he'd hit the jackpot -- the twins were talking about him when they were having sex. Maybe, after their party on Friday...

"Come on, Rob -- kiss me... I want you first, before Anne can have you..."

Rob leaned toward her, and kissed her on the lips, softly at first. She pulled him closer, and kissed him harder, her tongue prying open his lips and massaging his tongue.

Evey leaned back, until she was lying on her back on the bed, the movie forgotten.

Rob looked down at her, her cute face, brown eyes and lips smiling at him. He put his hands under the edges of his t-shirt, and lifted it over his head.

Evey pulled him down to her, kissing him hard again. She pushed him away again, and sat up, putting her hands under her tank top. She lifted it over her head, exposing her bra -- the green, yellow, pink and blue polka dots on white. She brought his hands to her sides and kissed him again.

"Mmm... take off my bra, Rob..."

Rob undid the clasp at the back, removed her bra, and leaned back a bit to take her in -- her B-cup tits were perfect: small but firm, her nipples biggish and puffy. Rob leaned forward again, to suck on her nipples.

"Mmmmmm, Rob..."

Rob trailed kisses from her nipples up her neck, to her mouth and kissed her deep, before making his way down her neck, breasts, chest and stomach -- kissing all the way. He reached for the button and zipper of her jeans, but he found her hands already there, undoing them. He helped her slide her pants down her legs, her matching white with polka dotted boy-shorts showing a small wet patch.

Rob kissed Evey's pussy through the fabric, making her moan lightly. He moved his fingers across the front, across her pussy lips, up and down, Evey moaning again.

"Mmmmmm, Rob, let me see you... let me suck you..."

Rob got up from the bed, and helped Evey take off his pants, then he was standing in only his boxers.

"Rob... I... are you...?" Evey stammered

"You mean, am I big?"

"Yeah..." Evey said, staring intently at the front of Rob's boxers, where a bulge was starting to form.

"Are you nervous, Evey? Don't worry, I'll be gentle -- only as far as you can handle."

Somewhat reassured, Evey slid Rob's boxers down his legs, and he kicked them aside.

Evey looked up at Rob, a nervous smile on her face. "It's bigger than I thought..."

Rob smiled reassuringly down at her. "It's okay, Evey. As far as you can handle."

Evey licked the tip of Rob's cock, and held it in her hands. She ran her tongue down his shaft, and up again. She put the head in her mouth and ran circles around it with her tongue.

"I want to take it all, Rob... I want it all down my throat..."

Rob slowly moved his cock deeper into her mouth, as far as he could get before her throat resisted. He held it there, letting her get used to the size of it. He pushed a little further, and Evey gagged.

Rob pulled his dick out of her mouth, stopping to tap it on her tongue a few times.

"Mmm," Evey said hoarsely. "I want it all the way Rob, all the way."

Rob helped her up and helped her lay down on the bed. He turned her onto her back, and brought her closer to him, so her head was hanging over the edge of the mattress. He put his cock at her mouth, and slid in slowly, inch by inch. He was halfway in when Evey gagged again. She put her hands on his ass, squeezing, to let him know she wanted him to keep going.

Rob put his hand on her throat, rubbing it so it would relax, and slid in further. Finally, he was all the way in. It was an amazing feeling, to be so deep down her throat.

Rob pinched Evey's nipples, rolling them between his fingers, and he could hear her moan -- her throat still tight around his cock. He slid his right hand down her chest and stomach to her undies, and slid his hand under them, his palm resting on her patch of hair, his fingers searching for her clit.

Every moaned harder, and Rob rubbed her clit, faster and faster -- he could feel her getting wetter with the tips of his fingers.

She squirmed as her rubbed her clit harder, and he thrust his cock as deep as he could down her throat. Evey moaned and gagged, and Rob kept rubbing her clit.

Rob pulled out of Evey's throat, his cock wet with saliva, his fingers wet with Evey's cum. Evey sat up, and turned around to face Rob.

"Oh... god... that was amazing... Mmmmmm..."

"Mmm, I'll say. Look at my fingers, they're dripping," Rob said, and he licked some of Evey's cum from his fingers.

"Mmm... I want you to fuck me, Rob. Fuck me hard!"

Rob got onto the bed next to Evey, and turned her onto her left side. Evey slid down her boy-shorts, reached behind her and guided Rob's cock to her pussy. Rob spread her pussy lips with the fingers of his right hand, and thrust into her.

"Oooohhhhh! Rob, yeah! Deep, oh, I want it deep!"

Rob rubbed her clit as he fucked her deep, lying on his side and taking her from behind. He thrust faster and faster, his fingers rubbing her faster and faster -- getting her wetter and wetter.

"Oooohhhhh......! Mmmmmm... Oh yeah, Rob!"

Rob slid out of her pussy, she was so wet.

"Rob, mmmmmm... let me ride you, Rob..."

Rob rolled onto his back, and helped Evey turn around to face him. She started rocking back and forth, moving faster and faster, and bobbing up and down on his cock.

"Oh, mmm... Evey, I'm going to cum!"

"Cum on my tits, Rob, mmmmmm..." Evey rolled off Rob, and laid next to him on the bed.

"Mmm, yeah, alright, baby..." Rob straddled her waist, and came on her tits. Rob collapsed on top of Evey, exhausted.

"Mmm, Rob... Are you coming to the party on Friday, still? I know a present you can give me and Anne..."

"Oh, I'll be there. Mmm..." Rob kissed her on the lips, softly.