 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: I originally wrote this story back in about 1995 or so, by hand in a spiral-bound notebook. I have no idea what happened to the original incarnation but this version is as close as I can recall it, hopefully with some improvements.



It was Linda's dad who suggested that I move in with her. I'd made a joke about it since she was divorced and living with her daughter in the house she'd grown up in and I was in the market for a new living arrangement since my roommate had gotten engaged over Christmas. I was just kidding about moving in with Linda and Ashley but her dad, who'd been back living with them since the divorce, wanted to retire to their other home in the Poconos full time. Rather than suggesting that I just take his room, since he still intended to visit his daughter and granddaughter fairly frequently, he floated the idea of doing a build-out in the basement. He figured that it wouldn't hurt the property value to have half of the basement finished.

Our friend Jim was a contractor and I'd worked with him summers when I'd been in college, so he came over and we talked things through with Linda and her dad. I even ended up putting in a little of my own sweat equity, working with Jim on the weekends and whenever else I could. By the time my "apartment" was finished, I was very pleased with the result and so were Linda and her dad. I had a separate entrance, but could still access the rest of the house, and was separated from the laundry area not only with a wall, but with a door, as well. We'd kept the basement bathroom accessible to both myself and upstairs, which was fine with me, and I could use the upstairs bathroom, too, if I wanted.

Once I'd moved in, I had my bed, a dresser and a closet, a couch and an entertainment center with my TV, stereo, game system, etc. I also had a desk where my laptop typically sat when I wasn't using it, a coffee table in front of the couch and a mini-fridge that mostly held beer and other drinks so I wouldn't have to run upstairs whenever I was thirsty. There was even enough room for my weight bench and free weights. Otherwise, I had access to the upstairs kitchen to eat and the living and family rooms if I wanted to hang out. In addition to an almost embarrassingly low rent, Linda's dad had also asked that I help her out with any maintenance or repairs that either he or her ex typically would have been responsible for. I was more than fine with that since they would be paying for the repairs or maintenance and I'd just be providing the labor.

It didn't take long to settle into a routine and adjust to the new commute. I'd typically have dinner with Linda and Ashley, cooking it myself as often as not, and would hang out with them on some evenings if I didn't have other plans or a desire to be alone. I wasn't seeing anyone at the time, so I wasn't going out on dates, but I did sometimes go out and hang out with my buddies. Overall things were going smoothly and people got adjusted pretty quickly to the two of us "living together." It also didn't take very long to discover an extra benefit of living under Linda's roof.

One Saturday night when Ashley was spending the weekend with Linda's ex, Linda decided she wanted to have a party. We had a lot of mutual friends, so I didn't have too many additional people to add to the guest list. I did notice, however, how many of the guests were her girlfriends. I didn't know the relationship status, or lack thereof, of many of them but still thought the odds of hooking up could end up being in my favor. I figured if I found somebody who was interested, things could go one of two ways: either the convenience of me living downstairs would be too much to resist or they'd feel awkward about hooking up in Linda's house. I was hoping for the former.

I ended up giving a few tours of my new pad during the course of the night, but none of them ended up being private tours; it was usually a few people of both genders each time. I detected varying degrees of interest and intrigue from a few of Linda's girlfriends but it was Tara who I ended up getting the strongest vibe from. This both pleased and surprised me because I'd had a major crush on Tara back when we were in high school, but she very obviously hadn't felt the same at that time. I wasn't sure what had changed her tune, but I had no intention of questioning it. I wasn't assuming right away that we'd be spending the night together but was considering the potential of that outcome if I played things right. She still had the curves that she'd had in high school, maybe even more so, but it had been her dark brown eyes that had entranced me back then and they hadn't changed, either.

It wasn't all that late into the night when she tracked me down and surprised me once again.

"Would you mind walking me out to my car?" she asked.

"You're leaving?" I asked, unable to hide my surprise and barely hiding my disappointment.

"Yeah," she replied almost apologetically, "I have to be somewhere early tomorrow."

"Bummer," I said, "It sucks being mature and responsible sometimes, doesn't it?"

"No doubt," she replied, "So?"

"Of course," I said, "Do you have a jacket?"

"No, I'm good," she replied, "Shall we?"

I walked her out the front door and down the street to her car where we paused after she'd unlocked it. I figured "what the hell" and leaned in for a kiss, which she was quite receptive to and we were quickly making out, our arms around each other. I didn't drop my hands down to her ass, but I suspected she could probably still feel the bulge in my jeans against her stomach.

"It's chilly out here," she said after pulling her mouth from mine, "Why don't we get in the car for a minute?"

I went around to the passenger side and climbed in while she started the car and turned on the heater. We started making out again and, since we couldn't really wrap our arms around each other sitting in separate bucket seats, I brought one of my hands up to her tit and caressed it. I could feel her hard nipple and was considering slipping my hand up under her sweater when her hand dropped to my lap and started to massage my cock. It was already rock hard so it wasn't long before she was working my jeans open and fishing it out. She started to pump it while we continued to make out and I would have been more than content with a hand release, assuming that there would be more to come when she had the time.

"I assume you won't mind if I suck your cock," she said when she pulled her mouth from mine.

"Not at all," I replied, "but I hope you'll let me return the favor."

"I'd like that," she said, "but I'm afraid it can't be tonight. In fact, this is about all I can do tonight."

I got the hint along with some food for thought given that she wanted to blow me despite apparently being OTR. That was a pretty major statement from somebody who I'd never even had the opportunity to kiss back in high school. I lifted my ass and slid my jeans and underwear down as she lowered her head into my lap and, as she held the base of my cock, she wrapped her lips around it and slid them down. I moaned as her hot, wet mouth engulfed my tool and started to slide up and down while she pumped the base. I reclined my seat and there was enough light that I could watch her lips sliding up and down my cock. I didn't know what time she needed to be home, but I wasn't expecting to delay her much longer because I could feel my orgasm immediately building as a result of her cocksucking.

As I ran my fingers through her dark brown hair, I was murmuring encouragements about how awesome she was doing. It probably was good that we weren't having sex because she had me so aroused simply because it was her that my orgasm continued to build very rapidly. The level of pleasure I was feeling was incredible and I didn't want it to end, but all too soon my cock started to swell even more. She never faltered and continued to inhale my tool even as I reached the point of no return and started to spew into her mouth. She swallowed my load and continued to nurse my cock until I was completely spent.

"That was fucking incredible," I told her as she raised her head and smiled at me.

"Well I'm definitely going to take you up on your offer to return the favor as soon as I can," she replied and I was glad because, in the privacy of my room, I intended to get her completely naked and savor finally getting to experience her body.

She started helping me to get my underwear and pants back up, which I took as a hint that she needed to get going. As I got everything back in place, she was popping a piece of gum into her mouth before pulling her seatbelt on. I leaned over and kissed her before slipping out of the car and watching as she drove off. I stood there for a moment, thinking about what had just happened, then headed back to the party. It was amazing how much more relaxed and laid-back I was now that I'd blown a load and arranged for a future encounter with Tara. That isn't to say that I wasn't interested in blowing another load that night or seeing some nudity besides my own, so I was back on the prowl but I was just a lot more at ease than I might have been otherwise.

I was still detecting varying levels of interest, so I figured I'd see who either stuck around the longest or invited herself for a private tour of my room. As the party wound down later that night, it ended up being Linda's friend Cathe who was still around helping me clean up once Linda had gone and passed out in her bedroom. It occurred to me that I didn't recall Cathe coming down with me to check out my living quarters during any of the tours and wondered if that was intentional. We got the dishwasher loaded up, the flat surfaces wiped down and, after taking out the trash, I took a quick look around outside to make sure there wasn't anything out of place.

"Linda should be okay," Cathe reported as she joined me in the kitchen where I was washing my hands, "I left some water and a couple of Tylenol beside her bed."

"Nice," I replied, "and I take it you are planning to stay?"

"Actually, I was hoping to get a look at your new accommodations," she replied, "Might there be room for two?"

"Why don't we go and see?" I suggested. I was perfectly content to have Cathe spend the night. She was probably as tall as me with copper-colored hair and a really nice set of tits that I wouldn't mind getting my hands on. We headed downstairs and, once inside my little apartment, I locked the door behind us, not that I expected any interruptions. While she was looking around, I parked on the couch, anticipating that she'd be joining me there. I thought it might be a little presumptuous to just jump in bed right away. She came and sat beside me once she'd taken a good look around and I'd taken a good look at her ass clad in tight, faded jeans.

"I like it," she said, "You have your privacy while not necessarily being completely alone if you don't want to be."

"Privacy can definitely be a good thing," I said as I moved toward her. Our lips came together and soon parted to admit each other's tongues. As we made out, my hand moved up from her waist to cup and caress her tit. I could feel her hard nipple pressing out and was about to move my hand down to start pulling up her shirt when she moved up onto my lap and straddled me. As she subtly humped the bulge in my jeans, I started pulling her shirt from her jeans as she raised her arms for me. Her nipples were obviously pressing out against her bra as it was revealed so my hands went right to them once I'd cast her shirt aside. She moaned softly as I caressed her hard nipples before reaching around behind her to unfasten her bra. My gaze was fixed on her tits as her bra slid down and they were fully revealed. They were true beauties, sitting up firmly on her chest despite their above-average size and topped with hard nipples surrounded by puckered areolas. I dropped her bra and my hands went right back to them, caressing the soft, smooth flesh and her hard nipples.

She continued to moan softly and hump against my cock even as I lowered my head and started to lick and suck her hard nipples, though her moans did get slightly louder. I was a little dismayed when she started moving backwards, taking her tits away from me, but when she knelt on the floor in front of me, I knew this was a promising sign. She immediately started to unfasten my jeans and I raised my ass up off the couch so that she could slide them down along with my underwear. My cock sprung right out but she didn't acknowledge it until she'd removed my jeans and underwear as well as my socks and shoes. Finally, she took it in her hand and pumped it before wrapping her lips around it and sliding them down. I moaned and ran my fingers through her hair as her mouth moved up and down my tool and she pumped the base.

While savoring the feel of her hot mouth, I was definitely thinking that, if I hadn't moved in with Linda, I certainly wouldn't have been blessed with two blowjobs in one night. I wasn't expecting to blow my load in Cathe's mouth, though, because I was still intending to fuck her and I still wanted to see her completely naked. After sucking me off for a bit, she moved up slightly so that her tits were on either side of my cock, so I reached down to squeeze them together around it. She moved up and down with my cock in her cleavage and I moaned some more at the highly pleasurable feel of it. She was smiling at me as I fucked her tits but I don't think it was the most comfortable position for her because she didn't keep it up for very long. Again, I was dismayed when she moved her tits away but it didn't last long when she stood and started to unfasten her jeans.

My cock stood upright and, if it could have gotten any harder, it would have as she opened her jeans and pushed them down, her tits swaying enticingly. After kicking her jeans away, she slowly slid her panties down to reveal her dark bush. Again her tits swayed as she leaned forward to push her panties down but, as soon as she'd stepped out of them, she was straddling me again. I guided my cock to her approaching pussy and was amazed by how hot and wet she was. I slid easily into her and she immediately started to ride my cock, holding onto the couch behind me and putting her tits right in my face. I caressed the soft, smooth flesh as I licked and sucked her hard nipples before running my hands around to squeeze her ass as it bounced up and down.

She started out riding me pretty slowly, but I was surprised (again!) by how quickly she started riding me harder. As hot and wet as her pussy was, it shouldn't have surprised me that she was incredibly fired up and anxious to take the edge off. I was perfectly okay with it and, since I had already blown a load not that much earlier, my staying power was a bit better despite how incredible her pussy felt as it slid up and down my tool. Her tits were bouncing like crazy, making it difficult to continue licking and sucking her nipples, so I leaned back and watched them bounce while still caressing her ass and pushing up into her each time she slammed herself down on my lap. When I could drag my gaze away from her tits, I noted that Cathe's eyes were closed and she had a rapturous look on her face. I didn't think I could take full credit for putting it there, since she'd clearly gotten herself pretty worked up or had just gone too long between orgasms, but I was pleased that she was apparently well on her way to cumming since it would definitely bode well for a return visit.

When she slammed herself down and stayed there, I felt her entire body trembling as a long, intense orgasm coursed through her. Sliding my hands up to her waist, I could feel that her skin was covered in goosebumps and I knew it wasn't because she was chilly because her skin felt quite warm. I just waited as she'd recovered so we could figure out what was going to happen next, which also didn't hurt my staying power, having a short break. I hadn't seen Cathe's ass since she'd stripped down although my hands had been all over it, so I knew what I wanted to do once she was ready. She finally opened her eyes again and smiled down at me before leaning down to kiss me. I went back to caressing her ass as we made out and she started to subtly hump my cock again.

"What do you want to do now?" she asked, breathlessly, pulling her mouth from mine.

"Doggie-style," I replied.

"Okay," she said with a smile and started to climb off of me. As she got on all-fours beside me, I removed my shirt as I repositioned myself to kneel behind her. With her ass up in the air and her face on the sofa cushion, I ran my hands over her cheeks while admiring her sweet ass. I was tempted to lower my head and lick her pussy since I hadn't done that yet, but my cock wanted to be buried back in there immediately and I figured we had plenty of time ahead of us for me to lick her pussy. I knelt behind her and guided my cock back into her hot, slippery pussy then took her by the hips and started to slowly fuck her. We both moaned as my cock slid in and out of her and I felt my orgasm beginning to build again. Once I got a rhythm going, I brought my hands down to caress her ass before recalling that her tits, though out of sight, were still within reach as well. I leaned forward enough to cup her swinging tits, feeling her hard nipples against my palms.

As I caressed her luscious tits and felt my orgasm continuing to build, I decided that there was something else I wanted to do before I blew my load. I relished the feel of her hot pussy on my cock and her tits in my hands as I continued to fuck her but, before I got too close to cumming, I ended up pulling out of her and having her turn over. With her lying on her back on the couch, I straddled her ribs and lay my cock between her tits. She squeezed them together and I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her soft, smooth cleavage. The feeling was absolutely incredible even compared to her incredibly hot and slippery pussy so my orgasm was continuing to build with high levels of pleasure. Cathe's attention was on the head of my cock as it repeatedly peeked out of her cleavage while my focus was on her succulent tits.

As if the feeling of her tits wrapped around my cock wasn't arousing enough, it didn't escaped me that she was completely naked and I'd never seen her naked before, so that pushed my arousal even higher as I recalled her standing before me and stripping. When she started to stick her tongue out each time my cockhead pushed toward her face, I decided that I'd finish in her mouth when I reached that point, which I didn't expect to be much longer. My cock was swelling in anticipation of blowing my load and the level of pleasure I was feeling was unprecedented. Before it was too late, I slipped my cock from between her tits and moved up over her face as she released them and reached for my tool. She pumped the base and caressed my balls as her hot mouth engulfed my shaft. I moaned as I fucked her mouth and felt even more intense pleasure.

I kind of expected that, as soon as I moved my cock from her cleavage to her mouth, that I'd immediately blow a load. I managed to enjoy a few minutes of her oral skills before I reached the point of no return. I moaned as I released my load into her mouth and she hungrily swallowed it down while continuing to suck my cock. It occurred to me as she was nursing the last of my load from my softening cock that I'd cum in two different mouths within a few hours of each other. I didn't expect this to be the precedent for living in Linda's basement, but it was certainly a promising start.
