 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.  Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Boarding with Linda Ch 01, which is the prequel to this story.



It was only a few days after that Saturday night party when I got a call from Tara seeking to confirm whether my offer to "return the favor" was still valid. I assured her that it was and asked when she wanted to come by. Since we were both free, she figured there was no time like the present. I was already down in my apartment so I just told her to come to my private entrance. I had about half an hour to prepare, but there wasn't really much I needed to do. Since we were both on the same page, I had no concerns about taking her straight to bed to go down on her, but I planned to get her completely naked first.

I'd left the door unlocked for her so, when she walked in, I got up and took her in my arms, immediately kissing her passionately. She was very responsive and I assumed that would translate into a juicy pussy to devour. I led her toward my bed then started raising her blouse up over her head. Her tits looked incredible in a very sexy bra, which I wondered whether she'd put on for my benefit. I caressed her tits, feeling her hard nipples pressing out, before dropping to my knees to take her pants down. The sexy panties she was wearing matched the bra and, once I'd helped her step out of her pants, I sat back on my heels to admire her. She smiled down at me and I started to get up again, first kissing her hips and her abdomen while reaching around to squeeze her ass. I moved further up, kissing up to her bra then moving beyond it to kiss along her collarbone and up along her neck to her ear. I lightly licked her ear as I reached back to unfasten her bra, then backed up as I started sliding it off her shoulders.

I stared at her succulent tits for a moment, taking in her large, pink areolas and her hard nipples, then reached out to caress them. She sighed and closed her eyes as I ran my hands over the soft, smooth skin and brushed my palms over her nipples. When I lowered my head and started to lick and suck her nipples, she moaned softly and ran her fingers through my hair. My hands dropped from her tits to her curvy waist and down to her hips where I felt the waistband of her panties. I dropped to my knees again while squeezing her ass then started to work her panties down once my face was directly in front of her pussy. Her trim, dark brown bush was slowly revealed and I smiled, knowing that I'd finally have an opportunity to bury my face in it. My attention remained on it as I helped her step out of her panties, then I gazed up at her with a big smile on my face.

"You always did appreciate my figure even when I didn't," she said wistfully, smiling down at me.

"I hope you appreciate it now because I am about to demonstrate to you just how much I do," I replied.

I had her lie in the middle of my bed with her legs spread while I lay on my stomach between her legs. With her pussy directly in front of my face, I admired her trim, dark brown bush again before running my tongue up her slit, tasting the pungent juices she was secreting. She moaned as I licked her pussy, drawing my attention up along the landscape of her body. Her eyes were closed but her mouth was open to let her moans escape and her hands were on her tits, caressing them and gently pulling on her hard nipples. When I slipped a finger into her surprisingly snug but incredibly slippery pussy and started to lick and suck her clit, her moans became quite a bit louder and she dropped her hands from her tits down to my head. She was starting to move her hips toward my face while holding my head in place but she didn't have to be concerned that I might go away because there was no place I'd rather be.

I loved eating pussy and eating Tara's was a dream come true, so I was fully intending to remain with my face between her thighs until my tongue gave out on me. She was very quickly building up to an orgasm based on the way her pussy was feeling around my finger and the noises she was making. It didn't surprise me when she started to tense up just a short time after I first went down on her. I just kept working her clit and fingering her increasingly wet and engorged pussy as she experienced increasing levels of pleasure. When she finally let out a cry, the tension immediately left her body as she started to shake. I continued eating her as she came and it seemed like she'd barely finished cumming when she was building right back up to another orgasm. I didn't know if it was me or her or a combination but back-to-back orgasms were definitely a good thing. I figured as it was that I'd have to screw up pretty badly for her not to want to come back but satisfying her certainly didn't hurt the cause.

She did start to tense up pretty soon after she'd cum and I just kept at what I was doing, feeling her snug pussy getting more engorged and more slippery the longer I ate her. Again, the tension left her as her body started to shake when she came for a second time in just a few minutes. I continued licking and sucking her clit and fingering her pussy while she rode out another long, intense orgasm, stopping once she'd gone still. I'd planned to eat her until my tongue was exhausted, but I was afraid at this rate that she might go out of her mind, so I raised my head and slipped my fingers from her pussy into my mouth. I got up on my knees between her spread legs and looked over her curvy body as she recovered, her chest heaving. She opened her eyes and caught me looking, a smile taking over her face.

"Why are you still dressed?" she asked breathlessly, so I stripped off my shirt and tossed it aside. Opening my jeans, I pushed them and my underwear down far enough to release my cock, which I pumped in my fist as she watched attentively. Rather than just laying over her and slipping my cock into her waiting pussy while still partially dressed, I flopped onto my back beside her and pushed my jeans and underwear the rest of the way down so I could kick them off. She rolled onto her side and reached for my tool, stroking it in her hand, then rolled over on top of me and guided it to her pussy. She straightened up and sat on my cock, engulfing it in her incredibly slippery but amazingly tight pussy. We both moaned as the full length of my cock slid into her and she paused momentarily to just sit on it.

As I waited for her to start riding me, I reached for her tits and began to fondle and caress them, which was something I'd dreamed of doing back in high school. While my hands were focused on her tits, I was still admiring the rest of her body along with them. I'd long ago given up hope of ever seeing her naked so, to get the opportunity now, I was certainly savoring it. As she started to move slowly up and down, I was also savoring the feel of her snug, slippery pussy. I wasn't sure if she'd be as prone to orgasm quickly with my cock as she had with my tongue so I just let her take control and planned to enjoy the ride. She gradually picked up her pace and I ended up dropping my hands from her tits down to her curvy waist so that I could watch her tits bounce. Naturally my hands ultimately moved around to her ass, which I squeezed and caressed as it moved up and down.

As she rode me harder and faster, still sitting straight upright, her moaning was getting louder and her pussy was feeling hotter and more slippery. I was feeling pretty confident by this point that she was actually prone to cumming pretty quickly and easily, which was a bit of a relief because I didn't want to leave her high and dry our first time together after wishing for an opportunity for so long. When she suddenly went from riding me hard and fast to sitting still on my throbbing tool as her entire body shook, I knew she cumming once again and just waited her out.

"I can't believe you've got me cumming so much," she practically panted once another long, intense orgasm had coursed through her.

"This isn't typical for you?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "but I could get used to it. It's your turn now, though, so how would you like it?"

"Can I take you from behind?" I asked.

"Absolutely," she replied, "Anything."

She climbed off of me and remained on her knees beside me as I got up and moved to kneel behind her. I ran my hands over her round ass before sliding my cock back into her and taking her by the hips. Her pussy felt so incredible that I was glad she'd cum several times already because I knew I wouldn't be good for much longer. I slid my hands up from her waist to cup her swinging tits, gently caressing her hard nipples as I fucked her. As I hefted those beauties in my hands, I decided that I would fuck her from behind until I was pretty close to cumming, but I wasn't going to finish things up in this position. As my orgasm continued to build, I ended up straightening up and taking her by the hips again. I watched her ass jiggle each time my hips tapped against it as I savored to feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her hot, snug pussy.

The only thing that could get me to quit fucking her when I was so close to cumming was the promise of something equally hot and pleasurable. I slipped out of her pussy and asked her to turn over, then moved up to straddle her and lay my cock between her tits. I hadn't actually had that many opportunities to titfuck girls I'd been with previously, in part because I hadn't been with many that were busty enough. Having the opportunity to fuck both Tara's and Cathe's tits was not something I was going to pass up. I kind of hoped that being with a couple of Linda's friends with big tits would help take my mind off of Linda's big tits. Linda was more petite than both Cathe and Tara, but her tits were at least as big as both of theirs. Having her tits around me on a regular basis, I naturally wondered about them but didn't really see an opportunity to get a look at them or get my hands on them without screwing up a situation that was working so well for both of us. I hadn't thought about Linda while with Cathe and wasn't as I fucked Tara's tits, but I kind of hoped that their tits would also serve to distract me from Linda's.

I held Tara's tits together around my cock as I slid it between them and moaned as I felt the soft, smooth flesh along my shaft. My thumbs brushed over her hard nipples and I was still admiring those beauties as she watched my cock sliding between them. I'd started slowly, appreciating the pleasure I was feeling but, as my orgasm continued to build, I gradually increased my pace and my orgasm built more quickly. My cock swelled even more as I was on the verge of cumming until I finally started to spew onto her chest. She watched wide-eyed as rope after rope of cum shot from my cock and landed in front of her. Once I was completely spent, I released her tits and moved to lie beside her as she cleaned up my cum by scooping it up with and sucking it off of her fingers.

We lay there recovering and eventually chatting about how successful this encounter had been. Had it not been for my night with Cathe, I might have been thinking about trying to date Tara, but we both seemed to be in agreement that we could have some fun together occasionally in my apartment. She didn't spend the night since we both had to work in the morning but promised that she'd call me whenever she was horny and I was fine with that. I probably would have been perfectly okay with just seeing Tara and Cathe on occasion and knowing that I had a regular outlet for my sexual needs, but when you live with somebody who has a lot of girlfriends, there end up being a lot of other opportunities that come up.

A good example would be Linda's good friend, Shelly, who would stop by to see Linda fairly often and was beyond ever needing to knock on the door. In fact, if the front door was locked, she'd use her key to the house and just come in anyway to see if Linda was home, just in case she was tied up with Ashley. Prior to my moving in, I assumed that if no one was home when she let herself in, she'd just lock up and take off, maybe leaving a note to let Linda know that she'd stopped by. The first time she stopped by when Linda wasn't home after I'd moved in, I happened to be downstairs with the door between my space and the rest of the basement open as I worked out. When Shelly didn't find anyone upstairs, she opened the door to the basement and called down to see if I was there, then proceeded down the stairs when I confirmed that I was.

I had my head at the end of the weight bench and was curling a barbell over my head as I lay on my back when she walked in. I glanced over quickly before continuing my set and noted that she was wearing a snug black skirt that ended above her knees and a blouse that was somewhere between blue and purple. I assumed she'd just come from work since she was dressed like that. She gave me a minute to finish my set and we started chatting once I'd set the barbell down, but I remained on my back as she walked around me. Shelly and I had fooled around once or twice going back to high school and we flirted plenty even though it typically didn't amount to any more than that. Whether because of that history or because we were alone in the house, she didn't seem put off or surprised by what I did next.

"Come here," I said at one point when she was standing pretty close to my head, "Come a little closer."

When I could reach, I grasped the hem of her skirt and pulled it out and up so that I could see her black panties.

"Oh, you want a closer look?" she asked then came close enough to straddle my head. I pushed the hem of her skirt up and she took it and held it near her waist as I caressed the front of her panties. I pulled them aside to expose her blonde bush and, rubbing her pussy, found her to be wet already.

"Bring it down a little," I requested and her pussy was quickly close enough that I could lick it. She moaned as I lapped at the juices she was producing then reached out to caress the bulge that had appeared in my athletic shorts. As I continued to hold her panties aside with one hand, I slipped a finger from my free hand up into her hot, wet pussy and focused my licking on her clit, causing her to moan even louder. She was rocking her hips as I ate her pussy but only sort of half-heartedly rubbing my cock. I was okay with that since I wanted to get her off first and see what she'd do to get me off. When Cathe and Tara had been in my apartment, both had been aware of what was going to be happening which had put them into a state of arousal already. With Shelly just showing up and it being spontaneous, I was wondering if it might take a little more time to build her up.

I had no problem with eating her pussy for as long as it took to get her to the verge, but it didn't actually end up taking that long, after all. She was getting a little louder and a lot wetter the longer I ate her while I just enjoyed the taste and feel of her pussy. I couldn't really detect if she was tensing up as she got closer to cumming, so when she let out a cry and started to tremble, it came as a bit of a surprise to me. It didn't throw me off, though, so I continued eating her as she was cumming and only stopped when she actually moved off of my head. With her skirt still up at her waist and still trying to catch her breath, she slipped her panties down and stepped out of them. My cock grew harder as I admired her ass and got a good look at her blonde bush and she quickly had my shorts down enough for it to spring out.

She straddled me on the weight bench but was facing away so that she could grip the barbell I'd been bench pressing earlier for support. She guided my cock to her pussy as I ran my hands over bare ass and watched between her thighs as she lowered herself onto it. We both moaned this time as I was fully engulfed in her hot pussy. I continued to caress and squeeze her bare ass as she started riding up and down on my tool. She moved slowly at first but was taking my full length over and over, which felt absolutely amazing and allowed me to appreciate how awesome her hot, wet pussy felt. When she started moving faster, my hands moved up to her waist and, each time she came down, I pushed up into her while pulling down on her hips. When I realized that she still had both hands on the barbell, I slipped one of mine around to lightly caress her clit as she rode me, which caused her to moan even louder.

I could feel her already hot, slippery pussy becoming even hotter and wetter the longer she rode me so I knew that she was on her way to what I hoped would be a long, intense orgasm. I knew that the better she felt while riding me, the more likely she'd be back to ride me again, whether it was due to my sexual prowess or not. Despite having fooled around a few times, I had not only never fucked Shelly before, I had also never eaten her pussy or gotten a good look at her blonde bush. As I recalled, most of our fooling around was drunken fumbling in the dark, so it was nice to experience her sober and in the light. I definitely was up for further experiences.

When she sat down on me hard and I felt her body twitching, I continued to caress her clit hoping that might draw out the pleasure even longer. Her orgasm did seem to go on, whether due to that or not, but I was pleased that she was apparently experiencing a great deal of pleasure. When she finally finished cumming, she just sat there for a minute catching her breath, so I removed my fingertips from her clit and went back to caressing her ass. Once she'd apparently recovered, she stood up, my cock slipping out of her but still standing upright, and moved off next to me. She knelt beside the weight bench after I got a nice look at her blonde bush and took my cock in her fist, pumping it briefly before wrapping her lips around it.

I moaned as she slid her mouth down my tool while pumping the base, demonstrating quickly that she was no slouch when it came to cocksucking. I just lay there enjoying the pleasurable feel of her mouth sliding up and down my tool and feeling an orgasm building up. I reached out and ran my fingers through her blonde hair then dropped my hand down to caress her tit through her blouse while realizing that I'd still want to get her naked sometime. The thought of undressing Shelly completely and continuing our festivities in the future aroused me even more and I could feel my cock swelling as I approached an orgasm. She seemed to be aware that I was getting close and picked up her pace, which I was definitely okay with because I was looking forward to blowing a load down her throat. I was also aware that, the more time that passed, the more likely Linda could walk in upstairs and, not seeing Shelly despite her car being outside, come downstairs to look for her.

When I exploded into Shelly's mouth, it was with more than one sense of relief. She swallowed my load, nursing every last drop from my cock, then let it fall from her mouth as it started to soften. She smiled at me with an almost amused look on her face.

"That was fun," she said, "and nicely spontaneous. We should do something like this again sometime."

I agreed with her and, as she grabbed her panties and stood up, I started to pull my shorts and underwear back up. I sat up and helped her as she slipped her panties back on and pulled her skirt back in place. We exchanged contact information so that, if she wanted to stop by, she could call me and if I wanted her to stop by, I could call her. I had a feeling that it wouldn't be long before one of us made that call.