 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Boarding with Linda Ch 01, Ch 02 & Ch 03, which are prequels to this story. 

*

I liked being in a position, since shortly after moving into Linda's basement, to simply make a phone call or two if I was feeling horny and have an equally horny woman show up soon after. I didn't get laid every night, but I probably could have. Given all of that, however, there were still times when a surprise encounter ended up being so incredibly hot, sometimes due to the spontaneity and sometimes just because it was with somebody unexpected, like that night on my weight bench with Shelly. There was another evening when one of Linda's friends stopped by to see her and she wasn't home at that moment which ended up being to my benefit. I had just started preparing dinner for Linda, Ashley and me, knowing that it would still be a while before they'd be home, when Kate stopped by.

Kate had short, dark hair, fair skin and a few freckles and, though I didn't know her extremely well, she didn't strike me as somebody prone to being sexually outgoing. She found me in the kitchen and surmised that Linda wasn't home but, when I told her that Linda would be home for dinner and that she was welcome to join us, she took a seat at the kitchen table while I continued my preparations. We chatted about the living situation and how things were going with that and all of the little nuances like me cooking dinner, that a lot of people didn't know about.

"I think it's pretty hot that you're cooking," she said, "When did you say you were expecting Linda?"

"Not for another half hour at least," I replied, not looking up until I heard her chair squeak as she left it.

She was wearing a gray skirt that ended just above her knees and a blouse that buttoned up the front so I'd assumed that she'd just come from work. She was walking directly toward me so I turned to face her to see what she was doing and, just as she about reached me, she dropped to her knees. Even with all of the action I'd been getting, there was no possible way not to be surprised by this move. I knew better than to question it, though, and watched as she opened my jeans and worked them and my underwear down far enough to expose my cock. As she took it in her hand, it continued to stiffen and, by the time she wrapped her lips around it, it was nearly rigid. I moaned as she slid her mouth down the length of my shaft and back up again. As she slowly sucked my cock, I considered how wet her pussy must be and that, if she was intent on swallowing my load, she could still do it after I fucked her.

"We've got time for a quick fuck, if you're interested," I managed to gasp out as I enjoyed the pleasure of having her sucking my cock.

"Right here in the kitchen?" she asked, extracting my cock from her mouth.

"Sure," I replied.

"That's hot, too," she said as she stood. I caressed her boobs as she quickly kissed me then I turned her around and had her rest her head on the kitchen table. I pushed her skirt up around her waist and ran my hands over her ass, clad in panties, before sliding them down. Squatting behind her as I helped her step out of them, I ran my tongue up her slit, which was peeking out between her thighs. I could taste that she was overflowing with nectar and knew it would feel awesome to slip into her, so I stood up. Taking my cock in my fist, I eased it into her hot, slippery pussy as she moaned. I grasped her hips and pulled until my own hips were pressed against her ass then started to slowly fuck her. Her pussy felt incredible, so wet and slippery, and I slipped my hands down to caress her ass cheeks once I had a nice rhythm going.

I noticed that Kate was resting her head on one of her arms, but the other arm was reaching down below her, I assumed to stroke her clit as I fucked her. I figured this was a good thing since we didn't have a great deal of time to indulge ourselves and I did still want her to cum. Even though I was appreciating the feel of her smooth ass cheeks as I admired her round ass, I suspected that I wasn't helping her along this way. Since she was stimulating her clit herself, I thought maybe some attention to her nipples would be more helpful in pushing her toward an orgasm along with my cock sliding in and out of her. I slid my hands from her ass to her tits, which were still encased in both her blouse and bra. Her nipples were easy to locate as they were hard and pressing outward, so I caressed them and gently tugged on them. This seemed to do the trick as she started moaning more and pushing back against me.

I could feel her pussy getting even hotter and more slippery and suspected that she was well on her way to an orgasm, so I ended up taking her by the waist again and pushing into her harder and deeper. I could feel my own orgasm continuing to build with her pussy feeling so incredible but was hoping that she would get there before I did. I wasn't disappointed, therefore, when she pushed back hard against me and I could feel her body twitching. I held my position as she came to see what she'd want to do next and, once she'd apparently finished cumming, she moved away from me so that my cock slipped out of her and straightened up. Before I had a chance to worry that I'd be left hanging, Kate dropped to her knees and wrapped her lips around my cock again.

With one hand on my ass and the other pumping the base of my cock, she began to bob her head up and down on my tool with the obvious intention of getting me off before Linda made it home. I had no issue with an enthusiastic blowjob and could immediately feel my orgasm continuing to build because it still felt incredibly pleasurable. The fact that I'd never before considered the possibility of having my cock in Kate's mouth heightened the pleasure especially as I looked down to witness it happening. She certainly wasn't a bad cocksucker so it wasn't long before my cock was swelling even more and I was on the verge of cumming. I relished the pleasure of her hot mouth wrapped around my tool but I wasn't disappointed when I exploded into her mouth because it was better than being interrupted. She swallowed my load while continuing to suck me off, letting my cock fall from her mouth only once I was completely spent.

"Wow, that was great," she said enthusiastically as she sat back on her heels, "Next time Linda will be home late, you should definitely call me."

"We don't have to wait until then unless you only like it in the kitchen," I told her as I helped her to her feet, "You're welcome to visit me downstairs anytime."

"How does tonight sound?" she asked as she found her panties and I tucked myself back in my jeans.

"I think tonight would be awesome," I replied.

While she was in the bathroom pulling herself back together, I wrote down my contact information and a suggestion that she call or text when she was thinking about coming by so that I could make sure I was downstairs with the back door was unlocked. She was back at the kitchen table and I was cooking when Linda and Ashley arrived not much later. Kate stayed just long enough for dinner then headed home and, when I heard from her later, I made sure I was downstairs to meet her. She came in the door wearing a sundress with a cardigan over it, looking as cute as can be. I immediately noticed her hard nipples pressing out through the thin fabric of the sundress as she shed the cardigan and I wondered whether that was due to the temperature outside or her excitement. My hands went right to her tits to caress her hard nipples and I realized immediately that she was braless beneath her sundress.

We started to kiss and my hands slid down from her tits to her waist, then around to her ass, which was also sans undergarments. I slipped my hands up under her dress and onto her bare ass, pulling her against my cock, which was growing rapidly since discovering that she was naked under her sundress. I was curious, since I hadn't had the opportunity to get a good look at her pussy earlier in the kitchen, so I dropped to my knees and raised the hem of her sundress. Her dark brown bush was well groomed and I leaned in to kiss around it on her upper thighs, hips and lower abdomen. I knew I was going to eat it so I stood and raised her sundress up while she allowed me to remove it. I stared at her, still holding her sundress, admiring her freckled tits along with the rest of her naked body before taking her hand and leading her to my bed.

I had her sit on the end of the bed and set her dress beside her when I realized I was still holding it, then knelt before her as she spread her legs for me. I kissed my way along her smooth inner thighs from her knees toward her pussy as she ran her fingers through my hair. She leaned back and I gazed up along her body, my cock still throbbing, before running my tongue up her slit and finding it abundantly juicy as it had been earlier. She moaned as I lapped up the nectar she was producing while I relished the opportunity to have my face between the thighs of another horny young lady. I slurped up her juices while she continued to moan, then slipped a finger into her, finding her pussy as hot and wet as it had been earlier that evening. I was looking forward to slipping my cock into her again but I was going to enjoy the opportunity to eat her pussy first.

When I started to lick and suck her clit, she moaned louder than I think she intended, but I still don't believe it was loud enough for Linda to know what was going on. She'd gone from supporting herself on her elbow to reclining completely and holding my head with both hands while rocking her hips toward my face. I suspected that the anticipation over the past few hours probably had her a lot further along the way to cumming, which I was okay with even though I would have been content to eat her pussy for hours. I figured that, if things continued to go as well as they had been so far, I'd have plenty of other opportunities to eat her and indulge myself while pleasuring her.

As her pussy continued to become wetter and more engorged, she was also starting to tense up more and more. My goal was to pleasure her, not to indulge myself, so I didn't try to draw things out and focused more on getting her to cum with the greatest level of pleasure I could. When she suddenly gasped and her body started to shake, I continued to lick and suck her clit while my finger slid in and out of her increasingly hot and wet pussy. Her orgasm appeared to be long and intense, which pleased me in that I was able to provide that kind of pleasure and because I knew it would bode well for the potential of future encounters. I only stopped stimulating her once she'd gone limp and still and had let out a long sigh. I slipped my finger from her pussy and sucked her nectar off of it as I stood. My cock was already throbbing and, as I looked over her naked body laid out before me, I thought it might burst from my shorts.

As she recovered, I shed my t-shirt and let my shorts drop to my ankles, followed quickly by my briefs. She'd opened her eyes and had watched me undress, her eyes widening at how stiff my cock was. I got onto the bed on my knees beside her and leaned down to lick and suck her hard nipples as she reached for my tool. I moved up a bit further and brought my cock close to her face so she wrapped her lips around it and briefly sucked it before I moved further up the bed. As I lay on my back in the middle of my bed, she got up and crawled toward me, her tits swinging as she approached. Straddling me, she reached for my cock and guided it toward her pussy, then slowly sat down on it. We both moaned and, as she started to slowly ride my cock, I reached for her tits and caressed the soft, smooth flesh while running my hands over her hard nipples.

She was sitting upright, humping her hot pussy against my throbbing tool but, after a bit, she leaned forward to kiss me. As her tongue was snaking into my mouth, my hands were sliding around from her tits, over her waist and around to her ass. She couldn't move up and down as well as she leaned forward, so I started pushing up into her and giving her the full length of my cock. Her pussy not only felt amazingly hot and slippery but seemed to become even more so the longer I fucked her. She was moaning intermittently as I was fucking her but, the longer we went at it, the more she was moaning and the harder it was to continue making out. When she finally pulled her mouth from mine, she started rocking back harder on my cock and I could feel her tits swinging against my chest.

When she arched her back, straightening up just a little, her swinging tits were right in my face, so I started to lick and suck her hard nipples, my hands coming up briefly to caress her tits before going back around to hold her ass as it bounced up and down. I could tell by her breathing, and by the way her pussy was becoming even more engorged, that she was right on the verge of cumming and was doing what I could to get her the rest of the way there. It was just moments later when she slammed herself down on my tool with a soft moan and sat there as tremors coursed through her body. I continued licking and sucking her nipples while holding her ass as she came but let my head drop back once she'd gone still and I could hear her trying to catch her breath.

"I want to suck your cock again," she finally said.

"I have no problem with that," I replied, "but how would you like your pussy devoured again at the same time."

"Wine me, dine me, sixty-nine me," she said, then kissed me again before climbing off my cock and repositioning herself with her pussy over my face. I gazed up at her trim, dark brown bush as I felt her start pumping my cock in her hand. I reached up and ran my hands over her ass while admiring her pussy at close range as she wrapped her lips around my tool and lowered her hot mouth over it. I figured since she'd just had two back-to-back orgasms, she wouldn't begrudge me a moment or two to get a good look at something that many people probably wouldn't take that much of an interest in, at least as far as aesthetics go. I finally slipped a finger between her lips and into her wet pussy as she continued to bob her head up and down on my tool.

As I was watching my finger disappear between her nether lips, I was savoring the feel of her mouth sliding up and down my tool. She left nothing to be desired when it came to sucking cock and I could feel my orgasm already building due to the pleasure I was feeling. Whether she was sucking my cock because she knew I hadn't cum yet while she'd cum twice or because she just enjoyed having a hard cock in her mouth didn't matter to me because it felt immensely pleasurable regardless of the reason. I started to lick her clit while continuing to finger her and felt her moan reverberating around my cock. I was licking her pussy both to make her cum and because I enjoyed doing it so, combining the pleasure of her blowjob with the pleasure of devouring her pussy was really the ultimate for me.

I could tell that fingering her pussy and licking her clit was driving her to another orgasm but I also was certain that this time I would beat her to the punch. I could feel my cock swelling even more as her hot mouth continued to slide up and down it while she pumped the base and was relishing the building levels of pleasure that I was experiencing. I stopped licking her pussy briefly as I found myself right on the verge of cumming, though I did continue to slide my finger in and out. I exploded into her mouth with a grunt of pleasure and she didn't even hesitate; she continued sucking my cock as she swallowed my load. Once I was spent, I went back to licking and sucking her clit with renewed vigor and she moaned as she let my cock fall from her mouth.

I could hear her continuing to moan softly as her breathing rate picked up and her pussy became even wetter and more engorged around my finger. My goal again switched from indulging myself to making her cum, so I was putting all of my experience into action in order to get her the rest of the way there, not necessarily faster, but with the greatest amount of pleasure I could provide. She started to tense up again once she was right on the verge then gasped as her body began to shake. I continued to stimulate her through another long, intense orgasm then let my head drop back again once she let out a long sigh. I slipped my finger from her pussy and sucked her nectar off of it as she moved around to lie beside me.

It didn't occur to me until much later that, just as she and Shelly had both dropped in and fucked me when they found Linda not to be at home, either one of them could just as easily have walked in on me with the other. This wasn't really a big deal because, just as we could have had to deal with Linda interrupting us, I imagined that we'd have just acted similarly if some else had. Just the same, I encouraged both of them to plan visits with me downstairs if they were feeling randy and we'd leave opportunities for a spontaneous experience completely to chance.