 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Boarding with Linda Ch 01 - Ch 05, which are prequels to this story. 

*

I was probably giving too much thought to Linda's masturbating. On the one hand, pun definitely intended, I was wondering if I was enjoying so many opportunities to watch her masturbate because she didn't have another outlet for her sexual needs. On the other hand, I was getting laid plenty and I still masturbated, though it was generally while I was watching her. I wasn't privy to Linda's every movement but I was pretty sure she wasn't sneaking any guys into the house the way that I was sneaking women in downstairs. Of course, that didn't rule out the possibility that she was involved with somebody during the day from work or something. Like me, she could be getting laid regularly but just be that horny in general, or maybe just when she was at home, that she was masturbating regularly as well.

My conundrum was that, if she was masturbating because that was her only outlet, I absolutely would want to be able to step up and help her out, if she was looking for help. At the same time, we had a fantastic friendship and landlord/tenant relationship that I did not want to screw up. I figured one good way to do that would be to try to let her know that I was available to service her sexually when she was completely uninterested. Ultimately I decided that the best course of action was just to be attuned to any clues I might be able to glean from her behavior. In the meantime, I planned to continue getting laid downstairs whenever I could and continue peeping on her in the privacy of her bedroom.

I don't know if I was unconsciously dropping hints myself or if she'd been debating internally over whether to risk our comfortable status quo for the possibility of something even better but one night as we were watching TV, everything changed. It wasn't unusual for us to sit close or snuggle when we were watching TV and, depending on what was on, sometimes Ashley was right there with us, too. Of course, just as often as not, we might be sitting at opposite ends of the couch or one of us might barely be paying attention to what the other was watching. On this particular evening, Ashley was already long in bed as Linda and I watched TV together. I was sitting in the middle of the sectional couch and Linda was lying on her side with her head on my upper thigh.

She was wearing a t-shirt and shorts, just as I was, which was pretty typical evening attire for that time of year. Naturally, my gaze had run along her body numerous times as she'd been lying there, checking out the curves of both her ass and her tits. I wasn't aroused with her lying there but was pretty sure that it wouldn't have taken much to change that. I was leaning back with my hands behind my head and, when she adjusted her position slightly, her head came in contact with my cock through my shorts. I had no issue with this but, just as I'd thought, it caused bit of a blood surge down there. I'm not sure if she could feel that blood surge as my cock swelled just slightly but she adjusted her head a few more times, which caused more of a surge which caused more swelling. I was wondering if she was just messing with me but I tried to distract myself by focusing on the TV show we were watching, assuming if I thought about what she was doing to me too much, that would cause even more blood to surge. 

When she reached under her head, I was beyond surprised because she immediately started to stroke my cock through my shorts and underwear. This, of course, only caused my cock to grow even more rigid. She finally rolled over to face my lap and, without even looking up at me, started to open my shorts. I was looking down at her for sure, fascinated by this turn of events and curious about what inspired it. She extracted my throbbing tool from my shorts and underwear and immediately wrapped her lips around it. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed me and started to move up and down. As amazing and unexpected as this was, I knew if this was going to be a one-time thing that I had to get her naked and get my hands on her hot body.

"How about getting undressed?" I asked, causing her to finally look up at me.

"I will if you will," she replied, extracting my cock from her mouth but still pumping it.

I immediately pulled my t-shirt over my head so she got up, leaving my cock waving like a flagpole from my lap. As she stood before me, I removed my shorts and underwear and sat there naked, my attention on her just as hers was on my cock. I'd watched her undress many times from not much greater distance but, without a two-way mirror between us and knowing that she was doing it for me this time was just an incredible feeling. She raised her t-shirt up and my attention was on the hard bumps of her nipples clearly trying to poke through the cups of her bra. She let her shorts drop next and stood before me in just bra and panties as she reached back to unfasten her bra. Even though I'd seen them numerous times, I was rapt as her bra slid down her arms and her succulent breasts were revealed. I can't imagine I was the first guy to have this reaction to seeing them, though; I had to believe that every guy who'd ever seen them had reacted in the much same way.

Her bra dropped to the floor and she immediately started to slide her panties down, drawing my attention from her tits to her trim, brown bush as it was revealed. I had every intention of burying my face in that thing for as long as I could while I had the opportunity but, when she leaned forward and her tits were swinging right in front of me, I knew I'd want to fuck them, as well. As soon as she'd stepped out of her panties, she straddled me on the couch and, as I reached for her titties, she was guiding my throbbing tool to her pussy. We both moaned as she lowered herself onto it and I could not believe how hot and wet she was. I found it difficult to believe that her pussy could have become that hot and wet just while she was undressing, so I was thinking that she had been mentally working up to this moment the entire time she'd been laying there.

I was still leaning back as she began to ride me so that I could fondle her luscious tits, but as soon as she really got going, she leaned down and brought her lips to mine. It didn't take long to progress from kissing to making out passionately as she rode me. She'd started out slowly but was gradually increasing her pace, not riding me hard and fast yet but working her way up to it. My hands gravitated from her tits to her ass, which felt just as amazing as I squeezed her cheeks while they moved up and down. I was beyond grateful for this opportunity so I was determined to savor not just the feeling of her pussy sliding up and down my tool, but the soft smooth flesh of her ass and her tits as well as the experience of having her tongue in my mouth. In the event that she decided later that this had been a mistake, I didn't want to regret that there was something I hadn't done or hadn't spent enough time doing.

As her pace continued to increase, she ended up pulling her mouth from mine, in part to make it easier to ride me harder but also, I think, so she could moan without doing it into my mouth. I was nearly hypnotized as she straightened up again and I watched her tits bouncing up and down. My hands went right back to them, not to stop them from bouncing, but to confirm that they were right there and I was actually allowed to touch them. I ran my hands over the soft, smooth flesh and caressed her hard nipples as I felt her pussy somehow becoming even wetter and more engorged than it already had been. I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build as a result of her hot pussy moving up and down my cock but I was pretty certain that she was going to get there first. Consequently, I was not surprised when she dropped down onto my cock and just sat there as her entire body appeared to be quivering.

The look on her face went from concentration to ecstasy then a big smile took over. When she opened her eyes again once she'd apparently finished cumming, she was still smiling. She leaned down to kiss me again as I continued to fondle her tits.

"You like my tits, don't you?" she asked, pulling her mouth from mine and whispering huskily into my ear.

"Of course I do," I replied, "What's not to like?"

"Then let me do something for you," she said as she started to move backwards off of me, my cock slipping out of her, "so you can enjoy them even more."

She knelt before me and squeezed her tits together against my cock, then started to move up and down so that my cock was sliding between them. I moaned as I relished the feeling of the soft, smooth flesh moving along my tool. She smiled up at me then turned her attention to my cock peeking from between her titties as I did the same. While the feeling was indeed incredible, the visual was also outstanding and I was still awestruck that we'd taken that step and I was experiencing her hot body. My orgasm was continuing to build and the pleasure I was feeling was unbelievable. I would have been more than content to blow my load onto her big beauties but, whether the position wasn't that comfortable or she just had a desire to do something else, I didn't get the opportunity, at least at that moment.

Linda started to jut out her tongue to lick my cock each time she slid her tits down and it wasn't long before she was sliding her mouth down my tool. She released her tits and grasped the base of my cock, pumping it as her lips slid up and down. This was just as amazing to experience and watch as having her using her tits on my cock had been. My orgasm was continuing to build because her mouth felt incredible as she sucked my throbbing cock. I was running my fingers through her thick, brown hair while trying to just remain relaxed and enjoy the pleasure that I was feeling. She absolutely left nothing to be desired when it came to sucking cock so it was a treat to watch her work and enjoy the fruits of her labor. She managed to draw out the pleasure I was feeling far longer than I would have expected so, when my cock began to swell even more in anticipation of blowing my load, I was not disappointed. She seemed to know when I was right on the verge of cumming and refocused her efforts on making me cum rather than on drawing out the pleasure. When I exploded into her mouth, she swallowed my load down and continued to suck my cock until I was completely spent.

"God, I love sucking cock," she said once she'd let my cock fall from her mouth.

"It shows," I replied, "and you're really good at it, too...but let me show you what I love to do."

I patted the seat beside me and she got up off her knees and sat on the couch. I had her lay back and spread her legs then started kissing my way along her smooth inner thighs toward her trim, brown bush. I kissed my way around it when I reached it before running my tongue up her slit and finding her to be overflowing with pungent juices. I'd had a feeling that, if she did love sucking cock so much, it would probably get her fired up even more while she was doing it. When I started to slurp up her flowing juices, she moaned again and grabbed my head, running her fingers through my hair. Glancing up, I could see that her arms were squeezing her tits together, making me want to slip my cock between them again.

After all the times I'd watched her getting herself off alone in her bedroom while thinking how I'd love to take care of her needs with my tongue, I was finally getting the opportunity and I was loving it. Her pussy just kept flowing with juices that I'd never be able to completely lick up, so I focused the efforts of my tongue on her clit and slipped a finger into her juicy pussy. She moaned again though I knew she was trying to be as quiet as possible so as not to rouse Ashley. I pumped my finger in and out as I licked and sucked her clit then slipped a second finger in along with the first. She was rocking her hips toward my face with one foot on the couch and the other on the floor. The longer I ate her, the harder she was pushing her pussy toward my face.

I could feel her pussy becoming more engorged as she was starting to tense up a bit and was wondering whether I should just continue eating her once she'd cum and shoot for multiple orgasms. Not surprisingly, based on how much I'd wanted to get her naked and eat her pussy, my cock was recovering remarkably quickly, so I was also thinking that maybe I'd just go ahead and fuck her again while I had the opportunity. The only reason that I was thinking ahead at moment was, again, because I wanted to be prepared in case this was my only opportunity to experience these things. My gut was telling me that, with Linda initiating, cumming while riding my cock and clearly enjoying having my face buried in her pussy, this was going to become a regular thing but I wasn't going to count my chickens.

As she tensed up more, her ass was coming up off the couch and she was pulling my face toward her pussy. I just kept up what I was doing since it was clearly working and she was obviously enjoying it. She finally let out a relieved-sounding moan and went limp on the couch, her body shaking and twitching as she came. I continued to devour her pussy through her long, intense orgasm and only stopped once she'd gone completely still and had let out a long sigh. I raised my head and slipped my fingers from her pussy then sucked her juices off of them. My cock was nearly fully rigid again by this point so I had decided to fuck her again and I knew without a doubt that her pussy was incredibly hot and wet from that last orgasm. I moved up over her as I guided my cock between her lips then lowered myself on top of her as I slipped my full length into her.

"You're really good at that," she said, still catching her breath.

"Thank you," I replied, "and I love to do it, so just let me know anytime you'd like it again."

She wrapped her arms around me and pulled my face toward hers so we were soon making out again as I slowly fucked her. Her pussy still felt fantastic even after experiencing her talented mouth and her luscious titties. I also liked the feeling of her tits against my chest as well as the rest of her bare skin against mine. She was raising her hips to accept my thrusts so I was getting maximum penetration into her as I was gradually increasing my pace. The only thing on my mind at that moment was exactly how good her pussy felt as I slid repeatedly in and out of it. I wasn't thinking about trying to make her cum because she already had twice. I wasn't thinking about whether we'd ever be in this situation again because I was getting a good feeling that we would be. My only focus was how good her pussy felt and how I was just going to fuck it for as long as I could manage.

Fortunately, my second orgasm was building more slowly than the first so this ended up being more of an opportunity to make love than just frantically fucking again. That's not to say that the intensity and desire had been cranked down, just that the frenzy of wanting to experience everything immediately had calmed down. I was feeling like I'd be happy to just continue making love to her for the rest of the night, enjoying her hot pussy wrapped around my tool. Gradually my orgasm began to build, however, and we started moving a bit faster as the level of pleasure continued to increase. I wasn't disappointed that I was getting close to cumming because I was certain that this was just the first of many times I'd find myself in this position.

We'd been making out continuously and passionately since I'd first slipped into her and I only pulled my mouth from hers to let out a moan when I started to spew into her. It was almost more of a soft gasp into her ear to let her know how good she was making me feel. My orgasm seemed to go on longer than I would have expected but I certainly had no complaints. When I was finally spent, I just remained embedded within her until I'd caught my breath, then I rolled off to lie on my side next to her.

"That was even better than I'd expected," she said.

"Been thinking about seducing me for a bit then?" I asked.

"No but I've been thinking a lot about fucking you," she replied, "I was kind of hoping that you'd seduce me so I wouldn't have to figure out how to go about it."

"Well, you did an outstanding job," I told her, "I would have been too concerned that, if you weren't interested in being seduced, I'd soon be looking for someplace else to live...and I like living here."

"I'm definitely not letting you go anywhere else now," she said, "but I do think we need to be careful how we proceed from this point forward."

We both agreed that we should be discreet, not only when it came to keeping our friends in the dark, but especially when it came to Ashley. We were both on the same page as far as keeping our hands to ourselves and saving the passion for when we knew it was just the two of us. Having only been divorced for a short time, Linda wasn't looking for anything more than a sexual relationship, beyond the relationship that we already had, at least. People were making assumptions as it was so we didn't want to give them any more reason to. As far as the other women I was already fucking on a semi-regular basis, I certainly didn't want to cut that off, but I didn't know how much Linda knew about that since some of them were her friends. She didn't bring it up and neither did I, but my intention was to put her needs first since I'd been wanting to get with her for so long and because I knew now that she didn't have another outlet beyond her fingers.

We talked for quite a while, not only about ground rules, but also about when and where we thought our most likely opportunities would occur and what we wanted to do when those opportunities did present themselves. As we continued talking, my hand naturally ended up caressing her tits and hers dropped down to fondle my cock, which gradually came back to life. We started kissing again as the conversation died down but, once my cock was completely ready to go again, she sat up.

"I know you love my tits," she said, "so how do you want to go at it this time?"

"I love your ass, too, so why don't you sit on my lap again," I replied, "but face away from me this time."

She stood as I sat up and, when she turned away from me, my hands went right to her ass and caressed and massaged it as she backed toward me. She reached down to grasp my cock and guided it toward her approaching pussy as she lowered herself toward it. My hands moved up to her waist to steady her as she dropped into my lap and her pussy engulfed my tool. We both moaned again and I knew that I would never tire of the feeling of slipping into her hot, slippery pussy. She started to slowly move up and down while I reached around and caressed her clit, causing her moan to continue. I leaned back as she initially was leaning forward and, while I realized that I was missing the view of her tits bouncing, I did have a nice view of her ass moving up and down right in front of me. When she ended up sitting more upright, she took my hand away from her clit and put it and my other on her tits. As I fondled her big bouncing beauties, she was caressing her clit while moving up and down on my cock a bit harder and faster.
