 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Boarding with Linda Ch 01 - Ch 06, which are prequels to this story. 

*

Linda and I were doing our best to avoid any suspicious behavior that might end up revealing to our friends that we'd initiated a sexual relationship. We thought we'd been doing a pretty good job until people started asking Linda why she hadn't had a party on any of the weekends when Ashley was with her dad. The claims that we'd been trading a cold back and forth were only going to fly for so long before people started putting two and two together and realizing that we were taking advantage of those weekends to fuck each other for hours on end. We finally accepted that we'd have to sacrifice one of those nights in order to maintain our secret. We also knew that we'd both have to be careful that, after a few drinks, neither of us did anything impulsive that gave our secret away. We both agreed that it would probably be in our best interest not to get as shitfaced as we typically would in the comfort of our own home. Of course it is always easier to say that you won't drink much than it is to actually not do it.

I woke up the morning after the party due to the urge to pee and discovered that I was in my bed, which was a good thing, and I was with somebody, which could have been either good or bad. We were spooning, definitely a positive sign, and her hair was a much lighter brown than Linda's, which was a relief. As I extricated myself to go urinate, I realized it was Irene. It was probably good that we were both fully clothed because Irene was Jim's girlfriend. As I was peeing, I was considering the situation. She was in bed with me but we were dressed, which suggested that we hadn't had sex but didn't explain how she'd ended up there. If she and Jim had decided not to go home, why would she have ended up in my bed while Jim had obviously ended up somewhere else? I wondered if he was in bed with Linda.

Heading back to bed, I was pretty sure that we hadn't decided to swap partners but I did have a strong feeling that, if Linda was in bed with Jim, he'd end up getting more than a good night's sleep. With that in mind, I locked the door behind me as I returned to my room, then checked to make sure the door to the outside was locked, too. I crawled back into bed with Irene, spooning her again, and was surprised when she pulled my arm around her and held my hand. Now, of course, the dilemma was, if she thought I was Jim, was I willing to go along with her until she realized that I wasn't? Irene had a kick-ass body on the same level as Linda's, though her tits were just a bit smaller. I would have had no problem jumping her bones if she wasn't dating Jim and, if the tables were turned, I was pretty certain Jim would have no problem jumping a girl I was dating if she was hot like Irene. I was thinking I'd just see how things went when Irene took my hand that she was holding and placed it on her breast. I could feel her hard nipple through her top and bra so I gently caressed it as I felt my cock starting to stiffen. When she started to roll toward me, I was ready for her to realize that I wasn't Jim but I wasn't expecting too dramatic of a reaction.

"Is there any chance that someone could walk in on us?" she asked, looking directly at me in the diffuse, early morning light filtering through the windows. There was no chance she didn't know who she was talking to.

"Nope," I replied, "all of the doors are locked."

"You must have been reading my mind then," she said and pulled my face toward hers. We started kissing and were quickly making out as I continued to massage her breast. When she reached down to caress the growing bulge in my shorts, I slipped my hand up under her shirt and, discovering a front clasp on her bra, briefly toyed with her hard nipple some more before unfastening her bra. I had admired Irene's tits on many occasions so it was nice to feel the soft, smooth flesh in my hand and that, along with her hand, had my cock growing even more rigid. I wanted to lick and suck her hard nipples but I also liked making out with her and couldn't bring myself to stop. As hard as my cock was getting, I started to consider that her pussy must be incredibly wet, so I eventually abandoned her tits and slipped my hand up under her skirt. I caressed the front of her panties as she spread her legs, then slipped my hand inside and over her trim bush.

She moaned softly as I ran my finger over her clit and between her lips to find her practically overflowing with juices. We continued making out as I fingered her pussy and stroked her clit as she rocked her hips toward my hand. Figuring that neither of us would probably want to settle for manual relief, I pulled my mouth from hers.

"I can probably make you cum like this," I whispered into her ear, "or you can ride my cock."

"Cock," she replied, then started to move. I slipped my hand from her panties and tasted her juices on my finger as she got up on her knees and removed my shorts and underwear. She pumped my cock briefly before reaching under her skirt to slide her panties down. Once she got those off, she straddled me and guided my cock to her pussy as I raised her skirt to watch as my cock slipped into her just below her trim, light brown bush. We both moaned as she lowered herself onto my tool and, as she started to slowly ride up and down, I let the hem of her skirt drop and slipped my hands back up under her top. I felt her tits bouncing as she rode me so I raised her shirt and watched them for a moment, admiring her large areolas and hard nipples, before placing my hands on them.

I looked up at Irene's face as I fondled her tits, feeling a sense of contentment even though I was fucking my friend's girlfriend. How ironic that, if he hadn't helped to build the room we were in, we might not be in this position. She looked as happy as I felt as she bounced up and down on my tool so I was not feeling the least bit guilty about it. What I was feeling was an incredible amount of pleasure as a result of her hot, slippery pussy sliding up and down my tool. I had definitely fantasized about being in this position before so I was really savoring the opportunity to actually not only fuck her but to get my hands on her succulent tits and check out various naked parts of her hot body. I was definitely going to get a look at her bare ass, too, before this incident came to a close.

The longer she rode me, the harder she was humping against my cock and the hotter her pussy was feeling. She remained upright, which was fine with me because it meant that I could continue to both fondle and admire her bouncing titties. The light was getting brighter with each passing minute, which made even more detail visible as my eyes roamed over either her tits or her face since not much more of her was exposed. She'd closed her eyes but the smile remained on her face until she seemed to be right on the verge of cumming when her expression transformed into something more reflective of intense pleasure. I knew that feeling because I was experiencing the same thing, though I wasn't quite on the verge of cumming yet, myself. Her pace continued to increase until she suddenly gasped and a shiver seemed to rack her body. She stopped moving and just sat on my cock as her orgasm coursed through her. I continued to gently caress her tits as she came, smiling and feeling pleased that I was able to help her feel such obviously intense pleasure.

"I'd like to suck your cock now," she said when she'd finally recovered and had opened her eyes again.

"Would you mind if I licked your pussy while you do?" I asked, with mock politeness and formality.

In answer to my inquiry, she repositioned herself over me in a sixty-nine so that her trim, light brown bush was above my face. I pushed her skirt up around her waist to let the light in and admired her pussy as she grasped my cock and pumped it before wrapping her lips around it. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed my cock and just lay there relishing it while running my hands over her ass. When I finally raised my head and ran my tongue along her slit, I felt her moan reverberating against my cock but she never slowed down in sucking it. I slurped up the juices she was still producing in abundance before slipping a finger into her and starting to pump it in and out as I licked and sucked her clit. My free hand was either roaming over her ass or reaching down to cup her dangling breast as I commenced voraciously eating her pussy.

I couldn't honestly say which I was enjoying more: eating her pussy or having her sucking my cock. I was thoroughly enjoying both and I got the sense that she was, too. She was a talented cocksucker and I was envious of Jim for just a moment before I recalled how many talented cocksuckers I had available to me, not the least of whom was Linda. Instead of being envious, I relished the opportunity to enjoy her talents and focused my attention on further devouring her increasingly hot and wet pussy. It felt as though her pussy was becoming even more engorged the longer I ate her and I was thinking that I'd enjoy slipping my cock back into her again. Since she seemed to be building up to another orgasm much more quickly than I was, I figured that was a distinct possibility.

It isn't that I wasn't feeling an orgasm building, because I was certainly enjoying a significant level of pleasure due to her oral talents. It just seemed as though she would be experiencing another intensely pleasurable orgasm before I experienced my first. I absolutely had no issue with this and would have been perfectly content if she'd had one hundred orgasms before I had one as long as the one I had was supremely pleasurable. Consequently, when she slipped my cock from her mouth and let out a soft cry just as her entire body started to tremble again, I was not disappointed. On the contrary, I was pleased that she seemed to cum so easily and that she was getting a lot of pleasure from our little tryst.

Rather than going back to sucking my cock again once she'd finished cumming, she crawled toward the foot of the bed and straddled my hips, guiding my cock back into her incredibly hot, slippery pussy. My hands went right to her outstanding ass after pushing her skirt back up around her waist, squeezing and caressing the soft, smooth flesh. She immediately started riding hard and fast up and down on my cock, leaning forward and supporting herself on her arms. My attention was focused on her ass since this was the first time I'd ever gotten a look at it without something covering it. I noted that she already had tanlines from a pretty brief bikini and, though I'd seen her in a bikini before, I started thinking about how hot it would be to strip her out of one. My orgasm was still slowly building and I thought maybe I'd be shooting a load into her as I stared at her ass. Unfortunately, this was not to be, but I was certainly not displeased by where I did end up shooting my load.

I think we may both have been surprised when Irene suddenly slammed herself backwards and her body shook as she came again. I didn't believe that I could take full credit for her having three orgasms in such a short period of time but it certainly took some of the pressure off me that she could cum so easily. She rode out another apparently long and intense orgasm then climbed off of my still throbbing tool and turned toward me, her face flushed and her chest heaving as she caught her breath.

"I can't believe how much you are making me cum," she said breathlessly as she started stroking my cock, "but I want to make you cum and I keep doing it myself instead."

"That can be easily remedied," I told her and started to get up while having her lie down in my place. I pushed her shirt up and she slipped out of it as I straddled her then laid my cock between her tits. I took those beauties in my hands and gently squeezed them together around my cock then started to slide my cock between them. I smiled down at Irene as I felt the soft, smooth flesh against my rigid shaft. I'd actually been pretty close to cumming when she'd had her last orgasm while riding me reverse-cowgirl so, as incredible as it felt to fuck her tits, I knew it wouldn't be much longer before I finally blew a load. I was also caressing her tits and hard nipples as I held her tits together, enjoying how that felt as well, though I didn't believe it would stimulate her enough to have her cum before I did again.

She was looking down at my cock as it repeatedly reappeared from between her tits, a smile on her face, which got me thinking. I knew that fucking her tits until I came all over her sternum would be immensely satisfying, but I suspected that she'd try to catch some of my cum on her tongue or would clean it off her chest with her fingers which she'd then lick off so I figured I could save her the trouble. I fucked her luscious beauties until I was just about on the verge of cumming, then moved up over her a bit and slipped my cock into her mouth. She didn't seem to have any complaints about having my cock back in her mouth and immediately began to suck it with a great deal of enthusiasm. I was pushing toward her slowly as she sucked me off but she didn't seem to have any problems with accepting nearly my full length. She had a grip around the base, anyway, and was pumping as she sucked so I was quickly just about ready to cum.

My cock started to swell even more as my orgasm was imminent but she just kept right on going. Even as I started spewing into her mouth with a soft cry of pleasure, she never hesitated and just swallowed my load down while continuing to suck me off. Once I was spent, she still didn't release my cock from her mouth immediately and, if I hadn't moved away from her head, she might have continued sucking it. I flopped beside her on the bed, causing her tits to bounce, so I reached over to fondle them again. 

"That was pretty fucking amazing," I finally said.

"Does that mean I'm invited back?" she asked.

"Absolutely," I replied, "but we obviously have to be extremely discreet."

"Of course," she said, "but we should probably head upstairs before somebody comes looking for us. It'd be more difficult to see each other again if somebody immediately suspects that there is something going on between us."

I agreed and pulled my underwear and shorts back on while she refastened her bra and slipped back into her panties and top. We headed upstairs and, as I had suspected based on how quiet it was, found that no one else was up.

"Lie down on the couch for a minute and pull that throw over you," I suggested to Irene, "that way it will look like you slept there."

She followed my advice as I started making coffee. I heard the bathroom door in the hallway close quietly enough that Irene may not have heard it over the noise I was making so, when I heard it open again a couple minutes later, I stuck my head into the hallway and saw Jim. He waved me toward him so I stepped from the kitchen into the hall.

"Where's Irene?" he whispered.

"She's on the couch by the TV," I replied.

"As far as you know, I slept in Linda's dad's room," he told me.

"As far as I know, you did," I agreed.

He passed me and went through the kitchen to see Irene and, as I was about to follow him, Linda came out of her room with her robe on. She looked at me sheepishly and I had a pretty good idea that Irene and I hadn't been the only ones being bad that morning. Once the coffee was ready, we all enjoyed a cup together before Jim and Irene decided it was time to leave, declining our offer of breakfast. Once they were gone and Linda and I were alone, I was ready to hear her story.

"So it seems like you've got something you want to get off of your chest," I said, "your sexy and abundant chest."

"I feel terrible," she replied, "I fooled around with Jim this morning. I couldn't help myself."

"Don't be so hard on yourself," I told her, "I can assure you that Irene was no angel this morning, either."

"Uh...what?" she said, her mouth falling open. I told her what had happened between Irene and me with enough detail to hopefully get her feeling a bit randy.

"So what happened with you and Jim?" I asked.

"Okay, so, much like you," she began, "I got up to pee and realized that somebody was in bed with me. It was light enough that I could tell it was Jim and, as I came back from the bathroom, I saw his jeans lying on the floor. It made me wonder what he was wearing so I peeked under the covers and saw that he was just wearing boxers and a t-shirt. If that had been it, I would have just gone back to sleep but I could tell that his cock was hard."

"EMHO," I said, interrupting.

"What?" she asked.

"EMHO," I repeated, "That's what Jim calls an Early Morning Hard-On. Anyway...keep going."

"Well, you know how much I love sucking cock," she said and I nodded, "I couldn't resist so I pulled it out and started to suck it. Of course he woke up but he wasn't at all put off by it, he just turned the covers down and watched me. I was pumping his cock with one hand but the other was between my legs, stroking my clit. I finally just decided to fuck him so we could both get off, so I straightened up and straddled him and started to ride his cock. He pulled my nightgown up over my head and started playing with my tits. Anyway, it didn't take long before I came and, once I'd recovered, I asked if he wanted to fuck my tits and he did so I climbed off his cock and lay beside him. He got on his knees and straddled me and fucked my tits until he came all over my chest. I didn't even lick it up, though, because I was starting to feel guilty about Irene so I just went to the bathroom and cleaned up and he apparently pulled on his jeans and snuck out while I was in there."

"Well, obviously there is no reason to feel guilty," I pointed out, "and I'm planning to see Irene again so maybe you should just plan to see Jim again."

"I think you're right," she agreed, "Aside from the guilt, it was pretty good."

"It was good, but I know it wasn't great," I said, "because he never even bothered to eat your scrumptious pussy. I'm going to remedy that right now."

I knelt in front of where she sat on the couch and untied the belt of her bathrobe. Opening it, I could see that her nipples were hard so I brushed my palms over them before starting to slide the hem of her nightgown up as she leaned back. She lifted her ass so that I could expose her pussy then spread her legs as I lowered my face between them. Soon after the first few times I'd devoured Linda's pussy and she realized that I was enjoying it as much as she was, she'd asked me how I preferred that she groom her bush to make the experience as pleasant as possible for me. I was a much bigger fan of a trim and well groomed bush than the waxed, Barbie doll look, so that is what she did for me and I loved the way it looked nearly as much as I loved to eat it. 

I started licking her pussy and found it overflowing with juices, which was no surprise given that we'd been talking about sex since Jim and Irene had left us. I slurped them up as she moaned and ran her fingers through my hair. She was rocking her hips rhythmically and, when I slipped a couple of fingers into her pussy and started to lick and suck her clit, she moaned even louder. It hadn't been that long since I'd been voraciously devouring Irene's pussy but, because we had the time and the privacy, I was going to take advantage of that and not rush anything. If the way I ate Irene out could be compared to fucking, the way I was eating Linda's pussy would be more akin to making love. My fingers were sliding slowly in and out of her hot, slippery pussy while I unhurriedly ran my tongue over her clit.
