 The conversation with Cindy didn't go a planned. Alex was in tears by the time she got back to the ship. Cindy did like her but was angry with her over what happened with her sister. They both had issues with women. Both were coming to grips with the fact they were lesbians and this ran counterintuitive to their religious upbringings. She laid in her rack and cried most of the night. Since it was the weekend barely anyone was there. And she didn't feel bad for crying. After she finally stopped, she slept for nearly 12 hours. The week dragged on. There was nothing going on. She got off early nearly everyday. Unfortunately she had to stand duty on Friday.

Alex made it to duty section muster on time. She looked around and saw Furlong. He shot her a smile and she smiled back. Chief Hiller rambled on for a while about how it was going to be a long weekend and to stay out of trouble and to be extra careful standing watch. 

Furlong couldn't take it much longer. He'd been teamed up with this girl, Lundz, for too damn long. Ever since that night on the flight deck she'd been acting strange. It had been over a month since that incident occurred. But for some reason they always seemed to get the same watch every duty day, 0000-4000. They went to the armory together and got their weapons. They made it to the flight deck and relieved the previous watch. 

"Hopefully no bullshit happens," Furlong said as they made their way towards the front of the ship.

"Yeah," Alex replied.

The rest of their time on the flight deck went quickly. They made small talk about the three-day weekend. It was all ready Friday night, which meant it cut into it. Some people from air department did show up to check on their tractors and a few other things. But they didn't do anything stupid. Alex watched as they left the flight deck. Their reliefs showed up right on time. They passed off the radio and went back to the armory. They turned over their weapons and began to walk back to the shop. They were about halfway to the shop when Furlong stopped and walked off to an empty space.

"Wait," he said quickly.

"What's up," Alex asked.

"Come here," he said.

Alex complied and walked towards him. Alex was expecting this to happen eventually. She figured he wanted her. He quickly shot his hands out and grabbed her waist.

"There's something about you," Furlong said as he gripped her waist.

"A lot of guys say that about me," she laughed.

"I bet," he replied.

He ran his hand toward her belt buckle. He popped it open and slid his hand into her crotch. He could tell she wasn't wearing panties. He felt the small tuft of pubic hair as his finger slowly entered her.

"My wife is out of town," he said as he pressed his finger deeper into her.

"Ahhhh," she said his finger pressed against her.

"Want to come over?"

"Yeah," she replied.

"Good," he smiled before kissing her.

They kissed for nearly a minute. Alex gripped him tightly. He pulled his fingers out of her and walked away. Alex quickly tightened her pants and followed him back to the shop. He grabbed a seat on the couch and quickly gave it to her when she got back to the shop. They both sat down and watched TV. He did a good job of ignoring her. People knew he was married and he didn't want anyone to know that he was planning something with her. They eventually fell asleep and woke up around six in the morning. They made it to muster and it went quickly.

"Do you have a washer and dryer in your apartment," Alex asked as they broke from muster.

"No," he replied, "but there is a nice laundry mat near my place. Did you need to do some laundry?"

"Yeah," she replied.

"Just bring it with you," he smiled.

"Where should we meet," she asked.

"Meet me by my car," he said, "it's near the ship because of the weekend. It's a blue Taurus."

"Cool," she smiled.

She walked away from him and made her way back to the berthing and gathered her dirty clothes into her sea bag. She stripped off her uniform and found some decent civilian clothing. She pulled on her skimmer shoes and slung her bag onto her shoulder. She pulled out a bottle of detergent from her wall locker. She saw the Asian girl she sort of liked sitting on the couch. She smiled at her. Alex shot her a smile back. She hadn't been with a woman in a while. She wondered what it was like with an Asian. She climbed the stairs out of the berthing and made her way to the quarterdeck. Once again the black Chief standing guard shot her a bad look. She wanted to confront him and ask what his problem was. She decided against it. She lumbered through the parking lot and finally found Furlong standing by his car.

Furlong waited by his car for a few minutes. He saw her walking towards him; a large sea bag was slung around her shoulders and back. In her right hand was a large bottle of detergent.

"You made it," he laughed.

"Yep," she smiled.

"Let's roll," he said.

She dumped her sea bag into his trunk and they drove off. They drove to the Point Loma area. She recognized the Target and a few other things from her last visit. They got there before 8:30. He parked and she left the bag in the car. She followed him to his apartment. They walked in he told her to take her shoes off. She placed them on the shoe rack. She walked into the living room and picked up a picture of an overweight woman.

"Is this your wife," Alex asked as she held up the picture.

"Yeah," he replied, "fat piece of shit."

"Ha," Alex laughed.

"I think she's cheating on me," he replied.

"Why's that?"

"I mean I know she's cheating on me," he shot back.

"Oh?"

"She went to a party a few weeks ago," he started, "and she came back without her panties."

"Sucks," she laughed.

"Tell me about it," he said walking closer to her, "let's go upstairs."

She followed him upstairs into the master bedroom. He locked the door behind him. 

"It's cool if you want to use me to break up your marriage," Alex laughed.

"Oh," he shot back.

"If you haven't figured it out," she laughed, "I am a slut. A boat ho."

"I heard," he replied.

"What have you heard," asked in a playful tone.

"Well you sucked off nearly every guy in the division a few weeks ago."

"Yeah," she replied.

"Take your clothes off," he said softly as he sat down on the bed.

She complied and quickly stripped her pants and shirt off. She stood over him wearing only her bra and panties. He quickly stood up and knelt down in front of her and pulled her panties off quickly. He slid them over her feet. He looked over her near perfect feet and toes. He ran his hand over her toes. He quickly lifted her right foot and quickly licked her toes. Alex let out a quick laugh. He stood up and gave her a quick kiss before pulling back.

"Take it off," he smiled.

She complied and reached behind her back and unhooked her bra. She held it in her arms for a moment before letting it fall to the floor. She kept her arms covering her breasts.

"Let me see them," he said.

"No," she said in a playful tone.

"Please," he smiled.

"No," she laughed.

He walked around her and tried to pry her hands away from her breasts. She put up a quick fight. He grabbed her by either arm and quickly pulled her around to the bed and gently pushed her on the bed. The quick force caused her arms to fall away revealing her breasts. They bounced quickly and Furlong admired them for a moment. They were firm and perfect. Her body was amazing. Completely contrasting to his wife's lump of a body. She may have been stupid but she took care of her body.

"You look great," he laughed.

"Thanks," she laughed before covering her breasts again.

"Why do you keep covering them up," he asked.

"I don't know," she laughed.

"You need to let them out," he laughed.

"Maybe," she smiled before sitting up.

She licked her lips and stared at his crotch.

"Well," he smiled as he reached for his zipper.

Alex slid off the bed and got on her knees and Furlong began to unzip his pants. She reached inside and pulled out his penis. She looked over its rather average size and gave it a squeeze.

"Ow," he let out.

"Ha," she laughed as she reached forward with her mouth and wrapped it around his penis.

His semi-erect penis soon grew larger in her mouth. She slowly sucked and stroked it until he came to a full erection. He quickly gripped her hair and forced his penis deeper into her mouth. She gagged for a few moments. He pulled his pants off and slid his shirt over his body. He pulled his penis out of her mouth for a second before letting his boxers fall to the ground. She sucked him for nearly five minutes. He liked the feeling. She was amazing; it had been a long time since his wife had given him head. A long string of saliva connected from his penis and her mouth as he pulled out of her mouth.

"Fucking great," he said as the strand of saliva fell onto her body.

She jumped on the bed and lay down.

He walked towards the dresser and pulled out a condom from the top drawer..

"You won't need that," she laughed.

"Why," he asked.

"Ironically," she laughed, "I'm clean and I can't get pregnant."

"Haven't fucked raw in a while," he replied.

"Wife doesn't let you," she said with a smirk on her face.

"Don't want to have kids yet," he replied.

Alex spread her legs wide as he put the condom back into the dresser. He slowly walked up to her and got on the bed. He steadied his penis towards her vagina and quickly slid it into her.

"Wow," he laughed.

"Feel good," she asked.

"Yes," he replied before kissing her.

He slid into her quickly and exhaled. He leaned in closer to her and smiled. He pulled out quickly and pushed back into her. He kissed her quickly. She pushed her tongue into his mouth and gripped his back and dug her nails into his back. She wrapped her legs around him and he pushed deeper into her. He looked into her eyes and smiled.

"Fuck," he let out.

He pulled out of her and she unwrapped her legs. He kissed her tight stomach and worked his way to her pussy. He licked the tattoos above the small swath of pubic hair.

"What do they mean," he asked.

"Slave," she replied.

"Fitting," he smiled.

He reached forward and pushed a finger into her and quickly licked her pussy.

"Ohhhh," she let out.

"Haven't eaten much pussy," he laughed.

"I like eating it," she replied as he climbed back up her body.

He pushed his penis inside of her. She wrapped her legs around him again. He pressed deeper into her and kissed her. She reached his ear with her mouth and bit quickly onto it. He let out a sigh of discomfort but kept going. He sat up quickly and gripped the sides of her hips and pressed down into her hipbones with his thumbs. Her face let out a look of discomfort. He moved his hands to either side of her hips and continued to thrust into her. He moved his hands further up her body and gripped her breasts with either hand. He leaned in and began to suck and bite on the left nipple. He pulled back and quickly slapped it and watched it move after the gentle strike. He did the same with the right breast. He collapsed his body onto hers and she quickly bit into his collarbone. He enjoyed the quick sensation before sitting back up. He watched her breasts move with each thrust. He smiled as they bounced up and down. She raised her arms above her body. He smiled at the small amount of stubble on her armpits. He looked over the mass of tattoos on her left arm. He ran his hand down it and felt the small indentations of the pattern. He interlocked his right hand with her left and squeezed hard. He slowly pulled out of her. He looked over her body one more time.

"Turn over," he said as he got off the bed.

"Yeah," she replied.

He looked over her and grabbed her ass cheeks and gripped them hard. He let go of them and saw the small white areas turn back into the color of her skin. He then slapped her ass hard.

"Ow," she said in a mean tone.

"Sorry," he said in a defeated voice.

"It's okay," she smiled, "hit me again."

He swung hard into her ass. The sound of his hand slapping into her flesh made a sickening sound. He quickly grabbed her by the ankles and pulled her off the bed a bit. He positioned her so she was bent over the bed. She pressed her toes on the floor. He slapped her ass even harder. She let out a sigh as he slapped her again.

"Fuck," she let out before biting her lip.

"Okay," he said as he positioned himself behind her.

He knelt down over her and looked at her ass and pussy. He leaned in with his face and quickly licked her wet pussy. He slid his erect penis into her and exhaled. He pushed it deep into her and his hips pressed against her ass. He leaned over her body and they quickly kissed. He stood back up and quickly thrust into her over and over again. He wanted to enjoy it but wanted to cum for her.

"Where should I," he started.

"What," she replied as she lifted herself up onto her hands.

"Cum," he said.

"In me," she shot back.

He pressed deeper into her and slapper her ass and gripped her side with his free hand. He kept up a reasonable pace and gripped her left ass cheek and quickly let go. He shot out a quick burst and pulled out a bit and shot another weaker stream of sperm into her. A final burst pushed into her as he collapsed onto her. He kissed her on the cheek and rubbed her shoulders before standing up.

"Oh my god," Furlong said as he pulled out of her.

"Did that feel good," Alex asked.

"Fuck yeah," he smiled, "thought I'd last longer."

"It's cool," she laughed.

Alex stood up and slowly walked out of the bedroom. She felt his warm seed slide down her leg. She felt it nearly slide down to her knee. She wiped it up and ate it. Furlong followed her to the bathroom. She looked herself over in the mirror. He walked up behind her and grabbed her breasts.

"You were fucking great," he laughed.

"Thanks," she laughed.

They took a shower together. Furlong kissed her a bit more and fingered her as they washed off. He wanted to fuck her again, but had to wait. He felt tired from fucking her and needed some time off. They got out of the shower and quickly toweled off. Alex only put on her underwear. He changed completely. She pranced back into his room and jumped on the bed. He slid next to her. He looked over her tattooed body and ran his hand up and down her tight stomach.

"You take good care of your body," he sighed.

"Thanks," she replied, "the least I can do."

"Yeah," he smirked.

"What time is it," she asked as he pushed one of her breasts out of her bra.

"Almost ten," he said looking at the clock on the wall.

"Cool," she replied as he began to tweak and pinch her nipple.

"If you want to sleep it's cool," he said as he gripped her breast.

"Okay," she yawned.

Furlong played with her breasts as she began to drift into sleep. He sucked on her nipples for a few minutes and finally put them away in the bra. He looked over her sleeping body and noticed how at peace she looked. For some reason he felt like she had a hard life, he knew about some of the problems she had in deck department. He could only imagine how hard that was. He crept his hand down he body and slid a finger into her. She acknowledged the feeling, but remained asleep. He pulled his hand away from her panties and curled up next to her and fell asleep.