 I have Mondays off. It was a Monday in September. I decided to take a long boat trip down the river. There's a restaurant on the river outside Louisville that has a great Monday deal since no one is out on Monday. Louisville is about two hours by water on my little boat. That's where I was headed.

My little boat is a 1958 Chris*Craft cabin cruiser, 19' long with a 90 Horsepower engine. I saved it from rot, and rebuilt it, bottom-up. My friend Bob was the mastermind, I was the grunt. She (the boat) came out great. I call her 'Nick of Time' because that's when I caught her, in a nick of time.

Nick is a planing hull. That means the boat, under power, dances across the top of the waves, instead of powering through them.

That particular Monday morning, I did not fill up with fuel at my home marina. They were out of outboard oil. I knew of a marina about 15 miles downriver that had the oil, which I needed to fill up with fuel. I headed downriver.

No one is out on Mondays. I always have the river to myself. Marinas are only open because of weekend tragedies and rich folk heading home. If I encounter a boat on Monday, it's big.

I headed for my little marina, where fuel and oil awaited me. It's about a 20 minute ride, so I thought I could get away with airing out my tits. That's what I call it, baring my breasts to the wind and the elements. I love the wind on my bare tits. My nipples get really hard. I know some girls hate having hard nipples, but I really love it. The harder my nipples, the harder I cum.

I took my top off and zipped down the river, nipples pointed in the direction of travel. God, I was hot and it wasn't the sun.

When I approached the marina where I needed to fill up, I put my top back on and a big, baggy t-shirt. If you show a little ass, you get better service, but if you show too much tit, service slows down so you'll be there longer.

This time, when I pulled up to the dock, no one jumped out to help. The two old guys who were usually there were preoccupied with another guy on the dock. He was really good-looking. He held a trashed impeller in his hand. I pulled up and tied off in obscurity. The old guys who ran the place on the off days, didn't notice me. I think T&A has less influence on old guys. I oiled up and fueled up. As I stepped up to get my receipt, I heard the new guy say, "It's just a $20 item, isn't there anywhere around here I can get one?"

"Well, I expect Southeastern Marine in Scottsburg would have it. That's 25 miles up the road. And I know Marine Sales in Louisville would have it, they're right on the river," said one old guy.

"Can you get it for me today?" the great looking guy asked.

"Tomorrow, 10:00 a.m. That's what Fed-Ex says, or a $100 taxi ride to Scottsburg and back."

"Damn, I'm gonna miss the game..." he said.

At that point, I could resist no longer. "What's up? Can I help?"

"Oh, Miz Mikie! How d' ya do?" answered the geezer, "This fella has lost his impeller, and we can't get him fixed. You know we haven't had a service department since Jake retired. I don't know what to do for him," said the old guy.

"I was going to Captain's Quarters for lunch anyway, maybe I can help. Joe, call Marine Sales and make sure they have the impeller, and I'll take Mr. What? there and back. Maybe he'll pay for some fuel and my lunch," I offered.

"Bill, Bill Medford," the young guy stammered. "You'd do that for me? That's great! I'll buy your fuel and your lunch and spot you a c-note," he said.

"Bill, you are hopelessly out of date. A "c-note"! Have you been watching old Bogart movies? You're an idiot! But I'll help you. I'm going that way anyway, and you can help out with the cash. Fine," I said.

He climbed aboard my little boat, and stood close. I idled out into the channel. Before I put the boat up on plane, I pulled off my large t-shirt. This guy was hot, and I decided I wanted him.

I had stowed the helm seat, so I had to stand to pilot the boat. My bikini was really cute. It was orange with ties on either hip, and a tie between the breasts. This was my favorite suit, tiny. I love showing my body. If I am in a crowd, have had a few beers, and someone shouts, "Show us your tits!" I will.

We headed for Marine Sales in Louisville.

I heard Bill's story. He was quite the baseball fan, especially the St. Louis Cardinals, since that's where he was from. He decided to boat to as many ball parks as he could. He had been to Pittsburgh for the series with the Pirates, then to Cincinnati for the Cardinals' series with the Reds. He was headed to Louisville for a minor league game at Slugger Field. He had a 24' Rinker with an inboard/outboard. He was enough of a gearhead that he could work on his boat himself. He had noticed his engine over heating, and knew it was an impeller. It's an easy part to change, you've just got to have the part.

He was a really nice guy, very level headed and very passionate about baseball. And he was damn good looking. 5'8", maybe 180, sun-bleached brown hair, green eyes, broad, nearly hairless chest. He was in his thirties, no wedding ring

After nearly half an hour, I asked him to put sun screen on my back. The sun was bearing down on my back, and I needed it. He smoothed the lotion on my back and shoulders. His big hands on my back felt great! He didn't just rub the lotion on, he massaged my back as I held on the steering wheel. I got really horny. I decided to make my move.

When he was finished, I turned toward him. I 'accidentally' caught my thumb in the middle loop of my top, untying it, and it dropped to either side. I faced him bare-breasted. "Whoops!" I said, and made to tie my top back, no small feat while piloting a boat at speed.

"Screw it!" I said. "I'd rather be topless aboard the boat anyway, no tan lines that way. Do you mind?"

"Uh, no, I don't mind," he stammered, staring at my tits. "You're right, no tan lines, very nice." You can't really expect a guy to come up with a great line when a girl has unexpectedly bared her breasts for him.

"I really like my tits. Tits are one of the best things about being a girl. It's like having a built-in advertisement for guys. Besides, they are fun to play with. I have a girlfriend who says that she is bored with hers, but I have never tired of mine," I told him.

"They are really quite nice," he hadn't taken his eyes off my tits even once. And he had an obvious, raging hard-on. This was all good. He sure as hell wasn't gay.

"Thanks. You don't think they're too small?" I asked, looking down at my hard nipples.

"No, absolutely not. They are just perfect."

I just smiled and let him look. As the boat bounced across the waves, my little boobs bounced. Bill stared. I got even wetter. I was creaming my bikini bottoms.

"Hey, I know you're on a time schedule," I said finally, "but I have to say, I sure would like to fuck you. I know I'm being forward, but I'm being straightforward. I'd like to fuck you, if you don't mind fucking a girl you just met. Maybe we could fuck underway. It would save time."

"Well, I have to say, this; This just doesn't happen in real life. A beautiful woman, out of the blue, wants to fuck me? This is stuff you read in Penthouse Forum, but it isn't real. You're not serious, are you?" he asked.

"Look, guys do it all the time." I said with one hand on the wheel and one on my hip, tits up. "Have you never wined and dined someone with the only idea being to get in her pants? You didn't want a 'relationship', you wanted a fuck. Right?"

"Well, yeah, but that was quite a ritual. It took hours and several dates sometimes to score. You are incredibly sexy, and you just want to fuck? Me? Now?"

"Have I just not been clear enough? You're hot, I'm really hot. You'll be gone tomorrow, so we don't have time for the ritual stuff. Let's just fuck and shut up, OK?" I asked as I untied the sides of my bikini bottom. It fell to the deck , and I bent over the steering wheel, showing my wide open pussy to him. Getting the idea, Bill dropped trow and slid in behind me and started to stick his dick up in me. I bumped the throttle up full and slammed my cunt on his dick as the boat picked up speed. The bouncing over the waves pumped him in and out of me in rythym to the river. I could feel the orgasm coming from a long way off. When his pace increased and the waves became steeper, I cut the throttle and the boat slowed suddenly. Momentum slammed me back on his dick and I camewith a squeal and a shiver. I idled toward a cove and cut the motor.

"It's just too dangerous for me to drive while coming. Screw your schedule, I'm fucking you here and now." 

I pulled the boat into a cove at the mouth of a creek and set the boat down. I scampered out onto the deck, butt-naked and tossed in the anchor. Back in the cockpit (never more appropriately named) I sat on the aft bench, put my heels on the edge, spread my knees and pointed at my pussy. "Right here, big boy!" He didn't need more prompting.

He knelt before me and thrust his dick up into me. I squealed again. I love watching a cock pump in and out of me, and this one was nice and fat. Each time he shoved into me, the boat rocked, which seemed to add to the energy of his pounding. We were sweating and making animal sounds. I slid down so that he could get deeper inside me, and he did. He played with my tits, tweaking my nipples. I let him do the work. I was just the sex receptacle, and that was enough.

His pace increased and his words became less intelligible. He was close to the edge and so was I. Just when I was sure he was about to blow, he pulled out of me, stood, jacked his shaft a few strokes and shot his wad on my chest. It was like they do in porno movies.

Normally, I like to feel the guy come inside me. The feeling of the throbbing and the hot jizz spurting into me usually brings me off. But this was kind of exciting. First, the man was full of come. He came on my tits, my belly and my pussy. His last shot hit my open mouth and I swallowed it. I started to rub it all over my skin like it was lotion. That felt really good. I was sticky and gooey all over and I loved it. But I was still on the edge of my own orgasm.

I stood and said, "Bring that dick over here." He was still semi-hard, which was all I thought I would need. Fucking standing up can be really good. I put one foot on the bench to open up my pussy, grabbed his shaft and rubbed the head of his cock all over my cunt. I put the head just between my pussy lips and rubbed up and down, just nipping my clit. The juice was running out of me. Then I pulled his dick into me, jammed my pussy to his hilt a few strokes and I came. I think I screamed in his ear.

We stood facing each other, his softening cock still just inside me. "Very nice ride, Captain," he said to me. "I proudly offer the best rides around," I replied.

We reeked of sweat and sex. "I'm going for a swim," I said and dove into the water. Now the river doesn't make for the cleanest swimming hole, but I wasn't very clean anyway. He followed me in and we paddled around a while, but I could tell he was antsy. He was on a schedule.

We climbed back aboard. I went out on the deck and pulled up the anchor, still nude and loving it. As I stowed the anchor, I noticed a bass fishing boat a short way up the creek. An older gentleman sat in his fishing chair, his lines totally ignored. He was staring at me. How long he had been there, I didn't know. But creeks are very popular with bass fishermen. He may well have seen the whole show. I stood and waved at him, giving him a full view. Fishermen don't usually wave, but this one grinned and waved back at me. I turned, bent over, gave him a nice ass shot, and returned to the helm.

"I think we'll still make your schedule," I said as I began to dress.

"Baseball seems less important now, for some reason," he said. "Do you have to put clothes back on?"

"My ass will stick to the seat if I don't have on bottoms (voice of experience), but there's no need for that silly top until we get closer," I replied as I pointed my tits at him.

We got his impeller and got back to his boat with lots of heavy petting en route. Fully dressed, I helped him install the part on his boat. We fucked one more time with my back up against the engine block and his cock pumping in and out of me like one of the pistons in the big-block Chevy.

When it was time to part, we exchanged addresses and phone numbers. "When you're in St. Louis, you've got to look me up," he said.

"Well, I hate the Cardinals," I replied, "but maybe we could get together for a little ball..."