 Chapter Two: Highway Sex for the Truckers

Bob’s recent experience with public sex with Susan in the restaurant and watching her jerk off the young waiter in the parking lot had near sexual frenzy. On top of this was the excitement of being with another woman while his wife was out of town for a week on a business trip. Besides being his first foray into the affair scene in a long time, the woman he was with was lovely and perhaps the overall sexiest person he had ever known. After he and Susan got in the car following the jerk off session, Bob could not contain himself any longer. 

“Susan, you came twice in the restaurant there and I am so excited I about to bust. I don’t think I can make it for 120 miles without a climax.”

“I know, Baby. You need to cum. Would you like me to suck you off on the way back?” Susan asked, grinning with anticipation. She loved sucking a hard cock, the feel of cum shooting into her mouth, the control she had at that moment.

“God, yes!” 

“Just remember that we ladies can cum more times that you men, and I am not through for the night.” Susan put her hand on his pants over his hard cock. 

“Take your pants all the way off, and your briefs too.” 

“Oh yes.” Bob hurried and soon was naked except for his shirt, his erection sticking straight up. 

Lifting the armrests separating them, she reached over and began to play as they drove out of the parking lot. Now she had free access to cock and balls, more than she had had when she played with then under the table earlier. She started to lean over to take his cock in her mouth when he stopped her. 

“What about you?” 

“Me?” Susan asked. 

“Yes, you. I’ve felt and tasted your pussy, but I haven’t seen your pussy yet?”

“O.K.” Susan grinned, slipping off her skirt. Since she had left her panties for the waiter, she too was now naked from the waist down. 

“You want to see my pussy?” Susan sat facing him, her back against the passenger door. Scooting her ass down, she spread her legs and began to play with herself, rubbing her pussy and clit, then spreading her lips so he could see the love opening. She felt the power again as his eyes focused on her, knowing she had his entire attention, was the completely focus on his desire, his very life at this time. 

“What to you think about my pussy? Wouldn’t you like to lick it and put your tongue inside? Fuck it with your cock, feeling it so warm and wet? Cum inside it?” 

All the while, Susan’s eyes were laughing at him as she played and slipped fingers inside herself to tease him more. She played for a few seconds as Bob looked from the road in front of the car back to the passenger side, then back to the road again. 

“Yeeeeeeeeesss.” Was all Bob could answer, thoroughly fascinated by this woman who felt so free with her body, sexuality, and desires. He wanted her more than he had ever wanted any other woman in his memory. He watched as she slowly took off her blouse and her bra and was completely nude, then continued to play with her pussy with one hand and her nipples with the other. 

“Want to feel my tits?” 

“Yeeeeeeeessssssss.” Bob said again, and sighed as Susan scooted over next to him. 

Bob reached over with his right hand as she moved toward him so he could feel her soft breast, cup it and squeeze it as he drove down the road. Grasping her nipple between his thumb and finger, he rolled it, pinching slightly, and was rewarded with a low moan. He kept twisting it softly, hearing more moans and gasps. 

“Just don’t get pulled over by a cop.” Susan said through her groans of pleasure, noticing that the car was swerving slightly as Bob tried to watch both the road and her pussy. “I would be in deep shit.”

“You could just blow him and he would let you go.” Bob laughed, joking.

Susan laughed back, but began to form a mental image of the cop agreeing to let her go if she sucked him off and taking her to his car. In her quick fantasy, the cop sat in the driver’s seat and she lay on the passenger side, her knees against the door, her lower legs curled as she took his dick in her mouth, sucking. In her mind, she somehow bumped the radio, turning it on. Hearing other cops talking on the radio and realizing that her blowjob could be heard by every cop in the city, as well as everyone with a scanner turned on, she began to suck with loud slurping noises, making comments about his hard cock. 

When Bob’s voice cut in, Susan jumped and realized that she was playing with her soaked pussy while Bob played with her nipple.

“I don’t know where you are, Baby, but it must be a good place. I hope I am a part of that.” 

“You are, Baby; you are.” 

“Do you want to tell me what you were thinking about?” Bob asked. He had really enjoyed watching her play with herself and was hoping for more. 

Susan hesitated, but with Bob’s lustful, yet kind encouragement, began to tell him her fantasy of blowing the cop on the radio. She felt she could trust him. When she noticed how excited he was becoming, she turned on the dome light and began playing with herself as she talked, embellishing the fantasy. She enjoyed Bob watching her and imagining her sucking off another man as he watched. She described the cop stiffening and loud grunting as he came in her mouth and the comments of the other cops over the - - and a couple cops who seemed to be cuming as they listened. As she talked, she turned, facing Bob, replacing his hand on her breast with her own, playing with her nipple with one hand, the fingers of her other hand sliding slowly into her wet fuck-orifice. 

As Susan talked, Bob found a rest stop and quickly pulled over, turning on the dome light to see her better, not wanting to miss any of this sexy action. He watched as her eyes looked directly into his, drawn into the two pools of pure lust. He knew he could drown there be happy. 

Susan finished her story. “As he filled my mouth with his warm cum, you opened the passenger door, got on your knees and began eating my pussy.” (That part of her fantasy was added, but only she knew that and could see by Bob’s reaction that it was a nice touch for him.)

Bob suddenly had an idea. “Would you like to suck me off on the radio with lots of people listening?” 

“How . . .” Susan began, and Bob picked up the mike to his CB radio. 

“I have a signal booster in here and you could have every trucker for fifteen or twenty miles listening.” 

Susan took a deep breath and her eyes gleamed with sheer lustful delight as she thought about it. She nodded her head and Bob turned on the CB, making sure it was set to channel 19, the truckers’ channel. As they listened, a voice broke in, male, very deep, saying that there was a cop somewhere, giving the mile marker on the interstate. Bob handed Susan the mike, explaining that she was transmitting when she held down the button and could receive when she let it go. 

Susan was not the least bit hesitant. She knew that she could only be heard, not seen. Pressing the mike button, she said. “I love playing with your hard cock, Baby.” 

She released the mike button and they heard a surprised voice: “What? Come back?” 

Pressing the button, she continued: “God, Baby, I love running my fingers up and down your cock, feeling your balls.” 

She released the button and they could hear several voices trying to break in. “Who is this?” “Where are you?” “Is this for real?” Then someone who must have had a large signal booster, since he overrode everyone else. “Quiet, let her come back on so we can hear this.” 

The air was silent and Susan continued. “Let me see if I can milk some precum out of your cock, Lover. Oh Damn! It’s running down the underside of your dick. Let me get that.” 

Susan bent, licking the underside of Bob’s cock, catching his precum, making smacking noises with her mouth. “God, your precum tastes good, Baby. I need more.” 

She put her lips around the head of his cock, sucking loud enough for the mike to pick it up. “MMMMMMMMM, thas goo . .” She spoke with his cock in her mouth.

Now it was Bob’s turn and she held the mike up for him, button depressed, letting the truckers hear him say: “I love the feel of your lips around my dick, the way you milk me. You are so hot swallowing my precum, Baby.” 

“MMMMMMM.” Susan had the mike down to her mouth again, catching her moan and loud slurping noises. She sucked hard, lifting her lips from Bob’s cock, making a loud noise as it popped out of her mouth. 

“MMMMMMMM.” Susan moaned again. “You feel like you’re about ready to cum, Lover. I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to feel your cock throbbing as you spurt warm, creamy cum into my mouth. I want to swallow your cum.” 

Susan was on a roll now, imagining truckers alone in their cabs, pants undone, dicks out, stroking as they listened, about to cum because of her. She had a quick picture in her mind of nude people standing around the car, watching her naked, sucking Bob off as they played with themselves. She imagined them cheering, clapping, encouraging her, then more applause as he came in her mouth. She held the mike up for Bob again as she began to suck his cock again. 

“Suck me, Baby, make me cum.” One of Bob’s hands was on Susan’s head while the other reached under and played with her tits.

Susan gave Bob the best blowjob of his life, making as much noise as she could with her mouth as she licked and sucked. Her tongue traveled the length of his cock, base to tip, pausing at the sensitive spot on the underside below the slit, licking side to side, then back down to his balls as she lifted and licked. As she enjoyed herself and pleasured Bob, she talked into the mike, describing his cock and what she was doing, how much she loved it in a soft, sexy, lustful voice. 

Bob was about as far as he could go, ready to either cum or bust, and Susan realized it. She felt his legs were stiffening and she said quickly into the mike; “Cum for me, Baby, cum in my mouth,” just before she slid her lips around his cock, sucking, pumping him with one hand. (She wanted to catch his cum, partly because she liked it and partly because she hated having cum in her hair. She enjoyed cum anywhere else: in her mouth, her pussy, anywhere else on her body. She thought briefly about having Bob sometime cum on her tits, coating them, then making him clean them with his tongue . . mmmm. (But that is another story.) 

Bob’s hand pushed down on the back of Susan’s head as he thrust into her mouth and began to cum, shooting, spurting. “GGGGGNNNNNNNNNNNN.” His head went back as his voice filled the car. Susan swallowed, gulping, knowing his balls were filled with cum he had tried to ejaculate several times in the restaurant when she had prevented him. It was worth the wait for someone who liked the taste of cum and it was all she could do to keep up with him, swallowing quickly, gulping, until the spurts became smaller and further apart. 

As Susan milked the last cum from Bob’s cock and swallowed, she heard him gasp. “Oh, Baby! That was wonderful! Wonderful!” 

“MMMMMMMMM. Your cum tastes great - - and you gave me sooooooo much, Lover! I wasn’t sure I could swallow it all.” Her comments were both for Bob and the trucker’s benefit. 

Sitting up, Susan held the mike to her lips. “Shit, guys! I love sucking cock. I love the taste of cum in my mouth. I love the feel of cum spurting and running down my throat. I love it, but that’s all from me for now. Did any of you cum?” 

She released the button and she and Bob listened, laughing. “You could suck me anytime, Baby.” “Please, please tell me where I can meet you. I’ll pay you anything you want.” “Change to channel 26 and talk with me.” “That’s the hottest thing I ever heard on the road.” Then a woman’s voice: “I would love to eat your pussy, or have you eat mine, girlfriend.” 

When the airwaves finally quieted a bit, Susan responded. “That’s all very nice and I am flattered. But no one answered my question. Did anyone cum while you were listening?” 

“Yessssss! I did. I stroked my cock and now have cum all over my shirt. One trucker, at least, was honest, but Susan knew from her experience with men that others had too. 

Bob and Susan grinned at each other and Bob said, “Thanks. You were great!” 

“I know.” Susan replied, self-assured, not cocky, noticing that Bob’s dick was still very hard. She reached over and began to play again as Bob put the car in gear and pulled back onto the interstate. 

They turned the dome light off as they continued toward home, Susan playing with Bob’s cock while his hand was between her legs, fingers sometimes inside her and at other times petting, playing with her lips and clit. 

At one point, Bob’s finger travel down past Susan’s pussy and he felt her jump as he touched her puckered asshole. 

“So, you said in the restaurant that you like to be licked both front and back?” Bob asked, his voice filled with excitement. 

“Back and front.” Susan replied, snuggling into his arm, knowing the week with Bob’s wife gone would be great fun. “Any man who wants to eat my pussy had better be prepared to lick my asshole. I love having my asshole tongue-fucked.” 

“Ohhhhhh.” Bob had never tried that, not that he had never thought about it. He had just never gotten up the courage to try it with his wife, especially since they had practically stopped having sex for the year. As seldom as he had sex, he was not about to say something that might disgust his wife so she would cut him off altogether. He was, however, very hot thinking about licking Susan’s asshole. His finger was touching it now and wet and lubricated with pussy honey. He pushed slowly, feeling himself enter to the first knuckle, then to the second, hearing Susan moan with pleasure. 

Susan was squirming, feeling very hot, imagining that Bob’s finger was his tongue when she saw a truck up ahead in the right lane. Suddenly, she wanted more. She moved Bob’s hand from between her legs and laid down, her head in his lap, knees bent and apart. 

“Pull up beside that truck and pass it slowly, Baby.” Susan instructed Bob. I want him to see you playing with me. It would turn me on sooooo much. Turn on the overhead light so he can see us.” 

As they pulled up to the truck, she looked up, seeing the driver was male and with the truck window being so much higher than the window of the car, she knew he could look down and see her clearly. 

“Slower, Baby.’ Susan said, as she noticed they were almost getting out of the driver’s eyesight. “I want him to see us. I want to turn him on. I want him to cum watching us.” 

She knew he had seen her by the way the truck began to speed up, catching and keeping even with them. 

Susan could see the mike in his hand and hear his voice as she looked up at him. “Hey, I have a naked woman in the car beside me. She’s lying on the front seat. I can’t tell is she is looking up at me or has her eyes closed.” 

The airwaves became a mess as truckers spoke, asking questions. The trucker described her as having brown hair and nice tits. He told the other truckers that her legs were spread and a man was playing with her pussy with his hand. He wished he could see her more clearly. 

“Next truck.” Susan laughed to Bob. As they moved quickly ahead, they heard the driver they had passed describe their car and when they reached the next truck, the driver was waiting. 

“God, I’d love to have my face between her legs.” Was the first thing they heard over the CB. 

They allowed the trucker to keep up with them for several minutes. As they listened to him talk and the comments of the other driver, Susan took Bob’s hand that was playing with her pussy and put it on her right breast. Then she replaced his with her own, petting herself between her legs. 

“She’s playing with her fucking pussy!” The driver’s excited gasp crackled over the CB. 

“Next?” Bob asked. 

Susan nodded, saying, “This is fun. I am so goddamn hot. You know you are going to stay at my house tonight and we are going to fuck all night.” 

“And tomorrow too, if you want.” Bob responded. “I’m going to call in tomorrow.” 

“Yessssss.” Susan hissed with anticipation. “And I am going to collect from our bet.”

“MMMMMMM,” Bob responded. “Anything you desire.” 

“Anything?” 

“Anything!” 

If it was possible, Susan became wetter as she considered what she would exact as her reward. They would be at her house, which she had set it up to enhance her sexual pleasure. She enjoyed some activities that would be considered kinky, and would enjoy introducing Bob to them. She hoped he would like them as much as she did. 

She was brought back to the present as she realized they were even with the cab of the next truck. They could hear the trucker announcing their arrival and giving more details of the naked woman playing with herself. 

“Oh Shit! I can see her playing with herself. She’s looking right at me. She knows I am watching. Oh Shit!” 

Susan was so hot by now that with only a couple of finger strokes on her clit, she began to cum, back arching, body stiffening, face grimacing, screaming loudly. This was by far her most enjoyable climax of the evening; she was able to completely turn loose. The two in the restaurant had been fun, exciting, knowing she was cuming in a room filled with people. She had wanted to scream, “I’m CCUUMMIIINNNGGG!!” Wanted them all to hear, have them watch her body writhe. As she climaxed in the car, she imagined she had done just that, but knowing that at the time she had had to be more restrained, discreet. She had been aware that some, especially the waiter with the large cock, had known she was having a climax, but had been afraid to make it too loud and obvious. 

In the car, she now came for what seemed forever, fingering her clit, lost in ecstasy, unable to hear the trucker describing her climax. When she finished and began to catch her breath, she noticed that Bob had been holding the mike over her mouth as she came, and began to hear the words cuming over the CB from truckers. 

“I don’t believe it! God, she actually came in the car - - while I was watching! Did you hear that shit?” 

Other drivers joined in, talking, and Bob sped up, leaving the truck behind. 

“Let me have your fingers, Baby, the ones you had in your pussy.” Bob gasped, and when Susan held her fingers to his mouth and he eagerly sucked her juices. He had still not had the pleasure of actually licking her pussy, putting his tongue inside, sucking out her nectar, swallowing. He breathed hard, imaging, hardly able to contain himself and wait. 

Susan knew she had she had been very wet, that her pussy juices had been so heavy that they had run out of her pussy and down her crack between her ass cheeks. She feared that she had gotten Bob’s car seat wet. Lifting her ass and reaching under, feeling the seat, she confirmed her fears. 

“I’ve leaked all over your car seat, Baby. I’m sorry. Hope it doesn’t stain.” 

“I hope it does.” Bob retorted. “I would love to look down every time I get into the car and be reminded that your lovely, sexy ass and pussy were right there at one time.”

Susan grinned, pleased with the thought. She had “marked” her new territory and she knew that if she desired, Bob was hers, and she would see him again. 

By this time, they were approaching the outskirts of the town they lived in. It had been a very quick trip for both of them. Susan still lay nude on the seat with her head in Bob’s lap, one hand reaching, playing with his erection, knowing that it would give her more pleasure before the night was over, and the end of the next day. Bob drove with one hand playing with Susan’s breasts and then caressing as far down her body as he could reach. 

Susan reached for her purse and took out the garage door opener, handing it to Bob. She had a double garage and her car was the only one in it. They could pull into the garage and go into the house without having to get dressed. 
