 Chapter Three: Susan Collects on Her Bet and Bob’s Ass Is on the Line

Bob could hardly believe it. He was sitting with a nude, beautifully sexy woman in her living room, talking. He was nude too, and both she and he were sipping wine. They talked about this and that: their lives, their likes and dislikes. Although he loved her tits and ass, he was aware that she was much more than that. She was intelligent, witty, caring - - a dream woman. It was the whole package that made her so irresistibly sexy. 

Soft now, and enjoying the conversation, laughing with her, Bob was always aware of Susan’s sheer sexiness. Periodically, his cock would stiffen as he thought, focusing again on Susan’s body as she sat in a large chair across from him, slouched a bit, one foot on the floor and the other over the side of the chair, allowing him to see heaven - - the place he knew he would soon be kissing, licking, probing with his tongue - - fucking. Then he would focus more on her words, and his cock would soften and lie flaccid. 

All of this was not lost on Susan, who enjoyed watching Bob’s cock alternately rise and fall. She imagined walking across the room and kneeling between his legs, sucking and licking him to another climax, or spreading her legs and sitting on his erection, either facing him or with her ass in his lap so he could reach around her and hold her tits. As with Bob, though, she enjoyed just talking; he was very nice. She found herself almost flushing with desire, aware of her wetness, and then her passion would as she became engrossed in the conversation again. This repeated itself with Susan again and again as they talked. 

Both noticed that it was getting light outside. They had arrived at Susan’s home quite late and had been talking for a long time, although it seemed to each of them like mere minutes. 

“Shall we get something to eat?” Susan asked, after commenting about the daylight. 

“Yes, I want something to eat.” Bob replied. Susan’s legs were slightly spread and his eyes riveted on her pussy. 

Susan followed his eyes, looked down at herself and blushed, feeling warm desire fill her body. Moving to his hands and knees, Bob crawled over to her as she spread her legs further and kissed her pussy gently, then with passion. As his tongue slid easily into her warm, wet opening, Susan put her hands on the back of his head, pulling him to her, ready now for more. Her back arched as he sucked her lips into his mouth, one at a time, pulling gently, teasing, then sucking both in, licking between them with his tongue. She moaned deeply as his lips closed gently on her clit and sucked, his tongue caressing the tip, moving softly in small circles. 

She loved being eaten, and discovered that Bob was very good at it. His tongue licked up and down her clit, paying special attention to the tip each time. Then his lips locked around it and his tongue flicked from side to side, the bottom of his tongue touching it lightly with each pass. Both of Susan’s legs were now over Bob’s back and she hunched his face as he gently sucked her clit in and out of his mouth, then began licking again. 

Bob sensed her breath quicken and her leg muscles tighten. He knew she was about to cum, but was not ready for that yet. Lifting his head and standing, Bob picked Susan up and held her in his arms, asking where the bedroom was. Susan directed him and he carried her there, laying her gently on the bed, stomach down. When she tried to turn over, he put a hand on her back, applying gentle but firm pressure, letting her know he wanted her in this position. 

Straddling Susan’s legs, facing her back, Bob began to rub her shoulders with both hands, moving down her back to her ass and back up again. Each time his hands touched her ass, it would involuntarily thrust up. As his hands continued to roam over her back, always moving to and caressing her ass with each pass, Susan sighed deeply. She loved his gentle feel and anticipated that something more, something special was about to transpire. 

Soon it did. Bending, Bob began kissing Susan’s neck and shoulders, alternating with rubbing. She felt his tongue touch her, licking briefly, then his hands and lips again. As he moved down, making love to her back, Susan began to gasp and moan softly with pleasure and lust. 

“Ohhhhhh. mmmmm. Ohhhh ggggoooddddd.” 

When Bob’s lips and tongue moved past the small of her back, Susan’s soft, rounded ass cheeks began to move, uncontrollably, up and down, side to side. Then he stopped, and she almost cried with disappointment. She had wanted him to continue licking down her back to the tight opening between her butt cheeks, to lick her asshole. She had hoped, thought he was about to. But . . 

Then Susan felt Bob lift her right foot, massaging and kissing it, licking her foot, her toes. Shuddering with delight, she gasped, “Between the toes!” 

Bob wasn’t sure what she wanted, but spread her big toe and toe next to it and licked between them. He was rewarded with a scream of delight and continued licking, enjoying her small screams, moans, and groans of pleasure. He moved to the next two toes, separating them and licking between, drawing more screams and moans; then the next two, and then the next. Looking between her legs, he could see the sex-wetness seeping out, and wanted to taste it again as he had done in the restaurant last night, to swallow it, but Susan seemed to be enjoying what he was doing so much that he continued. He could taste her love honey again later. 

Moving to her left foot, Bob continued kissing and licking, spreading her toes, licking between them. Before he reached the last pair, Susan was screaming, “Fuck me now! I need to be fucked not, Lover! Now!” 

Ignoring Susan’s pleas, Bob continued until he finished with all her toes, then began rubbing, kissing and licking his way up her legs as he had done with her back. This time, when he reached her ass, he covered each cheek with kisses and licks, sucking gently here and there. 

Just when Susan thought she could wait no longer, she felt Bob’s hands separating her ass cheeks and heard him whisper. “Back and front.” She gasped as she felt his lips touch her tight rosebud, kissing; she thrust her ass up hard as his tongue touched her, licking up and down slowly, then faster, flicking up and down and side to side. Her hips were trusting up and down she gave a large thrust when she felt the tip of his tongue touch her and began to penetrate her opening. 

Relaxing her sphincter muscles as best she could, she screamed, “OH GOD!” as she felt him slide inside her. She felt his tongue move slowly in and out of her asshole. 

“Fuck my ass with your tongue.” Susan screamed in ecstasy. “Tongue-fuck me, Lover!” 

Bob was beside himself, loving the way this lovely woman was responding, so turned on by her. He mashed his face into her soft cheeks, keeping them separate, not needing his hands now, pushing his tongue in as far as he could. He felt her tight asshole gripping, hugging, loving his tongue as he quickly slid it in and out of her, his moans of delight mixed with hers. Easily sliding two fingers into her soaked pussy, he finger-fucked her, as he tongue-fucked her ass. His other hand reached under her, playing with one of her hard nipples. 

Susan gasped with dismay as she felt Bob move his fingers and his tongue, but caught herself as he turned her over, looked into her eyes, then lowered his head between her legs again. Grasping her legs, he pushed them up. She bent them and grasped under her knees pulling. Now he had access to both front and back. 

Bob licked Susan’s pussy and then slid his tongue in and out, moaning with pleasure. He looked up and Susan raised her head. Their eyes locked as Bob tongue- fucked her pussy. She grabbed a pillow and put it under her head, keeping it raised so she would watch his eyes as he ate her, and Bob was not about to break their gaze. It was as though their spirits touched at that moment, bonding them intimately, as Bob’s tongue moved to touch her asshole again, licking, then licking its way back to her pussy. He moved his nose to her pussy and dipped it in briefly, coating it with her fragrant nectar, filling his senses with her. 

As he licked and ate, pleasuring Susan - - and himself - - both of Bob’s hands were reaching up and cupping her breasts, playing. His fingers and thumbs grasped her hard but sensitive nipples, rolling them. She writhed with pleasure at his touch. 

Susan felt Bob’s tongue flatten on her asshole, then lick slowly up to her pussy, plunge in and out, and lick her lips and clit. It moved back to her asshole, repeating, licking slowly all the way again, ending on her clit. She screamed with pleasure as this continued again, and again, and again, feeling disappointment when Bob finally stopped. She watched as he moved up beside her, saw her pussy juices glistening on his face - - her mark on him. 

Bending, Bob began to play with Susan’s breasts, sucking on one nipple, then the other, moving back and forth. Her chest arched, pushing her nipples to him as they almost begged for more pleasure. As he sucked her nipples, one of his hands was between her legs, a finger sliding in and out and then moving to play with her clit. 

Bob kissed Susan on the forehead, wanting to kiss her on the lips, but not knowing what she thought about tasting herself on his lips, then moved over her in a 69 position, lowering his face between her legs as he lowered his cock to her lips. He kissed her pussy again, sliding his tongue in and out. He found her very wet and put his lips around her pussy, sucking, licking, swallowing her honey. He slid his mouth and tongue down further, licking her asshole again and then moved back to her wet pussy and up to her clit. 

As Bob’s tongue alternated between asshole, pussy and clit, pleasuring her, Susan was also busy. Gripping Bob’s cock above her with one hand, she wrapped her lips around the mushroom head, sucking as she pumped him. She felt the head of his cock almost leave her lips and then slide inside again, almost leave and slide back inside . . . . As she sucked, she wondered - - would he like her to- -???? Only one way for her to find out. 

Taking his cock out of her lips, Susan put her middle finger in her mouth, getting it wet, then put her wet finger on his asshole, and as she began to suck his cock again, pushed it slowly but firmly. She heard Bob grunt as it slid inside. When it was all the way in, she began fucking his ass with her finger as she sucked him. From his movements, breathing and grunts, she knew he wouldn’t last long without cuming, nor would she. She was right; she felt him stiffen and thrust, and had to put her hands on him to keep him from pushing his cock into her throat in his lust. She felt his cock swell slightly and jerk as a spurt hit the back of her mouth. Her swallowing this time was reflex, to keep from choking on his cum. She kept pace, swallowing as he came, feeling with her tongue his head swell with each spurt and then contract to swell again with the next. 

As the last of his cum dribbled out, Bob lowered his head to Susan’s crotch to help her finish also, but Susan closed her legs and locked her ankles, stopping him. 

“Not yet, Baby. I am very hot now and ready to claim the winnings from out bet.” 

Bob turned around, looking at her, inquisitively. 

“I have something special planned, Lover, and you did say you would do anything.” 

Bob nodded, knowing that at this moment, he would do anything for this intelligent, lovely, funny, sexy creature. “Who do you want me to kill? He laughed. 

“Don’t need to you kill anyone, Lover - - at least not yet.” She laughed back. “I just want to fuck your ass.” 

“Fuck my ass?” Bob was startled. 

“Yes, fuck your ass.” Susan said calmly, walking over to her dresser and taking out a strapon harness with a dildo. 

Bob’s breath caught. He had heard about women doing this to men, and to be truthful, had sometimes fantasized about it, but now that it was time to try, he a bit of apprehension mixed with anticipation. 

“Oh Shit!” Bob laughed, then said. “A bet’s a bet, and I never welsh on a bet.” He watched as Susan, grinning all the while, stepped into the harness, pulled it up around her sexy hips and fastened it, making it appear that she had a cock sticking out just above her pussy. He felt almost embarrassed that she looked strangely sexy with her tits and “her cock.” The cock was long, but its diameter was small so as to not cause too much pain. As he watched, he realized that he was very, very hard, imagining how it would feel. 

“On your back, lover.” Susan said, watching him lie on his back, legs spread. “Lift your legs and grab your knees with both hands. Hold your legs apart.” 

Bob complied and Susan got on the bed on her knees between his legs, holding on one hand a tube of sex lubricant. She squirted some of it on “her” cock, rubbing it, getting it slippery, then some onto Bob’s asshole, rubbing it over and pushing it inside with her fingers, making sure he was well lubricated. She slid her fingers in and out several times, watching his eyes. Reassured by the pleasure and anticipation she saw there, she put the head of “her” cock on his asshole, she began to push in, continuing to watch his face as she did. 

Actually, this was Susan’s first time to fuck a man in the ass; her first time to use a strapon. She had watched a woman use a strapon to fuck a man in the ass in a movie recently and then gone online to find and order her own. She had been hoping for a chance to use it, a man who would let her. Now, she had one. 

Bob grimaced with a bit of pain, feeling his asshole tighten up instinctively. Seeing the pain, Susan stopped. 

Taking a deep breath, he said: “Sorry, Baby. I tightened up. Let me try to relax my sphincter muscles and let you in.” 

She waited and let Bob breathe deeply a few times, then began to push the head of her cock into his ass, slowly. 

Bob felt the head enter his opening, felt his ass stretch again with some pain and then Susan backed out. He watched her lubricate again, and then felt her push, going further inside this time. She backed out again, almost all the way, and pushed in again, going still further. She continued, withdrawing some and pushing in, until she felt her hips against his ass, “her” entire six inches inside him. 

The pain was subsiding by now, and Bob watched the lovely woman above him, this woman who was smiling and enjoying him. He smiled back as she began to fuck him, slowly at first, sliding all the way in, most of the way out, then back in again. He breathed deeply as he took her thrusts. 

As she fucked Bob’s ass, Susan looked into his face, wanting to watch his eyes, his expression. She thought that only two kinds of men would let her fuck them like this: a very, emasculated man or one who was very confident about his sexuality. Many men would see a woman fucking their ass as compromising their manhood. 

God, she thought, this was so very hot. She was above him, in control, fucking him like a man fucks a woman. The more she thought about, the more she wanted to fuck Bob, fuck him hard. Keeping her cock inside him, Susan straightened her legs and leaned over him, holding herself on her hands. Now she could get some real leverage for her hips. She began thrusting faster now, fucking his forcefully enough to bring a grunt from her with each trust as her hips hit his ass cheeks. 

“Fuck me, Baby.” She heard Bob say as she looked into his lust filled eyes. With each thrust, her cock completely disappeared into his ass. She wanted to fuck him hard - - not actually hurt him, but perhaps dominate somewhat, loving his grunt with the force of each thrust. 

She felt masterful, powerful, in control as she fucked this man’s ass, and yet somehow, she wanted to love and please him. The more she fucked, the hotter she felt, until she knew she needed relief. 

Withdrawing, Susan stood on the bed and removed the strapon, looking down at Bob, seeing his asshole that was still trying to close, his lovely erection. She wanted his cock inside her now, deep inside her, fucking her, but she was not ready to give up the sense of control she had had. She still wanted to be on top. 

“Turn loose of your legs and stay on your back.” She told Bob, who complied, hoping he knew what she was going to do. 

Straddling his hips and lowering herself, Susan grasped Bob’s cock and guided it to her pussy and slid quickly down over it, feeling it fill her. This was the first time she had felt Bob’s cock in her pussy and she loved it. She began to move up and down as Bob thrust into her forcefully. Both wanted to fuck - - needed to fuck - - fuck like wild animals. She grabbed his hair, pulling hard, screaming, lost in lust as he grabbed her bouncing tits, pinching her nipples harder than he realized. They would both be sore later, but right now, who the hell cared. 

“AAHHHHHHH! GGGGOOOODDD!!!!” Bob exploded inside her. This was his third climax and there was not as much cum, but the climax was still very hard, very passionate as he pushed hard up inside her. 

Susan had not cum yet during this session and was feeling lustful, wanting to stay in control, push the limits and go further than she had gone before. She wanted to see if she would make this man don something no other man had done for her before, something she had only fantasized about. Looking into Bob’s eyes, she raised up off his cock, putting her hand under her, trapping his cum inside her along with her love honey. Slowly, keeping his gaze, she moved up over him on her knees, still straddling him until her legs were on either side of his head. Then she moved her hand, sighed deeply, and lowered herself, letting her wet pussy touch his mouth. 

Bob wasn’t sure what he should do. He felt her pussy on his lips and knew she wanted him to eat her, but wondered if he should taste his own cum. Or should he just push her off him. 

“Eat me, Baby, and taste both of us together.” Susan said in a husky, lust filled voice. “I have always wanted a man to eat me after he fucked me. Do that for me, Baby; lick your cum out of my pussy.” 

Bob no longer had any questions. He knew he would do anything for Susan, anything she desired. Opening his mouth, he felt liquid dropping inside. It didn’t taste bad at all, and hearing Susan’s deep sigh of pleasure, he wouldn’t have stopped if it had. He slid his tongue up inside her sopping wet pussy, tasting the wetness that was partly hers and partly his. He licked the inside and outside of her glorious cunt as liquid continued to drip out. 

As Bob ate her, Susan hunched her clit against his nose and it took only a few touches for her to cum, grabbing the back of his head with both hands, pulling as though she were trying to put it inside her pussy. She screamed, fucking his mouth, as he licked her, cuming for what seemed hours. Finally she let his head go, gasping for breath. Bob continued to kiss and lick her wet pussy until she rolled off him, lying on the bed beside him. Bending over, he kissed her on the lips, so she could taste them both. 

“This has been wonderful.” Susan sighed. 

“It is still wonderful, Babe.” Bob replied, grinning at her. 

“Yes, it is.” Susan responded, smiling. “And we still have the rest of today and tonight. What do you want to do?” 

“Talk and fuck.” Bob replied, laughing. “Talk and fuck. And we will have more than just today.” 

Picking up the phone, Bob called his office and told them he would be out, likely for the rest of the week. If they needed him, they could call him on his cell. 

As Bob hung up and kissed her, Susan smiled again. Yes, she thought, there would be a lot of both talking and fucking, but now they needed some sleep. As she kissed Bob and prepared to go to sleep in his arms, she thought about the scene in the restaurant last night, having Bob play with her pussy and cuming in a room full of people. Stroking him and making him cum, knowing that some people in the room knew what they were doing. She imagined that they were having sex, not just playing with each other, but fucking and sucking each other as others watched. She realized that she was something of an exhibitionist and loved having an audience for her sex. Perhaps, she thought, as she drifted off to sleep, they might sometime satisfy more of that fetish.