 Bobbi was a flute player and majorette in Mr. Kay's band. She had long lusted after Mr. Kay but knew he was married; she also suspected that he was getting it on with the new student teacher, Amy. Bobbi couldn't wait until her 18th birthday so that she could finally fulfill her every wish. She was going to have Mr. Kay "On the 50 yard-line" before she graduated. 

Bobbi had been dreaming about Mr. Kay since she was a freshman in high school. Even going into her senior year Bobbi was petite with small perky breasts. She stood 5' 2" tall and weighed about 95 pounds. Whenever he would walk down the hallway she could hear his keys jingle and her pussy would start to get wet immediately. The tingle would start at the edge of her pussy lips and would grow quickly. She could feel her pussy getting wet with the anticipation of seeing him. When she could, Bobbi would put her hands between her legs and rub her tingling pussy through her panties. As Mr. Kay came around the corner Bobbi's wet cunt would pulse in anticipation. She knew that there was no way he would ever touch her until she was of legal age. This did not stop her from dreaming and masturbating time after time while home alone.

While Bobbi waited for the magic day she turned 18 she kept herself busy. There were several "boys" to keep her mind and her body occupied, but none of them ever made her feel the way Mr. Kay did just by looking at her. She would close her eyes and imagine that it was Mr. Kay on top of her and when the boys would finish and leave, always too quickly, she would finish herself off by thinking of Mr. Kay.

The day finally arrived, it was the middle of June and Bobbi's 18th birthday came between her junior and senior year of high school. Bobbi wasted little time with her plans to have Mr. Kay as her lover. Bobbi suffered through the family birthday celebration but her mind was on other celebrations. Several times during the course of the afternoon Bobbi would lock herself in the bathroom and dream about Mr. Kay's hands touching her pert little breasts and running down her tummy to softly caress her hairless pussy. Her hands would trace the path that she imagined he would take to find her wet, open, wanting love canal. As she thought of HIM her hands would slowly caress her swollen clit and her fingers would slide in and out of her pussy. 

The first day of summer band practice was the day after Bobbi's birthday. She woke up early so that she had time to put on just the right clothes that she knew would drive Mr. Kay wild. She started with her new black, see through bra with pink lace around the edges. Next came the matching pair of panties, also see through with pink lace around the waistband and the leg holes. The panties were cut to fit just above her love mound. The back was just high enough to cover the crack of her ass. Next came a short black skirt that rose up to show her panties when she sat down. She sat in front of a mirror to make sure that when she sat down in front of Mr. Kay he would be able to get a clear shot of the treasure underneath. Satisfied with the length and the view, Bobbi then put on a top that allowed her perky breasts to be accentuated and a hint of the lace trim could be seen from the top.

As Bobbi drove herself the 5 miles to school for band practice she could feel her pussy start to get moist in anticipation. It was all she could do to not stop and rub her pussy and bring herself to an orgasm. By the time she arrived her panties were already soaked with her love juices. She got out of her car and realized her legs were weak. She walked up the few steps to the band room to find that several other students had already arrived. Trying hard not to show her disappointment Bobbi found her seat in the front row and prepared for rehearsal. 

Band practice lasted an hour. During that whole time Bobbi would scoot down in her chair anytime Mr. Kay would look her way. She would spread her legs to give him a clear shot of her panties she had worn just for him. He never even made eye contact with her the entire time. He didn't even seem to notice that she was putting on a show for him. And to top it off, Amy, the student teacher, was introduced as the new assistant band director. This meant that she would be around even more than before. 

As rehearsal ended the students were hanging out in the band room chatting when the band historian pulled out her camera. One of the trombone players thought it would be funny to pull Bobbi's skirt down and have the historian take a picture of her in nothing but her panties. He snuck up behind her and pulled her skirt down with one quick pull. The historian snapped a picture at just the right moment. All the students started to laugh as Bobbi screamed. Mr. Kay came over to see what all the commotion was about as Bobbi grabbed her skirt pulling it up and running out the door. Her whole plan for seducing Mr. Kay was ruined. 

Bobbi ran to the bathroom to pull herself together and sat down to wait for everyone to leave. After ten minutes there was a knock on the door. Mr. Kay was outside the bathroom asking her if she was OK. She got up enough courage to open the door and come out into the hallway. Mr. Kay could see the tears on Bobbi's face and reached up to brush them away. He told her that he personally deleted the picture that was taken and severely reprimanded the students involved. Then the unbelievable happened. Mr. Kay offered to drive Bobbi home because she was too upset to drive herself. Finally, she thought, I will have him all to myself.

By this time all the other students had left and there was no one in the building except for Mr. Kay and Bobbi. They went to the band room and then into Mr. Kay's office. He told her he just had a couple of things to finish up and then he would take her home. As she sat there watching him work that all too familiar feeling between her legs started to grow. She could feel her pussy start to moisten and the tingle in her clit made her squirm in the chair. Mr. Kay turned to look at her and couldn't help but see her sitting there, vulnerable and beautiful. 

Mr. Kay had noticed the short skirt earlier and had to work very hard not to stare at Bobbi's panties. He couldn't let the other band students know that he wanted Bobbi as much as she wanted him. He cautiously moved and sat next to her on the couch. He could tell she was feeling better about the picture incident but was still not her usual perky self. As he sat next to her he could smell her sex rising from between her legs. His cock jumped in his pants immediately. The sudden urge to rip her clothes off and fuck her right there in the office was overwhelming.

Mr. Kay knew that Bobbi had a plan to fuck him on the 50-yard line of the football field. He had overheard her talking to some of her friends about her desire. He, also, had been waiting for her to finally turn 18 so that he could help her in her quest. As he sat next to her and talked his cock grew harder with each passing moment. The first time he placed his hand on her shoulder the atmosphere between them was electric.

Mr. Kay placed his hand gently on her knee. This caused her to tremble in anticipation. As they talked his hand slowly moved up her leg to her thigh. She could see the bulge in his pants grow; so she slid down on the couch causing her skirt to rise up exposing her now soaking panties. The sight of her sitting there exposed and the look of wanton lust in her eyes drove all reasonable thought out of Mr. Kay's mind. All thoughts of right and wrong went away. He knew he was going to finally have this young nubile sex kitten. 

Bobbi lay back on the couch and pulled her skirt up to her waist as she spread her legs Mr. Kay slid down and started kissing her inner thigh. Soft gentle kisses that sent tingles up and down her entire body. His kisses got closer and closer to her soaking pussy. As his mouth reached the spot where her leg met her body, that soft sensitive spot just before her pussy, he kissed her ever so lightly and could feel her tense up. A soft gentle kiss right on her pussy mound and then over to the other side and down her thigh. As he came back up to her pussy his mouth rested on her soaking panties. His nose was right above her clit and his tongue slowly came out of his mouth and licked lightly on her pussy lips through her panties. She pushed into him and ground her pussy into his mouth. His nose hit her clit and she started to shake. Her legs began to twitch and her tummy started to flutter, she knew that her first orgasm with Mr. Kay was going to be her biggest one ever. Bobbi couldn't hold back any longer. She ground her pussy mound into Mr. Kay's face, her legs came up and wrapped around his head. She held him there as her entire body now convulsed with an orgasm that caused her to scream. Wave after wave of intense pleasure filled her young body. She had never experienced an orgasm like this with any of her young lovers, and it was even more intense then she had imagined when she was masturbating thinking about Mr. Kay.

Mr. Kay rode the waves of her orgasm and didn't let up. He wanted her to experience the most intense orgasm ever. He continued to drive his face into her pulsating pussy. Her hips were bucking wildly so he grabbed her firm ass to hold her close. He would back off just enough to catch a breath and then dive back in to continue the pressure on her clit and pussy. Finally he released her and grabbed her panties at each hip. He pulled her panties off and brought them to his face to smell the wonderful aroma that caused his cock to grow even more. 

He dove back down and began to slide his tongue across her now soaked pussy. He lapped up her juices and stuck his tongue deep into her. He began to fuck her with his tongue pressing his nose on her swollen clit. He held on to her ass and buried his face as her second orgasm took over her entire body. Mr. Kay licked and sucked and held on, not letting her go until she had gone through multiple orgasms. Finally after what seemed like hours of extreme pleasure he let go so she could catch her breath.

Bobbi lay back exhausted and came down from her euphoric high. Seeing the bulge in Mr. Kay's pants she knew he would need release. Now it was time for her to take control and pay him back for the orgasms she just experienced. Bobbi slid down to the floor and pushed Mr. Kay over on his back. She slowly unzipped his pants releasing his massive 9-inch cock that looked to be as big around as her wrist. Her eyes took in all the glory of this beautiful love organ. She slowly opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the tip of his cock. She licked down the side and sucked his balls into her mouth and then back up the other side, resting in the tip again. She opened her lips and inched his massive cock into her mouth. The sensations of her warm mouth wrapped around his cock sent chills up his spine.

She took him in slowly inching her way down his shaft. Just when Mr. Kay thought she couldn't take in any more she dove deeper, finally engulfing his entire love muscle. She slid back up his cock and dove down again. She proceeded to deep throat him and sucked and pulled his cock like an expert. He couldn't believe that this young nubile vixen was giving him one of the best blowjobs of his life. Mr. Kay closed his eyes and took in all the sensations. Bobbi's warm wet mouth surrounded his cock and as she slid up to the top her tongue would flick over the head. He knew he wouldn't be able to hold out very long. Mr. Kay could feel his balls start to tighten, as his own orgasm was getting close, he grabbed the back of Bobbi's head and held her in place as the first spasm of his orgasm started. He shot his first load of hot cum hitting the back of her throat. She swallowed and sucked him in again as the second shot filled her mouth again. Load after load went into her mouth and she took it all without complaint. She proceeded to lick his throbbing member clean and sucked up every last drop.

Mr. Kay lay back on the couch to catch his breath, but Bobbi wasn't about to let this experience end. She stood up removed her top then unhooked her bra to let her pert breasts free. Her nipples stood erect as she straddled Mr. Kay's hips. He reached up to cup her breasts in his hands, each one fit neatly inside. He slowly pinched and released each nipple. He circled her areolas and pulled on the nipple causing them to stick out even more. The smell of sex was thick inside the office, combined with the sensations in his hands and Bobbi's pussy just inches from his cock he quickly recovered and he began to grow again. Bobbi reached down and wrapped her hand around his growing cock and guided it to the opening of her pussy; which was now dripping again with her love juices.

She felt the tip of his cock enter her pussy and that was all she needed. Bobbi dropped down on Mr. Kay in one quick movement. She took all of his now firmly erect cock into her pulsing pussy. She rode up and down his cock, slowly at first, then her movements started getting quicker. She rode him with all the lust and wanton desire that she had been saving just for him. Her hips would grind into his pubic bone causing her clit to swell and harden. Her actions drove her wild and she fucked him faster and faster. 

Mr. Kay was in heaven. Bobbi's cunt was so tight and inviting, warm and wet, and she was on top of him fucking him for all she was worth. Her body kept rising and falling on top of him. He would thrust his hips up to meet her movements. As they fucked for the first time all the desires and dreams of the last three years came out. Mr. Kay slid his hands down to Bobbi's waist and guided her movements. He sat up and got his legs under him not letting her pussy slip off his cock. He lifted her up and lay her down taking over on top. He spread her legs and pulled her knees up so that he could drive in deeper hitting the back of her pussy. He drove into her until his cock was totally engulfed in her. As he fucked her he pulled her legs up over his shoulders and lost himself inside her. Mr. Kay could feel Bobbi's body begin to quiver as her orgasm started. Her legs shook and her tummy began to flutter. Her pussy started to clinch and release with each thrust. Her orgasm came in waves as she screamed his name over and over again. 

Hearing her scream out his name, Mr. Kay lost all control. His balls tightened again for another explosive orgasm. As Bobbi's screams grew louder they were joined by his own screams of pleasure. His cock erupted inside her shooting wad after wad of his hot sticky cum deep inside her. 

The two of them fell back totally exhausted from the sound fucking they had both just experienced. Without saying anything they both had the same thought. They WERE going to fuck on the 50-yard line by the end of her senior year.