 After that first encounter shortly after her 18th birthday Bobbi and Mr. Kay found that they could not find as much time as each of them wanted to be alone. There were always other students around or the new assistant band teacher Amy was about doing her thing and drawing Mr. Kay's attention away from Bobbi. Bobbi had long suspected that Mr. Kay and Amy were having an affair but she could never catch them in the act. All Bobbi wanted was the opportunity to fuck Mr. Kay every chance she got, and to eventually get him out on the 50 yard line.

Band Camp was fast approaching and Bobbi began to make plans on how she was going to lure Mr. Kay out of his cabin and into her bed. She would lay awake at night and remember that first time in his office, her pussy would tingle at the thought of him and when she touched her swollen clit and slid a finger inside her wet pussy the memories would come flooding back. It didn't take long before her body would quiver and begin to shake as her orgasm took over. She knew she needed him inside her again.

Band Camp arrived and the students started filing onto the busses to transport them to their camp. Bobbi had strategically placed herself across the aisle from Mr. Kay so that she could tease him the entire 2-hour trip to the camp. She knew that Amy would be on the second bus so there should be no competition for Mr. Kay's attention. Bobbi wore her favorite skirt for the trip to camp. The skirt was short enough to allow for open viewing without too much sliding around. She didn't want to draw the attention of everyone on the bus, only Mr. Kay. Underneath the skirt she chose to wear her new pink panties. The front was made of sheer pink fabric with lace around the top and legs. 

There was such a build up of anticipation and the air was thick with sexual tension. Bobbi was wet just walking onto the bus. She couldn't wait to have this man inside her once again. As the buses started to roll Bobbi leaned back and uncrossed her legs. She knew that Mr. Kay was watching her every move. She slowly slid her skirt up exposing her well-toned and tanned legs. Her inner thighs were already glistening. As she inched the skirt higher she could see that Mr. Kay was definitely getting aroused. His cock was starting to form a tent inside his shorts.

Bobbi turned her body so that she was facing Mr. Kay. Her skirt was at the top of her thighs exposing her wet panties. She spread her legs so that he could see every inch of her neatly shaved pussy clearly visible through the sheer fabric. Bobbi slid her hands down her legs and caressed her thighs. During each stroke she would bring her hands inside her thighs and pull slightly to expose a hint of pussy on each side of her panty legs. As she paused near her pussy she would slide a finger under the panties and touch her swollen pussy. As she moved her hand out Mr. Kay could see the wetness on her fingers. Slowly and deliberately she caressed her thighs and pussy. With each caress her pussy would get wetter and wetter. Her fingers glistened with her own pussy juice. 

Bobbi was getting herself so worked up teasing Mr. Kay. She slid her hand fully inside her panties and covered her love mound with her palm. Her fingers worked her pussy lips and her thumb found her swollen clit. She closed her eyes and imagined that Mr. Kay had his face buried in her pussy. She closed her legs around her hand and continued to work on her pussy. As she drew near her orgasm her legs started to tremble. She knew she was close and had to bite her lip so that she wouldn't scream out and draw the attention of the other students on the bus. Her first orgasm came hard and she squeezed her legs tight around her had and sat very still. Her pussy was exploding inside and around her hand. 

Mr. Kay watched this entire event mesmerized by this hot young woman and the intense reaction she had just being around him. He knew that his closeness drove her wild. He could smell her sweet sexy scent every time he allowed himself to get close to her. Watching her bring herself to an explosive orgasm sitting on a loaded bus full of other students he realized that he could have her anywhere and everywhere. This was going to be his best band camp ever. He realized that his cock was hard as a rock and fully erect. He was thankful that the busses were equipped with really high seat backs. He grabbed an ice-cold coke out of the cooler and placed it between his legs to keep himself from cumming right there on the bus. That would have caused him a lot of problems if his cock were to explode in his pants.

Mr. Kay looked over at Bobbi as she came down from her euphoria. She looked him in the eye and held his gaze for what seemed like hours. Then she did something totally unexpected. She reached down and slowly slid her panties off. She was careful to not let any other student see what she was doing. She slid her panties past her ass and down her thighs. She then pulled her legs up and slid the panties off her feet. She took them and wiped her dripping pussy, soaking the panties fully. She then rolled them into her hand and got up to reach her bag from under the seat. As she leaned over to get the bag her skirt rode up giving Mr. Kay a full shot of her exposed, bald pussy. Her timing was perfect because the bus went around a curve in the road causing her to fall towards Mr. Kay's seat. She caught herself before falling completely into his lap. She dropped her soaked panties into his lap and turned to sit in her own seat. She then reached into her bag and found a new pair of panties and slid them on.

Mr. Kay looked at the panties in his lap and couldn't believe his luck. He was going to enjoy these later that evening. He bent over and pulled his own bag out from the storage place under his seat and took the opportunity to smell Bobbi's panties. He buried his nose into her panties and inhaled her sweet pussy. Right before he put the panties into his bag he stuck his tongue out and tasted Bobbi's sweet pussy. His cock was hard instantly.

The next 45 minutes went by without much incident. Mr. Kay had to give the bus driver some driving directions and he needed to prepare himself for the assigning of cabins and sleeping arrangements. As he pulled out the map of the camp he made sure that Bobbi's room was in a place where she would be able to sneak out during the night and find his cabin without getting caught by the chaperones. He also made sure that his assistant director Amy had access to him as well. He knew he was going to be fucking Amy during the week but now he also knew he was going to have Bobbi as well. Who knows he might even get them both in the same room at the same time. He always enjoyed watching two women enjoying each other, especially two women that wanted him to be a part of the action as well.

This week was looking more and more promising with each passing mile. When the busses finally arrived at camp Mr. Kay had a plan in mind and was ready for the fun to begin. The busses pulled to a stop and the room and cabin assignments were quickly given out. The students were given some free time before dinner to get settled in to their cabins and to take a shower before meeting in the dining hall. Mr. Kay and Amy went to their secluded cabins away from the kids. After all this was band camp and they needed their sleep to be ready for the long week of music and marching drill. Their cabins were situated right next to each other and were not on the map that the students were given to get around camp. Well most of the students didn't know where they were staying.

Mr. Kay went into his cabin to clean up before dinner and to maybe release some of the tension he had from watching Bobbi masturbate herself to an orgasm on the bus. His mind was on the panties in his bag and he quickly got undressed and retrieved them. He went into the bathroom and brought the panties to his nose. His cock jumped with anticipation as the sweet smell of her pussy hit his nose once again. He began stroking his hard cock when he heard a quiet knock on the door. He slid the panties into his bag and wrapped a towel around him to see who could be bugging him already. To his delight it was Amy. She came into the cabin and shut the door behind her. Seeing Mr. Kay in only a towel got her juices flowing. She had been fucking him for the past year, first, as his student teacher and now as his full time assistant. His wife wasn't giving him what he needed at home and she was more than willing to give him everything he wanted. 

They embraced like two lovers that had not seen each other for weeks even though it was only a couple of hours. Amy could feel the erection under the towel and she couldn't wait to get naked with him. She pulled her shirt off and unhooked her bra exposing her perfect breasts with hard erect nipples. Her shorts came off a little slower since she knew Mr. Kay liked to be teased a little before jumping into bed. She turned her back to him and made a great show of sliding her shorts off her hips and down her legs. Her panties were yellow, one of his favorite colors. They were satin with little pink bows on the side. As she danced for him his erection pushed the towel off his hips and it fell to the floor. Seeing his hard nine-inch cock standing out in front of him sent chills up Amy's spine. She wriggled out of her panties and kicked them aside. She danced her way to him and slid down to her knees taking his cock into her mouth as she did. 

Mr. Kay was in heaven. The warmth of Amy's mouth around his cock made it grow even more. He started to fuck her mouth slowly wanting to enjoy every sensation. He grabbed her head and pulled her closer forcing his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Amy was an expert at giving head and brought him to the brink several times. He pulled his cock out of her mouth and pulled her up turning her around and bending her over the chair exposing her wet inviting cunt. He slid his cock into her slowly at first until he got every inch inside. He started to pump in and out of her sliding is cock to the hilt each time going faster and harder with each stroke. His hands found her clit and he started to rub and pinch her swollen clit with each stroke. The feeling of him inside and the sensations of his fingers on her clit was all Amy needed to get her first orgasm of the week. Her pussy started to clinch around his cock. The muscles tightened up and the quivering in her tummy began to grow. She pushed back against him wanting him to go deeper and faster. He obliged her wishes and drove into her. The teasing he had gotten on the bus was coming back to him and he was going to take it out on this willing woman bent over in front of him.

They came at the same time. His cock exploded and he shot his love seed into her pussy. Shot after shot filled her up. Amy screamed with her own orgasm. Her legs became weak and she squeezed every last drop out of him. They fell into a heap on the floor, exhausted from the tremendous orgasms they both had had. Reality hit home when they realized they had only a few minutes to get ready for dinner. They quickly jumped into the shower together and soaped each other up and down.