 He worked at a nearby business and a daily regular at Smokey's Diner, the type of customer who was every restaurant owner's dream. He never gave anyone trouble, ordered the same menu items, was friendly with the staff, and always left generous tips. 

One waitress, Bobbie Jo, was his favorite. She was definitely his type. In a world of women who were diet-conscious and looked more like adolescent boys than "real" women, he found Bobbie Jo stunning. He guessed her dress size as a 14, maybe 16 maximum. 

Bobbie Jo's curves didn't go unnoticed, and he always made a point of sitting in her section just to look at her, always lost in lustful thoughts about things he could do to her in bed...or maybe other places.

He remained friendly with other waitresses but always made a point to flirt with Bobbie Jo. Sometimes she looked down and blushed; other times she flirted back, often bemused as to why such an attractive man bothered with her when there were far more beautiful women working at the diner and probably had a gorgeous wife or girlfriend waiting for him at the end of each day.

Of course, he always left her a large tip, sometimes worth more than his lunch bill.

He sometimes sat the front counter and chatted with Smokey on Bobbie Jo's days off. During one of their conversations, he asked the jubilant owner about her. Did she live nearby? Was she married? Did she have a boyfriend?

"She lives about fifteen minutes from here," Smokey replied. "She ain't married and far as I know, she's not seeing anyone. Why, you interested?"

His blue-green eyes knowingly sparkled. "I may be."

"Well she's on tomorrow's schedule. Make sure you stop for lunch. She'll be working her regular section near the back rest rooms."

"Thanks, Smokey." He paid the check and left the usual tip. "I'll be in same time tomorrow."

***

He finally got up the nerve to make a move on Bobbie Jo one afternoon after he'd gotten off work early. He spotted her taking a break and heading toward the restrooms. He waited a few minutes before following her, focused on making at least one favorite fantasy about her come true.

***

She had finished freshening up in the ladies' room and prepared to leave when she heard someone turn the knob and gasped when she saw the face of her best customer enter and lock the door behind them.

His eyes fell on her and every bit of passion and desire he'd ever felt for her hit him in an instant. He studied every inch of her generous, full body. Her shoulder length black hair was put up, a few stray tendrils escaping and resting on the back of her neck. 

As his eyes locked on hers, he stepped closer and continued to admire the beauty in front of him. The uniform she wore failed to conceal what he viewed as her true sensuality.

"My God, Bobbie Jo," he said softly. "Do you have any idea how sexy you are?"

"Are you blind? There are far hotter girls out front than my fat ass."

He took her in his arms and smiled. "I happen to love that ass. Why do you think I sit in your section all the time?" he whispered, lips lightly touching hers as he spoke. 

"Prove it to me."

"Oh, that's exactly why I'm in here."

He lowered his head and covered her lips with his, pulling her even closer than before and engaged her in a deep passionate kiss. Feeling the heat from her body, he felt his arousal straining through the rough fabric of his jeans.

Bobbie Jo giggled. "If you're already that hard, mister, I'd like to see how you are after a bit of teasing."

His breath became ragged as she removed his shirt and kissed her way down his torso. "Not...fair...baby..."

She giggled again and reached the zipper of his jeans, undoing them. They fell to the floor and he stepped out of them as she removed her top and bra. She then slipped her fingers inside the waistband of his briefs and yanked them to his ankles. 

He stopped her long enough to forcefully push her against the wall, pinning her with his nakedness. 

He began to trace small circles with his tongue on the delicate skin of her neck and breasts, reached around to hike up her skirt and slid down her panties, his tongue leaving a trail of wetness and sending shivers up her spine. 

It was now clear he wanted her. She reached out, grabbed his throbbing cock, and began to rub the head with her soft fingers.

A moan escaped his lips, letting her know he was more than ready for her. 

"Not yet, honey," she purred and began sliding down the wall, her back still against it, until she squatted in front of him. 

He then felt her hot breath on the head of his erection and closed his eyes. Bobbie Jo's soft tongue lightly flickered across the tip, teasing him. He felt his knees begin to buckle when she swallowed the entire length and sucked him with enthusiasm.

"I can't take much more," he groaned. "I want you so much."

She stood, opened her legs wide, and pulled him against her. "Do it. Fuck me now."

He entered her in one swift motion and they began moving together slowly at first, and then more vigorously. Each stroke became harder, rougher, more intense. The look of sheer ecstasy in Bobbie Jo's eyes and her soft moans made him thrust even faster and harder until she cried out in orgasm. 

His own climax was drawing near, but didn't want the moment with her to end so soon. He slowed his strokes for several minutes before again speeding up when the inevitable couldn't be avoided any longer.

"I'm so close, Bobbie Jo," he panted. "I can't hold off much longer."

"Don't hold back," she growled. "I want to feel you come."

"Oh, God!" he screamed as she felt the beginning of his release. "Oh fuck YES!" 

Feeling him come deep inside her sparked Bobbie Jo's final orgasm, and her body still trembled as they collapsed against each other. 

"Damn, I never thought fucking in a public bathroom could be so damn hot!" he said after catching his breath. "You're definitely sexy as I always imagined."

She quickly cleaned up and dressed while giving him a sensual grin. "I could say the same about you."

"So you've thought about doing something like this too?"

"Maybe, but assumed you had a beautiful woman waiting at home and were flirting with me just to be polite."

"Guess you assumed wrong, baby." He kissed her cheek and tucked a $20 bill into her cleavage. "You've earned yourself an extra tip today. I wrote my number on there, so don't spend it yet."

"Thanks..."

"By the way, where the hell are my manners? I've been having lunch here forever and just had the best sex of my life, yet never introduced myself. I'm Thomas."

She felt flush. "Pleasure to meet you."

"I look forward to hearing from you." He patted her ass. "I left another tip on the table. See you tomorrow, sexy, if not sooner." 

Bobbie Jo studied the bill with a phone number Thomas scratched on it after he left the rest room.

I'll definitely call him tonight after work, she thought with a wicked grin.