 Last fall, I took a construction job working on remote vacation log home for my client, Joe. He needed some help when his general contractor flaked on him. One morning, I took off for Joe's office in Denver. It's in a very affluent complex where the secretaries are referred to ‘assistants' and make more money than most contractors. As I entered the office, I saw Bobbie for the first time. I had spoken with her on the phone many times but this was our first meeting. I almost lost it. 

She was every bit as sexy as her voice with a body that would not quit. She had the look of a 25-year-old athlete but I knew she had to be every bit of 40 years old. She was about 5'7" with a slim waist, long legs, great ass and exceptional tits. She was a perfect hourglass. Framed by her shoulder length auburn hair and sparkling green eyes, her smile just radiated as she greeted me. She said she was glad to meet me and winked as she took me in to see Joe. After maybe 10 minutes, she returned to ask if I wanted a something to drink. I declined but I thought I caught another wink as she left. I took only 15 minutes more going over the house plans with Joe. 

As I left his office, I stopped by her desk to say goodbye and thank her for the offer of a soda. Emboldened by her winks, I am not normally that brave, I asked her to go to lunch with me. She said she was just on her way out and insisted that we ride together. As we got to her car, she said she had a great idea for lunch. I said, "I'm game." 

She just giggled softly. We got in and she drove directly to her condo just a few blocks away. I was more than a little stunned when we pulled into her garage. Before I could protest, she leaned over and planted a wet sensuous kiss on me that made my dick jump to attention. She said that since first hearing my voice on the phone, she had dreamed of meeting me. Joe gave her the afternoon off which she would use to entertain me. I could hardly believe my ears. I am just a hard working guy who could only fantasize that a lady like this would want me. As though in daze, we moved quickly into the condo where both stripped off clothes as we made our way toward the bedroom. 

As we arrived at her huge four-poster bed, I grabbed her up in my arms and gently turned her face down across the bed. She protested a little but I made her squirm in no time. I buried my face in her ass and pulled her hips up to meet my tongue. I slowly licked her clean-shaven pussy lips and rimmed around her ass just for a little extra stimulation. With her knees at the edge of the bed and my hands on her hips, she wiggled to move up on the bed to get some traction. I held her firm and continued to lick her slowly and deliberately. By now, her hands were clutching the bedspread and pulling for all she was worth. She came with that deep guttural scream moan that means, "You hit the spot". I released my grip on her hips and she rolled over to face me. 

Still with her legs dangling off of the high bed, she pulled my face to her breasts and begged me to nibble on the beautiful large brown nipples each surrounded by a silver dollar size areola. I felt obligated to do what the lady said. I always try to please. Her moans and light whimpers started to get to me so I moved back down to her wide-open pussy. I used her legs on my ears to block some of the sounds coming from her. I just love to hear a lady moan but it also drives me crazy. I started with long slow licks of her labia, the inside and tops of her perfectly tanned thighs. I hadn't noticed but she had no tan lines. I took a moment to drink in the sheer beauty of this 40 year old and dove back into her pussy with abandon. I had her squirming and groaning in pleasure within a few minutes. I took her clit into my month, sucking and nibbled ever so lightly to bring her to another earth shaking orgasm. She begged me to stop, saying she wanted to work on me. Who was I to say no?! 

With the grace of an experienced lover, she slipped off the bed, kneeled and grabbed my throbbing cock with her mouth. This was the beginning of a slow torturous blowjob that curled my toes. Still standing, I tried to hold back but she grabbed my balls and milked them for all they were worth. She squeezed them just hard enough to make them tingle. I thought I would blow my load in seconds but she held me off. She licked the entire shaft, and then when I thought I was a goner again she stopped. Just as I was about to drag her to her feet and slam into her pussy with my raging hard-on, she took me back into her mouth, and this time she deep throated every inch of my cock. I was about the shoot her mouth full of cum when she pulled off my cock. I was begging for release now. She started licking the whole shaft again but this time she slipped her hand between my thighs and stuck her beautifully manicured middle finger in my tight asshole. I couldn't stop myself this time and came in buckets. It seemed like my dick sprayed cum halfway across the room. I had never felt such an intense orgasm. She said, "You should have waited. I would have sucked you off." She cleaned up the remaining cum from my shaft, concentrating on the head. When she finished, she smiled up at me asking if I liked it? "Wow!" was the only thing I could muster. 

After her delicate ministering to my hard-on, it was still at full mast. I said I had an idea for her. Mimicking me from my earlier comment she said, "I'm game." I pulled her to her feet and turned her face down on the bed again. I thought she might be ready for some hard and fast strokes to that delicious little box of hers. I slid the head of my dick up and down her lips until she moaned. With one quick thrust, I buried deep in Bobbie's wet snatch. It was tight and her muscle control was extraordinary. I was feeling every inch of her pussy squeeze my dick with all it might. This was a complete package. I only had to long stroke her a few times to bring her to orgasm again. I just love a woman who can climax easily. She let out another deep guttural moan signaling her climax. That sound is the sexiest thing in the whole world. 

With my dick still deep inside her, I held still while her spasms subsided. I pulled out and turned her over to go back to work on those beautiful pert breasts. She lay there quietly for a little bit but started to gyrate and moan when I nibbled on her taut nipples. Just as I was about to go back to eating her sweet pussy, she jumped up and said, "Lay down and spread your legs for me". Obediently, I did as I was told. She slowly mounted my throbbing cock, her feet together between my thighs, facing my feet with her knees drawn up to her chest. She could move but held me down with her incredible ass. I wanted to buck up to meet her strokes but she told me to hold still. I felt like my dick was on fire. I had just come a few minutes earlier but my cum was starting to boil again. I was gyrating just as I had her doing.

With the perfect timing of experience, she leaned forward and stuck her middle finger in my ass again. I shot a load in her that must have reached her tonsils. The geyser of cum deep inside of her pussy sent Bobbie over the edge and she slumped to the bed with her own deep orgasm. This tightened the grip she had on my cock and made me jump. She pulled her finger out of my ass and lay still for a few minutes. I could feel her pussy gripping and releasing my cock. I had never felt such incredible muscle control. Even in my awkward position with my dick somewhat bent toward my toes, I was getting hard yet again. 

Before long, I had yet another raging boner that would have made any man jealous. This delicious vivacious redhead had me thinking of even more ways to please her. I thought about it too long, because, in a second, she pulled off of my dick, gave it a little kiss, an adoring little flick with her tongue and then went to the adjoining bathroom. With a youthful skip in her step, she returned with a tube of KY gel. Curiosity got the best of me so I had to ask what it was for. She said, "I want to give you a real piece of ass."

I said, "I'm game." 

Bobbie was one of the most beautiful women I had every fucked and now she was going to give me thrill like no other. I could only imagine the tightness and warmth of her little ass surrounding my dick. She applied a generous coating of KY on my dick and then cautiously fingered a little into her tight little asshole. Sensing her uncertainty, I asked if she had ever had anal sex before. She said, "Only a finger or two but I want to give it to you". She lay on the bed with her legs spread and placed a hard pillow under the small of her back. I crawled between her legs and pulled them up over my shoulders putting the back of her legs to my chest. 

Instinctively, she moved to position herself to allow us both the most pleasure. I felt her hand guide my cock towards her lovely little sphincter. She moved the head up and down her pussy, stopping at her little hole on every pass to tickle it. After a few passes, she said, "Give it to me slowly." I slid the head in just a little and felt her muscles pop loose and then tighten around my shaft. Her moans were begging me to go slow but her gyrations moved me even deeper. It took me only couple minutes to open her up and put every inch of my dick inside. Her ass was hot as hell. When she began to move her butt, those incredible muscles began to work on me again. It only took a couple of muscle pulses from her to release the animal in me. I began to pump into her ass with every inch of my being. She said, "Slow down and enjoy my gift!" It took all I could muster to slow down and not pound that ass for all I was worth. 

I must have spent another 10 minutes pumping into her ass until she complained that she was dry. She asked if I would lube her up again so she could come. I gladly obliged by putting on liberal dose of KY on my dick and her now wide-open ass. I slipped back into her with no problem. This time she had such a sense of urgency about her that demanded action from me. I slammed my cock into her ass for all I was worth. She fingered her hard little clit searching for a release. It took a bit but both of us climaxed within seconds of each another. I slowly pulled out of her ass and lay down beside her to cuddle and pet. She was asleep in minutes purring like a little kitten. 

I can't remember a time when I was so satiated and I look forward to the next time I have to meet with Joe. Little does he know what a bonus I got that day! More to come. damon1951