 There is no way this case should have been assigned to only myself. After spending a good couple months on it, it has become very obvious that I needed at least 1 more resource. The only reason I had been able to keep up was through the help of this new paralegal Sharon. Despite being a great asset to the law team, she had some great assets herself. Sharon is quite young, probably around 22, with brown hair that goes about half-way down her shoulders. She is in great shape, with an ass to die for. But the thing that really has me interested is her big jugs and that gorgeous face that says, ‘fuck me’. Since she has been working with me on this case we have been flirting quite a bit. Whenever I am around her I get a massive hardon and I’m sure she has noticed. 

I needed to pick up a deposition so I took a stroll over to Sharon’s cubicle. She’s kind of in no-man’s land right now since the floor is being re-arranged, and the 4 cubicles that are by hers are empty. “Hey Sharon, what’s shaking?”

“Hey Jonny, not too much, just finishing this deposition for you.” She looked gorgeous today. She was wearing a tight pair of black stretch pants and a tight blouse with the top 3 buttons undone, revealing her milky white cleavage. I couldn’t take my eyes off of her tits. I could feel my boner starting to grow right in front of her face where I was standing.

“Thanks Sharon. You’re a life saver”, I said, trying to take my eyes of her boobs. 

“No problem. Hey, I think I know what to get you for Christmas”, said Sharon, which took me kind of by surprise.

“Oh yeah, what’s that?”

“A new pair of pants…it seems those ones a little too small for you.” Shannon grinned as she moved her eyes to my crotch.

“Ahhhh…well…..errr”, was all that I could say. I was totally taken by surprise. Sure we have flirted, but nothing had ever been so blatant.

“I seem to have that affect on a lot of guys when I wear this shirt.”

“I don’t think it is the shirt Sharon, I think it is what’s inside of it”, I laughed.

Sharon laughed back, “Yeah, I think you’re right.” Sharon then started to reach for my crotch and I suddenly pulled back, taken by surprise. “Ah come on, no one will see anything. This area is empty.” I moved back to where I was and Sharon undid the zipper of my pants and reached inside, feeling my prick straining against the fabric of my underwear. She then undid the top button of my pants giving her good access to my cock. There was a big wet stain on the front of my briefs where the precum had collected. “Mmmmm, looks like you are ready”, moaned Sharon.

I couldn’t believe what was happening. What if we got caught. I don’t know what I would say if someone walked over here and saw Sharon with my cock in her hand. But I couldn’t stop it, I was way too horny. Sharon then pushed my underwear down until my cock sprung free. The head was dripping precum and was getting bigger by the second. Sharon started to slowly jerk my cock off, coaxing more and more of my lubricant out. “Oh Jonny, your cock is so beautiful. I’ve wanted to do this for so long” whispered Sharon right before she licked the head of my prick, tasting the salty precum that had collected there. After swirling her tongue around the head of my cock a couple more times, Sharon then took it deep into her mouth, letting it hit the back of her throat. The girl definitely had skills. She left it there for a couple seconds then released it. My cock was dripping with saliva as she looked up to me with a nasty grin on her face.

“Oh fuck yeah. Suck that cock baby”, I whispered as I looked over the wall of her cubicle, making sure no one was coming. Luckily I was taller than the cubicle wall so I could keep a constant look-out. I looked back down to see Sharon take my prick back into her mouth. She really started to go to work on my cock, fucking me with her mouth. She really liked to give a sloppy blowjob. I was in a total daze as I stood there watching this hot little paralegal give me a blowjob right at her desk in the middle of the day. I started to slowly buck my hips forward and back, trying to fuck her face, but I couldn’t do it very well since people would definitely think something was going down. Just when I looked up again I noticed another paralegal Jerry walking our way.

“Oh shit, here comes Jerry”, I whispered in a panic. Sharon quickly stuffed my cock back into my pants. I quickly sat down in her spare chair, with my pants still undone. I looked over at Sharon who was wiping some spit away from around her mouth just as Jerry got to us.

“Hey guys, I just wanted to make sure that you guys got that memo. Apparently the server died and not everyone got it”, asked Jerry.

“Oh yeah, I got it”, I answered.

”Yeah me too”, said Sharon who was trying to keep her composure.

“Ok, great”, said Jerry and then he walked away. Sharon and I looked at each other and started to laugh.

“Holy shit! That was close”, I laughed. “I wonder if he noticed that my pants were undone?”

“I doubt it. I doubt he was looking at your crotch when my cleavage was in plain view”, giggled Sharon, placing both her hands on either side of her tits.

“I guess you’re right”, I laughed. “Speaking of tits, yours are truly magnificent”, I said, staring at the two globes that were a foot away from me.

“Thanks Jonny. I sure like them too. The guys really can’t get enough of them either. And they are so sensitive. I can cum from breast stimulation alone.”

“That is awesome Sharon. Can I ask you something?”

“Sure, anything.”

“Have you ever let a guy slide his cock between your tits?”

“Of course I have Jonny. I absolutely love getting my titties fucked. In fact, I just had them fucked last night by my neighbour, while his wife watched.”

“You’re fucking kidding me. That is so hot.”

“Yeah, apparently his wife had always wanted to see him fuck my tits ever since I had moved next door to them. She is fairly flat and knew that her husband liked big titties. It was so amazing. I laid back on their couch, he straddled my chest and totally fucked my boobs like crazy. His wife just sat on the chair across from us and fingered her cunt until he blew his load between my tits and all over my face. She then came over and licked it off of me, and cleaned his cock off. I’m telling you, it was amazing.”

“Fuck Sharon, I wish I could have seen that”, I said in almost a drunken stupor.

“Hey Jonny, you wanna fuck my tits right here”, asked Sharon?

“Here, are you nuts? There’s no way no one will notice.” As I was saying this, my cock was beginning to grow once again.

“Come on Jonny, we can do it. You know you want to fuck my titties baby. I’ve seen you look at them whenever you can. You don’t think I notice that? Look at them Jonny. They’re just begging to feel your big hard prick between them.” Sharon then unbuttoned her blouse totally and took off her bra. Her tits looked amazing. The double-Ds were there, and just asking to get fucked. “Come on Jonny, come put that cock right here”, whispered Sharon as she pushed her jugs together, showing me where my cock was begging me to put it. She then spit into her cleavage and rubbed it over her tits, making them nice and wet, glistening under the fluorescent lights of the office.

I couldn’t resist. My cock was ready to explode and I need to feel it between Sharon’s fleshy tits. I stood up and pulled my cock out of my pants. Sharon sat on the edge of her chair and leaned forward. Her tits were inviting me in to their meaty confines. My cock was gushing precum as I took it in my hand and started to rub it on her tit flesh. I rubbed it all over her jugs and nipples. It was amazing. I then placed it into her cleavage, letting her trap me in there. Her tits felt so hot around my dripping boner. We both moaned quietly as my cock and her tits melded into one.

“Oh fuck Jonny, your cock feels so fucking hot between my tits”, moaned Sharon as she started to move her torso up and down over my cock. I just stood there as she jerked my cock off with her big double-Ds. Sharon looked up at me with that ‘fuck me’ look as she got me off with her big jugs. I didn’t know how long I was going to last, watching this office slut take my raging, hard cock between her big titties.

“Fuck yeah, slide those big tits over my cock. Fuck yeah. Fuck my big cock with those hot tits.”

“Oh fuck Jonny, this is making my cunt so wet. You’re cock is making me so fucking horny baby. You like getting your boner jerked off by my titties? Oh yeah baby, make me cum”, moaned Sharon as she really started to work my cock between her tits. She was moving so much that her chair started to squeak. She slowed down and let my cock fall from between her boobs.

“Suck it, take it in your throat. Make it nice and wet so I can fuck those titties baby”, I said as she moved one hand into her pants, trying desperately to play with her dripping snatch. I didn’t even care that we were in the middle of our office now. All I wanted to do was get my rocks off. I put one hand on the back of Sharon’s head and started to fuck her throat, forcing my prick into her mouth. Sharon was really moaning now, loving getting her beautiful face fucked.

“Put it back between my tits Jonny. Fuck them and cum all over them. Soak them with your sticky jizz. Put them back between my tits and fuck them. You like fucking my tits. Make me your tit slut Jonny”, said Sharon as she spread her tits apart, inviting my prick back between her jugs.

I placed it back between her tits and started to fuck them now, not worrying if anyone saw me. I was trying to move just my hips to conceal what was going on. I looked over the cubicle again and no one was looking our way. Everyone was just going about their own business. My cock pistoned up and down between her soft, milky tits. Sharon then spit into her cleavage again as my cock fucked her juicy boobs. I could feel myself getting ready to cum. “Fuck Sharon, I’m going to fucking cum”, I moaned.

“Yeah baby. Cum between my tits. Don’t stop fucking them. Cum between them as you slide your prick between my big titties”, groaned Shannon as she forced her tits even tighter together with her forearms. My cock was being squished between her jugs and the heat in there was driving me insane. My cock exploded between her tits and I let out a muffled moan as I continued to pump my cock between her glorious titties. On the upward stroke, my cock exploded again spraying my cum all over Sharon’s face. I continued fucking her tits until all my cum had been deposited in her cleavage and on her face and neck. “That was fucking awesome Jonny. You fucked my tits so good baby.”

“Oh fuck yeah Sharon. I’ve wanted to fuck your tits since I first saw you.” As I was doing my pants up I looked over the cubicle wall again and saw Tammy Walters walking our way, a senior partner in the firm. “Oh fuck, here comes Tammy”, I said as I quickly did my pants up. I looked down at Sharon and she managed to get her shirt done up to conceal the cum that I had just deposited between her tits. But her face was still covered in my seed as Tammy entered the cubicle.

“What the hell is going on here” she asked in a very stern voice, looking at the jizz dripping down Sharon’s face.

“Ahhh, Sharon just sneezed and she couldn’t get a Kleenex fast enough”, I said. I couldn’t think of anything else to say.

“Do you think I am an idiot? Wipe your face off and both of you get to my office NOW.” Tammy stormed off, leaving Sharon and I in a terrified state.

I handed Sharon a tissue. She threw it on her desk and said, “why let it go to waste”, as she wiped her face off with her hand and licked the cum off her fingers. “Let’s go”, she said as she got up. We both headed to Tammy’s office, and didn’t know what the hell was going to happen to us.