 Bobby and pretty little Jilly were a perfect match. Jilly loved to kiss and lick and suck cock, especially Bobby's giant 10-incher. And Bobby liked nothing better than to watch as his swollen, plum-colored cockhead swelled up against a pair of soft, pretty lips and fired rope after rope of hot creamy semen over a pretty face. He would stuff his huge cock into Jilly's clasping cunt again and again until she begged him to cum, begged him with the dirty words they both loved to hear, begged him through her pouting suck-swollen lips to cum on her face. Then Bobby would pull out and position himself over Jilly's face, and start the long slow masturbation ritual that would end in what they both wanted, a huge eruption of semen all over Jilly's face and panting lips.

Jilly could cum over and over again while Bobby was fucking her, but her biggest, craziest orgasms always came when his semen hit her face, wad after wad, and she masturbated herself to a fantastic climax as the hot semen dripped down her forehead, nose and cheeks. She had learnt this in high school during mutual masturbation sessions with her boyfriend, before losing her virginity, learning to time her own finger-fucking orgasm with the eruption of hot, thick semen from the penis in her little hand.

Now it was still the way for her to cum the hardest. She loved the fact that Bobby liked to cum in her face. She loved the huge size of his beautiful cockhead. And above all she loved the sheer quantity of Bobby's cumshots, the thickness of his scum and the way she could always rouse him again with dirty words and kisses and the sight of her pretty face masked with his drying semen.

For Bobby the chief turn-on was the sheer prettiness of Jilly's face, and the contrast between her soft, perfect skin and his raging erection as she kissed it and licked it and rubbed it back and forth across her delicate features. Beneath her dark-blonde hair, Jilly's eyes were a deep blue, widely spaced, above a small, tilted nose and a mouth so soft and full it could give a man an erection at a hundred paces. Jilly knew that her little freckled nose excited Bobby almost as much as her luscious mouth, and always made a point of carefully aiming his erupting penis at the center of her face, to make sure that her nose and upper lip received liberal doses of spunk.

Bobby was proud of the sheer size of his cock-head, its flaring shape and plum color, and Jilly always made sure she paid proper tribute to it with her lips and nose and cheeks. Bobby and Jilly's suck sessions usually began with a frantic mouth job and facial, both Bobby and Jilly so horny that neither could wait to get to the bed. Both wanting the same thing and wanting it right away.

As soon as the door was closed, Bobby would mash his lips against Jilly's gorgeous mouth, the mouth he knew he would soon be covering with lashings of cum, while Jilly's hands worked feverishly up and down the 10-inch boner still imprisoned in Bobby's pants, and she muttered her cum-lust into Bobby's mouth.

`Want it all over me...want it now...want you to shoot on my face, cover me with your spunk... all the cum you've been saving for me...all on my pretty face...'

There had been days when Jilly would go to her knees without undoing Bobby's pants, and crazily lick Bobby's erection through the thin cloth, up and down, rubbing her whole face against the huge, straining, rock-hard tool, all the time looking up at him, pleading with her eyes, pleading for his spunk. In front of her licking, pleading face, a dark wet patch of pre-cum would stain his pants. Looking down, Bobby could see it there at the top of the massive erection she was shucking with her cheeks, nose, and lips. He could feel the giant eruption about to explode, the cum he had been saving all week.

Gazing into Bobby's eyes as she kissed and licked the penis through the straining cloth, Jilly knew it too.

`I'm going to cum, Jilly! It's coming! Oh God!!!'

They both knew it was too late for Jilly to do anything except rub him off with her face - but there was something so erotic about this sensually pretty girl on her knees in front of him, wildly nuzzling him to orgasm through his pants, that all Bobby could do was gaze down in ecstasy as he climaxed in her face, crying: 

`God! God! God!'

Jilly could feel it, taste it, smell it as the bursts of semen ripped out against the restraining cloth, drenching it and drenching her face with the steamingly hot, wet cloth she was licking, and mumbling:

`Yes! Yes! Spunk...I love your spunk...keep shooting...soak me with it...'

And as Bobby's legs shook and the repeated, heavy bursts of cum began to lessen, Jilly would tear at his belt, pulling his pants and shorts down to bury her flushed wet face in Bobby's groin, in the mess of dripping sticky cum, as his still hard cock twitched its last shots directly against her face.

But this time, as so often, both Bobby and Jilly wanted to see the full eruption of his semen, all of it right in her face. Pulling his pants down, still murmuring her dirty longings, Jilly brought her lips close to the huge stiff prong jutting from his shorts.

She licked her lips. Knowing he was watching. Her hands against his taut thighs, feeling them began to shudder with anticipation.

He watched Jilly rip her own jeans open and stuff a hand into her cunt, starting to rub her clit into a froth.

`Oh God, Bobby, I've wanted this so much. I've masturbated all week, thinking about it.'

`Thinking about what? Say it, Jilly.'

`Thinking about your beautiful cockhead, thinking about taking your penis out and rubbing your beautiful cockhead over my nose and my cheeks and... and my lips...and thinking about...'

`About what, Jilly? Say it.'

`About...'

The huge cockhead - she could see how dark it was even through the white fabric of his shorts - was straining even harder against the cloth as Bobby waited for the dirty words they were both longing to hear Jilly say.

`About watching you rub your shaft until the beautiful purple head swells up and...'

`Ahhh! God almighty!' Bobby groaned as the cockhead burst free of the top of his shorts and waved in front of Jilly's pretty little nose.

`Oh God yes!' Jilly moaned, `the smell of it!' She looked up at Bobby. `Shoot now, shoot fast, I can't stand to wait any longer. Jerk off in my face. Jerk off in my face!'

As Jilly's masturbating hand worked faster and faster at her clit, Bobby grasped the huge shaft of his swollen, throbbing penis, and gazed down at Jilly's exquisite face. Her begging words had brought him so close to cumming he knew - as Jilly did - that a couple of strokes would be all it needed for him to start hosing her pretty features with his sticky juice.

`I want it fast,' she gasped, `fast and hard this time, Bobby. All over me. Then I'll suck you slow the next time. All right? And you can cover my face again. Then you can fuck my face and pull it out and I'll bring you off with my lips and nose, all over me.'

`Jesus, Jilly,' Bobby gasped, and frigged his marble-hard cock quickly, two, three hards jerks, feeling his balls contract. `You've got it - you're going to get it!' 

`Yes! Yes!' Jilly crowed, licking her lips and holding her nose in front of Bobby's hugely straining cockhead. `Yes! Do it! Blast my face! All over me! Cum! Cum! Cum in my face!'

She looked anxiously from the immense cockhead to Bobby's eyes, now glazing over as he rubbed his cock furiously, feeling its gigantic numbness give way to the beginnings of a monster orgasm.

`Watch, watch,' Jilly gasped, `Keep watching. Watch your pretty Jilly, watch her nose, her lips, her face. Oh God, Bobby, your cockhead's so huge and beautiful when you're about to ---'

`Aaaahhhh,' Bobby screamed as the first wad exploded into Jilly's face, covering the soft, sweet skin between her pretty nose and her waiting lips, and dripping all over her mouth, while Jilly moaned and yelled:

`Cumming! Cumming!' A tidal wave of orgasm rippled through her body and she struggled to keep her gaze locked on Bobby's as he brought his dreams true, spurting one huge rope of semen after another over Jilly's gorgeous face. Smearing her hair and forehead. Coating her nose. Spurting again and again onto her pouting lips until the whole of her lower face was white with his thick spunk.

Then rubbing his slowly softening hose of a penis across her lovely features, over and over, as she leaned against him, cooing with pleasure.

Until at last Bobby raised her up to kiss and lick at Jilly's face, smeared with the remains of his drying spunk. He carried her to the bed and undressed her and himself. And slowly, the next phase began as they curled up on the bed and Jilly brought her face once more down to Bobby's penis and began to lick it back to hardness. Soon Jilly would begin the long, loving suck that would bring Bobby once again to a colossal orgasm, as she looked up at him from between his legs and jerked him off against her spunk-stained face.

Later, rested and replenished with food, they would fuck, Bobby gazing down at Jilly's gasping face, with only Jilly's swollen lips free of the mask of cum that coated the rest of her face. And she would lick and pout her lips, begging Bobby to finish on her face, until he pulled out and let her squirm down underneath him to take his huge log in her mouth. Then Bobby would fuck her face in a rising frenzy, gazing down at the wonderful sight of his giant cock driving over and over again into her pretty, scum-soaked, welcoming face. Until at last he would pull out and rub his erupting cock up and down on Jilly's face, mashing her lips and nose with his throbbing, pulsing tool, and drenching her once more with the cum juice she adored.