 Bobby walks into his apartment. The lights are off and he cannot find the energy to look for the switch, he made his way to the kitchen and took already opened beer can from the refrigerator. He sat at the table in the dark drinking his flat beer. His feet and legs were throbbing from the days work.

He glanced at the clock on top of his microwave and notices the time, 4:30 am. He has been at working for twenty seven hours straight. Back at the refrigerator he noticed a half eaten piece of lasagna covered in cellophane. Shit, he remembers, this was the night that she was supposed to be come to make me dinner.

He turned the light on to see a bouquet of roses on his dining table, an opened bottle of red wine and two wine glasses, one glass empty the other half full with a ring of dark red lipstick on the rim. As he ate the lasagna he sipped the glass of wine that had belonged to her. Her sweet aroma still lingered on the rim of the glass. This, he was certain, was the last time he will smell her. Damn, this was great food. He bit into a breadstick thinking of the last time he saw her.

Four days ago, she was rushing to the airport, to lecture in California. Their good-byes were rushed, but expected. They had only been seeing each other for a couple of weeks, and had never had a chance to do anything about any attraction. He was busy on the case. At least the trial was over.

His cell phone rang.

"Yeah," he said as he finished swallowing.

"How are you enjoying the wine?" Her voice was not as he remembered it. It was slightly silkier.

"It's great," he said smoothly. He closed his eyes while imagining how her dark red lips talked into the phone. "What time did you leave?"

"Who says I did," she said.

His eyes opened immediately. "Where are you?" He said looking around the apartment.

"Get on the couch and I'll show you," Bobby smiled moving to the couch drinking the wine. The couch felt great on his back. What the heck has she been up to? He had left her the key under his mat, like she asked. This was not very bright, he thought now. But he was so busy, he decided to do as she asked instead of argue with her. She had been in his place for ten hours, at least. That made him a little uneasy, he knew that at least three of those hours were spent cooking, every pot in his house had some remnant of cooking having gone on.

As he sat back he heard music playing in the background. It was not loud enough for him to hear, but loud enough to let him know that it was going to be a while before he went to sleep. She stood in front of him; his dress blues jacket had never looked like that. She must have altered it. As he continued to see his hat sitting in a tilted an angle atop her long dark curly hair, he thought, I will get after her later. She walked closer to him, and he noticed her high heeled boots, she was at least 5'7" in those things now. The lace ups were almost up to her thighs. No pants, he smiled as he leaned further back and ran his hand across his face. She smiled at him, and opened the dress blues just a little; he saw a glimpse of her bare chest. He released a deep sigh as she pushed him even further back on his couch and straddled him. He grabbed her hips and kissed her passionately her hands ran over his back and his ran down under the jacket and he could feel her bare skin. His body tensed as he felt her hands run all over his chest and back.

She ran her fingers inside of his jacket and removed it. He assisted by moving his hands back, but quickly brought his hands back to roam her body. Her hands were now holding his face. Their lips were inseparable. She pushed him back and started to remove his tie. He smiled and studied her as she worked him. His eyes were half closed.

"You do that so well," he said.

"You make me want to love you, Bobby," he grabbed her by her hair pulling her towards him. He unbuttoned the rest of the jacket she wore burying his face in her chest. They kissed deeper. He stood up feeling his legs wrap around him. She unbuttoned the top buttons of his shirt and kissed his neck. He pinned her up against the wall and kissed her harder and taking hold of her hips. He digs himself between her legs. She made a soft whimpering sound that made him want to kiss her deeper. He lifted her to his bedroom. There he noticed that the sheets were now a deep burgundy color, silk.

"New sheets? You have been a busy girl. "

"You needed fuck me sheets," she said kneeling on the bed next to him. She ran her hands across the narrow opening of the jacket.

"Cute, "he said licking his lips. He was completely at her mercy. She noticed the handcuffs on his belt. He took them from his belt holding them up to her with his index finger. "Which one of us would you like to have wear them?"

The right side of her lip curled up. Consumed with desire Bobby tore the remaining button off his shirt he took it off quickly. He felt her tugging at his belt and pants soon he lay there with her hands traveling through his entire body. He let out a deep sigh when her tongue traces his chest and stomach. Bobby moaned feeling her take him in fully in to her moist mouth. He grabs hold of her hair. His erection was fully encased. Her tongue tugged and lapped at it. Her hands roamed around his chest as her lips squeeze harder on him. She cuffed both of his hands together holding them towards her moving them around her hair and holds them away from her not allowing him to touch her.

The tips of her fingers ran up and down his hard organ. Her touch was delicate and he still moist from her attention to it. She quickly lapped up a slight release of his own pleasure continuing her cavernous attention to his tip. He let out a stifled scream. He reached down, but he is still cuffed.

"Please, let me out of them," he said quietly with a hint of desperation, he observes.

"Say pleases again," she responds.

"Please," softer.

"Again, "more forcefully.

He slid off the bed and kneeled, "Please, let me touch you." She stands behind him holding his arms up with the cuffs. "The keys are on the nightstand," he said. Bobby and tried to turn to her, but she yanked on his cuffs.

"Ask again, Bobby. Beg me to release you."

"Please."

"Tell me you want me."

"I want you."

"Tell me, why you want me to let you go."

"I want to feel you. All of you," he said licking his lips, and feeling her tug his arms harder. He still felt the coolness of the leather and the scraping laces of the boot at his back. "I want you."

"You know what I want?"

"Tell me," he said feeling her squat down to his ear.

"I want you to want me more than you have ever wanted any other woman. And I want you to do me harder than you have ever done another woman."

"I do, I want you more than anyone," he meant it too.

She took the keys from the night stand and freed him. He pinned her to the bed. He felt her boots as her legs grasped his hips hard while he tore into her with his entire body. She let out a slight whimper. He opened up the jacket exposing her body thrusting into her over and over again. With every one of his movements, he felt her squeeze his hips and the rest of him harder. He released a deep cry from the heat of his excitement overtook his entire body. Stopping he saw her lying beneath him tenderly kiss her.

He noticed her attempting to catch her breath. Her face flushed and glistening. He ran his fingertips across her bare breasts, one at a time and then running his fingertips over one nipple at time. She writhes from his touch. He felt her shiver. He then ran his tongue over the same route his fingers took. He moved down further then slides his tongue into her. His hands moved around her stomach then moved to her hips. She grabbed hold of his hair. The tip of his tongue dug into places that made her scream. He lifted himself up and pinned her arms down and inserts himself into her. Her lips curled while she wrapped her legs around his hips. Sitting up, she straddled him while he sat on the bed. Bobby tosses the jacket off to grasp better.

He slid her up and down his cock watching her body as he slipped in and out of her. Her nails scratched in his back making him bite down hard on her nipple. He lifted her off him. Standing up and wags his finger at her.

"Bad girl that hurt."

Laying flat on the bed she caressed her neck and breasts with the tips of her fingers. Bobby could not recall how long it had been since his body had released this much heat for a woman. Getting closer to the bed, the tip of one of the boots found his soft scrotum. His upper lip curled slightly showing his upper teeth. He grabbed both of her ankles. Bobby ripped her boots off, making her gasp. Dragging her to the edge of the bed he flipped her over. "You want me to fuck you harder than any other women, okay sister, you got it," he whispers in her ear before he inserted his engorged penis into her wetness.

She released a quick yelp. While he thrust into her harder and harder. The slap of his hips on hers made him slam into her even harder. He reached around her and feeling her breasts bouncing while her nipples remained hardened. Grinding his teeth together, he pulled her hair back. His face looked pained as he relished the feeling of her wetness covering him. She released a scream. He felt her body contracting under him. Bobby pulled her up by her hair to his chest. He kissed her lips as he grabbed her breasts and squeezed them together. She released a whimper. He flipped her limp body around and lifted her legs around his neck. He slipped himself into her again, and thrust himself into her forcefully. Her body arched again, this made him explode in her when he released a loud moan. He collapsed on top of her. Their breathing was uniform, both out of breath. She cradled his head to her chest. He looked to her and kissed her lips fully. She took his face into her hands and tenderly caressed it.

"A good home coming?" she said to him.

He giggles, "you said coming." They both laugh. "I think I need to sleep now."

"You earned it baby," she whispers as he crawls to cover her with his body.