 She walks into the bedroom and sees a plastic sheet covering the bed. She looks to the other side of the bed and sees him wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around his hips. She raises her eyebrows inquiringly and he just grins. She gestures to the bed.

"What's all this?"

He bends down and raises a tray setting it on the foot of the bed.

"I'm going to create a masterpiece."

"Oh, really?"

"Yes! So strip, you're my canvas."

She giggles as she undoes the buttons of her shirt and tugs it off. She runs a finger over the lace of her bra lightly watching his eyes watching her. She dips her finger into the cup of her bra and rubs it back and forth. Arching her back she slides her hands down over her breasts and farther down over her stomach. She brings one hand back up and cups her breast in her hand, squeezing lightly, then slips the clasp open in the front. The bra parts as she shrugs her shoulders and lets it drop to the floor behind her. She licks her lips as sees his cock swelling under the towel.

Her hands drop to the waistband of her jeans as she pops open the button. She grasps her zipper in her fingers and tugs it down, pulls it back up and pulls it back down again. She hears his low growl and giggles again. Tugging at the sides of her jeans she drags them slowly down her legs, bends to remove them from her feet and tosses them into the corner of the room. Stands straight to reveal a small slip of silk covering her pussy. He gestures for her to take it off also. She dips her thumbs into the waistband at her hips and peels it off down her thighs, over her knees and lets it drop to the floor, kicking it out of the way. She runs her hands up over her thighs and hips, over her stomach and cups her breasts in her hands, gently squeezing them together. She hears him suck in his breath.

"Get on the bed, on your stomach."

She responds by climbing onto the bed and lies down on the sheet. She squeals as her stomach hits the cold plastic. She settles herself comfortably and lays her head on her crossed arms. Closing her eyes she relaxes as she feels him climb onto the bed and kneel beside her. She hears the tray slide over the plastic as he pulls it near and raises her head to look, but he puts a warm hand on her back.

"Don't, just feel."

She lowers her head back down with a sigh. She hears a whisper of sound and concentrates, trying to identify it. She feels a feather-light touch on her shoulder, stroking inward towards her spine, and then another, and another. She can feel the soft bristles on the brush glide over the nape of her neck. She lets out a small moan, sensing his grin rather than seeing it. He passes it over her nape again as he knows ALL her really sensitive spots. There is a pause and then the brush is passed over her other shoulder and across her nape. She can't help but squirm a little as she can already feel herself getting wet.

He coats the length of her spine and passes over that little spot at the base that ALWAYS makes her moan. She doesn't disappoint him, letting out a heartfelt moan. She raises her head but keeps her eyes closed.

"What are you doing?"

He gives a grunt and a barely intelligible hush in response.

"An artist never reveals his art until it is complete."

She giggles as she lowers her head once again. A larger brush is passed over her sides and back. She squirms again as her skin starts to become sensitized. She hears his shift on the bed again. Then he lifts her foot up and drags the brush over the bottom of her foot. Her eyes pop open as she squeals in surprise. She tries to put her foot down but he tightens his grip and holds her leg still, chuckling.

He lightly paints over her ankle and she moans again, never realizing that her ankle was an erogenous zone. She really thought she knew them all. He lightly brushes up over her calf and around to her shin. He hears her giving off little sighs of pleasure although she is unaware of them. He moves the brush up over the top of her thigh and brings it down to the back of her knee. He lowers her leg to the bed and picks up the other leg.

He repeats the process: first over her foot, she giggles as he paints her toes, over her ankle where she sucks in a deep breath, up her calf, to the front of her leg, the back of her knee. Lowering her leg to the bed, he grabs her ankles and spreads her legs wide on the bed. She gasps in surprise but that gasp changes into a deep moan as he starts to work the brush over the inside of her thighs. Alternating first one and then the other, back and forth. Her breath escapes in breathy little pants. Slowly he works the brush over her soft thighs. She squirms her hips, hoping, wanting, needing his to touch her pussy, her clit. She has never been so wet, so hot, so needy.

He picks up a wide brush from the tray at the same time she opens her mouth to beg him to touch her. He slides the brush over her thigh and up over her ass cheek. She moans loudly in response, forgetting what she was going to say. He drags the brush from side to side, up and down over her ass. He slowly drags it between the cheeks of her ass and her hips rise off the bed involuntarily. He sits back and pauses, looking over her body, coated in body paint from shoulders to feet, she was a feast he could gorge himself on. 

Sensing he was done for a moment, she raises her head.

"Are you done? Can I get up now?" "Ok" he says "Roll over now."

She rolls onto her back glancing at him. She sees the paint smears and droplets on his body, the towel stained with it. She pushes up on her elbows and starts to sit up. He stops her with a paintbrush on her breasts. She blinks at him, a little startled.

"Oh no! I'm not done with you yet."

Her eyes narrow as she lies back down. He laughs out loud.

"And don't give me that 'I'm-gonna-get-you look'."

She giggles softly as she closes her eyes. He picks up the brush and very lightly draws it over the top of her left thigh. He hears her gasp of pleasure. She shivers as he trails the brush over her right thigh coating it in paint. He grasps her leg in his hand and nudges the other until she understands she is to spread her legs again. She moves them apart and he glides the brush over the inside of her thighs. She can feel the muscles in her legs twitch. He draws the brush up, up, up her thigh. She finds herself holding her breath in anticipation of the brush touching her pussy. But he draws out the anticipation by moving the brush up over he thigh to her hip. He moves to the other leg, gliding the brush up her leg and over her hip. She lets her breath go on a sigh and takes a deep breath, waiting, waiting, waiting for the next sweep of the brush and where it will land next.

He dips the brush and brings it to her shoulder, dragging it over her collarbone from one side to the other. He can see her quick intake of breath. He smiles as he dips the brush again and glides it down her chest in between her breasts. He watches her squirm as he moves the brush around the underside of one breast and around the top, not touching her nipple, which beads in anticipation of the brush's touch. He repeats the strokes of the brush on the other breast, under and around. Circling the bristles around and around. She can feel her chest heaving as she tries to draw in enough air. Abandoning her breasts for the moment he picks up the wide brush and drags it over her stomach and ribs. She tries not to but the giggles escape anyway. He chuckles along with her.

Once her torso is covered in paint, he sits back and looks at her. She cracks open one eye and looks at him inquiringly. He shakes his head as he picks up the smallest brush and she closes her eyes once again. Dipping it into a small jar, he hovers over her breast for a moment and then starts to make small circles on her breast, ever getting closer to her nipple, but still not touching it. She can feel herself getting wet, so wet, wetter than she has ever been. As he torments one breast and then the other, she starts to squirm, her breath coming in shallow pants.

"Please stop."

"Stop what? This?"

He asks this as he drags the brush over her neck. She shakes her head.

"This?"

This time he asks as he circles her left breast with the tip of the brush. She nods her head.

"Oh sorry. Wasn't aware it was bothering you."

He laughs at her growl. Finally ending her torment, he dips the brush into the jar and slides it over the sensitive bud of her nipple. He back arches off the bed as she feels the bristles drag across her nipple. It has never felt so sensitive. As she gasps for air he drags the brush across the other breast. Her low moan of pleasure spurs him on to repeat it. He does it again, again, and again. As she is on the very edge of having an orgasm as all the signs point to, he stops and sits back, watching her face. Her breathing slows and she opens her eyes as she hears him shifting on the bed. She watches as he kneels between her legs.

She struggles to remain calm but knows the anticipation is just half of the fun. She watches as he dips the smallest brush into a small jar and brings it up. He looks into her eyes and smiles, a very naughty smile. He lowers himself on the bed and with one swift stroke, paints over the lips of her pussy. She arches off the bed, the sensations almost too much. She moans long and low. He continues to paint over her outer lips, outlining her pussy with delicate strokes of his brush, bringing it back up he starts to retrace her lips, this time taking more time, making little loops and swirls. Her hips squirm in response to the brush's bristles being pulled over her lips. 

Having painted her lips, with feather light strokes of his finger, he spreads the paint evenly over her pussy lips. His fingers gently tugging her pussy lips apart. With each stroke she feels a cool flush of air as more of her pussy is exposed, then covered. As he holds her lips slightly apart, he dips the brush into the jar again and starting at the bottom of her pussy, he lightly drags it up hovering just over her clit as he presses the brush to it, and over it. She screams as her hips involuntarily arch off the bed, sensations rocketing through her body. He does it one more time, and then again. A scream is wrenched out of her as her orgasm slams through her, wave after wave, spasm after spasm. He dips his finger into the jar and paints over her pussy again where her juices ran and washed the paint away.

"Wow!!"

He just grins at her .

"It's not over yet, baby."

He starts to lower himself onto the bed, slowly kissing over her knee, sliding his tongue over the paint on her thigh. He looks into her eyes as he licks his lips and moves closer to her pussy. With a sudden twist of her body, she flips herself over and onto his back. He is momentarily stunned but recovers rather quickly. She's giggling as she pushes him over onto his back and straddles his hips. 

"Oh oh! I know that look."

She grins down at him and slowly reaches for the jars of paint. Dipping her fingers into the jar, she brings out a blob of paint and holds it over his chest. She grins more and slaps it down onto his chest, slowly pushing her fingers through it. He looks up at her and asks casually as he watches what she is doing.

"What are you doing?"

She responds with a little chuckle.

"I'm finger-painting."

She feels his chuckle tumble through his chest through her fingertips as she pushes the paint around. She slides her palms over the muscles, kneading gently yet firmly as the paint spreads. She watches his face as his eyes slide shut and his breathing increases. She had felt his hard cock when she straddled his hips but as her hands travel over his chest, shoulders, up and down his arms, she can feel him harden even more, lengthen, pressing against her pussy. She wiggles her hips as she continues to glide her hands and fingers over the dips and valleys of his body. She slides back until she is sitting on his thighs, effectively trapping him underneath her, or so she thinks.

She dips two fingers into the jar and holds them over his stomach letting them drip paint onto him. She watches as his stomach muscles contract as the paint hits. She passes both palms over his chest, slick, wet. She glides a finger through the paint as she makes a big heart over his chest and stomach. He chuckles as he realizes what she'd drawn. She smiles as her finger travels lower, lower. She circles his navel with her finger and dips it inside. She reaches over for the jar and dipping one finger into the jar, she brings it out and drops the blob of paint on the tip of his cock. She hears him suck in his breath. Using only her finger, she smears the paint up and down his shaft, round and round his head, over and over. She loves the feel of his cock, steel sheathed in satin, so smooth, so hard and so incredibly yummy.

Thinking she is still in charge she wraps her hand around his cock and start to stroke up and down slowly, the paint making her hand slide with ease. She sees a bead of pre-cum appears on the tip and slips her thumb over it, mixing it with the paint. She lifts her thumb to her mouth and flicks out her tongue, licking it clean. She looks at his face and sees him watching her. Their eyes lock as he reaches out a hand and slides it between her legs, his thumb stroking her pussy, finding her swollen, hot and so wet. He brings his thumb to his mouth and duplicates her actions, cleaning his thumb. He hears her low moan.

"That is such a turn-on."

"I know." He grins up at her.

She reaches once more for his cock but he wants more. He wants his mouth on her and her mouth on him. She gives a squeal of surprise at the ease with which he flips her onto her back on the bed. Suddenly he is looming over her. She hears him growl softly.

"Playtime is over."

He lowers his head to her mouth. His mouth locks on her, they kiss passionately, deeply, using their lips, their tongues, even their teeth to nip. She arches her body into his, craving his weight on her. Slowly he slides his mouth away and moves to her shoulder. He licks at the paint there and hums in appreciation. She raises her mouth and does the same to him, licking at his shoulder, his chest, anywhere she can reach.

He flips her over again, this time onto her stomach. With a lick that starts at her nape, he drags his tongue straight down her spine to that little spot at the base of lower back that he tormented earlier. He sweeps his mouth back and forth over her back, ribs and sides. He can't get enough of the taste of her; the body paint in various flavours, the fine sheen of perspiration and her own special unique taste combining to make a heady combination. By the time he is done with her back, she is whimpering and squirming against him. He shifts on the bed and reaches for her, drawing her legs up and placing them on either side of his head. He stares at her pussy and draws one finger closer, just touching her lips. He slides it into her pussy once, then out. His finger is coated with her juices and the combination of different flavours of paint. She moans low in her throat and reaches two fingers for the jar, dipping in and coating his cock once again. She opens her mouth and at the same time as his tongue laps at her lips, she sucks his head into her mouth. Neither one hears the other's moan of pleasure, so caught up in giving pleasure to the other. 

She opens wide and lowers her head, taking him in fully, pulling her head back up and lowering again, just very lightly grazing her lips on his hard cock. She can feel it throbbing in her mouth. Her tongue licks off the paint on the tip, her lips and tongue take care of his shaft. She brings one hand around and wraps it around his cock, squeezing firmly, stroking easily up and down as her hand is still coated in paint. He nibbles and licks all the paint off the outside of her pussy. With his tongue he delves a little deeper. Now the paint is mingled with her juices. He drags his tongue over and over her pussy, not touching her clit. She bucks her hips as she sucks him hard and deep into her mouth. He finally, very lightly, licks over her clit. He hears her moan, muffled with his cock in her mouth. He does it again as she tips her hips, trying to get more.

He reaches out a finger and dips it into the jar, then coats her clit with it. Grasping her hips he pulls her closer and plants his face directly in front of her pussy. He licks once, twice, again. He feels a drop of her juices hit his chin. As she gets closer and closer to cumming, she sucks on his cock harder, deeper, stroking him with her hand and mouth, surrounding him with heat. He continues to use his mouth and tongue on her, licking, nibbling, sucking, her hips bucking against him. She feels his hips pump his cock in and out of her mouth. She sucks harder, faster, knowing he is very close too.

He presses his tongue against her clit and wiggles it back and forth as he slips a finger deep into her pussy. He hears her moaning around his cock as her orgasm rolls over her. He opens his mouth and sucks at her pussy as her juices dribble down his throat. She sucks hard and feels him start to cum into her mouth. She swallows as his hot cum is shot down her throat. She hears his groan as she slows as he is drained. She lightly uses her tongue and lips to clean him off. He slowly turns his head and licks her thigh, using his tongue to get the paint off. He feels the shiver that goes through her.

She rolls off to her side, totally boneless, covered in smeared paint. He looks over at her and smiles.

"Now, THAT was art."

He picks her up and walks to the shower. All she can do is smile and lick some paint off his shoulder.