 This is a new story. Probably just a one shot.... but that's up to you, the readers. 

Enjoy, and please tell me what you think. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Yo, Buff.... How was the ride in today?" she heard as she walked into her lab. She smiled, flashing her usual thousand watt display of perfect white teeth at Teddy, her assistant. She had known him for several years, all the way back to high school, which is where the nickname began. 

She was fourteen when the show began on TV, and the coincidental similarity of names made the 'Buffy' moniker a natural inevitability. Being blonde as well made it a certainty. 

Dr. Sarah Michelle Horton, then just plain old Sarah, took the name in stride. It started with one of her friends, and just blossomed from there, until more people called her Buffy than her given name. Even a few of her teachers joined in, and since it wasn't used in a derogatory fashion, she just accepted it. Now it was an inside joke.... a term of endearment between friends. 

Lots had changed since then, besides the cancellation of the show. Sarah had grown up. 

That was an understatement, to say the least. 

As a slightly outcast science geek in high school, she had just begun to develop when the show started. A late bloomer, her body had made up for its apparent reluctance to mature by blessing her with height and a killer figure by the time she went to college. She may not have been the vampire slayer of her namesake, but many a young man's heart had been victim to her beauty. Just watching her walk by would cause pulses to race. 

Being a devastating sight to behold was, of course, a double edged sword. While in school, she had been happy to flaunt her curves, and watch the boys.... and male teachers.... trip over themselves. 

That changed during graduate school. She was among the brightest in her class, but found she wasn't being taken seriously by her mostly male counterparts. She began to dress in a way that camouflaged her figure somewhat. She changed her hair, wearing it up in a tight bun; she wasn't willing to cut it, as she loved her long waves of blonde perfection, and there was more to life than work. If anything, it made the off-duty Sarah even more eye catching. Downplaying her obvious femininity was harder than it sounded, but had eventually allowed her to get the respect she deserved. 

Now, she was a full fledged physicist, doing work that had been deemed classified for the government. A quantum leap from her humble beginnings, she had arrived. 

Well, almost. 

No longer needing to disguise herself in an effort to get ahead, she had allowed her inner sexuality to reassert itself. Other than her hair, which she still wore up in the lab, she dressed in a manner more befitting her sex. Slacks were replaced by skirts. Most of her colleagues were supportive. 

Actually, there was only one fly in the ointment; her boss.... an old school, misogynistic prick who took every opportunity to put her in the place he thought she belonged. Under him, in all but the literal sense, although it was clear he would welcome that as well. 

"Not bad Teddy," Sarah said happily, retrieving her lab coat from her locker. 

In the past, she had used that basic, utilitarian garment to hide her distinctive hourglass shape. It hadn't been easy; anything that fit her body wouldn't close over her ample chest, and those that accommodated her bustline fit the rest of her like a garbage bag. Neither was comfortable. 

Since her assignment here, she had solved the problem, having several of the coats tailored to allow for a more appropriate fit. She slipped into one now, and buttoned it up. It wasn't a snug fitting cut, but did allow her to remind others she was a woman. 

Teddy always asked how her trip in was. She suspected it had become more of a habit question than a genuine interest. 

Truthfully, she hardly remembered the commute in to work most days. She got on the subway pretty early in its loop, so usually had no problem getting a seat. She would sit, long legs crossed, doing a crossword or sudoku in the paper, barely aware of the eyes that caressed her from afar. 

On the rare occasion that forced her to stand, she was more cognisant of those around her. Men checking out the rack on the tall blonde. Men ogling her ass in her skirt. She didn't really mind. She wasn't asking for their respect, and it made her feel sexy.... and a little wet. 

"Bishop wants to see you," Teddy said solemnly. "He's such an asshole. He knows exactly what time you get here, but he has to make it sound like you're late, even when you're not." 

"Thanks, Teddy," she exhaled. "I'll go see what he wants, this time." She turned on her heels, and walked out, heading down the hallway and up the stairs to her superior's office. 

I know quite well what he wants, she thought. If he ever has an actual work reason for calling me to his office, I swear I'll faint. No, it's just the usual morning opportunity to undress me with his eyes. It wouldn't be so bad if he wasn't so obvious about it, and he wasn't such an old, lecherous bastard, and..... Oh hell, I'm here.... 

She stopped outside the door. 'Dr. Edwin Bishop', the raised gold lettering said. Even the door was arrogant. 

Sarah took a deep breath, and smoothed her hair. She relaxed her face. She had found that she needed to maintain an icy cool aire around him, lest she smile and inadvertently encourage his attention further. It was largely successful, but had one unfortunate side effect. She knocked, and opened the door. 

"Ah, there you are Seven. Come in please," the older scientist said, his voice dripping with both contempt and lecherous intent. 

I fucking hate that name, and you know it, she inwardly cursed as she stepped in. 

Unlike 'Buffy', which had been started by friends and had no negative emotions attached, the 'Seven' designation drew nothing but hatred from her. She knew the reference.... to Jeri Ryan's character on Star Trek : Voyager.... and knew why he used the name. Top heavy, tall and blonde, the two women had that much in common. Sarah had unwittingly added to the comparison by adopting a cold, emotionless persona around him, and styling her hair at work in a similar vein, just like the Borg character. If it had been anyone but him saying it, she might have taken it as a compliment. After all, Seven of Nine was pretty hot. 

"You wanted to see me?" she said.

The second she uttered the words, she instantly regretted choosing that particular phrase. She saw his eyes dart down from her face to linger on her full, round breasts. Even completely obscured by the smooth, white fabric of her coat, they held his attention. She could only imagine the filthy thoughts that were racing through his mind. It made her skin crawl. 

You're undressing me again. You'd like to do it for real, huh? I'm sure you would, you disgusting asshole. I've half a mind to just show you what you've been dreaming about some day. You want to see me naked? You can't handle me naked! You'd have a heart attack. 

As expected, this 'meeting' had nothing to do with the experiment they were currently planning. Oh, sure, he droned on and on about this detail and that procedure, but it was nothing he hadn't mentioned before, and hardly worth harping on over and over. He couldn't think she didn't know what he was doing, could he? Could anyone be that dense? He didn't even try to hide his furtive glances at her form. 

At last, he appeared to have had enough of his morning leering session, and dismissed her, obviously watching her ass as well. Sarah closed the door behind her, and shuddered. 

"Oh, how I loathe you," she whispered, and went back to the lab. 

***

The ride home today had been a very trying experience. 

She had been running a few minutes behind her usual clearly defined schedule, and as a result, was forced to stand, packed like sardines on the train. Bodies pressed against her from all sides, some obviously enjoying the contact a little too much. The guy in front of her was shorter than her six foot, high heeled height, and spent the entire trip staring at her chest. 

I'm up here, she thought. Take a picture, it'll last longer. Jesus, pal, they're just breasts. Try not to drool on them. Imagine how you'd behave if I was displaying them. They're real, and they're spectacular! 

Finally free of the crowd, Sarah listened to the brisk, rhythmic click - clack of her heels on the concrete sidewalk as she wove her way the two blocks from the station to her apartment building. Stepping into the lobby, she relaxed, and went to retrieve her mail. 

Nothing of consequence awaited her in the little pigeonhole marked 9E, so she sauntered over and pressed the button for the elevator. 

Waiting patiently, she soon found herself with company. 

The trip home had put her in a foul mood, and right now, she was ready to paint the entire male portion of the species with the same brush as she would use for Edwin Bishop, and the asshole on the subway. So, when a sideways glance revealed her new 'friend' to be a man, she silently bristled. 

The door opened with a soft chime, and 'he' gestured to her. 

"Ladies first," he said gently. 

"Um, thank you," Sarah replied, taken aback by his unexpected gallantry. She stepped in quickly, and hit the button for the ninth floor, then watched him follow suit. He looked at her and smiled, then stepped back, giving her space. More specifically.... he looked at her face, not her body, and she noticed. 

"What floor?" she asked. 

"Nine as well," he nodded. 

The doors closed, and the elevator whisked them up to the ninth floor. The chime signalled their arrival. Once again, he gestured for her to precede him. 

Sarah turned left, and walked past 9A and 9C, before reaching her door. She put the key in the lock, then turned her head, curious where he had gone. She saw him, at the door of 9B, doing the same. 

He nodded courteously, and disappeared into his apartment. 

His behaviour was so out of place with what she had been exposed to all day, that she couldn't help noticing.... and wondering who he was? 

***

Inside 9B, Paul Hadley leaned back against the door, and exhaled loudly. 

"Wow," he breathed. "Did you see her?" he asked himself redundantly. "With my luck, she's either married, or a lesbian," he shook his head, and hung up his keys on the hook beside the doorway. 

His apartment was still a sea of boxes, but he'd only been here two days, so it was a work in progress. The kitchen was no further along than the rest of the place. 

Maybe he'd order pizza for dinner. 

***

Sarah opened her door, and stepped out into the hallway. Closing the door behind her, she glanced over to the elevator. Her mystery man had just pushed the button. As she walked up, the door opened, and he made his now customary gesture. 

"Thank you.... Again," she smiled. 

"Not at all," he replied. The doors closed, and she felt the car descending. 

"So.... 9B? New to the building?" she asked, turning to face him. She noticed his eyes again; they were brown, and they never left her face, even when she extended her hand. "I'm Sarah," she introduced herself. 

"Paul," he answered, taking her hand, "and yes, just moved in a couple of days ago." 

"Well Paul," she nodded, returning his firm grip, "welcome to the building. I hope you enjoy it."

I do already, he thought. His peripheral vision caught a hint of cleavage, and the swell of what appeared to be two very nice breasts. Do not stare at the tits, he reminded himself. Some women don't like that. 

At the lobby, Sarah exited, while Paul continued down to the garage. She would have to talk to him about that next time they met. 

***

A couple of days later she got her chance, on the return trip. Sarah was at her mailbox, getting the day's dispatches, when Paul appeared from the garage stairwell. 

"We simply must stop meeting like this," he laughed. "People will talk." 

"Hi Paul," she giggled. "So.... you drive to work?" she asked, shifting the conversation to the question she wanted answered. 

"Yes. I take it you do not," he replied. "I don't like being tied to a schedule. I understand though. Not everyone likes driving." 

"Oh no, I love driving.... It's driving in this city traffic I don't like. Don't even get me started on parking," she smiled. 

"No argument there," he nodded, closing his mailbox door. "I guess my mail hasn't caught up with me yet. Anything good in yours?" 

"Just the usual.... One bill, some junk, a pizza coupon. Got one from my alumni committee," she replied, fanning out the handful. It let him see her name. 

"Dr. Sarah Michelle Horton?" he asked, eyebrows raised. "Doctor of what? Ear, nose and throat?"

"More like electrons, neutrons, and quarks," she smiled. "Although, since ears, noses and throats are made of cells, and those cells are made from molecules, which are made up of electrons, neutrons, and protons.... so in a way, yes."

"Sarah Michelle, huh? You know, there was this show, years ago...." he probed. 

"Hmmm, yes.... Buffy, the Vampire Slayer.... Sarah Michelle Gellar.... I'm aware. I've been 'Buffy' to friends ever since," she giggled. The elevator arrived, and they got on. 

"I have the whole series on DVD.... somewhere in a box. You should come over and watch it sometime," he suggested, then realized he was probably overstepping to boundaries of their very new relationship. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. I know we've only met recently, and you don't know me from a hole in the ground. Besides, a woman as beautiful as you is probably married."

Sarah was a little stunned. It wasn't the first part that surprised her; lots of guys who hardly know her hit on her. What surprised her was the apology, and being called beautiful. 

Truthfully, she was feeling a little lonely. It had been months since she had a date, and longer since her last boyfriend of any consequence. Maybe Paul was just what she needed. 

"Actually," she said softly, "I could use a night of mindless fun. Oh, and I'm not married. How about tonight?" she asked. 

It was Paul's turn to be stunned now. He had been making smalltalk, and it just slipped out. He never expected her to say 'yes', and certainly didn't think she'd say it tonight. 

"Um, yeah.... tonight is fine. I'm sure I can find it, if I put my mind to it. Give me an hour to tidy up? I'm still unpacking," he replied. They had arrived at the ninth floor. 

"Okay. Hey! We can used my pizza coupon!" she laughed. "I'll bring some wine. One hour."

She walked to her door, and unlocked it, casting a parting glance in his direction. He was still walking, his back to her, so he couldn't see her girlish smile before she darted inside. 

Once the door was closed, she started talking to herself. 

"Sarah," she whispered, "What have you done? He's right, you hardly know him, but.... Sure, he's pretty handsome, but there's no need to be all flustered like you are. It's just a night of entertainment, that's all. Just a night of mindless fun....in a man's apartment. Calm down." Her heart was pounding. Despite her urging and conscious efforts to convince herself it was nothing serious, her body was betraying her. She was excited. 

"I need a shower," she sighed, and headed in that direction. 

***

Inside Paul's apartment, he was rummaging through boxes frantically. 

"I should have been more organized," he grumbled, and moved on to the next box. 

"Ah! Eureka!" he cheered, holding the box set aloft triumphantly. "Now, clean up a little, and hit the shower." 

***

Sarah was standing under the warm stream of water, feeling it relax her slowly. The bar of soap in her hand left a trail of soapy suds in its wake as she ran her hands over her body. She was feeling more than just relaxation. 

The soap lubricated her hands, which were sliding freely across her voluptuous curves. She tilted her head back in the spray, and moaned softly, caressing her breasts, her belly, and the tempting depression of her pudendal cleft. 

She didn't really know what had gotten into her. Masturbating in the shower just wasn't her style, and doing it over a guy she hardly knew was really confusing. Maybe she had been keeping her sexual side buried a little too deeply, and now it was bubbling to the surface like lava, an unstoppable force. 

One hand was busy stroking the smooth lips of her pussy, while the other alternately tugged her nipples. 

"Oh god," she breathed, her voice quivering with the approach of her orgasm. "Oh.... Oh god, yes," she whispered, her hands moving faster. "Oh fuck! Gnahhhnnnnn!"

Her legs shook, and her body was wracked with spasms of bliss. It was a much needed release, and left her bent over, her hands braced on her knees, as the water streamed over her, pulling her long blonde hair straight on its way to the drain. She sputtered, and reached up blindly, turning the water colder, to clear her head, and quench any residual urges. 

"Oooooooooo!" she gasped sharply in the icy blast. Her nipples, already erect, pulled tighter at the cold sensation. "That's enough," she shivered, and turned it off. 

Wrapping herself in a towel, she wandered into the bedroom, and opened the closet door. She felt warm, and very relaxed, so her wardrobe choice reflected it; her favourite jeans hugged her ass snugly, with a black satin blouse covering her ample chest. It allowed a variable amount of cleavage to be displayed, according to her mood. 

She dried and brushed her hair, arranging it in a casual but attractive style, hanging to the middle of her back. Looking in the mirror, the Sarah that peered back at her was the polar opposite of work Sarah. She smiled and pulled a bottle of wine out of the cupboard. Heading out the door, she grabbed the pizza coupon from her pile of mail. 

***

Paul was dressed, and sitting quietly in his living room. His head was still spinning a little from his shower. 

Well, actually, it wasn't the shower.... It was what he did in the shower. One thing's for sure; his dick was very clean. The prospect of his incredibly sexy, statuesque neighbour spending time with him tonight had been more than he could ignore. Rather than embarrass himself in her presence, he had performed a preemptive strike. 

A knock on the door woke him up quickly. He leapt up, and answered it, hoping it didn't make him appear too eager. 

"Enter, please," he smiled, as he opened the door. That was before he really saw her. Oh my god, he thought, she's even hotter like this. His eyes flitted across her slightly open neckline briefly, before he wrestled them back up to her face. "Wow," he gasped. "Sarah, you look incredible. Definitely the prettiest nuclear physicist I've ever seen."

"Um, thank you," she giggled. Thank you for noticing, she thought, and I saw your eyes checking me out. I guess that means you're not gay. Good news. I kind of like you. 

She stepped in cautiously, handing the bottle to him. He took it, and directed her into the living room. 

This room had been pretty much set up, and was devoid of boxes. Paul had a big, comfy leather couch, and the obligatory big screen TV, in the 60 inch range. 

"I suppose we should order dinner before we start the Buffy marathon," Paul suggested. "Pizza, you said?"

"It doesn't have to be," she replied. "I only suggested it because I had the coupon in my hand," she added, fishing the slip of paper out of her back pocket. 

"Pizza works for me," he nodded. "Please tell me you're not one of those vegetarian girls? I don't think I can handle tofu on my pizza."

"Oh yes. Tofu, bean sprouts, pineapple...." she answered, looking at the sour face he was making. She burst out laughing. "Vegetarian? Me? Hell, no! Must have meat! Pepperoni.... sausage.... bacon.... ground beef. No anchovies, though," she giggled, making a face of her own. "Hate anchovies." 
