 It started off innocently enough, just a few smiles and winks at the office leading to joining him and the other gentlemen in the garage for a drink after work. As time progressed, we became more friendly, his arm around my shoulder in a quick hug and the sexual innuendo. Tension had been growing between us for months and it caused my heart and body to ache whenever he walked into the room. It was an incredibly charged flirtation except for the fact that he was married and had children my age. 

I knew that he was planning on staying late that evening to work on his truck and as luck would have it Jenny left early, Hal was off and Andrew had an appointment after work so I was alone to close the office. I was locking the safe, shutting down the copier and coffee maker, going through the nightly routine and he came out to chat as I was getting ready to go. I sat down to log the last couple invoices and print up the list of appointments for the next day. I was taking my time knowing that if I waited long enough he would make a move....and then he did, haha. Men are so predictable.

He moved behind me and began massaging my neck and shoulders. I moaned softly as his warm calloused hands worked deep into my muscles easing a week's worth of tension. He leaned down and kissed the back of my neck then unpinned my long brown hair from it's neat bun and ran his fingers gently through it. He went back to the massage and slipped his right hand down under my shirt to cup my left breast. I leaned back in the chair a bit, arching my back to allow him greater access and tilted my head back to look at him. His warm eyes met mine and we both smiled as he pinched and flicked my nipple between his rough but gentle fingers.

He abruptly removed his hands from my body and began walking away. When he reached the doorway he turned, "Lock up the office, turn out the lights. I'm going to lock up the gate. Meet me in my office." he said with a wink.

My heart was racing and my fingers trembled as I turned off the computers, unplugged the tv, hit the lights and locked the doors. I could feel my hardened nipples against the black lace bra and the faint moisture between my legs. Every movement caused a jolt of electricity through my overly sensitive body. I was terrified that I would cum while walking through the garage to his office. I walked as quickly as I could, my kitten heels clicking in staccato across the concrete floor. I pulled open the glass door to his shop and peeked around the corner into his tiny office. He wasn't there. I sat at his desk and made myself comfortable, leaned back and wound my hair up into a messy bun secured with a pencil. 

A moment later he walked in. "You're not naked yet?" he joked with a wicked grin. 

"That can easily be arranged." I stood and took a step toward him toying with the buttons of my blouse. I met his eyes and continued toward him. I pressed my lower body against his as I began unbuttoning his shirt, eyes still locked. I could feel his hard cock twitch and strain against the fabric of his khaki pants. I untucked his shirt and removed it gently from his broad shoulders moving in for a kiss as his hands were incapacitated behind him. When his arms were released, he took my face in his hands and kissed my lips, and again released my hair. He kept one hand on the back of my head, kissing me, and moved his other to the buttons on my blouse, unfastening them quickly and and deftly. He removed my blouse and tossed it onto his cluttered desk. His kisses deepened, his tongue slipping gently into my mouth and toying with mine, nibbling on my lower lip as he reached behind me to unclasp my bra. As he pulled it off of me sliding the straps down my arms and discarding it to the growing pile on the desk, I reached out and grasped the hem of his t-shirt, pulling it briskly over his head. He pulled me close to him, crushing my pale, soft breasts and hardened nipples against his tanned, firm chest, the soft hairs tickling my skin. He wrapped his arms around my shoulders and I placed my hands on his waist and moving them up between us, feeling his sexy hairy chest under my fingertips and palms. 

"What do you want?" he asked. Our embrace relaxed, his hands rested at my waist, mine on his forearms. I looked questioningly into his eyes, then blushed and looked away. Here I was half naked and making out with a married man nearly twice my age at work no less. "No need to get shy," he took my chin in his hand and tilted my face to look into my eyes, "I just want you to be happy. Tell me what you want. I'm all yours tonight." He gently kissed my lips then looked into my eyes as he twirled a strand of my hair around his finger. 

I looked down and stepped closer, my left arm around his waist, my right hand on the side of his face, I looked into his eyes and whispered, "I want you to kiss me, to hold me, make love to me..."

"Gladly." He pinned me gently against his filing cabinet and kissed my lips then worked his way down my jaw and over my collar bone and then to my breast to meet his hand. He dropped to his knees before me, squeezed my breast with one hand while twirling his tongue around my nipple interspersed with light biting and sucking, his other hand squeezing and rubbing my ass and pulling me closer to him. After working both of my nipples rock hard and trembling in the cool air, his hands moved to the zipper on my skirt, easing it down over my hips. I stepped out of the skirt pooled on the floor revealing my black satin bikini panties. He kissed my hip bones with a hand resting on each then moved his hand between my legs stroking my wet panties.

"You're over-dressed." I stated as I placed a finger under his chin and brought him to his feet. I kissed him softly and ran my fingers down his chest to his belt. I fumbled briefly with his belt buckle and slid his pants and boxers down to his ankles and got on my knees to untie and remove his shoes and the remainder of his clothes. He placed his hand gently on my head, playing with my hair. I knelt before him, his hard cock free of clothing and much larger than I'd expected. I wrapped my right hand around the base, my left on the back of his muscular thigh and took just the head into my warm, wet mouth and swirled my tongue over it. I slowly began stroking my hand up and down his long, thick shaft as I took slightly more of his cock into my mouth. I continued working my hand over his cock and began licking and lightly sucking his balls. He moaned and entangled his fingers in my hair pulling me closer to him. I lightly grazed my teeth against his sensitive skin and after licking him from base to tip several times, I again took his thick cock into my mouth. I increased the tempo and the depth and, though I wasn't able to take his full length down my throat, I could feel his muscles tensing as he grew close to release. He held my hair gently out of my face and watched me sucking his cock, our eyes met and he said, "I'm going to cum." I blinked in answer and continued working his cock. I wanted to feel him orgasm, to please him and to drink every drop like nectar. It wasn't long until I felt his body go rigid, his hands gently pulling my hair as he threw his head back and groaned as he released into me. I gave him a few more strokes until the waves of orgasm subsided and cleaned his cock of any stray semen before rising to my feet. 

He held me close and kissed my lips. I could feel his still hard cock pressed against my belly and knew that he had more than just a blowjob in mind. He backed me up to his desk and perched me on the edge, kissed me again and leaned me back to rest on my elbows. He gently parted my legs a bit and ran his fingers up and down my wet panties and slipped his fingers within the leg to slide one into my pussy. He withdrew his finger and licked my juices off, sampling just a taste of my body. He held his cock in his hand and began rubbing it against my pussy through the satin panties. I spread my legs slightly more to move closer to him, I ached to feel his huge cock buried to the hilt inside me, my body stretching to accommodate his massive length and girth. "What do you want?" he asked again while teasing me, pressing his cock against my tight entrance through the soft fabric. 

"I want you, I want you inside me, I want to feel every inch of you." My voice broke as I whispered the words, tears forming in my eyes. 

"Are you okay? What's wrong? Why are you crying?" he asked with noticeable concern in his voice. He took my hands in his and gently sat me up, brought my hands to his lips and gently kissed my knuckles his eyes on mine. I dropped my head and wrapped my arms around him and rested it against his strong chest. He held me close and rubbed my back. 

"Sweetie, what's wrong? You can tell me...please?"

"You're married."

"I know this. It's okay, I promise. You're not doing anything wrong here, only I am. You have no reason to feel guilty, but we can stop if you want to, okay? It's all up to you..."

"Okay." I whispered against his chest as I laid light kisses against his soft skin. I leaned back slightly to look into his eyes. He took my face in his hands and gently wiped away my tears. I smiled weakly. 

"You're so beautiful." He kissed me softly on my lips and gently pushed me back on the desk, propped up on my elbows. He pulled my panties off and knelt between my legs. I could feel his breath quicken in excitement as he kissed my thighs moving ever closer to my tight, wet pussy. He started licking along my slit opening my pussy lips and tasting me, moving his tongue upward and focusing on my hard little clit. He lubricated the tips of two fingers in my moisture and ran them up and down my slit and began tracing small, light circles over my clit. He alternated between his fingers and tongue on my clit while dipping the other into my pussy gradually moving from gentle touches to finger fucking me hard and fast. "I want you to cum for me, baby. Let yourself release." He worked his fingers in and out of me while rubbing my clit with his thumb and I bucked my hips hard against his hand as my orgasm tore through me. My pussy clamped tightly on his fingers as he continued tapping them against my g-spot and circling my clit. As the orgasm finally subsided, I felt him slowly remove his fingers from me and start kissing and licking my juices from my dripping cunt. 

He stood again and leaned over me on the desk, kissing me gently, mixing the tastes of both of our bodies in my mouth. I could feel his hard, throbbing cock against the entrance of my body, the length of it rubbing against my wet pussy lips and my swollen clit. I arched my hips to angle him directly against my tight hole, and placed one hand on the back of his head, kissing him deeply. I spread my legs a bit wider to fully accommodate his hard cock. He pushed gently against me and I gasped against his mouth as the large head of his cock began entering my body. He straightened and grasped his cock, began sliding it up and down against my wet slit to lubricate the head then pulled my legs up against his chest, my ankles by his ears. My pussy even tighter now with my legs closed, he gently pressed the head of his cock against my opening. He slowly forced his cock into me, first the head, I gasped in pain as my muscles involuntarily tightened around him. He paused and let me relax before continuing. Inch by inch, he worked his long, thick cock into me, gently kissing and stroking my calves and grinning ear to ear as he began increasing the pace of his thrusts. I laughed as I felt his cock bottoming out against my cervix and he began fucking me harder, pulling his huge cock out of me almost completely before forcing it back into me in one fast, deep thrust like a battering ram. Every time he pounded his cock into me a slight whimper escaped my lips and I winced in both pleasure and pain, my hands on his hips, I dug my nails into his skin. 

He pulled out and stood back and extended his hand to me. I grasped it and smiled. He pulled me up off the desk onto my feet, kissed me hard on the mouth and turned me around. He bent me over the desk and spread my legs wide. He slid two fingers into me, then wrapped his hand around his cock and gave it a couple quick strokes while fingering my already sore pussy. He took his fingers out and replaced them with his cock, again having to inch his way in as my body adjusted. He slapped my ass hard and thrust in a couple more inches, grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back and forced a couple more inches into me, then leaned forward over my body and pressed his hand against my throat just enough to spike my adrenaline and slammed his cock in to the hilt. I gasped as he pounded his cock into me and his balls slapped against my pussy. He grabbed my hips and fucked me harder than I've ever been and spanked me until my ass was covered with big red hand prints. I could feel my body tensing and he responded by slamming his cock full-length into me and covering my body with his, he pressed his hand against my throat again and laid kisses over my back and shoulders as I came, wave after wave of orgasm crashing over me and causing my body to shudder and my knees to go weak. As my body tensed a final time and relaxed, he gently removed his cock. I stood and turned to him, our mouths met again in a passionate kiss, and I could still feel his hard cock between my legs. He smiled, "Still got more in ya?"

He walked over to an armless chair in the corner and moved it to the center of the room. He sat down on the chair and took me into his lap, my legs over to one side. He kissed me gently and played with my breasts, pinching and sucking on my nipples and kneading the soft flesh. I stood and straddled his hips and carefully lowered myself onto his hard cock. I worked his cock in and out of my pussy until I was able to take it all then rode him slow and deep, our arms wrapped tightly around each other as we kissed. He massaged my breasts and I began riding him harder, impaling myself again and again, I kissed his jaw, his neck, licked and nibbled his earlobes and lightly bit his shoulder. As I fucked him harder, I could feel his body starting to tense and felt my own orgasm building inside me. I was growing breathless with anticipation, each breath coming in a quick gasp, my heart racing, "Cum for me baby. Cum inside me please." I whispered almost begging. 

"Not yet." he replied with a smile, his own breath growing ragged. "I'm not even close to being done with you."

He picked me up and pinned me against the door, our bodies never losing contact. I wrapped my legs tightly around his waist and angled my hips to accept him more deeply. The cold metal door against the length of my back heightened the feelings of the heat between our sweaty bodies. His thrusts were rhythmic and forceful, deep, but shorter due to our tight embrace. I had my arms draped over his shoulders, hands tugging gently at his hair, his palms were flat against the door at my sides as he fucked me deeply. He kissed me hard, his tongue danced with mine, he bit my lower lip as he rammed me. My hard nipples were tickled by his chest hair and all of the sensations combined were bringing me ever closer to release. 

He grabbed my ass, yanked open the door and carried me laughing across the garage to his truck parked in one of the bays. He opened the door with one hand, his other arm wrapped tightly around my waist, and lifted me into the cab laying me on the bench seat. He spread my legs wide, one foot resting on the back of the seat, the other on the dash. He knelt between my legs and licked and swirled his tongue in my pussy giving me a short break from being stretched by his huge cock. After he'd gotten me nice and wet, he forced his cock back into me in one quick thrust. I winced and gasped in pain as he shoved his cock full-length into me, my pussy tightened reflexively around him. "Just making sure I had your attention." he laughed. He began moving in long, slow, rhythmic strokes, I could feel every ridge and detail of his long, thick cock. He ran his hands over my body, up my sides and over my breasts, pinching my nipples between his fingers, his eyes locked on mine as he slid his cock in and out of my body, watching my face as he gave me pleasure and pain. He teased me by pulling out completely and working just the head through my tight gate and I tilted my hips to draw him into me. "What do you want, baby?" he asked, his voice low, husky. 

"I want you to cum for me, deep deep inside me. Fuck me until we cum together." I replied arching my back and hips.

Those words were all he needed, he slammed his cock into me full force and fucked me hard and fast. He lay on top of me, his chest crushing my breasts and the friction driving me crazy as he pounded his cock deep into my tight pussy. I moaned against his lips as we kissed and ran my nails down his back and tightly gripped his shoulders. I wanted him even deeper inside me and moved my legs back so I could link my arms behind my knees and place my bare feet on the ceiling. He groaned in pleasure as he changed angles and ramped up the speed and intensity of his thrusts. "Oh god, oh god, that's it." I moaned as his cock slammed again and again into my cervix, rubbing over and over against my g-spot. I squeezed my eyes shut and clenched my teeth as the muscles in my vagina clenched around his cock. 

"I'm coming, baby." he groaned. He shoved his cock into me one last time and I felt it jerking and throbbing as he shot his hot cum into my depths. My body tensed a final time and relaxed, I released my legs and rested the right on the back of the seat, the left draped off the side of the seat with my foot resting on the passenger floor. He collapsed on top of me, his head resting on my pillowy breasts. I wrapped my left leg around his waist and stroked his hair, neck and shoulders as we caught our breath. 

"That was incredible." I said laughing. 

"Incredible is an understatement." he replied. "I've been dreaming of you for months, but my dreams never came close to this." He gently kissed my breasts. 

"Sooo, I guess that means this may be more than a one-time thing?" 

"Just let me know when you want to work late again." he laughed. "I'll fuck your tight little pussy anytime you want."

"Really? You want to go another round right now?" I joked.

"Ha ha, you are completely insatiable, aren't you?" I felt his cock growing hard again inside my pussy and he jerked his hips in a quick thrust, "Does that answer your question?"

...................................

First time post...Definitely tell me what you think, would love compliments and ideas for improvement on future stories.