 John stood waist deep in the water and looked at Gina, as she took off the light cover-up she'd worn over her swimsuit. She rolled it up and set it on the sand, then stood and looked out over water. A wave broke around John, almost knocking him over, and when he looked back at her, she was standing at the edge of the water, grinning at him. 

She was beautiful, standing there, wearing only three small triangles of cloth. It was late August, and the water was as warm as it ever gets in the Great Lakes. John relaxed in the cool water, enjoying the pleasant relief it offered from the 90-degree air inland. The surf broke around him, occasionally lifting him off his feet as he watched Gina slowly wade out to him. 

Gina yelled briefly as she lost her balance in the surge, then came up grinning. "I've never been where there's surf before," she said. "This is fun." 

"That's why I brought you here," John said, grinning as she shook her wet hair out of her face. "Want to try body surfing?" 

"I don't know, is it safe?" 

"Watch. Get used to the feel of the water while I show you." 

The surf on the Great Lakes isn't usually high enough for serious body surfing, but you can ride an occasional wave. There was a brisk breeze blowing towards the shore, so the surf was high enough that John had fun showing Gina how to do it. Fifteen minutes later, Gina had found her wave and let it wash her onto the fine sand of the beach. She laughed as she sat up and let the next wave wash the sand off her front. 

"You OK?" John called, not sure she could hear him over the sound of the surf. 

"Sure," she called as she got up and waded out towards him. "That wasfun," she said when she was close enough to talk without yelling. "I've got sand in my bikini, though, ugh." 

"Take off your suit and clean it out," John suggested. 

"What?" she said. 

"Who's to see," John asked, scanning the empty beach. "We're a quarter mile from the nearest people, and you're under water; there's nothing to be modest about..." John lost his balance to a wave, and when he came up Gina was laughing at him. 

He grinned as he saw her bend down to take off her swimsuit's bottom and then wade out into deeper water before taking off the top. As she undid the bow that held it on, she lost her balance to another wave. She came up sputtering and yelling something. 

John couldn't make out what she was yelling until he got closer. "I let go of my swimsuit when that damn wave hit," she said, looking angry. 

John ducked under the water and looked. He couldn't see very well under the water, but the suit ought to have been easy to see. He saw Gina, standing in all her naked glory, and occasionally being lifted by a wave, he saw a small fish swimming nearby, staying in one place with its head pointed towards the beach, but he didn't see a swimsuit. 

As he came up, he realized what the fish told him. "There's a bit of an undertow here," he said, "nothing dangerous, but enough to take away a swimsuit." 

"So what do I do?" 

"Relax and enjoy it?" John said, grinning at her. She didn't return his grin, so he thought about what they had. "You wore a cover-up over your bikini on the way here, you can wear it when we walk back to the car." 

"But it was almost transparent!" 

John grinned again. "We'll walk back through the dunes to the parking lot, that way, we won't run into any crowds." 

She looked seriously at him and then at the long line of dunes. The lot was behind the lighthouse that rose over the dunes half a mile away, and most of the people who used the beach were there as well. "OK, I guess that's as good a plan as any. Want to go get my shirt and shake out the sand before I get out of the water?" 

"Why hurry," he said. "We've hardly been in the water 20 minutes, and I like seeing you swimming nude. It's really getting me hot." 

She looked at him with a pained look, but before she could respond, they both lost their balance to a wave. When John came up, Gina was laughing. 

"OK, we'll stay," she said. "These waves are sort of fun." 

John caught the next wave and rode it to the sand, then rolled over and looked back at Gina. She floated neck-deep in the water, and as the next wave approached her, she looked over her shoulder and then dove forward to ride it shoreward. As she dove, her breasts were briefly out of the water, and as she rode the wave, John watched her pretty, tight ass. 

As the wave washed back off the sand, John looked at Gina's naked body as it was briefly exposed on the sand. She grinned at John when she noticed his eyes on her, but as the next wave broke over her, she slid back into the water with it. John felt his cock slowly relax as she disappeared under the water. 

John got up and waded back into the surf, following Gina. She was swimming low in the water while he waded, and he almost caught up with her when he was tumbled by a wave. When he came up, she giggled at him. "You liked looking at my body, didn't you?" 

"Yes," he said. "You've got a great body." 

She stood up as the next wave passed and smiled at him as the water fell to expose first her breasts, and then very briefly her pussy. John noticed that her nipples were erect, but he wasn't sure if it was the water temperature or sexual excitement. Before he had a chance to find out, they were both tumbled by the next wave. 

Gina laughed as they came up. "Let's ride a wave together and then head for the car, OK?" 

"OK," John said. They stood hand in hand waiting for the right wave,and then dove forward as it approached. The wave lifted them, and they slid down it's face as it drove them onto the beach. 

"Do you mind checking to see if anyone's near?" Gina said, propping herself up on her elbows as the next wave washed around her. 

John got up and looked around, seeing nobody. "OK," he said, and then watched while Gina rolled over on her back to let the next wave wash over her naked breasts. He felt his cock harden as she got up, and as she walked up the beach to him, she smiled at him. 

"That suit's not really made for a hard-on," she said as she drew near. 

"No, ... you are pretty hot though." 

She gave him a gentle kiss, and he felt his cock expanding in his swimsuit as she briefly pressed her cool wet breasts against his chest. Her lips were cool at first, but as she kissed him, they grew warm. He was disappointed when she broke the kiss to bend down and pick up her shirt. 

"Come on," she said, walking towards the line of dunes. 

"Aren't you going to put the shirt on?" 

"I was, but then I realized it would just stick to me and make me look like one of those wet T-shirt contest winners. Anyway, now that I'm out here with nothing on, I kind of like it. I've never been skinny-dipping before, but I'd be tempted to do it again." 

"You acted like it really bothered you at first." 

"I guess it did, but I guess that's just habit. I remember when I was a kid, the minister at our church once told a story about skinny-dipping." 

"Your minister?" 

She laughed. "Yup, he was talking about how we sometimes confuse habits with morality." 

He fell behind to look at her gorgeous ass as she walked across the hot sand, and as he watched her, he thought about filling her tight, hot, pussy with his hard cock. 

By the time they reached the dunes, his swimsuit was still wet, but the hot dry air of late August had dried their skin. The face of the dune was steep and Gina paused to put on her cover-up before trying to climb the steep slope. 

John thought it would be disappointing when she covered herself, but he'd forgotten the nature of her cover-up. She turned to him after she put it on and asked, "how's this look?" 

The cover-up was made as much to show off what was worn under it as to hide anything. It covered her loosely from shoulders to mid-thigh, but when she faced him, her breasts showed clearly against the almost sheer fabric. 

"I like it," he said, kissing her and feeling the texture of the fabric sliding over her ass under his hands. She returned his kiss and gave him a quick hug before starting to climb the shifting sands of the dune. He liked watching her ass through the thin cloth as she climbed, but she waited for him when she realized he was behind her. 

"You know," she said as they reached the top of the dune. "If the water were a bit warmer, it might have been fun to make love in the surf." 

John felt his cock tighten again. "I'd like to make love to you now." 

She squeezed his hand as they wound their way along the dune top towards the distant lighthouse. "Out here, in public?" 

"What public?" he asked. 

She hugged him as they walked on. "If we had a blanket or even a beach towel, I'd go along with you, but I don't like the idea of digging sand out of myself." 

"Sorry, I hadn't thought of that," John said. They came to a break in the line of dunes and had to scramble down and back up to the ridge,and as they reached the top, John had an idea. "Want to try it with you riding me?" 

She stopped walking and looked at him. "Are you serious?" 

"Yes." 

She walked away from him along the dune top. The way she walked made it obvious that she wanted to think by herself, so John let her walk ahead. 

He admired her as she walked ahead of him, enjoying the play of the sun on and through her cover-up as it rippled in the wind. She walked on the sand between low hummocks of grass and scrub cherry that grew on the top of the dune, then climbed one of the taller hummocks. 

After a pause, to look around, she walked down towards him, smiling, as her breasts bounced pleasantly under her cover-up. "Let's do it!" she said as they came together. "Come on!" 

His cock hardened as he followed her to a nearby hollow in the top of the dune. As they entered the hollow, she slipped off the cover-up and hung it on one of the scrub bushes growing to one side of the hollow. He looked at her as she stood surveying the hollow. 

John slid out of his swimsuit and set it on the scrubby growth next to her cover-up, then gave Gina a kiss. Her erect nipples gently brushed his chest as they kissed, and then she pressed her body tightly against his hardness as they hugged. 

"This is fun," she whispered, pausing briefly. "Come on!" She led him to a grassy tussock, and continued to stand as he sat on it. The grass was hot and it tickled his bottom as he sat on it, but he hardly noticed it. She stood in front of him at arm's length looking down at his hard cock, then knelt in front of him with her hands behind his head. 

His ran his hands slowly up and down her the soft skin of her waist, and then pulled her towards him to kiss her breast. He kissed the soft skin around her erect nipples, and then began gently sucking. She pulled his head to her breast and stroked his hair as he sucked harder. Yessss.... As he ran his hands over her tiny ass, she pressed her hips against his stomach. 

He could feel the moisture of her pussy, and as she rocked her hips, her thigh brushed his throbbing cock. He held her hips and pushed gently down while he let go of her nipple and began kissing his way up towards her neck. His lips tingled with every kiss, and his cock stiffened in anticipation as she straddled him and began lowering herself over it. 

She gently brushed the mouth of her pussy against the tip of his hard cock, then slowly engulfed. He hugged her to him as he felt her hot pussy sliding down over him, then kissed her under the chin as they began to rock. 

John caught the rhythm of the surf as he pounded his cock into Gina's hot pussy. She was so wet, he couldn't take it anymore. 

As the sound of the distant surf swept over them, she fiercely kissed him and then leaned back and let out a shuddering moan as she climaxed. 

She smiled calmly up at him as she leaned back with her arms around him, then began to pump herself up and down on him. He reached for her breasts, marveling at their beauty before the sensation of her engulfing wet pussy overwhelmed him. He climaxed convulsively, thrusting his cock into her as she sat down hard in his lap, and then he held her tightly for a long time as he relaxed in the afterglow of his orgasm. 

"That was fun," she said quietly, still holding onto his limp cock with her pussy. 

He smiled back at her, feeling a bit disappointed as she got up off him and smiled down at his penis as it glistened in the sun. He didn't want to talk yet, but when she handed him his swimsuit, he brushed the sand off himself and put it on before he followed her up out of the hollow in the dunes towards the parking lot. 

They had to scramble down two more breaks in the line of dunes and climb to the next dune top, before they finally walked down the irregular back of the dune to the parking lot. They could hear the voices of children playing near the lighthouse as they walked into the half-full lot, but nobody was in sight as John and Gina walked over the hot sand to the car. 

He finally spoke as he sat in the driver's seat. "I hope you don't mind having sex in public." 

She smiled at him, then reached over and kissed him. "Nope. That was a 50 dollar bikini, but it was worth it."