 It was late. I was working out at the park opposite my apartment complex. Sometimes when I am unable to jog in the mornings I do it at late nights. Movement catches my eye. Its quite late, the park is always empty at this time. A woman is standing, looking at me. She is wearing black running tracks, a neon green T shirt. I notice headphones dangling in her hand. She is breathing heavily as sweat glistens off her chest and arms. Realizing I'm shirtless, my immediate reaction is to cover up. But something deep down inside urges me to stay as is. I feel an awakening in my shorts. She walks slowly toward me, our gaze never breaking. Standing in front of me, she pulls down on my earbud cords; I forgot they were in. The quiet of the night is only broken by our breathing. There is a look of challenge in her eyes. Was she challenging me to out jog her? I nodded. 

A smile draws across her lips. I start jogging ahead. I hear her footsteps falling behind me. I look back "Ready?" I ask with a smile.

I ask "What does the winner get?"

I look over at her, she smiles never looking back at me. "Winner gets to call the shots...GO!" she shouts and giggles as she begins bounding down the track..

We jogged for around 15 minutes before she fell back breathless. I kept jogging for another minute and turned back and ran. She was on the track, her breathing better now as she looked at me. " I won " I said. 

She got up, smiling she walks close to me and places her hands on my bare chest. Awaiting her next move in eager anticipation, I'm driven mad with curiosity. She leans toward my ear and whispers, "Pull your shorts down."

She steps back, folds her arms and smiles at me. I call her bluff, hook my thumbs in the waist band of my shorts and push them down. I kick them off, and stand there in black shorts and my shoes.

"That's it?" she teases.

Her sexy tone makes my already hardening cock to strain against the fabric. I pull the shorts down and off and toss it aside.

Standing there naked, aside from my shoes, the coolness of the night hits my body. This in no way eases my erection.

She steps closer and gets on her knees in front of me. Looking up at me with her beautiful eyes she begins to lick from the base of my shaft all the way to the tip of my cock. Her warm breath wisps past the tip of my cock. In one quick move she jams her mouth around my entire cock. She pushes her mouth to engulf every inch of my hard on. Her eyes close as she expertly works her mouth and tongue. Her hands caress up my thighs, over my hips and make their way to my back side. One hand cupping one cheek each, she pulls my cock deeper into her mouth and I feel her gag a little. She slowly pulls her head back, looking up at me. My cock slides out, her wet mouth drips down onto her chest. She stands up, my cock sliding down her body as she does.

She pushed me down on my knees.

She steps closer to me, my face inches away from her body. She removes her track pants, standing above me in the work out jersey and white cotton panties. Placing a hand on the back of my head, she shoves my face into her pussy mound. I feel her warm pussy through the thin fabric. She begins to grind her sweet, salty, warm, wet pussy against my mouth as I push my tongue forward. Feeling this she lets out a little moan and begins to grind harder against me. Her salty sweat becomes instantly overpowered by the sweetness of her arousal. She looks down at me; our eyes interlock as she rubs her mound against my mouth. She forces the panties aside, exposing her soaking vaginal lips. I push my tongue between them, feeling her pussy from inside. Her juice begins to drip down my chin as each movement of her hips forces my tongue in and out of her. I work on her for about ten minutes. She stops with my tongue just outside of her pussy lips, looking down at me I recognize that look in her eyes. Her head jolts back as she moans loudly. I feel her sweet nectar drip out onto my tongue as she comes onto it. Her face moves forward looking down at me again as I feel her thighs quiver. Two quick shudders ripple through her body as she begins to collapse down into my arms. Her juicy wet pussy sits on top of the shaft of my cock, I wait, longing for more.

"uggggghhhhhhhhh...sssssssssss...," she whimpers 

Her hips begin to gyrate again, this time against the top of my shaft. Her mouth finds mine as she forces her tongue against mine. We kiss quickly, our tongues rolling over one another. The tip of my cock teases the opening of her pussy with every grind from her hips. She moves her hips back just a little, letting the tip of my cock flick up against her clit. She pushes me onto my back, the cold pain of the cement track adds to the pleasure of this exotic moment. She places her pussy over my thick cock. Her throbbing lips slide back and forth over either side of my hard shaft. The tip of my cock exposed to the night air. She pushes the jersey up over her breasts; her perfect breasts. One hand reaches behind her as she begins to gently massage my balls, her other hand on my hard stomach. She begins to grind her hips, her pussy sliding back and forth on my shaft. The tip of my hard cock slides under her clit with each passing thrust. Looking up at this fantastically sexy stranger riding my shaft, my balls tense as I'm about to lose control. She feels this in her hand, and quickly looks into my eyes.

"uummmm uuuhhhh..ssshhssssss...," Her voice like silk in the night. I let go, my warm come shooting out all over my stomach. She feels the pulsating of the underside of my cock between her pussy lips and against her clit. This causes one last orgasm in her. She rubs my cum against her mound as she unleashes her sweetness onto my shaft. Her grinding pace does not let up, as she moves her amazing breast to her mouth to taste her skin. With a few more strokes of my cock with her pussy, she gets up, pushes her jersey back over her breast and pulls her track pants up over her legs, and over her fantastic firm buttocks. She bends over and kisses me nice and long.

She leans back, looks me in the eye and whispers, "Thanks." She turns and jogs down. I lay there naked on the cold cement; a pool of sweat surrounds me like a halo of pleasure, unable to believe what had just happened.