 It felt like holiday season, with house parties, weddings to attend, people from all over visiting friends and family in the city, and Christmas and New Year's Eve round the corner. Everyone was in the mood to have a good time, unwind, take some time off and party. You often had many events to go to, meet people from out of town, and occasionally have the luck of meeting someone quite interesting that you hit it off with. 

his year, I was one such lucky person. Through December, I was out at events, and a friend of mine introduced me to her friend visiting from Hong Kong.

I am a 25 year old guy, been back in Bombay a couple of years now, working. I always look forward to this time of year, as the rest of the year is always too hectic to do anything different. I'm about 5'10', dark brown hair, light brown eyes and fair for an Indian. I have about an average physique. I am a little shy and reserved, so I tend not to mingle with new people right away. But this time, when I met Avni, things were different. It's not one of those cheesy, love at first sight type moments, but definitely some sort of connection. Firstly, her beauty was something that caught my attention. She was 21 years old, about 5'6", dark hair down to the middle of her back, just that tad bit wavy, making it ultimately sexy. A fair enough complexion but yet a slightly tanned shade. Light eyes, a gorgeous smile, and delicious pouty lips. She was slender, but curvaceous, and from what I could tell, she had a lean body, with perky firm breasts that suited her body perfectly, and a set of slender legs and a firm ass. It may sound like she's an average beautiful girl, but something about her that made it special.

Anyways, we started hanging out at these parties, and clubs, and dinners, and got to talking a lot. It was an immediate connection, and never one of those awkward, uhhh, what now, kind of moments. At times, it got a little touchy feely too, but we neither of us had the guts at that time to take it much further. I knew she was here only for a few more days, and that if it all it would have been one of those infamous flings people have this time of year. I wasn't very keen on joining that club, but Avni, I could not resist. That physical lust between us just had to be cured. And both of us knew it was going to happen.

31st night rolled around, and we were at a house party till 5 or 6 am. When we left, Avni asked if there was some place the two of us could relax and spend some time alone, and luckily enough, my house was empty that week. After dropping the rest home, we made our way to my place. Both of us freshened up a bit, and were lying on the bed talking about the past week and what we feel about each other. Neither of us has really done something like this before, but it all seemed so natural. 

Avni suddenly changed her tone, and started explaining to me the feelings she gets when thinks about me in a certain way. This for sure was exciting me to no end, and results were evident. Avni gave me a smile, knowing very well the effect she was having on me.

I brought her closer to me, and we kissed. Our lips met, and it turned into the most passionate kiss I have ever had. Her moist lips caressing mine, my tongue slightly opening them and finding hers. Our tongues met, and got into a hot passionate embrace, our bodied grinding against each others. The electricity, the heat, the passion between us was still building up.

I ran my hand through her silky hair, bringing her closer to me. I started sucking her lower lips as she started to softly moan. We both were finally getting what we wanted with each other.

We were in an embrace for what felt like hours, and we did not want to stop. But Avni had to get home before her family got worried. We made a plan to meet back at my place later that day once we had rested.

I must've have had a hard on all night after that intense episode. And I could not wait to see her again, to feel her again.

Luckily, the afternoon came by quickly, and before I knew it, Avni was back at my place. 

This time, neither of us beat around the bush, and I embraced her right away, kissing those juicy lips once again. I held her close, and started sucking her lips. Tracing my tongue lower to her neck, up and down, up to her ear, gently sucking and driving her wild. I blew on her neck, which made her squirm in my arms, Im sure she was drenched down below. 

We managed to separate ourselves from each other just for a few seconds. I started removing Avni's clothes, as she did mine, faster than we thought we ever could. Finally, her gorgeous breasts were free, and were absolutely perfect, a 34D I later found out, my favourite. Her pussy neatly trimmed, her body firm but lithe, and her skin so smooth.

She stripped me down to my boxers, I guess she was a little shy to go any further, so I let her take her time. She could see the tent I had built down there, after her having tuned me on so intensely. I told her to relax, and we'll take it slow, and laid her on the bed. We started kissing again, I just couldn't get enough of those lips. I ran my hands through her hair, and started licking lower and lower down her body. Finally, I got to her breasts. I was dying to massage them and lick her firm nipples. I took her bright breasts in my hands and started to gently massage, I took her left nipple in my mouth and gently sucked, running my tongue around and over. I could feel Avni going crazy when I did that, so I started doing it a bit faster. She was breathing very heavily now, and she couldn't keep still. I could tell she was on the verge of an eruption long awaited. I alternated from nipple to nipple, faster and faster.

She kept on moaning, and got louder and louder. Until finally, she nearly screamed, 

"Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhh Yaaaaaaaaaaa babyyyyyy, ohhhhhh yaaaaa, faster faster, Im cumming!!!" 

Her body going left to right, she held onto to me so tight.

I went faster and faster, and for 5 minutes she kept on cumming. It was like nothing ever before. Finally, she lay still, and her breathing less heavy. I held her close, and we kissed. 

She said, "That was unbelievable, I never knew that could happen."

So I asked, "Was that the first time you've ever had that done?" 

She said, "Ya, I've actually only kissed a guy before."

So, with that, I said, "Well, there is a lot more to come sweetheart, I hope you have the energy." She said, "I can't wait, I need to feel you in me."

I kissed her passionately again, and started going lower and lower, this time, passing her breasts, going right down to her legs. I kneeled up, and started to kiss up and down her thighs, each time, going closer and closer to her hot and drenched pussy.

Finally, plunging down, and kissing her moist pussy lips, and licking my tongue up and down, up and down, flicking my tongue in her hole. 

She screamed again, "aaaahhh baby, wow, that is intense, do not stop!"

I went on and on, up and down, up and down, licking her and sucking her pussy, and eventually taking her clit in my mouth. I started to suck that, and started rubbing her pussy with my fingers. I inserted my finger in, gently, as she was still a virgin. I wanted to be careful not to penetrate right then. I finger fucked her gently, and went on sucking her clit and pussy faster and faster. She tasted so sweet.

And then started screaming even louder, "AAAAAHHHHH Baby, I'm getting there again, faster…. Faster…. "

She could barely talk now, she was in another world. I could sense her erupting any second, and so I sucked her clit faster and faster, and rub her pussy harder. 

Then suddenly, she screamed, "Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh yaaaaaaaaa….. Im cumming again, keep going, ohhhhh baby, don't stop… please…. This is heaven!!!" 

And her body going up and down with pleasure for minutes on end. Finally she settled down, and pulled my up to her, and started kissing me, unknowingly tasting her own juices. 

She said, "Ummmm, this is quite tasty." I said, " I know you are." And we just lay there for a few minutes, letting Avni relax.

She then started running her hands up and down my body, getting me aroused, and hot. We kissed for a while, and she pushed me onto my back, and got on top. She started kissing and licking my body, and went lower and lower, reaching into my boxers with her hands and grabbing hold of my very hard, very erect thick cock. She couldn't get her hands all the way around, and was a little concerned. I told her not to worry, we'll take it slow. 

She pulled my boxers down, and my cock flung straight up. I could tell she liked what she saw. 

She was inexperienced at this, I could tell, but she told me that she's seen a couple of porno movies, so she'll try and do what she remembers. She got between my legs and started stroking my cock, up and down, lubricated it with her saliva and started pumping it faster and faster. She then did something unbelievably. She took the head in her mouth and started sucking on it like a lollipop, running her tongue all over it. Gently grazing her teeth over it too, which felt divine. Then she tried to take more and more of the shaft into her mouth and stopped more than half way down. She took it out and went down again, up and down, she sucked on my cock. Running her tongue all over it and gently her teeth too. I can't believe this was happening, I was in heaven. 

I moaned out, "Ohhh baby, this feels amazing!" I wasn't sure how long I'd last, but I wanted to save myself for later. So she went on for a few more minutes, and I had to make her stop. I asked her if she was ready for something she so badly wanted. 

She said, " Ya baby, I really need you in me now, my pussy is on fire."

I lay her on her back, and got over her. I kissed her again, gently rubbing her face, and making sure she was ok. I spread her legs, and brought them up a little, so I could get easier access without forcing too hard. I gently rubbed her pussy making sure it was well lubricated, taking some of it and lubricating my cock too. I raised her legs a little higher and asked her to guide me in. She took my cock, and placed the head at the entrance. I slowly pushed until just the head went in, then waited. Letting her get comfortable. I pushed a little further, and further and further, until I could feel some resistance. I pulled out a little, and back in gently, then out again, and back in. I did this a few times till we were both comfortable.

She said, "Go for it baby, go all the way, I want to feel you all the way in my." 

With that, I pushed a little harder, going past the resistance, until I was all the way in her. I waited for a minute or so. Her eyes closed, letting the pain pass. I held her close, kissing her, until she felt better. I slowly pulled out again, leaving just the head in, then back in, then back out, and in and out…. Slowly, till we built up a rhythm. I balance myself on my hands, her legs wrapped around my back, and I started pumping her a little faster now. 

She was starting to moan and scream, " Ohhhhhh yaaaaa honeyyyy, this is amazing, I have never felt better!"

I kept going, faster and faster now, and a little harder, my balls slapping against her pussy.

She screamed, "Ya baby, faster, give it to me, harder!"

So I started pumping more and more, and pushing down a little harder. I could sense she was about to cum again. 

She screamed out, " Ohhhhhhhh yaaaaaaaaaa, fuck!!!! Im cumming again!!!! Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh….Ooooohhhhh!!!"

I didn't stop, I kept pumping through her orgasm. Still inside her, I flipped onto my back, with her on top. She had her hands on my chest, and pushed herself up, and then back down again, she started riding me, faster and faster, building a quick rhythm. She stopped for a second, and started to grind like she had seen some pornstars do. My cock was all the way in her, and she started flexing her pussy muscles. I couldn't take it much longer and had to cum. She started riding me again, and harder and harder. Her firm breasts going up and down. I sat up a little, and started sucking her nipples, holding her to me. She wrapped her legs around me, and we were fucking sitting up. I was pumping my cock hard into her, she was screaming. 

I told her, "Baby, I need to cum soon, where do you want it." 

She said, "I want to taste it" and with that, she pulled my out, and took me in her mouth again. She started sucking and pumping my shaft really fast.

Suddenly, I screamed out, "Ohhhhhh babyyyyyy.. Yaaaaaaaaaaaa, Im cummming!!!!"

And with that, I jerked and cummed into her mouth, spurt after spurt after spurt, it kept flowing. She swallowed as much as she could. I was jerking for minutes, until every last drop was out. She had milked me until I was dry. I fell on my back, her on top of me and kissed me. It had been nearly an hour. We kissed for a few minutes until we fell asleep in each other's arms for a few hours.

In that trip of hers, we fucked several times that week, and I can tell you I can't wait till she's back in town again. It was the most amazing week of my life.

I hope you like this story, and if any women, aged 20-40 are interested in having some fun, email me at the link below.