 "Can I tie you up?" she asked with an impish grin on her face. They had been making out on the couch -- her shirt was unbuttoned, her tits half out of her bra while her hand was inside his pants, stroking him. She pressed her lips against his letting her tongue slide into his mouth. "Hmmmm, I'd really think you'd enjoy it." His eyes opened and looked deeply at her. She could see him debating the question in his mind. "Please?" she said, "I'll let you tie me up sometime." 

A grin spread across his face. "OK," he said. "But no handcuffs and no pain." 

"Deal!" she replied.

They went into the bedroom slowly while kissing and taking each others clothes off on the way. She pulled some silk scarves out of a drawer in the dresser and began to tie them to his wrists. She pushed him towards the bed and fell on top of him. "Hold on, this'll only take a minute." She tied the ends of the scarves to the bedposts, then pulled them a few times to make sure they were secure. 

"Y'know, maybe this isn't such a good idea after all." he stammered. 

"Hush" she whispered into his ear as she moved her body down so she could kiss him. She could feel that his cock had gone soft. "I'll take good care of you." "I promise." Her lips moved over his, her tongue licking his lips gently. She rubbed her nipples on his chest. He moaned into her mouth. 

She continued kissing him slowly until she felt his body relax and his cock start to harden again. She started to rub her pussy on him, letting the head of his penis rub her clit. His hips began to move, trying to push himself into her. "No, no, no," she told him, "I'm in charge this time. Just relax." She moved her feet so they were pressing down on his thighs. Her pussy continued to move up and down his shaft, lubricating him with her juices. Her lips moved to his neck and then to his ear lobes, letting her breath whisper into his ear. His eyes were closed. His cock felt hard and full and damn if he didn't want to be inside her right now. "Is this what you want?" she asked and she reached down and guided him inside her pussy.

He tried to push up but her feet held him down. She slid down so just the head of his cock was inside her. She swirled her hips around a bit, moving ever so slightly back and forth. Suddenly, she pushed down hard and he was full up inside her. He moaned. She pulled herself back up so the head was just at the entrance to her pussy. Again, she swirled her hips around, letting him feel just the lips of her pussy. She pushed down slowly until he was almost halfway in then pulled up again. "Goddamn," he yelled, "give it to me." She continued slowly rotating her hips. Again she suddenly pushed down, this time moving her hips back and forth quickly, feeling his cock inside her, rubbing her, bringing her close to orgasm. 

She pulled herself back up again and played with him, letting him feel just the lips of her pussy teasing him. "What do you want sweetie? Tell me... hmmmm... Better yet let me hear you beg." she cooed. She continued teasing him, rubbing him, making his cock so hard he could barely take it. 

"Please, please, I just wanna be inside you." 

"What? Like this?" and she pushed down hard onto him. She continued pumping herself up and down on his cock, riding him, enjoying the feel of him deep in her pussy. Then as quickly as she started, she stopped, letting his cock fall out of her.

"Jesus... what the hell are you doing?" he cried. His cock was so hard, he was dying for release. A few more thrusts and he would've cum. "Bitch" he thought to himself. He looked down and saw her licking his nipples which only made his cock throb harder. "Please, God, I just want to cum. Untie me and let me fuck you. I'll make it good for us baby." 

"Please." he begged. 

"No can do!" she replied as she slid her body down the length of him. He felt her tongue on his stomach and navel as her mouth traveled down slowly to his throbbing member. Her tits rubbed on his cock and then he felt her tongue skim the tip, then she was moving her tits over him again. Her hair fell on his belly and she turned her attention to his cock. Again she licked him, letting her tongue circle the tip before moving up to lick his navel again, her tits rubbing him. She moved further down and he felt her tongue licking the entire length of his cock starting at his balls and going all the way to the head. 

"Ahhhh, that's what I want" he said. She wrapped her hands around him and continued to lick the head while looking into his eyes. 

"Is this what you like?" she said. He watched as she rubbed his cock all over her tongue, moving up and down and licking the entire length. He was mesmerized. 

"Bet you'd love to cum all over my tongue, hmmm?" she said. He couldn't speak -- only watched her mouth doing erotic things to him. When his cock was wet from her mouth, she wrapped her hand around him and began to pump, sliding up and down with hard, smooth strokes. Her mouth continued to lick the head of his cock. She pumped him faster and faster while rubbing her tongue all over the head until she felt his cock grow super hard and the head start to swell. 

She knew he was about to cum but she wasn't finished with him yet. She stopped pumping and dropped his cock, moving her hands to his balls. She cupped them and then moved her tongue to his balls. His cock was throbbing, dying for release. "Goddamn, I want to cum. Please baby, please, please, PLEASE!" he begged. 

"Ahhhh, you're ready then? You want to cum all over my tongue? And watch the cum spurt all over while I lick it all up? Is that what you want?" 

"YES, GOD, YES!" he begged. He was almost crying. 

"Let me get you all wet with my tongue, then I'll let you cum, OK?" she said. He could barely take it -- her tongue licking him up and down slowly, making his cock wet and slippery. He was felt like he was dying; his cock was throbbing and so hard. He was going to blow quite a load, he knew. 

She finished licking him and wrapped her hand around him again. "You ready to cum all over my tongue, baby?" Her hand started stroking him again, firm hard strokes but not fast enough. 

"Faster baby, please," he begged. Her hand moved faster, her tongue licking him, her mouth open wide. 

"Here baby, right here, all over my tongue" she said. She felt him tense up, his cock so hard, the head huge and swollen. She was sucking and licking him and pumping up and down so fast. 

"OH GOD!" he yelled, his cum erupting all over her tongue and mouth, spasm after spasm wracking his body. She continued stroking him slowly, rubbing the cum all over her mouth and tongue. When he had finished, she slid his cock into her warm mouth, her tongue licking him gently, making him jerk from the sensations. "Ahhh, dear God, that was beyond anything I've ever experienced" he said as he slowly passed out, his hands still tied to the bed.