 My love life was almost nonexistent. My husband always seemed to be busy at work. When he did get home he said he was tired. I thought he might be fooling around on me. I was using my vibrator almost everyday and I needed something more. One day I saw my neighbor Bill out in the yard. Bill wasn't exactly a male model but I could see a big bulge in his pants.

I walked over and I struck up a conversation with Bill. I could see his eyes were wandering all over my big tits. It didn't take long before Bill invited me inside his house for a drink. Bill broke out two bottles of beer. We were standing in the kitchen just talking. I knew I had to make the first move. I set my beer down and I walked over to Bill. I reached down and put my hand on his crotch.

That got Bill's attention. I slowly tugged on his zipper and then reached in and pulled out his cock. I must have gasped. Bill's dick was like a fat sausage and long as well. He was certainly bigger than my husband. I got down on my knees and I brought that fat prick to my lips. I could hear Bill sighing as I wrapped my lips around his member.

Bill didn't waste a second. He put his hands on the back of my head. He started thrusting down my throat. I was gagging on his hard meat but I didn't care. I needed to taste cock. I got Bill plenty hard with my mouth surrounding his dick. I finally pulled back and got to my feet. Bill reached over and started to undress me. My big tits came spilling out. I helped by taking off my pants and panties. There we were looking at each other's naked body.

We didn't make it very far. Bill moved me over to the sofa and I got onto my back. Bill got in between my thighs and he pushed my legs toward my chest. I felt his mushroom probing my gash and then I felt him sliding into me. I didn't realize how bad I needed cock. Bill was working his dick all the way into my belly. He pushed in until our pubic bones touched. He held his cock still and it was making me crazy with cock lust.

I begged Bill to give it to me hard. Bill began to thrust that fat sausage into my tight hole. I know I screamed as Bill was stretching my pussy muscles. My husband never felt this good, that much I was sure of. I took a pounding that day. Bill would drive into me the whole way and then ease out of my drenched pussy. He did that a few times and then the real fucking began.

I heard his balls slapping against my bottom. I tried to grip Bill's rod as hard as I could. I can say now that Bill gave me the fucking of a lifetime. My legs were pressed against my tits as Bill slammed into my belly. I am betting I had three large orgasms that day. We must have gone close to an hour. Bill finally began grunting and he threw his head back and flooded me with his hot cum.

I clamped down and took as much of his hot froth as I could. I love the feel of a man cumming inside my pussy. Bill had a lot stored up that day. I could feel his warm cum leaking out of my pussy and running down my crack. Bill was finally finished as he pulled his cum stained dick out of my hole. We weren't quite done. Bill climbed up over my chest. He pushed his spent cock to my mouth and he made me open for him.

I opened up and Bill shoved his prick down my throat. I was made to clean off our juices with my lips and throat. It actually sent chills up and down my spine. I never did anything like that with my husband. After I cleaned Bill's cock off I went and cleaned myself up. I tried pushing his cum out but I could still feel it swimming inside me. I came back out and we both got dressed.

Bill said he hoped he would be seeing more often from now on. I went back home and I had to use my fingers on myself. I got undressed and I shoved my fingers inside me. There was still plenty of Bill's seed in my pussy. I pulled my fingers out and licked them clean. When my husband finally got home it was like he didn't even know me. He made a sandwich and sat down to watch the television. I was so glad I had taken Bill as my lover that day.

As long as my husband was treating me like that, I figured I might as well keep fucking Bill. I would sneak over to his house and he would take me like I was his whore. Bill loved it when I got on top and slid my pussy down onto his erect dick. I loved that as well. Bill would reach up and finger my nipples. He pinched them until they were red. I had so many orgasms that way. 

It didn't hurt feeling Bill's fat member in my pussy. It always seemed that Bill had a big load of seed to give me. He also loved it when I used my mouth to clean his prick off. It got to the point of where I wanted to be with Bill all the time. The nights were lonely and I wanted a cock in my pussy. I asked Bill if he would want me full time. He gave me this quizzical look. He asked if I was leaving my husband.

I told him I would if I could have him as my lover. I have now told my husband I want a divorce. He barely batted an eye. I am now sure that he has a lover on the side, just as I do. The house is up for sale and I have moved my belongings into Bill's house. I hope it all works out between us. Bill is fucking me nonstop these days. He fills my pussy with his cream and I just can't get enough of his cock.