 David and I spent the past nine months scrambling for stolen moments between our busy schedules. It wasn't just work—his wife generally had some function that required his presence on her arm. It amused me, as I knew this wasn't a happy marriage for either of them. I often wondered why they bothered. But I never asked David. It wasn't my business.

Still, his busy schedule often made him a "no-show", something I hated tolerating. I knew I had no right to ask for more than he could give, but every now and then, a girl just needs a little fucking…

But I did put up with the frustration—sexual and otherwise—as David had a knack for making me forget just how mad he could make me. The moment his hands touched my body, all was forgiven.

As the weather slowly changed from Winter to Spring, I disappeared into the dark recesses of the "Bones Department". Basically all of the corporation's hard copy records were kept in this little-visited section. My position entailed researching various pieces of information that predated online record keeping, and transferring them to an updated storage system. Some days I could spend an entire afternoon working lost back in the "stacks".

One afternoon in April, as I was nestled into a small cubby towards the far reaches of the department, I was startled by a tiny noise. I had grown accustomed to the various creaks and moans echoing from the shadows (most often the products of my overactive imagination), but I distinctly heard a "shuffling" sound. I poked my head up and over the partition that divided the table I was working at from the aisles of cabinets and shelves. I scanned the dimly-lighted area. 

David. 

He walked slowly, his big frame pausing every couple of steps as he glanced down each row. I smiled and frowned. What was he doing in here? Looking for me? I wondered hopefully.

"Mr. Thomas," I called to him low, catching his attention.

"There you are, Ms. Anderson," David answered as he spun around. He smiled as he walked towards me. 

"What are you doing down here?" I slid out from behind the partition and crossed the last couple steps into his arms. As he pulled me to him, I ran my hands firmly up his broad chest, flicking immediately at his nipples through his dress shirt with my fingernails. I looked up into his face, searching for a kiss. David dipped his head, knowing lips pressing firmly against mine. 

A moment later, I pulled back. "Why are you in here?" I asked again.

"Why do you think?" 

"Me?" 

"Yes, you. I went looking for you earlier and they said you had been sentenced to research and recovery." David could barely rush out the words. His mouth sought mine again, his tongue pressing forcefully through my lips. 

It had been too long. As I mentioned, our time was often limited. He was never available when my time was free. Sometimes I wondered if he kept me wanting on purpose. In my opinion, if you really want something, you just go for it. Then again, that's just me.

It had been at least five weeks since our last little tryst. I was hungry for him. David gave me the same needy look of desire. I knew our time, and the opportunity, was limited. And I had an idea… 

I molded myself into his body as he pressed my back to wall of the partition. Strong arms wrapped around me and his mouth crushed mine in another hard kiss. His thick tongue raped my mouth, forcing me to accept his oral assault. One hand cupped my ass as David ground against me, eager fingers kneading my behind. I shuddered, willingly surrendering for a moment before finally pressing my palms to his chest in effort to make him stop. I pushed him back, panting softly. 

"I want you inside me," I breathed into the quiet afternoon air, my gaze meeting his. "Do you want to be with me?" I knew the answer, but needed to hear him say it. 

"Yes…" David whispered, his stare piercing into my very being. "Where do you want to go?" The back of his hand caressed my cheek before his knuckles softly rubbed across my lips. 

"I have an idea," I began. "There's a small closet in the hallway off to the right as you first come down here, before you enter the department. The door has a lock. Let me go first, and wait a few minutes, then follow. Knock on the door. Ok?" 

"Ok." David reached for me again, his fist wrapping in my hair and pulling my head back, exposing my neck. Teeth bit into the soft vulnerable hollow of my neck, and I moaned low. The sudden wetness in my panties was warm. I wondered if he had any clue of the power he had over me—over my desire for him. 

Upon my release I turned and gathered my paperwork, quickly shoving them into my bag. He watched me in silence, his hand absently rubbing the growing bulge in his pants. I finished packing my belongings and reminded him to give me a of couple minutes, but not to wait too long. He nodded. 

Quickly I made my way from our secluded little cubby. I passed no one, which was a relief. I hurried through the stacks, and out into the hallway. Again I was fortunate. The area was empty. I glanced towards the glass doors leading into the offices and after assuring myself that no one was paying any attention, slipped through the doorway into the closet. 

Letting myself in, I placed my bag on the floor. I combed my fingers through my hair as I stared at the reflection in a little mirror on the wall. Grey-blue eyes stared back. My cheeks were flushed pink with excitement. I gathered my long chestnut-colored hair in my hands and tossed the locks over my shoulders. I smiled. David loves my hair, loves the streaks of auburn that burn bright in the tresses when we're wrapped around each other outside in the sun. Oh, he never admitted this to me, but he runs his hands through my hair when we're together, holding the strains up to the light before he rubs the softness against his cheek. 

I waited. I expected the time to pass slowly. I was almost worried that I would wait so long, that David would be caught on his way, and be forced to leave me stranded. But the time was short and I suddenly heard the knock on the door. I took a deep breath and pulled it open. Thankfully it was my lover. Swiftly he moved inside. I locked the door behind him.

"We don't have much time," I said low. 

"I know," he answered before roughly grabbing my shoulders and pushing my back against the wall. I tilted my face up to his and we picked up where we had left off, our kiss stealing the very breath from my mouth, his fat tongue plunging deep. 

I kissed David just as furiously, matching his passion and biting at his tongue, at his lips. His hands were on my hips and I could feel his fingers grasping the fabric of my skirt, pulling it up, bunching the clothing around my hips. I scratched again at his nipples, feeling them harden under my attack. I dug at them with my fingernails while David's left hand thrust down inside the front of my plain black cotton panties. I felt them curl and two fingers parted my lower lips before sinking themselves into the wet folds of my pussy. The fingers were as merciless as his tongue, invading me roughly, forcing me to open to him. I groaned as he twisted them and rubbed... 

yes... yes... there...

"Oh god..." I softly cried out as he touched that one spot inside me.. the place only he seemed to find, making such a pressure fill the inside of my pussy that I was helpless to do anything but tremble on his hand. David pleasured me for a short moment before withdrawing. 

I took the opportunity to struggle with his belt, undoing the pants before pulling David's solid cock from its confines. It was hot and hard as steel in my hand. I pumped it up and down, jerking him off in my eagerness. He enjoyed the attention for only a minute before grabbing my wrists and placing my hands above my head. 

I rubbed my thighs together in anticipation, squirming. He leaned in, staring into my eyes, his hot breath stroking my face. 

"Fuck me," I begged him softly. "Fuck me..." 

Strong hands let go of my wrists and he knelt before me, roughly pulling my panties with their soaked crotch to my ankles. I could smell myself, the musky scent of my want filling the small room. David lifted my right foot and pulled the panties over it. He didn't bother removing the delicate article from my other foot. 

Once again he stood, his massive frame leaning over mine, imposing, but reassuring in some ancient primal alpha-male fashion. Mouths met as he pressed against me. My light sweater was pulled upwards, then the fabric of each cup of my bra was yanked down, the underwire holding each firm globe in place, lifting them up to David in offering. His mouth descended on the right nipple, chewing on the tight nub while fingers tugged and twisted the left almost cruelly. Each action sent a shock jolting down my body to my swelling clit. I could feel my own heartbeat pounding in the tiny appendage. 

I bucked under his attentions, my hands grasping the sides of David's face as he brutally nursed at my breasts, sucking hard on one nipple, before switching to the other, his teeth dragging roughly over each before his tongue flicked teasingly at the bruised pebbles. It was almost a relief when he pulled his mouth away… almost. 

My clit continued to pulse… 

Without warning I felt each of his hands grasping my thighs, right where my ass met the top of my legs. He lifted me and I clung to him, my arms around his neck as he hoisted me up, slamming my back to the closet wall. Firmly holding my legs, he pulled them apart, the head of his glistening prick poised at the entrance to my pussy. For a moment he paused, glaring at me. I saw the raw lust and hunger there in his eyes, animalistic and intense. 

"Fuck me..." I said again evenly, my own eyes darkening with want. 

And he did. 

His cock slammed inside me so roughly that I bit my lip to keep from crying out. My legs wrapped around his hips and I attempted to lock my ankles behind his back as he pounded himself deep into my warm depths. I felt every solid inch of him, almost violently stretching my pussy as he drove hard inside me. I closed my eyes and held on, content to let David use me thusly, our bodies mashed together. My back ached as he used my cunt, viciously hammering me into the wall. He buried his face into my neck below my right ear, his breath ragged. My breaths were even shorter, gasping as I attempted to draw in air after he forced each lungful out of me. 

My right palm pressed the back of his neck, and I struggled to catch his earlobe between my teeth before plunging my tongue into his ear. He squirmed and whimpered before wrenching away. I felt his dick swell inside me and suddenly he thrust so hard, so deep, I swore the head of his cock collided with my cervix. I felt the sweet pain of being so filled rip through my stomach and across my chest. This time I cried out. 

David's hand covered my mouth so quickly it was almost a slap. I watched him, wide-eyed as he spasmed against me, his own eyes shut so tightly, his face a mask of concentrated pleasure. His hips thrust forward, again and again as he came inside me, his cum flooding my pussy with it's thick white goo. I felt it, hot and wet, spurting, painting the inside of my soft walls with a wild passionate stroke as David ground his pelvis into me, the friction rubbing my sensitive little clit. It was enough to set off my own orgasm, and my cunt gripped his length, squeezing the remaining sperm from his cock as I grimaced behind his hand. Held in this position, I could only helplessly shudder out each hot wave as my cum mixed with his, the fluids leaking around his girth, dripping down the bottom of my ass and against the front of his thighs. I shivered as the last tremor ran through me. 

Then the whole of David's body was pressed against mine, flattening me to the wall as his hands dropped, cupping the halves of my ass. His breath was labored in my ear, his fingers dug into my flesh. I was glad he was holding me... I was weak. 

Nature squeezed David's cock from my pussy and I felt so empty as the member slipped wetly from my body. He gently lowered my feet to the floor, where I remained leaning against the wall, not daring to move, still quietly trying to catch my breath. I pulled my sweater back down into place and before I could bend to retrieve my panties, David had knelt once more, and gently pulling my hips forward, his tongue snaked easily between my abused pussy lips. He licked me so tenderly, long soft strokes of the tongue, tasting the blending of our cum leaking from the depths of my sex. I sighed, melting under this last moment of intimacy before I reached for him. 

"Hey, we have to go," I said quietly, my fingers touching his cheek as he turned his face up to mine. 

David nodded silently before pulling my panties back up, and helped me readjust my skirt before tucking his spent cock back into his pants. I steadied myself before putting my finger to my lips, motioning for him to be quiet. I slowly opened the closet door and peeked out. The hallway was empty. I stepped aside allowing David to pass. He winked at me and took his leave, pausing only briefly to touch his lips quietly to mine before detouring down the hall to the men's room. I closed the door behind him, leaning heavily against it and took a deep, deep breath. My thighs were sticky. 

I smiled. 

The things that man "makes" me do...