 The bonfire was a roiling beast. Even from his place on the outer fringes of the group, Sheldon could feel the heat baking into his skin. It was a nice contrast to the chilly breeze hitting the back of his thick coat and jeans. He hated the cold. It was the end of July but an unseasonable wind was blowing through, dropping tempertures to the single digits in that night.

A perfect night for a thirty foot bonfire.

It was an annual tradition he's been told by his friend, the owners of the house and huge field saving every huge thing that could burn all year for this night. She had invited Sheldon and he loved the moment when they doused all the refuge with gas and then lit it. It was actually his second time seeing this monster churning up into the air, all the smoke invisible in the night, all but the barest scent carried away on the cold gusts of wind that blew across his face the strands of hair that had escaped his pony tail. It was his second favourite thing about the parties. He turned his head and saw his first.

Her name was Jane.

They had met the year before, at his first fire. A friend of the daughters of the family. Even when she wasn't right next to him, before he even knew she was really there, he could feel her. Like someone had suddnely lit a torch in the room. She seemed to fill up all the space with her heat. She was funny, she was smart, she told the dirtiest stories to a rrom ful of people and she flirted with Sheldon constantly, a no-bull shit style that made him want her more and more towards the end of that night. She made no bones about feeling the same when they had one moment alone together before her friend showed up to usher Jane home.

Sheldon felt like falling on the ground in a tantrum when she said Jane was married.

And now here it was a year a later, Jane looking at him across the flickering darkness from the fringes of the party, everyone else watching those brave enough to get really close the fire, risking a burn. He knew how they felt. His own personal bonfire was right here looking at him. Her smouldering eyes seemed to make his skin tighten even more as if he were only a few feet away from an open furnace. Under her eyes there was no cool breeze, he could only feel the heat of her green eyes as if no time had passed.

She stood with her denim jacket undone, a white tee-shirt that seemed to shimmer in the shadows from the flickering light. It moulded her body tight across her heavy breast's and a waist that fell straight. A single black star was stamped near on it at the hem near her left hip, a hip cocked at an angle. Her long legs were wrapped in back tights and a short denim skirt. A pale face glowed with red lips slightly parted. She was tall and could look into Sheldon's own blue eyes six feet above the ground.

Her heat was roaring over him even from so far away. He shouldn't get closer. Not because she was married. Not because people might get the wrong, or right, idea. Those were incidental consequences. He didn't want to get burned getting that close. She was Fire. She was would singe him with the first touch.

Would it be worth it?

She tilted her head ever so slightly, never losing his eyes and headed with a long, rolling gait down the field, into the trees. Before too long she was disappeared into the shadows.

He watched her go, thinking he could close his eyes and simply follow the heat left by her wake, finding everyone one of her steps without fault. He wanted to follow. Find her in the darkness where she could only be glowing like an ember in the dark, waiting.

He found his feet slowly taking him away from the party, the chattering groups and drunken shouts dying behind him with the heat as he followed. The shill wind bit deeper into him but he could swear, knew it was imagination but could SWEAR that he could follow her path. A current of slightly warmer air winding through the night, into the trees at the edge of the property. Into the dark.

Sheldon felt the warmth a split second before the hand slapped his shoulder and a voice roughened from smoking said "and how the fuck have you been, Shel?"

A grin broke from his lips as he turned. She really was pale and seemed to glow in the dark as if from a spark lit inside her.

"Not too bad, Jane," he said, leaning against a tree with his hands shoved deep in his pockets, as much to not just grab her as keep them warm. "how's life been treating you?"

"Oh, you know, nothing to get up to around here," she replied with a smirk lighting a cigerette, flaring shadows across her face. She never did anything that could be discribed as "nothing" as far as he knew.

Sheldon stood very still. His dark olive skin had always seemed to disappear in shadows and he hoped his eyes's were hidden from the way they roved up and down her body. "And hows, the husband?"

As non-chalant as you please she said, "he's doing good. He's not so much of a party guy and stayed home. Besides if he didn't who would put me too bed when I got home drunk?" she added with a laugh.

Sheldon couldn't help but laugh and replied "oh that must be fun, putting his drunk ass wife to bed."

Jane winked at him and drawled "well I usually rape him once he gets me there so he's doesn't complain too much."

Sheldon and Jane talked and laughed anf flirted on and on as the bonfire burned far away. Little by little the heat was building brighter between them as the talked. Sheldon no longer felt the cold he hated so much, only this skin tightening, cock hardening heat that was swirling between them like an inferno being born. Eventually they were laughing so hard Jane fell against Sheldon, gasping for breath into his neck as he struggled to breathe himself.

The whole long length of her hot body pressed against his as she slowly raised her head, her nose grazed his cheek as it passed. Jane's arms circled Sheldon's neck at the same moment his own arms circled her waist and held her close. There foreheads pressed against each other. Sheldon was sure their breaths weren't misting a moment ago but now great plumes of steam were billowing out from their mouths into the face of the other.

Sheldon felt impossibly hard as with Jane's body pressed against his. He remembered the year before how hard he had been the brief moment thay had been alone and this was no different. The heat she sparked inside him was now churning just as hot as the far away bonfire. They wanted each other but hesitated, not out of guilt, or morals, or propreity but until they both knew they just couldnt stand it anymore.

The moment came a second later when with a snap, like an oak knot bursting in a flame they crushed their mouths together, Sheldon crushing Jane against his body as hers rippled and rubbed against him, pressing her crotch against his, grinding out hot sparks of pleasure. Jane flicked her cigerette away and threaded her fingers into his hair, pulling more strands out of his pony tail as she devoured him.

His hand's sloped down her back onto her ass, pulling her even harder against him. One of her thighs raised, wrapping tight against his hip. Sheldon yanked the hem of her skirt up cupping her ass through her black tights. Their mouths worked hard, tongue's working furiously as his hand slipped down further, finding a moist heat burning against his fingers. A deep groan left Jane's throat and vibrated into Sheldon's mouth as he rubbed her from behind harder. Her hips rolled eagerly against his hand.

Jane's hands left his hair, unzipping his jacket and shoving them under his shirt to run over his skin. Her fingers left scorching trails behind them. She sunk her nails into his chest, almost breaking the skin. That pain hadn't even faded before she found his nipples and twisted them sharply, dragging a hiss of erotic pain from him.

Maddened he grabbed her by the ass firmly and spun her around, her back hitting the tree and supporting her there. She lost no time wrapping her legs around him but once she was supported he grabbed her wrists and holding them both in one fist, slammed them against tree over her head. Jane moaned at the pure power of the move, tightening her thighs around Sheldon and pressing herself harder against him. He made a low sound in his throat when she ground against his throbbing cok, feeling how wet and hot her pussy was before he lunged in and attacked her neck, kissing and sucking. Jane cried out at the sharp sensations, her thighs pressed wider as he ground against her.

Supporting her just between his body and tree, his free hand raked her top up her front, catching her bra as he went and yanking them both up to her neck. Her full breasts fell into his sight, round and firm with nipples the lightest of pink, puckering in the night air. He hungrily raised one to his lips, sucking the sensitive tip and running his teeth over it, not quite biting but the promise was there.

Moans shuddered out of Jane with every breath. She really did feel as if she was on fire, as if her very skin would just sizzle away into ash and float off on the breeze and then it seemed likt that is exactly what was happening. Starting from her pussy the heat roared through her, sizzling every nerve as she came pressed against a tree with her hands trapped over her head. She might have screamed but it was lost in the rolling fire of her orgasm.

Long before she thought her legs could take her weight her wrists were released and her legs lowered to the ground. Sheldon quickly turn her around to face the tree. He pushed on her lower back, bending her from the waist so she had to brace her hands against the tree, thrusting her ass out at him. He crouched down behind her, bunching her skirt up around her waist he tugged down her tights, the soaked crotch clinging to her sticky fold before letting go. She gave a little shudder when it did and cried out when Sheldon placed his mouth on her soaked pussy, slipping his tongue in. He worked it around inside her, diggin as deep as he could before dragging it out of her, covered in her juice, and licked down to her clit, sucking it into his mouth, flicking it with the tip of his tongue.

Jane moaned and jerked, pushing her hips back into his face, encouraging him in whimpers and gasps tp keep going. The pleasure abruptly cut off. She only had a moment to be disappointed before somethig thick and scalding hot thrust itself into her. Sheldon slipped his cock into her in one hard thrust, forcing her cunt open around him. Jane let an "oh god" slip from her lips before shoving her hips back to him, helping him reach as deep as he could get. his hips meeting her ass with a sharp slap before it was quickly repeated. Jane thrust her hips back at him hard as he fucked her. His thick cock rubbed against the inside of her pussy, passing over the smooth slick walls, spreading them open, only to draw out and ram in again.

Sheldon's hands held on to her hips, fingers digging into the skin as he jerked against her thrusting ass, meeting her stroke for stroke. Her pussy squeezed him tight and snug, wrapping around his cock like a humid fist, stroking ever inch of him. For her part Jane could swear she could feel every vein on his cock stroking along the sides of her pussy, creating sharp spikes of pleasure inside her.

Sheldon was ramming her harder now. His hips were slapping louder and hard against her ass with each thrust. Jane thought he was about to cum. She didn't want that yet.

Sheldon nearly swallowed his tongue when Jane pulled off his cock and turned to him. While quickly taking off her shoes and tights she told him to sit against the tree. He quickly did. Jane dropped to her knees between his legs and took his cock into her hand. Quickly dipping her head she engulfed the whole thing into her mouth. Her head bobbed quickly, runningher tongue over the silky skin and tracing the smooth veins she found. She flicked the head with her tongue and then sucked it hard, hearing Sheldon gasp and moan over her, his hands grabbing at her head. With a final lick, Jane raised up and straddled him, holding his cock and guiding back inside of her once against.

They was no stopping this time. Jane's hips rolled fast and hard, grinding her pussy into his crotch before sinply slamming herself up and down on him. Her breasts bounced with her motion. Sheldon cupped them in his hands, kneading them before sucking one into his mouth, pinching and twisting the other. His hips rolled with her thrusts, driving into her again and again. Jane gave a cry as she came again, shuddering hard, her pussy squeezing had on Sheldon, dragging him into orgasm along with her, like a supernova that burst from the base of his cock and along its length and into the rest of him. Cumming hard inside of Jane, his gasps and moans were muffled around her breast.

They slowed and finally went quiet. They sat like that, Jane slumped over Sheldon, as the last of his cum leaked inside of her as they caught their breath.

Jane eventually raised her head and looked into his eyes, the heat still there, but buring low for now.

"We have to get back," she said quietly.

"Yeah," Sheldon replied.

Stiffly and wobbling a bit, Jane gained her feet, pulled her skirt down for decency and slowly made her way back to the party.

He watched her go and she was gone before he finally realized why she had looked wrong leaving. Without looking he reached his hand out to his left and found a bunch of cloth he brought up to his eyes.

Her black tights.

That was going to take explaining.