 I've written this story in many forms. At one time on version of it was published in Penthouse letters. It was only a stylized version of the last part. The sex was in the car. The events all happened except for the actual sex.

This story takes place some thirty years ago in "The Great White North". It is fiction based on events that actually happened.

I'm Ted, an average looking guy who is not very tall and not extremely handsome. I'm not ugly either, but I have suffered from low self esteem for most of my life. This is probably why when I first met my wife, Allison, and she told me that she loved me I was hooked. We were attending the same university in one of the plains states on the Canadian border. Allison was French-Canadian. She was not what you would call a looker, but what she lacked in looks she made up for in passion. On our first date I had my hand down the front of her jeans and was fingering her to orgasm while her tongue was exploring the inside of my mouth.

Having grown up in the forties and fifties, I would not have sex with Allison until she actually told me she wanted it. We did everything but have sex. I would put my hard cock between her legs and stroke back and forth until I came. We would masturbate each other to orgasm and I used my tongue on her nipples and her pussy. At this point I must say that I was 28 and Allison was 19.

I grew up in New York State and there were so many cops around you could only park and neck with a girl for about thirty minutes before one came along and told you to move along. In this place where I was going to school there were only 50 troopers for the whole state which was four hundred miles long and three hundred miles north and south. With few large towns all you had to do was go a little ways out of town and you would never be bothered by any one.

Finally we had been going together for about three months and went on an Easter break holiday to visit her parents and her married sister. The sister lived about two or three hundred miles away and her Father let us take his car for the trip. On the way there and back we did the heavy petting to orgasm bit quite a few times and once just before we got back to her parents place we pulled off the road to have one last make out session, so I thought.

Allison had other ideas. She said that she didn't want to get her clothes messed up, we had dressed up to go to a fancy restaurant that evening and she had a suit with skirt, blouse and jacket on. Allison started to take off her clothes. She took off her jacket, then her blouse and her skirt. I had a sport coat dress slacks and shirt and tie on, so, finally getting the picture I started to undress as well. Allison was down to her slip, panty hose, bra and panties. She proceeded to take off everything but her slip. I quickly got down to my under shorts.

We then lay down on the front seat and started to kiss and fondle one another. She pulled up her slip so that my very hard cock would have access to her obviously wet pussy. I slid it in very gently at first so that she would get used to it. Unfortunately I had a problem with premature ejaculation and I was coming almost as soon as I was all the way inside her. We held each other and kissed until I felt myself getting hard again. I asked her if she wanted to do it again and she said yes. This time I was able to last long enough for Allison to have her own orgasm. We lay in each others arms until the glow wore off and then put our clothes back on. There was still about forty miles to go to get to her parents house so we stopped at a diner for coffee. Looking at Allison across that table she had a rosy glow about her that I just knew people could see that she had just been fucked.

When we got back to University we just continued our love making. My car was not working so I would borrow friend's cars to go out on dates and we would fuck in the front or back seat of those. Pretty well all we would do was fuck on our dates. We had already pledged that we would get married one day. I graduated that June, but Allison was only a sophomore and had another two years to go. This was fine because I was going to the Law School at the same university the next year.

I couldn't get a good job locally for the summer so I went back to New York and worked on a rail road project with a bunch of other college guys. When I got back to school in September and started in Law School, Allison and I went back to our old habits of going out on a weekend and having sex in my car (a shitty little Corvair). One night she broke down crying, saying that all I wanted to do was fuck. I couldn't bear to see her cry and I assured her that I loved her and that sex was not all I was interested in. We still fucked a lot, but we also did other fun things like going to plays and dances.

On one particularly hot date we took my car and parked out on a deserted road and had sex. Afterward I licked her pussy and clit and brought her to orgasm. As soon as my cock was hard again I put it in her and we went at it again. I repeated my tongue action and then we had sex again. All told we did it nine times in a span of about three to four hours. We also finished off a six pack of beer.

Within the next week we went out for Mexican food and then had sex on the front passenger seat of my Corvair. This was in December, just before the Christmas break that would change my life.

We went to her parent's house for Christmas break and we fought from the time we got there. I didn't understand until she told me that she was pregnant. She wanted to know what I was going to do. I told her there was only one thing for me to do and that was to marry her. I needed to get away and clear my head. I made an excuse that I had to get back to school to study for my end of semester finals. It was clear that I would have to drop out of Law School after the first year. The GI Bill was paying my living expenses and I had saved up the tuition from my summer job, but there would not be enough money to continue and raise a family at the same time.

We were married in January and moved into a one bedroom furnished apartment over a store. The rent was only $90 a month and my GI Bill benefits were $160. We ate on about $12 a week and rarely went out for dinner. The law books for my second semester courses cost about $100. (Eat you hearts out modern day law students.) Living together was really something. We would be studying and I would get the urge and off to the bedroom we would go. We probably fucked about four times a day during that period. I even got a very painful prostrate infection. The doctor told me that it was probably from too much sexual activity. We could still have sex, but ejaculating hurt like hell.

By the beginning of the summer I had a job on the border with what is now the Department of Homeland Security. I was also scheduled to teach, that next year, in the same school Allison had gone to before she went to college.

One of Allison's friends was a girl named Kate who was a few years younger but hung out with the wild bunch that were roughly the same age as Allison. Kate was a real looker and had a fine body and she knew how to show it off.

In the next three years Kate became one of our very close friends and often came over to our place or had us over to hers. Often I would be dispatched to pick Kate up or go to her place to get something. If it weren't for my lack of self esteem I would have seen that Kate was coming on to me. She told me about what her boyfriends were doing to her and asked my advice. She would be talking to me with barely anything on, sometimes sitting next to me with our thighs touching

It wasn't until one day right after New Years when Allison asked me to go get Kate and bring her over to our house when it all suddenly became clear to me. I picked up Kate and brought her to our house and we started drinking. On the way over she told me that she had been having sex with her boyfriend, but she had never had an orgasm. We went through one bottle of booze and I went to get another while Allison called some other fiends to come over. In those days we talked about sex a lot and there was barely any subject that was taboo.

By two in the morning Kate was fairly drunk and tired. Allison suggested that I have her lay down on the sofa we had in the front room. I took her to the front room sofa, laid her down and put a blanket over her. I bent down to kiss her and she kept pressing her lips on mine until I had to break it off or risk getting caught.

A short time later the other guests decided to leave and went to put their coats on. Kate woke up and came into the living room to get ready to go home. She said she only wanted me to take her home. Lifting her shirt up she said, "I don't want any one else to see this." About this time, after seeing the other guests out, Allison came in and announced that she was going upstairs to bed.

Kate and I left to over to her house. It was about a ten minute drive and the outside temperature was about minus 10 degrees. We just tried to stay warm. When we got to her house I pulled her to me and kissed her passionately again and again. Finally she said, "lets finish this inside." I walked her to her door and into her bedroom. Everyone else in the house was long since asleep. We took our coats and boots off and then I started to undress Kate. I lifted her sweatshirt over her head and for the first time saw those beautiful breasts. She wore no bra and didn't need to as they stood firm and proud with nipples sticking out from the cold. We had to be careful with our hands because they were ice cold and touching bare skin could be disastrous. Rubbing our hands between our legs we were able to warm them sufficiently so that our passionate embraces could continue.

I unfastened her jeans and began to pull them down. I wanted to see this woman in all her glory. She sat down on the bed and I pulled both legs off at the same time. Kate took her panties off and there was the most gorgeous woman I had ever seen ready and waiting for me. I striped my shirt off and Kate went to work on my belt and then the zipper. In very short order my pants were on the floor and my cock was making a tent in my boxers. Kate took it in her hand she felt it, and stroked it before letting her tongue go to work. This was almost too much to believe. Here was this gorgeous woman I had dreamed of for so many nights, licking and sucking on my cock. Allison never did this. Kate started to take my whole cock in her mouth and the feeling was overwhelming to me. I said "Kate I'm going to cum if you keep this up." She looked up at me with a beautiful smile and said, "I want you to cum in my mouth." Within minutes I let loose with a tremendous blast of cum saved up from all of my fantasies about this gorgeous creature. Kate swallowed every drop.

When everything had subsided and my softened cock plopped out of her mouth, I took her in my arms and kissed her deeply and passionately. I could taste myself and it felt so good. I kissed her neck and moved down to her breasts, sucking each one while my fingers played with her lips and clit. Gradually I moved down to where I could put my tongue between her lips and taste her sweet nectar. I licked up the length of those beautiful lips and when I came to that little pleasure bud Kate moaned. I kept licking in an up and down motion for quite some time and then I put my lips around her little bud and began flicking it with my tongue. At the same time I had one finger deep in her pussy stroking her "G" spot and the index finger of my other hand stroking her anus. The moaning was getting so loud now that I was afraid someone in the house would wake up. Finally I put my tongue right over her clit and started moving my head from side to side very rapidly. This seemed to be the right combination because very shortly Kate started to buck up pushing her pelvis into my face and crying out, "I'm cuuuuuuuuummmming." "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Myyyyyyyyyyyyy Gooooooooooooood it feeks soooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooooooooooood." At the same time Kate started to squirt fluid from her vagina and I couldn't tell if she was peeing or what. Much later I realized that she was ejaculating.

"I need to have your cock inside me" Kate said as she moved further up the bed. I was rock hard again and wanted to feel that juicy pussy around me. I climbed up between her legs and guided the head of my cock to that wet warm opening. We kissed and Kate could taste herself on my lips and face. Even though her pussy was tight and wet it took longer to cum than when she had me in her mouth. The next time we tried it doggy style and then with Kate on top. We both agreed that this was the best sex either of us had ever had or were likely to have for a long time.

We also agreed never to tell Allison what we had done.