 I sat there, across the bonfire, almost openly staring at him as he and his buddies took turns roping the dummy calf. He was a vision. I know every woman says that about a guy she is interested in but in my case it was true. He was a vision; all broad shouldered and muscled arms. Lord, I was a sucker for muscled arms. Despite growing up in the same small town I didn't remember much of him. I'm told that the girl I was would not have like the guy he had been; maybe that's why I hadn't remembered him. 

"Gonna burn a hole in them Wranglers if you stare at them much longer," My friend Stephanie waived a beer in front of my face before flopping down in the camp chair next to mine. 

"Those Wranglers," I corrected before taking a drink from my bottle. Beer wasn't really my thing but at this kind of get together it was beer or go thirsty.

"Whatever."

"Besides, it's not like he's even noticed me," As if on cue he his eyes swept my direction. Busted. He reached up and touched the brim of his ball cap, a modern take on the time old hat tipping gesture. I lifted my beer in return and he smiled. It was like a mule kick to the gut had sent my stomach up into my throat. I'm guessing our flirtation might have gone on longer but one of his friends elbowed him in the ribs so they could laugh at someone else in their tight knit group.

Stephanie patted my hand and cooed, "That was so cute. You should'a winked or licked your lips or something."

I slugged her shoulder and told her to shut up.

"Fine. I have to run up to the house. You coming?"

"Nothing better to do."

As we passed the group of guys something flashed through my field of vision and there was a tightening sensation around my waist line, like a belt being pulled snug. I looked down and confirmed that I had been roped.

"Leaving so soon?" He asked with a laugh. That voice was the perfect combination melted honey and alpha male. It pooled in my ear and dripped down my spine. I had hoped the shiver that ran down my back was just mental but I heard him chuckle so it must have manifested physically, too. 

"No, just going up to the house for a bit."

He took up a coil in the dally of his rope, making me take a step closer to him.

"Why don't we go for a walk?" Coil. Step.

"Where?" Coil. Step.

"I was thinking down by the creek. See if the fireflies are out." Coil. Step.

"That could be fun." He took up the last coil which brought me close enough for him to drop his arm around my waist.

"Well, let's go then," He said as he reached into a nearby cooler to retrieve two more beers.

I turned to Stephanie and waived her on her way. She gave me a goofy smile and two thumbs up before she turned back on the path to the house.

We crossed the small meadow toward the creek in silence. His arm was still around my waist, each of us carrying a beer; the amber bottles sweating in the late summer heat. There was small talk about the weather and work until we came to a fork in the trail. One trail stayed high and cut through a woodlot staying within sight of the bonfire, the other went low along the creek and was sheltered by the higher bank the upper trail was on. 

"High road or low road?" He asked, and took a couple of steps down the lower path as if to indicate his preference.

"Low."

"I was hoping you would say that."

"I could tell."

He gave the rope a tug pulling me down the trail and up against his chest. Without thinking I braced myself on his shoulders as his arms looped around my waist. The now loose rope lay at our feet, forgotten.

"You have a smart mouth, you know?" His lips nearly brushed mine as he spoke.

"So what are you going to do about it?" I remember thinking that if I puckered my lips, his were close enough to kiss.

"Maybe I'll shut it up."

"How?" And with that he closed the space between us and sealed his lips to mine. I whimpered and leaned into the kiss, teasing his firm lips with my tongue. He growled low in his throat and opened his mouth, quickly taking control of the kiss and entwining his tongue with mine. Eventually he pulled away and whispered, "Come with me."

"Yes, please," I replied as he took me by the hand and started down the trial. After a short walk we rounded a bend in the trail and came upon a place where the shoreline widened and flattened a bit. There was a blanket laid out under the overhang of the trail above where weeping willow limbs shielded it from sight like natures own beaded curtain.

With a cocked eyebrow I asked, "Were you planning on getting lucky tonight?"

"I always plan on getting lucky," he replied as he pulled off my ball cap and tugged loose the rubber band holding back my curls in a messy ponytail. Using my hair for leverage he tilted my head back and claimed another kiss. 

"Let's get comfortable," I suggested.

"Yee haw!" He whispered in reply before toeing off his boots, and dropping both our hats next to them as he stretched out on the blanket. I did the same, and as I lay down he gathered me into his arms and began to nuzzle the tender spot behind my ear. I turned his face to mine and began to kiss up and down his jaw line as he rolled me on top of him and nudged his knee between my thighs. He started nibbling at my neck and soon had me grinding against his leg, allowing the heavy inseam of my jeans to rub against my tingling clit.

I knew I needed to act soon or I would lose my nerve, but I was too shy to act without pretense.

"Scratch my trophy buckle and I will beat you with it," I warned as I moved my hands to his belt and started to unfasten it. 

"Yes ma'am," he drawled as he helped remove his belt and then my own.

"And, we wouldn't want to scratch your t-shirt either, would we?" he asked as he tugged it free of my jeans.

"Nope," I said as I pulled his off too.

"This is nice," He said, tracing the top of my bra cup with his finger.

"Thank you?"

"New."

"Not really."

"Good," He said as he produced his pocket knife and cut the straps, rendering them useless.

"Much better," He said looking very self satisfied as he began to massage my breasts and pinch and roll my nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. He continued to lavish his attentions there as I kissed my way across his chest, and down his torso, to the button of his jeans. He reached down and unbuttoned them as I slid the zipper down and reached for the waistband. He arched his back giving me room to slide the denim down his legs, releasing his cock which was already partially hard.

I wrapped my hand around it and stroked a couple of times finishing the job, eliciting a moan from him. He reached up and placed his hand at the base of my neck and pulled me down for a kiss, during which he rolled me to my back and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans so he could slide his hand inside. He teased my clit briefly before sliding his fingers inside the folds of my already wet pussy. 

"Nice. So very nice and wet," He whispered as he worked his fingers in and out. He withdrew his hand and I whimpered at the loss of the amazing sensations he created. I felt him tugging at my waistband and lifted my hips to help him slide my jeans and panties off. As soon as they were off he settled himself between my legs and fastened his lips over one of my nipples, while his finger tips lightly teased the other. His mouth then moved to the opposite breast and he repeated his ministrations. 

I twined my fingers in his short cropped hair and brought his mouth to mine for a kiss. I expected him to continue massaging my breasts and nipples but was surprised when his hand lightly brushed down my side, crossed my belly and gently covered my mound. The warmth alone nearly caused me to climax. Slowly, with the flats of his fingers, he rubbed a large, slow figure eight over my clit and lips. I moaned and lifted my hips, silently begging for more. 

"Shh," He whispered, "We'll get there." 

"Please." I said, not knowing how else to communicate my need for him.

The long, slow figure eight eventually became tight, fast circles. Then, without warning, he plunged three fingers inside and began working them quickly in and out, curved just right to hit my most sensitive nerve endings.

I tore my mouth from his and ground out "You have me so close."

"Good," He said, sounding almost as breathless as I felt. I cupped his cock in my hand and gently rubbed the head between my wet pussy lips, he grunted and his hips bucked into mine. I spread my knees wider and whispered, "Please." He braced himself on his elbows and slowly, torturously so, pushed inside me until his hips were fully pressed against mine.

"Like coming home," He murmured.

I sucked in a sharp breath and he pressed a kiss my throat before he began sliding in and out. I spread my knees wider still, to give him better access, and he rocked his hips grinding his pelvis against my clit. "Yes. More," I gasped. He responded by resuming his long, slow thrusts. "Feels so good," He groaned as his motions became faster and more urgent, driving us both closer to the edge.

He reached down and pulled one of my nipples into his mouth, while he still worked his dick in and out of my body. The combination was overwhelming and as my vision began to swim I grasped his shoulders, seemingly the only solid thing in my world. "I'm getting close," he grunted. My only response was to moan and dig my nails into his skin. 

Suddenly I felt the dam break. The burning that had started low in my belly flashed as the orgasm crashed and roared through me. "I'm coming," I whispered over and over, my pussy contracting and relaxing in time with my pulse. "I'm gonna come soon, too," he huffed out in a rushed breath. I consciously worked my muscles in an effort to intensify the sensations on his dick as he furiously thrust in and out of my spent body. All of the sudden he tensed and groaned, nearly a roar, as he gave into the sensations of his own climax.

I have no idea how long we laid there, limbs entwined, recovering from our affair. "I suppose we should head back, huh?" He sounded almost disappointed. 

"Maybe. Steph might send out a search party."

Quickly and quietly we dressed. He stuffed my ruined bra in his back pocket, a trophy of sorts I supposed. He finished his long warm beer, I took a few more swallows from mine and then gave it to him to finish while I tucked my hair back into my ball cap. We collected the blanket, the beer bottles and his rope as we headed back up the trail. While crossing the meadow he asked, "So, you gonna hang out for a bit?"

"No, I think I'll head home. I'm tired."

"I'll walk you to your truck."

"Okay."

"I'll be just a few minutes behind you."

"Can't wait," I said as I kissed him one last time.

As I climbed into the cab he asked, "Do you have cash for the babysitter?"