 This story was preceded by BWT (BOATING WITH BONNIE) But reading that first is not necessary. 

Dan got to tell you about our first time together, so now I get to tell you the shower story. Well actually there are two shower stories and they should be told together.

After the boat incident, Dan and I got together more and more often. After a while we walked in and out of each others place as we pleased and we each knew where the other hid their key. 

My place consisted of a combination living room, dining area, kitchen and an oversized bedroom with a king bed and attached bath.

One night it about eleven I finished catching up on all my chores and started to get ready for bed. Dan was out of town and was not scheduled to land till 12:30 AM and most likely would not be home till two. He had promised to call as soon as he got home in spite of the hour.

I turned off the lights and got naked, found my shortly and laid it on the foot of the bed and headed for the shower. Before I did I crossed the room to the window intending to pull the shade. There is a billboard nearby which throws a light across my bed but leaves the rest of the room in shadow. Sometimes I like that and I don't. I decided to leave the shade up tonight and open the window a little and listen to the street noise.

Then I turned out the lights which leaves part of the room in shadow and part in dim light courtesy of the glow from the street lights and lighted signs. I then headed for the shower and soon had it steamy hot and stepped in. I soaped myself well and soon was doing an extra special job on my boobs in general and the nipples in particular. I was getting aroused and decided that maybe my pussy also needed a little extra attention. Of course I had to get the slit well cleaned so I had to give it extra attention with my soapy fingers until I had myself well soaped up and also well worked up.

About a month before this, I had received a shower massager for a birthday gift and it had a long hose on it. I had masturbated with it several times and found it was very arousing but I had never come all the way to orgasm. I could tell that this time was going to be different. Dan had been away for almost a week and I had not received my daily ration of loving and was getting more horny by the day.

I took it from it's holder and used the full spray to rid myself of the soap, except that is for that one vital area. Then I turned it to gentle massage and upped the temperature as far as I could stand and did my nipples, first one then the other. Back and forth I went with each stroke bringing me closer to the orgasm building within me.

Meanwhile the fingers of my other hand were still busy massaging my soapy pussy. I quit doing my nipples and turned the hot pulsating water on my pussy. That was all it took, I was over the edge and was suddenly in the midst of a wonderful orgasm which began to roll through me in waves one after the other each one better than the one before. I don't know how many there were but it left me weak, but still aroused and looking for more.

I put the shower back to normal and stood letting the hot water coarse over me relaxing my body but at same time I stayed very aroused.

I toweled off and walked back to the dark bedroom and immediately went to my private place. There I took out my favorite vibrating dildo and quickly turned it in to check it's battery. It sounded quite strong so, still standing, I touched it to my pussy to make sure it was really ready. 

Not only was it ready but so was I. 

I just couldn't stop myself from pushing it tight against my clit and letting another orgasm overtake me.

As I started to come down I moved over to the bed and kneeled on the edge just far enough that I could rest the dildo on the mattress and sit on it. I had done this several times before with excellent results. I got myself positioned and lowered my butt till the head of the dildo was vibrating and exciting my pussy lips as they parted and pushed against my hole.

Suddenly I was startled to hear a voice behind me. "Need any help? I really think I should help you out." Before I could get too frightened I realized that it was Dan and I felt him place his hands on both side of my waist.

"Please do, I am in dire need." was my reply. No sooner said than done, I felt his hard dick where my dildo had been a minute before. I was so wet he slid right into me and I pushed hard against him to get him as far inside of me as I could. He started to hump and so did I and I took the vibrator and held it so that it was doing his cock and my clit at the same time.

Immediately he was pounding it into me, fast and deep. As he did the thought that dominated my mind was that I was sure he hadn't strayed while he was away or he wouldn't be so wild We later decided that it was only about ten seconds till I felt his hot cum flooding my insides . As it did I was pounding back against him as I started cumming too. It was something but we hardly stopped pumping and we continued to fuck but at a more normal pace and I continued to work us both over with my vibrator while we built up to another massive shuddering orgasm after which we simply collapsed on the bed, still connected but on our sides.

"Wow, I sure needed that, glad you got here just when you did."

"I was sitting in the chair with my clothes off waiting for you to finish your shower. I felt the need for one myself and was going to go in when you finished. I hope you don't think I was spying. But watching you was more than I could take after all this time."

With that I took a deep breath, crossed my fingers and then said. "Been there, done that."

"What? I don't get you, what does that mean? Been where? Done what?"

Taking another deep breath I said "Dan, I hope you will understand, but I do feel that there is something I really need to tell you since our relationship has come this far. But I am very afraid and I am not at all sure how you will take it. 

I sometimes think of it and I am embarrassed by it at times and sometimes ashamed and sometimes I just simply enjoy the memory. And I have to admit that sometimes I remember and masturbate and replay it in my mind."

"So tell me, I cannot imaging that you can tell me anything that would upset me. After all I never had any thought that I was your first." With that he readjusted his position slightly and cuddled me, one arm around my waist the other across my chest with his hand on my far shoulder. "Go ahead, tell me about this enormous sin. No waiting, out with it."

"Well, this is so reminiscent of that other incident that I thought maybe this was the time to tell you. I can not imaging keeping this from you, it is important that you know. If you know and you can still love me then I never need be afraid that you might find out."

The Story

You do know that my cousin Wanda was my roomy when I first moved here. I was just starting my first job after getting my degree and she was entering as a Junior having received a two year degree at Community Tech. 

One night about two years ago I was sitting in that same chair, also with no clothes on, and just like you I was also waiting for her to finish her shower so that I could do mine. I had just come back from the beach and my suit was wet so I had pealed it off as soon as I closed the door. Wanda did not know that I was there. After I sat down and my eyes adjusted to the dark I noticed something on the bed. I recognized it as her cock shaped vibrator. That was no big surprise, Wanda and I were very close and we were not bashful with each other. We had often masturbated in each others company. We had even talked as we did it and had even held hands while doing it on a few occasions. 

But we had not touched each other since we were in our early teens and had practiced French kissing with each other. I would be dishonest however if I said that I had not had couple of fantasies along that line.

What happened was this, almost just like you, I heard the shower turn off and just a few seconds later the bathroom door opened and Wanda came out glistening all over with water droplets, she had not even toweled off. She went to the bed without a sideways glance and threw herself down picking up her toy as she did. Quick as a flash she was on her back with her knees up and spread and the dildo buried in her pussy. She was stroking herself with it and had not even turned it on. I was instantly aroused which surprises me even now as I had till then absolutely no thoughts along those lines. My only thoughts had been shower and bed. I was really tired. 

But without even giving it a second thought I went over and laid on the bed next to her. I pushed her hand aside and took the dildo in my hand. I turned it on and began to stroke it in and out. 

Her eyes found mine as I bent and placed my lips over hers. Suddenly her mouth opened and her tongue was in my mouth and just as suddenly she was coming. She threw one arm around my neck and the other around my back as she started to buck against my hand. Gradually her excitement subsided and I pulled my mouth from hers. Her only words were "Thanks, I needed that and you are a true friend."

"I couldn't help myself, it was such an erotic situation that I had to do something. I am happy that I didn't offend you. I wouldn't have done it had I had time to think."

Wanda took my head between her hands and looked me square in the eyes and said to me "I couldn't be happier that you did that, I have wanted you for so long. I just couldn't bring myself to tell you."

"I wish you had. We wasted a lot of time masturbating when we could have been doing nice things to each other." Then I turned red all over. I couldn't believe that I had said that. I couldn't believe that I was so ready to indulge in real sex with another girl, in spite of my occasional fantasy.

With that I separated myself from her and said, "I'm a mess, I need a shower, you just lay there and think erotic thoughts and I will be right back." So I took the quickest shower of my life and then like her lay down on the bed without drying. 

As I did Wanda turned over and kissed me on the mouth and then began to massage my breasts and to kiss them and suck on my nipples till I was trashing around on the bed in excitement. Then she put her hand between my legs and as I spread them apart and I felt her fingers penetrate my hot slippery pussy. It instantly tightened around them.

Then she was on her knees beside me. I am a quick learner so following her lead I put my hand between her legs and I put two fingers in her pussy and began thrusting them in and out. We did that to each other as we both got hotter and hotter trusting our bodies against the others hand and working ourselves up to good orgasms when she stopped kissing me and said, "Bonnie, darling, are we going to go all the way?"

"All the way? I don't follow you." 

"Are we going to do sixty nine?"

I looked at her in surprise as I said "I can't imagine not doing sixty nine. How else would we finish this properly? But later. Right now we need to finish what we just started." I was gasping as I finished speaking as by then we were in the middle of mutual orgasms. 

As we finished she waited a few minutes and then turned around and put her head between my thighs separating them further and then separated my pussy with her eager tongue. I lay there and enjoyed her ministrations till I was on the verge of orgasm. She slowed her efforts, teasing me and keeping me on the edge till I was ready to shout at her but instead I was whimpering as I said "Now, please, now. Finish me now, please, please"

At long last she again began to thrust her tongue first in and out then up and down between my pussy lips till I was over the edge and having another major orgasm. It seemed to go on forever, rolling and rolling over me till I thought it would never stop and feared that I would die if it did. 

Eventually it did stop and I was totally relaxed as Wanda rested her head on my belly. Suddenly it hit me and I said to her, "You've done that before haven't you. You did it too well for it to be your first time."

She didn't say anything for a long time, then she said softly "I've been wanting to tell you. You've heard me speak of Jan, she is not a Lesbian but does have a lesbian girl friend and she taught me a lot. I am BI, I like both men and women. I hope none of this turns you off?"

As I mentioned earlier Dan and I were lying on that same bed as I was making my "confession". I was suddenly startled to notice something poking me in the side. It took me a second to realize that what I was feeling was Dan's hard prick. I reached over and took it in my hand and felt it. I had never felt one that that hard in my whole life. Not that I had felt that many hard pricks but this was certainly a new experience. 

"What's this?" I asked him.

"I guess you are exciting me with your story. And I want you very badly right this minute."

With that I started hugging and kissing him and crying. "I was so afraid that you would hate me if you knew that I had been with another girl. My cousin no less, that's almost incest" As I was saying that Dan was rolling over on his back and his hard on was ready for mounting. This was always a turn on for me so I started to climb on even as he started to say,

"How can I hate you? In the first place what Wanda did to you, I have done to you, several times, and with great pleasure I might add. In the second place, if I were sitting there and Wanda did what she did I would do what you did. She is a very sexy lady." By then he had guided me up and over his hard cock which I was holding as I lowered myself and felt it slide easily to my vagina which was hot and wet from both his cum and my own juices. I lowered myself as far as I could and felt it find it's way deep inside of me, deeper than I had ever felt before.

His hands were under my buns and started to lift me, but I needed no help and was already starting to lift myself and then pump myself down and forward to get him deep inside of me again. Dan started to get into the rhythm but I stopped him by holding his hands in mine. "No, let me do it all." were my words as I increased my speed in my eagerness to cause him to cum again deep inside of me. I bent forward from the waist so that his cock was against my clit as I pumped up and down. As I did my own excitement increased till I too was nearing orgasm. Suddenly I felt Dan explode inside me and the heat of his cum filled me completely and caused my vagina to tremble until it began to contract and release in orgasm. It felt so good that I could not seem to stop and continued to ride Dan as hard as I could. I felt his penis soften for a minute then harden again and now he began to lift himself against my thrusts and this time I let him. It was only minutes till we were both cumming again but now I was so filled that his cum was flowing down my thighs.

After we relaxed for awhile Dan suddenly said to me, "Did you finish your tale? Did you return the favor and do unto her as she did unto you?" As he said that he took my hand and placed it on his penis and I held it as I replied.

Being a little taken back I still wasn't sure how to answer so my reply was, "If I tell you then we will both know, but if I did, how would you feel about that?" As I said that I felt him harden and I knew then that I was OK. So I said, "I need another shower, and so do you bud so let's go and then I will tell all. I do mean all. But just so you know, turn about is fair play. So are you game? I want to know all your secrets too" 

I waited till he said, "Love to, hope mine do for you what your "confession(s) do for me." With that I got out of bed and went back into the bathroom holding my pussy closed to keep the cum in my pussy where if belonged.

Dan was right behind me and as we got to the shower he stood behind me and wrapped his arms around me and cupped my breasts with his hands. I could feel his hard penis against my backside as he whispered into my ear "I love you with all my heart and whatever you have done has made you into the person that it is that I love." With that he reached out and turned on the shower and pushed me under the cold but warming water. "Take that, that's your punishment for your terrible sins. Not only that you must also soap me down." With that we began to kiss as the water now warm cascaded over us.

We did the usual things that a loving couple do together in a shower and then only half toweled before laying down together face to face on the bed. We kissed and as we did I took his hard dick in my hand and maneuvered myself around till it's head was enveloped by the lips of my pussy. Still holding him I asked "OK" bud, do your really want to hear the rest of the story?" I felt his cock twitch and harden a little more so I knew that he was eager to hear it, so as we lay there with our heads on the same pillow and our noses almost touching and I began to tell him.....................

THE REST OF BONNIE'S STORY

After we rested a bit we turned much as you and I are now and we began to kiss. As the minutes passed the kiss's became more open mouthed and with a lot more tongue. As a matter of fact they were downright sloppy. After a while I pushed her over on her back and I began to kiss her neck and her ears and to fondle her breasts. Eventually I was holding her breasts and sucking her nipple and we were both breathing pretty hard. I was getting so hot with the thought of doing to her what she had done to me that I could hardly stand it. 

I lifted my head looked at her and asked "69?" She nodded.

I turned around and started to kiss Wanda's belly. I kissed and licked my way over to the fold between her tummy and her thigh and then followed that around to the fold between her pussy and her thigh. Then I put my top lip into the space between her pussy lips and sucked that half of her pussy into my mouth. I licked it briefly then put one arm around under her butt and up between her thighs and inserted two fingers into her pussy as I reached down with the other hand and spread her pussy wide open with my fingers and moved my lips around to suck her clit into my mouth.

Meanwhile Wanda had moved herself between my thighs and placed her arms around my waist and pulled my pussy down to her tongue and was licking my pussy rapidly causing very delicious sensations which were rippling through my body.

Now that I had my mouth where I wanted it I locked my arms around Wanda's waist just like her's were around me and then rolled us over on our sides. My ears were now closed shut by her thighs and the only sounds I could hear were those of our slurping tongues. 

What a turn on. Suddenly I was bucking and contracting and trembling all at the same time. I could feel Wanda's body reacting also and I knew that she needed to cum too. I alternated back and forth between sucking her clit and licking her pussy all the while holding the suction I had created. I could sense the control I had over her orgasm and loved the feeling, but at that moment I wanted to feel it cum against my face. 

Then, almost without warning, there it was and she was grinding her pussy into my face and I was loving every second of it. Then mine started. Our orgasms rolled over us for a long time and finally subsided. We lay together in our coupled position, gradually falling asleep. 

That started a month of sex like you wouldn't believe. Not only Wanda and I but my boyfriend Cliff and I, and then threesomes and foursomes with Wanda and her boyfriend. Finally we four in an orgy weekend at a friends mountain cabin with two other couples. 

I can not even guess how many of what that we did but finally it was over. Without going into the gruesome details, between breakups and jobs and school we went our separate ways. I see Wanda occasionally and we exchange kisses and sometimes a little tongue, the others are history. 
