 "Please." 

His warm, smooth hand covered mine on the doorknob. I had been on my way out the door when he stopped me. 

All he had to do was simply place his hand on mine and stand close to me. The angry fire in me had already dissipated before I reached the door, and he knew it. 

We'd had an argument, a "row," as he put it. "He" was my boyfriend -- my impossibly sexy British boyfriend. He was tall and dark and handsome, of course. And he had a charm to him that simply had me spellbound. He was a good man; he was kind to me. I could never stay angry at him for very long. 

"Please," he repeated. His deep, gravelly voice had a pleading tone to it, a sharp contrast that always made me melt. "Let me suckle."

It was always what he needed after we'd had a fight.

He obviously had some mommy issues -- it probably had something to do with being sent away to boarding school at such a young age -- but I really didn't want to go there. Pondering his Freudian fixations would do nothing but kill my libido, and the reasons didn't matter anyway.

He needed it, and I was more than willing to give it to him.

There was a ritual to how I serviced him. 

I took him by the hand and led him to the sofa. After he sat down, I seductively climbed up in his lap and straddled him. 

When we did this, he always looked up at me as if he was entranced. He leaned his head back against the top of the sofa cushions, and his eyes glazed over as he stared up at me, his lips slightly parted. But as I began to unbutton my gauzy blouse, his focus inevitably moved from my face to my breasts.

He watched in silence with bated breath as I slipped my blouse off my shoulders and let it drop to the sofa. His focus was now entirely on my black lace bra and what it held.

There was nothing my boyfriend liked more than to experience my breasts. Of course, he enjoyed other parts of me, too, but he was a boob man to the extreme. I'm sure that's a big part of the reason he was attracted to me in the first place. My hefty double D's attracted the attention of many men, even those who preferred legs and asses.

So as I straddled him wearing nothing but my bra above my waist, he bent his head forward and began to nuzzle. His closely cropped scruff grazed my delicate skin. I could feel his hot breath playing on the tops of my breasts and in my tight cleavage.

His nuzzling was gentle as he brushed his face against the fleshy mounds spilling over the top of my bra. He softly nosed and kissed me there as his hands traveled slowly up my bare back. 

It didn't take long, though, for his gentle treatment to become more urgent. It started with him getting a little vocal. Slight moans and whimpers escaped his throat as his kisses and caresses became more feverish. His eyes were closed and his cheeks flushed as he became more desperate to bury his face in my flesh.

At this point, I gently but firmly threaded my fingers in his hair and guided his head back. In his daze, he complied, leaning back against the sofa and staring up at me with half-lidded eyes. 

I reached behind my back with both hands and unclasped my bra. His eyes widened and his breath hitched as the bra dropped slowly, revealing more and more flesh until my tits were completely naked before him. 

Hunger shone in his bright green eyes as he stared, taking in the glorious sight of my giant breasts. Then he raised up and, with a muffled moan, pressed his face in between them. 

His hands left my hips and cupped the undersides of my bare breasts, caressing them and pushing them together as his face wallowed in my cleavage. His breathing got faster as he frantically moved his head back and forth between my tits, his open mouth grazing them as he went.

He began to lick and suck, his tongue and teeth and lips having their way with my boobs.

But it wasn't until he came up for air and leaned back again that I started to get really aroused. It was because at this point, he began to focus on my nipples. 

The first thing he did was place a hand on each boob so that his thumbs were positioned on my large, rosy nipples. And then, very lightly, he stroked his thumbs across and around them. They tightened instantly, jutting out in my arousal.

Now it was my turn to groan. His touch sent me into abandon. I leaned my head back as he did his work, at the same time arching my back and thrusting my jiggling tits toward him as an offering. 

It was as if my nipples were buttons to my sex drive. Warm, thrilling sensations emanated directly from my sensitive nipples and spread throughout my body. It was almost as powerful as a genuine orgasm.

And then, as he continued thumbing one of my nipples, he took the other in his hot, wet mouth. My head still thrown back, I could hear him faintly moan as he began to suck.

The nipple sucking effectively sent me over the edge. My hips bucked in his lap and I wrapped my arms around his head and urged him to my breast.

"Oh!" I couldn't control my voice as his hands clutched at my tits and he hungrily sucked for all he was worth. It was a beautiful sight to look down and see him latched to my tit, his eyes closed in his own ecstasy.

"Oh!" His mouth now turned its attentions to my other nipple, pulling and tonguing as he sucked and sucked. 

I pressed my crotch into him and smoothly grabbed handfuls of his shaggy hair as his lips moved from one nipple to the other, back and forth, back and forth, licking and sucking and teasing and gently grazing my huge tits. In his haze of pleasure, his long, slender fingers clutched and kneaded and fondled me.

He took my magnificent tits in spilling handfuls, pulling at them as he lolled his tongue around my now distended nipples, gently nipping at them and then kissing and sucking. 

Soon, he wanted to completely have me.

"Please," he groaned quietly. "Let me have pussy."

I always let him have what he wanted.

Slowly, I stood up from straddling him and stepped back. As he watched with intense, frowning concentration, I reached my hands behind my waist and unzipped my skirt. Carefully and sensually, I worked it down -- down my hips, down my thighs, until it was in a heap on the floor.

My black lace panties were all that I now wore, and they soon went the way of my skirt, until I was standing before my boyfriend completely naked. My pussy was shaved bare and ready for the taking.

He liked me to be completely naked while he stayed fully clothed. So I stepped forward, reached down at his crotch, and simply unzipped his pants and let his straining dick spring free.

I straddled his lap again. My slit was dripping wet, so all I had to do was line it up at the tip of his long, thick pole and sink down.

"Uhnnnnn," his groan was low and lingering as I took him in to the hilt.

As I rode his cock, I put a lot of effort into making my titties bounce for him. I arched my back in my own pleasure, but it added to his as my boobs thrust forward, bouncing high and proudly on my chest. 

With his hands gripping my hips, he ducked his head forward and lustily sucked my tits, then leaned back and just watched them shake and sway and jiggle. It was almost as if the fucking his cock was getting was secondary to the show of jouncing boobs.

With his hands placed at the base of my titties, he lifted and fondled them, feeling their weight. He pushed up with both hands, taking as much of my tits as he could into his hands. He grasped them, and then clutching them around my nipples, he squeezed. That effectively elongated my nipples, which he now desperately suckled.

As he sucked, I stopped riding him up and down and instead began a slow, circular grind at the base of his cock. His groans were muffled by the mouthful of nipple, but I could tell they were getting louder. 

Grinding into him, it wasn't long before warm waves of pleasure rose up from my stimulated clit. Suddenly, I was clenched tightly around his cock. I threw my head back and gasped in my ecstasy. 

At the same time, he pressed both hands against my back, urging my breasts into his face. It was now completely engulfed as, with his mouth still latched onto a nipple and his hips heaving, he unloaded deep within me. 

When he finally released my nipple and came up for air, he looked up at me with his disheveled hair and flushed face and breathed, "Let's have another row soon."