 The following words were left ringing in my ears.

"I like to be watched as I play with myself. Would you like to watch me?"

My girl just "upped" the game. 

I never really considered myself as a voyeur but I guess the excitement of anonymously observing a woman such as my busty princess express herself sexually was a pleasure I couldn't ignore.

The question arose in my head as to whether I was playing into her fantasies or if she playing into mine? The answer was clearly irrelevant. Neither of us had any cause to examine the situation, so we just let ourselves fall into the fantasies we were creating.

We moved into the warmth of my bedroom and locked our bodies into a comfortable embrace. The Kimono she was wearing parted beautifully so her soft boobs were able to press hard against my chest. I fixed my eyes downward to see her cleavage pushing up towards our faces. I couldn't resist another slow tongue-kiss across each of her bulging tits.

As I lifted my lips from her chest, she locked onto my gaze with a wry smile on her face.

"Here's the scenario", she whispered. "You've just come home from work and you need to relax". 

My interest piques.

"You're not sure if your flatmate is home, so you decide to quietly peek into her bedroom to find out".

She directs me to go out the front door and enter the house as if I was truly coming home from work. She said that the rest of the story is up to me. The scene was set.

My heart was racing a million miles an hour as I opened my front door and stepped into the house. I was very cognisant of the situation and yet I felt giddy with anticipation.

I quietly made my way to the bedroom door and partially cracked it open to peer inside. The bed was orientated so that the bed-end was facing the door. And there she was.

Sitting up against the bed-head, her luscious lips were well and truly buried into the flesh of her heaving breasts. Sucking and licking them with a passion that I thought only I could render. From one breast to the other, her tongue pressed deeply into her boobs, leaving a luscious trail of wetness in her wake.

My excitement rose exponentially as I slyly watched her through the thin gap of the partially ajar door. My brain fell into the situation perfectly as I imagined her as my flatmate and I was seeing some sort of forbidden scene. My pants became unbearably tight as my cock rose to full attention, so I decided to slip out of them and give myself some attention.

Her boob sucking continued unabated and even seemed to intensify as I stroked my cock. I knew she couldn't see me fully, but I suspect it was the very thought of the situation that got her so worked up. She knew perfectly well what she was doing to me and she loved every second of it. As did I.

As I watched on, she leaned forward and completely removed the kimono she'd been wearing this whole time. Now she was completely naked, she settled back against the bed-head and resumed the self-gratifying onslaught on her tits. In the most subtle movement she slowly spread her legs as if to become more comfortable, revealing the supple perfection of her rosy pussy. My stroking got more intense.

With her right arm, she scooped up her ample chest and held them to her furious lips, all the while reaching for her handbag with her left hand. This was curious. For a brief moment she halted all activity and began to rummage through her handbag, searching for something which she she soon found. A purple dildo.

I had to instantly stop stroking myself for fear of cumming before the real excitement began. I don't think I've ever had wider eyes in my life.

She held the dildo in both of her hands and reached forward towards her pussy. As she did this her boobs squeezed together and (obviously through experience) forced them up towards her waiting mouth. She gently slid the dildo up and down her wet labia, casually twisting the ribbed enclosure across her clit. She quietly exhaled as the sensations rose in her body. Soft moans of delight began slipping from her mouth in between her nipple licks.

"Ahhhh". The tender iterations she expelled with every gesture she made to her body.

I looked down at my desperately urgent cock, wondering if I could last the journey and when I looked up again she had slipped her dildo into her pussy. Her pussy lips seemed to lap up the attention, swallowing the dildo as it glided inside, and clenching desperately to it as it glided out. 

After what seemed like ages had passed, I could see her starting to writhe more and more to the rhythm of her actions. That's when I decided that I wanted to be more involved with what I was witnessing.

With a rude knock, I opened the bedroom door all the way and said, "hey, I hope I'm not disturbing you, but..."

Without breaking stride, she partially opened her eyes to see me standing in the room and said, "ohh, you seem to have caught me relaxing". She was sticking to the script.

I feigned bashfulness and replied, "I'm sooo sorry. I...I didn't realise you were...umm...busy". 

"That's okay, you're just in time", she responded. "I know that we're flatmates, but I could do with your help...if that's okay with you?".

"Umm, sure...I...don't really know what to say".

"Well first of all, you could get rid of those pants and show me that hard cock I can see under there".

I dutifully dropped everything below my waist and let my cock spring forth towards her.

"That's better. Now I want you to cum on my boobs as I bring myself to orgasm".

From the mouth of babes. How could I resist such an offer when i was already at bursting point. She continued to work magic on her herself and it wasn't long before she was starting to tremble with a prelude to climax. Her eyes were firmly fixed on my cock as I stroked it faster and faster. I knelt on the bed right next to her bulging cleavage that was glistening from her own saliva. In a few short tugs I jettisoned my pent up load across her bountiful tits, covering a decent proportion of her exposed flesh.

Within moments of this she exploded in a seething mass of uncontrollable shivering, arching her back and expressing a supreme pleasure that seemed to last forever.

I collapsed on the bed next to her. We lay there in a pure state of ecstasy with our hearts beating wildly and our minds reeling from the adventure we had enjoyed together. There was no sense of the past or the future, only what we were experiencing right then and there. It wasn't until a day or two later that I really had the time to consume what a special experience I had.

The most amazing part to this is that this was just the beginning of many more adventures to come. This girl was incredibly special and little did I know what lay ahead.