 After our previous encounter, my girl (name?) and I spent many an evening engrossed in the most luscious boob-play.

Every night was a re-visitation to the pleasures that we'd experienced in our first encounters as consenting adults. My lips were run ragged by the overly excessive lashings of licks, sucks and kisses across her big breasts. Every one of those was a pleasure to experience. I never tired of admonishing her supple orbs.

A week later we were spooning on my couch, watching TV. My hand was well and truly stuffed under her shirt, tweaking the amazing softness of her nipples. Suddenly her mobile phone began ringing.

I asked her to ignore it but she answered it anyway, letting me grope her through the discussion.

I listened to her half of the conversation.

"Hi, how are you?... No I'm at my boyfriend's place... Can we catch up tomorrow?... Oh okay, let me check..." She covered the lower half of the phone and turned to me. "Would you mind if my best friend came over to visit?"

I was reluctant to agree because I was quite content with our current situation. I didn't want anyone coming around to disrupt any potential sexual interactions between me and my girl. The last thing I wanted was to stop playing with her tits.

I umm'd and ahhh'd, but then she said something that immediately changed my mind.

"You'll like her. She's a great girl and she's got big boobs like mine".

Well. Those were some magic words right there. How could I resist the company of two busty girls?

She jumped back on the phone and told her friend to come around.

Half an hour later there was a knock on the front door. My girl got up and proceeded to invite our guest inside. The two women entered the lounge room and I was immediately taken aback by my girl's cute friend. Her brunette hair flowed just beyond her shoulders and her dark eyes had a sexiness to them that made my pulse quicken. Her blouse was straining to keep her boobs contained and her small stature made them more prominent as their shape swelled beyond her lithe frame.

I think the look on my face was obvious enough for my girl to notice that I appreciated her friend's attributes. In fact, I think she'd been counting on it.

We all sat down on my couch and the girls got to talking. It was the usual chatter until their conversation started to get more intimate. Surprisingly, my girl started to talk more candidly about our recent exploits, even to the point of detailing the specifics of my hands and lips on her breasts! I must admit that I acquired a blush across my cheeks.

Her friend seemed to lap it all up quite matter-of-factly. So after each comment I simply nodded and agreed. I even reached across and rubbed my girl's boobs to demonstrate my actions. Her friend didn't show any sign of an uncomfortable reaction, but seemed to merely soaked it all in. I think I was more astounded than anyone else in the room.

After a few minutes of conversation, the girls excused themselves to have cigarette out back. I stayed in the lounge watching TV. I heard them come back into the house but they didn't re-enter the lounge room. It may have been a minute at the most but I started to wonder where they'd gone to. I peered out of the lounge room door and heard some sounds coming from my bedroom.

I heard soft exhales, clothing dropping to the floor and quiet, yet excitable chatter and giggling. With hindsight, I can obviously deduce what I was about to discover, but in the moment I was puzzled and intrigued.

I pushed open my bedroom door and found myself presented with such a heavenly scene.

There before me was my girl and her best friend. They were each completely topless. Each was holding their own breasts and they were rubbing their nipples together. Both were smiling and watching their hard nipples swiping against each other.

They closed their eyes as they slowly encircled each other's nipples, occasionally peeking down to watch their actions. They threw their heads back in rapturous pleasure, gently cooing and expelling soft sighs.

In one swift motion my girl pushed her friend onto the bed. She straddled her quivering body and leaned forward, offering her breasts to her lips. Without any hesitation her friend locked onto her left breast and sucked it with the same passion as myself. The beautiful sounds of a breast being sucked permeated my ears. The wet slurps and popping kisses aroused me beyond my limits.

I couldn't take this anymore. I had to be involved. The girls hadn't looked in my direction once, but I knew this was all for my benefit (in hindsight). My presence was just a matter of timing.

I took off my shirt and lay down next to my girl's best friend.

My new guest looked towards me and said, "suck my boobs," in the softest voice. All I could think of was, 'yes please!'. My girlfriend threw me a sly smile and I knew I was invited into this intimate party.

I leaned over and began sucking the sweetest boobs I'd tasted since...well...my girl! In fact, my girl's boobs were right there in front of me, being sucked by her best friend so I began swapping my lips from one girl to the other. I was in a dream. Everywhere I looked was a vision of beautiful breasts. My lips were jumping from one boob to the other...simply gorgeous.

The afternoon got sexier and sexier. At one stage I was on my back with two pairs of sumptuous breasts being run across my lips. I watched both sexy babes lick their own nipples, putting a torturous strain on my rock-hard cock. 

The two girls then looked at each other knowing perfectly well what effect they were having on me. Seconds later they had me sitting on the side of the bed. They both prised my knees apart and settled into the middle of my legs with my cock pointing directly towards their breasts. My girlfriend began stroking me with a definitive purpose as her friend cupped my balls and fondled them gently. Each of the girls bit their bottom lips as they played with me, not once taking their eyes from my hard cock. My eyes were rolling back into my head as I lapped up every moment of their gorgeous attention. My breathing quickened and I knew I could no longer take such beautiful torture. My helmet brightened to a deep purple and we all knew i was about to capitulate.. Moments later I explosively sprayed my cum across both of their luscious cleavages. Their reaction was to quickly raise their boobs together in order to capture every last drop I had to give. 

I watched as my cum rolled slowly down their perfect curves. Some of it settled into the deep recesses of their cleavages. I was already out of my mind with pleasure when they both turned towards each other and started to press their cum-laden boobs together. Rubbing my cum into their breasts like it was a special tonic. Slipping and sliding, they managed to rub every last drop into each others massive tits. 

I was the happiest man alive!

As much as I wanted it to, this experience never repeated itself. It was a one-time deal that I will treasure for all time. Despite that, my girl and I continued to have a beautiful relationship and we had more adventures to follow.