 Author's Note 

This is a work of complete fiction (I wish I could write a real novel). Enjoy!

***

When no publishing house picked up my first novel, I ended up doing it myself. The reviews from friends and family were good but sales were disappointing. Getting to 100 sold was a big deal, as was an invitation from a local book club to come and speak to them.

On the scheduled day, I arrived to find five ladies looking forward to talking with me about my story, the process of writing, and anything else that they could think of. They offered me a glass of wine to help the process along and soon we were all engrossed in the story and everyone's thoughts.

Various munchies helped us all wash down more wine as bottle after bottle flowed. The conversation kept going although one of the women had to leave early. The rest of us continued chatting and they loved hearing about the editing process and how the story can change before publication.

The most vocal of the ladies was Sara. She seemed to be in her early forties with blue eyes and dirty blonde hair. Her build was good for her age. She was not a stick but still looked very nice. Her big breasts were her most prominent feature and she seemed to present them whenever I looked over at her. She was beside me on the sofa and seemed to be fondling my arm at every opportunity.

Eventually the conversation turned to my other projects. Sara spoke up first.

"So do you ever write any erotic stories?" Sara asked.

There was a groan from another of the women, Janine. The second, Mary, rolled her eyes and the last, Gretchen, looked down at her lap and seemed to color. The last one, Martha, had already left early.

Mary spoke up right away, "Sara, that's enough. We're not talking about your fetishes with a guest. Especially an author who has been so kind with his time."

Sara responded without losing her shit-eaten grin, "Now Mary, just because you don't like stories about sex doesn't mean that no one does. Some of us love reading about blow-jobs and fucking and licking pussy."

"Sara!" Gretchen admonished.

I felt myself color a bit and hoped that the discussion would turn soon. I had actually written a few sex stories although I did not want to discuss them with a bunch of suburban wives.

Sara frowned at Gretchen and grabbed my wine glass. She took it into the kitchen and Janine spoke up.

"I'm sorry Terry, Sara is always trying to get us to read those stories. We tried one last year and I could not even finish it."

I nodded without saying anything. Sara walked back and handed me my glass. It was full of the Pinot Noir we had been drinking for a while. I took good drink before setting it down.

Sara dropped beside me and started in again, "so Terry, do you ever have any anal in your sex stories?"

Mary stood up said, "I guess the discussion is over. Thank you for ruining another meeting Sara."

Janine stood as well and told Gretchen she was sorry but also had to go. Gretchen nodded silently while rubbing her forehead. Gretchen was hosting the party and I imagined she would leave if she could as well.

The three of them walked to the door and Sara grabbed her wine and toasted me. She looked like the Cheshire Cat as we took another drink. Her hand was on my thigh now and I could feel the heat it was causing in my loins. Gretchen returned and started cleaning up. She walked into the kitchen and Sara moved. She slid off the couch onto her knees in front of me.

"Thank god they finally left," she said as she reached for my belt.

I sat there in shock as she opened my pants and fished out my dick. I should have stopped her but could not seem to do anything but watch. Gretchen walked back in and saw what was happening.

"Sara, no, not here in my living room."

Sara was stroking me while rubbing her thumb across my dickhead. It felt great and I started growing immediately.

"I told you I was going to suck off any author we got in here. Besides, my husband is home and yours is gone. I would take him home if I could," Sara said as she leaned over my lap.

She slid her mouth down on me and I inhaled deeply. I was getting fairly hard now and she immediately showed she knew what she was doing. She took all of my shaft and pressed her nose into my pubic hair and held herself there for a moment. She gulped air as she came up and grinned at me.

Gretchen was frowning but not doing anything to stop her. She seemed to be considering her options. She obviously did not like what was happening, but did not seem to want to throw either of us out.

Sara was back on my dick, bobbing her head, as I was fully erect. She pulled down her top and showed me her huge tits. They bounced delightfully as she worked my rod and I would have grabbed them if Gretchen was not watching our every move. She seemed resigned to what was happening now. She had her arms crossed in front of her and was waiting for Sara to finish.

Gretchen was a vision to me. Sara's big breasts were nice, but Gretchen was more to my tastes. She was maybe five feet two and could not have weighed a hundred pounds. Her bushy blonde hair was wavy and I wanted to play with it. Her breasts were no more than B-cups, since I could barely see them in her loose cotton blouse. Her waifish figure in her shin length skirt made her look more like a teenager than the woman in her mid-thirties that I suspected she was.

Sara was down sucking on my balls and it looked like Gretchen was gazing at my dick. I hoped she was. Gretchen bit her lip and I saw her hand drift to her her crotch and then leave as she saw me looking at her. She grinned and colored as she did. I returned my gaze to Sara who was enjoying herself immensely. She licked up from my right ball all the up to my cockhead and then slathered all over most every spot on my shaft.

Suddenly a phone chirped quietly and Sara pulled away.

"Son-of-a-mother-fucking-bitch," she swore and hung her head.

She quickly got up off her knees and headed for her purse. As she walked by Gretchen she said, "Keep him hard for me sweetie."

I saw Gretchen's eyes get big and she looked over to me. She only hesitated a moment and then sat down on my left. Her eyes were glued onto my dick. I was nice and hard already and could see where Sara's saliva had wet my entire shaft. I wanted to grab myself and start stroking, but did not want to do anything that would break the spell that seemed to be in the house.

We could both hear Sara in the other room arguing with someone on the phone. She was saying that the meeting was going longer and she should be allowed to stay but obviously the caller disagreed. She came back into the living room and looked murderous as she spoke into the phone.

"Fine. I'm leaving now. Tell her that I'll be there in a few minutes."

She hung up the phone and growled at her situation. She looked at me with my hard dick sticking up and Gretchen sitting demurely beside me.

"Fuck that looks good. I would have rocked your world," she said.

Gretchen watched her friend leave and then stared at the door for several seconds. I was not sure whether I would be sent out or not. I was afraid to move.

Gretchen looked back at my crotch for several seconds as finally reached over and ran a finger down my shaft. She flipped her hand palm up and ran the finger back up to my cockhead. It felt divine. I got even harder and a drop of precum appeared. Her finger moved up and spread out the liquid in a circular motion. She blew out a breath as she did.

Suddenly she looked up at me, "Do you have to go?"

She pulled her hand back as she realized what was happening. I wanted to grab her hand and put it back on me. I wanted to rip her clothes off and ravage her. But all I said was, "Not unless you want me to."

My apartment was empty and I could be gone for months and no one would notice. I had never had much luck with women. Yea, I went out on dates. Even got laid occasionally (very occasionally). But was never considered a ladies man at all. Yea, my job as a recruiter for a consulting firm would miss me the next morning, but I had nothing important to do for the rest of the week. I could call in sick.

Gretchen got a grin and reached back over to me. Her hand now slid around my shaft and she pumped it slowly. She was still delicate and I imagined that she was dainty in everything she did. A soft moan escaped me and her grin widened.

Still, I had to ask, "your husband?"

The grin disappeared and I hoped she did not throw me out. Instead, her other hand reached over and gripped my cockhead. Her thumb mimicked what Sara did earlier and I swallowed another groan.

"He's gone until tomorrow night; on business. He goes to New York for one week every month," she replied.

"Oh," was all I said. I did not want to talk any more about him than I had to.

Apparently Gretchen did, "Arthur is 5 feet 5 inches tall. My mother said he would be good for me since I'm so short."

"You're not short, you're perfect," I interrupted.

Delight blossomed in her face and she looked even more beautiful to me. I had not meant to say what I did out loud, but I was glad I did.

"Arthur's never lifted a weight in his life. You're bigger in every way than he could ever dream of being," she added.

I'm 5 foot 10 and weigh about 190. Maybe a little overweight but I carry it pretty well. I played soccer in high school and stayed in shape as much as anyone else, working out twice a week or so. I'm also about 6 and a half inches long so I'm not large by any means.

I looked down at my prick, "really?"

"Oh yea," she purred.

"Longer and thicker," she added with a gleam in her eye.

I had to smile. Any guy called big there will smile, I guarantee you. She climbed into my lap and her dress pushed up her onto thighs where it bunched up around my cock. She leaned in for a kiss. It was soft and delicate, just like her. She pulled away before I wanted her to. Hell, I never wanted that kiss to end.

She grabbed my cock and started stroking again.

"So here's the deal. I'm yours until five tomorrow morning. That's an hour before my neighbor leaves for work."

I grinned at this. It sounded like a night in heaven to me.

"There's more. I'll deny everything to Sara or anyone else. Your phone sits on the table there until you leave. No photos, no videos."

I nodded at everything, it still sounded perfect. She kissed me again, with more force this time. It ended quickly though.

"Two more things. Nothing in my bedroom. That's Arthur's room and I'll not violate it," she said.

I nodded at this. That was no problem for me. I could stay on the couch with her in my lap all night.

"What's the other?" I asked.

She kissed me once more and I felt her tongue push through my lips. We dueled inside my mouth for a few seconds and she pulled away again.

"You can't have me in missionary. He does that every Saturday night for four minutes. Please tell me you can last longer than that."

While it did not sound like much, I had never timed myself. Plus she was probably the most beautiful woman I had ever been with.

"I'll do my best," I said quietly.

I pulled her to me and kissed her hard. After a few seconds she melted into me and we made out for a few minutes. She pulled away as we ran out of breath. Her smile was wonderful. I hoped I would never forget that look. Gretchen's arms were around my neck and mine had been around her waist, rubbing her back.

I moved to her blouse and started on the buttons. She reached to stop me.

"Are you mine tonight?" I asked softly.

She nodded and I opened the last fastener. Before I pulled the seams apart she stopped me again. I looked into Gretchen's eyes.

"I'm sorry they're so tiny," she said in a small voice.

I could tell she was embarrassed. I pulled open the loose fitting garment and saw two perfect breasts with small nipples sticking out a hair below the center of each one. They were gorgeous, with no sag at all. I reached up and gently cupped them in my hands. It was true that my palms covered each boob entirely, but I had no complaints.

She frowned into a pout and cried, "see?"

I would have none of it. My hands went under her arms as I said, "you're right, they're tiny. I couldn't spend more than a month on these."

I lifted her up and towards me. Gretchen went to her knees as her right tit moved to my mouth. I licked the nipple and then sucked on it. This close she smelled heavenly and I heard a gasp as I inhaled harder on her nub. I resumed licking all over her breast and then moved to the other to give it equal treatment. After a bit she whimpered. I was sucking a bit harder now and was afraid I was hurting her. I let up and she pushed her tit back into my mouth.

"Oh god, Terry, please don't stop. It feels so good," she purred.

I moved to switch tits again and her hand guided it into my mouth. I started sucking as Gretchen held my head in place with her other hand. The first was still around the edge of her tit, massaging it as I worked her nipple with my tongue.

This went on for a while, until I pulled away from her chest. Gretchen was breathing hard and seemed almost flustered. She kissed me hard and I could feel her humping against me through her skirt. After a bit I broke the kiss and she seemed almost beside herself.

"Are you okay baby?" I asked.

"I'm so close, I never get foreplay. Please help me!" Gretchen moaned.

We both reached for her crotch at the same time. She pulled her skirt up and I reached for her panties. I pressed against her pussy and Gretchen inhaled deeply. That was not going to do it for her, and she grabbed her undies and pulled them aside. I had access now and rubbed two fingers along her slit. Gretchen whimpered again and I slid one inside her tunnel. It was leaking fluid now and coated my finger quickly. She moaned loudly and her head went back.

I held her with my other arm as I fingered her slowly. Her hands were now on my shoulders and her hips were rocking to get my finger deeper into her. Her eyes were closed. Her head was nodding in time with her hips and my hand. On one stroke I slid a second finger inside her. A guttural 'yes' escaped her lips. Her thrusting got more pronounced and her breaths got deeper. Gretchen was on the edge of a big orgasm.

My hand had slid down to her ass, feeling her movements more acutely. As I got her timing down, I curled my fingers into her g-spot as she pulled her hips back. Gretchen gasped loudly and her eyes popped open. She stopped all movement and I took over. I started working her g-spot while pressing her down onto my hand from her ass. My fingers were tickling inside her pussy now and it only took seconds.

"Yes, yes, Yes, YES, YES!" she screamed.

Gretchen hunched over and scrunched her face. The pleasure overwhelmed her and her forehead fell against my shoulder. My hand left her honeypot and held her for support. She shivered a bit and then fell against me; breathing hard.

It did not take long and Gretchen recovered some, "oh my god."

I rubbed her back, "enjoy that?"

"Oh my god! That was amazing. Terry?" she said as she sat up.

Gretchen looked deep into my eyes and I could see the post-orgasmic glow. I could not help but smile.

"Yea babe?" I asked.

"You shit, that was fabulous," she replied.

I felt my smile disappear, "you didn't like it?"

She took another deep breath, "I loved it. But I can't make you cum like that."

My smile came back with a vengeance. I pulled my fingers up and sucked them to get a taste of her juices.

"You almost made me cum just watching you. That was beautiful," I said softly.

Gretchen looked like she did not believe me, and shook her head.

"They're really not too small?" she asked finally.

Now I probably looked like I did not believe her, "Gretchen, you're beautiful."

Her look was priceless. She looked embarrassed at the compliment. After a moment she thanked me quietly. Two lips pressed against mine interrupting my smile. We made out for a while and she was incredibly passionate. She rose up and I felt her positioning herself over my dick. I stopped her and pulled away.

"What's wrong?" she asked. Her excitement was obvious and she seemed in a hurry to mate.

"Nothing. But you said you never get foreplay. Let's fix that," I replied.

I laid her down on the couch and spread her legs. She was not sure what was going to happen until I slid between her legs and kissed her thigh. Her grin was splitting her face as I worked my way up to her honeypot; kissing, sucking, and licking as I went.

When I got to her vagina, it was moist with her excitement. I licked up the entire length once and then settled in to enjoy her. I worked over her pussy and she mewed her approval. Her moans increased while I pulled on her labia with my lips but she did not seem to react when I pushed my tongue into her folds. She perked up greatly when I got to her clit. When I first licked it Gretchen inhaled, and then whimpered as I began suckling it gently.

Her hands were on my head soon and she started pressing me deeper against her. I took this as a hint to start sucking harder. She groaned as I did and her hands made fists in my hair. I brought a finger up to her pussy and slid inside her slowly. As I did, I tickled her clit with my tongue.

"Oh god, baby!" she moaned.

I went back to sucking her clit and started my finger fucking more vigorously. This got Gretchen going more and she started breathing harder. I curled my finger and it was like pulling a trigger.

"OH GOD!" she yelled and flooded me with her juices.

I swallowed what I could and felt the moisture around my mouth. Gretchen looked like she was in pain until she took a huge breath. Her chest started heaving as she tried to catch her wind. I watched her as she recovered and could not help but smile.

"Damn, Terry. That was fantastic," she finally said.

I got up and onto one knee between her legs. I was already eyeing her slit and aligning myself to push in. Gretchen stopped me and and had me sit down again. She then grinned while she climbed into my lap. We shared a sloppy kiss as she ground against my hard dick. Gretchen seemed in heat now and soon pulled the dress over my rod as she aligned herself with it.

It was my turn to moan as her warm tunnel accepted my cockhead. She got about an inch inside her before raising up and then pushing down again. Each time she sank down lower and the third attempt had me buried inside her. It felt absolutely sublime. Her tiny frame barely felt like she was there, but her snug quim had sheathed my sword tightly.

I flexed my cock and she moaned back at me. My hands went to Gretchen's hips as we shared the intimate connection. She leaned in and we kissed as she ground herself against me. My dick moved slightly inside as she shifted and more and more lubricants permeated our coupling. I lifted her up a bit and then pushed her down on me again. Another groan escaped her.

"Fuck Gretchen, that's so good," I murmured.

She smiled, "you like this?"

"Oh yea, baby. You feel amazing," I responded.

Gretchen arched her back, presenting her breasts up to me. I moved one hand up and pinched her nipple gently.

"Oh baby, do that more. Treat me like a slut. Like your slut," Gretchen purred.

I squeezed a little harder and she whimpered. I was still guiding her hips with my other hand and we had a nice rhythm going. Gretchen was breathing hard and extending each stroke as far as she could.

I wanted this to last forever. She was gorgeous and hearing her talk dirty was driving me crazy. Besides, being in my late forties could be a problem that night. Getting up again and again after cumming did not work so well anymore.

Not wanting to did not matter. Gretchen would not be denied. Her moans were like icing on the velvety cake of her vagina. The slick heat and massage she gave me did the trick. Her muscles were doing some sort of rippling squeeze on me while she was riding me. After a short while I groaned loudly and she grinned.
