 "That's me finished for the day." Cythia the shift supervisor said as she walked out the librarian's office. "Remember you have to show that researcher the manuscript, and then lock up."

"Of course Cythia. Enjoy your evening." Alice said with a smile, as she sat at the library help desk. She was just a library assistant and really shouldn't be left alone to finish up for the evening, but quiet as it was Alice wasn't going to complain, besides, she enjoyed being alone in the library. 

Alice yawned and stretched, her heavy bosom straining against her fitted shirt and vest as she did. Those things really were so annoying. But no matter, this was the best time of day, at the best time of year. The height of summer, so no students to crowd and mess the place up. Even the academics were mostly on holiday, fortifying themselves for another teaching year. A few regulars came in, Alice thought just to sit and enjoy the atmosphere, but as the day wound down they had all gone. The only minor annoyance was the chatter of tourists in the quad outside, but considering they were coming to see one of the most renowned libraries of one of the most renowned colleges of England, Alice couldn't really complain. And besides - for now at least, it was her library.

Alice smiled and slouched back in the chair, looking up at the ceiling. The red evening sun turned the oak wooden bookshelves lining the walls golden, and Alice was in heaven. Then a shadow fell over her. Frowning, Alice turned back towards the entrance to the library. A gawky young man stood before her. 

"Excuse me miss, is the librarian here? I've arranged to see a manuscript."

Alice frowned at that, clearly this young man was assuming a librarian was an old man in a sweater vest or an even older women with her hair in a bun. How dare he assume that she wasn't a librarian, just because she was young! Never mind of course that technically she was just a library assistant, and in fact not a librarian - it's not like any non librarians knew the difference!

"Yes, I've been waiting for you, I will take you through to the old manuscript room." Alice said, emphasising the I. She stood up and straightened her thigh length dark skirt, she didn't want to undermine her authority now by walking around with an accidental wedgie! Alice walked towards the old manuscript room, the young man falling in behind her, but not before his downcast eyes pored over her chest. Men! All the same. He was awkward looking, wearing clothes that seemed too big for him, but not bad looking underneath it. If only these college boys would wear something that fitted them they'd all look so much better, but she guessed fashion was too much effort when your head was in the clouds.

"So, you wanted to see the illustrated Ars Amata? Interesting, the art of love, one of our more talked about treasures!" Alice made conversation as she went, it looked like he was pretty socially awkward and she may as well try and get some conversation out of him. "I understand that the manuscript was pretty scandalous! Must have been a pretty perverted monk that drew that one. What's your name by the way?"

"Um, I...David. Yes. Um...I've been working with the digitised version, but there are some fine details that didn't quite come through, so I have to check them against the manuscript."

She opened the door to the old manuscript room, thick heavy shelves lining the room and a blind on the window to stop too much damaging light against the ancient tomes. This room was darker and more imposing than the rest of the library. Alice knew some found it uncomfortable, but here she was at home, surrounded by knowledge, cosy and snug. She led the young man to the bookcase where she knew that manuscript was, and pulled it off the shelf laying it out on the desk ledge below the bookshelf. She saw David was looking confused at the shelves. 

"Why do these books have chains on them?" He asked

"Oh yes, well back in the old days books were so rare and expensive that they were chained to the shelves to stop anyone from stealing them. We've just...kept the tradition." Alice said. She supposed it was a bit odd in this day and age.

Alice laid out the book and opened it up randomly, the page falling open to a woodcut scene of what must be some sort of orgy. David turned away and coughed, and Alice could see that his cheeks were bright red. Alice smiled, and tried not to laugh at his discomfort. Finally, David turned back and looked over the page.

"Wow, the ink is so much more vibrant in real life, and look, you can see pencil strokes beneath that..."

Alice smiled. "Yes, digital is good, but you can't beat the real thing. The look, the smell, the touch..."

"Um, can you turn the page?"

"Oh, you can do that." Alice said, and moved up behind David and picked up his hand and placed in it on the book. "Don't worry, as long as your hands are clean it's much better than to..." Alice trailed off as she realised what she had done. For a moment both Alice and David stood silently, her hand on top of his, her body pressed against his. 

"Um..." David said, not moving. "This is so soft. What is it?"

Alice stood rock still, trying to work out what to do. Talk about unprofessional! "Um, it's vellum. Skin." Was David leaning back into her slightly? She could see a bulge in David's pants poking awkwardly over the edge of the desk. She glanced back at the door, to the empty library beyond.

Oh, what the hell. 

"You see" Alice said, and gripped David's hand more firmly, running it down the page. "In those days they thought skin to skin was the best way to learn. Skin and chains." She turned David around, his erection pushing against her belly. 

She raised his arms, and before he could do anything, wrapped the book chains around them. 

He gasped, saying nothing. She slowly bent down, her breasts pushed against his chest, moving onto her knees. Gingerly touching his trouser bulge, she flinched and then smiled as it twitched to her touch. She slowly undid his belt, and zip, and softly pulled his trousers down, boxers with them. His cock sprung up as the trousers descended, and momentarily Alice was shocked by its size. She had never seen a penis so big - but she guessed you couldn't tell the size by the demeanour of the man it belonged to! 

She slowly moved in, and kissed it on the tip, flinching as it twitched again. She could taste the fine silky salt of his precum. She then moved her mouth to the base, and licked up the shaft, taking the head in her mouth as she rounded the tip. He moaned - jackpot! Alice moved down the shaft, trying to take as much as she could into her mouth, but could only get halfway before it was pressing against the back of her mouth. She slowly withdrew it from her mouth. 

"You see David, digital is good, but you can't beat the real thing. The look...the smell...the touch...the taste..." She moved her mouth back down over his penis, back and forth. He was moaning, and bucking now, his cock jerking back to the back of her throat. Ok, here goes nothing...this time, taking her hand off his shaft, she steadied herself, both hands on his surprisingly firm ass, and forced her head forward. The head of his penis pushed against the mouth of her throat, and then... went down. She tried to relax her throat as she pushed forward, until the tip of her nose touched the skin above his cock. Doing her best to keep it there she worked it up and down, until eventually it got the better of her, and she withdrew coughing.

"oh my, David." She laughed. "That is definitely what you call a hardcopy." She went back to sucking, faster and faster, working the shaft with her hand, while her other hand reached up below her skirt and into her panties, feeling her shaved pussy. The lips were wet, and she worked the small mound of her clit, and her mouth and hand worked the big, hard shaft of his penis. 

"um, um...I'm going to come!" He gasped. Alice kept sucking, and a moment later her mouth was flooded with salty come. She swallowed it down, lessening slowly on his penis, and looked up smiling.

"Well David, look what you've made me do. I've broken one of the most important rules of the library - no drinking!"

They both laughed, and Alice stood back up, gently pulling David's hands out from the chains. As soon as she had done so though than they were on her, undoing her vest and unbuttoning her shirt. Alice steadied herself, grabbing onto the desk, and let him pull her top off. A second later her bra came too, her large but firm breasts exposed. David ran his hands over them, and bent down to suck them. "Oh yes" Alice said, as he licked and sucked her sensitive, pink nipples, holding onto his head. As he was bent down, she felt his hands move up her legs, and pull down her panties to her feet. She stepped out of them, and the suddenly found David step behind her, pushing her chest down onto the desk. She felt the softness of the vellum brush against her nipples, then down further and her breasts lay heavily on the manuscript.

David stood behind her, and she felt him pulling her skirt up over her bum. "A-Already?" She gasped, but then she felt his penis, still hard, against her pussy lips and she knew that it was so! She felt her pussy lips separate as his cock effortlessly pushed into her. She could feel it, filling her up, inch by inch. Larger than she had ever had before inside her. Finally, she felt his hips touch her bum, and she knew that it was inside her completely. "Oh my god..." She whimpered

He started to move his hips in and out, and his cock ran deliciously up and down inside her. At this angle, the head of his cock dragged right up the front of her pussy, every time firing sparks of pleasure. She bucked her hips backwards 

"Come on..."She breathed "I need this." David didn't need telling twice, and sped up, his hips slapping against her butt. She felt his balls slap against her pussy, and almost laughed, before his cock slammed home again and drove out a squeal instead. In and out, faster and faster, and she felt the heat and pleasure building in the front of her pussy. She opened her eyes, and looked at the manuscript beneath her...an intricate woodcut of a succubus riding a monk. Oh yes, 500 years old but finally this manuscript was getting treated just how it needed to be.

Finally the pressure building inside her burst. Waves of pleasure radiated out, and her knees buckled further. "Ah! Ah! I'm coming!" She screamed. David faltered and stopped, but at this point Alice didn't care. "Um..I...where do you want this?" He asked. Well, at least he as polite. 

"Anywhere you want it." She laughed, and a few moments later she felt streams of hot come landing on her butt. "mmm, you like that butt don't you?" She asked. 

"I surely do". David said, gingerly helping her up, off the manuscript.

"Well." Alice said. "It's closing time. I've just got to lock up...then we have the entire place to ourselves, all night. And trust me, ancient manuscripts are just the beginning. I have a whole library to show you..."