 At 1am I was snuggling down into the Cunninghams plush leather couch, my feet tucked up underneath me, and munching on my second bowl of popcorn . The twins were in bed hours ago and those cute little tots were blissfully asleep. Squared against the couch was their giant plasma TV, sporting interminable cable stations stretching into an infinity of re-runs. The room was dark, but the TV gave enough light to see by. I liked it that way. A strange house with the lights off was a mysterious thing, a mixture of the forbidden and the dangerous.

I was feeling tingly and excited inside because I had just explored their house, padding through the dark rooms in my bare feet. The biggest thrill was their bedroom, just being there made me feel so naughty. Idly, I had pulled open a drawer on their dresser and saw Mrs Cunningham had quite a lot of expensive lingerie. Standing in the half-light I picked up a lacy garter-belt and conjured an image of her wearing it while getting nailed on that big bed. I shocked myself with a thought that I should try her lingerie on. My stomach gave a little icy thrill. Even though I savoured that thought I was too afraid to dare. Besides, they would be home soon, I had better be downstairs. 

Once on the couch my finger was getting worn out pushing the up button on the remote. Jeez they must have every pay station going. 

Crap. Crap. Crap. Girl with two guys. Crap. Crap...What?

I froze in my seat. Did I just see what I thought I saw? My finger slowly moved from the up arrow to the down arrow. That was definitely two guys "going to town" on one girl all right. They were all topless and she was doing her best to keep them both happy. Kissing this way and that. Then the camera panned back and I squeaked in surprise, they weren't just topless. The guy behind was rubbing a big angry cock in the valley of her bum while she stroked the front guys tool against her belly with both hands.

I watched as they sandwiched her and groped her lustily. She was pretty, and blonde like me. She writhed between them, encouraging them on with moans and kisses. I bit my lip.

Something clicked behind me and I jumped with fright at the sound. I flicked the station and whirled to look over the back of the couch. Nothing was there. My heart was hammering in my chest as I listened intently. After sixty seconds of straining I heard their refrigerator, deep in the kitchen, crunch and gurgle as the ice-maker replenished itself. I fell back to the seat in relief, barely registering the gardening show on the other channel as I pulled myself together. 

It look several minutes.

When I had calmed down I knew had to go back. Preparing with furtive glances in every direction I picked up the remote again. The station came back and my eyes went wide as saucers. Oh my God! The things they were doing to her. They moved and ground together, panting and gasping, no part of her body was safe.

Shocked and thrilled I watched with rapt attention as they turned her this way and that. Took her in all kinds of ways. They were cute and fit guys and she seemed to be enjoying herself just as much as they were. I could feel my cheeks flushing. Not to mention the tingly, moist, sensation building in my pants.

A fantasy came alive in my mind, augmenting what I was watching. I imagined myself in her place. Trapped between those chiselled bodies, with no choice but to do every dirty thing they wanted to do. 

Imagine I did that. Imagine I was that kind of girl.

Bobby would faint. 

I smiled at that thought, but indulged the fantasy a little more. Maybe my boyfriend wouldn't faint. Maybe he would be into it. Maybe he'd bring over Josh, his hot friend from the football team, and "go to town" on me like that. I was warming to my fantasy and I shifted in the seat, feeling my clothes were too tight for me now. 

No, that's not it. Bobby wasn't much of a lover, it was always over too quick with him. 

My thoughts turned to Mr Cunningham, commanding and confident. In my new fantasy he was instructing Bobby how to treat me. When to tease and when to thrust. Which bits to lick and where to put his fingers. But, he wouldn't just "tell" Bobby. No, he would "show" him too. I would just have to go along with it. Helpless, but not wanting to be helped. Sucking what I was told to suck, changing positions as ordered, giving up whatever part of me I was told to give up. 

I squirmed in the seat as I watched the threesome. My mental state was getting to a critical point. I was so hot and bothered now, a steamy session of touching myself was inevitable. I wondered if I could possibly wait until I got home before I started attacking myself. Could I wait? Or could I do it here? I mulled over the possibilities.

It was extremely risky. If I was caught masturbating by my employers I'd never get a babysitting job again. They'd probably even tell my parents. But, god-damn-it, I felt so horny now I couldn't think straight. It's not easy to make good decisions in that state. I put a hand on my left breast. Just as a test. I could feel my aroused nipple through the fabric and I pinched it a little. 

God, that felt good. 

Just when I was contemplating whether rubbing the remote against the front of my jeans would be enough to get me off, I heard a rattling at the front door. Somebody was coming in. I quickly changed the channel and dropped the remote, adjusting myself so that I appeared in rapt attention to what was on. I took the bowl and munched a little of the popcorn. Blood was pulsing in the veins of my neck, but I schooled my face to innocent boredom. 

I felt a presence more than saw it, a deepening of the shadows.

"Hi Megan, what are you doing?"

It was him.

"Um ,nothing. Just watching TV Mr Cunningham."

He crooked a sceptical eye at the gardening show on the big screen and turned to look at me silently. I gazed up at him with moon eyes. He looked so handsome with his face shadowed like that. Something in his expression made me lick my lip nervously. He moved to stand between me and the TV. 

Had he seen what I was watching?

"It's time to drop you home." 

Eighteen and I still don't have a car of my own. The shame of it.

I got up off the couch. Strangely, he didn't step back. I had to rise in the small space he allowed me. I was very close to him, so close I could feel the tips of my breasts rub lightly on his chest. He was so tall, and I had no shoes on, my eye-level was at his collar bone. His shoulders were at least twice as wide as mine. This close I could feel the heat off his body and smell his aftershave. I looked demurely at his chest until he caught my chin in his hand and gently tilted it up until I was looking into his eyes.

"I know what you want Megan."

I held my breath.

"Barbara has gone to the gas station with the car."

He touched my lower lip with his thumb. 

"You've got fifteen minutes to get it."

It was like an explosion happened at that moment as we crashed together. I flung my arms around his neck and dragged him down to my hungry mouth. He kissed me savagely, worked my mouth open with his. Our tongues touched, and touched again. The sound of heavy breathing rushed in my ears. Mine? His? Who knew? I groped at his huge shoulders with the palms of my hands, examining the rock-hard muscle underneath his shirt. His hands roamed down to the small of my back then even lower to grip my ass, tugging me forward against him. Something hard was growing between us. He wanted me to know it was there. I crushed my tits against his chest, letting him feel how soft they were.

We broke our kiss and I eyed the wall clock frantically. Five minutes gone already! Now he was unbuttoning my shirt, quickly, and with well practiced fingers. I put both my hands into his crotch to feel his dick growing and twitching like a live creature. His face was in my cleavage now, kissing and licking. His fingers searched over my boobs until they found my nipples through the fabric of my bra. He played with them, pinching and rubbing until they throbbed and I gasped over the top of his head. Working on touch alone I struggled to undo his belt and button. I fumbled to open his zipper. Soon I had "it" in my hand, hot and smooth, hard as a rock. I got a start as I felt his size, he was both longer and thicker than Bobby. 

I glanced at the clock. Fuck, seven minutes.

Collapsing back onto the couch I started to claw at the studs of my jeans, popping them open. He lowered his trousers and pants as I desperately tried to do the same. Those damn skinny jeans were so tight they stuck to me like a second skin. I wriggled and wrenched in frustration just to get them off my hips. He joined me, but our tugging and pulling worked as much against each other as together. With a cry of exasperation he flipped me over onto my front. I gasped in shock as the air left my lungs. He grabbed my waistband and wrenched the jeans down off my ass as far as my knees, where they stuck fast. I was panting like a sprinter. Fresh air danced on my exposed backside.

I got my knees under me and crawled-shuffled to grab the arm of the couch for support. My jeans tangled my legs awkwardly. I felt him take position behind me and looked back over my shoulder at him. I couldn't see much except my backside, high in the air, and a look of concentration on his face. Then I felt "it" rub against my pussy, a hot bar of iron teasing me and making me moan. He was getting the head wet in the slick channel between my swelled labia, rubbing it up and down. 

He moved to my entrance and I felt him start to apply a delicious pressure. He was slow and careful, having no intention of roughing me up. The sensation mounted, making us breathe more raggedly, until my pussy popped open and we both said "Oh" in unison. He slowly pushed into me, letting me adjust. It felt so big I knew I would be tender in the morning, but I was so slick with juice that I felt nothing but pleasure now. He didn't stop until he had pushed every last bit deep inside me.

"God you're so tight" he gasped.

He slowly pulled out half way and back in again. Then he did it again a little faster, and a little faster too, building speed. I groaned to let him know how good it felt. He was getting up to a good pace, driving through the slippery clenching of my inner muscles. I gasped on the "out" and groaned on the "in", but he just got faster and faster until I could do neither one nor the other. The sounds just mixed into a long mewl of pleasure. 

I could feel myself about to let go.

Suddenly, the room was bathed in light. A huge neon blast from outside. I screamed in fright and he pulled out of me. A car had mounted the driveway like a hellish demon, lancing full beams at the sitting room window. We bolted up from the couch, everything looking freakish in the powerful white glare. 

I just couldn't move. I was frozen.

The headlights winked out and suddenly I realised I was standing with my shirt open and my trousers clinging between my knees. As we heard a car door open we both started to dress frantically. I shook with terror as I tried to get my panties out of the crotch of my jeans, but they were tangled up. There were footsteps on the driveway, heels clicking ominously. I abandoned my underwear and started yanking at my jeans to get them up, they clung to my thighs, stubbornly resisting all movement. I finally got them up as the key crunched in the door. 

He was already dressed now and moving nonchalantly. The front door cracked open, but I was still on my first shirt button. My fingers were trembling, hindering me. 

Button two. Button three. 

She appeared in the doorway and he moved to block her sight with a little kiss. 

Button four. Button five. 

When they parted I had my shirt closed. Her eyes flickered at my chest. 

Had she seen my hands lower from my bust?

We stood in silence for an awkward moment. Mrs Cunningham was an attractive woman, she filled her black cocktail dress with a fine curvy figure. Long dark hair tumbled over her shoulders. She regarded me without expression, her face an impassive mask. I tried a little smile, but it must have looked sickly. Every fibre of my being was twitching nervously.

"David, why don't you get the car ready to drop Megan home." her voice was low and cool.

"Sure thing honey," he drifted past her.

I made a move to follow him, avoiding eye contact as I headed towards the door. Just as I got to the door-frame, her arm shot out and thudded a palm against the wall. I jumped with fright and then cringed, now blocked at neck height. I turned to look at her with frightened doe eyes. Her face was an icy, expressionless, mask. It's funny how fright plays tricks on your powers of perception. Her lipstick looked so red, her diamond ear-rings sparkled.

"Just where do you think you're going?" her voice was deadly cold.

I shrivelled inside and quailed back as she loomed closer to me. I retreated from her until I could feel the wall press against my back. I was trapped. 

"Mrs Cunningham I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it." I was whimpering.

She came closer, staring directly into my eyes, menacing me. I shrunk back, but she didn't stop until our noses were literally touching. I could smell her expensive perfume rising from the deep cleavage of her dress. I was panting quick shallow breaths.

"I can explain. I was watching TV and there was... Mmmmm." 

My excuse was cut short by her kiss.

My eyes went wide with shock. She adjusted a little and kissed me again. One more time she kissed me with her full glossy lips. They felt so soft against mine. I didn't know what to do. It was so confusing, so terrifying. 

Could I push her away? Should I play along? 

I kissed her back. Just a little bit. Was I playing for time? Or was it an automatic response? I didn't know. I'd never felt attracted to another girl before, but just minutes ago I was having sex and my body was still in the zone. This new human contact was starting to affect me strangely. My inhibitions were not quite what they would normally be. She felt my kiss and murmured, encouraged. She was melting against me. 

I thought, "What the hell", and closed my eyes.

Our kissing got a bit more vigorous. Vigorous to the point where we would either have to stop or go the whole way. I opened my mouth a little and the tips of our tongues touched. The physical reaction to that tiny wet touch was electrifying, like an ice-cube had dropped from my throat to my crotch. Everything came flooding back. The naughtiness of searching the house. The horniness of watching porn. The down-right lust of fucking her husband. I thrashed against her and French-kissed her for all I was worth.

She started to struggle to control me as I gave vent to my passion. We ground together until she had me pinned against the wall with her body. She held my face steady with one hand and pulled open the studs of my jeans with the other. I writhed my hips as I felt her insinuate her fingertips under my panties. Kissing was one thing, but I wasn't sure about anything else. I didn't think there was room for somebodies hand in the front of these jeans, but somehow, she forced it inside. Any thoughts of reluctance melted away when her fingers prized open my labia and started to play in the wetness. When she pulled back the hood of my clitoris I moaned loudly into her mouth.

She gripped my chin, pushing my head back so she could nuzzle my neck. She swirled her tongue in the hollow of my collarbone and slithered it up to my earlobe. Inside my jeans there were no more games being played, she had found my clit and was rubbing it mercilessly with her whole hand. I thrust my hips uncontrollably, trying to kiss her, but she held my head back, nibbling my earlobe. When she shoved her tongue into my ear my eyes popped open with a startling realisation.

I was going to come.

I was going to come ,and there was not a God-damned thing I could do about it. The pressure was too much, it just had to be released. My tummy twitched and my clit throbbed, setting off a chain reaction of pussy spasms. I couldn't stop it even if I wanted to. I started to moan in a higher pitch. She understood that sound. She was waiting for it. Holding me tighter she started to really thrash her hand inside my jeans, driving me over the edge and giving me no chance to release my orgasm gently. I screamed as I came hard. Everything was clenching in time with the pulses from my clit, my stomach, my pussy, my ass-hole... everything. I put my head back and howled.

After the climax I shivered and groaned until she had rubbed every last aching pulse from my clit, every last helpless spasm from my pussy. Eventually I had to hold her wrist to make her stop. It was over, I couldn't take any more. She stepped away from me with a beaming smile on her face. I still needed the wall for support, my legs felt like jelly. I was was gasping, my face was flushed and so was my neck. Heat pulsed off me. She caressed my face with the hand from my trousers, leaving a big streak of wetness on my cheek.

"David will drop you home now honey."

Dumbly I nodded and made for the door. I was still twitching from my orgasm. The car was running in the driveway, pointing out. I pulled open the passenger door and gingerly got in. I was so distracted I had my seat-belt on before I realised my jeans were still wide open. Mr Cunningham watched with interest as I shyly started to button up. 

"Thanks for babysitting tonight Megan. Your fee is in that envelope"

"Thank you Mr Cunningham."

"We'd like to book you to babysit again next Saturday."

"Um... Ok Mr Cunningham."

"Call me David."

"Yes... Em... David"

"And Megan."

"Yes."