 Bending over the paper-littered desk, surrounded by stacked book cases a bespectacled Becky reached behind her to spread her ass cheeks as the devilishly handsome fellow behind her sank to his knees. Her skirt was pushed clumsily above her waist, revealing a slick black thong, matching stockings and suspenders which streaked across her thighs to a frilly band stretching across her hips. Biting her bottom lip, she peered over her white blouse shoulder, where mere moments before male hands had unbuttoned her top to play with her black-bra encased breasts within. Her globes halfway pulled from their cups, nipples stretched over the tight rims which still tingled from his tweaking and sucking. 

"Oh yeah, Johnny," Becky murmured, as he lifted her thong from its snug position, her reading glasses resting awkwardly on the bridge of her nose, "eat my pussy!"

His response was muffled through the folds of her wet flesh as his tongue wormed its way deep into her dripping orifice. 

"Fuck, that feels soooooooooooo good!" she groaned, thrusting her ass back into his face, feeling his nose prodded into her asshole. With her painted fingernails she clawed her buttocks, pulling them further apart, allowing him deeper access into her silky, wet cunt. His tongue lapped and licked and fucked her mercilessly, a seemingly ceaseless mechanical piece of taut flesh.

Drawing his tongue away from her cunt Johnny lapped at Becky's asshole, tickling her there, slurping the taut, brown rose. She let out a gasp of surprise, not used to having her anus licked, the sensation knee-buckling. She gripped the desk and clawed the edge, shoving her ass back into his face. Johnny grasped her hips and tongue-fucked her asshole, his salvia oozing from his lips to mingle with her literally dripping pussy-juice.

"Gonna fuck you good, slut," he promised her, getting to his feet and taking off his black t-shirt. Becky, her legs still tingly slowly turned round to face him, admiring his tight, rippled body. Her eyes spied the big erection bulging in his jeans. Taking off her glasses and placing them neatly on the desk behind her she was upon him immediately, caressing his prick with hungry fingers.

"You're not going to let me suck your cock?" she asked him, pouting, before she softly kissed his mouth, licking his tongue. Her fingers unzipped his flies, she reaching within to take hold of the hot, rigid flesh. She squeezed her prize, slipping it from his jeans and, still sucking on his tongue she gently shafted the circumcised erection.

"In time, baby," he told her. "I want you to suck your cunt-honey off my prick."

"Yummy!" Becky purred. "I love tasting my juice off a fat cock!"

Johnny took hold of her shoulders and spun her back round, so that her ass jutted out invitingly. He hungrily tore off her skirt, she kicking it to one side; her thong he tugged forcibly down her thighs. Spreading her stocking-thighs, she felt him nuzzle the bulbous tip of his purple dome against her silky-wet lips, before he slowly pressed forward, penetrating her. Becky gasped aloud as the fat prick filled her tight cunt, further and further still until she felt the full, thick length of him within her, balls-fucking-deep. Ye Gods, but he had a big cock!

"Like that, slut?" he growled into her ear.

"Fuck, yeah!" she moaned, feeling him slowly withdraw before sliding it into her once more. She moved back to meet his motion, her pussy slippery with honey. She could have sworn she felt his cock-veins throbbing inside her. 

Johnny smothered her perfumed neck with passionate kisses, he also taking hold of her right breast and squeezing it in his palm. Between his fingers he tweaked her engorged nipple, her body now shaking, her titties wobbling as he built up a steady rhythm, his cock sliding in deep, withdrawing, pounding within her, balls swinging deliciously beneath.

"Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me!" Becky panted through closed eyes, her tongue licking her lipstick-thick lips. His grip on her breast released, she felt him grip her hips as his pace quickened, his steel-like member piercing her each and every time he thrust deep into her honey-coated cunt. She threw back her hair, thick locks flaying her shoulders, and, letting out an orgasmic-charged groan came hard, her body rattling with climatic pleasure. Her clit felt as if it were on fire, yet Johnny did not stop. His magnificent cock continued plummeting away, harder, faster, harder, faster ... God, he could fuck!

Then, he withdrew, his cock slipping from her, the sudden absence momentarily unsettling. "Time to suck cock, you nasty whore," he told her.

"Oh yeah," she murmured, getting to her feet to face him. They swapped places, Johnny kicking off his jeans and briefs before leaning back on the desk as Becky sunk to her knees in front of him. Taking hold of his honey-sticky cock, she squeezed him between her fingers before lowering her head and lashing out with her tongue. Their eyes locked, Becky swirled her pink tongue around his purple dome, she lapping at pre-cum that oozed in a silver pool from the cock-eye. She gently nibbled upon it, and then drew her tongue down the thick length of his shaft. 

"Want me to take you in my mouth?" she asked him, whorishly, as she slapped his mushroom knob off her out-stretched tongue.

"And suck it, you fucking slut," Johnny grunted, peering down at her through lust-crazed eyes. Slowly yet surely Becky drew him into her mouth, onto her tongue, wrapping her lips around him, his cock pulsating wondrously in her mouth. As she allowed his cock to slowly melt onto her tongue, she could taste her cunt-honey drip from his throbbing cock like treacle down her throat.

"Delicious," she said, or try to say, with a mouthful of cock. And the she felt Johnny's hands upon her head pushing her down upon him, the tip of his prick nudging the back of her throat. She gagged, coughing onto him, snorting through her nose as he thrust deep into her mouth. Balancing herself on his muscular thighs Becky allowed him to fuck her mouth, he pumping as eagerly into the back of her throat as he did her pussy moments ago. He then released his grip on her, she coming up for air, a thick trail of pre-cum and saliva coming with her, splattering her lips as she spat him from her mouth.

Johnny took hold of his cock and smeared the tip across her face, wiping pre-cum and spit onto her flushed cheeks, her chin, across her exposed tongue. "Like sucking cock?" he asked her.

"Oh yeah, I love sucking cock," she replied, letting him rest on her tongue before he slid his fat prick into her mouth once more. He let her to her own devices, she now bobbing her head back and forth as she greedily gobbled upon him, slurping noisily, sluttishly.

"Goddamn, Becky," he groaned, peering down upon her, Becky now shafting him with one hand as she cupped his cum-heavy balls with the other. She sucked the tip of his cock between her lips and continued, her eyes never leaving his. 

"I want you to fuck me," she said, her breasts wobbling hypnotically within her bra as she pulled on Johnny's thick prick. "Fuck me hard!"

Within seconds Johnny had Becky on her desk, she laying across with her legs to each side, Johnny pushed up against her, his cock embedded in her sticky cunt, balls shoved up next to her. The desk rattled precariously as they fucked like this, Becky's breasts shaking loose from her bra, books once in piles toppling to one side and spilling onto the floor. Her white blouse was now a tangled mess wrapped around her arms and shoulders 

"Oh yeah, oh yeah fuck me, you bastard, fuck me!" Becky groaned, feeling his powerful hands on her breasts, gasping as his fingers pulled on her nipples, shuddering to his pussy-melting kisses upon her neck and throat. His thick, muscle-bulging thighs brushed against her stoking-thighs, and through closed eyes she felt his balls bash repetitively against her ass.

He lifted her right thigh into the air, a streak of black aiming skyward. Here he fingered her clit, she squirming against him, the pleasure almost unbearable. Now and then he would bite her, sinking his teeth into her shoulders, gently nibbling the exposed flesh. Her blouse was stained with his saliva.

"On your knees," he commanded her, withdrawing from her gooey cunt and helping her onto all fours on top of the tornado-strewn desk. 

"What have you got in mind, Stud?" Becky inquired, saucily.

"I'm gonna fuck your ass, slut. You know you want it."

"Oh yeah, baby," she purred, excitedly, "Fuck my ass! I want to feel your big cock in my ass!"

Johnny pressed his bulbous dome to the mouth of her asshole and pressed home. Becky hissed, but surprisingly his prick slid effortlessly into her anus. He withdrew, but thrust homeward again, this time to the hilt, his balls pressed against her pussy. Becky reached under to knead his testicles, eagerly fingering them.

"Oh fuck yeah!" she cried, as Johnny now fucked her, his cock sliding in and out of her ass in long, deep strokes. "Fuck my ass! Fuck me!"

Through gritted teeth the fellow did as he was told, throwing his cock deep into the sucking mouth of her asshole. Her ass was tight, so fucking tight, the sensation excruciatingly good. With her fingertips now fingering her clit and grazing his pumping prick Johnny knew that he wouldn't be able to hold off for long. Becky came once more, screaming her pleasure, her body wracked with climatic joy, her fingers twiddling her clit in a blur of motion, she concentrating solely on the incredible feeling of Johnny's gorgeous cock in her ass. Her climax was toe-curling-fucking-awesome. 

Feeling his orgasm building up inside him, from the tip of his toes to the very depths of his balls he told Becky in no uncertain terms that he was going to cum.

"Don't shoot in my ass," she warned him, "cum on me!"

Withdrawing before kneeling over her, Johnny shafted his ass-sticky prick as Becky spun round to face him. Here she cupped his balls to aid his climax, telling him to come all over her, that she wanted to bathe in his cum and whorishly licking her lips, wanting to taste him.

Nothing loathe, Johnny let out a grunt before his body moved forward, a great series of salty jets spurting from the tip of his cock. It went everywhere -- plashing Becky's breasts, her tummy, her neck, shooting as far as her forehead and hair, a few sporadic blasts decorating the desk and books around her. Giggling sluttishly Becky reached forward and gently sucked the twitching knob into her mouth, swallowing the small pool of silver cum that poured from his cock-eye. She released his prick from her mouth, admiring his magnificent orgasm. 

"Wow, Johnny," Becky said, suddenly letting go a girlish giggle, "you can work off your overdue library fines with me anytime!"

Fin