 Another Saturday morning, a day for hangover recovery. In other words, I will be drinking large quantities of water and eating soup while swearing off alcohol for the rest of my life. At the age of 23 and a recent college graduate, this has been my routine for nearly five years.

Normally these Saturdays are the most miserable days one could possibly experience, but today, just like every other Saturday over the past three months feels much better than all that have come before. That is because as I roll over my eyes fall on the most beautiful woman I have ever known.

First, let me tell a little about myself. I am just an average guy. I'm not overweight, but I am certainly no Brad Pitt. I have blonde hair, green eyes, and I am usually sporting a farmer's tan that any construction worker would envy. Recently, I had made an effort to lose weight and get in better shape. The results are beginning to show as I have dropped from 215 pounds to 195 pounds. My ultimate goal is somewhere in the 170-175 range, but that is a few months off.

In order to lose this weight I completely altered my diet from a beer and pizza based diet to one based on fruits, veggies, and home cooked meals. I say all this so that you may understand how I met my current girlfriend.

One day while running my daily mile at the local park, I saw what can be described only as beauty incarnate. I was smitten immediately. She was without question my dream girl: black hair that hung just below her shoulders, a slight tan, toned body, and a small smattering of freckles on her nose and shoulders. Throw in her beautiful brown eyes and a smile that could melt steel and it's safe to say that I did not see the tree I ran into.

As I was getting to my feet, completely embarrassed that I had managed to run into a tree, she ran up to me and asked if I was okay. Although I was ashamed at what had happened, I couldn't help but stare at this gorgeous creature before me. She seemed truly concerned with my well being and asked what happened.

Apparently, my run in with the tree had knocked me senseless as I immediately responded, "I was too busy staring at you." Instantly I realized what I had said and apologized for my outburst, blaming it on the heat, fatigue, and the tree.

My outburst did not bother her at all as she flashed that heart fluttering smile and gave me a look that said, "Thank you." Needless to say my cheeks were red for reasons beyond the mile I had nearly completed.

She extended her hand and said, "I'm Lacey."

Excepting her outstretched hand, "Nice to meet you Lacey, my name's Neil." How soft her hands were; I did not want to let go.

Either out of pity or genuine concern Lacey led me back to the parking lot and made sure I was okay.

"I'm fine, I promise," I told her, "my ego may be a bit damaged, but I am no worse for the wear."

It was then that I thought she would say good-bye and go about her business, but she was about to shock me with the greatest words I've ever heard: "Well since I'm the cause of your pain and anguish, let me make it up to you by taking you out for dinner tonight." I was dumbfounded. Here was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen and she was asking me to dinner!

I must have seemed a bumbling fool when I responded. "Yeah! That'd be great, I mean, if you know, that's cool or whatever." Idiot, every time, to say I was less than stellar when it came to dealing with women would be the understatement of the year.

Stifling a giggle she smiled and for the first time I noticed the twinkle in her eyes and my stomach and heart began turning somersaults. So we exchanged numbers and I gave her my address as she said this date was on her.

The rest of the day all I could think about was Lacey. Everywhere I looked I saw her smile, her eyes, and those freckles that gave her a cuteness that I would rate as a 100 on a 10 point scale. We had agreed that she would pick me up at 7 o'clock so when 6 o'clock rolled around I hopped in the shower. I made sure to shave and even ironed my polo shirt and jeans so that I would look as good as possible for our agreed upon casual date.

When she knocked on the door I nearly tripped over my coffee table as I ran to greet her. When I opened the door my jaw dropped as she stood before my in a sexy light red sundress that took my breath away. Noticing my reaction she flashed that knowing smile and asked if I was ready to go. Wiping the drool from my chin and pulling myself back together I told her that I was ready to go to the ends of the earth if she wanted.

We decided for a nice little pizza and pasta restaurant that had outdoor seating so that we could enjoy the wonderful Alabama spring weather. The food was as always terrific, but the company was endlessly more enjoyable as we spent nearly two hours eating, sipping wine, and telling each other the generic first date information about ourselves.

Finally Lacey suggested we hit up a quiet little martini bar in the town just 5 miles away so that we could talk some more. Completely enthralled as I was, I would have agreed to anything this goddess wanted.

We spent another 3 hours sipping martinis and cocktails and started talking about more personal things. It became quickly apparent to both of us that we were definitely hitting it off extremely well and we both were comfortable enough with each other to discuss things that were usually reserved for later dates.

When midnight rolled around, Lacey popped a question that caught me completely off guard and started a conversation that solidified her in my mind as my dream girl and soul mate.

"So, do you consider yourself a kinky and open minded guy?"

The answer was definitely a hell yes, but I wasn't sure whether that would be appropriate or if that appealed to her so I answered her startling question by saying, "Define kinky." Lame, I know, but I was afraid the answer my drive her away.

"Well, everyone has a different definition, but the reason I asked is that I consider myself to be very kinky and open minded and it is important to me that I find someone to share my fantasies with who will let met share in his fantasies."

In my head, I was throwing a party as it seemed I had found everything I wanted in a woman. She was beautiful, had a great sense of humor, extremely intelligent, and now it seemed that I had found someone to share all my wants and wishes with.

Still afraid to lay out my fantasies so early in our relationship, I said, "Well, I too consider myself to be kinky and open minded, but I feel a bit uncomfortable talking about these things so soon. Perhaps we could save that conversation for a later date."

The look on her face turned from one of mischievousness to one of worry as she seemed to fear that I would not be interested in sharing the things she fantasized about. But, as fate would have it, I managed to save the situation with a moment of relationship Zen. I leaned in close to Lacey and whispered, "There are many things that I want and desire to see and do, and would love to do with you, but I prefer to save those things for another day. I would hate for us to waste all of the great sexual adventures we want in too short of time."

This seemed to relieve her of her fear and we continued talking for another hour or so until I suggested we go somewhere else more private. Lacey's eyes twinkled, her lips broke into the sexiest grin and she said that would be great.

I paid for our drinks, although Lacey put up a minor protest, and walked with her back to her car.

"Where do you want to go?" Lacey asked.

"I was thinking we could go to my place and get to know one another better."

With a grin she started up her car and we rode to my place, flirting the whole way there. Halfway to my apartment I gained the courage, or perhaps the alcohol did it for me, and placed my hand on her thigh.

Now, don't get me wrong. I am not usually the "sex on the first date" kind of guy, but I was enchanted by Lacey's beauty, charisma, and personality. We had clicked like nothing I had experienced before and I wanted so badly to be with her that nothing in the world was going to stop me.

Finally we made it to my apartment and found ourselves sitting on my couch. I had mixed a couple of cocktails for us to sip on and as I sat down I found that I could resist no longer and leaned into Lacey and kissed her. She immediately wrapped her arms around me and kissed me back with a ferocity that I was more than happy to match.

"Let's go to your room," Lacey whispered as we broke our kiss.

I was happy to oblige and scooped her off the couch and carried her to my bed. I set her on the bed and lay down on top of her. Immediately the kissing began anew as our lips met and she wrapped her arms around me. I began to kiss her neck and worked my way to her ear where I lightly blew and nibbled which elicited a moan and caused her to wrap her legs around my back.

I felt her hands slide down my back and pull my shirt off so I leaned up to make it easier for her to get my shirt off. I decided to take my shoes off as did she. Continuing our passionate embrace, I worked my kissed from her neck down to the valley of cleavage where her heaving breasts came together. Kissing lightly around the valley, I pulled the straps of her dress off her shoulders and began sliding the dress down her body.

With her dress removed I was once again struck by her beauty as she laid before me wearing only a black lace bra and thong that made my little general stand at full attention. Seeing the tent that I was pitching, Lacey reached up, unbuckled my belt and jeans, slid the zipper open and began to pull my jeans off.

To make it easier on her I rolled over onto the other side of the bed and pulled my jeans all the way off so that now we were both lying in just our underwear.

"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen," I whispered in her ear.

I was continuing my kissing from before as I slowly made my way back to her breasts when she pulled my head up.

"Promise me you'll be here in the morning."

"Of course I will, "I laughed, "I live here don't I?"

Lacey was not amused by my attempt at humor; obviously she had been hurt before. "I don't mean just physically here. Promise me that when we wake up in the morning you will be mentally here as well. Promise me I am not just going to be a trophy, a one night stand."

I crawled back up so that our faces were nearly touching, "Lacey, since I laid eyes on you at the park today you have consumed my thoughts. Your beauty is unsurpassed by any woman I have ever seen. Tonight as we were eating, drinking, and talking I could not help but think how perfect you are. I've never clicked with someone the way we have tonight. I'm hoping that tonight is only the first of many we will share together."

For once in my life I had spoken from the heart without mumbling or stumbling. I meant everything I said and it was obvious she felt the same way. Before I could finish my last sentence she rolled me onto my back and began kissing me with a passion and fire that I had only dreamed of experiencing.

Before I had a chance to put my arms around her, Lacey leaned back and slowly removed her bra, making me wait in anticipation. When she finally let it drop down and threw it off the bed I was drooling like a crazed dog.

"Go ahead, feel them, lick them, and suck them. I love to have my breasts played with."

I needed no further encouragement and started licking all around her breasts with my tongue occasionally flicking over her nipples. I could hear her moans and she put her hand on my head and pulled me in tighter to her. She started to run her fingers through my hair just as I started to lightly nibble on her nipples.

"Oh fuck, that feels good," she moaned.

I continued to lick and nibble her breasts until she pulled me off and stood up over me. I had no idea what she was doing until she slit the thumbs into the waistband of her panties and did a slow striptease. Slowly she inched her thong down until her shaved pussy was exposed to view.

The sight of her pussy sent me over the edge and I pulled her down onto her back on the bed. Before she had a chance to recover my head was already between her legs taking in the sight before me. Licking a woman's pussy was a joy to me and I couldn't wait to slide my tongue over her clit and into her pussy.

I started by licking, kissing, and nibbling her inner thighs and slowly worked my way up to that musky place I like to call heaven. Looking up into her eyes I grinned as I began licking her lips up and down while I rubbed my index finger over her now soaking slit. I continued to lick her and slowly began to slide my finger into her waiting pussy. But, I was only teasing as I pulled my head away to gauge her response.

"Don't stop, please! Please lick me, lick my pussy!"

I was more than happy to oblige as I continued my assault on her pussy. Only this time I inserted two fingers and began to lick towards her clit. Finding her clit exposed from its hood, I placed my mouth over it and began to brush it with my tongue. By this time I was slamming my fingers in and out of her pussy as hard as I could.

Her moans were driving me wild and finally I felt her pussy contract as she grabbed the back of my head and forced me down hard onto her clit. Her orgasm was loud and sloppy as she came all over my fingers.

As her heart rate slowed down I worked myself back up to her face and she kissed me with again with that passion that drove me wild. Before our tongues could meet she rolled me onto my back and began licking her way down my chest and stomach until she reached my boxers, which by now were soaked in my precum as my cock strained to be released from its cage.

With a devilish grin in my direction she hooked her fingers into the waistband of my boxers and pulled them off, exposing my rock solid hard on. Without hesitation she took the tip into her mouth and gave it a quick suck. Using her hands she held my dick and in one quick motion swallowed me whole.

It was all I could do to not come right on the spot as I felt her tongue and her throat massaging my raging cock. She began to bob her head up and down and used her tongue to massage my shaft stopping occasionally to suck on the tip. After only a few minutes of this I felt that familiar tingle in my balls.

"I'm about to cum," I moaned.

She moaned with my cock deep in her throat and that was what sent me over the edge as I began to shoot my load deep into her mouth. I half expected her to gag or be pissed, but much to my pleasure she swallowed it all and seemed to be enjoying herself.

When she had finished sucking me dry and I was out of breath. She crawled up and gave me that sexy smile one more time. I kissed her long and hard, which caught her off guard as most guys wouldn't do such a thing, but I didn't care. She was beautiful to me no matter what.

To be continued...