 From here on in, the events in question are adult(ery) in nature. If you are easily offended by the horizontal boogie from the forbidden fruit, do not read. If you're a pervert like me, go on!

*

The circumstances surrounding this all-mighty hook up turned this innocent little booty call into something awkward, as these two innocent people summoned up the courage to do what their bodies wanted. Shut up, I'm innocent. Except on Monday's and Thursday's. And of course Wednesday's.

We sat on the couch watching a movie. We didn't really pay attention, instead we sat talking somewhat nervously. We knew what we wanted, but she wrestled with her strong feelings for her boyfriend, and I wrestled with my failing morals. Eventually, we could not help what seemed to come naturally between us. We flirted and teased. She had two cats keeping us company and they seemed to take shifts on our respective laps. We petted the cats on each other's laps which led to petting each other. At that point her guilt for playing around where she wasn't supposed to play faded away. 

"Uh, I'm going to go pee," she said, in like Flint, I thought, "and since I don't know what's going on in this movie, why don't I put on some music and uh... yeah..." She looked at me while playing with her shirt and smiled. Fuck Flint, in like Dirt! 

Moments later she returned and walked over to her computer smiling away. After setting up another movie on the playlist I knew music wasn't on her mind and neither was the movie. I stood up and greeted her halfway. She was so short she had to go up on her tippy toes to place our lips within kissing distance. I played with that idea while circling my arms around her luscious body. 

"Mmm, there's that grin again." She said to me, grinning back.

"I can't help it. You make me really excited."

"Uh huh, I can feel that." Yes, my cock was coming out of its slumber and getting up close and personal with her lower abdomen. Not yet big guy, I thought, this girl is getting proper Dirty treatment. We toyed with our lips with slow pecking style kisses which are my preference to gaping open mouth slobbering messes. Those are more fit while in the midst of extreme passion. 

mmhmmm...She broke our kissing and held onto my hand and guided us to her room. I lay down on the bed first on my side propped up on my elbow and beckoned for her to lay down next to me. Don't take off your clothes, I thought. She obeyed my thoughts and lay down next to me on her back smiling again. I took this moment to look at her body in appreciative detail. The hand belonging to the propping elbow placed itself behind her head, high up on her neck. The other hand explored her thighs, her stomach, her sternum and finally her cheek. 

With that I leaned in for a nice long sigh inducing kiss. The kiss too moved around her body as far as it could without disturbing our comfortable embrace too much. I kissed her earlobes, her neck. I followed her jaw line back to her lips, a peck on her nose, up to her forehead and back to her lips. Those flushing lips were like the command center in this bodily exploration, always returning for a refresher course. 

Her breathing became more demanding as I explored down her chest and abdomen over her shirt. I nibbled her nipple through her shirt and she rolled her body into mine. Her left leg came over my right which found its way into a comfortable dry humping location in her inner thigh. We were face to face again and we experienced the first open mouthed kiss of the night. 

"mmm, I like foreplay." I said, breaking the moaning sounds.

"I see that. I'm not used to it"

"Really? It's one of my favourite things. Watch, I'll show you." Again, I kissed her lips and smiled as I ventured south. I found an exposed region between the bottom of her shirt and the tops of her jeans. My tongue instinctively darted out, skimming the flesh exposed just above her denim line. I then moistened my lips and ventured north again until I was sure I covered every little inch of exposed tummy with moist attention. And then... somehow her shirt was inched up to her rib cage so naturally I had to investigate the new terrain. I found a very enjoyable location at the bottom of her sternum where I could suck on the minute excess flesh and have her rib cage hug my cheeks while I pulled her closer with my hands around her back. 

Fellas, my tip for the day is always move your hands over her body. Not like a frenzied coke head. Caress her. Hold her firmly. Tease the peach fuzz present across her body. The entire body of a woman is like an erogenous zone. Make use of that. You'll thank me later. 

"See? Kinda fun, ain't it?"

"mmhmmm..." She lay there nodding and grinning, cute as can be like a kid Christmas morning. Speaking of Christmas, it was time to unwrap the first article of clothing.

Firmly, I gripped her rib cage on both sides on the 10th and 11th rib and slowly moved the impending shirt up more exposing her smallish breasts. Out of any nipples to grace my presence, hers have been the most suckable. Shaped like a bottle nipple, these masterpieces were made for suckling, and that is what I did. With one hand now reaching behind her back, and the other hand skimming exposed side skin down to her jeans, that hand floated over the button to good will. I looked her in the eyes and with an index finger and a thumb the button came loose in an instant. 

"Oh. That was fast. hehe, usually it's a few minutes of fumbling around with it."

"Yeah, but I know what I'm doing. Pretty sure I've done this before."

"I bet. Do you think I should take off this shirt?"

"uh huh. I think it's time for that." She sat up just enough to attempt to remove her shirt but her but her glasses and pony tail kept getting in the way. We laughed at her clumsiness and kissed our troubles away when the offending garment was finally loose. My hands could not keep from wandering across the smooth plain she called her skin. 

I had to make an adjustment. All that bare skin was just too tempting for my own skin not to touch. I straddled her and removed my shirt, tossing it aside like an unwelcome guest. Now, I was free to return to my command post lips and in doing so, our bare chests introduced themselves. mmm now we're talkin', I thought. 

We kissed in slow pecking fashion again, grasping for earlobes and necks with our explorative lips. I ventured south once more, this time with a task in mind. Traveling down her tiny frame, my mouth did its thing, I had to make a brief stop at those incredibly suckable nipples and handful breasts. Her skin was so soft, so inviting, my cheeks too felt the need to nuzzle up and get properly acquainted. 

"ooohhh, I'm not use to this!" She said whimpering and shaking her head back and forth. I laughed.

"Well you better, because I could get used to watching you squirm." I went in for another kiss and a face rub of that neat place at the bottom of her sternum. "Hey, why don't we remove these pants?" 

"Okay." Words cannot express this young lady's seductive smile, so I'll just skip to the part where she pulls her pants down and they become tangled up in her socks around her ankles. Ah, such a cutie. As the jeans navigated their way down her curvaceous legs, I was right there orally investigating the new epidermal terrain. Her impeccably smooth shaven pussy was covered by a tiny little something I like to call an emotional barrier. ie: a tiny red thong. After the jeans were fully removed and out of our way I kissed and licked the bit of pubic flesh left uncovered between her thighs and that red cloth. 

"oohhhh.... I'm sooo not used to this." I lip nibbled her ample labia through the thin cotton fabric as she sighed. "My boyfriend doesn't do that!"

"Really? How long have you been seeing him"

"Six months... It's been even longer since someone has done that for me."

"hehe.. You're in for a mighty fine treat then there young lady." I pointed to the dampening panties. "That is some lip smacking goodness!" 

I resumed my oral treatment around her panties and slowly pulled them aside, revealing and suckling on more flesh as it was exposed. She could no longer talk or communicate like a reasonable human being. After torturing her for a few moments I finally began pulling that emotional barrier down to reveal that oh so smooth pussy terrain. Ahh, good ol' Canadian prairie girls. I took a good while, patiently, torturously, pulling down those panties until they were off and out of the way. 

"ohhhhh...." She grinned knowing what was coming up next, but as I said, she could no longer speak. I took focus of her womanhood, her clit hood that is and made absolutely certain I did not viciously attack it too soon. Instead, I set my attentive oral skills on that smooth bare patch where red cloth once lay, kissing and sucking it up. There's nothing quite like a smooth mound to take in your mouth, except maybe what lies below it. 

Then, the tour began. I moved down onto her vulva. She was exceptionally wet and puffy from all the excitement and I lapped up the rewards like a hungry Ethiopian. Her labium was more than what I'd been used to and just what I had been craving. More lip for me to play with, taking them into my mouth as my tongue danced the tango with her clit. Her juicy rewards never seemed to cease, but she was able to offer some kind words of encouragement. 

"Oh... oh God!... sigh.. holy hell!" I couldn't help but smile down there as I eagerly worked that clit and sucked up my just desserts. In her heightened sensitivity she felt that smile pressing up against her pussy. "hehe, I bet you're just smiling down there aren't you?" 

"Indeed."

"You have such a cute smile."

"hehe thanks.." I hiked up her legs a little more so I had more access to drive my tongue down into her pussy. She gasped a little as I did this, as I reached in as far as I could with my tongue arching back into her g-spot. My lips fluttered amongst hers and her hips bucked into me. I pulled out of her pussy and took her clit into my mouth where I boxed it with my tongue. I never took my eyes off her appreciative face but I modified my mouth movement according to her reaction. While she neared cumming I rested my tongue between my lower teeth and her clit while allowing her own bucking hips to take control. I thought she would go on all night in long lost pleasure, and really, I would not have minded in the least but it looked like she wanted to show some gratitude and share the wealth. 

Her eyes beckoned me like they wanted to tell me a secret. I took that moment as an opportunity to scoop up all the cum I could with my tongue and swollow. I licked my lips and offered an "ahh" as if I had taken a refreshing gulp of water after a 5k run. 

"I'm sooo wet."

"uh huh, my face is too."

"I bet.."

I reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans as I meandered back up to her face attempting to clean mine. She was talking about how good I had made her feel and how foreplay in her sexual history usually meant offering a blow job and hopping right to it and... 

"oooohh!!" Mutually.

My patient rock hard cock found its way to her extremely slick and inviting pussy. I had managed to squeeze all the way in, balls to the wall, in one motion leading her to share her foreplay stories for later. Slow full length strokes were in order to get us both accustomed to slippery glides and unheard of pleasure. I pulled all the way out, teased her pussy lips and sank right back in to the hilt. Breathing was measured, as if unsure where the next bit of air would come from. Soon we were fucking with more assuredness. More intent. 

I brought her legs up high over my shoulders giving me even deeper access but after the tongue lashing, she could not take this treatment for long. Ok, I thought, we're going to have a few collisions with our pelvises, and fortunately your clit will cushion the blow. I fucked her hard, I fucked her well. We began sweating and being vocal about our current predicament. 

"I'm trying to be quiet here, but it's not working out." She said. I suddenly became aware of the bed squeaks, the moaning, the animalistic breathing.

"Oh why bother?" I smiled at her.

"There's that smile again."

"You couldn't wipe this smile off my face with a two by four."

"My boyfriend walks in right now, that just might happen."

"Well, let's make the most of this then shall we?" And how! Our bodies were covered in a thin film of sweat. I drop dripped off my nose onto her cheek and she giggled.

"You're sweating on me!"

"Ah, well let's remedy that." I Leaned back and rested upon my knees while still penetrating her. I brought her legs up with me and tucked them close together, her feet nuzzled themselves in my chest. We peaked at each other around her kneecaps, smiling, always sure to keep one another in each other's sites. Then I spread her legs again and gazed upon her sweat glazed body. A slight shine accentuated her cute girly curves and drew attention to those suckable nipples. Tempting, I thought, no point in resisting temptation now. 

I reached behind her back and pulled her up close to me so I could take another nibble of nipple followed by a passionate kiss. 

"It's time for you to go on top."

"Oh really," she said, eye brows raised, "this should be interesting."

"That's exactly what I'm hoping for." I kissed her again before we practiced our gymnastics skills in rolling over without losing our bond.

"Ohh.. I have no rhythm." She whined and immediately disproved that proclamation rocking her hips like a pro in it for more than a check. I assisted her slightly offering a firm bumper for her hard rocking motion. She was becoming so wet at this point the juice's noise was almost distracting. Or perhaps they were..

"I'm so wet, I'm surprised you feel anything."

"Oh my, you have no idea." She rocked slowly back to the hilt. I grunted and held her ass closer to me, penetrating her deeper until rubbing her cervix with my cock head. "mmm, I feel just fine thank you." For a moment she lost composure and looked me deep in the eye like a hunting tigress.

"oooo... I wasn't expecting that."

"What, this?" I pushed in deep, rubbing that cervix again. She moaned loudly and began riding like a bareback champ. I could only lay there, unlike a prized stallion, and watch her in all her pleasurable glory. She rode hard and deep enough, that on one outward thrust I popped out of her. My cock, soaked, lay on the outside of her slick pussy lips sliding around for a moment or two while she collected her self.

"Tell me you felt that one."

"Oh yeah." Smiling away at my prized booty call.

"I think I should clean some of this off." Referring to the immense excess cum still dripping onto my heavily lubed cock. I nodded with pride and lust in my eyes.

"mmm, wait." I beckoned her to kiss me. We settled into a comfortable embrace, kissing, my cock found its temporary home again. The passionate open mouth kiss lasted only a moment but it was enough to ensure she did indeed require some cleaning off.

"We need to reposition you." I uneasily slipped out of her. She took that as an opportunity to find a towel.

"Oh? And how do you want me?" Obedience, I thought, good girl. She toweled off her groin as seductively as one could do such a thing.

"C'mere lil' doggie." 

"You want me in doggie? My fave. Just how it should be done." Indeed. One thing I like about fucking this girl doggie style is that she turns her head back to see as much as she can of me thrusting into her. My voyeur, my tease, my shy exhibitionist. 

We took turns doing the work in this position, and we shared responsibility. I began fucking her hard and fast for quite some time. My hands still unable to keep themselves from wandering, deeply massaged her back and butt cheeks. The bed creaked. She screamed naughty bits. I moaned. I fucked her hard. I fucked long enough my thighs were burning, my back was screaming from pulling back on her hips like it was to save my life. And sweat pored off our bodies. Then, I slowed down once again as I felt her pussy may have had enough. It's a kind of tender feeling, her pussy was on fire with heat.

"I think you've had enough."

"I had enough long ago. I mean, wow, I've had a great time with you but... do girls ever make you cum, or do you do that on your own?"

"Haha! It's not all about cumming my dear." For me, it's about gleaning the most mutual pleasure out of every sexual experience I have. I'm not sure what started that, but it's been that way since losing my virginity. Someday, I'll figure out this 'quickie' thing, but for now, this is way too much fun. "I don't have to fuck for hours every time. I can't take breaks, whenever you need one. Cumming is not a big deal to me." But for her, I sensed perhaps getting her guys off was a big enough deal. All too common, this line of thinking.

She raised herself so her back rested on my chest and she looked back for a round the shoulder kiss. My hands grasped her hips and firmly rubbed up her body to her breasts. One hand continued on to caress her face into our kiss. She looked me in the eye and smiled that piece of seduction once again. Then she rested down on her elbows again.

I took that as a queue to finish my business. The boyfriend would be calling soon anyway. My hands started at her shoulder blades and massaged their way down into a firm grip, fists full of booty flesh and I fucked her like there was no tomorrow. Fuck it, let the neighbours hear it. Let the world hear it. I grunted to her moans as sweat blinded me. I beat into her flushed puffy pussy so hard she was screaming the usual religious sentiments. I was close to cumming finally when she actually cheered me on, which briefly threw me off.

"Go baby go!"

I smile struck my face yet again but her squeezing quivering pussy gripped me in such a way my eyes closed and all I could focus on was the pleasure I was feeling sliding through her soft walls. And then it came. I pulled out in time to see white fluid pour out of my cock like lava at a volcano onto her once clean comforter as I stroked myself to completion. That was the first pulse, containing so much cum that it was a slow release complete with some type of audio noise escaping my lips. And then the second flowed almost as much as the first. And finally the last three or four or who knows how many orgasmic pulses my cum shot out as it normally does striking her butt cheeks. Hearing now returning to me, feeling returning to my pained and burning thighs, realization my vision was in fact obstructed by far too much sweat for a man my size... This is why I don't want to cum every time. I like building a savings account.

The bed was as soaked and beaten as we were. Post coital cuddling was left until after her shower and me drying off by other means. We sat once again on her couch in an afterglow cuddling. She called her boyfriend and found he was on his way soon, and we laughed at her dark side opening up to Lord Dirt while she talked lovingly to her unwitting significant other. The force is weak with that boy.

But alas, I had to sneak out the backdoor after some nipple suckling and tummy facial cuddling, humming the Door's Backdoor Man. Just in time too, she got the call to meet her man at the front door just after I left.