 "So, any of it true?""Maybe, maybe not."

**********

I was lit. Lit up. The phrase fit because the day was bright as shit. Brighter than real. Because that's how it is when you're just left of drunk during daylight. The world just seems brighter. 

Golf, beer, more golf, more beer and now here I am. A healthy buzz during the heart of the afternoon and nothing to do. I grabbed a cold one from the fridge, walked into the bathroom, turned on the water and let it get hot. I stripped off my clothes, cracked the beer and took a swig. 

I stepped into the shower and for only the umteenth time in the past hour my mind turned to sex and suddenly I was thinking booty call. Because that's how you think when you're three-quarters lit during the day. I soaped up, washed the sweat off, let the blow-up holes and the lost bucks fade away, paid special attention to my junk, and thought about sex. Easy sex. Sex without drama, sex without strings. Booty call sex. I showered and reviewed the candidates. Ran down my booty call list.

There was Kim. If anybody wears kinky boots it's a safe bet they got them from Kim. That girl was always wet, wild and willing. One time out of many I knocked on her door well after midnight and she took me in with open arms and legs. A few minutes after crossing the threshold she was lying on her stomach and I was balls deep in that sweet black ass. 

On a down stroke her phone rings and at the end of her moan she picks it up and says hello. I freeze. I can't hear the other end, but Kim says, "No Reggie, you didn't wake me up." It's the guy she told me about, the one she's talking marriage with. "No, I'm not watching TV, either. I've got a big white cock in my ass, baby. Yeah, him. He's got a long, thick white cock and he's fucking my ass so good." 

I'm stunned, but being a good sport I regroup, resume proceedings and stick my hand underneath Kim for a reach around. She says into the phone, "Oooh, he's rubbing my clit now, baby. He's rubbing my clit and fucking my ass and he's gonna make me come!" 

Kim lets the phone drop onto the bed and grunts with my thrusts. She grunts and groans and tells me to fuck her ass harder and how I fill her up and that it feels so good and my fingers are rubbing her pussy and I'm fucking her harder and she screams and comes and grunts a deep moan and then goes limp.

I pick up the phone and say, "Sweet dreams, Reggie," and hang up. Kim. Damn. But she's out because she's an ER nurse and works the three to eleven shift. 

Brenda? Brenda is the breathtakingly beautiful wife of a co-worker. I met her at an office party held at their place. The party was in full swing. Coolers and platters of finger food were scattered around a couple of rooms at the front of the house. I had gone back to the kitchen for something and stumbled across Brenda tending to small matters there. The lights were low. We were facing each other, leaning against the counter and talking. 

She was sad and lonely and starving and desperate and let me slip my hand into the folds of her wraparound dress, down her panties and finger fuck her to an orgasm in her dimly lit kitchen while music and laughter floated back to us from the front of the house. She looked me in the eyes as she held my hand and licked my fingers. 

Brenda was up for the call when she could and she and I had some good times for awhile. We even had a threesome with another woman towards the end. She broke it off shortly after that saying she and her husband needed to work on the marriage. Fuck him. He was an asshole and always would be. But it was Saturday and if they were still together then that's that. 

Robin. The secretary where I used to work. The office gang went out one night to hear some music and we said our goodbyes in the parking lot afterward. The others had left and it was just Robin and me. I looked her over. Robin was big-boned, as they say. Plus sized, but not plump. I looked her over, up and down and said, "You're coming with me." 

She looked back at me through her retro, oversized glasses and simply said, "Okay." So I took her home and fucked her. First time I ever saw inverted nipples and they were awesome.

The next day she wanted to go out for drinks after work and talk. Turns out that Robin was engaged to be married to her childhood sweetheart, but wouldn't mind getting together with me some more. She'd led a sheltered life and had only been with her fiancé a few times. In so many words Robin conveyed to me she wanted to get a bit more of the big wide world under her belt before she locked down her pussy in the name of marriage and family. 

On a whim I told her if she really wanted me to fuck her then she had to go to the bathroom, take off all her underclothes, everything, and come back to the table. I could see her full breasts sway and her ass jiggle under her rayon dress as she returned to the table in front of all those people who couldn't care less. We had a couple of more drinks and I enjoyed her shimmy and shake under that thin covering. The constant blush on her face was endearing. Finally, I smiled, took her hand and said, "Come with me."

Over the course of the next few weeks I taught her a few things. I taught her how to take a face-fuck like a pro. I taught her how to beg for and earn a pearl necklace. I taught her how to give a blowjob that would keep her husband-to-be home on Saturday night. I taught her how to love taking thick cock deep in her ass so if her husband ever got around to it or when she hinted and made it happen she could relax and enjoy the ride. I taught her how to kneel and to look up and open her mouth like a baby bird to receive a man's cum. I taught her how to snap her hips just so just then to make her husband blow his mind and fall in love all over again. Robin was a quick learner and eager student and all-in-all smoking hot in the sack. 

After Robin returned to work from her honeymoon in Jamaica I passed her desk. She said, "Hey, Mark," raised her hand, wiggled her ring finger and winked. I laughed and blew her a kiss. Hell of a gal, but she's married so she's off the list. I couldn't help but think of her, though. 

Carrie! Of course! She even lived in the same apartment complex as me. Must be the buzz why I hadn't though of Carrie first. She'd recently moved in and we'd talked a couple of times in the parking lot, but neither of had pushed anything yet. 

Just before school let out our senior year of high school we took lifeguard lessons together. Carrie was a skinny little colt in a bikini. During breaks, while the others were goofing around in the deep end Carrie and I sat on the steps in the shallow end and talked. She'd lean back on me and make teasing comments about me being comfortable and did I need to adjust anything. And we'd touch, too. She had a boyfriend, but those were my fingers under her bathing suit deep in her pussy in the shallow end of the pool.

For some reason or other we never got the chance to be together after the lessons, but a year after college I was bartending to supplement my full-time job and in walks Carrie. She spots me, sits down at the bar and we chat and flirt and set up a dinner date before she went on to have dinner with a girlfriend. 

A few nights later Carrie and I ate at a popular, inexpensive restaurant. She sat on a bench and I took the chair. Neon signs and musical instruments covered the walls. The tables were close together, not even three feet apart. To my left were two women in their thirties, it looked like, drinking margaritas and eating salads. On my right were two college students, frat guys from my read, drinking beer and eating burgers. 

Small talk throughout, but near the end of the meal Carrie starts talking about friends and lovers. Carrie looked me in the eyes and told me how she believed that a friend could be a lover and a lover could be a friend. How you didn't have to be boyfriend and girlfriend, didn't have to be committed to each other, but could just be friends. And lovers. I called for the check. 

On my left, the woman sitting on the bench looked at me with an arched eyebrow and a hint of an approving smile, the woman in the chair wore slightly pursed lips and the whiff of disapproval. The frat boys' jaws were simply hanging open listening to this beautiful blonde tell me in so many words that she wanted to fuck me. I gave the ladies and gents a courteous smile and a humble shrug as we left. 

Moments after entering the townhouse Carrie lived in, with her boyfriend, who was away on business she said, I learned firsthand that she never wore panties and then we were fucking on a big leather couch in front of a big bay window. No curtains and a clear view to the show if anyone happened to glance our way. Amazing. Carrie and I called each other to hookup a few more times and we had our fun, but life happens and we drifted.

Carrie was perfect. She was lovely, creative, loved sex, and wasn't shy. She fucked a lot of guys is my guess, but I never put her in the slut category. She didn't have Daddy issues, had never been abused, had good self-esteem and wasn't desperate to please and didn't crave approval. I figured she was simply a sexual being, embraced her sexuality and fucked her way through life like a lot of guys try to do. 

I finished my shower, killed the beer, got groomed and got dressed. I walked outside. The world was still too fucking bright and since I forgot my sunglasses I squinted during the walk to Carrie's apartment. Her car was there so I crossed my fingers for luck. I climbed the stairs, knocked on her door and she opened it. 

"Hi Carrie." I gave her my lady-killer smile. I figured she couldn't resist the wattage and would be flat on her back in no time. 

"Hey, Mark! What's up."

"Nothing. I'm at loose ends. Thought I'd stop by for a visit if you're not doing anything." I smiled. 

"Yeah. Come on in." She giggled and said, "You're drunk!" as I passed her.

"A little. Played golf today." She hadn't disrobed, yet. I thought I might have to try a different approach.

"What the hell. May as well get me a beer. Want one?"

"Sure," I said. Carrie had put on a little weight, which on her skinny body only served to make her even more attractive. She glanced at me before turning into the kitchen and caught me looking at her ass. She wagged a finger at me and smiled. I shrugged and smiled back. 

I sat in a chair. Carrie leaned back at one end of her oversized couch. We chatted about this and that and who and what and where. She had on athletic shorts and a skimpy bathing suit top. I watched her cross and uncross her legs and fiddle with her hair. Her nipples were hard. She was gorgeous. Alluring. Enticing. 

Though at one point I must have zoned out because when I tuned back in she was talking about some drummer she met at a club show. Her voice changed and there was a brittle edge to it. She started talking about how this drummer invited her back stage. She went on that she was hot for him and wanted to do him. That when he finally got her alone they couldn't get out of their clothes fast enough. She couldn't wait to suck his dick. She went on and on in a graphic sort of way. 

I didn't know if she thought it would turn me on or if she was annoyed I was taking so long to make a move or if she was trying to get me to leave. But as she went on about this guy an idea formed. Half-baked though it was, I got the ball rolling.

"How you feeling, Carrie?"

She stopped talking, looked at me, cocked her head to one side and said, "What do you mean?"

"You're telling me about some guy and you getting it on, having sex, fucking. Are you getting turned on?"

"What! Are you kidding?"

"Not at all. Check yourself. Tell me. Are you even the slightest bit turned on? Telling me that stuff? Telling me about you sucking and fucking some guy?"

A small upturn at the corners of her mouth. She tucked her hair behind an ear. Slowly, she nodded. 

"Are you slick? Are you wetter than before you started telling me about sucking and fucking your drummer?"

Nothing. Then a slight nod. I slid out of my sandals, off the chair onto the floor and started crawling toward her. The idea coalesced and I went with it. 

"We just got married. We're newlyweds, Carrie. My name is Charles. I'm your new husband." I crawled on my hands and knees. Her eyes widened.

"And it stings. It hurts, darling, but I need to know. I don't want to know, but I need to know. About your lovers." I caressed her small foot. I kissed her toes. Licked them, took them into my mouth. Looked up at her. Her eyes still wide, but she was grinning.

"It hurts some, sure. But your past is what made you you. Who I fell in love with. Who I married. Without knowing. That you fucked all those men. But now I do. So I need to know. Don't I."

I kissed and licked my way up her golden legs, kissed the inside of her slender thigh, up and up and up and mouthed and bit her through the cloth. She gasped. 

I put my fingers in the waistband of her shorts. Carrie did that move that women do and I pulled them down her toned legs then off. She reached down and caressed my head and got into the role.

"Yes, dear. I don't want to hurt you, but you found out and now I have to tell you so you'll know the real me." She pulled my mouth to her and said, "Lick me, darling, and I'll tell you." I licked and nibbled. 

"I'll tell you about the men, darling. And I'll teach you. I'll teach you how to eat my pussy as good as Danny used to. I'm not saying it to be mean, but he ate me so good, honey. He liked me completely smooth down there. Do you? He loved to eat my pussy for hours. Put your gums over your teeth and chew on my lips. Danny was the first man to do that to me and I love it. Oooh, yes, Charles, like that. That's almost as good as Danny."

I nibbled on her lips, slipped my tongue up, down, worked it as far into her as I could and she said, "That's good, baby. Did I tell you? Danny had a really long tongue. And it was rough. Danny made me come and come and come with his tongue." 

I worked my way to her clit, licked, sucked and nibbled it. I worked two fingers inside of her and bent them and stroked her. 

"I don't ever want to hurt your feelings, darling. And I know it's hard to hear about other men I've fucked. All those cocks I've had in my mouth. But I wouldn't be me if I'd never swallowed all that cum. I wouldn't be the woman you love if I hadn't fucked all those cocks, would I." I groaned for her.

Carrie pushed my head down, lifted a leg and angled her hips up. I licked down and around and finally on her hole. "Oooh, yes, right there, honey. Lick me there, try to stick you tongue in if you can. Like that. DeShawn used to lick me down there all the time. I'll tell you all about DeShawn licking and fucking my ass if you want me to." 

She grabbed my hair with both hands, pulled me back up to her pussy, spread her legs even wider and I worked her over gently, roughly. I licked and sucked and thrummed and strummed and ran my fingers in and out and pressed that special place inside of her. 

When she spoke her voice was thick. "Yes, darling, make me come. Make me come with your fingers and your mouth. Like Danny and Glenn and DeShawn and all those other men did." I moaned. I worked her with my mouth and fingers and she grabbed my hair and ground my face against her pussy and moaned and groaned and squealed and clenched and came hard.

As her breathing slowed I pulled off my shirt and took off my shorts and underwear. I kissed my way up her flat stomach, pushed off her top and tenderly bit her nipples, first on then the other. I cupped her breasts and said, "I never thought about it until I found those pictures. And it was much more than a shock. I'd assumed you just had a few partners, like me. I never thought to ask before I saw those pictures. So how many, dear? How many men have you had sex with?" I caressed her breasts and bit and pinched her nipples.

Still into it she said, "Oh, honey. Does it really matter how many men I fucked before I met you? I don't want to hurt you, and I don't want to be mean, but I guess you should know if you want to know who I really am. And if our marriage is to be the most intimate relationship of our lives you really should know how many men fucked me before you ever did." 

Carrie caressed my hair as I fondled her breasts and chewed her nipples and fingered her pussy and stroked her clit with my thumb.

"All I can tell you is that I really quit trying to keep track after about seventy-five or so. But it's a whole lot more than that, honey." I groaned. "I never want to hurt you, but taking all those cocks in my holes made me who I am, who you love. And you do love all my tricks, don't you. I wouldn't know them if I hadn't fucked all those men before I met you. So, really, you should be glad I fucked all those men and took their cocks in my holes. It's kind of funny if you think about it, that you should actually be thankful I fucked so many men."

I moved up and kissed her, our tongues swirled, desperate and vibrant. She licked some moisture from my face and said, "Mmm. I love to suck a man's cock after it's been in my pussy. Did you know that about me? I love your hands on my breasts, darling. I love you biting my nipples. You spent a lot of time there. You make them feel almost as good as Larry did. I'm not saying it to be mean, but he was a better breast man than you are, for now, anyway." 

Carrie kissed me and said, "It's time. Your new bride wants her new husband's cock now. Will you put you're big cock in my tight little cunt and fuck me good? Please, Charles?"

"Yes, dear, I'll fuck your cunt. I'll fuck you real good," I said. Carrie spread her legs wide and I entered her in one long, smooth stroke. I was all the way in and we kissed. She was so tight, so wet. 

I moved my hips slowly and ran my cock in and out of her pussy, took awhile to pick up speed then slammed into her. Carrie's eyes were half closed and she was whispering, "Yes, yes, yes," as my hips slapped hers. 

I pulled out, flipped her onto her stomach and had her put one knee on the floor. Her pussy was pressed against the edge of the cushion. I adjusted her leg on the couch, rubbed my cock up and down her before sliding slowly in. I moved her back and forth on me, on the edge of the cushion, and I heard her say, "Oh shit, oh god." 

Slowly, over time, I started fucking her harder. I grabbed her hair and she said, "Yes." I pulled her hair, not enough to hurt, but raised her head and pulled it back. I punched into her. Slowly out, fast and hard as I could back into her. Heard her say, "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck," to each thrust. 

I spit on her ass. I held her hair, fucked her and slowly worked my thumb into her bottom and she moaned. I buried my thumb deep in her ass and twirled it around as I could. I used my palm to press her harder against the edge of the cushion while I fucked her and pulled her hair. I was fucking and twirling and pulling and Carrie was moaning and mumbling, "Oh my god, oh my god. Yes. Fuck me. Fuck me. Yes. I'm almost there. Oh god. Oh god. I'm gonna come. I'm gonna come."

Moments before she did I stopped and withdrew. She whined, "No, no, please?" as I put her on her back, entered her and held my pelvis flush against hers. I caressed her breasts and didn't move. I let her settle a bit and suck my fingers then I pinched her nipples and ground against her, sideways, around. 

She caught up with herself, said in a breathless voice, "Oh my god. That's real good, darling. So good. It reminds me of Mark, the best lover I ever had. Oh, you're pretty good, dear, but Mark was my best lover ever and he used to fuck me so good. He used to fuck me so long and so hard. Mark used to fuck me so good and long and hard until I was just a puddle of cum." I smiled. 
