 "Hello?" She said, with that soft voice of hers. Answering her phone after just a couple of signals.

"Hi..." I said, hoping I had caught her at just the right time. "I was wondering if you were doing something special tonight or?"

"Or what?"

"Or if you might feel like coming over here perhaps?..." In my mind's eye I could already see her, a beautiful brunette of perfect proportions with a sweet smile and deep brown eyes that were the perfect places to drown in, before and after...

"Aha, to do what exactly?" I could hear on her voice that she was teasing me.

"Well, I thought we could... enjoy ourselves a little?..."

"Doing what precisely?"

"Succumbing to passion, I thought." Getting a bit frustrated I decided to take the direct route.

"Oh, so that's what you're planning eh?" She said, almost chuckling.

"Well, I was kind of hoping..."

"And you need me for that?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"What?"

"You know."

"That I need you?"

"Yes."

"I need you."

"Go on."

"I want you."

"Keep going..."

"I need you, I want you... I..." I just had to say it. "I yearn for you, burning. I want to feel your body next to mine, your skin. I want to touch you, caress you. I need you, now..." I was feeling so intensively horny it was taking all my concentration and effort to avoid starting to hump the sofa. Again. Feeling like a hungry dog that just wants to rub his genitals up against everything in sight.

"Now you're talking... That actually sounds rather nice..." I could hear her smiling, her voice had suddenly gotten deeper, hornier.

"So you'll come?" I felt my mood rising by leaps and bounds.

"Sure. Want me to bring anything?"

"Nope, just come as soon as possible. Please."

"Sure, just don't go off before I come."

"I won't..."

"Bye."

"Bye." I hung up feeling horny and happy, looking forward to seeing her, touching and tasting her. Every second that I had to wait for her was an eternity of torment. I just couldn't sit still.

The doorbell rang and I almost ran to open the door. There she was, smiling at me. I kissed her before even thinking about the fact that for someone that was coming from home she had on quite a bit of make-up. Eagerly helping her off with her coat I noticed that she had a dress on under it.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know I pulled you away from something." I said.

"I was just out with the girls. Besides, you're going to make it up to me, aren't you?"

"Oh yes."

"And if you don't, I'll make you." She said, grinning widely before pulling me into another kiss. Deeply kissing and pulling each other close until there was hardly a centilitre of air between our bodies. Holding each other and never wanting to let go. Our hands starting to wander. Hers down my back and then all of a sudden in under my pants and onto my bottom. God how I've longed for that feeling of her fingers and hands on my skin. Letting my hands slide down over her wonderful bum. Finding the edge of her dress and lifting it. She's wrapping her legs around me, squeezing herself tighter against me like she's riding my leg for lack of something better. Exploring under her dress I'm surprised more by what I don't find than what I do find.

"So, no panties aye?" I ask with a wide smile on my face, taking a break from our intimate kisses.

"I took them off mere moments after deciding to come see you." She says, winking at me with a big and naughty smile. With my hands fondling and groping her lovely tush I descend upon her neck, kissing it allover. The small sighs she lets out are music to my ears. The more I kiss the harder she grips my bottom, holding me firmly against her.

We stumble into the bedroom and now I simply have to help her out of that dress. Seeing her standing before me completely naked makes my jaw drop and my knees weak. She smiles at her impact and pushes me down on the bed, down on my back, crawling up over me. Lying there under her my rowing hands simply must taste all of her delights, wandering allover her perfect form. She unbuttons my shirt hastily and soon it's lying on the floor somewhere. Crawling down she pulls the belt out of my pants before freeing me of my pants all together. She stands smiling at me for a moment while I lay there in just my underwear. She truly is a magnificent woman and my boxers look more like a very small pitched tent than just underpants. Straining from the pressure of that part of me which wants to go out and play.

She plays with it. Gripping it through the fabric and pulling it this way and that, not so forcefully that it hurts but enough that it almost feels like I'm about to come inside my pants. Taking her arms I gently pull her up over me and into a kiss. Living and dying on her wondrous lips. Holding her close to me so that my skin will feel hers. Nipples meeting, my chest against her breasts. The more we kiss the more we grind our groins together. Simulating the sex we're just a piece of fabric away from having.

I turn her over on her back and she giggles, I just have to kiss that smile before I start my way down her body. Her many curves so enchanting it's easy to get lost. With her hands on my back and neck I kiss her bosom, some old instinct from my toddler-days making me want to kiss and lick her nipples, her breasts. Sucking gently on her exquisite hardened nipples. God how I want her. Squeezing her breasts together a little and burying my face in her bosom.

Kissing my way further down I lift her legs apart so that as I kiss and caress my way down over her tummy I can just continue out along her right leg. I could spend a lifetime worshipping just her legs. Kissing my way from the hip all the way out to the upper side of her foot. Tickling her just a little to tease her. Going back in along her left leg. Pausing I lift both of her legs up so I can kiss the calves better, the pits opposite the knees. Reaching her inner thighs with my lips as my hands caress all the way up to her hip. As my lips finally reach her bush and I gaze up at her face from my position between her legs I wonder for a second what she'ld say if I asked her to marry me. Playing with my fingers in her well-groomed bush I decide she'ld probably consider it blackmail of me to ask her now. Kissing her labia, the outer gates to her divine paradise which have already swelled and opened up for me. Tasting her I can't help but to groan with pleasure. I've been thinking and fantasising about her all day. About kissing her, caressing her, licking her and...

The more I taste and the more adventurous I let my tongue become the more she moans. Taking a firm grip on my hair, putting her legs up on my shoulders as if to keep me where I am indefinitely. making me do my job... if this was my job I'ld awaken with a smile every morning, eager to get to work as soon as possible. I'ld probably become quite the workaholic. But then in some respects I already am addicted to her. Her breathing is getting heavy, each breath filled with lust. She suddenly pulls me up by my hair, up into a deep kiss. Her hands soon travelling down to push down my underwear. I quickly start helping her. Before long I'm on my back and she proceeds to pull my underwear clean off.

She runs her hands allover my chest, crawling back up over me. Looking down at her prey with a victorious gleam in her eyes. The she takes a hold of me, sliding my staff against the wet lips of her eager and openly willing cunt. Teasing me beyond what I feel I can endure.

"Please..." I beg.

"What?.." She asks, her voice damp and dark with desire.

"Take me..." She smiles at first, but even she can't put it off any longer and soon I feel myself sliding into her. The sweetest surrender I've ever made. She sinks down until she's engulfed all of me, sighing deeply as she takes me in. Slowly she starts to ride me, with what little control I have I slide my hands up to her bosom. Holding onto her wonderful beautiful breasts. The second she starts leaning forwards to kiss me I start helping her, pulling her down and myself up until our lips touch and our minds explode. Holding her tight as out tongues entwine. Grinding our groins against one another, round and round and up and down. Boiling over together.

Picking up the pace just a little, grinding while holding close. Quickening our pace without letting our skins drift apart. My pelvis working to thrust up into her, hers banging down on mine. She's holding onto my head and my arms hold down her back. Both of us holding on hard to one another. Like we're afraid that we'll slip apart, winding up across the room from one another perhaps, if we don't hold on tight. She breaks up the kiss and before I know what she's doing her lips are on my neck, kissing hard and nibbling lightly. She rises and with my hands on her hips we go at it harder and harder, making the bed shake. This is desire without patience, lust without restraints.

She's coming closer and closer, I can feel it. Feel her pulsating around my member as each stroke, each thrust, brings her closer to ecstasy. Pretty soon she's shaking on top of me, shivering first and then loosing more and more control. As she starts getting trouble staying upright I help her down on her back so that I kneel by the side of the bed, her body spread out before me. I can't pace myself. Instead I just thrust faster and faster, licking a few fingers to help her move quickly into her heaven as I'm closing in on mine. Feeling the oh so familiar signals travelling all along my spine. Making my muscles contract every here and there as my body prepares for the big event. I'm shivering, shaking myself to pieces, when she comes. Moaning loudly I can feel her body squeezing my member as each wave floods her nerve system. I keep up my pace, in fact I even increase it. Getting more and more desperate to reach it and feeling as if my body won't let me quit. Thrusting as if obsessed, which I am in a way, obsessed with coming. Working harder and harder until I can feel the edge approaching, and then I just snap. My system thrown into chaos as it all comes flooding out of me. Different parts of my body freezing up or going limp. Pulsating as I pump it all out. Collapsing on top of my lover as we're both basking exhausted in the sweet afterglow of our pleasure, of our ecstasy. Kissing lightly as we lie there panting.

"You know you can stay here as long as you want." I tell her, hoping that she'll accept the offer rather than sneaking away in the night.

"We'll, since I only come here for sex that means that you'll have to continue to offer me sex as long as I'm here." She answers with a wide grin.

"It's a deal." I say, smiling, before kissing her deeply. We lie there resting for some time yet, before heading to the shower and then continuing the evening...