 This story happened in March. Recently single, I had been trolling the dating apps for a few weeks but didn't arrange to meet up with anyone until I matched with Bryan, a first-year surgery resident working at children's hospital. With his 80hr per week schedule, he said he didn't have time to meet for drinks so we agreed to meet in his on-call room on Friday night. When I arrived the receptionist asked me to check in. I froze, not sure what to say, but managed to mumble, "Uh, I'm here to see a doctor." "Oh! You're good then," she said, a little surprised, waving me in. 

He finds me in the waiting area and we make awkward introductions before heading up to his on-call room. At 6'4" he towers over my 5'5", 125lb frame and I'm nearly running to keep up with him as he takes us through a convoluted route of stairways to get to his room. Scrubs hang low on his hips and I catch a glimpse of the outline of his cock through them as we're walking. It's fucking huge, even for his size, and my mouth parts a little in awe. He catches me looking and smirks at my reaction. My heart starts racing and I can feel my panties getting wet already. 

We enter his on-call room, the third of eight lining a narrow hallway. It's no bigger than a dorm room with a bathroom and single bed pushed against the wall. He gives me the tour and I remark sarcastically about how luxurious it is. "If you want luxury, you should see the attending's room. He's got a TV and everything," he replies, propping his laptop on a chair and putting on an episode of the office before falling onto the tiny bed. I nestle myself between him and the wall and we chat for a few minutes about how burnt out he was and how sick of grad school I am. 

Before we even get to the opening credits he turns toward me and grabs a fistful of my hair, holding on tightly and arching my neck back while he kisses me, hard. His other hand snakes up the inside of my shirt, feeling me up and pinching a nipple with more force than I expected. I yelp and arch my back, pressing into him. He uses the opportunity to undo my bra with the hand not wrapped in my hair before maneuvering me under him. Kneeling over me, he takes off his shirt and then mine. 

He's on top of me, sucking and biting my tits when his phone rings. He answers it without even looking up, my nipple still in his mouth. I'm sure the nurse on the other end can hear his sucking noises and I freeze, mortified. He keeps sucking and biting, unfazed by my reaction. After a few exchanges he hangs up and it occurs to me he was being louder on purpose so she could hear him. "Sorry, ED pisses me off," he offers before going back to sucking my tits with his full attention. 

I'm squirming under him when he abruptly stops and stands up. He pulls the drawstring to his scrubs and my mouth falls completely open. Even only partially hard it's still the biggest cock I've ever seen in person. At least eight inches and with enough girth that I know it's going to stretch me, especially considering my recent dry spell. He smirks again while my mouth gapes open before ordering me to get on my knees and suck him. I clamber off the bed and obediently start bobbing my head on his cock, barely getting half of it in my mouth before I start choking. He weaves his fingers through my hair again and tightens his grip, holding my head down firmly until I feel him push into my throat, making me gag again. He guides me up and down on his cock like this a few times, until the spit from my gagging coats his entire cock and starts dribbling down my mouth and onto my tits. With his other hand he tilts my chin up to look at him, his cock still buried in my throat, and I choke once more, teary-eyed but still maintaining eye contact. "Good girl," he says before pulling out of my throat and letting me gasp for air.

Grabbing me by the arm he pulls me up off my knees and throws me back on the bed. He stands over me for a moment, visually devouring my half-naked body with hunger in his eyes before stripping off my yoga pants and socks. Climbing on top of me, he slips two fingers into my panties. Between the size of his cock and the sloppy blowjob I just gave him, they're completely soaked. He lets out a deep growl upon feeling how wet I am and pushes both fingers all the way inside me. I gasp at the sudden intrusion but just as quickly he pulls them back out. Coated with my juices, he brings his fingers to my lips, parting them and making me taste myself. 

"Are you going to be a good slut for me and take all of my cock?" he whispers in my ear, his voice now an octave lower. By now he was rubbing his cock up and down the length of my slit, pausing occasionally to push the head in and out slightly. "Ye-es, I'll be a good slut for you," I stammered back, overwhelmed with nervous arousal at the thought of being fucked ruthlessly by such a thick cock.

Just when I thought he was about to split me open, he slips an arm around my waist, holding me against him and flipping us both over so he was on bottom and I was straddling him. Holding my hips, he tells me to lower myself onto him and I do, like a good slut. I'm able to take four inches before I feel the thickest part of his cock stretching me open wider than I've ever felt before and I let out a squeal of pain and pleasure. 

"Fuck, you're tight," he hisses between his teeth. Even though I'm on top he's clearly the one in control. He tightens his hold on my hips and tilts them forward, keeping me firmly in place while he pushes deeper inside me. I bite my lip to keep from whimpering too loudly but as he quickens his pace it becomes harder to contain myself. He reaches up to put two fingers in my mouth in an attempt to stifle any more noise from escaping my lips. I bite down onto them and grab onto his forearm with both hands, bracing myself as he plows deeper into me with every stroke. 

He gets another call and I'm reminded how deeply he fills me up as I feel him shift to reach for his phone beneath me. This one must be more important because he throws me off and sits up to answer it. I gasp at the gaping feeling of him suddenly pulling out and collapse on the bed shaking. He reaches for his laptop and I watch as Jim Halpert is replaced by X-ray images of a woman's abdomen with some small object lodged inside. He squints at the picture, trying to decide where in her intestinal tract it's residing. I regret eavesdropping on the conversation after learning the object is a Gillette razor blade. Guh. How does anyone accidentally swallow that?

He hangs up and tells me he has to go. I stand up to get dressed but he pushes me back down on the bed. "It can wait until after I fuck you one more time," he says, smirking down at me. A wave of pleasure washes over me and I feel myself getting wetter at the thought of getting drilled by his massive cock again. 

This time he throws my legs over his shoulders and lays on top of me so I'm nearly folded in half, his face an inch away from mine. He holds my legs down around my face with his forearms, keeping me firmly in place, while he pushes my bangs out of my face to get a better view of my reaction. Before I can register why, he pumps the entire length of his huge cock into me, and an involuntary scream escapes my lips. He clamps his other hand over my mouth in record time and starts plowing into me at full speed, over and over. I'm completely immobilized, with no option but to take the full length of his cock as he stretches me deeper. I clench my pussy muscles around him and look up to meet his eyes for a second before letting my eyes roll back in ecstasy. Surely anyone else in the hallway can hear my muffled screaming but I've already left the planet, so I'm not embarrassed at all. My legs start shaking and the sound of our fucking gets louder as my pussy gets wetter. As I get more used to his size my screams subside to high-pitched squeals and whimpers. He lets go of my mouth and I notice he's grinning down at me and panting, his forehead beading with sweat from the proper pounding he just gave me. 

"Be a good slut and let me come on your face," he orders. I look up at him and nod enthusiastically, not sure anything would come out of my mouth if I tried to speak. He gets off, grabs me by the waist and yanks me halfway down the bed before positioning himself over me. He doesn't have to ask me to lick his balls while he jacks himself off; my worshiping his cock is of my own volition at this point. I can tell he's close and lap at his balls more eagerly, desperately wanting to be a good, dirty, little slut. He pulls back a little to aim on my face and I look up at him, sticking my tongue out obediently. He shoots his load all over my nose and open mouth, careful to avoid my eyes. I take my time licking his cum off my lips before swallowing it all down.

I do a half-assed job of wiping his cum off my face while he tries on my glasses and asks me if he looks like Harry Potter. While we get dressed he asks me about my recent relationship. Not ready to open that bag of worms, I deflect the question sarcastically, asking him, "What are you, a surgeon or a psychiatrist?"

I can feel the receptionist's eyes burning a hole in my back as he walks me back through the front entrance and tells me we should meet up again, which we do a few more times. I finish myself in my car in the hospital parking lot, his cum still smeared on my face, wondering how many people might have heard us that night, and then once more after I get home.