 I felt like a slut. I felt dirty. In a way I almost felt used. 

I wasn't bored though, and wasn't that the point? I actually was enjoying my afternoon for a change. My husband, Sean, would be mortified but what he didn't know wouldn't hurt him.

I had placed a personal ad on that website. The one you use to sell a crappy car or announce a yard sale. I had lied about my location, choosing a suburb on the other side of town. I hadn't lied about what I wanted. It was true; I was a bored housewife looking for entertainment. I had asked for men to text me. My ad wasn't up more than a couple of minutes when it started.

Most of the men started crudely. I received pictures of their junk and they asked me what I wanted to do with it. The first couple of pic's I received appalled me and I deleted them but the more dicks I saw the more I started to appraise them. I began to appreciate them. Some of them were huge. I would stare for a moment wondering what a cock that size would feel like. Some of them were pitiful, short little soft cocks attached to fat bellies. I had one of those at home. I wasn't interested. One of them in particular was long and thin. It was no wider than a quarter. It sparked a thought. If I was ever going to actually take it in the ass, it was going to have to be a cock like this one. I told him so. He liked it. He sent more pic's. he sent me a picture of him jacking off.

"can you send me a pic of it cuming?" I asked him.

"Send me a pic of your tits, I will pretend I am cuming on them."

I couldn't believe I did it. I was alone at home. I didn't even have a bra on, it would be easy enough. I went to the bathroom and pulled up my shirt. I took three quick pictures. I thought they looked saggy and gross and I didn't want to send them but I did. I sent all three. I sat and waited. I received more texts while I waited. I replied to them. When his message came in I took a deep breath before clicking on the attached picture. It took forever to load. I thought I had a phone issue but when I clicked on the image a short seven second video loaded. I saw him pop, a stream of white jizz spraying out on his lower stomach. He squeezed his dick and more dripped out. It was disgusting and I loved it.

"I wish that was all over my tits." I told him.

"so do i. I love your tits." He said.

"would you lick it off me?" I asked him. I had never had a thought like that in my life.

"yes. But I would rather lick it out of your pussy." He responded. 

"You have me so turned on." I told him.

"What should we do about that?" he asked. It shocked me how quickly I turned from horny to terrified. I closed my phone. That wasn't what I was looking for. I wasn't like that. I cleaned the kitchen and vacuumed my phone continued to buzz in the other room, each incoming message a reminder that I was a dirty cheating whore. 

I vacuumed and it kept buzzing. I finished picking up and thought I should dust but my curiosity was killing me. I had to look at the messages. I took my phone to the bedroom and sat on the bed. I slid it open.

I had 46 new messages. I started with the unfamiliar. There was a black cock the size of a baseball bat. No thank you. That would hurt. The most common responses wanted to know how old I was or want a picture. I worked my way through them deleting about every other one. I got down to his. He had sent eight.

"I love to perform oral sex. Do you like to receive it?"

"I live in Broadmore too, wouldn't it be funny if we bumped into each other and didn't know it?"

"Are you married. I live with my girlfriend."

"Are you still there?"

"I hope I didn't offend you. I was just playin'."

"I just thought, maybe I didn't offend you, maybe you liked the idea of me licking you so much you had to touch yourself."

"Send me a picture of you playing with yourself."

"My name is Kevin. I guess I will get back to work. Text me anytime."

Below those was just the short video of his orgasm. I really didn't care about any of the other texts at that point. I actually was kind of irritated I didn't know how to stop them from coming in. 

I tried to watch TV but it was no use. I knew I was going to do it. I turned off the TV and took my clothes off. I couldn't really remember the last time I had gotten myself off. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine his long skinny dick in my mouth. I sucked on my finger. I imagined him fucking me and rubbed myself. I started to imagine him, young and fumbling in bed, having to show him the ropes if you will. It was working. I rubbed myself firmly and it happened, I actually gave myself an orgasm. It wasn't a big one or anything but I felt it. I struggled to get a picture of my pussy. It's harder than you think to line up the camera. I finally got a good one, my painted nails teasing my clitty. I don't think I ever realized how evident my clit really was. I wondered if I had ever even seen it before. I sat for a long time imagining how bad it was to send it before finally giving in and shooting my pussy off into cyberspace. I wondered if it would ever show up on the web.

I waited anxiously for a reply, deleting message after message from guys that weren't Kevin waiting for the one message that was from him. I eventually gave up and put my clothes on. The kids would be home soon.

My phone kept buzzing and I suddenly thought to take the ad down. I logged into my computer and deleted it. I received messages for another hour but none from Kevin. Maybe my pussy looked old. I should have shaved it or something. I got myself off on a long string of negative thinking swearing to get back to the gym and to spend more time on personal upkeep. The texts were still coming in but more slowly, but still none from Kevin. I was in such a habit of deleting them I almost missed the one from my husband. He wanted to get a drink after work. I told him to knock himself out.

"No dummy. I want you to meet me," he said.

"What about the kids."

"Tell Marnie she can watch her brother for a couple of hours. It wont kill her."

"Fine." I said. "I'm not getting dressed up."

"If you don't want to, stay home. I'll be at Marty's Old Place." I had pissed him off.

I was in an emotional turmoil that I was unfamiliar with. I was pissed at my husband for being pissed at me. There was nothing new about that. I was however also pissed at Kevin for not responding, pissed at myself for having spent the afternoon being a dirty slut, and pissed at the world for making me pissed at myself. I was sad about all of it because I didn't like people being pissed. I was still horny thinking about a young hard cock and somewhere deep down where I didn't like to go I was happy. I was happy because for at least a few minutes I was attractive in the eyes of a hot young guy. I was a mess. I took a shower, did a haphazard job of cleaning up down there and got dressed. I wore shorts because I told him I wasn't getting dressed up but wore one of my nicer tops because despite being a bit of a bitch I did still want him to be proud of me when I showed up at his crappy dive bar.

I was ordering pizza when I finally got his text. "God I'm sorry. I started working and I forget shit. That is so fucking hot. My mouth is watering just thinking about it."

"I thought maybe you didn't like it." I sent back, my insecurities a tad out of control.

"Are you kidding? I had to jack off as soon as I saw it."

I smiled to myself and tried to think of a response. He beat me to it.

"Do you like that I jack off to pictures of you?" he asked.

"Fuck yeah!" I sent immediately.

"Send me more." He said. In my head it sounded more like begging. I thought of getting all undressed and taking some more but was scared to death of what he would think seeing my fat gross body all exposed like that.

"I'm all dressed to go out."

"That's okay. I'm not picky."

What the hell, I thought. I took my first real selfie. I tried to push my chest out and suck in my flab but looking at it I couldn't help but compare myself to the young hussies you see on the Internet. I sent it anyway.

"You are gorgeous." He said.

"Thank you," I replied, adding one of those little blushing smiley faces.

"Where are you going?" 

"Marty's Old Place. It's a shit little bar my husband loves." Fuck! I shouldn't have sent that. 

"When."

"I don't know. When he texts me."

"I guess I can't text you later." He said.

"That would be bad." I admitted.

The last thing I got from him was a picture of him standing in his bathroom. He was a good-looking kid, he had a bushy blonde hairdo, a long thin nose, a beard that hadn't fully come in and that long thin cock dangling down his leg. He was nearly hairless. The warmth his picture inspired in my body was confused with how closely he resembled the little twenty somethings that my would pick up my daughter on Saturday nights to take her to the movies and defile her in the back seat of their parents cars. 

Irritatingly my phone kept buzzing as I waited for my daughter to get home. I wondered what I would do later when I was sitting next to my husband at the bar. I surprised myself by actually thinking of something helpful and started a conversation with my friend Antoinette. Anna was a little crazy, especially once she started texting. I knew she would text me every three minutes for the rest of the night. I relaxed, as she proved true to form and we texted back and forth about her trip to the Veterinarian that day.

My daughter arrived and I ordered a pizza. The pizza arrived and I texted Sean. He texted back that he would be there in 10. I fixed my makeup and was ready to leave when I got his call. He was on the patio. Some of our other friends were there too. I hopped in my van and drove over.

It was actually a decent time. I liked Art and Kathlene. Kathlene was a knockout with a filthy mouth and she always cracked me up. I was a little irritated we were outside because I couldn't see the bar. I strained to see through the hedge to the front door. I would never know if Kevin arrived. 

My third glass of wine in me, I had stopped worrying and had nearly even forgotten to look for him. I had to pee though so I slipped free of the table and wandered inside to the ladies. 

I mentioned earlier I felt like a slut. It's not a way I feel about myself normally. Mostly, I think I'm the opposite of a slut, you can choose the word you prefer for it. For the life of me, I don't know what got into me when I passed him at the bar. It could have been three glasses of wine. It could have been having had sexual thoughts all day. It could have been the pent up sexual frustration that comes from twenty-two years of marriage. Whatever it was it was not like me. 

"Hi." He said.

"Hi." I replied, shaking his hand.

"Are you here alone?" I asked. It was odd the way he had been just sitting there holding his beer.

"Yes." He said.

I looked both ways, as if I was crossing the street. I guess I was looking for someone that might know me, I'm not sure. Whatever I was looking for I didn't see. I leaned in to him and whispered in his ear. "Follow me." I said.

I darted along the bar moving quickly. He followed. We moved smoothly through the part of the bar that was more restaurant than bar. I passed he ladies and pressed the bar on the back door. It swung open to the alley. I turned and looked. He was taller and lankier in person but he was cuter too. His hair flopped with each step. I thought of the hippie from Scooby doo. 

The alley was also parking. There were two lines of cars. I spotted the largest. It was a pickup, large and black with immense tired. I moved quickly intil I was between the truck and a wall. There were half dead oleanders, trash and cigarette butts. He was a step behind me. When he rounded the corner I reached up and grabbed him by the neck.

He was stunned but kissed me back. It was too hurried to be enjoyed. My heard raced. I dropped my purse the asphalt using it to pad knee. I really hoped I didn't mar the leather, it was an expensive bag. I tugged at his canvas belt. Khaki shorts fell to his knees. He was half way there. By the time I worked it through the fly of his boxers, it had grown to at least ten inches. Even before I was married I had never seen one as long. I placed him into my mouth. 

It wasn't my best work. I would need to practice to take a dick that long. I kept gagging. In the end, it was more of a hand job than anything else. He moaned appreciatively and I kept my lips sealed around his thin head. Happily it didn't take long. He rewarded my efforts with a moan and a bountiful explosion of almost sweet tasting cum. I milked his schlong for every last drop in the hopes he would let me do this again. When he was done I pulled away. He tugged his pants up. Not I really had to fucking pee.

"Text me on Monday I told him."

"Yeah. Oh, I will." He said. I left him standing there. His cock was still hard, I could tell by the awkward bulge in his pants. I scurried back inside.

"Are you okay?" he asked. He scared me to the point I almost fell to the floor. I had slipped easily enough into the ladies but he was standing there when I came out.

"You scared the shit out of me. Don't do that." I chastised him. "I'm fine. Lady stuff."

"Ah. I was worried." He said. "I'll meet you at the table."

"'K" I answered as he slipped into the men's room. I sauntered back to the table. I passed Kevin as I did. He was back on his barstool. I ran my fingers over his shoulder as I passed.

I settled down at the table and ordered more wine. I decided to get good and shitty. It was going to be a long wait for Monday.