 "Fiona, it's a planning meeting. one of us has to go. And I can't make it. I do go to 90% of them so it's not that many for you. "

"Well then. But I'm not coming back into the office afterwards. Okay?"

"Okay, but send me an email later telling what happened. "

*

The content of the meeting was boring but livened up somewhat by the attractive young man representing the council. About 35 she guessed. 5'11" , slim, dark hair and features, well dressed. He didn't say much in the meeting, but after a while she noticed that he seemed to glance at her quite often. When she spoke he looked at her longer and harder than was necessary, long after she'd finished speaking. Is he really interested in me? She was flattered, sure, but was she really interested in someone a bit younger? Well let's see how interested he is, she thought. 

At a convenient moment she popped to the loo. When she came back she'd unbuttoned her blouse a little further. He was definitely interested then. He had to drag his eyes away from her whenever there was someone else speaking. He seemed very shy and nervous. She'd have to take the lead if anything was going to happen. 

She scribbled a note and looked for an opportunity to give it to him. Shortly afterwards there was a brief break for coffee. As they queued she passed him the note. 'Meet me outside. Don't follow me immediately.'

She left the queue, walked out of the room, and strolled a little way along the corridor until she found an empty room. She quickly undid her blouse a little further. He was there! Far too soon, but she didn't care. She greeted him with her instructions:  

"I don't want us to know each other's names, but over the course of today's meeting you're going to do everything I tell you. If you do as you're told, you'll have a great day. I know you like my tits so suck on my nipples. "

He knelt before her as she undid her blouse and slipped her bra straps off her shoulders. 

He licked delicately at her left breast and his hand started stroking her right. Oh this was so much better than the meeting! He licked the other breast. Now he had one of her magnificent breasts in each hand and he couldn't decide which one he liked more, sucking one then the other. Her nipples were so stiff and erect! She loved it, but time was getting on. 

"That's all for now. Back to the meeting. Don't come back in with me. Wait a minute, and tell people you couldn't find the loo. I'll see you again in a while." Oh the rest of this meeting was going to be so much better....

What was she going to get him to do the next time there was a chance? She wondered what his cock tasted like. That would be a nice appetiser before lunch. A tasty, meaty, salty cock with a side order of balls. Mmm... Whilst daydreaming she had nearly missed a question someone had asked. She managed to bat it back adroitly but she had to take care. Concentrate! But it was so difficult to concentrate when she kept thinking about having a stiff cock to suck. 

The chairman of the meeting called a recess for 15 minutes. probably the old guy needed a comfort break, she thought, but good news for me. She walked straight out and along the corridor until she found a suitable room. Like a little lamb he had trotted along the corridor after her. 

The room she had chosen had a big desk with a vanity board facing the door. Perfect she thought - I can easily hide under there. 

"I said if you do as you're told you'd have a good time. Now drop your trousers and sit behind the desk. You tell me when you're going to come. Got that? So don't you dare come in my mouth or you will be in so much trouble."

Almost immediately he was ready. She climbed under the table and, kneeling under the table, she finally came face to face with his cock. Mmm... nice, tasty looking. A quick lick of the tip confirmed her hopes. Stiff and a nice size, quite thick and a good eight inches. There was no way she was getting all of that in her mouth but the head was perfect for sucking which she licked all around. It was very nice so she gave it a little suck too. Just the tip, sliding her lips up and down slowly. Delicious! She kept up that steady motion, the same pace for a little while. He was a noisy one! Moaning and sighing all the time. Well at least he was enjoying himself, she thought. 

Suddenly there was a noise at the door and someone came in! This was the real test for him. was he up to it? 

"Oh, hi!" said the voice. "Didn't realise you were here. On your own?"

Fiona gave his delicious cock a few extra hard sucks at that point. 

"Er, yes!" he replied in an unusually high voice. "I'm just thinking about what we've discussed so far..."

"Yes, we've covered a lot of ground haven't we? By the way, have you seen Fiona? You know, smart business skirt and jacket. "

"Oh, I know who you mean but..."

she gave him really deep suck, squeezing his balls with her hand, and flicking the his cock with her tongue inside her mouth. 

"...yes?"

"But I haven't seen her anywhere."

"Okay, resumption in 5 minutes, by the way. "

"Yeah, I guess I'd better get back."

The door closed. 

"He's gone now, but we haven't got long. We'd better go. "

"Don't you want me to make you come? "

He answered by pushing her head back down onto his cock. 

Now she was going to make it happen. She sucked hard and really bobbed up and down, fast. She knew he wouldn't last long and sure enough, he soon told her to stop. 

"I'm going to come!" he whispered. 

She took his cock out of her mouth, grabbed his shirt tails and wanked him off into that. He orgasmed with considerable satisfaction and she saw the wet patch on his shirt grow. 

She quickly got up, straightened her clothes and walked towards the door. 

"Good boy. Nice cock. Next time it's my turn. "

And she went back to the meeting, just in time to start the next session. The young man was late back to his seat and received a rather stern look from the chairman. 

Fiona's mind started wandering after about 20 more minutes of the tedious debate. She needed his tongue now. She just had to get licked and she was struggling to think about anything else.The meeting passed by in a blur. She was like a lust struck teenager who couldn't concentrate on school. It would have to be lunchtime before she could get him to eat her pussy. She couldn't decide whether she wanted to lie back on a boardroom table or sit on his face. She had a lovely time deciding which one she wanted, but by lunchtime she'd made up her mind. 

There was a finger buffet for lunch. Fiona managed to get to the front of the queue and soon had a nice selection of food. There was a balcony outside their meeting room which was on the first floor. The balcony was shared by another room. She couldn't help looking in and found to her delight that it was empty.The boy had worked out where she was and followed her out. 

"Follow me!" she whispered. 

They went into the other room and found a large wooden boardroom table with fancy leather upholstered seats. A cut above their room, she thought. She directed him to shut the glass doors to the balcony and to lock the door into the corridor. 

"Sit!" she directed. He did so, taking the seat at the head of the table.

"Now watch carefully. "

He looked at her. He had been admiring her figure all day. Her lovely breasts, the shape of her hips, her business attire - blouse pinstripe jacket, pinstripe skirt, stockings, and elegant heels. But what she did next was an utter surprise to him. She stood sideways on to him. She lifted her skirt to her waist, first revealing her stocking tops (hold ups of course) and then, could he believe his eyes? No panties? Wow! Had she been like that all day? His cock became even stiffer at the thought. And then ... 

she sat in the edge of the table in front of him and he almost came in his own pants when he saw her unbelievable, gorgeous, lickable, delicious, clean shaven pussy. He liked to lick, sure, but he'd never licked one like this before - not a clean shaven pussy. It looked incredible, and in his short sweet life he'd never seen anything so smooth before. The thought entered his mind that actually this whole meeting was in fact a bonus for being such a good employee and his boss had set him up!

"Lick me, " she commanded. "Lick me til I come. Don't stop for anything. I don't care what it is just keep on eating me until I tell you to stop. "

He didn't need a second invitation. He lowered his lips to her pussy lips and kissed tenderly. He poked his tongue out just a touch and licked slowly up and down, just the tip touching her. She shivered with delight and ran her fingers through his hair, holding him to her pussy. 

With his fingers he gently parted her pussy lips, rubbing her gently as he did. But now when his tongue made contact again it was firmer, pressing harder, and the pleasure it gave her was much stronger. Too strong for her to contain her gasp. 

Knowing how much it was turning her on, he intensified his attention to her pussy. He pulled her lips wider and licked and licked and licked, faster and faster. The pleasure for her was intense, and her gasps were continuous now, with every out breath. Just then there was a rattle at the door handle. 

"I thought you said you'd left it open?" came a voice. 

"I did. I'll just fetch the key. Back in 2 minutes", came the other voice. 

He wanted to make her come now; he was desperate to do it so that they could get out of there. He slipped a finger into her pussy. Oh it was so tight! Her pussy muscles squeezed his finger, clamping onto him, whilst his tongue continued to give her an intense feeling. Her gasps got closer and closer until she burst out with a final loud shriek. She'd made it to her orgasm. 

Almost immediately she rolled nimbly off the table, pulled her skirt back down and walked briskly towards the window. By the time she had got the balcony, she was completely normal again. Just in time too! She heard behind her the same two voices asking the boy, (as she liked to call him):

"What are you doing here?"

"How did you get in?"

"I'm just on a lunch break and I needed a few private minutes for meditation. "

She laughed silently to herself and returned to the boring meeting. After that her pussy was wet and stayed wet. There was one more thing she had to do with him - she had to fuck him. She had to have his cock inside her. She needed to feel his cock in her tight wet pussy, ramming in and out of her like there was no tomorrow. And she wanted him to fuck her on that board room table, despite the fact that there was a meeting in the room, there had to be a way. And as she daydreamed about getting fucked an idea came into her head. 

At a coffee break she merely passed him a note telling him what to do next. Then she went to the ladies and on her return she took off her shoe and used the heel to whack the fire alarm. 

All hell broke loose. Everyone rushed into the corridor. She knelt down to put her shoe on and let everyone rush past. Then she slipped back into the other board room where he'd eaten her out before. There he was, waiting behind the door.

"Fuck me hard. No slowing down. I want you to come before anyone gets back. " she ordered. 

She hitched her skirt up to her waist and sat on the edge of the table. Meanwhile he had dropped his trousers and once again she feasted her eyes on his stiff cock. Only this time it was heading for her pussy not for her mouth. 

He slid nicely in, filling her right up. That was the best moment of the day for them both - what they'd been building up to all day since their eyes met. 

He moved back out and then, oh then! He was fucking her so hard, so well, so deep, it was amazing. She loved being stretched like that as he filled her up, it was so powerful and earthy. 

Then she started to hear an amplified voice from outside. 

"The problem's been identified everyone, it's safe to go back in. "

they both heard it. 

"Faster, fuck me harder, don't hold back. That's it! Come for me, oh yes, oh yes, good boy. And thank you by the way. " 

She kissed him on the cheek and once again slipped put of the door back into the ladies to sort herself out. Looks like the boy was in trouble again for being in the wrong room, she thought to herself, as she overheard him getting interrogated for being in the boardroom again. 

The final part of the meeting passed fairly painlessly after that and a date was fixed for next month. She couldn't wait.