 It was a boring bank holiday. It was a boring bank holiday and she was stuck at work. It was glorious weather outside so everyone was out in the country, at the beach or generally having healthy outdoor fun - so no-one was going to come into a motorbike clothing store to buy 'Reduced Winter Clothing' as the sign exclaimed!

She had pulled the short straw and was stuck at work. It was just her in the shop and Julie in the office doing the admin. She hadn't had a customer since earlier in the morning so the afternoon was dragging.

She sat on the counter dangling her legs, letting her sandals slip off. Staff weren't 'allowed' to sit on the counters but in her bored frame of mind she didn't care. The manager was a real prick. Always picking on the petty things people did wrong and always staring at the girls legs and cleavages. He wouldn't want me sitting on this counter but I bet he'd love the view up my skirt she thought. 

She looked down at her feet. She'd just had a pedicure. Her neatly painted blue toes looked good against her silver toe rings. Her shaved legs showed her summer tan off well. She lifted her leg up resting her foot on the counter, her skirt slid down to her waist exposing her thighs.

Yes, she thought, if the boss was here now I bet he wouldn't bitch about me sitting on the counter! She swayed her raised leg from side to side flashing her g-string to her imaginary, lecherous boss.

The automatic doors swished open. Oops, back to reality. She slid down from the counter and slipped on her sandals. She looked over to the customer who'd just entered and smiled. She opened her mouth about to greet him but he went straight to the clothing racks and started browsing. 

She pretended to be busy around the counter but her eyes were fixed on the clock above the counter.

"Three bloody hours left" she said under her breath. She slouched onto the counter and groaned.

Her sigh was louder than she thought and the customer heard her. He looked over to see the assistant leant forward over the sales desk. Her skirt raised above her knees, she was on tip toes which tightened the muscles in her calves.

Mmmm she looked good he thought.

"Excuse me Miss" he said.

She lifted herself up and smiled.

"Yes, can I help?" she asked.

She was attractive too he thought. Thin, tanned and nice pert tits. 

"Er yeah - these leather pants, on special are they?" 

He didn't really want them but he did fancy having a chat with this hot assistant.

They weren't on offer but she was fed up and it seemed like a good excuse to get one over on the boss for making her work on such a lovely day.

"Yep, sure are" she grinned to herself.

"Would you like to try them on? There's a changing room over there" she pointed to the little curtain at the rear of the shop.

He flicked through the rack to find his size and walked over to the booth. She followed.

"Take your time, we're not busy in case you hadn't noticed" she joked.

He smiled back and stepped into the booth. Cool, he thought. Not busy so she'll be glad of a bit of company. His mind was occupied with her legs as he slipped his jeans off. His stiffening cock resting on his thigh reminded him he wasn't wearing any underwear. 

"Bugger, forgot about that" he said to himself.

"You okay there sir?" she asked stepping towards the curtain.

"Yes, yes fine thanks" he quickly replied turning his back incase she pulled back the drape.

Now that he had turned his back to her she saw through the gap the mirrored reflection of his hardening cock as he pulled the pants up.

Mmmmm, nice she thought at the unexpected but very pleasant surprise. But she shouldn't be looking. She had a boyfriend waiting at home for her. Perhaps one more peek. She craned her neck for a better look.

He was struggling to get the pants up as his mind was pre-occupied with thoughts of her legs. He wondered if she was wearing panties. Was she shaven? What were her tits like? All these dirty thoughts were having a very uncomfortable effect on his cock. He was fully erect now. He grinned as he looked down at his shaven shaft and balls, he did like the look of his own cock. Damn he'd love to get her in here now, lift up her skirt and...

She was wide-eyed as she peered at this guy. What a sexy cock, she thought. Damn I'd love to go in there now, slide his pants off and...

He pulled up the pants and carefully zipped them up over his stiff cock and walked out into the showroom.

"What do you think, fit okay?" He did a teasing twirl.

She was transfixed with the bulge in his pants.

"Yes, very nice" she flirted back.

He couldn't think of anything else to say. Shit, he thought. His bravado was fading and he was conscious that he was starting to blush.

"Ok then, I'll take them."

He stepped back into the booth. He didn't even want the bloody pants. All he wanted was a little chat, flirt with the assistant and here he was about to shell out $300 on some pants! 

He unzipped, again carefully. His cock springing out. He paused for a moment then zipped back up.

"Hey there, Miss?" He called out.

"Yes?" She wandered back over.

"These $300 pants well, the zip's stuck" he was trembling a little, shocked at his own cheek.

"Er you need a hand?" She felt she had to ask but was she going to embarrass him?

"Yes please, it's a little embarrassing but it's really jammed."

She lifted the curtain and walked in. He turned and faked trouble with the zip.

"What do you think, I don't want to break the zipper" he ventured.

Her mind only allowed her to see the guys hand rubbing up and down the bulge in the front of his pants.

"Hold the top together and try it" seemed a clever thing to say she thought. She was impressed with herself!

"Don't have enough hands" he grinned at her as he tugged the tops of the pants.

Teasing me? She thought, cheeky bastard. She reached forward and grabbed the zipper. He gasped at her boldness and shuffled back. That showed him she thought.

"Thought you needed a hand?" She wickedly grinned at him, her fingers still holding the tassel of the zip.

"I do, but mainly with this" reasserting himself.

He stepped forward and rested his hand on hers, pulled it downwards. The 'clicking' of the zipper teeth slow and deliberate. She watched as their joint action slowly released his hard, shaved shaft.

"I think that's fine sir" she giggled.

"I can't see a thing wrong with that, and funny how that zipper opened for me okay" she grinned at him.

He looked down at her tanned fingers, millimeters away from his hard cock. Her sexy long tanned legs, erect nipples now plainly visible through her blouse. He wanted her!

"Oh I need lots of assistance please" he put his arms around her waist and pushed her warm, slender hand up onto his cock.

She curled her fingers around it as she grinned. They both leaned in for a kiss. He was shocked as she twisted her fingers in his hair, pulling him hard against her and forcing her tongue into his mouth. What a horny bitch he thought. 

She was just high on the moment. She wanted that sexy smooth cock. Then as they were coupled in their long, wet kiss her mind drifted to her boyfriend. She shouldn't be doing this, with another guy. The warm, hard flesh in her hand made her think otherwise. 

Oh what the hell she thought, he'll never know. She was so turned on by the situation. The blatantness of it, being out in the open in the place where she worked just a curtain separating them from being discovered. Her pussy was so wet.

He was eager, his leather pants now around his ankles. He stepped out of them kicking them off. They fell against the curtain pushing it open a little but they were too engrossed in their illicit act to worry. Her hand instinctively started to pump his cock up and down. He groaned into her mouth. 

His hands went to her blouse unbuttoning it roughly then spreading it wide. He broke off the kiss to survey the scene. Her pert tits just covered by a half cup white lacy bra. She through off the shirt and reached behind her. She looked wickedly into his eyes as she unclipped her bra and let it slip down her arms and down to the floor. He didn't have time to enjoy the view for long as she pushed his head to her chest. 

"Kiss me there" she commanded.

He did as he was told. Licking her firm tanned skin. Making goose-bumps appear on her tender flesh. Her hands on the back of his head holding him tight against her. His mouth engulfing her nipples one at a time covering her in his saliva. 

Now confident he would carry on his duties she released her grip on his head and slipped her thumbs into the hem off her skirt and shuffled out of it. He leaned back and gasped at her long legs which lead up to her cute black thong. She stepped out of her sandals and reached down. Putting her fingers under his chin she lifted his head up.

She was almost insane with lust. She wanted cock, anybodies cock. She had a boyfriend but right now she just wanted a fuck. A raw, animal fuck! With this guy, any guy. If a gang of men walked in now she'd fuck them all. Wow she thought to herself, I'm a real dirty cow! 

She looked down at his hard smooth cock. That would do though, oh yeah, that would do. But she wanted it to be dirty, bad. She was going to encourage him to be just as wicked as she felt.

"I'm so wet, can you see how damp my panties are?" She teased.

"Fuck yeah" was all he could reply.

He gazed at the moist crotch of her underwear. She slid her fingers down inside them and parted her lips, running her finger up and down.

"Mmmmmmm, I'm so fucking horny! I only got fucked this morning by my boyfriend but I want some more now. Do you want to put your cock where another was earlier?" She slid her g-string across revealing her wet, swollen lips to him.

He'd hit the jackpot he thought. What a dirty slut. He reached up and grabbed her ass.

"I'm going to honey, but not before I taste this wet cunt!"

The 'c' word. She hated it! But it in this situation, it drove her wild! She wanted her 'cunt' licked, fucked, used! She watched as he held her thong and darted the tip of his tongue inside the parting of her pussy lips.

She closed her eyes and selfishly enjoyed the fact that this strangers tongue was now invading where her boyfriend had shot his cum earlier this morning. That seemed to turn her on more. She momentarily pushed him away and quickly stepped out of her thong. Then wrapped her thigh around his neck pulling his mouth into her again.

She held his head tight and ground her pussy onto his face. 

"Oh that's it, taste me. I want to cum over your face!" She almost screamed.

She was rubbing her clit off on his lips as his tongue slipped in and out of her. She was going to cum. 

He felt her movements become more frantic. Her ass was trembling in his hands. Her grip on his head was tighter. He plunged his tongue so deep the muscles underneath it ached.

"Fuck... yes!" she hissed as she released her sweet juices over his face.

He gulped as he lapped at her. She was so wet and he had to fuck her! He broke from their position and stood up.

"You want my cock?" He held it out in his hand.

She just stared at it.

"You want to be fucked by this?" He demanded.

"Yes! I want you, fuck me, fuck me now!" She was on fire. 

She turned around and bent over as far as she could. Spreading her legs she reached behind herself with both hands and pulled her ass cheeks apart displaying her sopping wet pussy to him.

He could not believe this situation. He stopped to savour the view. There was this incredibly sexy girl, completely naked bent over in-front of him begging for his cock. He nearly came!

He moved in closer holding his cock he rubbed it over her pussy lips. She just held her breath waiting for her prize. He couldn't mess about, he wanted her! 

He pushed forward. Her wet hole spreading easily to accommodate his cock. He was fully inside her. He wanted it to go slow as he was so turned on that he didn't want to cum to soon. He withdrew and started to fuck her, slowly.

Every stroke was heaven. He watched as his smooth shaft disappeared inside her pussy. Her ass cheeks shook as every stroke went home. Her breathing increased and decreased matching his rhythm. Fuck she was hot!

She was enjoying a strange cock fucking her. It was so wrong but so hot! She had already cum and was close again. 

"That's it yeah, I'm gonna cum baby" She purred.

Oh yes, he wanted her juice over his cock.

"Cum for me your dirty bitch!" He teased as he pumped her.

That was it for her. She felt the familiar warmth inside her as her orgasm took her. She tensed and impaled herself backwards onto his cock. Cumming hard over him, coating his cock and balls with her pussy juice.

He had to stop as she came over him. It was delicious! He mind was on overload. Every bit of willpower he had was restraining his own orgasm. He tried in vain to think of boring non-sexual things. No good.

"I'm gonna cum!" He gasped.

Even in her dizzy sexual heights of pleasure she knew they had taken no precautions. She stepped forward off his cock and turned around, dropping to her knees. She grasped his hand and wrapped it around his cock. She wanked his shaft with his hand as she looked up at him.

"Cum for me!" She ordered him. 

Releasing her grip she watched as he continued to wank off. Her fingers dropped to her pussy as she automatically rubbed herself as she had done a thousand times before when her boyfriend wanked off for her pleasure. 

He closed his eyes as the feeling took him. He leant back as streams of cum jetted out landing on her tits and stomach. His hand continued to pump until he was spent. 

He opened his eyes and looked down at her. Grinning up at him, covered in his cum.

"Wow, so you want those pants?" she giggled.

He burst into laughter. 

"Definitely! Just wrap them up with your g-string and I'll pay cash."

She got dressed minus the underwear and did as she was told slipping the wet panties in with the leather pants.

He paid cash as he promised and left his new, favorite bike shop.