 Cum floods my mouth and covers my tongue. Warm and thick and rich. I let it fill me. I hold it in my mouth and run my tongue around in it to feel the thick saltiness. I want to swallow it. But I also want to play with it. Swallow wins this time and I tilt my head for you to watch. I let it slide down my throat and I open my mouth so you can watch. You are still coming as I swallow and I start gathering it again. I am sucking your dick and drinking your semen. How intimate is that? No amount of adolescent fantasy prepared me to feel this way.

Why do we ever wear clothes when nakedness is so perfect? In my panties and skirt my pussy feels closed, imprisoned. Now she is healthy and open and vibrant. I smell that delicious cunt fragrance and my fingers explore the slippery wetness that oozes out and between my legs, drifting down to gather on my blouse that somehow I am sitting on. I let myself flow. I somehow can see the full image of our actions, like an out of body experience, and this full image tickles all our senses, not just our eyes. 

You are naked wearing only a light sweat covering. You are still trembling and your chest is flushed with your orgasm. Your cock is still enormous and pulsating with strong contractions, squeezing every little drop of sperm onto my lips. I am so giddy with delight to be swallowing your cum. I wonder how I ever did this the first time. Then I try to remember a time before I was doing this. There wasn't such a time.

Sex is forever. It is infinite, actually, meaning only that it is complete within itself. It requires nothing beyond itself for completion or perfection.

Plato, in so many words, was right - when we fuck, we become whole (again) and we become perfect. We do what we really are. We put on clothes afterward only to shade us from the blinding glory of our truest natures.

That doesn't mean nothing else is beautiful or worthwhile. Clothed time is simply time away from perfection and completion. Resting if you will.

It's nobody else's business that I tease you by opening my mouth and showing you that your cum is all messy inside. Or that you are willing to let me kiss you and make your mouth messy with it. 

This is our erotica. Since sex is perfect and complete, there is no room for what anyone else might think. 

Now, what do I want?

I want to fuck your mouth. While I am fucking your mouth I will move my open cunt and bottom around all over your mouth so I can feel both the movement and the touch. That is dancing isn't it? So let it be dancing. And who's to know or care if I move a little too far this way or that? If I open one bottom orifice or the other? If I say messy words like "cunt" instead of vagina, or "lick...my...ass...just...sooooo.."? Who else's business is it but ours? For now anyway...?

Who has to know that you like to let your tongue drift to my asshole and probe around the edges, and maybe a little too much inside me. And who has to know that I absolutely go nuts and adore it when you do that.

Love is not sex, and sex is not love, but love and sex fuck each other like crazy. 

Love and sex - they are all over each other. Love and sex can't tell where one of them ends and the other begins. 

Sex is a man and a woman naked on my couch, sweated up and messy with each other's tastes coating each mouth. 

Sex is being lost in that forever land with this audacious sense that this is perfectly right and perfectly normal. 

Love is the same thing. Ridiculous isn't it?

Now hold still while I paint your tongue with my cunt, pointing my slippery pussy lips as my paint brush to spread cunt-cum over your lips evenly. There, nice. the world should see this. 

Yes. Tongue me open and taste me. 

Yes. Find my asshole and work it open. That's it. Push my cum along my asshole ridge way up inside me as far as your tongue will go. How could I not love swallowing your stuff? The more you worship my cunt, my pussy cum, my asshole, the more I crave your cock cum.

Mess me up with it again – but, wait, a little later. Let me see if you are growing agai...yes, you are. Keep working me and watch you return. As I work you, watch me return again, and again, and again. Ah, yes, there it is again - that Infinity part.

Let me lay back against the bare brick wall and open my mouth, my whole face, to your fucking, to your mess. 

Oh my. Did I get this out of order? We were just...well, I changed my mind. The bare brick wall digging into my bronzed back. Do it. Now.

But we're not done. I told you I don't want just for you to fuck me, I want to watch you fuck me. Film. That is why God invented film.

Film erotica is a very fine tool for one, and many "ones" use it. Shared erotica is just too intense, too vulnerable-making for most people. So, come here naked with me and let's put on our favorite erotic films – all weekend. One after the other. 

Our favorite film fucking, slow motion – Vivaldi instead of B-grade movie drum machine tracks on the big speakers. Let's lose ourselves in it.

And let's get the cameras. Yes, mister, all the cameras, still and motion. Just like sex, just like love. Frozen moments, meandering motion. Waves and particles.

I'll show you mine, you show me yours.

You immerse yourself in your visual while I carry out my own erotic voyage with your body. This takes some pressure off both of us, reckon? We can each explore our own thoughts and desires without having to communicate them or expect them from each other. 

And we can get ideas. Yes. Capture what we see only in our heads to bring out and play with when we want, when we're tired but turned on, on into our older years, for show and tell with our friends, to make new friends. 

Then tomorrow, some of my friends and some of your friends and some of our friends will replace the film with their flesh.

I think I'll call this venture something home grown and earthy, real and pungent. It will simply be erotica in our own life, with friends.

Maybe I'll start a business. Yes, mister. I am starting yet another business. I'm calling it Porn Next Door. 

Let's go get perfect.