 I was born to...well, let me explain.

I am naked. I spread my legs wide and show you my cunt. I open it with my fingers. I let my excitement flow from my mind down my chest, one chakra at a time. I take my time feeling naked. Letting the freedom sink in.

Leisure. Sex is about indulging the illusion of leisure. Your dick will grow straight and long and hard and wide and thick and wet and all and it will reach for my mouth or my cunt without much direction or attention. That is simply what your dick does. 

What does not happen naturally is for us to leisurely become one with that natural impulse and simply leisurely INDULGE it.

This is what so many people miss when they write sex off as just a "normal function." Some people are horrified by the thought of sperm in my mouth, semen swimming around in liquid You. Call it cum, please. There, that feels much better. Cum tastes better than semen or sperm. When you come in my mouth doesn't that bring you closer? 

Come Here. Come right here in my mouth.

Come here. Come right here into my pussy. Look what you're doing. Get close. Come close.

Coming into my body. Come into my pussy. Come into my mouth. Come into my ass. Come to me. Come in me. Come on me. Come thinking me. Come find me.

Just...fucking...come. Already.

(Take your orgasm elsewhere).

Some people imagine semen in a mouth. Sperm in a pussy. What they miss is the rich texture of leisurely indulging that very simple and pretty basic act of drinking what's put before you. 

Semen describes slimy stuff hiding little swimming survivors. Sperm are just spermatozoa. They are little egg-sniffers. They do a big job but they do nothing if you don't invite them to the party. You have to tell them to COME.

COME little twisty tail guys. Swim this way. Swim to the tongue. Swim toward the clit (avoid the "clitoris" at all costs). Paddle to the pussy. Arrive at the ass. COME to mama.

Now don't be afraid little semen sperm egg-sniffers. This isn't going to hurt at all. Out of his body into my body. Don't worry, we're both the same boy-girl body with space tucked in between us most of the day to make us miss each other. That's it, think theme park. Over and around my teeth, you'll fit and glide around and between those shiny biters. Hover at my tongue then swish around in your slick little paddle puddle and follow the curve of my cheek down, down, down, down, oops -- gone. It's alright. It's all the same. It's DOWN. Going Down is Good.

Gives whole new meaning to going down does it not? 

COME (here) and GO (down): the two most delicious mouth sounds in the universe.

Come...here...now.

Go...down...there.

Get it? Leave the anatomy books at home.

Why do you come in my mouth anyway? It's easy really. Because you are feeling better and better about life and your body gets carried away and you just follow it - right into me.

It feels magnificent and the result is simply that you finally explode and your cum shoots out of your cock and it happens to be my mouth that is there this time instead of my cunt. We don't do this because we sat there in a calm collected moment and decided it might look good, or taste good, or be...fun. We do it because it feels good and it tastes good...now, now that our clothes are on the fucking floor.

It looks good and tastes even better as we come to enjoy the experience over time and associate the visuals with the pleasure. No, wait. We do it because it turns us on to eat each other's bodies. And we like to look at it now -- and then we like it better over time. There.

Now, back to leisure. I love for you to fuck at me with your dick and suck at my skin and the wet parts and eat my cunt for dessert - but I really love for you to LEISURELY eat my pussy, and to leisurely watch you eat me out. It doesn't matter that this leisure may be an illusion; it isn't an illusion while you are sucking me. Not for either of us. Leisure doesn't just happen. You surrender to leisure. Or not. 

We will. We do.

I DO. You may kiss the...

Open your eyes. Look at my eyes.

They're all shiny and bright and that middle dark spot is fucking huge. So is yours mister. Look in mine and see yours in the mirror.

Uh oh. What do you see? Messy, messy cunt. Look. Look leisurely. Touch twat with tip of finger. Transfer twat to tongue. Taste tangy twat. Eyes move from pussy to eyes, eyes to pussy. Watch me watch you taste me. Fuck my eyes with your action. Hmmm. You are eating my body right before my eyes. What's the matter for you? What are ya nuts? Nope. Alive. Keep doing this long.

Long.

Longer.

Longest.

Don't stop.

And if being dressed is so fucking good, why is it that we always remember far more the thrill of taking off our clothes and baring our private parts than we ever remember putting clothes on them to start with? Who doesn't fondly remember the cool, crisp elation of cool autumn air on newly naked nerves on nipples and thighs, balls, dick, ass, chest, tit? 

Life began with fucking. Life begins again when we look around us at this bleak controlled safe world and ask this: What happened to fucking?

Find fucking. There it is. The "Sex" word just didn't pan out. "Intercourse" just murdered my mind. 

FIND FUCKING. 

Where did it get lost?

Come here. I'll show you.

I was born to fuck.

I just fuck, and fuck, and fuck, and fuck.