 Chapter 2: Doctor Who?

With just a week to go until the FA cup final, and having been knocked off the top of the Premier League, Paul knew that it was imperative to gain full fitness for the difficult run in to the season. Thus far Oakdale had failed to score in every game that Paul had missed. They needed their star striker back as soon as possible…and everyone knew it.

Having obeyed his managed orders (with the exception of his entanglement with Zoe and Sally) and rested for the week, it was now time for his check up with the club doctor. Paul hoped and prayed that he'd be passed fit as he knew that without their top goal scorer, Oakdale would find it difficult, if not impossible, to beat Manchester United and win the FA cup; a major achievement.

He arrived at the doctor's surgery around an hour before they were due to open; a usual procedure used by the club to avoid unnecessary crowds of autograph hunters causing a disturbance.

The receptionist was, as usual, ready and waiting to unlock the door. Her name was Claire, a 23-year-old student who worked at the surgery to supplement her measly college grant. She was quite a petite young girl, with long auburn hair and an innocent, attractive face. Although quite small in build, her breasts were certainly an exception. Large and bulging, Paul could hardly take his eyes off them, especially as Claire had a habit of wearing overly revealing tops.

"Morning, Paul. How are things going?" asked Claire, closing and locking the door behind them.

After exchanging pleasantries, Claire led him over to the reception desk and began flicking through the appointment book.

"I see you were supposed to be seeing Dr King, Paul, but unfortunately he's been taken ill so there's a locum filling in for him," explained Claire, before closing the book.

"Oh, right," replied Paul, his eyes still firmly fixed on her heaving bosom, which may explain his next slip of the tongue (so to speak!). "I hope he's not too suck…Sick! I meant to say sick!"

Claire eyed him suspiciously before replying, "No. Just a bout of flu."

"Flu? That can really knock you for sex!" Paul quickly corrected this second slip. "Six! I meant to say six!"

This time Claire giggled like a schoolgirl on her first date. "You've got sex on the brain, Paul."

"Yeah, I know. I just want to lower it a bit!" he replied, sarcastically, hoping that a little levity may ease the tension he was feeling.

He needn't have worried. Again Claire giggled.

"Very funny, Paul."

"I thought so."

"You can go through if you like," Claire began. "Unless you'd prefer to stay here and fuck the living daylights out of me?"

Paul's jaw hit the floor and a look of total shock covered his face.

"Calm down, Paul. I was only joking," Claire reassured him.

Paul was relieved, but slightly disappointed, that she'd only joked about the idea. He'd had the notion on more than one occasion! But as yet, neither of them had gotten past the flirty, joking stage.

"You'd better be careful, Claire. One day I might just take you up on it," he replied, with a cheeky grin.

Quick as a flash, Claire reached out and softly gripped his groin before saying, with more than a hint of sarcasm, "Take me up on it, eh? Just how big is that love rod of yours?!"

Paul smiled at her and winked. "You never know, Claire. One day you might just find out."

With that he removed her hand from his groin and headed for the doctor's office. On his way there he turned back occasionally to catch a glimpse of Claire's young, nubile and perfectly formed body. As he reached the office door he turned back one last time and gasped in awe as he saw her bend down, revealing her tiny, lacy black panties, as her short skirt rode up around her waist. Immediately the image of him stood behind her, thrusting his hard, thick shaft into her flooded his mind. It was an image that he'd had many times before - usually when he was alone in the privacy of his own bedroom!

There was nothing more in the world that he would like to have done than to walk up behind her and fuck her - right there and then. But he knew that he couldn't. For one, he had a medical to pass, but more importantly, he just didn't have the bottle!

He pushed the image to the back of his mind and knocked on the office door. After a few moments a soft, feminine voice replied, "Come in."

Paul entered and looked more than a little surprised when he saw a young, attractive lady sat behind the desk. Surely a female doctor wouldn't be expected to perform a full medical on a male patient - would she? "What's wrong?" she asked, obviously noticing how uneasy Paul was. "Not expecting a woman?"

"Err…Well…No!"

"Take a seat. I won't bite."

Paul sat down opposite her and couldn't help but notice that her blouse had fallen open slightly. Her lacy white bra was all too visible.

The young woman was Dr Fairbanks, a 29-year-old brunette and by far the best looking doctor that Paul had ever seen. She looked much younger than her age; she could probably pass for 21 or 22 with ease. Her skin was baby smooth and tanned. From what Paul could see through the gap in her blouse, she didn't appear to be well endowed in the breast department, but what there was certainly looked like a perfectly formed handful.

"I'm Dr Fairbanks, but I prefer to be on first name terms, I feel it helps to break the ice."

"Yeah sure."

"Denise," she held out her hand.

Paul looked perplexed.

"No…Paul!" he replied, hoping that a little humour might settle his nerves.

Denise smiled, and what a smile! Paul thought that he'd seen sexy smiles before, but this, this was more than sexy…it was seductive. He reached out and lightly shook her hand.

"Right, now that we've got the formalities out of the way," Denise looked down at her notes and continued. "I've got a message from your boss. He wants me to perform a full medical check on you. But don't worry, it's just a precaution."

Paul wasn't exactly looking forward to the prospect of having a full exam performed by a woman. Not that he objected to undressing in front of woman! Far from it. Indeed, under normal circumstances he'd jump at the chance to whip his kegs off in front of an attractive young woman. Only these were not normal circumstances. He wasn't here for fun…or so he thought.

Denise continued, "If you'd like to go behind that screen and undress, please?"

"Undress? What, everything?" asked Paul, although he was only trying to delay the inevitable.

"Yes, please."

Paul got up and walked round to the back of the screen and then began undressing.

Denise called out to him, "When you've finished could you lay on the bed, please?"

He couldn't help but think: When I finish I usually fart, roll over and go to sleep! But not knowing if she'd share his sense of humour he wisely refrained from speaking out loud. Instead, he continued to undress and then did as she had instructed. Denise appeared from behind the screen and Paul quickly covered his modesty with his hands.

"You haven't got anything that I haven't seen before, Paul," she said, moving his hands away. She looked at his groin and added, "And you certainly haven't got anything to be embarrassed about!"

Paul smiled at her, appreciatively and said, "Thank you."

Denise then began checking his groin injury. She placed a hand on his testicles and pressed gently.

"Any pain?" she asked, while increasing the pressure.

"No, none," he confirmed, although he was rapidly, and noticeably, losing control of his bodily functions.

She continued to press and squeeze his balls, and with each touch his cock hardened that little bit more. The sensation of having her soft, warm hand caressing him was like electricity coursing through his veins. The more she pressed, the harder he became. He'd lost all control and his embarrassment was only too plain to see!

Denise didn't appear to be overly concerned by his reaction, although he could swear that an admiring smile played across her lips. Either that or she'd just dropped one! She eventually broke the embarrassing silence:

"Don't worry, Paul. You're not the first man to lose control of his functions and you certainly won't be the last." Paul covered his increasingly crimson face with his hands. "And besides," continued Denise, "it's quite a compliment."

Her hand suddenly left his balls and moved up his hard cock, stroking every inch of throbbing flesh. Normally Denise would turn a blind eye to one of her patients losing control of his functions, but somehow this was different. She didn't exactly know why but the fact that she'd so obviously turned him on had a similar effect on her. She could feel her pussy moistening as she continued to stroke his large erection. Due to her heavy workload it had been quite a while since she'd last been with a man. And now, against her better judgement, her she was with who appeared to be more than a willing participant.

She couldn't resist any longer and lowered her head, taking the end of his throbbing cock into her mouth. The warm, wet feeling around the end of his tool made Paul buck his hips involuntarily, forcing a little more into her inviting, eager mouth.

It was all the encouragement Denise needed and she began to bob her head up and down onto his hard cock, sucking him deep into her mouth before drawing back up his length and licking eagerly over his helmet.

Paul was moaning with pleasure and thrusting his hips up to meet her every downward movement. He couldn't quite believe what was happening. Five minutes ago he didn't even know that this woman existed, and now here she was sucking his cock.

"Is this part of the medical?" he breathed, sarcastically.

Denise lifted her head from his groin, but continued to pump his cock with her hand and replied, "No. Just perks of the job! Now just lie back and relax."

She then continued to eagerly bring him off with her mouth and fondled his balls as his excitement grew…along with other things! She sucked and licked him for a few minutes more and then raised her head, but again continued to pump his hard on with her hand. With her free hand she, after a slight struggle, unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off. She then stopped playing with his cock and asked him to stand up, which he immediately did. She then removed the rest of her clothes.

There she stood, completely naked in front of a man whom she hardly knew. Sure she knew he was a footballer, but she wasn't that interested in sport and so hadn't really seen that much of him…until now! Paul looked her up and down with a huge smile on his face, pausing at her small but pert tits.

"You've got one hell of a fucking body, doc!" he said, in his usual less than romantic way.

Denise didn't reply. She simply hopped up onto the side of the bed and spread her legs, revealing her moist, shaven pussy.

"Lick my cunt!" she demanded. "I want you to tongue fuck me!"

Paul obliged without question, well, who wouldn't!

He knelt in between her open legs and could instantly smell the sweet aroma of her sex. Gently he kissed both her thighs, before working his way up to her hot, wet honey pot. He parted her lips with his thumb and finger, and could immediately see her swollen little clit, throbbing like a little bud. He flicked his tongue over it and she let out a yelp of delight. Denise then started to fondle her own tits, tweaking and rubbing her erect nipples as Paul forced two fingers inside her tight little twat.

He began furiously fingering her as he again flicked his tongue over her hot little bud, bringing moans of pleasure and words of encouragement from her lips. Paul increased the pace at which he fingered her and licked and sucked on her clit as Denise threatened to lose control. Her body was violently twitching above him, and her moans had become audible screams of pleasure. Moments later she began to buck and writhe as an orgasm tore through pleasure filled body.

"Oh, yesss! I'm cumming! Don't stop! Oh, fuck! Ohhhhhh"

It was one of the most intense orgasms she'd ever experienced. Her entire being seemed to be gripped by the indescribable pleasure she was receiving. She didn't want the feeling to end. As she began to feel her climax subsiding, she whispered down to Paul, "Fuck me. I want your cock inside me."

He again obeyed. He stood up and looked admiringly down at her flushed and sweat soaked body. He could see her juices flowing freely from her wet, swollen sex. He took a step forward and Denise wrapped her legs around his waist, eagerly trying to force him into her. Paul guided his cock towards her pussy with his hand and nudged teasingly at her wet entrance. With one swift movement Denise pulled him forward and his cock slid easily into her inviting hole.

She was so wet that Paul was sure that her cunt was sucking him inside her on its own. He slowly withdrew almost all of his throbbing cock before driving it back into her with vigour. He continued this process, almost withdrawing completely before forcing it back in up to the hilt. Denise was moaning and writhing beneath him and the sight of her twitching, floorless body made Paul realise that he wasn't going to last long. Never the less he continued to fuck her at an ever increasing pace, revelling in the sight of her small tits jigging about with every thrust.

"Suck my nipples! Play with my tits!" begged Denise, who then threw her head back and moaned loudly.

Paul lowered his head as he continued to pummel her soaked pussy. He licked and sucked on her large nipples alternately and mauled at her tiny tits, squeezing and rubbing with force. Denise cried out with pleasure at each thrust of his throbbing cock. Paul could feel the unmistakable tingle in his groin as his orgasm approached.

"Oh, shit! I'm gonna cum," he moaned. "Do you want me to pull out?"

"No!" yelled Denise. "I want you to cum inside me. I want you to fill me with your spunk!"

It was just what Paul wanted to here. He couldn't stand having to pull out before orgasm. It was never the same sensation as shooting deep inside a warm, wet pussy. And it meant he didn't have to break his rhythm, and he knew that this would result in a sensational climax, as it always did.

He continued to thrust his cock in and out of her as his breathing became more and more erratic. Denise could sense that he was on the verge and began to pull him into her with her legs and bucking her hips forwards to meet his every thrust.

"Oh yes, baby. Shoot it up me. Flood my cunt with cum!"

With that Paul let out an almighty groan and held his cock buried deep inside her. Denise felt his first jet of cum shoot from his pulsating cock. The sensation made her climax herself, and she moaned and bucked beneath him. A second jet of cum followed, just as powerful as the first. Then a third, a fourth and fifth. She could feel every shot of his hot, sticky juice as it was deposited deep within her spasming cunt.

He seemed to be cumming forever. All she could feel was load after load of sticky cum shooting from his still twitching cock. Finally he flopped down on top of her and let out a huge sigh of satisfaction.

"Fucking hell, baby! You can certainly cum!" said Denise, as she felt his spunk starting to ooze from her cum soaked pussy.

Paul simply laid there on top of her, his head buried in her breasts and still breathing somewhat heavily from the explosive orgasm he'd just experienced. After a few moments Denise felt his cock deflating inside her and he finally lifted his head and withdrew his now limp tool.

"That was amazing!" admitted Denise with a huge grin of satisfaction.

"You're not wrong," agreed Paul. "I guess that means I passed the medical, then?"

"Definitely!"

Both cleaned themselves up and dressed. Denise gave Paul his medical certificate…along with her telephone number!