 Part 3: What goes up…

The day of the cup final arrived and Paul was disappointed to learn that he’d only be on the substitute bench for the big match.

“We don’t want to risk playing you from the start, Paul,” explained Luca Vieri, the Oakdale coach. “The last thing we want is for you to break down and have to sub you after only twenty minutes.”

Paul accepted his decision and took his place on the bench. He looked up at the giant electronic scoreboard:

FA Cup final 2003 - Manchester United v Oakdale

He was filled with a mixed feeling of pride and frustration; proud to be involved in probably the world’s most famous domestic cup final, but frustrated at not starting the game. He clung to the belief that he’d get on at some point; he just hoped it wasn’t going to be because Oakdale were being thrashed!

The game started at a frantic pace; both sides being roared on by the capacity crowd inside the Millennium Stadium. United drew first blood, scoring after just 12 minutes when Oakdale’s defence appeared to go AWOL .

It didn’t take long for Oakdale to hit back, though. Just five minutes later, Franco Goala, Paul’s usual strike partner, struck a superb free kick into the corner of the United net, 1-1.

After such a promising start the remainder of the match was something of an anti-climax. Both sides seemed to lose their way and the game plodded along boringly. At the final whistle the teams were still deadlocked at one apiece. Extra time would be needed. Luca Vieri decided it was time to introduce Paul to the proceedings - hoping he may be able to liven things up a little…it didn’t work. Even Paul couldn’t lift this second rate show above a mediocre level.

Both teams continued to make uncharacteristic schoolboy errors and eventually, and to most of the crowd, thankfully, the game ended - still deadlocked. With no replay, the match, and indeed the destination of the cup, would have to be decided by a penalty shootout.

The first nine penalties were converted with ease. Both sets of players showing a little more class at converting the penalties than any of them had shown during the match itself. With the score at 5-4 to Manchester United, Paul stepped up to take Oakdale’s final regulation spot-kick. He had to score to keep Oakdale’s dream of lifting the cup alive. He placed the ball on the spot and took a few paces back. He jogged nonchalantly up to the ball and side footed it towards the goal. The United ‘keeper dived the wrong way - surely Paul had scored? But no, the ball cannoned back of the foot of the post and the match, and the cup, were lost. Paul sank to his knees and buried his head in his hands. After a season of such promise, such high hopes, Oakdale had eventually ended up empty handed.

The coach ride home was like a funeral parade. The silence was deafening. No one could quite believe that they’d gone through a hard, long season only to end up with nothing more but memories and a runners-up medal. To most clubs, finishing third in the league and reaching the FA Cup final would be classed as an enormous achievement, but to Oakdale this signified nothing more than failure.

Paul returned to his apartment at around midnight. He’d spent the last few hours drowning his sorrows in the local pub. Drunk, tired and disappointed, he headed straight for his bedroom. On entering he could hardly believe his eyes - stood at the end of the bed, wrapped in only a flimsy bed sheet, was Claire, his doctor’s receptionist.

“Claire! What?…How?…” Paul couldn’t find the words.

“I told the security guard I was your sister so he let me in.”

“Oh, right…I don’t mean to be rude, Claire, but what the hell are you doing here?”

“I saw the match on TV and thought that you might need a little bit of tlc - or as I like to put it; a damn good fucking!” she said, allowing the sheet to slowly slide down her body and drop to the ground.

Paul stared at her naked body and walked towards her. Despite the copious amount of alcohol he’d consumed he felt his penis responding to the sight that greeted him. 

“Like what you see?” Claire asked, rubbing her large exposed breasts suggestively.

“Mmmm, let me think…Yes! Can’t you tell?” he said, pointing out the increasingly noticeable bulge in his trousers.

“Let’s have a look, then!” Claire demanded, as she reached out and began to unbuckle his belt.

In no time at all she’d stripped him naked. There he stood, nude and with his large erect cock standing to attention like a soldier on the parade ground.

“Very impressive, Paul,” said Claire with a naughty grin. “Now let’s see just how good you can work it.”

They started to kiss passionately, Paul running his hands up and down her silk smooth thighs, stroking them gently. After a few moments he turned his attention to her pussy. Rubbing two fingers along her love lips he felt her pussy beginning to moisten to his touch. He forced his fingers inside her wet hole and she moaned with approval as he began to finger fuck her roughly. Claire reached down and wrapped her hand around his long, hard shaft. Slowly she started to wank him off, increasing the pace with every moan of pleasure that came from her lips as he continued to forcefully finger fuck her sodden sex.

After a brief session of mutual masturbation, Claire suddenly stopped and turned around. She leant forward onto the bed and stuck her petite backside into the air.

“Fuck me, Paul. I want to feel your cock inside me!”

Paul was only to eager to oblige. He moved closer and positioned himself directly behind her. He eased his cock into her; her pussy seemingly sucking his full length inside her wet twat in one swift motion. As he began to thrust his meat in and out of her, she pushed back with her hips, meeting each of his thrusts perfectly. Her moans became louder each time he impaled her with his long, hard length. Paul reached under his balls and searched out Claire’s tender love bud and began delicately flicking it with his finger. This brought about the desired response and she started to audibly groan her approval. It wasn’t long before her moans and groans of delight became screams of ecstasy as she felt the onset of her orgasm.

“Yessss…Oh, fuck, yessss, don’t stop, Paul, I’m nearly there!” she sobbed, as she bucked and shook with pleasure.

She needn’t have worried, Paul was in no mood to show any mercy. He continued to ram his hard, throbbing cock into her as she writhed and bucked as if she was receiving an electric shock. Claire suddenly lost all control and arched her back in awe of the feelings flooding her young body. She screamed out loudly some incoherent word and flopped forward onto the bed, burying her head in a pillow and biting down hard.

A few increasingly hard thrusts later, Paul quickly withdrew his glistening member and took hold of Claire’s shoulder, spinning her round to face him. Sweat dribbled off both their bodies and Claire had her own juices trickling slowly down her thighs. She eagerly dropped to her knees and took his cock in her hand. Slowly easing back the foreskin, she revelled in the sight of his purple, engorged helmet.

“Time to see if you taste as good as you fuck, babe!” she stated, lowering her head to within an inch of his now aching cock. 

She flicked her tongue over his pulsing head and was surprised at how much she liked the taste of her own juices that were covering it. In one swift motion she took as much of his impressive man-meat into her mouth as she could and sucked, licked and wanked him like a woman possessed. Paul placed his hands either side of her bobbing head and pulled her down hard onto his length whilst thrusting his hips upward. His breathing soon became heavier and erratic and Claire knew that he was about to shoot his load. She slipped his cock out of her mouth and pulled him off quickly, stroking his balls at the same time. Paul suddenly let out a loud groan and she opened her mouth in anticipation. A hot streak of his sticky seed shot from his cock and splattered across her face. She greedily licked her lips as more and more of his juice cascaded from his twitching cock and spread over her young, pretty face.

“Oh, yeah, baby,” moaned Paul. “You look fucking great with a face full of my spunk!”

“Mmm, it tastes so good,” she replied, scooping up some of his juice off her chin with two fingers and seductively licking and sucking them clean, eagerly swallowing his tribute to her.

When Paul finally stopped pumping his seed onto her face, they both dropped down onto the bed and sighed loudly with satisfaction. He glanced across at her and had to admit to himself that he was quite impressed with the face splattering job he’d done. Her chin, cheeks, nose, neck and hair were almost completely coated in his thick, sticky love juice.

“Fucking hell, Paul, you nearly drowned me!” she said, as she wiped copious amounts of his sticky spunk from her face.

“It’s your fault…you shouldn’t turn me on so much, you horny little slut!” Paul replied, with coy smile.

They both had a good giggle at this back handed compliment whilst Claire continued to clean his liquid from her face, hair and neck.

“Jesus, Paul, if you bottled it they’d probably be enough to repopulate the fucking world!” she said sarcastically, as she wiped more and more of his seed from her satisfied, flushed face.

“It’d probably be a lot easier if you just had a shower, Claire.”

“…Good point!”

“The bathroom’s straight through that door,” Paul said, whilst signalling to it.

Claire got up and walked over to the door. As she did, Paul lovingly admired her naked body. He loved small, petite girls, especially if like Claire, they were small in height and frame, but big up top! The sight of her nubile, sexy, and sex induced sweat soaked body was all he needed to feel the blood again beginning to surge to his now flaccid cock.

Claire stopped on reaching the door, turned to him, glanced down at his now fully erect member and said: “Well, well, ready to go again, are we? Why don’t you join me?”

With that she turned and went into the bathroom…Paul quickly followed…

The End