 My Saturday started out pretty normally and quiet but turned into an interesting day.

I woke up to what looked like it was going to be a beautiful June day. The sun was shining, not a single cloud in the sky, and it was supposed to warm up to a well above average temperature day. And best of all, I had the weekend off!!

I decided that I would start the day off by going for a run. I normally run 8 to 12 kilometers at least 3 times a week. I went to grab my compression shorts from my drawer, but I was behind on laundry, so the best thing I had for running was my long tights. It was not super hot yet, so I decided not to wait for laundry and just pulled them on. I grabbed a light running shirt, and then put my phone into my arm band, plugged in headphones, and headed out for my run.

I had barely been out less than a kilometer when my phone rang. It was a coworker, Angela who called me because she was having a plumbing emergency at her house and she didn't know anyone else to call. I'm far from a plumber, but we have often joked around our marketing firm that I am a Mister Fix-it. Angela, our receptionist, just celebrated her 40th birthday with a divorce. Her husband had an affair with his receptionist, so she had kicked him out of the house. Since she lived in some estate homes close to my running route, I told her I would be right over. I had been there a couple of times for office parties, so I knew the basic directions. I was going to run home and drive back with tools, but she said her husband left all of his fancy tool stuff. So I changed my running route slightly so I could arrive within the next 10 minutes.

Angela is fairly attractive for a 40 year old divorcee with an 19 year old son in the local college, but we had never had any sparks fly between us, because I like to avoid office romances or flings. She always dressed quite professionally at work, skirts and blouses, but never really overtly sexy.

My run turned a bit up-pace, so when I arrived at her house, she greeted me at the doors, and welcomed me in quickly. 

She had answered the doors in a short little satin robe, as though she had just got up. 

"I was just going to the kitchen sink to make coffee and it started to spray. I didn't know who else to call or what to do. So I hope it's okay that I called you."

She showed me to the sink that was leaking, and I quickly bent down into the cupboards underneath to turn off the shut off valves. 

"I didn't know you were such a die hard runner. How often do you run?"

"At least 3 times a week, and I do a 10 km race at least once a month."

"I never noticed how fit you look, since you always wear those suits to work. But those spandex tights make you look really nice," she said. "At least from this angle right behind you. And the too short of glimpses of the front of your tights that you have let me see look appealing."

I was totally shocked by the comment, but replied with a timid thanks. It felt weird, as Angela was totally hitting on me. She had never said anything near this sexual to me before. 

"Ever since I kicked my husband out, I need to deal with all these house problems by myself. I love the house, but its too big for just me and my son Eric. I've thought of selling it, but I would miss the neighborhood and my backyard. Plus Eric would hate me because he loves the pool for some of his wild parties. It's great for weekends for me with the pool. Tanning while sipping wine is my release."

We continued to make small talk while I worked away on the sink and got the tap to stop leaking. A few times while moving around, Angela brushed against me accidentally, but really on purpose.

"All done," I said, as I got everything back to normal and stood up by the kitchen sink. Angela came over to me and gave me a huge hug, grinding her pelvis and half clothed body into my crotch. With the tight spandex and no underwear or jockstrap on, her touch felt exciting. I tried not to think sexual thoughts because i knew my running tights would show any form of excitement.

"I owe you so much for helping me out. A handsome prince rescued me from disaster," she perkily said as she stepped back. Her satin robe had opened up a little in the front, exposing one of her nipples. Her exposed breast was beautifully tanned with a nice perky nipple, sticking out excitedly. I tried not to look, knowing that in my running tights, an erection would be really obvious. "What can I ever do to repay you?"

I could think of a couple of positions, but I didn't want to ruin a work relationship, so I just replied that it was my pleasure.

"I know you are out for your run, but did you want to stay a little while and enjoy some conversation and maybe a glass of wine. We could sit outside by the pool and enjoy some of the wonderful sunshine. I tend to get lonely around here now that my husband is gone. I know I kicked him out, but at least he made the house not seem quite so big."

She kept asking, saying it could just be a single drink and a short stay, so I decided what the hell, I had nothing else planned for the day.

She poured us a glass of wine each, and she walked over to the patio doors and we went out to the pool area. I had always just seen the inside of the house, but the pool area was spectacular. It was a kidney bean shaped pool with a separate hot tub, a cabana and tall trees separating it from the neighbors. We sat on a couple of loungers enjoying the warming sun and our first glass of wine. A couple of times I looked over to see that the front of her robe was opening up to expose a pair of lacy underwear. I tried not to get fixated on her panties, but she caught me once and replied, "Sorry, didn't mean to show off my thong." 

I apologized and started to make excuses for leaving.

"Please, just stay for a swim. We can relax, and just be coworkers and friends hanging out. You can borrow one of Eric's extras swim suits. He keeps them in the cabana in case his friends come over. I threw out all of my ex husband's swim trunks when he left with his whore. I'm sure Eric won't mind. All the guys that come over love wearing his cool swimwear."

"Okay, if you insist," I joked. "I will just slide into the cabana and get changed then."

"I'm going to go upstairs to my room and get into my bikini. I might be a couple of minutes, I have to do a couple of things before coming back. Eric might be awake and come down to join us, I hope you don't mind a pool threesome," she joked. I wasn't sure how serious she meant.

I opened the door to the cabana and noticed a few pieces of fabric hanging on hooks along the wall. When I looked closer, I don't know how these things could be considered swimsuits. I took the first piece of fabric down. It was a waistband attached to another strap like a thong, but the front was only a rubber ring, and there was a second rubber ring that was attached where my hole would be. The second actually looked like a super tiny speedo, but was completely see through mesh with a front torpedo pouch for my shaft. The third was a black thong that was extremely narrow in the front, with a few straps inside the front, and then some extra fabric around the strap of the back of the thong. I was trying to think of a way to get out of this situation when the door opened and I saw Angela's son Eric standing there. He was wearing the tiniest thong swimsuit, that had the front divided into 3 parts, one for each ball and the third for his shaft that stood out in front. Men don't usually turn me on, but his completely smooth body in the swimsuit was hot. Angela had made comments around the lunchroom at work about how Eric was experimenting. Now I saw what she meant.

"Mom just said you were here and were going to stay for a swim. Feel free to use any one of my extra suits there. Mom is going to be all over you. She has been so horny since dad left. I can see why she broke the sink in order to get you over here. You look great in those running tights. I see you don't like wearing a jock to hold your cock and balls either. Let's get you into one of these suits. I know which one you are going to start out in. Which one do you like best?"

"They are swimsuits? They are all extremely revealing. I'm not sure if I can wear any of them."

"Don't worry, you will look great in one of them after I help you get ready. I think the see through mesh bikini is out. Too covered up. This one with the rings is for you to wear with me later. Let's start with the black thong. Get those tights down."

I was being bossed around by a 19 year old college kid, but it felt kinda sexy. I found myself standing in front of Angela's son, completely naked. It was as though I was in a trance. Unsure of what was coming, but strangely excited.

Eric stood shaking his head. "That's a poor version of manscaping going on around that beautiful package of yours. And that little bit of chest hair needs to go." He reached into another drawer to quickly pull out a beard trimmer. "Let me help you get some of that off or else it's really going to hurt when you shave yourself smooth. I'll use this to start and we can jump into the shower and get the rest off with a razor." He grabbed my cock and started to shear around my growing shaft and balls, and then did the rest of me. We got into the shower of the cabana, as I let Eric use a bic razor to take everything else smooth. It was so erotic, I started to feel weak in my knees. I was getting turned on by Eric as much as I was about the thought of Angela seeing me erect in this so-called swimsuit.

"So much better now. Both my mom and I like our men smooth. We will get you into my swimsuit and get you out tanning with my mom. Can't wait to see your tanlines after this weekend. You can borrow one of my other suits tomorrow. Mom says you're staying the weekend."

Somehow I was no longer scared. Just excited and getting hornier with every second. 

"Step into this, and then I will help you with the inside straps as we pull it up".

We pulled it up my legs, and put it into place, but then Eric walked around me. I looked at myself in the full length mirror, and thought I looked like a stripper. 

"I looks good on you, but we need to do a couple of things first." He pulled down the back strap and started to rub his fingers down my crack. He reached into a drawer and pulled out a small tube. "Just need a little of this first to take away some discomfort. But you need a plug for this suit to look great." He put some lube on his finger and inserted a couple into my rosebud. "There, now that should help get this into place. I think we will start with a small plug to get you used to it. I can tell you haven't had a guy like me up there before. The plug will rub your prostrate and keep your erect." He quickly grabbed a rubber butt plug from the drawer and slid it up my virgin rosebud. The pressure started to give me an instant mini erection. But I just stood there, helpless, letting a near naked 19 year old man turn me horny. He attached the end of the plug to the backstrap of the thong and said that would hold it in place.

"Now for the front straps. Your cock is going to stand up in this suit. I am glad the plug is helping, but you need to be super hard. Let me help you out." He leaned in, pulled down the front, and placed his lips right on the tip of my cock. As he kissed my pee hole, I felt in sheer delirium. I needed sex soon. He took all of my cock inside his warm wet mouth. Bobbing up and down, I had never had a blow job as good as this young college student was giving me. I could feel the excitement welling up in my scrotum. 

"You are growing nicely. This cock is going to make my mom happy really soon. I don't want to make you come yet. That jism should be for her. Now that your monster cock is rock hard, let's get you into the straps of the front." The straps around my shaft held me up firm for the world to see. I was on complete show for Angela. 

We both came out of the cabana to see Angela in a super tiny thong bikini sitting on a lounger.

"He's all ready for you mom. Have fun. Remember, I get him later"

...To be continued