 Authors Note: 

This could be seen as my first commission piece, so I would like to thank Jenna, for allowing me to wrap my words around her deliciously naughty ideas! Thanks also go, as always, to SlaveGirl70 for her valued edits. 

This was a fun write and I hope you have fun reading it. 

***** 

It had been a long, tedious day in the office, and by the time 5 o'clock came around Cindy was ready for a long soak in the hot tub on her deck at home. Just the thought of relaxing on those well-placed jets started her nipples tingling. Packing up and saying goodnight to her colleagues was done in double quick time tonight and before she knew it, she was headed for home. 

A quick stop to pick up some food and a bottle of wine for herself on the way home and she was ready for a night in by herself. Her husband had taken the kids to his parents in the next city over and she had the house to herself for the weekend. Her mind drifted on the drive home, wondering what she might do with the time, besides soaking in the hot tub and topping up her tan. Maybe she could tease the neighbours again. She had caught them both watching her on occasion, a couple of times alone, but sometimes together. 

Once she had even spotted Jenna being taken from behind in their bedroom, while TJ had been watching Cindy sunbathe topless on the deck. As far as she could tell, they didn't know she'd seen them. On that occasion she remembered being so turned on that as soon as they'd disappeared from view, she went inside and brought herself off very quickly to an intense climax, while imagining them both playing with her. 

Feeling incredibly horny by the time she pulled into her driveway, she wasted no time switching the hot tub on before heading to the bedroom to change and shower. Savouring the feel of the shower jets on her body, Cindy's hands started to move over her curvy hips, slowly tracing water drops over her stomach to make rivulets run through the cleft at the top of her large thighs. Moving her legs apart a bit more caused her pussy lips to part with her arousal, allowing the diverted water to run over the hood of her clit and the exposed entrance to her tight cunt. Moving one hand further up her body to cup her 36DD tits, Cindy started to pinch and pull at her nipples, her other hand moving down to gently tease her clit out of hiding. She rubbed her finger around her spread lips, causing the water to run down different paths, each adding its own pleasure. 

Her thoughts were firmly fixed on the vision of her neighbours fucking in the window and the look on Jenna's face when she came. The pleasure she felt from his huge cock were displayed all over her beautiful features. She imagined herself impaled on TJ's cock just as Jenna had been, and what it would feel like to have been in her position, or better yet to have her head between Jenna's legs devouring her pussy while TJ pounded her hard. She imagined her ass slapping against his hips with each thrust and her tits swinging free, keeping time with each slap and wobble of her ample cheeks. Cindy could feel her orgasm building as she started thinking about Jenna and what she might taste like. Her fingers now sliding in and out of her pussy she came hard over her hand, enjoying the feeling of gripping her own fingers with her cunt muscles, imagining they were TJ'S cock. 

After a few moments to come down from her high, she finished up her shower and picked out her favourite bikini before heading down to the kitchen to grab a glass of wine on her way out to the hot tub. As soon as her foot went in the water she knew something was wrong. It should be warm by now, she thought to herself. Knowing she wouldn't be able to fix anything serious, she checked the switches to make sure they were all on, which they were. While thinking about how she might go about fixing it, she thought about her neighbour TJ and how he might be able to help her, and a naughty smile crept across her face as she thought back to her shower. How indeed? she thought. 

Popping back to her bedroom she picked out a fine sarong to at least appear to make an effort to cover her modesty. Pausing at the door, she took a moment to tweak her nipples and push her boobs up, then headed next door to see if she could 'borrow' TJ for a while. Giving her nipples one last tweak, she took a breath and knocked. 

Despite hearing movement inside, Cindy still jumped when the door opened to reveal Jenna wearing an equally revealing bikini. 

"Hi Cindy, do you want to come in?" Jenna greeted her smiling. 

"Actually I was wondering if I could borrow your husband for a bit?" she asked sheepishly. "I've been looking forward to getting in the hot tub all day and it just isn't getting warm, I hoped he could take a look for me." 

"Oh you poor thing," Jenna purred. "Well, we can't leave you frustrated now, can we? TJ, can you come here, please?" she shouted, as she turned inside briefly, "Cindy needs you to lend her a hand!" 

Cindy was sure she detected an undercurrent in the way she said it, but didn't dare to hope what it might mean. Was Jenna flirting with her? Don't be silly, she told herself, you're just still worked up from earlier. 

"Hi Cindy, what's up?" asked TJ, as he too came to the door, his ripped abs and chest bare with just a pair of shorts on. TJ was very easy on the eyes, especially when half dressed, at 6'1" he easily stood a full head above Cindy. With above average length, dark brown hair, he was a very handsome man indeed. 

"Her hot tub isn't working," Jenna said, before Cindy had a chance. "Would you be a sweetie and see if you can make it hot for her?" TJ took his gaze away from Cindy's chest to look at his wife with a slightly quizzical look. 

"Good," stated Jenna, "don't forget your tools. No rushing and make sure you do a good job, we don't want it failing on her now do we?" 

The way she said it, lewd and suggestive, left Cindy and TJ in no doubt as to what she really meant. Cindy could feel her pussy leaking at the thought of seducing TJ while his wife was next door with full knowledge of what was likely to occur. With butterflies in her stomach and tingles in her clit and nipples, the pair went back to her house. 

"Would you like a glass of wine or a beer?" she asked him, as they moved through the kitchen. 

"Beer please," he answered, as he moved over to the hot tub controls on the wall. 

He didn't notice Cindy move up behind him until he felt her huge breasts touch his shoulder as she peered over it and to pass him a beer. 

"You see?" she didn't move away, "everything looks ok up here, maybe the problem is down there." She moved her hand down his front, lightly grazing his chest and stomach as she indicated the cupboard below the counter top.\ 

"Erm maybe, let me have a look." TJ could feel his head slide through her cleavage, as she didn't move back while he crouched down, instead letting him slide down her front. His erection was now at full mast and appeared to be getting uncomfortable in his shorts. 

"Ah, here's the problem..." he said, "...the fuse has popped." He flicked it back on. 

"Show me," Cindy said, as she crouched down behind him so that her legs were around the outside of his and her pussy rubbed up against his ass. "Oh, I see the problem," she whispered in to his ear, moving her hands around his waist to hold on to his impressive package and stroke his chest. "Let me help you out there." 

"I don't think..." TJ started, but was interrupted by Cindy before he could object. 

"Shhh, I've seen you watching me in the tub, and the thought of you playing with this..." she whispered, while stroking his cock through his shorts, "...while watching me, makes me incredibly horny and very wet." With that, she moved back and pushed him down to the floor, then in one move she straddled his head and pulled his shorts down revealing his 7" and very hard cock which she promptly put in her mouth. 

TJ couldn't believe what was happening, here he was on his back-on the neighbour's kitchen floor-staring at Cindy's barely covered snatch and that fabulous ass that he usually admired from a distance, while she gobbled down his hard-as-steel prick. For a moment all he could manage was a long drawn out groan from the pleasure in his crotch, as Cindy licked and slurped at his helmet. He quickly recovered, and remembering his manners, reached up to grab a cheek in each hand and pull her the rest of the way to his tongue. 

Cindy gasped as his tongue found the damp bikini covering her mound and applied pressure over her clit. Using long firm strokes he moved his tongue from her clit all the way round until it was pressing up against her asshole using his hands to forcefully spread her open to his ministrations. 

"Mmmmm" she moaned around his cock, making it twitch and him groan into her pussy. Moving back round to her clit, he continued to apply pressure causing the dampness in the bikini to increase and add her natural lube to his roving tongue. TJ moved his hands around so he could untie the strings to her bikini, removing the last obstacle to his prize. When the light and by now sticky covering had been removed, he took a moment to savour the view of her neatly trimmed bush, with just a landing strip of light hair above her otherwise shaved quim. 

Running a thumb up and down her slit to lubricate it, he started to push it against her asshole as he dove back in to her dripping snatch to suck and nibble on her outer lips. Cindy was starting to lose control as her orgasm approached, causing her to gag on TJ'S cock as she attempted to deep throat him. Giving up for the moment, she went back to licking around the helmet, paying special attention to his frenulum. She had one hand griping the base of his cock, while the other played with his balls, stretching and squeezing them. As her release got closer she could feel his balls start to pulse as they delivered his imminent load of cum. TJ exploded into her mouth at the same as she came on his face. As they nursed each other's recovering sex they both started to giggle with the situation. Letting TJ's cock slap back on to his stomach, Cindy stood up and after a quick stretch offered a hand down to TJ. Pulling him up to her she wrapped her arms around his neck and started to kiss him with unreserved passion. Breaking the kiss she looked at him and asked, "So having fixed it, would you like to join me in the tub?" 

"Sure, it would be a shame not too, now wouldn't it." he agreed 

"I don't think you will be needing these now" Cindy added kicking his shorts away. Reaching behind her she deftly undid the strap holding her glorious breasts in place and, letting them drop free, looked TJ in the eyes. 

"So I take it you approve of these?" she asked coyly. 

"Approve? They are quite possibly the best looking pair I have ever seen, and I can't help but imagine what they would feel like wrapped around my cock," TJ explained, unable to take his eyes from them. 

"Hmmm...you do approve, would you like to taste?" She said lifting one of the heavy globes presenting him with the erect nipple. 

"It would be my pleasure," he whispered distractedly as he leaned forward to take it between his lips. As she fed him one hard nipple he reached up to play with the other. Finally being able to play with her long lusted after chest, he didn't hold back; kneading, sucking and biting until Cindy was moaning again and holding onto his back to keep herself upright. Oh my god, I'm going to come if he keeps this up, she thought to herself. 

Before she got to that point, she lifted him off and taking his hand led him outside to the hot tub. 

"Sit there." She indicated the side of the tub and as she sank down in the middle of the tub, he took up position on the edge. Drawing herself towards him and a well-placed jet, Cindy parted his legs and lifted herself onto her knees so that her tits were at the level of his once again fully erect cock, and her pussy in the path of the jet. Taking him in hand she placed his member between her DD cushions and squeezed them together, trapping him there. 

"Is this what you want? To see your cock buried like this? Or perhaps you might like this?" With that, she proceeded to move up and down so that every time his helmet popped out from between them she could lick and quickly suck his helmet before it disappeared back into the soft tight tunnel. 

"Oh fuck that feels amazing--don't stop. I want to come all over your face and tits! Please, just like that! Oohhhh gooooddd I'm going to come! No...please...too quick...not yet..." TJ begged, his head rolling back as his orgasm approached like a steam train. 

"That's right baby, come for me," Cindy encouraged him, and TJ could do nothing except moan with the speed and ferocity of his impending orgasm. 

Opening his upturned eyes, he noticed the twitch of the curtain in his bedroom, and he realised that his wife could see straight between him and Cindy and that she had a first class view of his cock pistoning in and out of Cindy's cleavage. The thought was too much for his overloaded senses and he came hard, bucking up to meet Cindy's mouth as the cum shot out of his throbbing cock, covering her lips, chin and nose with the first blast, before being taken back into the tit tunnel for the second and third to spurt out over the tops of her creamy mounds. 

TJ leaned back onto his elbows and watched, as Cindy lifted, first one breast then other to her waiting tongue. All the while, she watched his eyes watch her tits as she slowly licked each one clean. Taking time to roll her tongue around each nipple in turn before sucking them both into her mouth at once. TJ was sure Jenna would be watching this and listening to their moans from her hidden vantage point, probably with fingers or vibe in her pussy and her own nipple in her mouth and legs buckling from her orgasm. The thoughts running through his mind and the view in front of him had him recovering like a horny teenager, and before he knew it his penis was at half-mast and Cindy was wiping the last of his cum from her face before licking it off her finger. 

"Mmmm...you taste divine," she stated, looking at his twitching member as it grew bigger. "But I think we should trade places, I want to feel that tongue fuck me again before I ride that cock of yours." 

As they traded places, Cindy took a peek at her neighbour's window to see if Jenna was indeed watching. She thought she saw the flicker of something pale in the shadows of the room but wasn't sure. Turning her attention back to TJ, Cindy positioned herself so that any viewer from above would be able to see everything that TJ did to her. Leaning back on her elbows she used her feet to pull TJ in between her legs. 

TJ was still marvelling at the gorgeous sight in front of him as he was pulled in towards Cindy's spread pussy. Putting his arms underneath her legs to keep them over his shoulders, he leaned in until he was only an inch away from her wet and fragrant flower. Reaching around a leg he started to tease her clit out from its hood with his thumb, softly blowing on it as it emerged. 

Cindy responded with a moan as the air blew across her button and she tilted her head back, causing her chest to lift up and her tits to flop sideways. TJ was mesmerised by the entrance to her pussy, contracting as he blew across it repeatedly, before dropping down that last inch in order to run his tongue around her outer lips, avoiding both the entrance and her clit just to tease her. Reaching up with his other hand he found one of her huge tits and started to massage what he could hold. He soon removed his hand and brought it down to her pussy so that he could wet it with her own honey, rubbing it up and down the length of her slit. He then went back to playing with her nipple, using his lubed fingers. As soon as his hand was back on her tit, his mouth found her clit and started to rotate his tongue around it at the same rate as his fingers on her nipple. 

Cindy started to writhe under the assault on her clit, moaning out, "Ooh yes, that's it, suck it you bastard. Make me come all over your face." TJ was amazed at her language, having rarely heard her swear before now, but it added to the overall effect and made him obey her every word. 

Bringing his free hand down and underneath he deftly inserted first one then two fingers into her tight cunt and, letting her adjust to the intrusion, he slowly started sliding them in and out, marvelling at the feel of the tight entrance muscles under his fingertips. Each time he thrust, he moved them a little further inside, then fully withdrawing them until his fingertips were once again gently massaging her entrance walls. 

As soon as his fingers entered her she knew she wouldn't last long. She let a long groan as she felt him getting deeper, grunting each time he started his slow slide back into her depths. She found herself sucking on her own nipples as TJ brought each to her face in turn and, taking over from him, she continued to suck them, adding to the tingling in her clit. 

When TJ finally reached the limits of his fingers, he curled them up and found her g-spot ,pulsating and instantly reacting to his touch, which only made him press harder and move his fingers slightly rougher. He could feel the soft tissue to swelling even more until he could barely move his fingers. With his mouth still working on her clit he knew it wouldn't take much more to push her over the edge. 

Getting louder with each stroke across her g-spot, Cindy's language was getting dirtier with each sentence until all she could manage were screams of "Fuck!" or "Yes!" over and over again. Finally, TJ bit her clit, sending her over the edge into a seemingly never-ending orgasm. As she felt her pussy walls contracting tight around his fingers she could feel the pressure that had been building behind her g-spot finally release as her orgasm washed over her and she gushed her nectar over TJ's hands and face. Nearly collapsing, she sagged back on her elbows and watched TJ lap up her copious pussy juice, while she continued to slowly play with her tits. 

Watching him devour her still quivering pussy did wonders for her own recovery time, and within a couple of minutes she sat up and, pulling him with her, indicated the nearest lounger on the deck. "Lie down, I'm going to ride your cock and feed you these puppies you seem to admire so much..." Straddling his hips she started to rub her soaked slit up and down the length of his shaft coating it with her still free flowing juices. Lowering herself so that her tits were squashed up against his chest and her ample ass was wiggling and wobbling over the top of his hard as steel cock while her clit ground down on his helmet, she whispered in his ear,"...while your wife watches from your bedroom!" With that, in one skilful move, she flicked her wide hips and sank his entire length inside her red-hot sheath. Muffling both their groans in a passionate tongue-filled kiss, Cindy started to rotate her hips while grinding her clit onto TJ's pubic bone. Pulsing her cunt muscles in time to TJ's twitching cock caused him to start writhing underneath her, desperate to thrust into her and to make him utter unintelligible pleading sounds into her mouth at the same time. 

Lifting herself above him she dangled a single nipple over his face, grazing his lips as he tried to grab it between them. Finally lifting her still clenched pussy up his shaft she fed one of her tits into his mouth, finally allowing him to use his hands leaving hers free to play with his nipples. As she picked up her pace she could feel Jenna's eyes on her back, or more precisely Jenna's eyes on the coupling with her husband. Cindy tried to imagine what it looked like from up there; could Jenna see her pussy lips stretching around TJ's cock? Could she see Cindy's tits being fondled and sucked by her husband, or Cindy's ample cheeks bouncing up and down with each descent? 
