 (Author's note: Everyone in this story is at least 18 years old)

(And thanks to ErikaKane, yet again, for editing)

CHAPTER 5

OCTOBER, SENIOR YEAR...

"We've got fifteen minutes of sun left, people, let's see some hustle!"

Damn, that girl was loud. My ears had grown accustomed to the gale-force winds blowing in from the ocean, and her voice still made me flinch.

There were five of us on that beach, all told. Nick was bitching about his werewolf costume, Dan was fumbling with the camera, Andy had given up trying to record usable sound over the unexpected wind, I was doing my absolute best to concentrate on directing the upcoming scene (and not the big-breasted girl changing her clothes in my parents' minivan)—

And then, there was Rachel.

Rachel Klein, to be precise. Our producer, and tyrannical leader of the school's AV Club. Four feet and ten inches of undiluted, badass motherfucker. No makeup ("Fuck that, do you realize how long it takes to put on makeup? I'm adding years onto my lifespan!"), neon blue hair in a high-pony, size 5 steel-toed boots, and razor-sharp glasses.

I guess I sort of had a crush on her for a while. Not sure if it was because I was still really insecure around women back then and her super aggressive personality kind of thrilled me, or if it was just because she never wore a bra.

Another gust of salty wind blasted us, practically toppling our petite little producer into the sand. "Fuck! Fuck this fucking wind!"

I could see that her little tantrum was having an adverse effect on everyone's morale, so I quietly suggested she tone it down a notch. Rachel didn't like that--

"Listen, Ian, you guys can be happy, or you guys can be miserable, but it doesn't change the fact that, if we don't get this shot off in the next fifteen minutes, we will be filming a daytime scene in the dark!"

"Okay, okay! I'll go see if our leading lady is ready yet."

I hurried across the miserable grey beach, cold sand hopping down inside my shoes with each step. The beat-up minivan my parents had recently bequeathed me on my eighteenth birthday was parked not far off, covered with a tarp to protect the modesty of the young lady inside—

That tarp blew off as I approached. For a fraction of a second, I caught a glimpse through the windshield of an unbelievably gorgeous body: the nude back of a perfect, hourglass figure, the side of a magnificent breast, hidden teasingly behind a curtain of long blonde hair...

With a shriek, Corrine ducked down and covered herself up.

"Sorry!" I shouted, averting my eyes and chasing after the damn tarp. "The wind got it, hang on!"

By the time I had retrieved that fucking tarp and returned to the van, my beautiful "actress" was already dressed, the brief costume I had picked out from her closet a day earlier hidden beneath a bathrobe to protect her from the wind.

"Sorry, Corrine! Sorry! I didn't see anything!"

"Then why apologize?" She smirked knowingly at me and hurried over to where we were shooting on the beach. She was so damn tall, the bathrobe looked almost miniature on her—long, smooth legs exposed up to her ass as she trotted across the sand.

I quickly ran my two actors through the scene--a pretty simple "monster chases girl" affair, and then quietly asked Corrine to hand me her robe.

Ever the tease, she made a show of fumbling with the knot. I glanced over my shoulder to see Rachel impatiently tapping her watch.

Corrine suddenly took my hand and drew it to the belt of her robe, mere inches below the enormous curve of her breasts. "I can't get it undone, could you do it for me?"

I knew she was just playing with me, but we were on a deadline and I didn't want to listen to any more of Rachel's bitching, so I said nothing and quickly untied Corrine's robe. I had to remind my hands to stop shaking like some scared little kid's as I loosed the knot and watched her robe fall open before my eyes.

She was NOT wearing the outfit I had picked out for her. I had picked out the sexiest thing I could find in Corrine's closet: a low-cut cotton top with bikini panties. She had modeled the outfit for me briefly, and I had been fantasizing about seeing her in it again ever since. I had spent the entirety of last night jerking off to visions of Corrine's cantaloupe-sized tits bouncing away in that little cotton top.

But I wasn't exactly disappointed by the surprise. The costume Corrine had decided to wear instead was about a thousand times hotter than anything I could have imagined. I gulped as my brain soaked up the sight before me: The hottest chick I had ever met, dressed in a tiny, white lace nightie that barely covered her amazing chest. The narrow neckline plunged down like a dagger between her unsupported tits, the weightless lace fabric resting gently on her succulent curves. Below the shelf of those world-class breasts, the whiff of fabric became almost transparent, and it cascaded down to past a pair of frilly white thong underwear.

This probably sounds crazy, but it almost saddened me, seeing Corrine at that moment. The rest of the world suddenly seemed so much less awesome in comparison. I seriously just wanted to drown myself in her cleavage and die happy. I struggled to find my voice:

"You look so—I mean—Th-That's—"

"Thanks. I figured this would be more memorable."

She was right. I still remember every detail of that nightie, all these years later, but I can't for the life of me remember why the script I wrote called for her character to be dressed in sleeping clothes, at the beach, in the middle of the day. Go figure.

Corrine slid the robe off her shoulders and handed it to me, turning to reveal her slender, nude back and a pair of sexily exposed ass cheeks sashaying beneath the veil of her nightie. A white satin bow sat perched like a bunny tail atop her beautiful butt, dancing with every movement. She headed off to her mark—

Nobody else was doing what they were supposed to. Not Dan with the camera, not Andy with the sound, not even Rachel. We were all just staring at Corrine's unbelievable figure and the meager piece of white lace attempting to conceal it.

Rachel unintentionally let out an amorous sigh of desire, revealing more about her personal sexual preferences than she'd probably intended. As soon as the sound escaped her lips, Rachel froze, caught. The rest of us spun towards her in surprise, but she angrily dismissed our inquisitive smiles and waved us back to work. I couldn't help but notice how Rachel's nipples were poking through her shirt, hard as rocks.

"Okay, I'm recording!" Dan shouted from behind the camera.

"You're supposed to say 'rolling!'" Rachel insisted.

"Er—Rolling! Wolf-Guard, Scene twelve, take one!"

I shouted action, and Corrine dutifully took off screaming down the beach. Her huge, bouncing breasts threatened to swing free of that nightie with every step, but somehow her nipples never popped into view. I was just glad to have her bundled robe in my hands--it gave me an easy excuse to conceal my outstanding erection.

Suddenly, a gust of wind blasted in from the sea, throwing up a spray of mist and promising to rip the skimpy costume right off Corrine's body--

But she didn't stop running.

She stayed in character the whole time, reflexively hugging her costume against her chest, squashing the bountiful flesh of her bosom beneath her arms. Nick made his entrance as the wolf right on time, everybody hit their marks...

"And... cut!"

The shot was perfect on our first, and only, take. We finished just as the sun hit the edge of the horizon and the sky turned orange.

As Corrine walked back over to me, I could see the moisture of the sea spray clinging to her skin, the lightly damp fabric of her nightie hugging tight to her curves. She shivered, moist breasts jiggling uncontrollably.

I tried not to stare at the prominent nipples poking out towards me through the cold wet fabric of her costume.

"How did that look?" she asked.

"It looked awesome! Baywatch, eat your heart out."

"Literally, in my case. Nick still rips out my heart and eats it at the end of the movie, right?"

She was really excited to be in this shitty movie of mine, and I couldn't be happier.

"Thanks for everything, Corrine."

"Oh, pssh, this is so much fun! And call me Corry, everyone else does."

She took the robe from my hands and strolled over towards the water, to watch the sunset. For the few fleeting seconds before she put her robe back on, I saw the shape of her naked body through that lace nightie, silhouetted against the backdrop of the setting sun; saw the outline of her impossibly firm breasts...

"I'll be damned, dude," Andy whispered to me, "I think she actually likes you."

I dismissed his comment with a wave of my hand. "Yeah, right. A girl like that? And a guy like me? Never gonna happen. NEVER gonna happen."

APRIL, SENIOR YEAR...

It was late, I was tired, and I couldn't stop staring at Corrine's tits. I was up in her room, helping her prepare for a big upcoming test, and she had decided to repay me by donning that same damn nightie she had worn months ago for her first scene in Wolf-Guard.

"If you're gonna stay up helping me, you may as well enjoy the view."

I assured Corrine I would always enjoy the view around her, but I wasn't exactly going to argue the point. In any case, I'm pretty sure her motive for donning that outfit was significantly less altruistic--she always found my obvious obsession with her breasts wildly entertaining and simply wanted to put on a show.

Again, I wasn't gonna argue.

After a couple hours, I didn't even bother trying to hide my erection anymore. I occasionally caught Corrine's eyes darting down to make sure I was still painfully hard.

When we finally finished studying and I got up to head out, Corrine stopped me at the door, pulling me in for a long, wet, thank-you kiss on the lips. The full weight of her barely covered breasts toppled against my chest.

I let out a groan, feeling my hands slide unbidden down her back and across the curve of her ass.

"If I didn't know you better, Corry, I'd think you were trying to seduce me."

She pulled away from me, a sadistically naughty smile on her face. "But you do know me better, don't you?"

I let out a long, exasperated sigh and nodded. "Well enough to know you're just teasing."

Corrine faltered a bit from the disappointment in my voice. She looked me in the eyes and asked, "But you like it, right?"

"Yeah," I grumbled, "I like it."

Once I was back in my car, I took a series of deep breaths, trying to get my brain cogent enough for a safe drive home. Truth was, I DIDN'T like it anymore. Up until a couple months ago, Corrine's incessant, good-natured teasing had been fun and exciting for me. I had been a hopeless virgin, and that teasing had been the highlight of my every day. I went to bed every night with fresh memories of her huge, tantalizing tits waving in my face. I had jerked off and cum to fantasies of Corrine's body more times than I could count.

But I wasn't that same guy anymore. I'd buried myself to the hilt between Talia's warm legs. I'd showered my semen across Elizabeth and Stephanie's beautiful bare breasts. And I'd watched my reflection in the changing room mirror as my cock brought Amy to an angry, animal climax.

After all that, I no longer saw Corrine as untouchable. She'd stopped intimidating me the way she used to. Her over-the-top teasing had gone from wildly arousing to maddeningly frustrating. I didn't just want to fantasize about Corrine anymore. I was over that. I legitimately wanted to fuck her, to pin her to the bed and drive my dick inside her with a year's worth of pent-up desire.

By the time I got home, I was way overdue for sleep. I collapsed onto my bed fully-clothed, but as soon as I closed my eyes, a highlight reel of Corrine's tits started playing in my head: Every skimpy top she ever wore to cover them up, the way they would bounce a little bit each time she laughed, and that one moment, all those weeks ago, when Talia had peeled off Corrine's bikini top and finally bared those glorious melons to me for that first and only time.

My fist grasped hold of my achingly hard cock, dying for some release...

But with an angry sigh I changed my mind. I didn't want to cum tonight. Not yet. I was still saving up for my next encounter with Amy.

Amy showed up for school the next day dressed in a dark green baby tee that exposed her toned midriff and skintight cutoff shorts. She was also wearing makeup for maybe the third time in her life, and her eyes in particular looked stunning. Soon as she saw me, Amy happily pressed her sexy body against me for a hug, then grabbed me by the hair and pulled my face to hers for a long, hot kiss in full view of everyone passing by.

It had been four whole days since I'd fucked Amy at the mall, and cruel fate hadn't given us another opportunity to be alone together since. But I saw a twinkle in her eyes as she finished kissing me, and she pressed her soft lips to my ear, whispering:

"My dad's working late tonight. What do you say we go by my place after school today and you can fuck me for hours and hours?"

I grinned at the prospect: We would have total privacy to do all the wonderful things our horny teenage minds could think up. I couldn't wait for the school day to end.

Amy gave my ear a nibble and pulled away—which is when I noticed Elizabeth standing nearby, watching us with wide eyes. I wasn't exactly sure what to make of her reaction. The fact that Amy and I had hooked up wasn't a secret to any of our friends, Elizabeth included, and I couldn't understand why our public display of affection four days later would weird her out so much.

"Hey Liz, you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah! Yeah, just—thinking about something."

She trotted off, red in the face. Amy rolled her eyes, but I chased after Elizabeth—

"Liz! Hey, Liz!"

She disappeared into the girls' bathroom. I hesitated for a second, but then my brain reminded me: It's not like there was a wire fence keeping you out, jackass, just a stick figure in a dress.

So I went in.

Elizabeth looked up at me in surprise as I approached. Thankfully, we had the place to ourselves for the moment. I put a reassuring hand on her shoulder--

"Sweetie, what is going on?"

"Nothing, I'm just being dumb."

I pulled Elizabeth to me in a bear hug and planted a kiss on her forehead--

"You're not being dumb, something's upsetting you. Is it me and Amy?"

"No! I mean, not really. It's everybody. Every time I see Steph now, she's with Simon, and they're all cutesy at each other. And then I see you and Amy together, and Talia and Rachel—"

"Liz, Amy and I aren't exactly--Wait, Talia and Rachel?"

Elizabeth raised a confused eyebrow for a moment, then suddenly remembered, "Oh, that's right, you weren't there at the party last night! Talia made out with Rachel Klein and they're together now. I saw them holding hands during passing period this morning, it was adorable."

She muttered the word "adorable" with just a hint of venom in her voice.

I choked on a laugh, in spite of myself. Liz gave me a look, but I quickly assured her, "No, it's not you, it's just funny how things turn out sometimes. At the start of this year I sort of had a crush on Rachel."

That made Elizabeth laugh, too. "Seriously? Ian, she's like the most cliché, obvious lesbian ever."

I just shrugged, "People see things the way we want them to be."

"I don't. I always see the worst possible outcome to any situation."

"And yet somehow you're the warmest, sweetest, kindest person I've ever met."

Her lovely green eyes met mine for an unexpectedly long moment, but she finally shrugged me off.

"I just feel left out, seeing all these couples everywhere."

I sighed, "Liz, Amy and I aren't a 'couple.' She made that abundantly clear to me. Five minutes after we hooked up, Amy said, 'Just to be clear, you aren't my boyfriend. I don't have boyfriends. I have guys I fuck more than once.'"

"That's Amy, alright," Elizabeth laughed. "She's such a guy."

"Well... not all of her."

Liz rolled her eyes and we hurried off to class.

Later that day, Rachel Klein had lunch with our group for the first time, and I was blown away by just how un-Rachel-like she behaved. She actually gave me a hug hello; the Rachel that produced Wolf-Guard would never have given me a hug hello.

Her drastic change in demeanor was a complete mystery to me for about fifteen minutes, until Rachel explained how, in the intervening months, she had discovered the mellowing properties of marijuana and become a far more palatable human being.

Apparently, its medicinal uses extend to curing "kind of a bitch."

Elizabeth was right: Rachel and Talia were adorable together. I couldn't remember ever seeing Talia so affectionate with anyone, despite the fact that she'd only been with her new girlfriend for a day. She looked at Rachel with all the giddiness of a first crush. When our lunch break came to an end, I watched with more than a little fascination as the two beautiful young women pressed their lips together for a long, sensual, goodbye kiss.

As they drew apart, Rachel teased the tip of tip of her tongue along the edge of Talia's lower lip. I couldn't help but entertain a very typical male fantasy...

Amy and I skipped our typical after-school workout, expecting to get plenty of exercise once we got to her place. Still, my feisty redheaded friend and I were so eager to get down to business that we couldn't help but run the last half mile or so.

We barely made it inside the front door before clothes started coming off.

Amy grabbed a fistful of my T-shirt and yanked me through the threshold, slamming the door behind us with a balletic sweep of her toned leg. Our bodies crashed together and I gave her hair a quick tug, tilting her face up towards mine for a fierce kiss on the lips.

She rubbed my cock through my jeans as I unzipped her cutoffs and peeled them down off her hips, never taking my mouth from hers.

Impatient, I clapped my hands against her buttocks, covered only by a thin white pair of cotton briefs, and squeezed. It didn't matter how many times I held Amy's ass in my hands—I would never get used to just how amazingly firm it felt.

"Mmm... upstairs," she breathed, then turned and ascended the steps, tugging me along by my belt like an obedient pet. She climbed each step with agonizing slowness, purposefully waving her butt back and forth in my face as we went, her delicious round ass stretching out those cotton panties—

I couldn't wait one second longer. I had to get us upstairs RIGHT NOW. I raised my hand up between Amy's legs to cup her twat against my palm, pushing slightly to urge her upwards. She yelped in surprise, but playfully fought back, slowing us down even more. The fabric of her panties was completely soaked through with her desire, and I could feel every detail of her hot pussy against my hand. It was driving me crazy with lust.

I lifted my hand into her crotch more forcefully, demanding she keep going. Amy's hormones must have overpowered her competitive nature, because she finally relented and hurried upstairs on quivering legs, her face flushed red with desire. I kept my palm firmly pressed against her wetness the whole time.

When we finally reached the upstairs hallway, I grabbed hold of Amy's panties and peeled them down off her butt, marveling at how much smaller they looked when they weren't stretched out around the globes of her perfect ass.

She stumbled as I did this, toppling to the carpeted floor, fiery hair spilling across her face. She panted, the strands of hair covering her face wafting with every breath. As Amy lay there on her back, her smooth-shaven pussy glistened at me--an invitation I could not pass up. I dove in between her legs, and hungrily sucked her slick lips into my mouth.
