 Brenda smoothed the hem of her skirt then picked up her steno pad from the corner of her desk. She turned the gold knob of the mahogany door and stepped into the office. As she slowly closed the door behind her, the man raised his head from the computer he was typing at and looked up.

Brenda felt a shiver run down her spine as she watched his hazel eyes almost devour her form. The man stared quietly for a moment, his eyes traveling from her shoulder length light brown hair, following the exposed creamy flesh at the top of her dress.

Brenda had been wearing tighter dresses the last few months, and she had seen him taking notice. It was one of the things that had confirmed to her his interest. She knew since his divorce he had not been dating for over six months, that gave her more confidence as she stood there letting him soak her in.

His eyes slid further down across her tapered hips, to the hem that ended well above her knees. Her tanned legs were in plain view to his hungry gaze.

Brenda watched that broad chest rise and fall, barely contained in his shirt, she could see his biceps pressing through the sleeves of the fabric. She shuddered, thinking of pressing her body against that frame.

"Yes?" his baritone voice filled her ears.

"I just wanted to wish you a happy Boss Day Mr. Murphy" Brenda gave her most alluring smile. "I have a gift for you."

"Why thank you Brenda" his smile washed over her. God how this man turned her knees to jelly, she thought. "Just put it on the desk my dear." He gestured.

Brenda walked the few feet to the front of his desk. She swore she could hear the wetness between her own thighs as her juices seeped from her.

"On your desk." She said softly. "Are you sure sir?" she asked.

Adrian Murphy, Senior Vice President, inhaled deeply as the scent of his secretary's perfume filled his nostril. He felt his cock start to thicken just from her being so close. Six months without getting laid, and this hot number kept shoving her ass or her tits in his face. A man had a limit, he thought.

Adrian was forced to roll his chair slightly back, as his secretary suddenly slipped between him and the desk. He watched stunned as she eased herself up and sat on the edge of the desk facing him.

"Brenda, what are you doing?" he choked out. His vision filled with the flesh overflowing from the top of her dress, then to her creamy thighs slowly spreading right before him.

"Putting your present on your desk Mr. Murphy" Brenda said her voice thick with lust.

"Oh Jesus" Adrian groaned as he watched her thighs opening before him. 

His gaze traveled up her firm thighs, as the short hem of her short skirt slid upward with her movements. Inch by inch more flesh was exposed as he felt his cock throb in his slacks.

"I know you want it Mr. Murphy" Brenda whispered hoarsely. "I've seen how you look at my tight little body" the twenty-six year old teased. "Be a boss Mr. Murphy...and take it." She whispered.

Adrian felt his eight inches surge to full hardness as this young thing all but gave her body to him. The forty-eight year old looked up into lust filled eyes. He thought he had just died and gone to heaven.

Brenda could see the sheen of perspiration on his brow, as he stared up at her. He made no attempt to hide the growing bulge between his thighs. This was what she had dreamed of for months, no fumbling twenty year old; but a man, who had experienced the pleasures of the flesh and knew how to pleasure a woman.

"You know I'm old enough to be your father" he whispered. The last of his resistance was shredding as his eyes locked to her breasts rising and falling, barely contained in her dress top.

"But you're not my father, you're my boss" Brenda looked down at him. Reaching out her hand, she tangled her fingers in his gray hair, urging his face towards her. "So dick-tate to me" she hissed.

Something inside Adrian snapped as he reached up to dig his fingers into the flesh of her thighs, shoving them even wider. Leaning forward in his chair, he drove his face between the young girls' legs, extending his tongue, feeling it slip past her swollen lips and deep into her drenched hole.

"Fuuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk" Brenda moaned. Finally, she was his.

"Mmmmmmm" Adrian moaned. His tongue began scooping her copious cream, sucking it into his mouth.

Adrian opened his mouth further, and pulled her throbbing clit inside, sucking on the hard nub. His hands slid up her body and found the top edge of her dress, with a tug her pulled it downward, not surprised when her full breasts popped free. She had come in without panties or a bra; to Adrian this was green light to do as he wished.

"God yessss eat me Mr. Murphy" Brenda moaned.

She gripped his gray hair in her fingers, trying to mash his face harder into her groin. She felt her belly roll with every sweep of his tongue. When he pulled her clit in, she felt a hot bolt shoot from her cunt to her nipples.

The young secretary braced herself back on her arms as the older man devoured her quivering pussy. His hands started kneading her firm breasts while he rolled her nipples between his thumb and fingers.

Adrian attacked her dripping pussy with a vengeance. The room filled with the sounds of wet slurping as he drank deeply of her. One hand reached down and began to undo the snap and zipper to his slacks, while the other slid up to press down on the top of her mound.

"OH fuck...oh shit" Brenda moaned. She could feel the knot mounting deep in her belly. "Make me cum Mr. Murphy...please" she begged.

Adrian had every intention of it, sliding the fingers of his one hand over her throbbing clit, pressing harder on the bud. He felt her body shudder as his tongue slid in and out, fucking her with his mouth. He felt her thighs begin pressing against the sides of his head, he knew she was getting close and increased the motion of his finger on her clit. 

"Ohhh" Brenda moaned as her body mounted. "God don't stop." she gasped.

Brenda felt her belly roll as his tongue probed inside her, her thighs jerking as she felt a hot bomb went off between her thighs. Just as he felt her first convulsion rock through her, he nipped at the throbbing bud of her clit.

"Cccumminnggggggg ggggggggggggggggg" the young woman shuddered and moaned.

Adrian felt thick warm cream flood into his open mouth, swallowing noisily as she convulsed through her orgasm. Brenda raised her head as she felt his face slide from between her still quivering thighs. Her body still shook from the intensity of her orgasm; no man had ever made her cum that hard.

She watched as he rose to his feet, all eight inches of his raging hard cock in full view. She felt her mouth water just staring at that thick tool. She slid off the edge of the desk and to her knees, fully intending on devouring that hard dick.

Before she could react, she felt his hand reach down and grip a fist full of her brown hair, turning her sideways and forcing her to her hands and knees between the desk and the chair.

"Mr. Murphy!" Brenda gasped as her boss all but manhandled her body.

With a thud, Adrian dropped to his knees behind the young woman. He stared at the rounded cheeks of that ass that had been teasing him for months.

"Time for my real present" Brenda heard him growl behind her.

She tried to turn her head to see him, but he kept her head facing forward by gripping her hair tighter. She opened her mouth to speak, but only a gurgle came out as he suddenly shoved eight inches of thick meat into her cunt in one powerful stroke.

"Aaarrghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Brenda almost screamed, as she felt the walls of her pussy desperately trying to stretch to fit his thickness.

Brenda couldn't see what he was doing, but God could she feel it as his thick cock plowed into her from behind. Her mind shuddered as her boss began to use her body for his own pleasure.

Adrian pulled back his hips until just the head was resting inside her swollen lips. With a grunt he rammed back into her tight hole. He felt her tight walls expand to fit him, clutching to his rock hard shaft. He could feel her juices seep out around his cock as they dripped down her spread thighs.

"Jesus you're tight" Adrian grunted.

"So...fucking...BIG" Brenda moaned back. She could feel every stroke of his thick cock opening her.

Adrian took command as his hips began to piston in and out, wet slurping filling the room as the scent of their sex filled the air. He couldn't believe how tight her walls were, like a velvet vise on this throbbing cock.

"God yes...fuck me...fuck me..." Brenda began to babble. This was her dream come true and nothing was going to stop her now.

Adrian's head came up as the front door to his office suddenly opened. Brenda barely heard the voice of Calvin Arnold, one of the partners of the company.

"Hey Adrian" the man called out. "Don't forget the meeting, half an hour."

"Got it" Adrian responded calmly. His hips never stopping as he continued to pound into Brenda's spasming cunt. "Sorry dropped something" he said. "I should be 'cumming' soon." His words having a double meaning to the young woman impaled on his cock.

"See you there guy" the voice called out, and then the door to the office closed again.

Brenda didn't know how, but it was like the interruption energized Adrian. He picked up the pace, fucking into her used cunt almost mercilessly.

"Oh God...Oh God..." the young woman moaned, as her own spit dribbled down the corner of her mouth. She could feel her cunt juices running down her thighs to soak the carpet as Adrian used her body. Her eyes rolled back as it felt like one wave was rolling into the other, one orgasm following on the heels of the other.

Never before had she felt this level of pleasure. The young 'kids' at the bars and clubs would never do again, she thought as this man twice her age used her body like a maestro.

"Cumming...God still cumming," she grunted between waves.

Adrian yanked back on the hand full of hair, pulling the young woman's head up and back. He could feel the fire in his balls reaching a fevered heat.

"Best fucking boss day present ever" his voiced filled Brenda's ears.

Brenda could feel his hips slapping against the cheeks of her ass, making the firm globes shake with every blow. Her whole body screamed for the one thing she craved the most.

"Give me my present Mr. Murphy" she begged. "Oh fuck yessss" she moaned.

"Fuck" he groaned as Brenda's words drove him to the edge. "Going to fucking cum" he gasped.

"Oh God yes, please yes" Brenda begged. "Don't stop, fill me Mr. Murphyyyyyyy" she wailed.

"Are you safe?" his voice husked in her ear.

"I don't care, I want it...need it" she groaned. "Fill me...oh God please" she babbled.

"Need to pull out" Adrian grunted as he felt the tightness in his balls growing rapidly.

"Nooooooo" Brenda began to ram her ass back against him, trying to drive that pulsing cock even deeper. "Inside...please...Oh God" Brenda chanted as she impaled herself again and again on his thick cock.

Adrian felt his balls hitting critical, with a huge lunge he rammed his cock as hard into Brenda as he could, his hips slamming against her shaking ass.

"FUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK" he roared as he felt his cock jerk, his hot seed exploding into the young woman's belly.

"Mmmmpppfffffffffff" was all Brenda got out as Adrian clapped his hand over her mouth, trying to quiet her.

As she felt the first scalding rope wash her walls, she felt her body erupt into an orgasm more intense than she had ever felt. She was shocked as her own juices sprayed out from between her thighs, soaking his balls and dripping to the carpet.

As she felt the second thick rope pump into her quaking body, she dimly tried to remember when her last period was. As the third hot load pumped into her, she just gave up and let her body accept his hot seed into her cum swamped pussy.

With an obscene sucking noise, Adrian pulled his softening cock from her clutching pussy. Rising to his feet he began to pull up his slacks and straighten his shirt. He looked down at the young woman panting and kneeling on the floor by his desk.

"You had better get straightened up my dear" his voice echoed above her.

"Yes Mr. Murphy" Brenda softly mewled. 

She could feel a thick glob of his hot seed oozing from between her still gaping pussy lips as he walked to the office door. She had to hold onto the edge of the desk as she tried to rise on knees that wobbled from the pounding she had just received.

"Oh, and Brenda" her boss said. "We will continue this dick-tation; this afternoon."

"Oh God" Brenda moaned as she heard the office door close behind him. Her shattered mind was trying to imagine another round like this. I think I'm in love, the young woman thought dimly.