 The next day I returned to work as if I hadn't just left this place without saying a word yesterday. I was still on my high of having got handled. I'm sure I had a smile that matched how I was feeling on the inside. I was walking to the back store room like always, don't think I ever felt this good coming to this place.

"Willis!" I heard Patricia my manager call my name.

"Yes Ma'am," I said turning around.

"What happened to you yesterday?"

I was a little shell shocked by the question. "Ummm I had an emergency." I sputtered.

"An emergency." Her tone, posture, hell everything said she was skeptical.

I really had to go in my bag. "Yeah Ms. Tricia I was going to get some carts and I was almost hit by a car... And it scared the you know what out of me... Literally."

"Hmph... well are you ok?"

"Yeah still feels a little surreal but I'm here."

"Well you be careful out there and let me know next time you have to leave early."

"Yes ma'am."

"Cut that ma'am crap out."

"Yes Ma... Ummmm ok"

I made my way back to the storage room. I low key was wondering if, damn I didn't even know her name. I was wondering if her ass would show up today. Any who, I caught up with Trell. He asked me where I went yesterday. I gave him the same story I gave Ms. Patricia. He laughed his ass completely off. Internally I was like if this nigga only knew.

I went on about my day and it was uneventful. Hell the rest of the week was uneventful. The remanence of her still lingered in my mind as every woman who looked to be about her age I was little extra eager to assist. I had it bad, I was eager going to work in hopes of being kidnapped. The days came and went by the middle of the next week was no longer hopeful of being snatched up. 

It was about 10:30 as I walked out of the store on a Thursday night. The store closed at 10 so typically I finished up around 10:30, 10:45. I was headed to my little putt putt, half way there I heard a car creeping up behind me. I figured it was Trell since he always parked around back and often met me up front. I didn't bother to look back. It wasn't until I was bumped, and almost really shit myself that I looked.

"Pardon mi. Mi nuh see yuh deh." I already knew who it was by her accent.

"Really, all of this space and you decide to run into me."

"Mi sorry my yute." We made eye contact and I began to melt all over again. I nodded and quickly turned back towards my whip. I was having a real bitch nigga moment, I mean she obviously was trying to strike up something. My green ass didn't even know how to handle it. "Wait a second deh. Mi wan fi check yuh out my yute, make sure yuh aright."

By this time I was at the door of my car. I really didn't know what the fuck to do. "I'm ... I'm ok Ms. Uhhhhh... Ms. Uhhhhhhh"

"Stacy-Anne bayuhbe." She was on me before I could blink. "Let mi look yuh over." She turned me around and began patting me down as if I was being frisked. She got to my belt and unbuckled it with her expert skills once more. My dick was out in a flash and even faster that shit was swollen. I didn't know what it was about this woman but she had the juice for sure.

Her lips wrapped around my head and the paranoia really sunk in. With my back against my driver door and me facing away from the store I kept trying to look back over my shoulder to make sure nobody was coming. Her mouth kept taking my mind off the focus of not getting caught. I mean bruh, she really had a young whipper snapper weak in the knees. I could hear a few folks leaving out of the store and the excitement of getting caught made the situation all that much more thrilling. 

Trying to focus on your surroundings while A1 mouthpiece is servicing you is a hard thing to do. I could hear what seemed to be two or three people getting progressively closer. I couldn't bring myself to push her away though. My foot was making a real fist in my shoe. I was so close, just knew I was on the verge of getting caught.

"WILLIS YOU GOOD?" It sounded like Matt the other manger had called out to me.

"Oh...OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH... OH YEAH!" I shouted back

"OK SEE YOU TOMORROW!"

I wanted to respond but she started slurping my balls and jacking my dick, and that was all she wrote. My ass cheeks gripped my pants so damn tight, there was no turning back. As the euphoria grabbed me I threw my left hand up and dipped a little as she sucked every drop of nut from my dick. I was breathing hard like I just ran a mile.

She stood upright looked me in the eye, "I tink all is well my yute." She kissed my cheek and walked to her ride." She rode by and winked at me, I hadn't moved dick still out. She had me right back in my feelings. Honestly I gave zero fucks, I was poised to be her boy toy for however long she desired.