 My head has been on a constant swivel. I feel I am being watched at every turn, every corner, every hall way. Fucked up part is I really was kind of looking forward to my next encounter with... With ummmmm... Damn I couldn't even remember her name. But whatever it was, she had my ass gone. I was excited to go to work daily, not knowing what was to be expected. Even though my last few days had been disappointingly normal, my mind was steady running wild.

Honestly, the only place I was not as edgy, was on campus. Class was my mental down time, even though you would think with classes being intense in college it would be the total opposite. Not for me though, school always had come pretty easily and naturally for me. Today was Tuesday and I had two morning classes; calculus and world history. I was usually stoked about history as it's one of my favorite subjects. But today I was dragging after Cal. The Professor slapped on a video about WWI, just as everyone was pretty much seated.

Propping myself with a slight lean in my chair and my chin in my hands. I could hear really faint chatter under the volume of the video. But to me it was surprisingly interesting, kept my attention pretty well at least. It was about 30 mins in when shuffling started down the aisle from where I was sitting. I sat up from my slouched position, in anticipation to let whoever pass by. My efforts were thwarted, as they sat right next to me. I was struck by the scent instantly. 

Glancing over I did a double take. It was her... it was fucking her. Not knowing whether to run out of class, change seats, or stay put. To say I was shocked was an understatement. I mean how did she know where my class was, how did she know where I'd be sitting. Who in the fuck is she? My mind was racing a mile a minute and all the while she was just there smirking.

"What are you doing here?" I whispered.

"Mi a come ere ta teach yuh."

"Wha... What? Teach me what?" I was utterly confused.

"Hush yuh mouf look pon de video."

I turned back toward the screen, still in shock. There was so many questions and so few answers. Had no clue weather to be scared or turned on, my psyche was all fucked up. Trying to get back focused as I just knew there'd be a quiz next class on this very video. I noticed her in my peripheral when she shifted in her seat. I was trying my damnedest to ignore her but my dick had other thoughts. His ass was trying to pitch a tent at mere fact that she was here. I was internally coach myself like "dude you need to chill we not here for this." It was no use, he had his mind made up.

"Yuh aright?" she leaned over and whispered in my ear. I just nodded. "Well yuh keep squirmin' like a ting boderin' yuh."

"No really I'm ok." I whispered back.

"Yuh sure?" She grabbed my dick.

I really wasn't ok and she knew it. I couldn't even utter a syllable as she slid her hands down the gym shorts that did much of nothing to hide my erection. She navigated her hand through my shorts and the hole in my boxers. I knew I was pre-cumming before she even wrapped her hands around my package. I tried to fight the whimper that left my lips back. Her hands were so soft, and she knew just how to caress my dick. I became her puppet and she my puppet master. My head fell back and my legs cocked wide open. I promise I didn't want to but I had no control over my body. I felt my vocal chords rumble as moan was gear uedp to leave my mouth. My mouth shut tightly in attempt suppress the building moan. Didn't work though, it started off low and steady and before you know it mouth was wide open and moaning to the heavens.

"Hey man the fuck is wrong with you?" I was shoved abruptly.

Immediately I stood up disoriented. "Huh?" I questioned admittedly puzzled.

"Bruh what the fuck." Trey leaned away from me.

I looked down and saw my dick still rock hard and then looked to my left to find an empty seat. Quickly I looked to the door and there had been no movement anywhere. I'll be damn if wasn't all a dream. "Trey, my bad bro. It's this girl, well woman right, she came and borderline kidnapped me and had her way with me." I gave him the whole run down, I mean I had to look at the situation I was in. He looked at me in complete disbelief. I gave my explanation, but I could really care less what he thought at that moment.

I left class still struck by the damn day dream. Never had I known a woman could have such a hold on a man, let alone me. She even had a clutch on me in my dreams. I was really trippin'. I was at a real loss. I wasn't even safe in my own head, yet and still I was geeked about the whole thing. I have a real problem on my hands. Frankly I wasn't going to lift a finger to stop it. Kind of wish she popped up right now as I was crossing the campus.

"Willis." My train of thought had been interrupted. "Willie." I knew it was Bria, she was the only one that called me by that dreadful name, though admittedly when she moaned it, I loved it; outside of that I purely hated it. I slowed my pace to let her catch up to. "Hey boo." She snuck a kiss on my cheek. 

"Ummmm hey you." I was thrown a little honestly.

"Where you been bae? You been M.I.A. the last few days."

"Oh yeah, been in these books; class has been whooping my as. That plus work just been consumed you know."

"Oh I get it baby. Well is there anything I can do to help?"

"Naw, I think I have it under control. But thanks though, it's much appreciated."

"Well how about I help you relieve some stress." She ran her fingertip from my earlobe down my cheek and further on to my chest. I can't lie I was eager to see how she stacked up against Stacy, but as well I wanted to feel like I was in control again. Above all though, my day dream still had me on about 8 and a half. Before my mind was made up Bria was pulling me in the direction of her dorm room. I went along with no objection. 

We couldn't make it in the door good before she was clawing at my garments. I aided her in slipping my shirt over my head, then helped her remove hers. She didn't have a bra on so her titties were eyeing me pretty much as soon as her arms went up. Her tatas gave Megan Good a run for her money they were so damn pretty. Her nipples were small and perky with an areola that expanded maybe and inch and a half outside the nipple. She was a certified redbone, Bria was slim with a little shape and a tear drop booty. It surprised me the first time we got physical I can't lie, she had more booty meat than I thought.

The more clothes came off the more prevalent the beast within was becoming. I wasn't sure if she could tell but I knew I was about to give her the damn business. Usually our sessions started off playful and what not. However recent encounters with Stacy-Anne though, along with how deliberate Bria was being made for a strong cocktail of "I'm bout' to blow ya back out". I took a step to her and lifted her up in my grasp, instinctively her legs wrapped around my waist. I could feel her sopping wet pussy on my belly, she was primed for me. I wasted no time as I reached under and lined him. She gasped as the head of my dick parted her lips. She began slowly sitting down further on my piece. I gave a slight upward thrust to speed up the process, her nails dug into my back as she muffled her own scream. I didn't stop though, her antics were only fuel to the fire that was feeding this beast.

My arms locked behind her knees and she wrapped arms around my neck. Leaning her down, her back was practically horizontal to the floor as I stroked her pussy. "Take this dick" I called out to her." I was new to shit talk I was only mimicking what I'd seen on flicks, but I like how dominant it made me feel.

"I'm taking it" she replied out of breath. I leaned back upright and began moving toward the bed. I was walking and stroking that pussy at the same damn time. Once close enough to the bed, I jabbed that pussy one more time and tossed her from my dick on to the bed. She landed on her back with a bit of a confused look upon her face. She looked so good and innocent laying there, meanwhile I was on my King Kong shit. "Toot that motha fuckin ass up" I commanded.

"Yes Daddy." I had never been called daddy before. That shit sent a tingle up my spine. She turned over swiftly got on all fours and was looking back at me eagerly. I gave that ass a slap, it looked like it bounced in slow motion for me. I got up behind that ass and palmed the fuck out of her cheeks. I slide him in half way and began stroking her. She was still looking back at me. I'm not sure what she read on my face but she smiled at me. Which in turn motivated me to really start throwing the D. Reaching down I grabbed a fist full of her Poetic Justice braids and bottomed out in her pussy. She tried to dip her head down, but I pulled it back up to let her know I was in control. Her moans turned screams, letting me know I was in it deep. I loosened her braids and grasped her throat, leaned down and kissed her neck followed my teeth gripping her in the same spot. She moaned hella deep and her pussy gripped my shit so tight as her body began to shutter as she came. I was so lost in the sauce I almost didn't pullout in time. I released my clutch on her neck, pushed up and grabbed my dick. I skeeted all up her back as she collapsed on the bed. 

I stepped off the bed and stumbled a bit as I was light headed. I sat my naked ass on the cold tile floor and admired the work I put in. I truly was proud of myself, I felt like a real grown ass man for the first time in my life. I fucked her "grown man dick style." Glancing over I heard her snoring and I chuckled like "yep I put her ass to sleep." Once I got my bearings, I stood up and went into the restroom to get a warm rag to clean her off. It was done in such a fashion, her slumber was not disturbed. Couldn't help but think I was ready for the next time Stacy-Anne decided to roll up on ya boy.

"Yeah... I think we ready for her ass now."