 Boss Notices His Secretary... In A Different Light

It was late Friday afternoon. David was ready to leave the office. He wondered if Laura, his secretary of six months, had left yet. Probably not. In the time she'd been here, she'd worked more overtime than any of his employees. He didn't have anyone to go home to, and maybe she'd like to go get a drink.

He stepped into the outer office. Laura was putting away some files. He admired her slender figure, and the outfit she'd decided to wear for casual Friday -- a slinky black skirt that stopped at her knees, a leopard print shirt, and a sleek black leather jacket. Those long legs were clad in silk stockings and a pair of high heels.

David swallowed and reminded himself to breathe. At 41, he was sure of himself, but when it came to Laura . . .

"Laura," he said.

She turned around. "Yes, sir?" Then she noticed his briefcase and glanced at her watch. "I didn't realize it was already time to go. Let me finish here and I'll be out."

"There's no hurry, Laura," David said. He smiled at her, and Laura felt her knees go slightly weak. She'd already admired her handsome boss, but she figured at 23, she was no more than his secretary.

David set down his briefcase and stepped toward her. "Laura," he whispered. "Let me do something

I've been dreaming of for the past six months. . "

He placed his hands on her shoulders and turned her to face him.

Laura swallowed hard and dropped her eyes. "No, don't. Raise those pretty green eyes and look at me."

Laura slowly lifted her lids. David was looking at her with undisguised passion.

Then he leaned forward and kissed her. Laura closed her eyes and sighed into his mouth. He pushed his tongue into her mouth and twined it with hers. She clung to him.

He lifted her up and set her on the edge of her desk. Then he reached his hand under her skirt, finding the tops of her stockings. "The person who invented thigh highs is owed a thousand thank-yous," he said, and brushed his fingertips over her silk-covered pussy, reveling in the dampness he felt.

David was close to losing his control. He never expected Laura to be so physically responsive, as she reached down and covered the bulge in the front of his trousers with a hand.

"Mmmm, Mr. Gilbert," she sighed. "Your cock is so hard. It's just begging to be sucked."

"Call me David," he said hoarsely, as he eased her jacket off her shoulders and unbuttoned the leopard print shirt. He reached for the front opening clasp of her seafoam-colored bra. Her firm tits fell out, the nipples hard and erect.

David kept one hand on her pussy and began sucking her nipples. She moaned and began tugging

at the waistband of his trousers.

Soon, she had him down to his boxers and with a low growl, he bit her nipple and ripped off her panties, then thrust two fingers into her dripping pussy.

"Oh, yes . . . finger fuck my pussy, David!" Laura cried in ecstasy. David shoved a third finger in.

"God, Laura. Your pussy is so tight . . . hot and wet." He withdrew his fingers and licked the juices off his fingers.

The sight of that caused Laura to get off the desk and jerk his boxers down to his ankles. She took his hard, hot, pulsating cock in her hand, admiring it, then she took it deeply in her mouth.

David groaned deep in his throat, grabbing her by the hair and pushing her face into his groin. "Yesssss . . . oh, God, yes, Laura. Suck my cock. Ohhhhh, baby, yes."

Laura was thoroughly enjoying herself. She cradled his balls in one hand, feeling them start to swell, and knew he was going to blow his wad in her mouth. And she knew she was going to swallow it.

"Ohhhh, shit, I'm cummmmmmming!!!" David shouted, and shot stream after stream of sticky cum in her mouth. She gulped it eagerly.

Then she stood up and pulled her skirt up to her waist. She spread her legs and smiled at him. "Come on, baby," she cooed. "Take that big hard cock and put it in my pussy. Fuck me deep and hard with that gorgeous cock."

David didn't need to be asked twice. He stepped between her legs and thrust his cock into her waiting cunt.

Laura moaned aloud, and then leaned back against the desk as David began pumping his hips into hers. He put his hands on her hips and ground them into his.

"Oh, God, David! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Make me cum!"

"Yes, oh, God, yes, Laura!"

He pumped his dick into her harder and faster. She was meeting him thrust for thrust. 

David groaned, "Oh, God, Laura. You are so beau-tiful. Come on, baby, fuck me back. Squeeze that tight little cunt around my cock. Your cunt is so fucking hot! I love fucking you!"

"I'm going to cum!" Laura cried, pumping her hips against his.

"Come on, baby. Cum for me," David hissed between his teeth. "Gush that little pussy cream all over my cock."

Laura came, and came again. She was having multiple orgasms.

David couldn't believe his luck. Then he felt his balls beginning to swell again. This time, he knew he was going to blow his nut in her sweet little pussy.

"Oh, baby, I'm going to cum," he gasped.

"Cum, David! Blow your nut in my hot little cunt!" Laura yelled.

Pumping his hips into hers like a madman, he blew his nut into Laura's tight cunt just as she came again. Then he collapsed against her, both of them sweating, on the desk.

"That was wonderful, boss," Laura sighed, pushing

her sweat-soaked brown curls off her face, then snuggling against him.

"I agree with you, Laura. But let me tell you something, my sweet little secretary. I have a new project for you, and it's going to take lots and lots of overtime!"