 Here I sit having a beer. After last night I could spend the rest of my life before I'd find sexual satisfaction again! Just where am I going to find another three good looking women that will keep me 'UP' for 4 hours. I mean three pussies that loved my tongue, three pair of beautiful breasts -one pair with fresh milk- , and all I had to do was get them off. All of them each three times. I was so hard for so long that when they tied me to the bed for their finally I begged to cum. My balls and cock had been choked by a leather strap for 4 hours. Every time the pressure would push out a little cum they would lick or suck it up like whipped cream on a sundae. Tied and helpless they released the strap with all six tits hanging over my pulsing cock, then they waited for the explosion. My cum rumbled deep in my balls and shot up the shaft without a single stroke. Their tits and faces were covered with my cum. 

Just what could I expect to find in the same bar tonight? Why did I even come down from my room? Wanda the same barkeep was on duty. I ordered a K-Red beer and as she set it down she ask "How was last night? Were the girls good to you?" Shit, she knew! Or was she just fishing? "I had the best sex of my life" I replied. "Well Brenda said you were the best they ever had!" Wanda exclaimed! "Do they do this often?" I asked. Oh, -- about once a month. But, until last night, they never got what they were looking for!" she replied and then walked over to another customer. 

Well, I'll just suck down a few beers and then go hit the sack. A little action at the door? Very tall-must be over 6 ft! Short butch-cut blond hair. Slim but a real perky pair and jeans-- so tight. Dam she must have been poured in to them. I turned my head to watch her go by and head for the restroom. Dam nice ass! A hitch in the walk - her cheeks giggle just a bit with each step. I wouldn't push her out of bed! 

"That's Tammy" the barkeep interjected. Dam she caught me! Dumb! "She just went in there so she could check you out" implied Wanda. "She is a little shy and self-conscious about her height, but if you buy her a drink she'll warm up fast!" She suggested. "Are you hooking me up?" I asked. "I guess I am! She is my friend and, just once, I'd like her to get laid by the right guy! You know?" she replied. "So– I'm the right guy?" I questioned. "I think you are!" she replied. 

Tammy came out of the rest room! Her breasts had the same giggle as her ass. I don't think I even noticed when she came in. She walked over and leaned up over the bar beside me and whispered something to Wanda. Wanda replied "Yes! — Tammy this is Jim Beam - Jim this is Tammy Lee" "Hi Jim! She greeted me. "Hi Tammy! Nice to meet you. What are you drinking?" I replied as she sat down beside me. "I'll have a Bourbon. Make it Jim Beam! Straight Up and a beer chaser" she barked at Wanda and then looked over at me to see if I caught the "Jim Beam". I smiled to let her know. Dam this gal drinks like a construction worker! "Is that ok?" she said with raised eyebrows. "Sure! A n y t h i n g you want!" I exclaimed. She got the message! "Anything?" she asked as she laid her hand between my legs. "A n y t h i n g!" I replied. "I'm not the owners wife so it won't be the penthouse tonight!" she warned. 

Shit does everyone know I got laid last night? The owners wife? Which one of the three? 

"No problem. I have a nice room! And if the bed isn't big enough we can use the floor!" I casually replied - never letting on that I didn't know one of them was the owners wife. "Wanda,-- ---- room?" Tammy said and then looked my way for the answer. "308" I blurted. "Send up a couple beers in a little while" Tammy continued. "You got it" Wanda replied.

She downed the bourbon, took one sip of beer and almost ran out the door. "Wanda put the tab on my room! Ok?" I hollered as I ran to catch up. On the elevator Tammy planted a wet kiss on me and held it until the doors opened. "I just wanted to make sure that I was not just going to be a 10 minute fuck" Tammy said as we got off the elevator. "I don't work that way" I replied as I brushed her firm ass with my hand. "That's good! I hate it when I go out with the girls and get stuck with what's left. I hate letting some guy maul me just so THEY can get some hunk they want. Just once I want to be in control! Can I?" she pleaded. "Honey you can have it anyway you want it" I told her as I opened the door to my room. 

"Take it slow and easy. I want it slow and easy." Tammy said as she unbuttoned by shirt–only the top three buttons-- and then ran her hands in side. Gently caressing my hairy chest and lightly pinching both nipples between thumb and finger of each hand. "Just like that! Ok?" she whispered. I nodded as she finished the buttons and pushed the shirt off my shoulders. 

I gently unbuttoned her blouse. Just the first three buttons! My hands entered and fondled her firm breasts. No bra and none needed!. As I gently pinched her nipples she moaned with pleasure. Her breasts were just barely larger than my hands and widely separated with no natural cleavage. Lifting each one slightly I gave them a gentle squeeze forming just a hint of cleavage. Again she moaned as she released my belt. My trousers fell to the floor. I stepped out of them, kicked off my shoes leaving only my long-leg briefs and socks. With just a slight push her blouse fell to the floor. Her breasts were magnificent, Firm, bigger than softballs, smaller than cantaloupes, a wonderful handful. I kissed her lightly on the lips then on the neck, slowly moved down between her breasts then, continued kissing and licking all the way down to her navel which got my tongues best. 

The button on her jeans popped with ease but getting them down was another thing altogether. She laid back on the bed and helped push them down. We peeled them like skin off an orange. When I was releasing them I saw her panties had come off with them. There! A perfectly shaven pair of pussy lips with a small light blond tuft of neatly trimmed hair on the mound above. I just had to get my tongue into her! I gently kissed the inside of her thighs until she opened wide to receive my mouth. As I kissed and gently rolled each lip in and out of my mouth she put her legs over my shoulders. "Eat me! Eat me until I cum!" she moaned as she pressed my head tight between her long legs .

The sweet smell of her love box was overwhelming so I pushed my tongue deep inside. Her hips were rising and falling pumping my tongue like it was a cock. I could fell her orgasm building deep in her loins! Just as she was ready I slipped my tongue out and mounted my lips over her clit. Sucking her clit brought her too violent convulsions which lasted for ever.

Exhausted, her legs slid off my shoulders and parted wide. As I pulled back and watched her pulsing pussy. Her thick clear pussy juice was stringing down on to the bed spread. "That was great! Your every bit as good as Susan said!" Tammy moaned. 

"Lay back and let me take down your shorts. I want to taste you! " She whispered. Knock — Knock. Dam who is that at the door? "That must be our drinks" Tammy remarked. Slipping on my robe and making sure to close and tie the front, - I at least had to try and hide my woody-, I went to the door. Looking out the peep hole I saw a woman with a package. As I opened the door I saw it was Wanda, the barkeep. "Hi Jim. Brought you a couple beers. Are you ok Tammy?" she remarked. "I'm fine! Thanks Wanda" came from the bed. "Let me take those in and get you some money" I requested. "Oh that's ok! They're on me. I brought you something extra" Wanda exclaimed as she displayed a leather ball and cock strap with three snaps. "I though you may need this to help you last the night" Wanda implied. "Gee don't even know how to put it on but thanks" I shyly replied. "You'll figure it out" she said with a big smile. Then Wanda reached under my robe, grabbed my balls and with a real firm grip and whispered "You treat her right! Got it?" As she released the pressure she pumped my cock a couple times. "I'll take good care of her!" I replied. "Bye Tammy. Need anything?" Wanda hollered at Tammy. "I'm fine. Thanks again. See you tomorrow for lunch. " Tammy hollered back. 

As I came back to the night stand Tammy whispered "Put them in the ice for later. You've got what I want to taste right now. She pulled the tie, pushed the robe to the floor, grabbed my cock with both hands, and pulled me to the bed side. "Let me put the beer on ice! and Wanda gave me this" I said as I displayed the leather strap. "Yea! Wanda knows best!" Tammy whispered. "I have never put one of these on. Got any ideas?" I remarked. "What? I thought you had one on last night!" She inquired. I just stared at her! " ---- Oops! Guess that gives us girls away. Don't it?" She shyly remarked. "That's ok! I would have missed a fine night with you if you girls didn't talk! But, either Debby or Susan put it on. All I remember was the pleasure of being nearly at climax for hours. "Give it here and I'll put it on!" barked Tammy "As I handed it to Tammy she whispered "I want this tight so you last all night ---- but I don't want to hurt you so yell if I pinch something."

With one hand Tammy gently held my balls and hard cock and with the other she guided the strap under them. She let go of my balls and pulled the strap tight, then - snapped it in the second position. Guess I wasn't big enough for the largest setting. She then slipped her fingers under the strap and gently pushed away the hair that was trapped. It hurt a little because her finger made the strap much tighter and the hair pulled. After last night I knew the pleasure would be worth the slight discomfort! Then she unsnapped it, firmly pulled it even tighter and re- snapped it in the smallest position. "WoW I don't think I'll let anything through that" I exclaimed. "Well lets find out" Tammy whispered just before she took the head of my cock in her mouth.

I already had some pre-cum and she lapped it up like it was whipped cream on a sundae. She pulled off, Stood up and delivered an open mouth kiss. Her tongue rolled in my mouth and then I got the salty taste of my cum that she saved for me! As she finished the kiss she swallowed the rest and exclaimed "I wanted you to taste just a little of my treat. "Now lay down on your back, feet on the floor, and let me see if we have any more leaks down there!" 

In position as instructed, Tammy spread my legs, kneeled down between them and pulled me toward her. She played with my balls. They were loose in the sack! I guess the strap kept them from tightening up like they usually do. She slipped her hand up and squeezed my cock as if to stop me from cumming to soon. . "I don't think anything can get passed the strap. But your hand still feels great." I whispered. She held on tight while she licked and sucked my balls. I was near climax and would have blown my load right passed her hand but the strap had it choked off. That normally split second pleasure just before shooting my load had already lasted for minutes. She just kept sucking my balls. "Oops we have a leak!" she whispered as she passed her finger over the head. 

She took the head of my throbbing cock in her mouth and again lapped up the small amount of pre-cum. But this time she keep lapping and sucking. Her hand played with my balls as she sucked my cock in and out of her mouth. At first her short strokes just took its head and ever so slowly got longer. The head of my cock was hitting the back of her throat. I was at climax and yet the strap held the cum in check. This is, by far, the best blow job I've ever got! She pulled back and took my cock in one hand and rapidly stroked it. "Lets see what we can get out of this" She remarked as she swallowed what little cum had got through. 

I was cumming! I could feel it down deep in my balls! The strap would never hold this! It had to come out! She just smiled and kept jacking faster and faster. "Come on – You can do it. Give me some cream!" she said with an exciting whisper. "Here it cums!" I grunted. But, nothing but a small drop flicked off on to my leg. Tammy just stroked faster and licked up the drips as they flicked off. Then It happened the cum was rising through my cock like an oil well getting ready to blow! Tammy knew. With one final downward stroke she released her grip and grabbed my balls. She squeezed them firmly and said "Now baby! Give Tammy Lee your cream! Now Baby!" The cum bubbled from my cock. Just bubbled! No explosion! No Cum shooting through the air. Just bubbling. It never stopped! Felt so good I almost passed out! Shit I did pass out! I must have because the next thing I new Tammy was rocked back on her heels and licking my cum off her hands. "Alright baby?" she inquired between slurps. My cum was running down my balls and onto the bed. "Yes? — Yes! I'm in heaven!" I mumbled. "Well lets get you cleaned up and have a beer" she said as she leaned forward and started licking the cum from my balls and the sides of my still stiff cock. It would have been all over for the night if it weren't for the strap! I couldn't believe I was sill hard and ready for more!

She stopped licking and slid her slim body up between my legs. Her fine firm tits, widely separated, hung down magnificently. With any other woman the view would have stopped at her touching tits or at best at her hanging gut. With Tammy the view went all the way down to her finely trimmed patch. She laid down on me and gave me another open mouth kiss filled with my cum! "Now for that beer" she said as she raised up and walked over to the bucket of ice.

I sat up and swallowed the salty cum while she opened the twist top bottles and handed one to me. "Ahhhhhhhhhhh that tastes good" she said. "Ahhhhhh sure does" I replied. As we drank our beers, Tammy told me that she was an Electrician's assistant and that all the men she met just wanted a quick "slam-bang-thank you-ma'am" and that she never has been satisfied during sex. "They just think I'm rough and ready when they look at me" she said shyly. She told me that until tonight she has never had an orgasm with a man. "When I unloaded in your mouth I knew I was with the right man" she remarked. "Thanks Honey" I replied. "I just had to fulfill my fantasy to jack and suck you off. The strap just made it all the better" She exclaimed. With that I figured it was all over for the night. 

But, I still had a yearning deep in my loins. I had a hard-on that just wouldn't quit. Thank God she wasn't done yet! "Would you eat my pussy again? Can I sit on your face? I need to cum again!" she requested shyly. "Yes - Yes! Any way you want it baby!" I replied. "Later? But right now can we just lay together and fondle for a while?" she shyly asked. "Sure" I replied and lightly kissed her on the cheek. "You're the sweetest" she replied as we stripped the bed cover off and rolled in to bed. 

Her body was perfect for hugging. Her lips were right there to kiss and my cock fit perfectly in the void between her legs. With every move her pussy lips would spread open and my cock would spread slide along her slit. I think the head must have been pushing on her clit because she kept contracting and releasing her stomach. "That feels so good" she whispered. With another contraction her whole body started to shake! "Oh my god! I'm cumming! I'm Cumming! I'm Cumming!" she screamed. Dam this girl was so sex starved that rubbing a cock on her pussy lips made her cum! As her orgasm slowed she rolled me on my back and slid on top. Placing her pussy over my cock she sat up straight and it went plunging into her sloppy cunt! Clear up to my balls! I think they may have been in her too! It only took two almost negligible pumps and she was shaking all over again. I grabbed both her tits and squeezed them together. Between my thumbs and fingers I pinched both nipples firmly and rolled them back and forth. She moaned and shook and shook! "Again? I'm cumming again! Oh my god!" she moaned. Her cum was all over the place. She raised herself and it ran out of her cunt like hand cream from a squeeze bottle. None of it was mine but I wanted it to be! It just couldn't get passed the strap! "Honey you are the best" she shyly whispered and rolled off. We hugged and kissed for what must have been a half an hour. This night is surely over! She is spent! I should give her a bath and hang her out to dry!

"I think I'm ready. Are you?" she whispered in my ear. "Ready?" I questioned. "I'm ready to sit on your face honey! Don't you want to?" she questioned. I still had a volcano of something that wanted to get out and she wants me to eat her! "Sure baby. Let me get my head propped up. Your legs are far to long for me to reach your pussy." I replied. "Put your head on this pillow as close to the edge as possible. I'll stand on the floor. That will make it easier!" Situated she spread her legs and leaned in over the side of the bed. Perfect my lips were sucking the cum off her dangling pussy lips. "How is that?" she asked as she took my cock in her mouth. I couldn't answer! I just found her hard clit and sucked it between my lips. I couldn't help a little nibble with my teeth! She jumped a little and sucked my cock even harder. 

Every few seconds I'd slip back a little, burry my tongue deep in her pussy and then nibble one or both of her pussy lips before returning to her clit. Her ass would wiggle every time I did it! Then just when I got back to her clit for the 8th or 9th time she just started pumping her clit in and out of my lips. I got the message and sucked it hard. Deep in my balls was a rumbling that just wouldn't wait any longer! Her cum was all over my face and even up my nose. It smelled so good! She let my cock slip out and moaned "I want to cum with you! Please let me cum with you" Just then her ass began to wiggle her tits were swinging, nipples just rubbing my stomach. 

She grabbed my balls and then the snap popped! My balls tightened instantly! She was shaking so bad her mouth couldn't find my cock and I couldn't keep her clit between my lips. The eruption of my life began deep in my balls and raced up my cock. Tammy let go with a gusher! My cock burst its load just as her lips found the head. I blew cum up into her mouth and although she tried to swallow she had me so deep in side that she could only open up and let it run out of her mouth! Her cum was running down my face! It even ran in my ears. I couldn't believe it. Any other woman would have closed her legs tight but Tammy still had her legs spread wide. 

That's when I figured out that her feet were so far apart to get low enough for me that she couldn't close them. Just then she collapsed on top of me. I had mouth and nose suffocating in cunt and she wasn't moving. I pushed and she still didn't move. I had to do something! She was too heavy to just push off so just as I ran out of air I rolled her off. She slid to the floor with a thump. My God she had passed out! Shit what do I do? 

I rolled her limp body over and checked for a pulse. Just then she woke up! "WoW I thought you were dead" I exclaimed. "What happened? How did I get down here?" she asked with cum dripping from her mouth. "You passed out!" I replied "I couldn't get my breath and then my mouth was full of cum and I couldn't breath! I must have passed out from the lack of air!" she said calmly. "Well stay there for a while. You scared me" I exclaimed. "I'm ok" she said. "Give me a bath? She shyly questioned.

As I ran the water in the tub I kept checking on her. She was alright! She slowly slipped into the tub and I kneeled beside soaping every inch of her fine body. I payed extra attention to her tits and pussy of course. I rinsed her with the spray handle and without a word she raised up and stepped out. I could have washed her for an hour but she was pointing for me to get in. I slid in and she washed me everywhere except my crouch. "I was saving this for last" she said as she slid her hand over my balls and stroked my cock. To my surprise it popped right up. "Now we are going to have to do something about that" she said. "Oh?" I remarked. "Stand up" she barked and as I did she stepped in with me. 
