 "It's about time" I mumble to my self as the conference ends for the day. 2 more days of this and my mind will be fried. Along with the last two nights of sex I just won't make it through the week. Monday night it was three hot middle aged babes that tied my balls and made me a pussy eating slave for over four hours before they popped the ball and cock strap and watched as I blew my load all over their tits and faces. That was the night I thought would be the standard for sex that I would spend the rest of my life looking for again. 

Then there was Tuesday night with Tammy a 6 ft, slim, electrician with trim hard body and cantaloupe tits. She wanted it slow and easy. My cock and balls strapped tight we sucked,. licked and diddled our way through four of her orgasms. She even passed out at the climax of a 69. Then during an after shower, her ass in my hands, and pinned to the shower wall we fucked until I blew an unrestricted load in to her climaxing pussy. I was late for my conference this morning and I'm walking slow! Tonight I'm going to bed! No fuckin women! I can't take any more! After all I'm 54 years old.

As I pass by the lounge I peek in to see if Wanda, the barkeep that set me up both nights, -well at least last night, was behind the bar. Yep, there she was just taking over from the day shift. Na, I'm not going in! The elevator reaches the third floor and I'm passed temptation. Just hit the shower and then crash for the night! 

With a cloud of steam coming from the bathroom and my cloths in a pile, I entered the bath room and slipped into the hot refreshing flow. For over 30 minutes I just let the relaxing water run over my body! Totally refreshed I finally washed, and rinsed. I just flopped on the bed and rolled the bedspread over me.

Knock, Knock ---- Knock, Knock. Is that my door? I notice the clock, Its 8 O'clock. I slept for over 2 hours. Knock, Knock. Yep that's my door. While grabbing my robe, I hollered "Just a second!" My robe just hanging off my shoulders and gaping open in the front I opened the door. Opps, I grabbed my robe and pulled it closed but it was too little late. She was standing there with her mouth wide open. Yep- she got an eye full! "Sorry! 

What can I do for you? "Wanda sent a couple beers up" she mumbled. My stare must have keyed her next "Wanda the bar tender?" 

"Oh yea. Sorry I was catching some shuteye" 

"I'm sorry I shouldn't have disturbed you" 

"No that's ok. Let me get you some money" 

I turned and walked back to the dresser. Dam my wallet! Dam where is it? Oh in my pants! I bent over and retrieved my pants and wallet. When I turned around she was right behind me! Shit that was the second time I showed this seemingly shy but subtly cute little woman my privates. Well this was her fault she should have stayed in the hall! I held out a 10 spot and reached for the beers in her hand. "They're on Wanda" she said. 

"For your trouble then?" 

"No thanks" she replied shyly. "After all I've already got paid twice" 

And then she gave me a wink! I took the beer to the Ice bucket but it was empty. "Can I go get you some ice?" she enquired. "Well--sure that would be nice. I sure don't want to go down the hall this way!" I said.

Before I finished she had grabbed the Ice bucket from my hand, turned and walked out the door wiggling her cute little ass as she turned the corner. I stepped to the door and watched this 5 ft, maybe 30ish little gal bounce down the hall like a 13 year old. Her blond hair was long and brushed the top of her beautifully shaped ass. Her skirt was short, real short, her cheeks just barely showing as the skirt slid up and down with each step. She dipped the ice and hurried back. I stared at her small B or maybe B+ breasts bouncing, all the way back. She definitely didn't have a bra on under that tight sweater. 

As she got to the door she moved the ice to one hand, smiled and said "I see you like!" Shit, my cock was sticking straight out through the crack in my robe. She reached out and grabbed it with her cold hand, smiled from ear to ear, shook it like she was shaking hands and said "Hi Jim I'm Bonny" My cock just wilted! 

"Ouuuuuuu that must have been cold" she sighed. "We'll just have to warm you back up" she remarked. She let go, rounded the open door and put the beer on ice. "I waited for over an hour at the bar before Wanda suggested I come up! Can I stay? She said very shyly I paused! "Please! They told me you were the sweetest lay in the state ----. I really need to get laid!" she whispered in my ear. 

"I really wanted to get some rest honey. Not that you"----- I started and then stopped. What is rule #1? -- Never kick a woman out of bed, unless there is more room on the floor! Nope there ain't nothing there about being sexed out and too tired! 

"Sure but we have to go slow. Ok?" "O-K!" I'll treat you real good — Real GOOD " she exclaimed! She reached up to my chest, spread the robe open and ran her hands slowly over my nipples, down my love handles, and stopped with one ball in each of her tiny hands. "How is that?" she inquired as she lightly squeezed and rolled them between her fingers. "Ummmmmmmmm I hope I'll be worth your trouble." I replied with a big smile. "From what I here, I'm sure you'll do just fine!" Bonny whispered. 

With that she pushed me back on the bed, dropped to her knees and started to kiss my cock. With one hand she held it tight and gently kissed and sucked it's head. I never though that I'd be feelin like poppin a load tonight, but I could feel that it wasn't going to long before this gal would have a mouth full of my cum. Woooooo! The strap! It worked two nights in a row! Why not tonight? 

"Hold up honey! I have something to help me keep it until your ready!" I told her. She pulled back and then went down on the head and sucked the first of my pre-cum out! "Now, lets see what you have?" she replied. I reached in the night stand and got the strap. "What's that for?" she asked. "It's a Cock and Ball strap. Fastens tight around my balls and holds my climax." I said 

"Ummmm Put it on tight honey! I make it last all night!" she remarked. I reached down and while she held my balls up I tried to get it to snap. It just wouldn't snap. It wasn't long enough! My balls had tightened and my sack was like shrink wrap. I couldn't get the strap under without one or both balls sliding out. Finally It was in place but in the last snap. "I can't get it any tighter. My balls are already up tight and they need to be hanging down in the sack" I told her. "That's ok lets have the beer and then we'll tighten it up" she whispered. Then she licked the next drop of pre-cum off its head.

We opened the beer and as we drank she told me that she was a secretary for the hotel. She said that she had a hard time finding good sex because she was so small. "Only 4ft 8" she said. Lifting her sweater over her head "and these are so small too. I can't even find a bra – well one that fits" she remarked. "They're just fine honey!" I remarked "Your just so sweet, but I know you men all like big ones. When I heard that you laid Tammy I just had to see if you would go a little smaller" she said shyly. "I'll leave now if you want" she said with tears running down her face. 

"Honey come here. Whip those off your face. Your tits are going to get the best sucking they have ever had! Right here! Tonight!" She stood in front of me as I sat on the edge of the bed. Perfect I just opened my legs reached out and pulled her to me. My face was buried between her tits. They really weren't that small I think my B was about right. I just squeezed them between my hands and licked the cleavage. She moaned in gratitude. I sucked her nipples taking a nibble once and a while. Soon she was bucking between my legs. Still sucking her nipples, I reached behind, unzipped her skirt and slid it down over her tight ass, letting it fall to her ankles.

She was a commando woman (no panties) with an untrimmed bush! When I squeezed her ass with both hands she moaned with pleasure. From behind I probed her pussy. In just seconds she blurted "I'm ready". Ready for my cock? Ready for my tongue? What did she have in mind? None of the above! Just seconds later she flooded my finger with her cum! Now, I've had a few women cum fast but never have I got one to cum buy sucking her nipples. 

She held my head to her breasts encouraging me to continue well past her orgasm. Her nipples had grown long and thick. They were perfect for sucking. Surely this gal couldn't have any trouble getting a guy to suck these luscious pacifiers! It was a good ten minutes after her orgasm when I stopped sucking and began fondling her tits. "Don't stop! Please Don't stop! I'm almost ready to cum again! Please! I want to cum again!" she begged. 

With that I stuck a nipple back in my mouth and another finger up her pussy! She fucked my fingers with little short strokes until she cam again. This time the orgasm lasted much longer! Slowly she released my head and I let her now pacifier sized nipple slip from my mouth. "Thank you - thank you" she whispered as she backed away from my lips. I got another fine view of her un-shaved pussy. Not even a trim! She had a full brier patch. Dam I hate hair between my teeth! She saw me staring and inquired "You'd like it shaved--Wouldn't you?" I lied — "Its fine honey! Really it's fine." I told her. "I brought a razor! I'll shave it for you! I really want to try it shaved!" she exclaimed. I lied again – "I like it!" I said "No I'm going to shave it! I'm going to do it! Will you wait?" "I can wait but – another half hearted lie— it is just fine honey" I pleaded. Her cute ass cheeks bouncing, she ran to her purse and pulled out a disposable razor. Then skipped into the bathroom. "Ok honey shave it but first let me give you a bath so it is soft and ready." I pleaded. "You would do that? Yes - yes give me bath!" she exclaimed loud enough for the hole floor to hear. While I drew the bath she just stood there with her shoulders hunched inward pushing her breasts together. Her luscious pacifiers swollen and hard. She had the look of a young girl fantasizing about growing into a woman. 

I directed her to the bath. She held on to the razor like it was first prize in a contest. "I'm really going to do it. I am!" she remarked as she slid into the tub. I gently washed every curve, teasing nipples and pussy lips alike with slow and repetitive strokes. I rinsed her with the hand shower and looked into her eyes to see if she was ready. 

"I don't know how? I mean - I don't know where to start?" she sighed with tears running down her face. "Quit that! Please stop crying! I'll shave it if you'll let me!" I told her. She just smiled. "Ok sit up on the side of the tub! And let me get in there." As she slid up on to the tub edge I got my glycerin soap from my shaving kit. " I don't think you brought any shaving cream! This is what I use to shave." I remarked as I climbed in to the tub and knelt down before her. I rubbed the soap into her bush then realized that the razor would hang in the long hair and rip it out by the roots. I got back out of the tub, fumbled though my shaving kit until I found a small pair of medical scissors and returned. "I think we need a trim before the razor can do its job" I told her. 

I snipped the tangled briers and let the blond clippings fall into the tub. The brier batch reduced to stubble it was obvious that this was no little girl. She had a mound of soft vulva a woman twice her size would have been proud of. Again I soaped her for shaving. She watched as I gently pushed aside the firm mounds that enclosed her labia. I stroked upward removing her stubble leaving a smoothness such as she hadn't see since she was 12. When I got her pussy shaved I looked up to see what she wanted to do with the mound. She said "All of it! "I want it all gone!" 

I just couldn't do that. I hate a bare mound so I shaved in from both sides, leaving a thin line (what I call an explanation point). It started just below her panty line and dipped into her lips. "This is the way I like it" I said as I rinsed her off with the hand shower. "If you don't like it I'll shave the rest". "I Want to see! Do you have a mirror?" "No honey and the mirror above the sink is too high" I told her. She got out and found the mirror on the back of the closet door! I followed. "I like it! I love it! Thanks - Thanks so much!" she said. She was crying again! This time I brushed the tears away, reached behind, locked my hands around her ass, lifted her up and kissed her lightly on the lips. She locked her arms around me and laid an open mouth kiss on me that never stopped until my cock ached with desire. I put her down and she took another look at her shaved pussy. "Yes! I like it! Thank you " she exclaimed then reached up and kissed me on the cheek!

With her watching in the mirror I kneeled behind her and spread her tightly latched lips wide open. I didn't want to miss anything so my eyes were glued to the mirror as well. "Oh my! My clit is hanging out! I've never even seen it before!" She said as she reached down and rubbed it with her finger? "I want to watch you eat me! I mean I want to see your tongue on my clit! I mean – fuck I don't know what I mean! I just want to see you lick my clit! I just don't know how." she blurted. I let her lips go and tried to position my head between her legs but she couldn't see. 

I told her that I would have to hold her upside down! "Ok I'll try! I really want to see! She replied. With her hands on the floor I wrapped my arms around her from behind and raised her sweet ass to my face. With her legs over my shoulders her pussy was wide open and both she and I could see it clearly in the mirror. My tongue reached out and flicked her slit! Stroke after stroke I licked it from behind. She watched! "Faster! Faster!" She screamed. I tried but all I could do was flick it so I Plunged my tongue in her wide open pussy hole! It was closer, I could fuck it easily and I did! In and out in time with every moan from below! When she climaxed I pushed the juice forward over her clit. She and I watched as it ran through the thin line of trimmed hair and filled her belly button and then dripped on to her chin. "Oh my! She exclaimed as I let her down for a rest! 

She directed me back to the bed. My cock was pulsing up and down and the strap that I installed earlier held it snugly but it wasn't going to hold the impending load I was building. I sat down, and pulled the strap to its smallest position. The pain was intense but I knew from the two past nights I would be rewarded with pleasure and even ecstasy. When the pain subsided looked up at her standing there watching. I slid back on the bed and she followed by kneeling over me. I reached up and fondled her breasts. "I'm going to fuck you!" she whispered as she raised up and then sat straight down on my cock. No hands just jammed it right up her tight cunt.

Tight! She was tighter than any woman I'd ever fucked. "I'm on the pill so don't pull out! I want all of you honey!" Now that going to be tough to get with the strap on! "I'm going to make you cum!" she said as she started bouncing up and down. Her pussy was so tight and my cock wanted to blow but just like the last two nights the strap choked it off and kept me at climax. I was in pure ecstasy! Pinching her nipples had to be hurting her but every time I stopped she slowed down and I wanted her to make me blow something passed the strap so I kept pinching. 

"Do you really like my tits?" she moaned. Then before I could answer her face went blank and she stopped bouncing! Her pussy was throbbing or was that my cock! Either way she was cumming and cumming hard. It was her pussy! I'm sure because her tight belly was pumping in and out like she was doing setups! She laid down on top of me and pushed her legs out straight forcing my cock to fling out. Her cum was running down my legs and over my balls! She didn't even know where she was! Her ass was bouncing up and down with nothing inside her and with every bounce more cum squirted on to my balls. 

"Oh my ----- that was great!" She said between breaths. "Did you cum?" she inquired. "No baby. Almost! The strap has it trapped" I relied. She rolled off and onto her back. "Come on! Mount me! Your going to cum or I'm going to pass out!" She insisted. I rolled on top, reached down to pop the strap but she stopped me. "No! I want to work for it!" she insisted. I pushed my cock in her sloppy cunt and with my arms I kept much of my 200 pounds off her tiny body. With every stroke she came up to meet me! I'm not that big in the cock area but I had to be hitting bottom. Then I felt it deep in my balls a rumble of cum that just had to burst through. 

Suddenly I felt the strap pop and all the pressure was gone. My load shot through the unrestricted path and deep into her cunt. She squirmed uncontrollably but I couldn't stop it. I raised up and my cock popped out still squirting cum. She moved so fast I didn't even see how but the next thing my cock was in her mouth and I was fucking it just like I fucked her pussy. My cum just kept pumping out. I rolled off and looked at the damage I'd done. Cum was running out the sides of her mouth. Bonny's tits were covered in my cum. Her stomach had blotches of cum on it! And her pussy was pulsing up and down pumping both my and her cum out from between her lips! I must have shoot streams of cum for at least 20 seconds! "I need another bathe" she said calmly. "How about a shower? That way I can wash the cum out of your hair!" I encouraged. "Yea I'd like that!" she whispered.

With bare hands we slowly and erotically washed each other! I sat on the side of the tub and washed her hair. It took for ever to dry but when finished we crawled into the other bed and slept until the 7 O'clock alarm awakened us at. She dressed and said good bye with a passionate kiss. I headed for my conference. Late again. I'll be lucky if they pay me for this trip and I don't care! I just had the three best nights--ever!