 Its Thursday and the 4th day of the conference is over. I'm a 54 year old communications engineer, married 31 years with one daughter who's finishing her PHD. These technical conferences review old and boring technology. I always try to avoid them but the boss is always right so it's the 4th one this year. However, this trip has been exceptional. Not for the conference! For the sex! Each night I have had at least one beautiful woman suck and fuck me to exhaustion. Tonight I'm not doing any of that stuff. I need dinner and some good sleep! I said that last night! That was before I met Bonny, a petite 30ish, blue eyed babe with blond hair down to her tight and pretty ass. 

She --- brought beer to my room. Between a couple accidents that gave her peeks at my equipment and her eagerness to get laid, I had no choice but to deliver my best effort. 4 hours later she had cum 5 times and I had one awesome explosion. Some where between the sex, she even finagled me into shaving her pussy. We drank the beer too! 

Not tonight! I hit the shower, got changed and headed for dinner! By-the-way, I haven't eaten dinner in three nights. While servicing three hot babes on Monday night dinner never even crossed my mind! They kept me hard for 4 hours just so I'd be their pussy licking, tit sucking slave. This was the first time I've ever wore a cock and ball strap. They insisted so I wouldn't cum before they were ready! At the end they tied me to the bed so I couldn't even get myself off. With six tits hanging over my throbbing cock they popped the strap and waited! Just hung their tits out and waited! Not so much as a kiss or stroke for my cock but I was so excited it still blew cum all over their tits and faces! Up until Monday I've never cum that hard! 

Tuesday night it was, Tammy, a 6ft electrician, that made me forget dinner! She sucked and jacked me off right through my new cock and ball strap! 

Not tonight I'm headed for dinner! As I rounded the corner at the elevator a well dressed 40ish woman rose from the couch and approached the elevator just as I did. As we stepped on she sighed and in a sexy Marilyn Monroe voice, said "Good evening" 

"Good evening! Going down?" 

She nodded in the affirmative. She was dressed to kill! Short but well fashioned blond hair. Surly died but not a dark root to confirm it! A Long slim black dress with a low square neck line showed an inch or so of an ivory camisole - Satin? - No silk! It revealed more than enough cleavage to let everyone know she had a fine pair of D's The curve fitting skirt was split up the front clear to her cunt! The insides of her legs showing all the way up to darkness. "Going out for the night?" I whispered as I looked her over. When I raised my eyes to meet hers I got a big smile! Now I'm a harmless old fart at best! Although I'm one of the best pussy eaters on the planet there is no way this hot piece of ass could know that! Or could she? 

Just how far does Wanda's lunch bunch reach? Wanda is the hotel barkeep. By this time I was convinced she had set me up each of the past three nights. As the doors opened she offered "I'm going to Alfredo's. How does pasta sound?" 

"Is that an invitation? Are you asking me out?" 

"Why - yes! You got to eat to gain strength for tonight!" 

She sported a smirk. A smirk that said "I'm going to fuck your brains out!" 

"Ok—! My name is Jim, Jim Beam" 

"I know! Like the Bourbon" 

"Yours?" I enquired. 

"Connie - Just Connie" 

"Your car or mine?" 

"Mine" she answered and nodded at the white Limo. Chauffeur and all! "Good evening Ms Connie and Sir." he greeted "Alfredo's William" Connie commanded. We slid in and he shut the door with a "Yes ma'am". She pushed a button that closed the dark privacy window. With her legs open, the split of her skirt was showing much more than leg. She saw me looking and remarked "I always go commando! I don't wear any! They just get in the way!" "I didn't notice- --- I like---- Ummmm." I stammered. She motioned toward the bulge in my tight tonsures and chuckled "I see and how about your cock? Does it notice anything it likes? 

She pushed my hand into her crouch. Her pussy was soaking wet and my fingers, three of them, went sliding in. I pulled them back and she shoved them right back in. "It will take half an hour to get to dinner and I want to cum before we get there." she demanded. 

She raised up on her knees, spread her legs, and told me to finger fuck her. I added another finger and fucked her until she was doing more humping than my hand was fucking. I raised up and slid over on the rear facing seat, She turned her ass to me, laid up over the back seat, slid the dress up over her ass and I stuck my tongue up her gaping pussy. She was moaning loud enough for the driver to hear! Pussy juice was dripping off my chin! I slipped out and took a fortuitous pussy lip between my teeth and lightly bit it. Then the other and then her clit! That did it! Her legs closed on my head and she shook my brains out with a violent orgasm. 

She turned and sat down, extracted my cock, gripped it in her hand and put it in her mouth. She stroked with her hand and sucked its head until my scrotum cinched my balls! The load was on its way! She took one last suck grabbed my cock with both hands and choked it off! Almost too late! Holding on tight she licked up the small mess. "Now now! Save some for later!" she pleaded and held me choked off until everything subsided. "That's my boy" she said and then licked off what was left. 

We straightened up just as the limo pulled in to the restaurant parking lot. Dinner was great and Connie's foot was stroking my cock the whole time! She is a well built woman with a fine ass and a real nice pair of tits mounted on a full but shaply frame. She is about 5ft 9, with star filled black eyes that sparked with mischief. She went through dinner opening her legs and exposing her clean shaven pussy to anyone that passed, including several women! In her late forties she still had it and wanted everyone to know! Some may have called her a tramp but everyone had to call her sexy.

William was waiting! "Home William" she said as he shut the door. "Do like to eat pussy? Will you be my pussy eating slave? If not I'll have William take you back to the hotel!" she told me. I had to enact rule #1 "Never kick a woman out of bed unless there is more room on the floor" for the fourth time this week! "I'll try anything once" I told her. She just smiled, poured us some white wine and we kicked back for the ride! It was a big place with driveway up to wide steps leading to a massive front door. William opened the door and gave his hand to Connie. She opened up and gave him a clear shot of her pussy, smiled and said "We will be several hours if you want to get something to eat" The door opened as we got there and the butler, if that's what you could call a bare chested doorman with leather chaps, and an 8 inch cock hanging out, said "Good evening Ma'am – Sir can I show you to the parlor? The guests are waiting." Connie reached out and shook hands with his cock and replied "Jim knows everyone so you don't need to introduce him" 

I do? What the fuck did I get myself into? As we entered I saw all three babes from Monday night. Brenda the hot brunette. The one I dared to think was chubby. Monday night she gave me a gusher right in the face. And Susan the redhead, my first red haired pussy ever! And Debbie who orgasmed while I sucked the milk from her lactating breasts.

"Di dear come here" Connie demanded. A sweet young 15ish looking girl in a almost nothing maid's outfit bounced her bare tits and fully exposed pussy over to us. "Yes Ma'am?" she answered "Get Jim ready! You know what I like so don't disappoint me" she barked "Yes Ma',am" she answered as she took me by the hand and led me out of the room. 

"You'll have to change into an outfit" she said and looked down at her bare breasts. "She likes them this way!" she said shyly. Up stairs we entered a bed room full of erotic outfits. "This one! She just had it made and its never been worn! ---- She'll love it" It was a skimpy vest, with leather trousers that didn't have a crouch or ass. "I'll help" she said as she nearly raped me! As my shorts fell to the floor she exclaimed "I like your cock! Some are just to big! I hope she lets me play with it! I want to make the cream come out!" she remarked as she stroked me. I pulled back! "I'm old enough! Really! I'm 18. I have to be! Police men "cum" here all the time! Madam is a sucker for a uniform!" she pleaded as I slipped into the tight pants and vest. I reached for a cock and ball strap - still in the package- on the dresser. "No — she won't like that! The other ladies would but she won't! You'll get me in trouble" she said shyly. We went back down to find all four ladies casually drinking having drinking wine. 

Its about time I thought we were going to have to get off without you." Connie scolded. "Sorry Ma'am" Di said. "Well get with it Jim I want my pussy sucked" Connie demanded. I got on my knees and leaned forward. "I didn't here you" Connie remarked. I looked up. "It's yes ma'am" she exclaimed. "Yes----Ma'am" I said before I buried my face in her steaming pussy. 

All 4 women sipped wine and chatted like it was a social party. Debbie was asking for the butler to do her tits. I guess he did ten minutes later she moaned in what must have been a massive orgasm and then told him "get down and clean it up"! 

"Di – I need some cream" Connie demanded and then I felt a hand on my balls. "I told you she wouldn't like a strap" Di whispered and began stroking the hard part of my cock just behind my balls. Her long firm strokes always started near my butt and pushed my cream forward between my balls just to the base of my cock! "That's it just let it cum. I got to get a glass full and I can't spill any on the carpet" My cum dribbled out with every stroke! Then just as I was going to really blow my load she griped tight and choked it off. She held it tight until I subsided and then whispered "Please let me know by bouncing if you are going to cum! She won't like that so I got to stop it". I reached back with one hand and grabbed one of Di's tits. "Stop that! Those are mine and I'll tell you if you can play with them! Now give me that milk" Connie demanded. 

She pushed me back, held a nearly full shot glass in front of me, then downed evert drop. "A-hhhhhh it's your turn Di. Do Madam right" Connie said as she handed me the empty shot glass then pushed me out of the way. Di dove in like a pro! Her ass in the air and face in Connie's pussy. "Fill that with Di's juice" Connie demanded of me. Susan took the glass and held it under Di while I fingered her. Di's pussy was sloppy but there wasn't enough juice flowing to fill the glass! 

Brenda whispered

"You'll have to waste her to fill the glass! Put your put your fingers on her mound and slide your thumb up her pussy. Feel the soft mass of her 'G' spot? "That's the most sensitive spot on a woman! If your cock was up there the head would rub it with each stroke. Lightly rub it with your thumb to get her excited."

With my thumb so deep, Di was moaning into Connie's cunt and gyrating her ass!

"Now push with you fingers. Compress her mound! Work her labia open and grip her clit between your two middle fingers." 

She had the biggest clit I'd ever felt. It was like a small cock and pouted between my fingers. 

"Honey you have never been wasted so you will think you are going to pee. You won't pee so don't fight it!" Rub her Jim! Press on her mound!"

Di started to buck and both Debbie and Brenda had to hold her down. Then she raised her head and exclaimed "I am going to P E E! Let me up ----umumumumumumu" Connie pushed her head back between to her pussy!

"Keep going! Susan get the glass up there! She is going to ejaculate! Get it up there."

Di whimpered into Connie's cunt and them shoot a stream of thick yellow cream between my fingers and into the shot glass. It filled and over flowed sliding down my hand and arm like yellow pudding! I couldn't believe my eyes! This young girl had just ejaculated like a man with a nuts as big as base balls! 

Debbie and Brenda let go of her but Connie was still forcing Di's head in to her pussy. I removed my hand and Brenda held my arm up for her and Debbie to lick clean. The butler got his share too. 

Susan held the glass up for Connie to see. Connie released Di and took the glass. She gulped it down like a shot of whisky. 

Connie still hadn't cum but all three other women had cum several times as they watched us and fucked them selves with dildos. 

Brenda took over servicing Connie. The butler lined up on Brenda's behind, popped his cock ring and jacked his load allover her sphincter and pussy. Connie had pulled her tits out and Debbie and Susan were sucking them for her. Di and I each watched as the butler brought over the biggest blackest dildo I had ever seen. Brenda jammed it up Connie's cunt and began fucking her with it. 

Di took my cock in her mouth and sucked me until I was ready and then sucked just enough to keep me on the edge. 

Connie started to buck and then screamed "I'm cumming I'm cumming" at the same time Di brought me off in her mouth.

Connie had got her rocks off and that ended the party! We got dressed and all but Connie climbed into the limo. William dropped everyone off but Di and I. "I want to stay with you tonight" Di said to me. I nodded and when we got to the hotel we both got out. 

Di and I engaged in an erotic shower for what seamed like an hour. Altogether It had been gone only 3 hours including dinner. The night was young and I still had a sweet young pussy to service! I reached behind and grabbed her ass, lifted her up and then mounted her on my cock! Then, with her back pinned to the shower wall I slowly fucked her until we both climaxed!

We crashed on the bed and didn't move until the alarm went off at 7 O'clock. We got dressed and I took her home on my way to the conference. Late again!