 I've just finished the 5th day of a boring conference. I've never been keen on traveling and these conferences aren't my thing either. Until this trip! Starting with my first beer at the hotel bar the last four nights have been sex filled beyond my wildest fantasies. I'm sure that I owe it all to the hotel barkeep. She had to have something to do with the greeting "Do you like to eat Pussy?" that I got from three hot 30ish babes Monday. Then, there was "I just want it slow and easy" Tammy, on Tuesday night. And, "I'll shave it for you! I really want to try it shaved" Bonny on Wednesday. Last night started with Connie, a kinky 40ish socialite, for dinner at Alfredo's and ended in the shower with her "I'm 18--Really" Maid slave, Di.

Tonight I'm headed to the bar. I'm going to thank Wanda, the barkeep. After all a bald 54 year old man don't get this kind of sex unless someone is in the background. It had to be her! It just had to be!

I was disappointed, there was a guy behind the bar! Shit, I'm out of here in the morning and I'm not even going to get to thank her. I took a seat and ordered a K-Red. "Is this Wanda's night off?" I enquired as he sat the beer down. He nodded in the affirmative then motioned toward the corner near the door. Wanda! "Give me one of what ever she is drinking" I demanded of the bartender. 

"She's not drinking. Just came in and sat down. Didn't want anything! Just waiting on someone. If your him your one lucky bastard!" 

"Thanks mate" 

"Mind?" I enquired of Wanda. "Have a seat. I was hoping you would be in" She invited. 

"Want something to drink?" I enquired. "Sure one of those will do fine" she answered. I held up the K-Red for the bartender to see and slid into the chair. Wanda is a fine looking woman. 5ft 6, with short brown hair. Nice 35 maybe 36 Cs and a luscious 37 inch ass to go with everything else. Her loose fitting white blouse with 3 buttons undone showed plenty of wide cleavage. Any movement revealed enough firm breast to make looking for a nipple irresistible. Her tight blue jeans invited a memory marker to check out her ass when she stood up. The bar tender set the beer down. I nodded in recognition of his efficacy and we struck up a conversation. She has been tending bar for over three years. As for how I got the "Do you like to eat pussy?" from Brenda, it seams that these gals give her a nice tip if she calls and lets them know about a good mark! Then, if they got what they were looking for, at lunch the next day more money comes her way! It seams I was worth $300 in all! She tried to apologize but I told her none was necessary. She told me that Tammy "I just want it slow and easy" and "I'll shave it for you! I really want to try it shaved" Bonny were her best friends. She was just fixing them up! 

"Tonight I just want to apologize not only for the way I used you but I also want you to know that I had nothing to do with last night! I think from what Tammy and Bonny told me that you deserve better" she said shyly. "As I said, there is nothing to apologize for. After all I couldn't have even fantasied the last four nights!" I told her. We finished the beer and decided to get to know each other over dinner and some jazz at a club she frequents.

As she turned to walk out the door the memory marker kicked in and my eyes went straight to her perfect ass. Now that's a 'Three' for sure! (I gauge all women in jeans by the number of fingers that would fit through the keyhole formed just under her crouch.) No fat on this one! "Hey – are you with me or are you just out for a look at my ass" she scolded as I trailed behind. "It's a nice ass!" I answered and hurried to her side. She turned, smiled, checked out the bulge in my trousers and as I got along side said "You've got a little something going for you too!" Dinner went fine and the Jazz was just what the doctor ordered. After two bottles of wine both of us were hot to trot but still moving slowly. I've already had 4 days of the best sex in my life and Friday was looking good too. I wasn't sure if I could even perform but if we get to that point I won't forget rule #1. "Never push a woman out of bed unless there's more room on the floor" The small talk gradually turned to sexual likes and dislikes revealing many similar preferences. We both like getting bathed – someone running their soapy hands over every part of our bodies. She even fantasized about letting a man shave her legs and of course her pussy. She loves to, as I do, satisfy her partner, but only after hours of foreplay. The difference was that she liked to cum first and many times where I like to cum last and usually only once. Is that really a difference? Penetration was not nearly as important as satisfaction but when it happened from the rear either doggy style or lying on our sides is the best position. Almost never does either of us like a fast and hard fuck, slow and easy is the way! 

When we left the club I was hard as an oak tree and I suspect she was soaking wet from talking about our fantasies. She drove and although I thought she was heading for the hotel and a good night kiss it didn't seem like we were headed the right direction. Just as I showed concern for the direction we were headed, she said "I'm taking you home. I — I never — I never do this! Take a man to my house!" "I'd like nothing better but if that's not what you want then---" I didn't get to finish. "You are! You really are the perfect man! You'd really back down if this wasn't what I wanted wouldn't you!" she whimpered. We pulled in a drive way and then up in front of an apartment complex. On the way up the steps she told me that we would have to be quiet because her neighbors would be asleep. She unlocked the door to a second floor apartment and said "Not much but I call it home." "Looks fine. Real nice" I said. I turned her around and started to unbutton her blouse. She didn't stop me so I pulled it out of her jeans and pushed it off her shoulders letting it slide down her arms. She stepped back, and dropped the blouse on the floor. Her breasts were beautiful. Firm, just a little more than a hand full and separated nicely. "Not much" she said. "They are perfect!--- Perfect." I told her. 

"Thanks! Your just being kind. You guys all like big hooters" she countered. "Well I'm not all guys and if I was I don't think I'd be here would I?" 

I ask "I guess you're right about that" she said as she stepped forward and pulled my shirt over my head. "Ummm I love a hairy chest" she commented as she ran her hands through my thick gray hair. I unbuckled and dropped my trousers just as her hands got there. She lowered my long-leg briefs and fondled my ass. "How about a hot bath?" she enquired. I nodded and she lead the way down the hall turning on lights as we progressed. She was definitely a three and I couldn't wait to get my fingers through that keyhole for a hand full of her mound. As she leaned over the tub, I tried to unbutton her jeans but she stopped me! "Later. You're first. OK?" she said. I slid into the tub. The warm water was great!

Her bare hands- no wash cloth- moved smoothly and slowly, washing my back first and them my chest. She continued with my feet and legs. My hair, what there is of it, was next. By this time my cock was throbbing, hard, and standing straight up with pre-cum budding on its head. Wanda just seemingly ignored it and washed my face. Finely she slid the cum off unto her finger, put it to her lips and sucked it off. Then she took my cock in one hand, and my balls in the other and gently washed them. She had me stand, rinsed me with the hand shower and then stepped back to admire her work! "Ok- get out of there and let me dry you off" She said.

When she finished drying me she instructed "You'll have to help me out of these jeans"

"no problem" I replied and dropped to my knees. The button came open but getting them down over her hips was a little more difficult. She held her panties or they would have gone with them. Wow – her shear panties clearly showed a well trimmed pussy with open lips that sucked in the sopping material. She turned around before I got to pull them down. Now there was one fine ass with panties disappearing between her buns. A three - maybe a four! But be for I measure I grabbed those panties at the hips and gently slid them down her beautiful long legs. She stepped out of them and before I got a hand full slid into the tub. 

I'm a fast study so I started washing her back and proceeded in her previous order. I spent a little longer on her breasts of course. When I shampooed her hair she moaned like I was fingering her pussy so I must have spent 30 minutes washing it. When my fingers touched her mound and slid down to wash her tender lips she bucked like she was fucking. I just continued as if I never noticed. She stood up and I rinsed her with the hand shower. She told me to get her razor, a Lady Gillette Mach3, and when I turned back she was setting on the edge of the tub.

"I think to night is the night for my fantasy to come true" she whispered. I stepped into the tub lathered her legs with jell and with long strokes shaved each leg up to the knee. Then the same with her upper legs, spreading them apart for a look at her pussy every chance I got. With my fingers I gently spread the jell on her pussy and carefully shaved every square inch except for the narrow line of hair straight above her pussy. I rinsed her off and leaned back to admire my work. Fine job. With my fingers I checked for stubble and took just a short dip in her dripping pussy. She didn't pull away so I took another dip and then another. Pumping slowly in time with her moans I brought her to an easy orgasm. I finished by drying her while she wrapped her hair in a towel. She tripped the drain and we went into the bed room. Standing beside the bed we kissed for the first time. It was passionate and long. My hands on her firm ass and hers tight around my shoulders we dropped to the bed. She rolled back out and kneeled before me. Laying on my back, my feet on the floor I was ready so I opened wide and she took my throbbing cock into her mouth. She sucked and licked my cock and played with my balls for more than half an hour. 

Each time the pre-cum rose she would suck it off like the cherry on a sundae. As Wanda stood up I started to setup but she pushed me back and then mounted my face. Her pussy was dripping and I lapped it up like maple syrup. I worked my tongue in and out getting all the juice I could then moved to tongue flicking her clit. I flicked over and over as she moaned and pumped my mouth for more. I gave it to her! My tongue deep in her pussy and my nose bouncing off her clit she orgasmed for the second time and collapsed. She was laying face down and her beautiful ass was there for the taking. I rubbed it with my hands and kissed it on the cheeks until she raised up and then I took her doggy style. My hands cupping her breasts and my cock deep inside her she moaned and said "Slow take me slow and easy. Please don't fuck me hard!"

I slowly pumped until I was as deep as I could get and then with almost no motion we fucked for several minutes. With out pulling out we rolled unto our sides. She lifted her leg over mine and took a fetal position. I was so deep in her that my balls had to be in there too. I pinched her nipples and every time I did she would contract and suck my cock in deeper. We held the position for almost and hour and in that time she had several easy orgasms. With her last I climaxed. My cock pumped spirt after spirt into her without a single thrust from either her nor I. When I woke up we were still in the same position. My supple manhood was still in her.

"That was great! The best I have ever had!" she whispered. With out moving we both fell asleep. 

I woke from an erotic dream in which I was getting jacked off only to find Wanda kneeling over me, jacking my morning woody. My scrotum sucked tight on my balls instantly and I blew my load all over her luscious breasts. She leaned back and rubbed the cum into her tits like hand cream. "They say that cum makes them bigger" she remarked and then sucked the rest of my load from my flaccid cock.

Shit, its 8 O'clock and I have an 1100 O'clock flight! "I got to go baby! Get dressed and run me to the hotel or I'll miss my plane.