 "If we were alone in private, what would you do? Would you kiss it?" She asked.

"What?" I replied, stunned, embarrassed to have been caught gawking at her perfectly formed ass.

"I love how red you get, how embarrassed you are, it's so cute!" She was the newest junior partner and she was celebrating hard at our Christmas party. "Thanks for voting for me." She said, in her characteristic scattered conversational way.

"What makes you think that I did?" I teased, happy to be on more comfortable footing.

"Oh, I think you like me more than the others do; you're the only one I was sure of other than old man Smythe." She said with a happy grin. "Besides which, you can't resist my ass!"

"You deserved every vote you got, you're a good choice for the company," I said, trying to keep the conversation away from her ass, I could lose my job over something like that.

"Well, phooey! you're too sober and too kind! I was hoping my ass got at least half a vote!" She plucked the empty glass out of my hand and sauntered over to the bar with a significant wiggle.

"Yes," I thought, "yes, I'd kiss her heavenly ass, over and over, for as long as she would let me!" When I looked up her eyes met mine in the mirror behind the bar. Her expression was unreadable. What was she thinking!

One of the senior partners came over and I broke the gaze. Five minutes later, we were discussing golf when she came back over with my glass, hers was already half empty. 

"Oh, golf! My daddy plays a lot of golf now he's retired!" She slurred.

Johnson, the senior partner mumbled something and headed over to join another group.

"Fuck you too!" Sheila muttered discreetly. "I bet he didn't vote for me!"

"Probably not an arse-man!" I quipped, trying to keep the tone light.

I was rewarded with one of her rare grins. "You, on the other hand..." She paused, looking at me over her glass. "Why? Why me, when you are in a room full of eye candy! Look at Darla, she's a sexy little thing, she'll go to bed with you!"

This was embarrassing. "That's an unfair example; Darla would bed anyone with a pulse and a wallet!"

Another grin, wow, I was on a roll!

"Ok, Janet, with her curly locks and all that cleavage, she's definitely up for it! "

"But she has no brain!" I respond a little cruelly. 

"You don't need a brain to fuck!" She said, obviously enjoying the verbal sparring.

"Don't you?" I asked simply, pointedly. 

That stopped her.

"You," She slurred, "are more interesting than you look! And this conversation is going to get me into trouble. So I am going to take my drunken self off to get a sobering breath of fresh air and a coffee. You are not invited!"

Another partner and his wife stopped as they walked past, the wife congratulating her then moving on to talk to me. I watched Sheila's magnificent rear view behind them as we talked about mutual friends. She went to the coffee bar then over to the balcony door, she didn't look back, she didn't need to, she knew my eyes were trained on her pert round curves.

About an hour later when we were all listening to the last of three monotonously predictable speeches, she came up behind me. I didn't know she was there until I heard her say: "You want to do it, don't you!"

I was quiet a breath too long, trying to come up with something clever to say, blushing furiously.

"I like making you blush!" She murmured into my ear as we stood at the back of the crowd. "Don't over-think this, I might enjoy it too!" I turned to look at her, trying to make out if she was just teasing me but she wouldn't meet my eye, her gaze was set on the speaker but she had a smile on her face and a glint in her eye. 

I listened to the rest of his talk in slightly stunned awe. As we all clapped, she said clearly into my ear: "Room 215, if you really do want to!" When the clapping died down she had moved on and was speaking with others.

When the party finally broke up she was nowhere to be seen. I was a little drunk and very nervous as my legs led me to her room. I knocked, tentatively half expecting this to be a nasty practical joke. But when the door opened and she welcomed me in with an amused: "Well you took your dear sweet time!" My brain had more to cope with than worries about ridicule. She had used her time to change and put on makeup. The woman in front of me now looked like the hot dream version of the colleague at work. Her makeup was bold and striking, the corset top she wore made her breasts easily as appealing as the push up bras worn by the office girls we worked with and all this with the tight skirt that showed off my most favorite of her wonderful assets and a wicked gleam in her eye that was incredibly salacious. She was quite obviously just as excited as I was and possibly just as nervous, although she always hid her nerves well. As the door closed behind me our foreheads touched for a moment. She breathed a deep breath, then said in a surprisingly sober and commanding tone: "Take off your shoes and socks and pants and jacket. Leave on your shirt and tie, your tie will make a useful leash! Give me the belt from your pants too, I have something in mind for that!"

Nervously I began to do as she said. She grinned at my obedience and stroked her fingers through my hair as I was taking off my shoes. "Such a good boy! Do exactly as you are told and I will reward you fully!" I looked up at her, about to ask her something and she slapped my face! "Do not speak unless you are spoken to! If I want you to do something, you do it, if you don't, you will be punished. The only acceptable answer to every question is: "Yes, m'lady." Everything else will be punished. Do you understand? "

"Yes, m'lady."

She watched me continue to carry out her instructions. "Now kneel."

When I had complied, she stood in front of me and unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the floor. As she bent to retrieve it, her gorgeous bottom was almost touching my face.

"Kiss it, bitch!"

And I did. I was in absolute heaven as my lips made contact with her warm soft skin, over and over in a mesmerized state.

"Lick it, Bitch!" She giggled, and I did that too. I licked all over the silky globes, then, getting bolder, I licked down the groove between her buttocks. That was when things went up a gear, now she wasn't just getting off on the power play, now the physical sensations were taking hold too. A moan escaped her lips as my tongue stroked over the sensitive puckered ring of her asshole. I repeated it slowly again, then again.

Worming my tongue into her hole I probed in and out slowly, repeatedly, enjoying her moans.

I ran my tongue forward into her pussy, lapping between her lips. She pushed me onto my back then straddled my face making me lick first her pussy then ass, then pussy again until she was moaning and gasping. When my tongue found her clit, she cried out and I lapped at it over and over, faster and faster. She was crouched over my face, the musk of her gorgeous pussy swamping my senses as it jerked involuntarily on my servile lips. I licked her clit with increasing fervor as her writhing and moaning increased until, with a cry, she came, gasping loudly as I strummed on her clit with my tongue.

Her weight sank onto me, gasping and panting, but just for a few breaths before she stood up again. 

"On the bed!" She demanded with a grin, reaching down and pulling me up by my tie.

I followed her as she led me over then pushed me down diagonally onto the bed. Straddling me, she pulled off my tie and secured my wrists together before tying the loose end to the big lamp on the side table. Then she undid the buttons on my shirt one by one and opened it before raking her nails acros my chest in a playfully erotic harsh caress.

"Mmmmm, I'm going to enjoy this!" She murmured. Then her hips sank back a bit and her bare pussy lips sank down onto the bulge in my underpants, now desperately hard. "Somebody else is too!" She grinned at me, grinding herself down onto me salaciously.

I groaned in lust, pushing my hips up to intensify the feeling, but she rose off me a little. "Not yet, Mr impatient! I want some more first." 

She turned round and lowered her gorgeous bottom over my face and I reached up and kissed every offered surface as she giggled and cooed at my plight. Finally lowering the swollen, aroused lips of her pussy to my greedy lips and tongue. I lapped at a pearl of her juice that drooled from her covered slit, worming my tongue in through the scented folds. I thrust it as deep as I could inside her before trailing up to her eager clit again. 

"Oh!, Fuck yeah!" She groaned. "Make me cum again."

I responded with a moan and lapped greedily at the hard little bud, flicking it feverishly as her body writhed and she moaned her way to another fabulous orgasm. Gasping and crying out, she reached her peak, keeping her pussy pressed down hard on my face, trying to maximise her pleasure. I kept teasing her clit with my wriggling tongue, sure that she would soon find the feeling too intense. But she kept writhing and groaning and was soon gasping out in another orgasm. No sooner had she calmed from that when a third wave rolled over her. I was struggling to breathe and keep my tongue working at her clit as she wriggled and ground herself down on me, but any stroke of my tongue between her pussy lips or on her clit seemed to drive her up to higher heights. It was the most incredible orgasm I had ever been a part of.

She finally rolled off me panting and gasping as she caught her breath.

"Ohh fuck! That was amazing!" She panted, her breathing slowly beginning to calm as she lay beside me. A minute or two passed and I felt her hand stroke my thigh. I had begun to wonder if she had cooled off to much, that she would want me gone now, but her stroking began to grow more adventurous. Her hand eventually stroked across the front of my tight trunks and feeling the erection straining within the stretchy material, she raised herself on one elbow and, looking across at where I lay bound, she grinned and said: "Time to repay my slave for his willingness!"

She rolled up into a sitting position and began stroking my chest, tugging at my hard nipples, as she eyed the tension against my tight briefs. She stroked her fingers along the encased length. "Damn, you are big!" She tugged at the waistband of the briefs and I lifted my hips to help her. "Fuck!" she whispered as she wrapped her hand around my thick hard cock. She started slow rhythmic strokes of my cock, gently caressing my very eager and sensitive member. I couldn't hold back my moans of pleasure. She grinned at me wolfishly: "I guess we were both hiding something, I might need to rethink, perhaps this is the best kept secret of the firm!" Grinning in wicked delight at the size of her prize and the desperate need on my face.

She straddled me and slowly sank herself onto me, my full length deep inside her, her head rolling back in joyful lust filled abandon. Riding me until I was close to cumming, then lifting off me, grinning at my desperation. She straddled my face backwards and I willingly worshiped her ass and pussy with my tongue as she teased my desperate flesh with her mouth until I was on the brink again. She rolled off me and looked at my face, covered in the wetness of her pussy and eager for release. Giggling at my desperate need and my inability to do anything about it, tied as I was.

"If I were really evil, I would leave you like this. Do you think that I am that evil? Are you worried that I might?"

"Yes, m'lady."

"Good! Because I might be! I own you right now, pleasure and release are my gifts to give. Aren't they! "

"Yes m'lady" I groaned.

She teased me some more, smiling, grinning gleefully at my desperation when she pulled her hand away leaving my cock twitching uncontrollably in mid air.

"I own you, you're my bitch, aren't you!"

"Yes m'lady!" 

"You'd do anything for me right now, wouldn't you, bitch?" She laughed.

"Yes, m'lady!" She smiled, satisfied at my response, reached over for my belt and slapped my thighs hard with it. Watched my face as I cried out in pain and then did it again. Then again.

"How many times did I hit you?"

"Three!" I gasped.

Slap.

"Four, m'lady."

"Better, bitch, remember who I am!" She stroked her hand gently across my cock, still achingly hard. "You are so hard, slave, I could be forgiven for thinking you like my beating you! Do you like it?" 

Surprising myself with the admission, I answered: "Yes, m'lady." 

"You are quite the hidden gem!" She with a grin, her hand caressing me, stroking me faster and faster, coaxing me to the peak.

"You love my ass, don't you!"

"Yes, m'lady!" I cried out, feeling the cum boiling inside me.

And suddenly her hand was off me again. Slap! Harder than before, my thighs lit up.

"You love my ass, don't you!"

Slap! Oh, fuck! My thighs were on fire!

"Yes m'lady!" I wailed.

Slap!

"You really love my ass, don't you!" She grinned.

"Yes m'lady." I was writhing.

How many times have I hit you?"

"Seven, m'lady." I Gasped.

"How many times would it take before you would stop loving my ass?"

"I don't know, m'lady."

"Not that it's a question I'm too interested in answering, I like your dirty obsession!"

"Would you forgo all pleasure to worship my ass?"

I hesitated too long, looking deep into her eyes, trying to figure her out, she was loving the power but just how much humiliation was she willing to put me through and how much was I willing to take?

Slap, Slap! I gasped in pain, stinging searing pain.

"Roll over!" I did as best as I could with bound hands.

She moved back a little and lashed out at my ass and back of my thighs. It was excruciating. 6, 8 lashes in quick stinging succession.

Then a sudden halt, she was panting, breathing hard with the exertion.

"Roll over!" she barked again and I winced as I rolled back onto my back. Instantly her pussy was on my face, soaked with her arousal. "Eat me, you bitch, eat my pussy!"

She came hard and quickly, then rolled forward so that I could lick her ass again, worming my tongue into her tight little ass hole over and over, before rolling back to slot my tongue between her pussy lips and then flicking at her clit again as she climbed up to another orgasm.

Panting and moaning with wanton abandon she slid down my body, her hot wet pussy sliding along the length of my again hard shaft, before rolling her hips to allow it entry. The heavenly heat of her pussy encasing me was amazing, the look of absolute pleasure on her face was almost a trigger to my orgasm.

She rode me, thrilling at the fullness, groaning as she sank deep, she rode me harder and harder seeking a final wave of pleasure. My hips crashed up to meet hers in a desperate need for release, over and over, higher and higher. And then I was in heaven, crying out as my cock erupted in release, cum pouring through my cock, filling her hot little pussy as she crashed herself down onto me in her own desperate need. I came in an explosion that was overwhelming, gasping and groaning as I tried to sink my cock as deep as possible. She crashed over the brink and her back arched as she cried out at her peak, grinding down on me, thrilling with the pleasure and relishing the absolute fullness.

She slowed her movements and slumped on top of me.

I never went completely soft, and her slow rolling motions combined with her sexy knowing look began to harden me up again, as I got harder, her movements became stronger until she lifted back up and began to ride me again. She was moaning and gasping desperately as she fell forward on me, her breasts smothering my face as she frantically tried to untie me. I kissed and nipped at her breasts, catching a nipple between my teeth, tugging and nipping as first one wrist then the other came free.

"Fuck me, fuck me hard!" she growled, rolling off me. "Make me pay, make it count!"

I followed her over, my cock never leaving her, and drove in deep and hard. She cried out in wanton deep lust. I gripped her shoulders and fucked her unrelentingly. I plowed her pretty little pussy deep and hard and remorselessly and she took it all. Her desire was overwhelming, her pleasure as immense as my own. Pinning her down I fucked her in wild abandon, all sense of who we were was gone. I fucked for revenge, and need and desire and lust. I fucked deep and hard, taking pleasure in her cries of lust and her gasps of pain, her sex crazed body as desperate for release as my own. Screaming and gasping, she came as I drove fiercely into her, her clenching pussy walls gripping me like a vice and dragging me over the edge with her, our bodies thrashing together in uncontrolled ecstasy then writhing and clinging together as we rode the crest of the wave, wringing every last drop of sensation out of the night.

---

She wouldn't look at me for weeks afterwards, her drunken antics were too embarrassing to think about, no doubt. I was disappointed, to say the least. Even without the lust, there had been a quiet friendship between us that wasn't anymore. But that one night! Perhaps it had been worth it, just to have such a hot memory. 

One day, by chance, she stepped into the elevator I was riding, our eyes met as she turned to face the door. My eyes drifted down to her gorgeous ass, of course.

When the others emptied out and the doors closed again, she said: "Stop it!"

"Stop what?" I replied coolly

"You know what!" She said, but there was a hint of amusement there.

"Why?" I asked in feigned innocence.

"You know why!"

"Yes, and I'd do it all again in a heartbeat!" I said in an uncharacteristically bold way.

She turned and looked at me. She was silent, appraising. I held her gaze.

"Wouldn't you?... M'lady?" I asked with a cocky grin.

She looked at me, calculating. There was something very hot in that look. Then she turned back to the door. I had blown it, I thought. But as the elevator slowed to a halt, she said: "No-one can know! We would both lose everything. This really has to be absolutely the firm's best kept secret!"