 Every year my company has a Christmas party. It's usually a stuffy affair the company president throws for the mid-level managers and some of his other friends and acquaintances. This year the party was going to be at his private home, a huge mansion in the heart of River Oaks, the city's upscale residential district. I didn't really feel like going as I usually hate these kind of affairs, but I felt pressured into it by my colleagues at work. Luckily for me it didn't turn out quite as bad as I thought. The food was outstanding and there was plenty of liquor to go around. The party was relatively low-key, dark suits and ties for the men and cocktail dresses for the ladies. One thing's for sure though, there's nothing like a fancy party in River Oaks to bring out scores of hot women.

I arrived alone as usual, at about eight in the evening dressed in a sharp, navy blue suit, and I must say my thirty-four year-old frame looked especially handsome. For some reason, that night I oozed confidence. I don't know if it was the suit, the liquor, or the atmosphere, but I felt like every woman in the room wanted me. I spent the first part of the evening downing a few drinks and talking with some of my co-workers. It wasn't until about nine o'clock that she showed up. She was an incredibly hot woman. Long luscious legs, flowing brunette hair, perky B-cup breasts, and an ass to die for. Her short, black dress clung to every curve on her luscious body and her "fuck-me" pumps left plenty of tongues wagging.

I have to admit I couldn't take my eyes off of her. The problem is no other male in the room could either, and to make matters worse, she knew it. Men young and old competed for her attention. It was obvious from her mischievous smile that she got off on the men fawning all over her. I decided to try a different tactic and more or less ignore her altogether. With the endless string of men she was turning away I figured I couldn't fair any worse.

So for two hours I ignored her save for a quick glance or two, and somehow it seemed to be working. Being one of the few men in the room who hadn't approached her yet must have been bothersome as more than once I caught her looking my way. I knew I had her hooked and now I figured it was time to move in for the kill. With confidence I walked over to the bar and made sure to pass right in front of her while showing complete indifference. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her stare as I strolled by. I smiled to myself and calmly ordered a drink. I took a quick sip and then turned around to survey the scene. She was still looking at me. I smiled slyly and turned away. When I finally looked back in her direction again I saw her eyes dart toward me even though she was in the midst of a conversation.

This time I stared until I got her full attention. I smiled again and then walked off across the room. I headed for the library down the hall, never looking back to see if she was following me. I went into the library and left the door wide open. The room was empty so I browsed through some books as I waited. It wasn't long before I heard the click of her high heels as she walked into the room. I could hear the sound of her slow and sexy saunter as she moved across the hardwood floor toward me.

"What are you looking at?" she inquired.

"Nothing really. I'm just browsing," I replied

"Oh." She grabbed a book for herself and started thumbing through it.

"So, what do you think of the party?" she said.

"Well it's a little boring so far."

"Is that so?" she said.

She smiled slyly as she went back to her book. She flipped quickly through it before putting it back on the shelf. After glancing at some of the books on a higher shelf she quite deliberately bent over. With her beautiful ass high in the air she searched through the books on a lower shelf. I must say it was quite a sight. She remained bent over for a good while to make sure I got an ample view. Finally she pulled a book off the shelf and stood back up as if nothing strange had happened. I watched her incredibly sexy body as she looked through the book. Her ass was a perfect fit in the tight, black dress.

Then, in a matter of an instant, it happened. I don't know if it was fate, my extreme sense of confidence or what, but she simply watched as I put my book down. Without asking I took her book and set it on the table near the couch. At that point we were standing face to face in an empty room, between a wall filled with books and the back of a leather couch. After a brief moment of eye contact she turned toward the couch. She put her hands on the back of the couch to brace herself and thrust her ass up in the air directly in front of me.

I stepped forward and gently caressed her ass over the fabric of her dress. She stood silently as my hands slowly fondled her cheeks. Some guests occasionally walked past the doorway on their way to the restroom but none seemed to pay any attention to the action inside. With my confidence growing I grabbed the bottom of her skirt and hiked it up over her hips.

She wore a black velvet thong that exposed her luscious cheeks. I tenderly caressed her bare ass, occasionally letting my fingers slide along her crack. Once again she didn't make a peep. Instead her body tightened as she thrust her ass higher into the air to better meet my hand. I continued to tease her with my touch, gently stroking her supple skin.

Almost imperceptibly, her breathing started to increase as I positioned myself directly behind her. Using both hands I continued to caress her ass and hips. Very gently I brought my hips toward her, leaving only the fabric of my pants between my rock hard cock and the crack of her perfect ass. She let out a breathless gasp when she first felt my cock touch her. Almost as if by instinct she thrust her ass into my groin in a desperate attempt to feel my member. We continued to grind away as my hands massaged her hips, ass, and overflowing breasts.

After several minutes I pulled away from her body to admire the incredibly sexy woman before me. It was hard to believe that the woman who just a short time earlier had been teasing every man in the room was now standing in front of me, ass up, practically begging to be fucked.

My hands soon went back to her ass, sliding gently toward the straps on her black panties riding above her hips. Slowly and sensuously I pulled down her panties, moving across her cheeks and down her well-toned legs. With her ass now completely exposed and straining to be touched, her dripping wet pussy came into full view. I reached out to stroke her pussy eliciting a small yelp as my fingers slid by and calmly continued up the crack in her ass. Her breathing was erratic now yet strangely silent, almost as if she was gasping for air.

I paused briefly to take off my jacket and unbuckle my pants. For the first time she hesitated to look back over her shoulder. She watched breathlessly as I slid down my pants and took out my aching member. After eyeing my rock hard cock she turned back around and stiffened her arms to better brace her body against the back of the couch. With her panties around her ankles and her sopping wet pussy begging to be filled, I rammed my cock deep inside her waiting slit. She grunted as my pelvis slammed against her ass, my cock driving deep inside her.

I slowly pulled my cock out, only to drive it harder and deeper inside her. Her ass stretched toward me, straining to meet my thrust. I continued with the same rhythm, a slow sensuous withdrawal, followed by a hard, deep thrust. With each stroke her ass strained to meet my groin and each time she held her ground firmly as my cock thrust deep inside her pussy. In perfect rhythm with our passion she unleashed soft, yet animalistic grunts, that practically begged me to fuck her harder.

Once again I saw several people walk past the door, but consumed by lust she didn't seem to notice. With her grunts of encouragement I continued my assault on her pussy. Her long, luscious hair flew everywhere as I pumped her mercilessly. I grabbed her hips and with each thrust pulled her body toward me, her ass grinding into my pelvis as my cock pounded her. Her breathing increased and her sounds became more guttural but strangely not any louder. Our rhythm slowly increased and with each penetrating thrust I could feel her pussy wrap tighter around my cock.

Suddenly I heard a hitch in her breathing almost like she had stopped. I thrust deep inside her once again and this time she failed to emit any sound. I pounded her again. Her breathing returned but was now out of control. I pumped her again as she tried to whisper something, her voice quaking with desire. I wasn't able to decipher her words, but replied anyway by thrusting my cock deep inside.

This time I heard her gasp in a faint but scratchy whisper, "I'm cumming."

I pounded her again. "Uh, uh, I'm cumming," she whispered.

I pumped her again. Harder and faster.

"Ooooooooooh, I'm cumming." She struggled to get the words out.

Faster and faster I went as the rhythm of her voice kept pace.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming," she gasped.

She stood firm as I pounded her, thrust after thrust.

Still whispering she continued to pant "I'm cumming, oh my God, I'm cumming."

The intensity and passion of her voice drove me wild. I pumped her with fury, grunting with each stroke.

The continued sound of her voice whispering in ecstasy pushed me over the edge.

I unleashed a torrent of come deep inside her as her pussy clenched my cock in a vise-like grip. After I was spent I continued to slowly slide in and out her slit as my cock deflated. She remained firm meeting every thrust as the fruits of our passion ran slowly down the inside of her legs.

I continued to pump her until my shaft was no longer capable. I pulled my cock from her pussy for the last time and simply pulled up my pants and left the room. As I walked away I glanced back and saw her slumped over the back of the couch, exhausted and breathing heavily, with her beautiful, bare ass still high in the air.