 Martha searched through the packs of steaks for one that looked like it hadn't been sat there for a week already. Deep in thought as to how she might concoct a good peppercorn sauce she felt a presence behind her. Jack wrapped his arms around her soft belly hanging cutely as she bent over. As she rose his hands followed, tracing a line up her body to grasp at her huge tits. He loved the way they hung as she bent over and from the end of the aisle he had watched as her cleavage spilled out to his great delight leaving just enough to the imagination for both him and the young shelf stacker who had been fixated by this beautiful blonde-haired vision.

Martha loved to show off her curves and her low slung top nestle around her massive breasts, hugging them into a treasure trove of sexuality and pleasure. She was tall and stood out with her dyed-bright red hair which hung around her shoulders. And despite what they thought, even the guys walking around with their trophy wives would stair, their cocks twitching within their pants.

"I can feel you Jack," she said as his semi-hard rod made inroads between her perfectly sized ass.

"I thought you might," he replied as he slid a hand inside her top grasping her fleshy tit. The shelf-stacker had retreated, probably to some store room to blow the load he had building as a result of Martha's unashamed display of flesh that teenage liaisons could only aspire to.

"I'll tell you what, just grab the decent stuff on the top shelf and let's get out of here - I have something special I want to give you when we get home," Jack said, and with that Matha grabbed the meat and took it to the till.

Restrained, with a heightening sense of the pleasure about to befall their charged bodies they drove home. Barely able to keep from touching each other they arrived at the doorway. Jack fumbled in excitement as he attempted the lock. Second time lucky he got the key in and was about to step through when Martha slid her hand round him grasping his growing rod to say "I hope you're going to aim better with this 'cos I am wet and ready."

He packed away the essentials from the shopping, cold stuff before turning to find his muse close in front of him. He forced her back against the counter and forced himself upon her. Pushing his tongue into her mouth her kissed her passionately. He slid a hand up under her shirt feeling the loose, well-shaped flesh that drove him into ecstasy. She began to undo his shirt and he let it fall to the floor.

Now it was a race to get her out of these clothes. In full view of the street through the kitchen window he slipped a hand into her bra and flopped out one of those mammoth tits. It flopped down onto her shirt holding a beautiful melon shape, topped with a huge tea plate sized areola and puffy nipple. She held it up for him to feast on and, obligingly he suckled on the pink teat as she let out a soft moan.

Biting and pulling at her breast he found his way to the buttons of her shirt and released them one by one to bare her pale freckled body. Releasing the lacey mass of material that consituted her balconette bra her tits flopped down to perch on top of her belly. He pressed himself against them feeling their warmth and softness.

He explored the folds of her body paying close attention to her nipples as she offered one, then the other to him to suck. She took one in her own mouth, nibbling on the tip and sending waves of sensations through her body as Jack planted kisses over her chest.

In a moment she turned the pace and had his trousers undone. She forced down her own skirt and jack ripped open the thing tights to reveal her soaking wet cotton panties. He dropped to his knees and lapped at the sweet juices running through the cotton and down her legs before rising to bring her a taste of his enjoyment.

Now naked she pushed him onto one of the kitchen chairs facing the window. He sat, looking up at this giantess of a woman, poised and wet with passion to feel his cock inside her.

"I want all of you inside me," she said. "Give me 10 inches of pleasure, make me scream as you suck my tits and probe my pussy with that massive rod."

She straddled him and placed the dripping lips of her pussy against the tip of his cock. Her love juices dribbled down his long thick shaft and onto his balls. Slowly she slid her body down, around his huge member. She pulled away only increasing his pleasure before plunging down further. He travelled deeper into the folds of her pussy as she let gravity take effect and within minutes he was as deep as he could ever be inside a woman.

Martha's pussy tightened around him as she started to ride the great rod inside her. Her tits began to bounce infront of Jacks face and he found he couldn't choose where to focus his hands to most enjoy the feel of the big beautiful women bouncing up and down on his cock. He grasped at her tits pulling them towards his mouth and sucking and biting at the pink protrusions that offered themselves to him.

And then he caught a glimpse of the window. Or more specifically Martha's friends Honey and Jill staring through the window. Both big and both the subject of Jack's attentions in the past he found it turned him on to see them watching, staring at the sight of their friend bouncing up and down on his giant member. They could see her big ass planted on his lap, and his balls, glistening from Martha's juices, between his legs rythmically being squashed together as he forced himself deeper into her.

But the girls didn't leave. They carried on watching and honey brought a finger to her lips to indicate for Jack to keep quiet. He obliged and the girls noticeably began touching their breasts, and each others.

As Martha's moans grew louder Jack momentarily released a hand of his sensual explorations of Martha's body and made a quick beckon for the girls to come in. In one movement he brought his hand down to bear, grasped Martha's hips, thrust up deep inside her and she came with a loud moan throwing her head back and forward before resting for only a second. In an instant she again began riding Jack's monster rod and offering her tits to him again to suck. His balls, legs and the chair now soaking in a mixture of Martha's juices and his pre-cum she slid about sensually driving him into a state of heightened passion.

Behind her he could now see Honey and Jill as they began stripping each other unbeknownst to Martha. He rhythmically drove his shaft deep into her as the girls beyond began sucking at each other's nipple. The girls worked each other's bodies as Jack delighted in three BBWs naked in his kitchen. Honey slid a finger, then two into Jill's soaking pussy whilst still suckling at her nipple. In reply, Jill thrust her whole hand deep inside Honeys gaping lovebox. The girls, without a sound, deeply pleasured their play thing, hands soaked in womanly juices as the came over and over, restraining their moans to conceal their presence.

Jack exploded, filling Martha with his hot creamy cum. She screamed as his cock expanded inside her to release the huge load. She rose, and plunged down again as she shook violently in her own all-consuming orgasm. They jolted together, moaning and pawing at each other before she rose and slid off of his spent member as it dribbled with the combined juices of their innermost beings.

She knelt in front of him, those massive bags of flesh resting on his legs, and began to lap up his manly juices. Swallowing his giant rod as far as she dare she drunk again as he raised another shot from those glistening balls, hittintg the back of her throat while all the time Honey and Jill tasted and probed each other's most intimate parts. Martha worked Jack until she had exhausted his supply, for now at least.

Spent, Martha sat back on her heels. Jack viewed her glorious shape and size, the object of his affections, before his gaze was drawn to the sensual explorations of the women infront of him. Martha turned her head to find her two friends deep into pleasuring each other. She turned back to Jack, smilled a feindish smile and turned back to the ensuing action. Jack waited for what would happen next...