 The rain slicks the window of a small apartment on an anonymous side street. Inside the flat a young couple sits on a sofa in the lounge, the refuge of a day of frustration lies around them. Books rest with battered corners on the floor, the remains of lunch are strewn across the coffee table and game controllers hang, tangled, from the TV. The woman sits with her leg entwining the waist of the man and past passionate kisses ideas flutter between them as to what to do for the rest of the day. Finally the man kisses the woman deeply one last time and untangles himself from her long, strong legs. Iain stands, as a grin spreads across his face and grabs hold of Lilly's hands. 

"Fine! I was going to save this until this evening, but since we've nothing to do now. I've got a surprise for you." 

Pulling Lilly from the sofa he moves off to the kitchen area, opening the freezer and removing a tray of ice cubes and fetching some candles from a cupboard. An enquiring look flashes from her to him, starting with the bright beautiful eyes and ending at a smile to melt hearts. Lilly shudders in delight and tries to act demure as kinky thoughts rage through her mind while Iain just smiles on and thinks 'If only she knew.'

Drawing the bedroom blind Iain places candles on the light wood floor around the bed and turns out the lights. Their bodies press together, hips pushing against hips as he holds her in his arms and lays gentle kisses on her neck. His hands wander down her back to her waist and with a quick movement her top and t-shirt are lifted over her head. Lilly shudders slightly at the sudden cold as Iain reaches behind her to free her beautiful breasts. Each one a soft orb of flesh, well separated from the other and a happy C-cup. They bounce slightly and Iain gasps. Lilly tries to warm herself with her arms as her nipples slowly harden but Iain drops to his knees to kiss her stomach, grabbing her wrists as he goes and pulling them clear, glowing at the sight of her. 

"Ah, ah, ah!" He tuts, looking up Lilly's gorgeous figure, through the valley of her cleavage and into her stunning eyes. Teasingly he kisses around her waist line and fiddles with her jeans button, prolonging the time he can gaze up at her. Finally he undoes the button and zipper and Lilly wriggles her curvaceous hips together seductively as her trousers slide down her legs. 

Iain kisses her shaven pussy before running his hot tongue once up her already wet slit, producing a shudder and a gasp. Iain quickly strips his own clothes and Lilly wraps her arms around him, trying to jump him in her normal impatient style. Her hands brush over his neck and shoulders as she leans in to kiss him passionately, feeling his lean warm body pressed against her. She nuzzles into the curve of his neck and can't resist a soft little bite, before starting to kiss every inch of his smooth pale skin that she can reach.

Reluctantly untangling himself from her warm embrace he gently pushes her down onto the bed. 

"No touching today, you're just going to have to lie there and enjoy yourself. It's all part of the surprise." 

Lilly looks confused, which quickly changes to a look of mild fear as Iain reaches into the bedside draw and pulls out a roll of what looks like black masking tape. He smiles at her gently to reassure her and speaks in a calm voice 

"Don't worry, it's special tape, it doesn't hurt. It just, stops you wriggling quite so much." 

Kissing down her right leg to her feet Iain wraps the end of the tape around her ankle. It clings to itself to create a secure tie. The other end is wound around the leg of the bed where it meets the crosspiece, leaving just enough slack for Lilly to wriggle, but not enough for her to do anything more, and certainly not enough room for her to escape. Again Iain kisses his way back up to Lilly's luscious thigh, placing little kisses every couple of centimetres, paying special attention to the back of her knee, knowing how ticklish she is there. Lilly yelps and starts wriggling around, but with her ankle tied down she's unable to get away. 

"No fair!" she moans and gives Iain a big sulky look. Bursting out laughing he throws his hands up into the air in protest and says

"Ok, ok, I won't tickly you" past giggles. A wicked grin passes over his face and he adds "Much." 

Moving back down to her thighs to continue kissing up her leg Iain finally reaches Lilly's clit, sucking it gently into his mouth, scratching over it with his teeth and probing her pussy with his tongue to discover just how wet she is. He looks up at her again 

"Well you seem to like the idea so far." 

Kissing back down Lilly's left leg Iain secures that one to the bed as well and moves back up Lilly's body, pushing the head of his hard cock against her pussy lips, teasing her with the feel of him. Arching her back in response and wrapping her arms around Iain's neck Lilly tries to force herself on him, but he quickly pulls away from her. 

"Oh no, I'm not done with you yet!" he protests and takes each wrist, tying them down to the bed like her ankles, carefully kissing down from her neck to the tip of her index finger but still making sure she's firmly secured to the bed, with just enough room to writhe around and not nearly enough room to do anything more.

Unable to move, Lilly is nearly where Iain wants her and he kisses her breasts, sucking each nipple into his mouth, biting down on each one almost harshly, eliciting a cry from Lilly. With his tongue snaking past her lips Iain looks deep into Lilly's eyes. 

"Got you where I want you now haven't I?" 

Lilly's eyes burn with passion and she smiles "And I've got you where I want you!" Laughing, Iain pulls a blindfold from the bedside table and whispers "We'll see."

"Quite the little box of tricks you've got there isn't it?"

'If only she knew', Iain thinks to himself again and slides the blindfold over Lilly's eyes, nibbling on her ear. "No peaking."

With her restraints finally completed Iain looks over Lilly's body, the temple at which he worships daily, laid out in all its glory in front of him, aching for his touch and unable to resist whatever he wishes. He gently runs his hands all over Lilly's body, enjoying every curve, kissing and biting at each delicate spot he's discovered in the time they've been together. 

His tongue travels down to her pussy, ravaging it to the point of orgasm, flicking the tip across her clit over and again. His cock tickles across her mouth and she reaches out to take it in to her but he pulls away. His fingers dart across her exposed nipples, lightly playing across her skin. Lilly moans quietly at his teasing but he's on her in an instance, ice cube in his mouth, clamping hard onto her nipple. The moan becomes a gasp and she pushes her chest into his mouth, desperate for more. 

Taking the ice cube in his hand Iain runs it slowly around each breast and down to her stomach, feeling her tense beneath his touch. He skirts the ice cube around Lilly's belly button, knowing how tickly she is, but instead kisses it deeply, running his tongue around the inside. Lilly writhes and squirms against her bonds and giggles. Suddenly Iain's gone, he doesn't move, he doesn't touch her. She feels like something heavy just slid into her heart, a cold and numb feeling of panic. She jerks her arms to free herself but the tape is too strong. 

"Iain?" she whimpers, close to tears, and tenses slightly. 

At the sound of his name he's on her, ice cube in mouth, tongue against clit. Instantly the warmth of her juices floods his mouth, melting the ice cube as Iain laps at her pussy, trying to drink down as much of her as he can as his tongue traces Lilly's clit and pussy lips. 

Pushing his fingers into her pussy so he can feel how ready she is Iain begins to slowly run his fingers in and out of Lilly, licking at her as he uses his other hand to reach out again to the bedside draw. This time he comes out with a tube of massage oil, popping the top of it he squeezes a healthy amount onto his hand and begins lubing up her bottom, probing the rosebud of her ass with his finger, sliding it carefully inside her. 

"Mmmm!" Lilly protest slightly, "I want you in me, you can do that later!" Iain grins to himself and giggles at her complaints. 

"And I shall", he replies - half statement, half command. Suddenly Lilly feels something firm and cold pressing against her slightly parted anus and she gasps. 

"But for now, this will have to do" he grins. 

Lilly pulls at her restraints as the new toy forces open her ass, but gradually she relaxes against it, luxuriating in the feel of fullness. Each time Iain slips a little more of the butt plug inside her he pushes his fingers a little deeper into her pussy as well, and each time she relaxes he licks around her lips and moans. 

"If only you could see this," he whispers as the entire of the toy slides into her. Lilly moans loudly and wriggles against the plug, gasping at the feel of it inside her. Iain moves away from her and a complaint begins to leave her lips, but as he moves away from her he reveals the best bit of the new toy and turns on the vibrating feature. Deep inside Lilly's ass the end of the butt plug begins to rotate and vibrate against the walls of her anus and pussy. Lilly's complaint dies instantly on her lips, turning into a deep sexy groan and Iain kisses her intensely on the lips. 

Finally Iain presses his body against Lilly's, her body forming itself to him and his cock pushes gently against her entrance. Already Iain can feel the vibrations of the butt plug and the spasm of Lilly's hips each time the head rotates inside her. Reaching around her hips to push the butt plug deeper into her straining ass he kisses her breasts. Lilly arches her back against him and at the same time Iain slides his throbbing cock all the way into her sopping wet pussy. A deep primal sound escapes both their mouths, spawned in the depths of their chests, and they bite down hard on each others shoulders. 

"The best bit of this toy, is that I can feel it too" Iain gasps as he feels the end of the butt plug press at the flesh between Lilly's ass and pussy. She makes an incoherent mumbling sound in the back of her throat that comes out more like a mew, and arches her back, relishing the feeling of his hard cock deep inside her, pushing against the toy. His hands scratch grooves in her sides as he claws her and presses himself deeper into her pussy, timing the thrust of his cock with the rotation of the toy, the head of his cock rubbing against the tip of the plug. 

Lilly spasms against the bonds restraining her; desperately trying to embrace Iain with her arms and legs. The tension in her body finds no release, the assault on her senses is relentless as she lays trapped on the bed, cock buried deep in her pussy, and a toy buried deep in her ass. She quivers to herself at the thought as Iain continues to buck inside her, slowly increasing the tempo of the butt plug to keep pace. Each time he notches up the speed Lilly gasps and shudders against him, desperately trying to cum. Arching her back higher against Iain and begging him to make her cum fast, the sexual torment builds ever upwards. 

Together they rock their hips against each other, Lilly's tight pussy gripping at Iain's hard cock each time they pull apart, his cock ramming back into her each time they slam together. Lilly begins to call out incomprehensibly and grind her hips against Iain while forcing her ass against the mattress, desperately trying to increase the sensations running through the thin wall between her ass and her pussy. 

With the cum boiling in Iain's balls Lilly shudders as he drives into her, each time he presses against her a tiny scream escapes her lips as orgasm after orgasm washes over her body in little waves. Keeping up the tempo Iain milks Lilly for everything she's got, driving her towards exhaustion, but he can't hold out for much longer. Feeling the dam within his soul break he begins to rut into Lilly for all he's worth. Finding new energy she thrashes and spasms against him, her orgasm climaxing as a tidal wave of heat and pleasure smashes through her body, her pussy pulsating, pulling the cum from Iain's cock. 

Calling out her name he explodes within her as the head of the butt plug rotates against his cock again, filling Lilly with his cream, cumming again and again as their nipples brush against each other and their combined juices seep from between them, trickling over Iain's balls and down Lilly's ass. Collapsing on top of her, Iain's cock continues to throb gently as the last of his cum is pumped into Lilly's drowned pussy. Finally sated he wriggles against her and kisses her lips gently, slipping the blind fold from her eyes and undoing the bonds on her wrists. 

"Mmm... I love you," he whispers in her ear. 

"I love you too," she whispers back as he crawls, exhausted, down her body to untie the bonds around her ankles. Kissing her soaked pussy and licking the cum leaking slowly from it Iain carefully pulls the butt plug from Lilly's sore and ravaged ass before struggling back up to the top of the bed to spoon gently behind her. His still hard cock rests gently into the valley of her ass and Iain wriggles it against her. 

"Ooo, you promised me, remember?" Lilly turns to look at him and rolls her eyes dramatically. 

"Later!" she says and slaps the side of his legs playfully as he wraps his arms around her chest, so she can snuggle into his warm embrace, sighing happily.