 Some concern was expressed about the character Jennifer and her actions in the previous chapter. When I asked her about that she shared with me something her mother used to tell her. "You can never know the depths of a woman's soul til you have walked a mile in her heels." 

Thanks to Hamster and Sayankotor for bringing this to my attention. Hopefully you enjoy the added depth of her character in this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it. 

For those of you who have voted and favorited me and the previous chapters, THANK YOU!! 

***** 

Bound for Revenge 

I woke the next morning with such a sense of peace about me. The events of the previous night were so surreal, had Jen not been next to me, and our toys of the nightstand, I might have thought it was just a vivid dream. Looking at Jen's soft face for a moment I moved her hair to the side, tucking it back behind her ear. Her slight smile when I did that let me know she was awake as well before opening her eyes. Neither of us spoke a word as our eyes locked and we just gazed at each other. Entire conversations could have taken place in those moments of silence but the questions in my eyes needed verbal answers. Reveling in that moment though, I couldn't help but think back to the events of the previous night. Looking deeper into her eyes, I saw she was as well. Crazy as this may sound, especially in light of the first part of our night, or perhaps because, I felt closer to her in that moment of silence than at any other point. We had shared something special and I wasn't sure we were the same people anymore. We had passed through the fire and come out tempered and stronger than before. 

"Good morning sunshine." I said, breaking the silence, reaching up to caress her soft face. 

"Good morning!" she said, catching my hand and kissing my fingers. "Thank you for last night. For everything." 

"Thank you!" I responded, holding her soft hand. "Can I ask you something?" I asked after a brief pause. 

"Oh God!" She said, practically wincing. She just lay there looking at me in silence, her gaze shifting back and forth between my eyes, a worried look on her face. Looking closer I realized it wasn't just worry, it was fear. Fear she had lost, or ruined something, broken it beyond repair. With a resigned sigh she finally replied. "I know what you're going to ask." 

"Then tell me." I whispered, practically begging. "I have to know." 

"This is SO embarrassing!" She said, sighing and bringing her hand up to completely cover her face. After a brief pause. "I CAN NOT believe I did that!" 

"It seemed like you had everything pretty well planned out to me." I said smiling, running my hand over her curves before coming to rest on her hip. 

"That wasn't the plan." she said. "It really wasn't. Please, understand, this has been my secret for a long time. I've never told anyone." she whispered. "Not ever!" 

"Jennifer, you can tell me anything!" I assured her, nestling closer and twining my legs with hers. "I won't judge. Please, tell me." 

Moaning from behind her hands, she slowly lowered them and gently stroked my face. "I love you Danielle!" she said, kissing me. "Please don't think I'm a freak!" 

"I love you too Jennifer." I said, propping my head up on my elbow to show her she had my complete attention. "Tell me." 

"The risque bag..." she started. 

"Yeah, its in the closet." I said, smiling again. 

"It's not the only one." She continued, closing her eyes. "It's not even the first." 

"Wait! WHAT!?" 

"The one I have at my apartment is at least twice that size." she said, blushing. "God, I can't believe I'm saying this out loud." she said, hiding her face in the pillow again. 

I was shocked. I had never seen her like this, timid and unsure like a teenage girl, and could only imagine the secret she was holding back. Obviously this was one she had kept for a VERY long time. 

"It's OK Hun. Just start at the beginning." I said, combing my fingers though her hair. 

"The beginning? Sure!" She took a deep breath and let it out slowly as she prepared herself. "Have you ever caught your parents having sex?" she asked me, looking straight into my eyes. 

"Well ... I've heard them doing it before." I answered, surprised at her question. 

"No, I mean actually 'WALK IN' on them doing it?" she clarified. 

"No." I responded. 

"I did!" She stated. "Once. It was just a quick glance and I didn't see everything but ... Oh my God, I can't believe I am actually telling this to someone!!" 

"Jennifer, it's OK." I reassured her. 

Sighing again, she closed her eyes as she continued. "I heard noises from my parents room so I went to check it out. The door was cracked just enough to see my Mom, tied up on the bed, spread eagle, gagged and blindfolded, getting ... You know!" 

"Holy crap!" I said, sitting up abruptly. "You walked in on your parents having bondage sex?" I asked incredulously. This was not at ALL what I was expecting. 

"No! It wasn't just bondage, and it wasn't just sex," She continued timidly. "and it wasn't my Dad." 

My mouth moved up and down but no words came out, I was so shocked. Her mom was a devout Christian, the head of her Church's Woman's guild, a sweet lady, sure, but an absolute prude, or so I thought. 

"My Dad wasn't home that week. He was out of town for a few days with work. Anyway, I left before they knew I was there. A few days later though, I was home alone and snuck into my parents room and found...stuff. Whips, cuffs, gags, leather lingerie, you name it, it was there." 

Still shocked into silence, I laid my head down on the pillow as she continued. 

"She had it all hidden in a black leather bag, in the back corner of her closet." She said slowly. 

"What did you do?" I squeaked, suddenly finding my voice. 

"What would you do?" she asked. 

"I ... I don't know!" I exclaimed. 

"Well, I knew I had hours before she would be home so I took the bag and spread everything out on the bed." she continued. 

I could tell by the look on her face, and the slight tinge of excitement in her voice, that it felt good to finally be able to tell someone this story. 

"Everything was so ... naughty ... but there was this book, you know me and books, called 'Screw the Roses, Send me the Thorns.' It was all dogeared and the binding was split so you KNOW it had been read a LOT! Anyways, I thumbed through it looking at the pictures and reading some of the stuff on the dogeared pages. I can HONESTLY say I have never been so repulsed and fascinated at the same time. I wanted to slam the book shut but I just could not tear myself away." 

My eyes had to be near falling out of my head at that point as I listened to her incredible story. 

"After seeing all the pictures in the book I started getting ... a little curious, so ... I took this leather collar and wrapped it around my neck and fastened it, before picking up one of the whips." she continued. 

"Wait, how old were you when this happened?" I asked, sitting up abruptly, interrupting her. 

"Eleven or twelve. I don't remember exactly." She answered. 

"Oh my God!" I exclaimed. "Wait, who was the guy?" 

"Our Pastor." she said simply. 

"Seriously?" I asked incredulously. 'Just when I though this story couldn't get any more shocking.' I thought, as I covered my mouth with my hands. 

"Yeah, seriously. I watched him leave." she answered. 

"So what happened next?" I was practically begging her to continue. 

"Well, as I was standing there looking at myself in the mirror, whipping my hand, imagining myself tied to the bed, the phone rang." 

"Oh my God!" I said, laying back down. 

"I thought I was going to jump out of my skin I was SO scared." she continued. "You know that feeling when you're caught somewhere between fight and flight? That's how I was before I realized it was just the phone. Thankfully it was just my Grammy calling to see how I was doing but it was enough to snap me back to reality. When I got off the phone I put everything back the way I found it and left. That feeling though, the naughtiness of the collar and the whip, mixed with the sensation of nearly getting caught, that stuck with me." 

"Pphhhooooooo." I said, letting out a long breath. "That explains so much." 

"You have no idea what effect that has on a developing mind. Adolescence is confusing enough but seeing that!!" She said. "I never had another slumber party after that. I rarely had friends over and even my Birthday parties were smaller because I was SO SCARED the other kids would find out. Its why I have so few friends, why I live alone, and enjoy my privacy so much. I could never get the image of me wearing that collar with the whip while I was on the phone with my Grammy out of my head. As soon as I moved out, I bought my own copy of that book to "practice" with. In my apartment, in my bedroom I can be as naughty as I want and NO ONE will find out." 

"Oh Jen!" I said, giving her a hug as best I could laying down in the bed. "So last night, you basically let your closet Dominatrix out to play?" 

"Actually." she said, covering her face again. "That stuff was supposed to be for me, and not all at once, but when I saw how you were last night ... I don't know ... something snapped. It didn't even occur to me until after we were done what I'd done to you." 

"What do you think you did to me?" I asked, a puzzled look on my face. 

"I violated you, raped you, just like Jim." she said, as a her eyes welled up. "I'm so sorry Danielle!" she choked out. 

"Oh Jennifer." I said, reassuring her, wiping her tears before they fell. "You did NOT violate me, and you didn't rape me, I consented remember. It was very much a surprise, and while I don't think I would have ever chosen that path, it WAS exciting" I said. 

"It was exhausting!" Jennifer replied. 

"Well I suppose all that whipping and thrusting takes a toll." I teased. 

"I meant, mentally." she said, casting me an exasperated look. 

"Mentally?" I asked, puzzled. "What do you mean?" 

"Being a Dominatrix! Being someone who is so opposite of who I am." She said. "I couldn't do it again. I'm actually surprised I could do it last night. You're not mad are you?" 

"Not even remotely, Darling." I answered. 

"Thank you Danielle. You're amazing!" Softly kissing my lips she whimpered. "I don't want to go to work." Giving me one more pouty kiss, Jen reluctantly slid out of bed to get ready. 

My mind was still reeling from everything she told me as I watched her get ready for work. I realized she wasn't as delicate, or even as innocent, as I thought. She had a strength and complexity I never knew about. Like lace made out of steel. She had taken a shocking event from her childhood, that could have been traumatizing, and built her entire life around it. Instead of being a victim of it, she embraced it and rose above it. Where I thought I was helping her by getting her out of the bedroom for sex, inside that room, where she was comfortable, she was far more 'adventurous' than I had ever thought to be myself. I also began to realize that Danielle had been FAR more successful at getting her to open up than I, as Daniel, ever had. 

After she finished showering and fixed her hair and makeup Jennifer got dressed. Still not having much at my place she decided to wear the same gray skirt from the weekend and a flowery print blouse. Leaning in she gave me a kiss before leaving. "Thank you for last night" she said, her eyes misting. "and for being such a good listener." 

"Thank you for trusting me so much!" I said, touching her soft face. 

Jennifer smiled her sweet loving smile before getting off the bed and heading toward the door. 

"Wait!" I called. "Before you go. Want me to meet you for lunch?" 

"NO!" was her quick response. "I don't want you driving until you get your license. I'll see you tonight for yoga." 

"Have a good day Jennifer." I said, watching her ass as she left. 

"Guess it's going to be another day home alone." I said, to the empty room as I slid my naked body out of bed. Perusing my closet I settled on a cute yellow dress we had picked up that weekend. I liked it because it made me look like a 50's housewife. Jennifer hated it for the same reason. Selecting a matching bra, panty, garter belt set along with some micro-fishnet stockings and some black patent pumps, I laid everything out on the bed then hopped in the shower. 

Most of the welts from the previous night were gone thankfully but my skin was still tender in a few places. Rubbing lotion over as much of my body as I could reach I looked at myself in the mirror and thought back on all the events of the last month or so. 'What have I done?' I thought as I brushed my hair. I wished I had never bought that corset. 

Settling into my normal routine I did some cleaning. Mostly going through Daniel's clothes setting aside ones that I could still use, ones that could be modified and still used, ones that could not be modified and of course ones that I should have been thrown away long ago. Jen had said to save the jeans, that many of them could be made into skirts. By the end of the day the closet was pretty barren as my new wardrobe didn't take up much room. I was pretty happy with my shoe collection though. 

Going online I spent the next few hours online shopping with my Debit card. Knowing how sparse my wardrobe was, I was looking for some more lingerie, stockings and some really cute dresses for when Jen and I went "clubbing." I even picked up a pair of clear, light up, platform, high heels. They would light up pink, like little kids shoes did, when I walked or danced. I knew some people would think they were slutty but they were cute and made me think of Cinderella. 

I kept pretty close to my 'normal' routine for the rest of the week except for Wednesday when I insisted on going to Jen's place for the night. I was so tired of seeing my place, and I had run out of things to clean, I needed to see somewhere else to maintain my sanity. Friday mid morning Jen dropped me back at home because she wanted to run in to work for a few hours. Stopping at the mail boxes I grabbed my mail. I was so excited to see the packages from my online shopping spree were there but what surprised me beyond belief was that I had mail from Social Security, addressed to ME! Danielle! 

Tearing open the envelope I was so shocked I had to sit down because there, in my hot little hand, was a brand new social security card with my current name and my old number. Somehow Jen had done it! All I had to do now was get my Drivers license and then true normalcy could begin. I was so excited I called Jennifer immediately to let her know the good news. 

"Hello this is Jennifer, how may I help you." I heard Jen's voice on the phone. 

"Jen. Its here!" I said excitedly. 

"Hey Danielle. Whats there?" she asked, sounding confused. 

"Step 1!" I answered. 

"Oh my God! That was fast! I have just one more thing I need to finish then I'll be on my way." Jennifer said. "Maybe like ... 10 more minutes. OK?." 

"OK." I replied. "See you in a bit" 

I was so nervous at the DMV but was surprisingly able to get everything cleared up acting like I was a victim of identity theft. Soon I had a new license and was also able to transfer the title of my car so I could drive again without fear. I was so relieved! 

"Now that I'm legal, wanna go to McGill's?" I asked Jennifer, as she drove back to my apartment. 

"Just for a drink or are we staying a while?" Jennifer asked, knowing what my answer would be. 

"I want to have fun tonight." I said, grinning. 

"Its not much of a plan but it's a good goal. I just need to stop by my place and grab something to wear though." she said. 

A quick jaunt to Jennifer's and we were on our way again. 

"Danielle, there's something I've been meaning to talk to you about." Jennifer said, as she started driving again. "I think you should move in with me." 

Ordinarily I would have said 'no' immediately but my current situation changed everything. I had no job, money was getting tighter, and I still had a VERY small wardrobe, even though everything I ordered on Daniel's Debit card had showed up. 

"I don't want to be a burden on you Jen and I know how much you value your privacy." I said "You've already been so much help." 

"Danielle. I WANT you to move in with me." she said getting on the freeway. "At least until you get on your feet, or till you marry some cute, rich guy. Whichever comes first." 

"Jennifer, are you sure?" We had both liked our personal space before. Neither of us liked the idea of sharing our space with even a roommate which is why we both lived alone. Of course I now knew the rest of Jen's reasoning. 

"I've been wanting to talk to you about it for days now. Plus you already know my darkest secret, so ... Yeah, I'm sure." she said, reaching out to hold my hand. 

"I'm honored but I don't know about the cute, rich guy part. Chris is cute but you're the one I love." I said caressing her hand. 

"I know sweetheart. I love you too but you know how important having a family is to me and how much I love kids." she was tearing up. "As wonderful and therapeutic the other night was... we BOTH need a man." 

I nodded, suddenly unable to speak, from the lump in my throat. Maybe later I could make her understand that SHE was the important one in my life and that Chris, or ANY man for that matter, would be secondary. 

Walking in to McGill's I greeted Neal with a huge smile on my face showing him my ID, and introduced him to Jennifer. True to his word the first drink was on him. My name did raise a comment from him though. 

"Danielle Reid? That's funny, one of my regulars is named Daniel Reid." he said still holding my card. 

"Actually that would be my twin brother." the lie coming easily to mind. 

"Hell, I never knew he had a sister let alone a twin." he exclaimed. "How is he anyway? Haven't seen him in a while." 

"We don't know. He just kinda disappeared actually." I answered. "If you see him, tell him to call mom." 

"I will." he answered, handing me my drink. 

Taking my drink back to the table Jennifer had camped out, I noticed Jim and Mike come in and start walking to the bar. Walking as quickly as possible in 4" heels without drawing attention, I approached Jennifer. 

"I wanna go." 

"What are you talking about? We just got here." she replied, looking slightly confused. 

"Please! I have to get out of here." I said, glancing toward Jim at the bar. "I'm not ready for this." 

Following my gaze, her eyes widened when she saw Jim, talking to Neal at the bar. 

"Right then! Lets go. Um-mm, here, this way." she said, guiding me out so that Jim did not see me. 

"So what now? Do you wanna go home or do you want to go somewhere else?" She asked once we were in the car. 

"I don't want to go home yet." 

"This is your neighborhood sweetheart, where do you want to try next?" she asked as she started her car. 

"We could go to Third-Base. Its just a few blocks from here." I mentioned, my mind immediately thinking about Chris. I wondered if he would be there. 

As soon as Jen and I walked into Third Base I saw Chris sitting at the bar. A quick stab of jealousy surged through me when I saw some ditsy blonde pawing all over him. It quickly subsided though as she returned to her friends. Walking away she held her hand to her head in a mock phone and clearly mouthed 'call me' to him. 'So pathetic' I thought to myself. 

Slipping onto the bar-stool next to him I asked "Should I be jealous?" making sure the skirt of my short dress rode up just enough to briefly display my stocking tops and garter strap before pulling it down for modesty. 
