 KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK! I rapped on the door. 

Hearing the hand on the other side of the door, fumbling with the lock, I took a deep breath and steeled myself for what was coming. 

"Justin!" I said a little more breathlessly than I meant as the door opened. 

"Danielle! You changed your mind!" he greeted me with surprise. "Come in, Please!" 

"I can't." I answered. 

"Oh, OK!" he said, obviously confused. 

"No, I mean ... I can't." I repeated, this time handing him back the ring. 

"OH!" he replied numbly. "There's someone else isn't there?" 

"Justin, there has ALWAYS been someone else. I just never realized it." I explained. "You're a great guy, young, good looking, successful, any woman would be lucky to have you. I would be lucky to have you." I struggled to let him down easily "You're an amazing catch and I'm sure some people will say I'm crazy to walk away from you." 

"Then why are you?" he asked, struggling to understand. 

"Because if I married you, I know every time I told you 'I love you!' I would be lying." I explained further, setting the ring in the palm of his hand. "I'm not going to patronize you by saying all the typical things people say during a breakup. I would just like to say good luck, and leave you with this." Stepping up, I kissed him on the cheek. 

Closing my eyes so I couldn't see the hurt look on his face, I turned on my heel and left, hoping he didn't see my own tears. He REALLY WAS a great guy. He just wasn't the guy for me. 

Driving over to Chris's house was the hardest. It should have been easy but I knew I would be interrupting a 'guy's night' event. Parking my car in front of his house I approached the door and rang the bell. Standing there for several minutes, I rang the bell a second time and there was still no answer. Every light in the house seemed to be on, so I knew he must be home. Hearing voices and laughter, I started walking around the house. As I rounded the corner, I saw them sitting in a circle around the fire pit, several coolers positioned strategically between them, the light of the fire casting long shadows across the grass. Seeing them I began to second guess the wisdom of my actions. I was about to turn and leave when one of Chris's friends, his name was Chad I found out later, saw me and pointed. 

'Too late now.' I thought as everyone stopped talking to turn and look my direction. 

"Danielle!" I heard Chris before I saw him. "What are you doing here?" 

"I ... I'm sorry, I don't want to interrupt but" I said as I started walking across the grass toward him, being careful to walk on the balls of my feet to keep my heels from sinking into the soft grass. "can we talk?" I asked. 

"Yeah, sure." he answered. 

"Privately." I said to much jeering from his friends. 

Turning, I walked ahead of him, being careful to hide my hand as we got closer to the lit house. As we neared the house and pergola I struggled, trying to find the right words to say. 

"Chris," I said as I turned around, still hiding the absence of the ring with my right hand. "you're an amazing man." I started saying once we had stopped. 

"You're breaking up with me." he said with a neutral tone to his voice and a blank expression on his face. 

'OK, so I totally screwed THAT up!' I thought to myself in a panic. 

"NO! Oh God NO!" I said desperately, trying to salvage the situation. "It's just that ..." I took a deep breath to calm myself before continuing. "when you gave me this yesterday ... I was so overwhelmed ... and I ... I answered without thinking." I said handing him the small box that contained the engagement ring. 

The voices of his friends rose a bit. One of his friends shouted something about being "pussy whipped" while another suggested I make them some sammiches and another asked if I was there to serve the beer. 

"I've had time to think about it" I said ignoring them "... and ..." my entire being trembled with what I was about to say. "would you ask me again?" I blurted out. "Please." I said in a slower, almost hushed tone, practically begging. 

It took a moment for what I said to process but when it did, he took the box I had set in his hand. His eyes were on the contents as he opened it. Raising his eyes to mine, his face softened and he turned the box toward me. 

To the sound of increased shouts from his friends, Chris took a knee in front of me and with a exclamation of "HOLY SHIT!" from one of his friends, the jeers suddenly faded into silence. 

"Danielle Reid." he began. "You are, without a doubt, the woman of my dreams, and I would be honored if you would be my wife." 

I was tearing up as I stood there, under the pergola, with him kneeling in front of me. 

"Danielle, will you marry me? Will you be my wife?" 

"YES!!" I answered emphatically and once again Chris slid that ring onto my finger. 

Standing up, he kissed me, and my body trembled with the attention. Closing my eyes and kissing him tenderly I heard his friends "whooping," hollering, and otherwise shouting their support. 

As our kissing continued Chris pulled me off my feet. He slowly twirled me as I kissed him again. In the distance I heard one of his friends, Chad again, shout. "NOW is she gonna make us something to eat?" 

"I'll get rid of them." Chris said giving me another kiss. 

"Don't you dare! Go! Have fun!" I encouraged him. "I've got some hostess duties to attend to ... just ... don't drink too much more." I said with a wink. 

Setting me down, I started backing toward the house while he retreated back to the fire and his friends. We kept looking at each other until he was about half way, when he turned around to meet his congratulatory friends. Taking one more look at him, their back slapping and hand shaking, I slipped into the house, feeling warm inside. 

Thankfully I knew my way around a kitchen, even if it wasn't mine, Yet! Rummaging around the refrigerator I pulled out some hot dogs. I couldn't find any buns so they were going to have to eat them, as is, off the BBQ skewers I found in the junk drawer. Pouring some pretzels and some Doritos in a couple of bowls, I put everything on a platter and made my way to the fire to deliver my goodies. 

His friends were all very excited and apologetic for their behavior, insisting they were just kidding when some suggested I bring them food. Nevertheless, they welcomed the platter. Planting a heel popping kiss on Chris, I had his friends whooping and wolf calling again as I retreated to the house. Maybe I put a little emphasis on the sway of my hips as I walked away ... maybe. 

Looking around the house I found a few things to tidy up to keep me busy. That was definitely one thing that had changed about me from my 'previous' life, I now had an eye for finding things that needed to be cleaned. 

It was a couple of hours later before the party started breaking up. Chris and his friends filed into the house with the few dishes I brought out to them and set them next to the sink where I was working. Once again they all apologized for their crude behavior. 

"Oh trust me boy's, I have heard far worse then that before." 'Hell I've USED worse myself.' I thought. "It was even kind of cute ... in an adolescent sort of way." I assured them with a smile. "Now you boys have a good night. I have something else I need to take care of." I said suggestively, looking at Chris who cleared his throat and blushed a bit. 

They all got the hint and quickly excused themselves leaving Chris and I alone in the kitchen. Picking up my wine glass, I turned around and leaned on the counter, crossing my legs. Swirling the wine in my glass, I looked him up and down wondering where to start. 

"I am SO sorry about them. They're REALLY not usually like that." Chris apologized for them YET AGAIN! 

"Sweetheart!" I tried to interject unsuccessfully. 

"Please Danielle, let me finish." he said and after a moment of silence continued. "When I saw you tonight ... I ... didn't know what to think. Then the way you started talking ... I thought maybe you had changed your mind and my heart sunk." 

My heart sank as he told me what he was feeling but I didn't say a word or even move. I just let him continue. 

"and then you ...!" he couldn't continue but had the hugest smile on his face. "Danielle, I love you! I love you more than words can express." 

"Then show me!" I pleaded. 

He moved so fast he startled me, crossing the distance between us in two steps, and then his arms were around me. My eyes fluttered shut with the passion of his kiss, my other sense making up for their absence. His breathing was harsh and erratic, his face a bit scruffy, and above all he smelled strongly of smoke from the fire. For a brief moment, I felt like I was being taken by a caveman. Like, any moment now, he was going to smack me over the head and drag me off to his cave by my hair, but lets face it, there was no need for him to club me over the head. Or drag me for that matter. 

"Make love to me Chris." I whispered as the passion of his kiss faded. 

Without saying a word, Chris picked me up. He just scooped me up off my feet. Cradled there in his arms, still holding my wineglass, I crossed my legs in a dramatic, sexy fashion. Taking a drink of my wine, I gave him a look in the eyes that asked 'what's taking you so long?' 

As he carried me off to his bedroom I thought to myself. 'Maybe the Caveman analogy wasn't so far off after all!' 

Sitting me down on his bed, he gave me another passionate kiss. It was an awkward kiss, and even with my eyes closed I could tell he was working on taking off his clothes. By the time we broke off the kiss, his shirt was undone, hanging from his shoulders, and his pants were on their way down his legs. 

Wanting to change the pace, and the tone, I pushed away from him to catch his gaze. I knew I had him when he stopped moving and just gazed back. I gave him a small kiss on the lips, eyes still open to hold his attention. I pushed his shirt off his shoulders slowly and ignoring his pants for now as I gently pushed him back to sit on the bed. 

His eyes were on me as I took several steps back and started dancing to music that only we could hear. It was a slow dance that put to use all the strip tease and pole dancing classes Jonathan insisted I take. I held nothing back as I pranced seductively around the room, occasionally grinding my ass on his pelvis. 

I was wearing only a wrap dress that would come off too easily and would then be gone. Needing to stretch out the seduction, I lifted my leg up to rest my foot between his legs. Hooking my fingers on the hem I drew the skirt of my dress up slowly to expose the top of my stockings. I smiled noticing his gaze was locked to my retreating hemline and a smile appeared when my garter strap came into view. 

I loved the effect I was having on him. 'Maybe those classes weren't a complete waste of time!' I thought as his shaky hands slid up my legs. 

While his focus was on my leg, I had finished untying my dress. Reveling in his touch, I trembled as it grazed the bare skin of my thigh, I only let it last a moment longer before I took my foot down, twirling away, my dress flying open to reveal my leather apparel. 

When I twirled to a stop, I looked for his reaction. The surprise expressed in his eyes was exactly what I expected. Clutching my dressed closed, I feigned embarrassment like a 50's pin-up girl who just had the wind blow her skirt up in front of the milkman. His laughter warmed my heart and signaled me to move on to the next stage. 

Standing straight in front of him I let my dress fall open. I moved slowly, exposing more skin starting with my legs as I stepped closer to him. Then my shoulders as I drew the dress off. Letting the dress catch in the crook of my elbows, I wore it like a shawl as another step drew me closer. Two steps away I let it drop in a small pile on the floor, his eyes locked on me. With my platform heels and him sitting on the bed, I towered over him. Reaching down to brace myself, my pursed lips drew his to mine, and with a slight **crack** of static electricity our lips touched. 

Kneeling on the small piece of bed between his legs, I used my position to guide him further back onto the bed. Even with my demure size, when I had him where I wanted him, I used my weight and kisses to push him down. 

Straddling his hips, though separated by both denim and leather, I could feel his bulge. Sitting upright, I made a slight gyration of my hips and felt a twitch from his pants in response. 

"I love you too Chris." I whispered, his hands running up and down my thighs. Reaching up and behind me, I pulled my hair up, piling it on top of my head with my hands. Giving him a naughty, sexy look I giggled as his hands that had been on my legs slowly made their way to my hips, then past and on toward my breasts. Letting my hair fall, I reached back to unclasp my bra just in time for his hands to reach them. 

Up and under the cups, Chris slid his hands, and an excited tingle shot through my body when he found my sensitive nipples. Letting my bra fall off I collapsed onto him. My kisses were frantic, almost desperate as he rolled me over. Braced on his arms, he towered over me, my legs spread so willingly for him. 

His tongue flicked into my mouth, nipped my chin, nuzzled my neck, before making his way to my breasts with their hardened nipples. I nearly came right then as he teased first one then the other and then he was gone. Opening eyes I hadn't realized I'd closed, I found him standing at the foot of the bed, struggling to get his pants off. Smiling in anticipation, I hooked my thumbs on the waistband of my panties, bringing my knees together and up to my chest, I drew them off. 

Seeing Chris still struggling with his pants, I planted my heels on the mattress with my knees up. Licking my fingers, I spread my legs and began playing with pussy. 

"So you're gonna start without me?" he asked as he finally freed himself, one pant leg inside out. 

"Mmm, you were taking too long." I teased. 

"That's what I get for hurrying I guess!" he quipped, getting on the bed and crawling between my legs. 

I was so hot, wet and horny! I wanted him inside me so bad I was practically quivering with anticipation. His hard cock hung like a club and I was able to stifle a laugh only because he picked that moment to kiss the bare skin of my thigh just above my stockings. 

Propping my leg on his shoulder he straightened it out, kissing it down to my foot where he slowly removed my shoe. Repeating the procedure for the other leg he turned his attention to my stockings. 

"Tonight I want it to be just US." he explained seeing the slight disappointment on my face. "with nothing else. Just us." 

Even then he made a show of it, drawing my stockings down slowly, planting kisses in the wake of the welt. I had to show him how the garter belt came off and I lifted my butt to let it slide out from beneath me. Laying there, completely naked, I felt so exposed and maybe even a little shy. I realized then that Chris had never really seen my naked body before. I was always wearing some thread of lingerie. 

Caressing my body, I watched him as he looked at me, his own hands reaching out to touch my soft skin. Crawling toward me, raining kisses on the inside of my thighs, he planted another, deep mouth, kiss on my pussy before coming to a stop over me. I was so small beneath him, so powerless against his strength as he towered over me. Neither of us wearing a stitch made him seem even larger, and maybe even a bit more threatening, the club of his cock bumping against my mound, yet I have never felt safer. 

The foreplay was nice but it was taking too long, I needed action. Wrapping my arms and legs around him, I pulled him to me. 

"Ungh!" I grunted, when a moment later his cock found its way to my pussy. "UHH!" I exclaimed as he drove it home, my breath coming in pants. 

Pulling back, he grunted as he threw it in me again, easier than the first time as it became slick with my juices. It felt SO good being filled with him like that. It is a feeling I have never gotten over, and to this day nearly always crave, almost as much as I crave cum in my pussy. 

I mewed my approval as he thrust in again, making my breasts jiggle with the force. I really enjoyed him fucking me like that but I wanted to give him a treat. Struggling with him for dominance, I was finally successful in rolling him over. 

Sitting astride his waist, his rock hard cock buried in me, I began moving slowly. First lifting myself up before sitting back down, each time was a longer stroke. Once I learned the extents of motion I was allowed that kept him within me, I began throwing other motions in, starting with a simple undulation of the waist which rapidly morphed into a rolling of the hips. I lost track of him as I experimented. I was so used to being the one 'taken' that I'd never really focused on my own pleasure. 

Sitting up and pinching my nipples, I rocked his world as I neared orgasm. My body was overloading with pleasure and it was difficult to stay in rhythm the closer I got. As my orgasm tore through me, I collapsed onto him, unable to move anymore. His hands on my hips dug in and he gave me the fucking I couldn't. His hips came up rapidly, and repeatedly, making the sexiest, wet, slapping noise as he came inside me. 

"OH GOD!!" I cried out, as the onslaught continued 

"Uh!" he responded giving me another hard thrust. 

"Mmmmm!" I said with a very satisfied moan while he pumped a little more cum into my pussy. 

"You are absolutely incredible!" he said after I rolled off him, arms flat out to either side. 

"Mmmmm, you're not so bad yourself Tiger." I smiled, snuggling up next to him as exhaustion washed over us. 

I may have attacked him a couple more times that night and ... Perhaps once again in the shower before excusing myself with a passionate kiss at the door. 

"I love you Danielle!" he said between kisses. 

"I love you too Chris!" I said with confidence, taking note he wasn't shy about saying it anymore. I couldn't help but notice the similarity between his and my own relationship with Jennifer. "Very much! I'll call you later, OK." 

"OK." 

I waved and blew him a kiss as I began the drive home. 

Still smiling ear to ear, I strutted my well fucked body into the apartment to find Jennifer huddled up on the couch with some black leggings and an over sized sweatshirt. While it was not uncommon for her to do that, the empty ice cream pail on the floor wasn't a good sign. 

"Hey Danielle." she said, taking a bite of a saltine. 

"Hey sweetie." I said, noticing she had an entire sleeve of saltines on her lap. "Are you OK?" I asked noticing her complexion seemed off as well. "Do I need to take you to the Doctor?" 

"I went to the Dr. the other day." she answered, taking another bite. 

"You did?" I asked, more than a bit confused. "What did he say? Are you sick?" I had no idea she had gone to the Dr. Maybe her mom had gone with her but why hadn't she let ME know? 

"I'm not sick." she answered. 

"Well ... that's good." I commented. 

"I'm pregnant!" she said, her voice quivering nearly as much as the hands on her tummy trembled. The look on her face said it all. Hope, fear, love, desire, panic, it was all there fleeting across her cheeks and eyes. 

"Pregnant?" I questioned, setting my purse of the table and taking a seat. "How far along are you?" 

"Almost 15 weeks." she answered. 

"Fifteen weeks! But that would mean ..." I trailed off stunned, doing the math in my head. 

"That it's Daniel's!" she exclaimed. "Oh God Danielle, I'm so sorry!?" she said tearing up, at least until another wave of nausea hit her. 
