 This is the conclusion to a story that was barely a concept, ie the magical corset, and a couple of scenes in my head, when I started putting it down. It certainly was never in my mind that as I fleshed it out it would become 10 Chapters! Thank you to everyone who has been on this journey with me. I only hope discovering these characters has been enjoyable for you as it was for me. 

If you have not read the previous chapters I would recommend that you do so, as they all tie together to form a single story. The individual chapters do not stand on their own and can sometimes be a bit confusing if you don't have the back story. 

Lastly, to everyone who favorited either the individual chapters or me as an author, Thank you! I am truly humbled by that kind of recognition. 

***** 

Bound for a Happily Ever After 

Finally, it was the morning of the wedding and I awoke laying next to Jennifer, our smooth legs still wrapped around each other. Knowing it was the last night we had alone together, we had our own, mini, bachelorette party. Giving her a kiss, I slipped out of her loving embrace and made my way to the bathroom to take a shower. It was weird for it to be so quiet that early in the morning, usually one of us would have been up feeding and/or playing with Daniel Jr already but yesterday, after the rehearsal dinner, Jennifer's parents offered to watch him for the night. 

Changing my mind, I instead ran the water for a hot bubble bath. Letting the tub fill, I grabbed some fresh towels, my razor, and shaving cream. Pulling my long hair up for now, I closed my eyes and just lounged in the bath, letting the warmth of the water soak into my flesh. 

I wasn't surprised when a few minutes later the water splashed a bit, as Jennifer tested the water before lowering herself in as well. 

Opening my eyes, I saw her smiling face, beaming with excitement, hovering just in front of mine. She didn't say a word, just planted a light kiss on the tip of my nose. Leaning back she grabbed the luffa and soap, and after rubbing the soap into a thick lather, began bathing me. First my shoulders and arms, then my chest, my large breasts and nipples becoming hard with the slippery stimulation. On down my tummy, she lathered, being careful around my belly button piercing. With a sloshing, I turned myself around and held my hair up for her to continue on my back and buttocks giggling a bit when she reached around to wash my smooth, hairless pussy. 

Feeling her breasts mashed against my back as she embraced me, I turned around, wrapping her up in a big hug. 

"I LOVE you Jennifer!" I whispered emotionally, not wanting to let her go. 

"I love you too Danielle! I love you SO much!" she responded, squeezing me a bit tighter. 

As we broke our hug, I took the luffa from her and returned the favor of bathing her. Taking my time, I savored every moment, not knowing when, or even if, we would be able to do this again. 

Getting out of the tub, we toweled each other dry before rubbing baby oil all over each other. It had an almost ritualistic feel to it, like a rite of passage. First the spiritual cleansing, followed by an anointing with oil, all in preparation for some major coming of age event. I know that wasn't at all the intent, it was just how I felt. 

Slipping on some casual clothes before we headed to the Church, I felt such a warmth and inner peace having Jennifer by my side. I remember holding her hand, fingers interlaced with hers, the whole way. 

Other than the Pastor, we were the first people at the Church. Taking us inside, he showed us where we could get ready. I had been in a couple of weddings before but obviously never "on this side." The flurry of activity was far crazier than I had ever seen on the grooms side. The excitement reached new levels as the rest of the Bridesmaids and hairdresser, followed shortly by some of the Groomsmen, showed up. I didn't actually see groomsmen but I heard their deep voices reverberating off the walls in the hall. Somehow, hearing their voices made everything seem more real, and my heart quickened with nervousness, and anticipation. 

Taking a deep breath to help calm my nerves, I sat down for the hairdresser. My hair had grown out considerably in the past year and a half. Wanting long hair, I never let them remove any length whenever I got it styled. I had never had hair this long before, and I was actually a bit surprised when, as it grew out, my waviness developed into a beautiful bounciness of loose curls. Taking full advantage of my curls, the stylist piled my hair up, allowing it to cascade down in ringlets and securing it with God knows how many bobby pins. 

"Thank you SO much." I told her after she was finished, while I examined myself in the mirror. "It's gorgeous!" 

"You're welcome!" she responded with a laugh and a smile. "Is there anything else you need? 

"No, I'm good." I said excusing myself. "I just need to go change." 

I did need to change but all the excitement in the room was a bit much and my breathing exercise wasn't working. What I really needed was some peace and quiet to collect my thoughts. Thankfully there was another, smaller and more private, room off the room we were in. It was supposed to give a little privacy for me to get changed into my dress but there was also a small couch and a full length mirror in a wooden stand as well. 

Letting the door close behind me, I relished the fading of all the commotion. I surrendered myself, and basked in the silence for a moment, before I started to unbutton my blouse, watching every motion in the mirror. 

Watching myself in the mirror, I felt like a voyeur. I was mesmerized by the skin being revealed with each button released, the edges of my breasts slowly coming into view. Releasing the final button, I let the shirt hang, revealing my bra, ample cleavage, a flat tummy, and my belly button piercing. Reaching down, I unfastened my short denim mini-skirt, while stepping out of my heels. Pushing the skirt down and over my hips, I continued watching myself in the mirror, my eyes locked to the show I was putting on for my own enjoyment. 

Sliding the shirt off my shoulders, I let it fall unchecked to the floor. For a long time I stood there wearing just my bra and thong, looking at myself in disbelief. Even though it had been over a year since my transformation, sometimes it was still hard to take in. 

Ignoring my wandering thoughts, I turned my attention back to the mirror, and my captured image. My long hair and soft face, my slender waist, curvy hips and high firm breasts, my arms and legs, had always had a dancers shape and grace to them, shape and grace that had only been enhanced by over a years worth of running and yoga, not to mention the dance lessons. 

There was a soft knock on the door before it opened just enough for Jennifer to slip in. She must have just finished with the beautician herself, because her gorgeous long blond hair was done so beautifully. I watched with a small amount of amusement, as I watched her eyes scan me from head to toe, pausing lustfully at my heart shaped ass before coming back to my face. 

"Are you OK with this?" I asked, locking eyes with her in the mirror. 

"Of course I am!" she said with a smile. "At first I thought it was going to bother me but ... No, I AM SO happy for you sweetheart." 

Turning around I put my arms around her, and welcomed her embrace trying hard not to tear up. Overall, I was getting better at controlling my emotions but something like this overwhelmed my ability. 

"Shhhhhh." she soothed me. "I'll be OK! Honestly. Now lets get you dressed!" 

"I have a better idea." I said kissing her tenderly, my hands coming to rest on her waist. 

"Mmmmm! I like where this is going." she said quietly, her hands sliding down my back to cup my buttocks, her tongue slipping in my mouth. 

A burst of laughter from the other room reminded us the precarious nature of the situation. Placing a finger over my lips and making a silent "Shh!" I tiptoed to the door to lock it while Jennifer slipped out of her clothes. Holding my breath, I slid home the deadbolt as quietly as I could. Turning around I saw Jennifer standing there in her bra and panties, folding her clothes. 

Seeing her naked body always turned me on, even now. It wasn't just her amazing body, it was the way she moved, so fluid, it was like she glided no matter what she was doing. 

Walking up behind her I popped the clasp on her bra. Sliding my hands around her body, I took over the support of her breasts as I finished pushing the bra away. Jennifer leaned back into my arms, struggling to find a way to embrace me, without first turning around. Kissing her cheek, I made my way back and down to her neck, while I snaked a hand down her torso and into her panties. I was amazed at how wet she was as my fingers slipped in. 

Her arms stopped trying to embrace me and instead sought me out, finding purchase on my thighs, supporting her body as I continued working. 

Her breathing was changing, becoming more ragged and desperate as the laughter in the other room rose. Suddenly, she turned around, attacking me with kisses and caresses. 

"No Sweetheart!" she whispered between kisses. "This day is about you." resuming her attack, she drove me across the room to the small couch, my legs buckling when the cushions hit me behind the knees, causing me to plop down. 

Taking advantage of the situation, Jennifer pushed me back with her kisses. Feeling her hands working on releasing me from my panties, I lifted my butt to assist her. They would need to come off at some point anyway for what I had planned later with Chris! 

Abandoning the lips on my face, the front of her assault on my body changed. I quivered and nearly cried out as her lips encircled my mound, tongue slipping into and over my clit. The voices and the laughter from the other room faded in and out as Jennifer worked on my pussy. We had done this many times since my transformation and she had gotten REALLY good at it. Today however, she was pulling out all the stops! Struggling to keep it all in, what I really wanted was to be screaming out my satisfaction. 

One hand clutched frantically at the cushion of the couch. The other hand held a pillow to my mouth, in a semi-successful attempt, to muffle the mewing sounds I was unable to stifle. Spreading my legs to give her a better angle, my toes curled as my climax neared. 

Why is it the most powerful, make you want to scream at the top of lungs, orgasms always seem to happen in places where it is impossible, or at the very least socially unacceptable, to scream out your pleasure, like your parents bathroom or Church? That was the situation I found myself in a few moments later when, in the Church dressing room, soon to be clad in bridal white, Jennifer made me cum. My legs I had spread to give her a better angle, were now clamped tight to the side of her head, and I struggled to not tangle my fingers in her hair. 

After I had come down from my temporary high, I tried repeatedly to return the favor but she was adamant, 'It was MY day!' she said, and would not allow me. I finally resigned the fact she wouldn't let me reciprocate and began laying out my undergarments. I also had a couple of surprises for Chris that made even Jennifer's eyebrows go up when she saw them. 

With my body still glowing on the inside, we slowly helped each other into our dresses. And when I say 'helped each other' what I really mean is Jennifer helped me. In my defense, I had way more things to put on, including a special corset I had custom made for me by Her Majesties Corsetiere and shipped all the way from England. 

I won't bore you with the details of the wedding, honestly if you've been to one, you've been to them all. Its the same cookie cutter setup and ours was no different. What made it special was, it was mine. 

Even the receptions, depending on which part of the Country you're in, are pretty much the same way. Our reception was a pretty big affair, the full meal, a DJ, and a semi-open bar, and guests that stay late into the night. 

During our first dance, I set a key chain in Chris' hand while I gazed into his soft eyes. 

"What's this?" Chris asked when he took the key chain. 

"THAT is the key to my heart." I answered as the music began and we started moving to the beat. 

"Oh!" 

"It also unlocks the chastity belt I'm wearing." I whispered in his ear as I stepped in closer, wrapping my arms around his neck so I could still see his face. 

"OH!!" he responded with suddenly wide eyes. "And this?" he asked holding the remote. 

"That! would be the remote for the vibrating egg I have inside me." I answered with a smile. 

"Interesting." he responded while pushing the big button. 

Seeing he was going to try it out, I braced myself for what was coming. Not a moment too soon either, as it came alive inside me, churning my juices, my knees went weak. Wrapping my arms around him, I attempted to disguise my sudden stimulation as a loving embrace. 

It stopped, just as suddenly as it had begun, when Chris pushed the button again. It took a moment for my breathing to return to normal. 

"You're a little freak aren't you?" he whispered in my ear, resuming our dance once he felt I was supporting myself again. 

"You have NO idea!" I said. Stepping back to look him in the eyes, I gave him a smile. "but you will, starting tonight." I said with a wink, giving a little chuckle at his returned smile. 

The night wore on and as we mingled with our guests, Chris and I got separated for a bit. At first I thought he was getting me something to drink but could not find him at the bar. Getting myself a fresh glass of champagne I continued searching for him. My next guess was perhaps he was outside, enjoying a cigar with his friends. Turning that direction I headed toward the stairs. My dress swished as I made my way through the crowd, it's width leaving a large wake. Reaching the stairs, I hiked it up and started climbing, hoping to find him, instead I found Jennifer. 

"Jennifer!" I said with concern, noting the pained look on her face. "are you SURE you're OK with this?" I asked. "I mean, what about Greg? Have you called him? Maybe he would understand!" 

"I know what you're trying to do Danielle, honestly sweetheart ... I'm fine." she reassured me. "I've found the man for me, I know that now, and he's given me the most amazing gift I've ever gotten. If I only get to spend 15 days out of the year with him ... it's enough." 

"Oh sweetie!" I whispered giving her a big hug. "I love you!" 

"I love you too!" Jennifer whispered back. 

"Should I be jealous?" I heard Chris's voice behind me, question us teasingly. 

"Hey Chris." Jennifer greeted him 

"Hey Jen." Chris responded with a smile. 

"I am SO happy for you guys!" she said to Chris. "but as I was telling Danielle, I have to get going." 

"Are you sure?" Chris asked. "The night is still young." 

"Yeah. It's going to be an early morning tomorrow with Daniel." leaning in, she gave him a big hug. "Take care of her. She's the best friend I've ever had!" I barely heard her whisper in his ear. 

"I will!" Chris whispered back. "Me too!" 

Turning to me with this amazing, warm, teary smile on her face, she held out her arms to me and sighed when I held them with my own. "I am SO! SO! SO! happy for you! Remember what I said when you moved in with me? It's happened!" she said with a smile. "Now go! Enjoy your wedding night!" she concluded with air kisses on each cheek. "I'll see you tomorrow." 

"See you tomorrow." I replied, stunned. 

Chris stepped up to hold me from behind, his fingers locking over my tummy. I watched Jennifer as she swayed away, taking a part of me with her. 

A thousand tiny, imaginary, threads tied our lives together. Everything we had shared from our time before the corset, as well as everything in the year and a half since. As she walked further away, time slowed down, and I began to feel those threads snapping, one by one. At first I clutched at them, trying desperately to save them, but there were too many, and they were breaking too fast. By the time Jennifer reached the bottom of the stairs, all but one was broken. Turning back to look at me, that thread, that FINAL thread; the thread of our friendship, tied directly to my heart, ebbed with her smile, her love, and I felt that last link grow stronger. She was setting me free, free to be my own woman but keeping me close just the same. In my head, I grabbed onto that thread, putting all of my love for her into it, I fed it back to her. I know it wasn't real but I felt that connection between us solidify, expand until it wasn't just a thread; love, trust, support, it flowed like water, passing back and forth between us in that connection. Giving me a wink along with a slight uptick in her smile, she turned and headed for the door. 

"She's an amazing, incredible, strong woman." I heard Chris's voice from behind me as we both watched her retreating figure. 

"You have no idea." I muttered. Thankfully he didn't appear to have notice the effect her departure was having on me. 

"Maybe we should take her advise." Chris murmured into my ear, his hot breath giving me goosebumps all up and down that side of my body. 

"OK." I responded numbly. After a brief goodnight to our guests, we slowly made our way to the honeymoon suite, my spirits lightening with every step. Jennifer was right, this WAS my night! I should be ENJOYING it! I had just gotten married, it's not like we would never see each other again! 

By the time we got to our room, I was fine, laughing, giggling, and pawing all over my new husband as we entered the honeymoon suite. 

It was an amazing summer night, not a cloud in the night sky, cool without being cold, the moon was full and the stars were out. Our honeymoon suite also had a small balcony that overlooked the city. While it still bothered me we had to cancel our Honeymoon at the last minute, I refused to let Jonathan Pierce ruin my wedding night. Shoving all thoughts of him away, I stepped out onto the balcony taking a deep breath of the cool night air. 

Standing there on the balcony next to the rail, I looked out over downtown. I remember seeing the cars and people on the street below and thinking 'You've come a LONG way baby!' my thoughts turning briefly to the first time I wore the corset, and the revelation of it's powers. Chris's fingers encircled my slender waist, my body tingled with his touch, and my heart ached, because we wouldn't be going on the trip we had so carefully planned. 

I turned around into his embrace, his hands coming to settle on the back of my hips just as his kiss came down on my lips. I poured my soul into the kiss I returned. All of my stress, stress from planning the wedding, stress from worrying about Jennifer and Daniel Jr, stress about work and my 'responsibilities' there, every bit of it, everything I had been carrying, melted away in his loving embrace. 

"I have something for you my love." I whispered. 

"Does it involve this." he asked, activating the egg inside of my pussy with no warning. He had been doing that off and on, all night long, and we both knew I was dripping from the stimulation. With no audience around to look normal for, I collapsed into his arms, a quivering, trembling ball, oozing sex. 

My body was alive in a way it hadn't been for so long and the fact that my satisfaction was entirely, 'literally' I thought seeing the key and key chain, in his hands! 

I expected him to turn it off after a few seconds like he had been doing all night but I guess being in the privacy of our suite had awoken something in him as well. Carrying me over to the bed, I whimpered and moaned as he set me down, giving me another kiss. 
