 "Talk about a long day," you thought as you walked through the door. It was so nice to have been able to drop the kids off at their grandparents. Your husband is traveling for business and would not be home for four more days. The kids would be home Sunday night, so you had the entire house to yourself for the weekend. A little salad and a small glass of wine for dinner, something light and quick. As a habit, after eating you quickly wash and put away the dishes, before you remember your alone.

Now it's time to grab a book and curl up to read. Having the house to yourself is not a common thing. You pause tilting her head and listening; it had been a long time since you had last heard that sound... silence. During the school year and having to deal with students and at home your own kids and husband. Now it was time for you, not them. Moms need to relax too. The bed and the book on the nightstand are calling your name.

Pulling the blankets back, it's time to get ready for bed. As you undress you look at yourself in the mirror. Daily workouts and proper nutrition have given you a very healthy body. Healthy tone body, sculpted calves from miles of walking, firm breasts and a flat tummy. You smile as you look at the reflection staring back. Quickly pulling on shorts and a tank top it's bedtime.

Still smiling you walk back to the bed, the thought running through your mind "Damn, I look good."

Settling into the bed and fluffing the pillows propping them up, you settle back to read. Opening the book, you begin to enjoy the adventure of Scout, Jem, and Atticus. After reading a couple of chapters you lay the book down, turn out the light and get ready for sleep. Pulling the covers up to snuggle under them. "The night couldn't have gone any better," you think as you drift off to sleep.

Your eyes open suddenly, looking around for the noise that seemingly awoke you from your slumber. There is an acrid taste in your mouth and a different scent in the air. Startled, you begin to get up; it's at that point that you realize you can't move. The light suddenly flips on, and you are momentarily blinded. Though it actually happens fairly quickly, it seems like forever before your eyes adjust to the light and you can see again. Quickly you survey the situation. Black straps are fastened to both ankles, another pair attached just above the knees. Scanning up, you see that there are also straps above your elbows and a final set at your wrists. Attached to each of the straps was a nylon rope. You're tied down in an X on the bed. 

Beyond the bindings you also noticed you are nude. Nipples standing out, like pencil erasers on your tits. Your attention is drawn to the doorway by a sound, the sound of a man clearing his throat. Standing there just outside the bedroom you can see the silhouette of a man. He walks into the room and you notice that his blue eyes are devouring your nude body. His gaze actually cause a ripple of excitement in your mind. Though you should feel afraid, you know he is not a threat. Somehow, in your deepest being, you also know that tonight you will be his. The pools of blue that are his eyes continue to feast upon the sight of you. They are gazing into your very core. A slight smile graces his lips, you can just detect slight dimples in his cheeks.

He moves fluidly towards you. His hand reaches out and gently caresses your cheek. His touch is electric. Tracing his hands down from your cheek to the side of your neck. Lightly his fingers follow the collar bone to the hollow at the base. His fingers tantalizingly start moving down the center of your chest. As they reach the swell of your tits, you being to notice they are quickly rising and falling, your breathing is increasing as he explores freely. His fingers explore around the mounds of flesh, what feels like electricity arcs from his fingertip to your soft skin. You watch silently as his other hand is lowered to your chest as both hands slowly begin to massage your tits. Thinking it wasn't possible, your nipples harden even more under his touch.

Now with both hands on you exploring your exposed skin, you feel a tenderness in his touch. His hands graze your side, and though it tickles, the bindings prevent you from moving away. Quickly he moves so that he is between your splayed out legs. His hands continue roaming over your body. One hand trails down each leg goosebumps rise as his hands massage you. Down to your feet on each leg, massaging both feet and then slowly they are moving back up, coming closer to that junction that is your most intimate spot. 

You can smell your arousal, can feel the wetness begin to seep from pussy. In your mind, you can almost feel it spasm under only the gaze of this strange man. Finally, his hand cups the mound between your legs. As his hand covers it, you let out a moan that has not escaped from your lips in a very long time. You can feel the heat emanating from your very core. One finger pushes into you, sliding easily into your sopping wet cunt. A slight slurp sound is made as the pussy lips cling to the invading digit. As the finger breaks free of the wet lips, a string of your nectar clings to the tip, as though it is asking it to stay. 

He reaches back and grabs, what looks like a small block of plastic. You see him press a button and you're slowly pulled up and then spread out. Just as soon as you are in seemingly the perfect position, he lowers his mouth to your honeypot. You feel his tongue snake out and lick the length of your pussy. It traces down between your leg and outer lips; your eyes roll back in your head, you forgot how good this felt. Slowly his tongue continues to explore. Licking between your lips, between the inner and outer lips. His face is beginning to glisten with your juices as he continues to assail you. Looking down, you meet his eyes that peek out above your mound. The eyes that you will always remember stare at you, drinking in your beauty as his lips drink in your juices.

His fingers spread your pussy lips and his tongue slowly and licks and flicks your clit. He sucks it into his mouth and continues teasing it. One of his index fingers push into you; then he adds another. Seesawing in and out of you, he continues his oral assault. The juices are coating your fingers and lower half of his face. Dripping out of you they run down the crack of your puckered asshole. Now his tongue again starts to move over your cunt. Random tracing motions. Quick then slow movements, and he is humming. After a few moments you realize that the humming is a familiar tune and as his tongue plays over you, you realize that it's the ABC song and his tongue is tracing out each letter. About the letter "M" you feel the beginnings of an orgasm. It rushes over you and as he hits "W" your whole body quivers. 

He's not letting up, and now the fingers are becoming more active. One of the fingers is now pressing against your asshole. He works it into the first knuckle, then pushes further. It's so tight but feels so good. Two fingers slide into your cunt again. The other finger is still in your ass. Then all three fingers are working in and out in perfect harmony. Wet slurping sounds fill the room. Your mind is reeling. Another orgasm is threatening on the horizon, your mind cannot believe another one so soon. Your nerves are tingling; breathing is shallow and rapid. Closer and closer the wave comes. He's rapidly finger fucking you. Tongue and fingers, fingers and tongue, working in perfect synchronicity, they tease and thrill you. Suddenly the orgasm crashes over you. Your eyes close, as a satisfied, blissful smile appears on your face.

Then he is above you. The head of his cock is pressing into you. Slowly, inch by inch it pushes in. He bottoms out inside you then begins to pull out. The lips of your pussy clings to him, trying to keep him inside you. He stops with just the head inside you then slowly pulls it out also. He rubs his hard dick up and down your pussy. Suddenly he pushes inside you again, and then is thrusting, in and out, slow then fast. He continuously changes the rhythm and pace. It feels, unlike anything you've had in a long time. And though you are not doing this completely of your own free will, you realize that you really, really want this, you need it. Eyes closed you luxuriate in the pleasure being generated by the fucking you are getting.

Wait... you open your eyes, and he's no longer between your legs. The now empty pussy is opening and closing in desire for the hard cock that was just there and is now gone. But he is kneeling next to your head. His cock is right in front of your face. You know what he wants. You want to do it. He pushes the head against your lips and then between them. Your juices coat his cock eagerly you begin to lick and suck his dick. Tonguing and sucking him you clean your juices from him. He slides further into your mouth. You suck harder, your tongue flicking along the vein on the underside. He pulls out and your cheeks hollow has he pulls back. Then forward again, this time pressing against the back of your throat. 

The pressure causes your eyes to to water he stares at you and simply says "wrap the fingers of your left hand around your left thumb and squeeze, it will help." Then he pushes harder and you feel your gag reflex, as you squeeze your thumb, then sensation eases. His cock pushes into your throat. Easing out then back in and each time forcing back into your throat. Looking up into his eyes, you see a feral smile cross his lips. You can feel the throbbing cock, it feels like it's swelling. He thrusts faster. All you can do is press your tongue to the underside and wait for the moment his cum shoots into your mouth. Grabbing the back of your head, his pace quickens, and he's pushing all the way in with each thrust. He lurches forward and holds you, your nose is pressed into his pubic hair, and you can feel his dick pulsing as his hot cum shoots down your throat.

He softens in your mouth. He pulls out of your mouth, and his taste lingers on your tongue. He stands and moves back between your legs. His tongue drags across your pussy lips. He inhales your scent and licks again. He runs his tongue over and along your wet cunt. You feel as if a river of your own juices are running out. Then his fingers are there again. Two fingers pushing into your cunt. And now you feel him push the other two on that hand into your ass. You're so wet that your own juices are lubricating the fingers in your ass, slick and wet. All these sensations that your feeling are driving you insane, it's like you're one giant nerve ending

Then he's mounting you. The wind is knocked out of you as his upper body collapses on you as he fucks you. Quivering you love the sensation. Your pussy juice on his cock as he fucks you is making a squishy slurping sound. You are so wet. Then you notice that he's playing with the bindings. They are crossed over, what was connected on the left is now on the right. You feel that there is no tension on the bindings then he starts to turn you over onto your stomach and as you flip over the cords pull tight again. He has you on your knees with your ass and pussy in the air, and your tits are pushing into the mattress. 

His dick presses into you again but only a handful of strokes, then he's pressing against your puckered rosebud. His fingers have loosened you up just enough that the head pop in. He's pushing in, before you can protest, the mixture of pain and pleasure overtakes you, driving you insane. Desire floods your body. The cock is still pushing in. You feel so full. Never before had you thought that a hard cock in your ass would feel so good. You want him to have your ass he's taken all of your holes, you want more, you are about to cum again. You call out to him to fuck your ass harder you want his cum deep in your ass. He speeds up and you hope that he is close. If you can make him cum then you will achieve a small victory in his taking of you. Suddenly you feel him pulse as your ass is flooded. Cum is oozing out as he continue to fuck you. His cock softens and he pulls out of you completely. He's untied the bonds and lays you on your back.

He walked away and into your bathroom. You see him in there washing himself thoroughly. He's carefully cleaning his cock and groin area. Then you see him running two clean washcloths under the hot water. And he grabs a towel. And heads back into the room. He takes the first rag and begins to clean you up. After he wipes down your pussy and ass and inner thighs he throws that rag on the floor. Taking the second rag, he ensures that you are completely clean, no evidence of his ravaging.

He lays down beside you as you luxuriate in the feeling that he has brought out in your body.

His fingers lazily trace over your skin. Suddenly he kisses you. He must surely be able to taste himself as his tongue probes your mouth and duels with your tongue. That fact must not bother him. He continues to kiss you. Wow, the passion is rising again in you. His hand is playing with your tits. Fingers are flicking your nipples. 

He whispers into your ear, "I want you one more time, but I want you to want me. If you want me again, I want to hear you say it." Emotions tear through you, but you softly say that you want him. He looks at you tilting his head slightly to the side. Like he didn't understand what you said. "What was that he asks?" "take me, make me yours fuck me" he continues to stare. He is not moving. Suddenly you shout "DAMN IT, TAKE ME, FUCK ME MAKE ME YOURS FILL MY CUNT. TAKE YOUR CUNT. IT'S YOURS USE IT JUST FUCK ME" 

He puts you on top. He wants you in control this is your ride, you want him. You lower yourself onto his cock. It's warmth filling you again. Fuck, you realize that your pussy is already sopping wet again. Rising and falling you bounce on him. You want to make him cum you want to take him. You flex your pussy to clamp down on the shaft inside you. Your muscles working to milk him and make him cum. But there it is on the edge of your senses. Your going to cum... NOOOOOO you don't want to. But you can tell he is close. You know how you can win this, you can take him. You pull off and though the spasms of your pussy make it still want him inside you, you know that you can win if you use your mouth. 

Lowering your mouth, you suck him in. Working his cock with an eagerness that you did not know that you possessed, you work to bring him to climax. It feels as if he's getting closer. This will be easier than you thought. But then he grabs you and using his strong arms he flips you around, so your cunt is over his mouth. 69? The thought is lost as you feel his tongue on you, in you, tasting you. The race is on, you think. You want to win. You have to win. You must win. Sucking harder and alternating with your tongue on his cock and balls. He's eating you. His face looks like a glazed donut. You are sucking him, licking him, he's close, you're close. He begins to spurt into your mouth, but at the same time your thighs clamp down on his head flooding his mouth. It's the most frustrating but satisfying time of your life. 

After adjusting yourselves on the bed, he pulls your head to his chest and wraps you protectively in his arms. You look into his eyes and the lay down again on his chest, exhausted from the night's adventure. Sleep quickly overtakes you. As you drift off, a contented smile is on your lips. This was a wonderful night.

Stretching as you awake, you feel rested, but an unfamiliar soreness in your body makes you remember. Frantically, you look around the room, but the stranger is gone. You wouldn't even know if it was real or had even happened, but then you notice the stains on the sheets from your combined juices. You can feel it, you can see it, you remember it, but, why? Why does it feel like it was a dream?