 (Dedicated to my old gang from Mar-lin-do Lanes)
A true story of Gutter-lust

Introduction

I was a 19 yr. Old kid in college living in an upscale area of the San Fernando Valley. It was a 'Cottage Community' near Hollywood in the late fifties and I was commuting to the local Glendale College Campus while living at home so as to save money. My folks had money and I really didn't need to work as long as I stayed in school (the deal I made with my dad). I had an athletic scholarship waiting at USC once I brought the ol' grades up to a B average. Life was wonderful except for my girl friend (whom I had been dating for over 3 years. She had moved quite a distance to attend college near Santa Barbara at UCSB in Goleta, California

Holly was the only girl I had ever had sex with (and she was wonderful) but the distance and infrequent opportunities were taking its toll on me. Holly and I let the genie out of the bottle in our junior year of High School in the back seat of my '53 Ford and over the next 3 years we both developed a healthy and almost daily appetite for sex and I was getting real frustrated from forced abstinence. I had to practically soak the bed sheets off me in the shower every morning from the 'wet-dreams' I got dreaming of all that pussy I was missing.

My story is about to enter a short stupid stage of false bravado and the most inane dialogue you may ever read. But it is true and lends honesty to how an otherwise intelligent youth can find himself in a wasted environment of a poolroom and some pretty stupid, so called friends, who also have yet to discover the value and purpose of life. Finish this first Chapter and laugh, if you can, at Ron. He is truly an immature and pitiful kid in the company of others just like him. He (me) is about to meet the first real woman who will change his life forever. Listen to an honest accounting of that transition and judge for your self how valuable love and sex can be in motivating a youthful jackass into the real man hiding beneath that childish façade.

The Regression of a Misguided Youth 

About this time, I started hanging out after classes at the local bowling alley. It had a poolroom that paralleled and ran the entire length of the lanes with a series of large windows through which you could see across all the lanes. It was really the most unique view of perhaps any poolroom in a bowling alley. A few buddies I knew from High School were there almost every evening. Playing a few racks of pool with my buddies relaxed the classroom tensions and take my mind off of what I was really craving; Holly and her soothing pussy. It all worked well----until Sandy (no it's not her real name) came into the picture.

Sandy was a beautiful creature. She was 26, 5'7", 36-22-36 (Don't tell me 'bullshit'. That really was her dimensions. So shut up!). Top that with dark red hair and ruby red lips with this wicked little smile that said, "Fuck me." I was playing pool and she was bowling on Lane-One when I first saw her. I had turned toward the lanes due to one of the guys pointing out the tall chesty Redhead with the low-cut blouse. Man we were all soon plastered against the glass every time her turn to bowl came up. Our table was in the perfect spot so we could look through the window and back-up towards the foul line. Each time her turn came and she bent over to deliver the ball her beautiful tits would come into full-view. God, what a sight! I was getting a hard-on just looking at her bowl! When she noticed our attention she gave a smile that let us know she appreciated the audience. We all began arguing over whom she had intended that smile (or whether it was just for all). I knew it wasn't me because I was only 19 and just one of many at the window. Besides she was so damn hot and so mature and me? I was just kid with a hard-on, home sick for Holly's 'AWOL' pussy.

Every time Sandy threw the ball, she would look up and give us that sly little grin before walking back to the approach. She was obviously turned on and maybe by just one of us; but which one? We decided to make a bet. We all threw in a buck. Now house-rules said the cheapest bet in the poolroom was a quarter, but this babe warranted a whole buck. We decided the rules for winning the bet was this: When she bowled, only one of us would stand up close to the window and look down as she delivered the ball. If she only smiled at one of us, then that lucky bum got the money. If she smiled at two then they would split the pot. If more that, then all bets were off!

Being the newest arrival in the group they made me go last. No matter, I thought James would win it anyway. He was the oldest and a good-looking guy that always had some new 'twist' in tow. James was first and to all our amazement, Sandy thew the ball and turned around without so much as a notice. Someone said, "James, man she just threw you a 'gutter-ball'", and we all had a good laugh. New York Billy was next (yeah, we all gave each other stupid nicknames) and got the same treatment. Each in turn, Virginia Johnny, Buffalo Bob, and Froggy; they all got the same treatment. As each guy was snubbed the anticipation of winning the bet heightened and now it was finally down to me.

When it was The Leach's turn (they called me "The Leach" because I was always swiping their food), I tried to weasel out. I had my fantasy of what I wanted to do with the curvaceous Redhead and didn't want to 'Flame Out' like the others. If I had been allowed to 'take a pass' on the bet, I could fantasize it was me she had been smiling at and that fact alone would surely take her into one of my nightly wet dreams allowing me to make love to that gorgeous creature of a babe----even if only in a dream. No dice, I was forced to present my sorry ass and take my turn same as the rest.

She saw me (glimpsing out of the corner of her eye), before picking up the ball----nothing, 'Strike-one'. She got ready to deliver and looked once again before making her delivery and still nothing, 'Stike-two'. One of the guys said, "She's just a prick-teaser Leach; she'll start smiling when were all back at the window". And, I thought he was right, especially when she made that low-slide delivery and stood up just staring right at me with a kind of cold icy stare, 'Strike-three', and man I was outta there. Everyone was yelling! New York Billy said, "She really shot you down Ron (my real name)---she burned your ass to the ground"!

God, I was so embarrassed, turning beet-red and she was just standing and stabbing my heart with that stare of hers. Then, wait a fucking minute;-------she placed her hands on her hips and gave me a smile that could have melted the North Pole and then hip-swayed (you gals know what I mean) back up the concourse. Oh shit, was ol'Leach in heaven. I collected the bet and smiled as though I were Studly Dudly Do-Right and thought that was the end of that. Surely, I could now claim to be the wiley shy stud of the Mar-lin-do poolroom.

The guys tried to get me to go down to the lanes and make a pass, but I really was too shy and I also wanted to be true to Holly. Yeah, I was pretty square and a true blue kind of guy. Until! The next time Sandy bowled. You see, (unbeknown to us) she had gone into the restroom and removed her bra! What a hot bitch (and I mean that with respect) of a babe! She made her approach, low and slow as usual. We were all back at the glass as usual. And all eyes were looking as usual until; she slid to the foul-line with that low-cut blouse gapping open and the most fantastic set of tits any of us had seen (outside of Playboy) was in plain view. Nobody behind her in the bowling alley could tell what was going on. She stayed like that for about 5 seconds. Those magnificent mounds hanging loose in her blouse. As she stood up, her nipples were poking through the thin material due to her excitement of flashing the whole group. Then she pointed at me and mouthed, "That was for you"! Oh, my fucking luck! I later learned she had told her girl friend what she planned to do and then took a straight shot of Bourbon to get the nerve to 'deliver' (so to speak).

Man, I was the hero of the poolroom. And shy or not I wasn't about to let an opportunity such as this go by. I hung up my stick and headed for the bowling area but before I racked my cue and got to the door, she was already standing there. Smiling like a Cheshire Cat she said to all the guys, "Hi boys". The looking right into my eyes she said, "That was my last frame and I need a ride home, would you mind?" I looked back at the guys and in my 15 seconds of fame said, "Later guys I gotta throw some balls around." They really cracked up to hear ol'Leach talk like that because though I was shy she had me walking on air and I wasn't about to pass the chance to do a little bragging.

The mood was set, we were in tune, my pants were packed and she was stacked! Her "Approach" was a mere warm-up to the final delivery of what was to come.

I know the dialogue of my story is quite silly, immature and downright stupid but isn't that the reality of most 19 year old kids. I wrote the first part of my story very accurately as to the folly of youth. Sandy was about to change my life forever by seducing the man inside and causing me to discard my silly wasted youth. In the next couple of hours she would walk me from a child's playground in the park to her apartment of a mature sophisticated passion that was to prepare me for the rest of my life. I would never forget the sexual beauty of Sandy and the gift of her mature love as long as I lived!

You've struggled long enough. Ch. 2 is an erotic awakening that few kids are ever treated to. The next chapter will show an unbridled passion of a dedicated woman who really knows how to teach a boy what it's like to be treated like a man!

To Be Continued
Bowled Over Ch. 2
 (The Awakening) 