 It's summer and warm. My wife has decided that she doesn't like the dirty shorts that I wear all of the time and bought several pair of boxer shorts for me. They are the baggy type and new and stiff.

"I don't like these," I said, "they are too stiff and uncomfortable. I like my old soft shorts."

She took them and washed them with too much bleach. "To soften them up," she said. She also ripped out several of the threads to give them that worn look.

She gave them back to me saying that she wanted me to wear them, "...at least in the morning."

They were very comfortable, but a little worn in spots. I was wearing them the next morning at the kitchen table drinking my morning coffee when our neighbor knocked at the back door and let herself in. "Morning," she said. "I came over for some coffee." 

She was wearing a tight pair of shorts and a very thin tank top with a low-cut neckline. It was at least one size too small.

"You are looking very good this morning," I said.

She responded, "Thank you, your wife said that you deserved some 'eye candy' and I know how much you like looking at my breasts."

My jaw hit the table when my wife said, "Don't be rude. Get up and give her a hug and a good morning kiss, then get her some coffee"

I had a bulge in my boxers, but nothing was showing as I got up and walked toward her. I gave her a chaste kiss and put my arms around her.

I was not wearing a shirt and, as she moved her chest against mine, I could feel the warmth of her breasts and the sudden throbbing between my legs. My cock popped out of my boxers as she pressed her groin to mine and squirmed. "That feels good," she said as I disengaged to get her a cup of coffee.

She sat next to me at the table and I was not able to tuck myself back into my boxers until I calmed down a little. The three of us chatted at the table about our plans for the day. All the while she was stroking my inner thigh and touching just enough so that I wouldn't be calming down for a while.

The three of us were discussing our plans for the day as I glanced over at two gorgeous peaks straining against thin material. The swell of twin breasts moving gently with her breath had me hypnotized. I was suddenly struck by the silence. I looked up to see both women staring at me. "Did you say something?" I asked. Both women laughed and my neighbor, Julie, asked if I was distracted.

"I was just saying," my wife, Sue, said, "that you were learning about the health benefits of hugs and touching in your massage class."

"We had a class last week on some of the techniques," I said. I couldn't believe where this conversation was going. Sue knew that these were very erotic techniques. Was she really going to have me show them to Julie? I have had the hots for Julie ever since she and her husband moved in next door.

"Why don't you show her?" Sue said with a smile.

"I'd love to see," Julie said standing and releasing her caress of my thigh.

"I'm not very good at it yet, but if you want, I could show you what I learned," I said as I stood up. I moved in front of her and placed my hands on her torso just under her armpits and gave a gentle squeeze. I lowered my hands an inch and gave another squeeze. I continued this process down to her hips.

I glanced over at my wife. She was smiling and gave me a nod. I moved my hands around to Julie's buttocks and gave a firm squeeze and pulled her close. I proceeded slowly up her back using the same technique of squeezing then up an inch until I reached her shoulders. Her breasts were firmly pressed against my chest and she was softly purring.

I moved my hands to the center of her back and began the downward process a little slower this time pressing her closer to me with each squeeze. I reached her butt and ground her pelvis into mine as I was kneading her ass. I had my hands deep in her crack and was pulling her cheeks forward and then back. Her hands were on my shoulders and she was moaning softly. Her eyes were closed.

I pushed her away slightly and moved my hands to the front of pelvis. I was squeezing her hipbones and hesitated. I looked over at Sue. She was leaning forward in her chair, her arms resting on the table, and smiling. She mouthed, "Go on." I don't believe I have ever seen my wife more attractive than at that moment.

I moved my hands upward and under Julie's tank top. I moved my hands upward pushing her tank top along, squeezing and caressing. I reached the underside of her breasts and thought that I was in heaven. I had wanted to touch her breasts for so long that I lingered there. I pushed her tank top over her breasts and just played with her breasts.

"Do that lip thing that you were telling me about," my wife said. "Julie, you are going to just love this."

I pulled Julie's tank top off over her head and placed my hands on her shoulders. Julie put her hands on my shoulders. Her head was back and her mouth and eyes were closed. I leaned in close to her lips, but did not touch. My lips were a hair's breadth away and I gently blew onto her lips.

My cock was rock hard and I lowered my hands to her breasts. Her hands lowered to my nipples. My tongue traced the outline of her lips. Then I gently wedged open her lips with my tongue and traced the inside of her lips. I touched her tongue then withdrew and outlined her lips again.

She was panting as I ran my tongue down across her chin and onto her neck. I traced lower to the small hollow at the base of her neck and explored it with my tongue.

I couldn't believe my luck. I was with a woman who I had lusted after for a year and my wife was watching and encouraging me to go on. I cautioned myself not to be overanxious and to enjoy what was happening.

My tongue went lower between her breasts and onto her stomach. She was thrashing as I reached her navel and I grabbed her butt to steady her and still I went lower. I put both of my hands on her waist and pushed her shorts down so that my tongue had access.

Her shorts were down to her ankles when my head was between her legs. My tongue was still active and as low as I could go when she raised one leg to remove it from her shorts. My tongue thrust down and forward and she lifted her leg higher. She placed her leg on the chair and grabbed the back for balance with one hand. Her other hand was on my head.

My tongue found what it was looking for and took long licks from that sweet tunnel all the way up to the top and back down. I could do this all day, but she started to shudder and I had to grip her hard to steady her while my tongue was as deep as it would go inside her tunnel. She flooded me with sweet juices and I released her as she stopped shaking.

She pulled me up and said, "My turn," as she touched her tongue to my chin. She drew her tongue down my torso in much the same way I had done to her. She tongued both of my nipples, then started to play with them using her fingers as her tongue traced lower.

She reached the waistband of my boxers and, using her hands, pushed them to the floor. Her tongue caressed the top of my cock and found the head. She lifted my cock and ran her tongue along the underside to the head. The head of my penis was in her mouth and I could barely stand it.

She repeated this move several times, her tongue at the base of my balls moving slowly to the underside to the head of my cock, then taking it into her mouth and tonguing around the head.

I felt as if I was ready to explode. I looked over at my wife who was spellbound with her month open and had lust in her eyes.

I could take no more. I lifted Julie up and turned her around, then pushed her onto the table. My wife had an excellent view. I was beyond caring about being slow. I entered her from the rear and was a man possessed. I pounded her fast and furious until I collapsed against her back. She was as breathless as I was.

My wife was the first to recover and said, "That was the hottest thing that I have ever seen." She also said something about boxer shorts that I didn't hear.

I withdrew and sat back down. Julie didn't want to leave a wet spot on the chair so she pulled my chair out and straddled my legs. She sat down and adjusted my penis to press up against her.

Sue asked if I liked the boxers and all I could say was, "Oh, yeah." We then had to decide what we were going to do for the rest of the day.