 Slowly and carefully he peeled the clothes from his aching body and let them fall onto the cool tiles of the bathroom floor. She had given him a cup of some strange tea that had eased the worst of his hangover, but enough of it still lingered to make bending over disorienting and mildly painful. He had drunk enough last night to float a battleship in, trying to drown the visions from his mind. They had been attacking her, abusing her for refusing to give them her "services," and he had been so disgusted that he had stepped in and smashed a few heads so that they were aware of his feelings on pressuring an unwilling woman. He had seen her around the city a few times before, and knew that she was not a prostitute, as his fellow guards had assumed, but a travelling dancer and acrobat who was working in one of the more reputable taverns in the lower city, so he felt fully justified in showing them some integrity. The gratitude in her eyes had been more than enough thanks for him, but he still felt dirty by association, so he walked with her to her tavern and proceeded to try to drown his sorrows in the rich, nutty beer that was served as she danced.

He had sat there with his glass, watching the swing of her hips and various contortions with studied disinterest, occasionally wondering why he had turned down her offer of "payment" in thanks for his help, but as soon as his thoughts turned that way he would down his glass and proceed further along the road to oblivion. By the time her set was done he was completely drunk, and she had helped him to her rooms since he obviously could not make it to his own quarters. 

She had very kindly allowed him to sleep in her bed, and had served him a hot brew that had cleared most of the blinding pain in his temples when he awoke. Despite her continued offers, he declined any further reward for his assistance, asking only if he could use her bathing facilities before heading home. She had shown him in, and now he stood unclothed in the cool air of the bathroom, adjusting the flow of water until it reached his preferred temperature, the air beginning to fill with a swirling mist that gave the scene a dreamlike quality. 

He stepped into the stream of hot water, feeling it slip silkily over his bare skin, washing away his lingering hangover. He luxuriated in the feel of it, like fingers brushing over him, smoothing away the lingering ache in his muscles. Then somewhere in the midst of the stream of water there were fingers, tracing the line of his jaw, lingering over his chest and slipping down to his ribs. Despite the heat of the water he shivered, and felt those ghostly fingers following the tremors down his spine, separating at the base of his ribcage and flowing like water around his sides to meet and trace patterns on his belly.

Lips tickled the skin of his jaw, and then nibbled around the shell of his ear, moving down to suck and bite gently at his neck. He gasped involuntarily as he felt the sweet rush of hot blood to his groin, and felt the lips curve into a triumphant smile against his neck. She slowly pressed her body against his, allowing him to feel the curve of her breasts, the softness of the skin on her stomach and the silky feel of hair, then she inched her way around his body, twisting gently against him so that her warm body seemed to become one with the sensual twisting of hot water that played across his body. Finally she was facing him, leaning back so that there was still space between their bodies but taking his mouth in a soft kiss. At first it was a gentle, almost chaste kiss despite her obvious intentions, but she soon pushed harder against him, running her tongue across his lips seeking entry. He acquiesced, taking her into his mouth, and then pushing back into hers, where she massaged his tongue with her teeth and lips, slowly adding fuel to the coals that were already smouldering within him. He could hardly refuse her, not with his body demanding more of her, and so he stopped resisting and let the fires burn. 

When her mouth finally released him he was left gasping, dazed with the passion and heat, wanting so desperately but unable to clear his mind enough to take her. She smirked, obviously seeing the helpless lust that burned in his eyes, and slowly pressed her body against him so that he could feel her skin pressed hot and smooth against his pulsing length. His breathing sped and his pulse raced. She then knelt before him, sliding her body against his the whole way down so that the friction made him gasp and shudder, sick with wanting. He could tell without looking that a pearly drop of his passion lay on the end of his length, and she slowly leaned forward and gently kissed it away. Another drop formed and she kissed that away too, another kiss, another drop, another kiss, another drop until his whole being was concentrating on the fire pooling behind in his groin. He could see light shimmering in the water that swirled across the soft swell of her breasts. He shivered and concentrated hard, determined to draw the exquisite pleasure out as long as he could before he lost control, but he was right on the edge as it was.

She pulled away for a moment, letting the steamy air swirl around them, slowly running her fingers along his length to keep the friction up, but allowing him to cool down and regain control. He had barely managed to stop gasping for breath before she kissed his tip again, but this time instead of pulling away she opened her lips and drew the head into her mouth. The sensation was… sensational. He nearly came right then and there, and his body was shaken by helpless convulsions that shuddered along his pulsating length, but he fought down the urge because he was burning to feel the moment when she took him in entirely. She played him for a time, lipping at his head and teasing his slit until he was aflame with desire, then she paused, and took firm hold of his hips before taking his length entirely into her mouth. 

He could feel her throat muscles massaging the sensitive head of his penis as her tongue moulded to the underside of his length, and he could not help but thrust desperately into that hot, wet cavern, but she held him firmly and all he could do was moan and toss his head helplessly as she sucked him down into the depths of her. Her hand found his testicles and fondled them, teasing and touching, running her nails across the tender flesh of his inner thigh. Constantly her mouth worked on his entire length, gripping and releasing and caressing with the rough flesh of her tongue, causing what seemed to be impossible friction. And finally he could take no more, the tightness and desperate passion that seized him demanded and found an outlet and he was plunged into a sea of incredible pleasure, coming violently in streams of black velvet and bright colours, hands desperately clutching her hair as she gulped and swallowed him down. 

He fell against the wall of the shower, gasping for air, relief still shuddering through him. But hardly were the convulsions over than the beast at the base of his belly was up and wanting more.

"Mmmm, hard to please, are we?" She chuckled throatily, and took his hand, leading him still dripping from the shower and into the bedroom. He followed, completely dazed with heat and passion, still feeling the fire that smouldered in his gut. She let go his hand to sprawl across the bed, stretching languorously to display her body: the delicate feet and ankles, up the smooth skin of her legs and thighs to the curves of her hips, across her firm belly to the smooth swell of her breasts, the nipples dark coins on the mounds of cool white skin, the sculpted ivory column of her throat, her delicate features, lips moist with his spent passion and huge dark eyes crowned with a thick mane of silky black hair that rippled across her shoulders. He wanted her so much as she stretched and preened beneath his gaze, wanted to take her and feel her legs wrapped around him, feel her pressed tight against him and feel her sharing the need which was fast consuming him. He moved to pin her, to feel her take him inside her, but she flipped him onto his back just as he thought he had her, and before he even realised what she was doing she had locked his ankles into the cuffs that were attached to the posts at the end of the bed. For a moment he tensed, and then relaxed as she ran her hands down the sides of his body, carefully avoiding his belly or his manhood. She was obviously intending to draw this out as much as she could, and with his legs locked in place, there was very little he could do about it. Not that he minded much, the way things were going. 

He reached up and took her in his arms, hands wandering over her neck and down, cupping her breasts, feeling the silky skin of them before rubbing the pad of his thumb over her nipples. He felt them become hard and hot under his hand and smirked, pleased that she was just as susceptible to pleasure as he was. Keeping her distracted with his hands, he let his mouth wander, licking and nibbling her neck, tasting the sweet, musky sweat of sex on her skin. He moved down to nuzzle her nipples, sucking at them and smiling when she shivered and moaned. His hands went down to cup the cheeks of her buttocks, pressing his fingers into the firm flesh and feeling her arch her back so that their bellies touched, shivering when her hair brushed the tip of his manhood. His hands were beginning to caress their way up the inside of her thighs when she grabbed his wrists, forcing them wide so he was spreadeagle on the sheets.

"Oh no you don't, this is my turn," she muttered, her voice sending tingles down his spine, and then proceeded to cuff his hands to the bedposts so he was utterly helpless.

"Much better. You know, you're really appealing when you're vulnerable." She laughed quietly to herself, then set her hands to work, fingertips tracing patterns in fire across his skin, mouth trailing hot kissed all over his body, except for one area, which she strategically avoided just to taunt him. He was so swollen it was almost painful, the way his penis throbbed as every beat of his heart sent hot blood rushing through it. Without even touching his length she had him right on the edge again, using hands and mouth to tease him so that he shook with barely contained lust. She intoxicated him so that he could barely tell who he was, all he knew was the smell of her, the feel of her body and the sweet fire that burned between his legs and demanded to be satisfied. He bucked against his restraints, could feel the tension in him building…

And then she stopped, and simply lay quietly beside him until he calmed. Then she took him again, teeth, tongue, lips and hands. She pushed him right to the edge again and again, over and over until he was crazy with desire, burning with built up tension and desperate for relief. 

"You know, I don't think you deserve me," she said as she paused in her torment of his throbbing body, "I'm not sure if you've earned the full treatment." She was going to leave him like this!

"Please…" he whimpered through gritted teeth, "please…" She laughed, kneeling beside him so that her nipples jutted across his line of sight, sending a fresh flood of desire through him. The tyrant between his legs demanded to be satisfied. 

"You beg very nicely. I think I'll give it to you, even if you don't deserve it." The she straddled him, high across him so that she wasn't touching his length yet. He arched his back, desperate to be within her, straining as high as his restraints would let him, but she kept just out of reach. Then slowly, oh so slowly she lowered herself, so that is tip was pressing against her entrance. He was shaking and desperate, straining to reach but he was at the end of his chains already, so he could do nothing to speed her slow descent onto him. Millimetre by excruciating millimetre she impaled herself on his throbbing penis, making him shake and moan and beg for her to go faster, faster! But she would not accede to his whimpered pleas, and kept up the slow penetration until he was completely insensate to anything but the pleasure and torture between his legs. Then suddenly she rammed herself down onto him, leaning back so that he entered her completely, and he arched his back helplessly and screamed. 

Ruthlessly she pushed him down, grinding his buttocks into the sheets but he barely felt it. He was surrounded by yielding softness, drowning in heat and moisture, unable to do anything but feel. She held him completely immobile, watching with a smirk on her delicious lips as he shuddered and convulsed beneath her, but stopped him from moving too much so that his passion began to ease. Then, when he finally stopped trembling, she leaned into him and clenched all her abdominal muscles. He could feel them tighten around him, contracting so that he was enveloped in supple, quivering flesh. She relaxed, and then tightened again, over and over so that her velvety walls gripped and released him in rhythm with his panting moans. She began to rock back and forward, shifting her pelvis and clenching her muscles, all in time with the beat of his heart that sent the hot blood throbbing through his pulsating length. She brought her mouth down to his, and slowly, ever so slowly pushed her tongue into his mouth, gradually becoming more demanding as her pace increased. They rocked hard together in perfect timing, her hands wandering freely over his skin, now moist and sensitive with the sweat of passion. His nipples were as hot and swollen as his penis, and as her fingertips rubbed and twisted it felt almost as if the two parts of his body became equal in the pleasure they caused to burn through him. Now she acceded to his whispered demands, moving faster, pushing harder. With every twist of her hips he could feel himself pulsing deeper and higher into her body. She was panting now, her body slick with sweat so that she slipped easily against him, every touch of her hand was burned on his skin, every kiss from her lips smouldered in his mouth and lightning raced between them everywhere their bodies touched. He could tell that this time, she would not hold back, this time she would loose the jesses and they would soar together. And he had never wanted anything so much before in his life.

They continued, he thrusting deeply into her body, she caressing every bit of his body within her reach. She reached behind her to tease and fondle his testicles, drawing them out where they had been tucked tightly into his body, then leaned forward and kissed her way, panting, from his navel up his chest to his lips. He moved from her mouth and bit his way along her jaw line, his breath hot against her neck, and then thrust hard into her so that she leaned forward and her breasts came into range of his mouth, where he proceeded to suck and nibble on them until she was nearly sobbing with pleasure. He burned now with so much need and passion that he was convulsing helplessly, thrusting deeply into her and she clung to him and rode him as a cowboy does a bronco, moving with him and around him, wrapping her thighs round his waist he could feel the play of her muscles along his legs. He could feel it now, an intense and irresistible pressure building within him, liquid fire pooling behind his groin, and the pace of his thrusts increased.

Then it all snapped. He arched is back and plunged helpless and unresisting into a blazing, blistering universe where nothing existed but heat and moisture and the throbbing of steaming blood and fluid through his manhood. He could feel every muscle in his body straining, feel his vocal cords stretch as he screamed his almost unbearable passion in insane duet with her. Just when he thought he could stand no more of the searing, blazing relief it began to ease and he fell back against the tangled sheets, completely limp from such massive release. She lay, heavy atop him, letting him go soft within her, murmuring softly in his ear until he slowly drifted from orgasm to sleep. 

He woke languorously to the feel of fingers lightly tracing the lines of his body, this time not to tease and inflame but soothe and relax. She had undone the cuffs while he slept and now lay cradled in his arms, her head resting in the curve of his shoulder while one hand lazily tracing patterns on his chest. He rolled slightly and gently touched his lips to hers, in unspoken thanks for the pleasure he had received. Pleasure; the word hardly seemed adequate for the act that had dazzled him with its intensity and was now burned into his mind. It had all happened so fast! But what was currently foremost in his mind was a question that had been bothering him from the beginning.

"Do you habitually sleep with handcuffs attached to your bedposts?" he asked bemusedly. She chuckled, her voice husky and deep in her throat.

"Yes, actually." Pause.

"Does on dare ask why?"

"There's good reason for it. Should gentlemen such as those you saved me from confront me here, I simply pretend to do to them what I did to you, but once I have them chained down I simply get up and leave them there for an hour or two. After a while I come back in and start cleaning my nails with a knife. I love the moment when they realise just how helpless they are, and their eyes are just filled with desperate pleading, and they squirm, instinctively trying to get their legs closed. I let them suffer for a while, and then put their belts on them, tie their clothes to their belt and force them out the door at knifepoint. It's really quite satisfying." She chuckled, and wriggled further into the crook of his arm.

"I think I pity them a great deal," he murmured. It was true, in that position a man was completely vulnerable. He felt so utterly drained, but also completely satiated. They lay in contented silence, enjoying the feeling of being close, until she shifted to look into his eyes. 

"Don’t think I took you out of any sort of gratitude either. I took you because I like you. You getting off your face merely made it easier for me to get what I wanted." She smirked, supremely pleased with herself, and poked him in the ribs with an accusatory finger.

"Don’t tell me you didn't enjoy it."

"Hardly! That was… incredible." He shook his head. "I've never experienced anything like that before."

"I should hope not! I'm very, very good at what I do." She was completely right on that score.

"I noticed."

"I think I noticed you noticing."

He paused, running his fingers through her elegant wealth of hair.

"So, how long will you be staying here?" He asked casually. She just laughed.

"Long enough, dear boy, long enough!" she said as she pulled him to her.