 Richard's mother was waiting in the kitchen when he arrived home. "Its eight thirty, where have you been all night?" she asked a frown on her face.

He grabbed her and waltzed her around the room. "You know where I've been and who I've been with," he smiled, "you asked me last night and Mum, I've had a night I'll never forget." 

She laughed and tried to escape from his arms." you're a silly young bugger." she cried, "let me get breakfast."

He kissed her on the lips. "You had better wash up, you reek of sex," she said as she pushed him away.

Richard was still horny after along night with Chandelle. He found his mothers opposition exciting. He looked at his mum, "I think you're jealous," he cried. 

He moved over and kissed her on the neck. "Stop it" she cried as she felt a tremble in her thighs. He ran his hands up over her tight bum. "Wouldn't it be great if I could spend the night with you one day," he said as he kissed her hard. 

"Oh no never," she cried as another tremor of excitement sweep over her body. "I'm your mother, that's incest, it's against the law, so don't be so stupid" she cried as she ran from the room.

Richard stood in the shower his hand holding his throbbing cock. He could not forget Chandelle. He had only left her an hour ago, but his cock was rock hard and his balls bursting.

She was tremendous, she let me do anything, she seemed so happy; she just let me do anything, he thought as he remembered their night together. 

He fooled around for a while making up his mind, before he rang Chandelle's mobile.

A sleepy voice answered after it had rang for some time. "Is that you?" he asked. "Richard? Oh Richard, what's wrong love?" 

"Can I come over?" he whispered "What, so soon? It's only an hour since you left," she cried her voice gradually becoming clearer and more excited. 

"I don't care, I want you," he whispered. "I m as hard as rock and I want you." "I want to kiss your pussy:" he whispered "I want to suck on your magnificent breasts." "I want to stroke you and touch you." "I want to fuck you." 

. How long will it take you to get here?" Chandelle moaned. "Fifteen minutes, be ready," he cried as he rang off. 

Chandelle stretched her long brown body and thought of Richard. Last night had been the most exciting sexual experience of her whole life. 

It wasn't just the physical sex that had turned her to butter in his hands. It was the way he treated her, the respect he paid her body. The love that filled her ears when he spoke.

Richard was an inventive and enthusiastic lover. Lover was the word. He loved her in every position, in every way. At no time did she feel used. Like she had felt in the past. 

He had immediately taken her in his arms and cuddled her close when they slipped into the back seat of the car. There was no sense of rushing, no hurry. He kissed and stroked her before and after they made love. 

He talked to her, whispering what he would like to do and how much he had enjoyed what they had already done. She was overwhelmed, he was so loving so considerate of her feelings, she had felt as though she could just cry.

Never once did she feel neglected never once did she feel he had had enough and wanted to go home. He kept returning to take her in his arms time after time. 

She smiled as she remembered how he had been nervous when he asked her to do it dog fashion the first time. 

She hadn't like doing it that way; it was an animal's position where the man was in control. Last night she had felt so good that she agreed readily, when he asked. 

She recalled how he stood behind her in the car park as he positioned her so she stood with her feet on the road. She had let her head fall down on the back seat and waited. 

Richard bent over her back and reached around to massage her clit for so long that in the end she was willing him to fuck her dog fashion or not. 

His hand had never stopped running around in little circles on her clit even when she started to buck and push back when they both came. 

His fingers were like feathers. They stroked her pussy and her clit, so light, so soft, that she was a bundle of nerves always tingling, always expecting.

Finally when her body had reached a peak unknown to her in the past, he had leant over her back and bit her on the shoulder. 

"You're wonderful," he had whispered. "I love the sight of your body from this angle. You have the shape of a classic artist's model. it's perfect. Your brown skin excites me, especially your tiny waist and those lovely cheeks." 

She trembled as she remembered how he had stroked her bottom with one hand and sighed," Your perfect," as his cock entered the mouth of her pussy.

Chandelle shook her head and struggled to her feet, reliving the night's experiences had made her heart beat faster and her juices flow; she would have to shower before Richard arrived.

Richard rushed out of the elevator and hurried to her room. When he knocked the door was not locked and swung open allowing him to slip in quietly. 

Chandelle had showered. She was lying naked on the bed, her legs open allowing him full view of her black pussy.

Richard could not recall later how he got out of his clothes, or what he had said or done. He knew he had the most mind blowing orgasm that he could ever remember. 

He knew that Chandelle had kept him alive time and again, until he was so completely drained that he didn't believe he would ever get hard again. 

He remembered how he lay on his back holding Chandelles beautiful tits in his hands as her body bounced on his, until they both collapsed in a sweaty cum soaked heap.

Down stairs he steered her to a table in the coffee shop. The cold leather seat reminded her that Richard had kept her underclothes the night before. "Where's my thong?" she whispered after the waitress left with their order.

His hand ran up between her legs and touched her pussy. "You don't need it." "Maybe not," she grinned, "but where is it."

"Oh hell, don't you remember, I hung it on the limb of that tree in the car park. You know the one with that big low branch that you laid over for me." 

She blushed, making him laugh. He kissed her ear and whispered quietly, "Yes that's the one, remember, not dog fashion, gorilla fashion. It wasn't very successful but it was fun. Remember?" he asked licking his fingers from her pussy.

Remember, how I could forget,"" she cried I have never had so much fun in my life."

"Me too, what a night." Richard's fingers returned to play with the lips of her pussy under the coffee shop table. "I'll have to go back up there and rescue it, if someone hasn't already taken it. 

"Would you like to come with me?" 

"What now?" she asked her face showing her surprise. 

"No! Its daylight, people would see what I want to do with you, let's go up to your room first," he whispered as his hand flicked her clit making her body jump.

"Behave the waitress is watching," she said as she squeezed her legs together trapping his hand.

It was two o'clock in the afternoon when Richard kissed Chandelle and headed home. He had the afternoon cookie run to look forward to as he strode out of the elevator into the lobby. 

He heard a voice call, "Richard," and turned to see coach Jorgensen's wife Bettina waving across the lobby. 

Shit what's she doing here, he thought as he made his way over to her corner booth. "Hi," she whispered. "I'm waiting for a friend, she's very late. Will you sit and have a drink with me I don't like sitting on my own." she whispered as she waved for a waiter. 

Richard ordered a drink and sat back studying Bettina Jorgensen. She ran a fitness centre with her husband as a sideline to his coaching position at school.

Her body reflected the hours she put into the fitness business. Her body didn't carry an ounce of fat. Her legs and arms were hard and muscular, she was one fit lady.

"My god you look great, he said "I don't think I have seen any one who looks so fit. How do you do it?" "Thank you, I work at it," she said smiling at his compliment.

"I'm not into gyms or exercise centres, coach Jorgensen keeps us pretty fit at school."

"You look pretty good." she said, "a few days with me and you'd be much fitter. You would loose that little flab on your hips."

Richard looked around, "have you got x-ray eyes," he whispered "I though my shirt hid that. Don't tell coach he hasn't noticed yet."

"Sit beside me," she ordered and I'll check you out while we are waiting." Richard had been sitting opposite her in the booth. He stood up and slid on to the seat beside her.

"You're quite tall," she said, you can carry a bit of weight. She ran her hands over his arms, "lift up your shirt." "Hey," he growled "this is a lobby bar." 

"Stop being a wimp," she cried, "no one is sitting nearby so there is no one who can see over here."

She pulled his shirt out of his trousers and grabbed a handful of skin, "this is flab you haven't been training."

Richard sat looking down at her hand and the handful of fat she was holding. "I can't leave you alone for long," a woman`s voice said with a laugh. 

Both Bettina and Richard jumped and turned around to find a small tanned blonde woman standing a few feet away.

"Oh Harriett," Bettina cried, "You startled me." "So I should, when I find you undressing a young man in a bar." Harriet replied.

Bettina wasn't embarrassed, "this is Richard he's one of my husband's footballers, we were looking at his extra flab around his waist."

Harriet gave a little laugh, "Is that what you were doing?" She pushed Richard over and slid in so the three of them were occupying the bench seat.

Her hand joined Bettina's on his stomach, "yep he'll have to work that off," she agreed. 

Richard was keen to get out of the booth, but they ran their hands all over him, laughing as they checked him out. "Harriett is going to work in the fitness centre," Bettina said as they moved to let him escape. 

"Drop down after school and we'll get you fit". "Thanks I'll think about it," he called as he left. 

Harriet and Bettina huddled together in the booth. "He could be the one we want," Bettina said as they raised their glasses.

Harriet and Bettina had planned to meet to talk about sex. Both were fed up with their non performing husbands and the big chested ego trippers at the fitness centre. 

They were looking for a bit of excitement, something different.

They had met over coffee on two other occasions to talk of new sex partners and where to find them, but accomplished nothing; 

Today Bettina had stumbled on Richard. He was young clean cut, and well built. He was what locals would call a decent young man. Harriet, who had run her hands over him thoroughly, swore he was well hung.

How to catch his eye and his interest was the question. How to have him satisfy their needs. How to let him know they were interested in a threesome.

Richard was late on his cookie run. The mums looked forward to his visits to collect cookies for the markets. Most of them arranged for him to visit at times when they would be alone. 

He would look for their signal before proceeding inside where they waited. He would always kiss them thoroughly and run his hands over their bodies before a word was said. Richard had become the highlight of many bored mums day.

He was still recovering from his long sessions with Chandelle. He was going to see her again tonight. His plan for the cookie drive was to kiss and cuddle, lick a little pussy and do his best not to end up fucking. 

Thirty eight year old, long legged Jennifer had been a virgin when she married. She had been shy and timid when she met Richard. 

Three months later her pussy tingled when she thought of him. He had made her so proud of her body especially her long sexy legs that she now was in full control of her life. 

She had a new confidence in herself and it showed in the way she walked and appeared in public.

She waited for Richard inside her front door. He grabbed her and kissed her running his hands down her body to hold her by the cheeks of her backside. 

"Behave" she whispered, "didn't you see my signal, cooks out in the kitchen she's used a different recipe for her cookies today; She has waited to let you taste them before you deliver them to the market."

"I want to taste you," Richard whispered. He dropped to his knees and lifter her skirt. "Good girl he whispered no panties."

His hands held her buttocks as his tongue and lips kissed and licked around the edge of her clean shaven pussy. 

"That's nice, you've shaved," he whispered as his hands eased her legs apart. 

Jennifer didn't know what to do. She loved the way Richard licked her pussy. At night she lay beside her snoring husband and played with her clit.

She would recall, as her hands worked her pussy, how Richards tongue felt as it urged her body to respond with shuddering gasping orgasms.

"Cook," she gasped, "stop it, cook's out in the kitchen she'll hear." Richard had slipped his finger into her pussy and moved it with his tongue as it licked her clit. 

Jennifer shuddered, "Oh hell," she groaned. "That's nice but please stop we can't get caught." Richard knew she was right. "Where's the maid and your sons," he whispered. "They're out, it's only the cook," she moaned.

"Ok, go up to your bedroom. I'll come up shortly. Remember our first time, strip off and wear those tall stilettos, put on your black stockings and a garter belt. 

Nothing else just you, put your hair up and use some of that sultry red lipstick I bough you." "Hurry I'll go and see cook, try her cookies and send her home."

Richard snuck up behind Jennifer's cook, she was singing low as she washed dishes in the sink. He slipped his arms around her and held her large soft tits. "Guess who?" he whispered.

"It could only be you master Richard," she giggled, "You're the only one cheeky enough." 

Jennifer had employed a Pilipino maid and cook. Richard had befriended the cook when they started. She was the best cookie maker in the group. 

She loved cooking; the trouble was she loved food. She had started to put on a lot of weigh from eating her own cooking.

Richard liked her large soft body. He turned her around and kissed her. His hands squashed between them, still pinched her nipples and rolled her tits "Be careful" she whispered "the Mistress is home." 

They packed the cookies, stopping to kiss when his hand ran up under her skirt and fingered her pussy. She rode his finger. Her body moving back and forth, "you always tease me," she cried "when are you going to fuck me?" 

"Soon, soon," Richard said as he thought of Jennifer upstairs,

They kissed while he helped her gather her things "I'll have to call on your mistress," he said as he kissed her and watched her walk to the gate. 

Upstairs Jennifer stood in front of the mirror. She ran her hands up under her breasts and pulled her nipples, she was wet. She had one or two minor orgasms as she undressed and remembered her first time with Richard.

Richard loved her long legs and her mouth. She loved the way he would kiss her and whisper to her for hours, telling her how horny her legs made him. 

When they had both become so horny they could scream, he would suck on her lips and whisper, "Your legs are beautiful but now I want those luscious lips wrapped around my cock." 

Her heart skipped a beat as she heard him coming up the stairs. She checked herself in the mirror and turned as he came in the door.

Richard stopped "my god you're beautiful," he moaned "you're just fucking magnificent." He licked his lips; her tall slim body was taller still in a pair of very high heels. 

The black stockings and garter belt stood out in stark contrast to her smooth white skin. Her hairless pussy gleamed in the shallow shadow between her legs.

But it was those lips, wearing a lipstick he had bought, that made his cock rear. Those lips that had sucked his cock so often in the past beckoned him, making him moan. "I want those lips wrapped around me." 

She moved over and knelt in front of him. "I knew you would want me, I can't wait to taste you," she whispered as she looked up into his eyes,'

She watched him as his trousers dropped around his knees .Her hands pushed his boxers down until his cock sprung free. She took it in her hands and stroked it, all the time looking up into his eyes. 

"I love your cock," she groaned. "I love sucking it and kissing it it's beautiful."

She seemed to wet her mouth before she moved forward until her lips encircled the head. Her tongue flitted out and in, her mouth lightly touching his slit then backing off. 

Her lips left a trail of lipstick that he would marvel over later in the shower, when it would remind him of the hours they spent together while she sucked his cock.

She rolled her head from side to side, a lump formed in her cheek letting him see where his cock pushed hard against her cheeks.

She would take him all in until she would gag and then slowly ease back until she was once again licking its head. 

"Like that?" she whispered as she looked up at him once more.

"Oh yes," Richard moaned, "oh yes that's lovely."

Her lips and tongue concentrated on the head and nothing else for a few minutes, until still looking him straight in the eye she slipped her lips down his length to his balls. 

He grunted when she took one then the other into her mouth and sucked gently. 

"Oh my god," he cried "your wonderful."

Richard felt weak in the knees. In three short months shy timid Jennifer had become an expert at sucking his cock. At first she had been tentative, or maybe the word was indifferent. 

In those early days she worked his cock so vigorously with her hands and mouth that it was obvious she wanted to get it over and done with as soon as possible. It would take a couple of minutes before he would come.

She didn't swallow, making it obvious that it was distasteful or maybe dirty. She would quickly take it out of her mouth and let it blow on her hands or his clothes. She treated it like a chore.

Now after many afternoons of loving she couldn't get enough of his cock. To be truthful he thought I can't get enough of her mouth, she's fantastic.

While he day dreamed, Jennifer stroked his now near pulsing cock, running her finger nails lightly up and down its length and around the head. 

Her tongue kept returning to lick around its head; she had found a little patch under the head where it joined the shaft that drove him crazy when she kissed it.

He held her hair back to watch as she let her tongue flick that patch lightly. He felt his balls tighten, He started to breath heavily. His toes tingled.

"I'm going to come," he whispered. She looked up at him, her eyes saying yes do it.

Her hands came round to hold his arse, pulling him in tight as he felt his juices spew into her mouth. She looked up at him with love in her eyes as she swallowed.