 It's 2:00 AM and I woke up laying naked in bed. He's standing beside it also naked with his hand stroking his cock in silence and quickly ejaculated on my chest and face. The feel of his warm cum as I rubbed it on my nipples which gave me an orgasm. Then I lifted my head and realized that it was all a dream and a reoccurring one at that. I'd been obsessed with him for a while, imagining him when I masturbated at bedtime and in the shower.

His roommate is my boy toy who's tall and very handsome. Larry was shorter and not bad looking but not what I call hot. A Saturday night party at their apartment involved a lot of drinking and as usual tall Dale was hitting on every woman there but me. I was feeling a little tipsy and very horny. Most of the guests had gone home and Larry was cleaning up the kitchen. I walked up to him as he was washing glasses and put my arms around his waist pressing my hips into his cute butt. He gave off a pleasing sound so I put my hand on his goodies. He said that I could keep that up all night. Thinking OK I will and unzipped his fly to put my hand in to run his cock through his briefs. This went on for a minute or two and he got hard so I told him to take me to my apartment and leave his fly still open. He hesitated at the door so I grabbed his belt and dragged him inside. The drinking had completely eliminated all my inhibitions. I'd left the lights on low hopping to get lucky tonight and I unbuckled his pants and pulled them down to his knees. His tight briefs couldn't hide his hard on and when I pulled them down his dick shot straight out bumping my nose. 

Many times I had longed to feel him in my mouth imagining that his dick was fat and long. I was in awe of how it looked. What he lacked in the looks department when dressed, he more than made up for with his pants down. It wasn't long and fat but had a great overall shape with veins bulging around it and the head was dusty rose colored with a beautiful high coronal ridge on the top and sides. I stroked it and loved the feeling of its rock hardness. As I took him into my mouth licking the head and underside with vigor it throbbed with a life of its own. Taking him deeper and deeper until my lower lip was pressing on his ball sack and I gently massaged his testicles while occulting my tongue along the underside and around the head. I pulled back and played with the head and licked the underside as hard as I could. He came hard and shot a load of cum on my face. I just kept up my licking until he stopped cumming, slurped up the spillage and sucked him to keep it hard. I stripped the rest of his clothes off and shed mine to the pile on the floor. He isn't a hard body but trim and that beautiful cock was still hard and I wrapped my hand around it leading him into the bedroom like a dog on a leash.

Standing beside the bed I gloomed onto his naked body with his pole between my legs and felt my juice running to coat his shaft. Lots of deep tongue kissing feeling my climax building as he played with my ass and rubbed his dick against my nether region. I pushed him onto the bed and sat on his face. He put his lips and tongue to work on all my goodies while he massaged my perky tits and pulled on my nipples. While he wasn't the best at oral that I've ever had it did feel good but I craved an orgasm. I moved down to his crotch and guided his cock to rub my labia and clit then moved it to the entrance of my vagina. I lowered myself slowly onto his hard shaft. The feeling of his cock filling me inch by inch was wonderful. He didn't thrust up giving me complete control as I savored the feeling of him inside me. My cowgirl thrusts felt fantastic and my orgasm came quickly. Waves of pleasure washed over me, which gave me to want even more craven passion. As my orgasm subsided I paused to roll onto my back and pulled him on top of me. The feeling of his weight on my chest and his hard penis pressing on my vulva was delicious. He raised up between my legs and without pausing pulled my legs apart and drove his entire shaft into my pussy with one strong thrust which felt wonderful. 

The feeling of him fully inside me was more exciting then other men who were larger down there. He put his hands under my shoulders and grabbed my wrists holding me captive as he thrust into my love hole and his ball sack slapped my ass. My vagina contracted to hold him tighter and my juice let him slide in and out which pulled on my clit until I came. He slowed his thrusts until my orgasm subsided then he picked up the pace and he shot a load of cum that hit my cervix giving me another orgasm. Putting my kegel exercise to use I squeezed his cock to keep him hard without thrusting for a minute then pulled back and rolled over onto my stomach and reached back to grab his penis to guide it toward my sweet spot. Doggy position is a favorite of mine and he obviously liked it too. He rubbed his cock on my butt cheeks and hole then my vulva before slowly sliding his wonderful member inside my pussy. I was still very wet and the feel of him filling me up was fabulous. His long slow strokes found my G spot and my orgasm built quickly. He put his thumb in my ass as he continued to thrust and I came like gangbusters and he shot another load of cum into me.

We laid there holding each other and fondling for a while and drifted into sleep. As the light of day emerged I woke up feeling tingly from our night of passion. We had both slept naked and left him to keep snoozing and got up to pee and put the coffee on. When I went back to the bedroom the sight of him laying on his back sound asleep with the sheet covering his waist and legs. It occurred to my dirty mind that I hadn't actually seen his penis flaccid and gently moved the sheet just enough to expose his package. Even limp his dick was respectable. I touched it very gently to move it like a wet noodle. This got me excited and I put some lotion on my hands and rubbed them together to warm it then picked up his penis and let it drop down then up and wiggled it a little. He was still unconscious and very limp. I dropped it and it rested against belly. The sight of him was exciting and I took him into my mouth. The feeling of a completely limp dick on my tongue and cheeks was a new experience that felt wonderful. 

As I licked and sucked he got hard in my mouth. I gently sucked his balls one at a time and his now raging hard on as I stroked it then taking the head between my lips and played my tongue on his hole. Sometime along the way he woke up and put his hand on my ass under the light top I'd put on when I woke up. He told me to lay on top of him and keep going. Shedding the top and spreading my legs we ate each other. His tongue talent was much than last night and I came pleasantly while his cock was in my mouth. I played with his balls, rubbed his perineum and sucked him deep in my throat. When I poked my finger in his ass he came in my mouth. It wasn't a large load having drained him a few hours ago and didn't taste half bad so I swallowed it. We showered and went to breakfast. He wasn't dating anyone and we got together twice the following week. This wasn't what I wanted long term but my new boy toy was a delightful distraction. I wondered if Dale had gotten laid that night, not that I really cared because my lust was very satisfied.