 My boyfriend Dan had the day off work today and I was forced to go to work. Not fair at all. I hope he was doing the washing and cleaning. I'll be pretty pissed if he doesn't. I had been caught up in a long management meeting this morning that was as boring as hell. After the meeting, the boss promptly tells us he would be leaving for his holiday just after lunch.

Following his lead, I decided that I would leave just after the boss went. So, early afternoon, I packed up my gear and headed home having a two hour early mark. I was looking forward to seeing a clean house and hopefully Dan has started to prepared a nice for me. 

When I got home, I walked it to find the TV on and I heard the shower running. The house had been cleaned, which pleased me. But on the TV, I saw that Dan had been watching some of our porn. This one had a bisexual theme. The two toned men were lying on the floor, spooning with one guy fucking the other. The gorgeous brunette was sucking the first guys cock and fingering the second guy's asshole. I got instantly wet and started squeezing my breast through my shirt. I did this momentarily but then wondered where Dan was.

Remembering the shower, I walked quietly into the bathroom and saw an interesting sight. There was Dan, standing under the shower facing the wall, stroking his very hard cock slowly and fingering his ass. I watched for a few moments. Dan had his eyes closed and was in his own fantasy, probably somewhere in the video he had been watching. 

I decided to have some fun and went back to the bedroom and took out my large strapon cock and some lube. I squeezed some lube onto the toy and walked back to the bathroom. Dan was still in the same position moaning and I knew he was getting close. I said in a quiet voice, "Hi baby." 

It startled Dan and he jumped, hitting his head on the shower as he turned to face me. I chuckled to myself. I loved the sight before my eyes. My gorgeous boyfriend was standing there wet hot and so fucking hard. I was running my hand up and down the strapon. I walked towards him and told him to go back to what he was doing. Dan turned to face the wall and began stroking his cock as I stepped into the bath.

I moved up behind him reached around him taking his hand from his cock and stroking it myself. Dan moaned at my hand moving up and down his shaft. And he started moving his hips back and forward, slowly fucking my fist. I moved my other hand to his ass and rubbed between his cheeks. I slowly rubbed over his hole and pushed a finger inside. His moan of approval was all I needed to introduce a second finger and start fingering him in time with his hip movements.

I turned my fingers and spread them as much as I could. His ass was tight and warm. His cock was as hard as I have ever seen it. I liked this game, and so, apparently did Dan. I wanted his ass open and ready for my toy, so I pushed a third finger inside. I pushed them deep inside and Dan groaned. I began moving them in and out a little faster and deep. I kissed his neck and whispered in his ear, "Fuck babe, your ass is loving my fingers." Dan turned his head and tried to kiss me, but I pulled away, just to tease him.

Dan was getting into a rhythm and his moans were getting louder. I knew it was time for my fun to step up a notch, so I pulled out my fingers and let go of his cock. I pushed Dan forward so he was bent over and pulled his hips back. I parted his cheeks and grabbed the strapon, rubbing it against his freshly opened asshole.

Dan moaned as I rubbed the head at his hole, and got even louder as I pushed forward, entering him. I put about an inch into Dan and stopped. I looked at the sight in front of me and it was making me so hot. I grabbed Dan's hips and pulled him slowly back. I watched as the rubber cock entered my man's asshole. 

Dan continued to stroke his cock and push his hips back onto the strapon. I leaned forward and kissed his back, tasting his manly scent. When the cock was all the way inside Dan's ass, I held it still for a few seconds and slowly withdrew it. Then a little faster this time I pushed it all the way back inside him. I started to increase the pace that I was fucking my man's asshole and he was keeping pace, stroking his rigid pole.

I wanted to get a good look at the action myself, so I turned Dan so we were side on to the mirror. It was a perfect sight. I was holding Dan's hips, pulling him back onto my cock and he was stroking his hard cock. Dan was moaning and telling me to fuck him and I obliged. 

But I wanted to teach him a lesson that he shouldn't ever enjoy himself while I was stuck at work, so I started to thrust harder into him. I was pulling his hips back hard, each time I thrust my hips forward. Dan started to groan in pleasure and pain.

I told Dan to keep fucking his fist and don't dare stop. With each thrust forward, his groans got louder. Over the top of his groans, I said, "This is for watching porno's and playing with yourself while I'm at work, you ass." I could tell Dan was into this because he started to moan loud and said he was close and not to stop. 

Dan was pumping his cock faster now and his head was forward, eyes closed. I told Dan that when he was about to cum, that I wanted him to take his hand off his cock. Dan groaned a few more times and then yelled, "now baby." As Dan took his hand away from his cock, I thrust hard forward, pulling his hips back and held the cock deep in his ass. Looking in the mirror, I saw spurt after spurt shot from his hard cock. Then I pulled out and thrust hard back in again. Again, more cum shot out of his cock and onto the tiles. After he stopped cumming and it was hanging from his cock head, I unbuckled the straps of the cock and stepped back, leaving it in his ass. I kissed Dan on the cheek and said, "Wash yourself up and when that cock is ready again, I'll be ready in the bedroom for my turn."