 I was sitting up late one night watching TV. Just as I was about to call it a night and go to bed, I saw the lights of a car flash across the front window as it turned into my driveway. I looked out the window to see if my wife had come home early from work. She wasn't due back until the next morning. To my surprise and delight, I saw it was the babysitter's car. I walked to the door and opened it just as Velvet stepped up on the stoop.

"Hi Bill", she said. "I know it's late, but can I come in for awhile?" she stammered. "I just didn't know where else to go..." she trailed off and began to cry.

I quickly ushered her inside and closed the door. "What's the matter?" I asked turning to face her. 

Velvet rushed to me and threw her arms around my neck. She buried her face in my shoulder and softly sobbed. "I just had a fight with my boyfriend." she managed. "He made me so mad I walked out." "Can I stay here tonight?" she begged. "Please?" "I won't be any trouble, I can sleep right here on the couch." she said.

"Sure you can honey." I said consoling her. "Come sit down and tell me about it."

I guided Velvet over to the couch and sat her down next to me. I listened while she told me between sobs about the terrible fight she had with her boyfriend. It seems he wanted to fuck another girl and he tried to order Velvet to join them in a threesome. She wasn't into it and objected. I told her that no one should be forced into any sexual act that they didn't want to do and that she should stick to her guns.

After we talked awhile, Velvet calmed down. She still didn't want to go back to her boyfriend that night however. She asked me if she could take a shower and get cleaned up and I of course agreed. She went out to her car and returned with a sports bag, placing it on the floor of the living room. directly across from where I was sitting. Out of it she took a hairbrush, assorted bottles and a cosmetics bag. She took her potions and disappeared into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. 

About fifteen minutes later she came back into the room wrapped in towels, one around her body and the other around her head. She went over to her bag where it lay on the floor and bent over it at the waist. When she did this the towel draped around her body rode up, exposing her magnificent, tight ass. She was not wearing panties and I could see her pussy lips protruding between the tops of her thighs. 

As I was watching, Velvet looked back at me and said," I forgot my toothbrush." She couldn't have failed to notice me staring at her lovely ass. A smile came across her face as she turned back to her bag, making no attempt to cover up. In fact, she even rewarded me with a little wiggle. She pulled out her toothbrush and said, "Ah ha! There it is!" Then she reached into another pocket in the bag and matter of factly said, "It looks like I'll need this too." She pulled something out of the bag and held it close to her body so I couldn't see what it was and returned to the bathroom. 

She stayed in the bathroom for another twenty minutes or so. I could hear her moving around and I could hear the hairdryer going. A couple of minutes after it stopped, the door opened and Velvet came out.

When she walked into the living room, I almost gasped audibly. Her long auburn hair was down, freshly shampooed, brushed and perfumed. She was wearing make up expertly applied. Her lips were a wet bright shade of red that matched perfectly her sculpted fingernails. She was wearing a sheer white lace teddy. I could see her hardening nipples clearly through the thin material. She was still not wearing panties. The lace in the front came down to about where I guessed her clit was. I could see a dark triangle of closely cropped pubic hair just beneath it. Below the lace began a band of satin that plunged down, disappearing from view between her legs. Through this, I could make out the unmistakable outline of her pouting pussy lips. I took a deep breath and the scent of her perfume drifted into my nose and filled my head.

I was speechless. Velvet broke the silence. "Now I feel better.," she purred. My eyes never left her as she walked over and planted herself next to me on the couch. She was so close I could feel the heat rising from her body. She looked me straight in the eye and said, "Thank you for being so understanding." Then she kissed me full on the mouth. 

It was a brief kiss, warm and wet but without the urgency of tongue play. Velvet then broke the tension and sat up saying cheerily," I'm not sleepy yet." "Do you mind if I stay up and watch TV with you for a while?"

I swallowed hard and managed to croak,"Sure." She smiled and lay down on the couch with her head in my lap.

Within seconds I could feel my hard on starting to rise from the soft friction of her hair in my lap and the vapors of her perfume wafting up to greet me. I lit a cigarette to calm my nerves and smoked it in my right hand. Meanwhile, I draped my left arm across Velvet's firm belly. While I smoked, this goddess traced her fingernails up and down the skin of my left forearm.

When I finished my smoke, Velvet, with feigned annoyance, said," This is getting lumpy under my head." Then she turned over, looked up mischievously at me and said," I wonder if we can do something about that?"

Then, without waiting for an answer, she unbuckled my belt and lowered my fly. When she pulled my underwear down, my now hard cock popped out and bounced against her cheek. She grabbed it at the base, smiled at me and said," Here's the problem!" "Let's see if we can do something to get this to go back down!"

With that, Velvet engulfed my cock with her mouth. The sensation of her warm, wet and willing mouth slurping up and down my cock was wonderful! At the same time the feel of her long hair draped across my lap made my legs tingle. I gazed down her body at the curve of her back and ass and at those slender legs beyond. I ran my hand down her back and massaged the firmness of her beautiful buttocks. 

Velvet moaned as my hand slipped between her legs to caress the soft flesh of her inner thighs. I said, "Oh Velvet, you have such a gorgeous ass!" "I just love looking at it!"

She released my cock from its happy imprisonment in her warm mouth and said, "Well, if you want something to look at, then look at my face as you fuck my pretty mouth with your big dick!" When she said that, she slid off the couch and knelt between my legs.

I took her face in my hands and gently fucked her mouth. I was surprised and delighted that she seemed to have no trouble swallowing my cock all the way down. She would linger at the top of the stroke every now and then and gaze lovingly up at me with my cock still locked in the soft embrace of her ruby lips. Then she would moan with satisfaction, close her eyes and deep throat me again.

When I felt I was getting close to the end I said, "Velvet, I think I'm going to cum soon". "Where do you want me to cum?" 

She smiled up at me and switched to stroking my cock saying, "I want your cum right where it belongs, in my hot mouth!" "I want to taste it and swallow every drop!" "Please let me have it!" "I've earned it haven't I?"

"Oh yeah honey!" I replied. "You've earned that and much more!"

I grasped my pretty coed by the sides of her head and pumped until I spurted my cum into her willing mouth. Just after the first stream shot into her, Velvet let my cock slip from her mouth and rest against her pursed lips. She smiled and rubbed the head all around her mouth, spreading my cum over her lips and tongue and then engulfed the shaft again. When I was finished cumming, Velvet licked every drop of stray cum off of my cock, her fingers and lips.

She climbed back up on the couch with me and cuddled up. After I recovered from that amazing blowjob, I asked her, "Not that I'm complaining you understand, but what possessed you to do that?" "Were you trying to get back at your boyfriend?" 

"Well, kind of...I guess." She replied. "When I saw you looking at my ass, I just thought it would be fun to seduce you." "Do you mind?"

"No!" I said emphatically. "You can seduce me any time you like!"

"Since you mention it though, I do have a way to get back at my boyfriend and you can help." "Interested?" Velvet said with a giggle.

"Sure I said." "Tell me more."

"Well" She began. "It occurs to me that I can deny him the very thing he wanted to order me to do and rub it in at the same time by doing it with you."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, let me put it this way." She said cuddling closer. "How would you like to fuck me and a knockout blond at the same time?"

"You're kidding!" I said.

'No, I'm not." She said. "I can call my sorority sister, Nicole and have her over here in about fifteen minutes." "My boyfriend doesn't know, but I've already talked to her about it." "She's been trying to get into my pants for a long time."

"Is she a lesbian?" I asked. "No, she likes girls, but she enjoys a nice hard cock like yours too." Velvet replied. 

"Do you think she'd fuck me with the difference in our ages?" I questioned.

"Oh, don't worry, honey." Velvet replied. "Most of the college girls I know would rather fuck an older, more experienced man like you than those self-centered college boys." "All they care about is getting their own rocks off." "With a guy like you, a girl can count on cumming several times." "Besides, you are kind of cute and I can hardly wait to feel that beard of yours tickling my thighs while you eat my sweet pussy." 

"That sounds very exciting Velvet." I said. "You can count me in, but why don't we hold off on that until Thursday night?" "My wife will be at work again." "Besides, Tonight, I want you all to myself!"

Velvet agreed. We spent the rest of the night fucking and sucking in every imaginable position. For the next two days it was all I could do to keep my mind on the things I had to do. The anticipation of the coming Thursday night's activities was frequently insinuating itself into my thoughts.

When Thursday arrived, I did everything as usual. Once my wife left for work, I showered, shaved and put on only my robe. I sat down to watch TV and await the arrival of the girls. At about eleven o'clock, I saw the lights of Velvet's car as she turned into the driveway. I swallowed hard. It was really happening!

When I opened the door, I was greeted with a sight that made me weak at the knees. Velvet and her friend Nicole were standing there looking very hot indeed. I ushered the girls inside. Velvet was wearing a tight white minidress cut low in the front to emphasize her cleavage. She also had on white lace stockings and spike heels. Nicole's dress was the same style, but in black with matching heels and stockings. Both women were wearing red lipstick that matched their long painted fingernails.  

Velvet introduced me to her friend, Nicole, who broke the ice by coming up to me and giving me a big wet kiss. Nicole was indeed a knockout. She was nineteen years old, about five feet, four inches tall, with long golden blond hair that cascaded down to the small of her back. She was perfectly proportioned with firm 36C cup breasts and tanned athletic looking legs and ass. Her face was sweet and angelic, with deep green eyes that betrayed a worldliness that I couldn't wait to delve into. "Hi, Honey!" She purred. "You wanna watch me suck Velvet's sweet pussy?" 

"I sure do!" I replied. "Let's go into the bedroom."

We went into the bedroom and I closed and locked the door. I admonished the girls to try and keep it quiet because my kids were sleeping in adjoining rooms. I then took a seat on the edge of the bed and settled in to watch the show.

Nicole began by kissing Velvet full on the mouth. As her tongue explored Velvet's mouth, I could see her start to respond. She had told me earlier that this would be her first time with another woman and confided that she was a little nervous. 

After a few minutes of kissing, it became obvious that Velvet was starting to succumb to the younger girl's attentions, as she started massaging Nicole's tight little ass while the blond kissed her lips and neck. Slowly Nicole lowered the straps of Velvet's dress and exposed her bare young titties. When she began to knead and suck on one of Velvet's nipples, the brunette threw her head back and pulled Nicole's head closer against her chest.

While Nicole was busying herself with her mouth on Velvet's breasts, her hands were exploring her ass and dipping inside her white lace panties to massage her juicy cunt. Soon Velvet's dress and panties were off and on the floor. She kept her heels, garter belt and stockings on however at my request.

Velvet now lay down next to me as her beautiful blond friend continued her advance toward her pussy. When Nicole finally reached the gates of heaven and started licking and sucking her pussy, Velvet let out a long low moan. She grabbed both of her own breasts and roughly massaged them and pinched her nipples. When she reached down to run her fingers through her friend's hair, I took the opportunity to start sucking and nibbling on the nipple closest to me. This combined with the furious tongue job being administered by her friend sent Velvet over the edge. She came in a torrent, burying her face in a pillow to muffle her screams of orgasm.

When Velvet recovered sufficiently, Nicole moved up alongside her and kissed her tenderly. Now, Velvet became the aggressor. She lowered the blonde's dress top and began sucking her nipples, biting them quite a bit harder than Nicole had nibbled on her's. Nicole seemed to relish this, telling her to do it harder and telling her how she had been looking forward to fucking her for so long. 

After several minutes of reveling in Velvet's treatment of her sensitive nipples, something visibly snapped in Nicole. She suddenly pushed Velvet aside and onto her back. Then she ripped off her panties, threw off her dress and straddled Velvet's shoulders.

I now got my first good look at Nicole's nude young body. To my surprise and delight, her pussy was clean-shaven. She had a nice tan as evidenced by her tan lines that betrayed a preference for thong bikinis. Once she had settled herself with her pussy just an inch or so from Velvet's face, Nicole gazed into her eyes and urgently breathed, "Suck my pussy baby!" "Let me see that pretty mouth of yours lick my slit!"

Velvet hesitatingly responded and closing her eyes, stuck out her tongue and gave Nicole's wet cunt a tentative lick. Nicole smiled and said, "That's it baby, lick that pussy good!"

I watched enthralled, as Velvet slowly got comfortable with her first taste of pussy. Nicole had lost all control and was now holding Velvet by both sides of her head and was grinding her cunt against her friend's busy lips and tongue. Now Velvet had her hands full of Nicole's ass cheeks and was using them to keep her wildly gyrating pussy firmly against her mouth.

Not wanting to be left out any longer, I moved down between Velvet's legs and began to slurp her wet pussy. When my tongue flicked across her tender clit, she let out a sharp cry that was muffled by the blonde's cunt pressed hard against her mouth.

Soon Nicole started to buck rapidly. She exclaimed, "Oh yeah, Velvet, Fuck me!!" "That's it!...Right there!! ...Oooo suck my clit!!...I'm gonna cum!!...oh baby, I'm gonna cummm!!!!" Then she let out a high-pitched squeal followed by a low moan.

At the same time, Velvet bucked her pelvis hard against my tongue which was alternating between plunging deep into her hot wet pussy and vibrating across her hard clit. Never taking her mouth away from her friend's snatch, Velvet moaned too and flooded my mouth with her sweet pussy juice. 

The girls collapsed in a heap together and began softly kissing as they slowly caught their breath. I lay beside them, softly caressing them each in turn. After a few comments from each attesting that they had just had the best orgasms they ever experienced, the girls turned their attention to me.

Velvet got on the opposite side of me from Nicole and kissed me passionately. I could smell and taste Nicole's nectar all over her face. By this time, Nicole was resting her blond head on my chest and softly caressing my cock and balls.

Velvet leaned over to me and whispered, "Do you want to fuck Nicole's sweet pussy?" 

"Oh yeah!" I replied.

"Good." She said. "Then you can fuck us both." "But first, let us have a taste of that big cock."

Almost before the words had left Velvet's lips, Nicole had my dick buried between her red lips up to the hilt. While Nicole sucked me, Velvet spent a few minutes nibbling and sucking on my nipples. Then, she moved down to join her friend.

First, Velvet sucked on my balls, gently taking each one in turn entirely into her hot mouth and then releasing it through pursed lips. Then the girls took turns sucking the shaft. They were like a well-trained tag team. As soon as one would remove her mouth from my cock, the other would be right there to continue sucking. Every now and then, they would purse their lips along opposite sides of my cock, almost meeting in a kiss with the shaft sandwiched between. Then they would slide up and down the whole length in tandem. I rested a hand on each of their lovely heads and reveled in the sight of their pretty faces looking up at me with smiling eyes and their mouths full of my hard cock. 

After a few minutes of this, the girls were becoming anxious to get their pussies involved in our play. It's a good thing too because I don't know how much more of their loving oral attentions I could have endured without cumming all over their pretty, young faces.

Nicole straddled me and gently guided my hard-on into her waiting pussy. Once I was fully inside her, she leaned forward and kissed me. While I explored her sweet mouth with my tongue, my hands were busy holding on to her soft but firm ass cheeks to control the pace of my cock sliding in and out of her tight, wet cunt.

When she straightened up slightly and offered me her tits to suck, I obliged willingly. This drove Nicole wild. She started rotating her whole pelvis in circles and back and forth. 

"Fuck me baby!!", she cried. "Fuck my pussy so good!!" 

During this time, Velvet was lying alongside us, finger fucking her glistening pussy. After a while, I turned Nicole over onto her back to fuck her in the missionary position. Whenever I felt close to cumming, I would withdraw my cock from her cunt and rub the tip up and down her wet pussy lips and put just the very tip in. After several minutes of this teasing, Nicole began begging me to fuck her.

"Oh, put it in all the way. Please!" "I need your big cock in my pussy!" "Fuck meee!!!" "Please fuck meee!!!"

Then I would suddenly slam into her wetness all the way until I hit bottom.

After fucking the blond this way for several minutes, Velvet said, "What about me?" "Don't I get some of that cock?"

"Sure." I said. "Come over here."

The brunette got in front of me on her hands and knees with her face between Nicole's legs. I slipped my hard dick into her now familiar warm cunt as she began to lick her friend's pussy again. As I pounded Velvet's pussy from behind, I alternated between kneading her tits and diddling her clit. Finally, both girls came again. I pulled out of Velvet's sopping pussy and sat up at the head of the bed.

The girls took this as their cue to renew their oral assault on my cock. After only a minute or so of their taking turns deep throating me, I was ready to cum.

Nicole caught the first blast of cum on her outstretched tongue and immediately swallowed it. Then Velvet lowered her lips around my cock for the next spurt. By the time they were finished, these two nubile young women had licked, sucked and kissed every drop of cum from my cock and each other's faces.
