 Having just turned eighteen, my mother finally let me have a steady boyfriend. Jimmy had asked me out and we had gone on a few dates. Everything seemed to be going smoothly when Jimmy asked me to come to his family's picnic. There was going to be family members and some local neighbors attending and I told Jimmy I would come over. 

When I arrived Jimmy decided to introduce me and basically show me off as his first girlfriend. I felt very uncomfortable being there. That was until I met Jimmy's dad, Phil. Phil was tall with dark hair and he was so friendly. He made me feel so at home. Jimmy's parents had a built-in swimming pool and of course, everyone was trying to get in and swim.

There were way too many people so I decided to sit in a lounge chair and watch. Jimmy was acting like an idiot, trying to show off in the pool. I hate to say it, but I had my eyes on Phil. He had his trunks on and he was diving off the board. He looked so hot, I had to cover up that I was staring at him the whole time.

When Phil got out of the pool, his swimming trunks were wet and his bulge was showing. I could see he had a big cock and it got me excited. Phil actually walked past me and his trunks were right at my face level. I wanted to reach out and touch him, but I had to control myself. Soon Jimmy was out of the pool and giving me his attentions.

I don't know why, but I wanted to run away from Jimmy and seek out his father. I didn't have a clue how I would do that, however. It didn't take long before an opening appeared. Phil had walked over to Jimmy and said, "Jimmy, I am going to steal Amanda for a few minutes."

Jimmy looked as if someone had stolen his favorite toy. "We need to get some more food and Amanda and I will go down to the grocery store," Phil had told Jimmy.

Jimmy tried to say he would go instead but his dad said he wanted him to stay and entertain the family and friends. Phil wouldn't take no for an answer. Phil went into the house and threw some clothes on and then we got into the car and drove off. We hadn't driven but a few blocks when Phil pulled over to the curb.

I thought something was wrong. Phil put the car in park and turned the engine off. "Amanda, I noticed you were looking at me." My face got beet red. I knew Phil had caught me watching. "What do you mean, Mr. Phillips?" Phil looked directly into my eyes and told me, "You have been staring at my cock all this afternoon."

I almost choked. My face had given me away. I was blushing and to be honest, I was feeling wet between my legs. Here was Jimmy's father a foot away from me. He had caught me red handed looking at his cock through his wet trunks. "Did you want to see it?" Phil had asked me point blank. I wanted to see it in the worst way and to touch it and hold it.

I couldn't get an answer out I was so flustered. Phil started the car back up and we drove off. Instead of the store we headed down a back road a few miles away from the party. Phil parked the car once more and shut the engine off. We looked at each other for a long minute then Phil leaned in and kissed me on the lips.

The dam broke loose and I opened my mouth to Jimmy's dad. Phil soon had his hands all over me. He was touching my chest through the t-shirt I was wearing that day. I felt my nipples getting so hard and erect. Suddenly Phil pulled away. I had thought I had done something wrong. Then Phil reached down and pulled the zipper on his pants. He reached in and pulled his cock out.

I couldn't believe how big it actually was. It had to be at least nine inches long and thick as a sausage. "Taste it Amanda, take it in your mouth," Phil was pleading to me. I slowly lowered my face and took Phil's cock in my hand. It was already semi-erect. I took it and slid my hand up and down a few times. Phil took his hand and put it on the back of my head and urged me down towards his cock head.

I opened my mouth and took as much as I could into my throat. It wasn't very much I can tell you. Phil's cock was so big, I could only take a few inches into my mouth. Phil then began to lift his hips up and he tried to feed me his large dick. His cock was so massive. I wanted to take more in, but I just couldn't manage to.

Phil was getting harder now. His cock was standing straight up. My pussy was now dripping wet. I think Phil must have suspected how I was feeling. He had me pull away and then he opened the car door. He got out and came over and opened my door. I got out and we both walked over into an area covered in brush. Phil then pulled my shirt and bra off and stripped off the rest of my clothes as well.

Phil pulled off his clothes and he piled everything on the ground. Phil then lowered me onto the clothes and took both hands and spread my legs. I thought I was going to orgasm right there and then. Phil then knelt down and got in between my thighs. He huge cock was pointing directly at my pussy. He looked at my face for a second and then he plunged into me.

I screamed as his thick member drove past my folds. He pushed the whole thing in, burying his giant cock into me. I had never experienced anything like that before or since. All I could think of doing was wrapping my legs around his back. Phil just fucked me like he was a wild animal. My pussy was stretched beyond belief. In my mind all I could do was hold on and let Phil give me the fucking of a lifetime. 

That was exactly what he did. His cock felt like it had wound all the way into my belly. Like a snake had crawled into me. After a few minutes of this I exploded. I began squirting and soaking Phil's cock with my juices. I just could not control myself. Cum was flying everywhere and I never wanted Phil to pull out of me. I wanted him to take me anyway he wanted.

The sensations were so intense. My pussy must have been getting raw from all the friction. Phil didn't let up. He kept pumping into me for what seemed like an hour. Finally he almost pulled out and then he pushed all the way in and unloaded. I could feel Phil's hot cum drowning my pussy. Hot seed was leaking out of me and down my ass. I couldn't believe how much of a sticky load he could possibly have. 

Phil didn't stop there. He kept stroking for awhile until he finally collapsed on top of me. We were both panting like two dogs on a hot day. After some time I felt his big cock slip out of my drenched pussy. Phil looked down at me for a long time.

"No one can ever know about this Amanda, especially Jimmy." I had no intention of telling Jimmy. I didn't even want to be with Jimmy after the fucking I just experienced. Jimmy was a boy, Phil was clearly a man. Phil was also a man who knew how to make love to a woman. I was totally beat. We got up and cleaned up the best we could. We drove to the grocery store and picked up some things for the party.

When we got back I didn't have my heart into it. I just wanted to go home. Jimmy was really mad at me when I told him I was driving home. He tried to talk me out of it, but my pussy was so sore. Phil had to stay and take care of his guests. He whispered to me before I left to give me a cellphone number and he would contact me.

I am home now on my bed. I am rubbing my pussy and waiting patiently for my lover to call and we can fuck each other again like we did in the woods.