 I had good news today and bad news. I found out I was finally pregnant by my lover Phil. The bad part is I now have to tell my parents. A big problem is that I am nineteen while Phil is forty-two. Phil said he would go and meet my parents when I broke the news to them. It did not go well.

My dad nearly broke a blood vessel When he found out I was pregnant. My mom sobbed the whole time. It probably would have been better if Phil was more my age. I thought my dad was going to hit Phil at one point.

It got pretty bad and my dad told me to get my possessions and get out of the house. I was told not to come back. I thought mom was never going to stop crying. I threw some clothes into my suitcase and Phil and I drove off.

"That went well," Phil said to me. Then he laughed a little to break the tension.

"Screw my dad," I said.

When we got back to Phil's house, there was Jimmy to deal with. Jimmy was Phil's son. I had been Jimmy's girlfriend briefly until Phil and I had sex together. Jimmy didn't take the news well either. He couldn't believe I had left him for his dad. He told Phil he was going to move back with his mother.

Jimmy then stormed out and that left Phil and I all alone.

"That went well," Phil tried the same old joke a second time.

We proceeded to get out the alcohol and get drunk. Wine always made me horny. Today was no exception. After a couple of drinks we headed to the bedroom. I took off my clothes and sat on the edge of the bed. I watched Phil strip down. Phil had a great body and his cock was enormous. It was the reason I wanted him as my lover.

Phil's cock was probably nine inches long and thick as my wrist. Phil stood in front of me. I knew what he wanted me to do. I could never take much of his dick in my mouth. He was just too big. I reached out and took it in my hand. I ran my tongue all over the head and then licked on the underside of his cock.

That really got Phil all worked up. We didn't waste much time normally on foreplay. Phil spread my thighs and then pushed the head towards my wet pussy lips. He began to feed me that huge cock head. I thought I was going to lose it. Phil slowly pushed more and more of his dick into my tight pussy.

It didn't take long before he had the whole thing inside me. He then took my ankles and lifted my legs up. He stretched out and started filling me up. I know I began to start screaming as Phil slid that python into my pussy. I had to have him that day.

With all the aggravation that took place I needed a release and I knew Phil did as well. He took my tight hole hard that afternoon. His big balls slapped against my ass cheeks. I was given long, deep strokes that drove me right to the edge of going crazy. I wanted his cock so bad. Now Phil had his dick buried as deeply as it would go.

Phil kept slamming me with that hard pole and I did finally lose it. So did Phil. He started squirting his seed deep in my belly. I squeezed hard around his cock and I took all he had to offer me. His hot cum was soon dripping out of my pussy. I could feel it running down my ass crack. I wanted every drop of him.

Phil kept stroking me until finally he began to soften. Phil held his cock inside me for a long time and then he pulled out with a plopping sound. We both ended up lying there out of breath. Phil eventually got up and went to the shower. He said he had a few errands to run before the end of the day. After he left I went and took a shower as well.

I was just toweling off when I heard the doorbell ring. I wrapped the towel around me and went to the door. It was my dad.

"What do you want?" I asked him.

He had cooled down and he said my mother had sent him over to apologize.

"I don't want your apology," I told him.

"Please let me come in," he pleaded.

Against my better judgment I let him in. I knew my mom would have wanted us to talk.

I sat down on the couch with my towel around me. My dad was looking intently at me. 

"I want to say I am sorry," my dad told me.

"Okay, you can leave now," I told him.

My dad got angry and he reached out and hit me. I let go of my towel and fell back onto the couch. My dad's face was one of horror and anger at the same time. He didn't know what to say then.

I just lost it. I began ranting like a drunken fool.

"You always wanted me, didn't you?" "You're mad because I let Phil have sex with me first."

I know what I said was just bullshit, but I didn't care by then. My dad sat down next to me and pleaded with me to forgive him just then. My dad was holding my arms and his hand had managed to brush up against my nipple. I could see him looking at my naked body.

"So it was true, you did want me, didn't you?" I said.

My dad stood up and started to shed off his clothes. I just looked at him like I couldn't believe this was happening. He pulled off his shirt and then dropped his pants and underwear. He kicked off his shoes and then stood naked before me. 

My dad's cock wasn't as large as my lovers, but it wasn't small either. He reached out and pulled the towel away from my body. I started to fight him, but he was too strong. He slid me long-wise onto the couch and crawled in between my legs.

You should be mine," he told me.

I couldn't believe what was happening. My dad then took hold of his cock and slid it to my opening. He rubbed the head a few time and then pushed it into me. I knew this was so wrong, but when his cock slid into me, I melted. My dad began to take me hard with his erect cock. He didn't care a thing about me. This was all about him.

I lost control and threw my legs around his back. He pumped his dick deep into me and I hate to say it, I wanted him in me. Was it because I was drinking or was it something else. I don't know to this day.

"Fuck me daddy!" I screamed out loud. 

Phil could fuck wildly at times, but my dad drove his prick into me like a mad man would. My dad was piledriving me into the cushions of the couch. My body began to shake violently as my father drove his cock deep into my belly. He would hold it there sometimes for me to milk his cock. I think he wanted to turn me into some sort of sex slave of his.

All I know is I would have done anything he wanted at that moment. I wanted his cock so badly. I was gripping my dad's cock so tightly that it didn't take long for him to explode. My dad sent wads of cream deep into my belly and I milked every drop of his from his erect penis. It was hard to believe, but I think he fired more cum into me than Phil had ever done.

My dad just kept fucking me with long strokes until he finally got soft. He looked down at me and then he made a horrible face. It was like he woke up and had realized what he had done with me. He quickly pulled out and got his clothes on. My dad practically ran out the door. I didn't see him for a long time after that.

I got up and got another shower again. I had so much cum in me I needed to dump it all out from the fucking Phil and my dad gave me. I dried down and went back to the bed and fell asleep. 

When I woke up it was night time. I got up and Phil was in the living room.

"I thought I would let you sleep, all that sex must have wiped you out," he laughed.

If he only knew what my afternoon had been like. I got something to drink and went back to bed. My pussy was so sore from the fucking I took. I only wish this had been the end of the sex episode, but it wasn't. I will have to write later on what happened to me a few days later.