 My name is Amanda and I am pregnant by my older lover, Phil. Things took a turn for the worse when I told my father I was with child. My dad became angry and he took me for himself. I never told Phil about that episode. I thought it would just make matters worse.

Then there is Jimmy, Phil's son. I was Jimmy's girlfriend briefly before Phil gave me his huge cock out in the woods. I had to breakup with Jimmy and he is now mad at me and living with his mother.

I was alone one day at Phil's house when the doorbell rang. I answered it and it was Jimmy. He said he wanted to get some of his possessions to take back to his mom's house. I could see Jimmy still held a grudge and was angry at me.

"Why couldn't you have stayed with me?" He asked suddenly.

"I'm in love with Phil, Jimmy, what can I say?"

"I never got to fuck you Amanda," Jimmy blurted out.

It was true, Jimmy and I never made it to bed together.

I could see Jimmy was eyeing my belly. I was starting to show quite a bit. Jimmy walked over to me. He put his hand on my belly.

"That should have been mine," he said to me.

Jimmy then moved his hand from my belly to one of my breasts. My nipples were so sensitive these days and my tits were getting bigger.

"You shouldn't do that Jimmy, take your hand off me," I told him.

Jimmy didn't remove his hand. He place his other hand on my tit and was massaging both of them. I hated to admit it to myself, but it felt so good feeling Jimmy working his hands all over my breasts. I should have told him to get out of the house right there. I didn't.

Jimmy pulled my top up and exposed my chest. He uncoupled my bra and my tits were free. Jimmy began to suck on my nipples. I was totally lost right then. It felt so good, I just couldn't bring myself to make him stop.

Jimmy make my nipples so erect. He then moved his hands to my waist and pushed my pants and undies to the floor. I was standing there naked with my big belly sticking out. I looked over at Jimmy. He looked like a man possessed.

He pulled his shirt off and removed all of his clothes. We were standing there in the living room, both of us naked as could be. I should have stopped him right there, but Jimmy pushed me over to the couch. He made me lie down and then spread my thighs apart.

I hated to admit it, I was so wet right then. I was staring at Jimmy's swollen cock. He was nearly as big at his father. Jimmy climbed between my legs and took his cock in his hand. He started rubbing the head across my folds.

"No Jimmy, please don't!"

In my heart I really didn't mean it. I wanted that hard cock right there and then. Jimmy gave me what I wanted. He pushed his mushroom head into my pussy. There was no buildup. He started ramming that thick monster deep into my belly.

I soon gave up any pretension of having Jimmy stop what he was doing.

"Oh God Jimmy, fuck me hard!" I was yelling at him.

Jimmy got a big smile on his face and he shoved his pole inside of me as far as was possible. He kept giving me the longest strokes he could produce. He pushed my legs up against my big belly. He was ramming the hell out of my pussy. It felt so damn good, I have to admit it.

I could feel Jimmy's big balls hitting against my ass. That slapping sound was making me so crazy. I never wanted him to pull out of me. I wanted him to go on as long as possible. Just keep giving me that fat dick.

Who knows how long we went at it? I heard Jimmy finally grunt. I could tell he was so close. I gripped his giant cock with my pussy muscles and I felt Jimmy erupt inside me. There was so much steamy cum being shot into my belly. I could feel the heat from all of it.

Jimmy must have shot his load into me for more than fifteen minutes. He never seemed to slow down. I reached down and felt all that hot semen dripping out of my pussy. Jimmy eventually slowed down and pulled his limp cock out my worn out pussy. He really gave me quite a fucking.

As I was trying to recover, I thought about what a slut I had been. I was pregnant by my older lover. I had let my dad and now my lover's son fuck me as well. The problem was I loved every minute of being used like that. I knew there would be no turning back now. 

I would let each of these men fuck me again in the future. As Jimmy was dressing he said he would be around again to fill me with his seed. He said he didn't have to worry about getting me pregnant. 

Jimmy left and i got into the shower to clean up. I knew my lover Phil would be home soon. He would want to fuck me as soon as he could that evening. The thing was, I wanted his fat cock in me as soon as he could enter me. I guess I am a cock whore after all.