 I looked up at him, his brown eyes looking down at me. He bent down and kissed the top of my head, my eyes, my nose, and then finally, my lips. I loved his kisses. That's the one thing I loved the most about him. His kisses always made my heart tumble. The only thing that rivaled my love for his kisses was my love for his voice. He could sing like no other, and he hadn't yet sung for me. 

"I have to go," he said, with what I knew was reluctance, "If I don't leave now, I'll be late."

I kissed him hard back, pulling him down with me. It might be summertime, but he still had to go to his voice lessons. I knew I should let him go, because I had made him late too many times before. But I loved his kisses so much, that I just couldn't let him go. Finally, deciding I should let him go, I released him and got up.

I was wearing my black tanga's. They were made out of lace and I had bought them with him in mind. They hugged my hips and showed off the bottom of my butt. I stretched, my black tank top riding up, revealing my taught stomach. I watched him as his eyes took in the sight of me, and knowing the look behind his eyes was that of a pure wanting.

"I should go," he said, kissing me again.

"Then go," I said, pushing him away, "Go so you're not late again. I'll be here when you get back." I walked him out of his room that was adjacent to the house. I walked into the afternoon sun and was surprisingly glad of the lack of clothing. It was only 11:30 in the morning and yet the temperature was already in the low 80's. 

I stood there in my underwear and tank without a bra watching him as he drove off. I didn't think anyone was around watching me, even though the house was less than 20 feet away. Enjoying the warmth, I stood outside a little longer, wandering over to the steps to the deck and leaning on the railing.

I heard the back door to the house open. The sliding glass door making a whooshing sound. I looked up and found you standing outside. After a few seconds, you finally see me, but you are too far up on the deck and too far away to realize I wasn't fully dressed.

"Hey," you said waving at me, "Did he just leave?" referring to my boyfriend

"Yeah," I took a few of the steps up so we could talk better. All of my boyfriend's roommates know me, and we've all had conversations. But you are the only one I'd ever had any fantasies about getting together with. Never acted on any of them though. What got me the most about you are your blue eyes. I love your eyes, and I think you knew that and played it to the best of your advantage. You knew what I thought about you, and there had always been a lot of "tension" between us. I sat down on the step, the heat warming my butt. I heard you take steps over and sit a few steps up from me.

"How are you?" you ask me.

I leaned back and smile at you, "I'm doing fine." I smiled as your eyes widened as you realized I was sitting there, only a few articles of clothing hiding my nakedness from you. You quickly hid your amazement and it was replaced with the only thing I could describe as lust. Feeling brazen all of the sudden, I got up, stretched, knowing you were watching me, and walked by you, brushing against you as I did so.

"I'm thirsty," I said as I got up. I walked to the doors and looked back at you. You had stood up and were watching me, "are you?" I tilted my head to the side, giving you a 'come hither' look and walked inside, leaving you to follow or not.

I walked inside, the cool of the house welcome relief against the heat of the sun. I was in the kitchen with the refrigerator open, allowing the cool air to wash over me when I heard the glass doors slide close. Before I could close the door to the refrigerator, I felt your hands on my hips, and your lips on my neck.

"Wait," I said, "I can't. I won't cheat on him." I tried to turn away, but you held me tighter.

"I've seen the way you look at me. You've seen the way I look at you. I've been wanting you ever since we've been playing this game," you kiss my neck and nibble on my ear, "I won't tell," you whisper in my ear, sending shivers down my spine, "If you won't."

You close the doors, turn me around and kiss me hard on the mouth. I melt. You press yourself close to me, you want me to feel how hard you are. You hold my hands above my head, hold them with one hand and kiss me down to my chest. Your other hand wanders up my shirt to hold my breast. The situation turns me on like no other, and my nipples are already standing up. You roll my nipple between your finger and thumb, pinching it every once in a while.

I moan against your lips, your tongue guiding mine out. You stop kissing me, and allow me to get some fresh air. You start to back away from me, but before you can, I grab the waist of your shorts and drag you back towards me. 

"I thought you didn't want to cheat on him," you said to me, a smile on your lips.

"Like you said, I won't tell if you won't," I pulled you as close as I could to me, feeling the heat radiate off of your body.

You put your hands on either side of my head, your arms trapping me in front of you. I lean back against the fridge, the stainless steal chilling my skin, creating goose bumps. You lean forward and kiss me on the lips, the heat from your body and the cold from the door putting a stark contrast on my body. I lean into you, putting as much of my body onto yours. I lift the bottom of your shirt up, run my fingernails down your bare chest. You pull away from me and allow me to take your shirt off. 

On an act of impulse, I lean down and bite your chest, a yelp escaping from your mouth. That yelp quickly turns into a growl as you kiss me hard and practically rip off my tank top. I stand there in front of you in only my underwear, my nipples hardening under your gaze. I can feel myself get wet as you look me over, the bulge in your shorts getting larger.

You bend down and start sucking on my nipples, a moan escaping my lips. You flick my nipple with the end of your tongue, creating shivers that slink down my spine. You massage my other breast, fingers pinching and pulling, making my body receptive to every sensation. I feel your hands travel down my body, your experienced hands touching me with the right pressure in all the right places. Your hands travel to the front of my underwear, and you begin to kiss my neck. Your hand travels between my legs and you feel that I've soaked my underwear in my own juices and you moan against my neck.

Your hand travels under my panties, your fingers teasing me, rubbing my slit. I groan out of frustration and anticipation, and then slowly and teasingly, you slid one finger into me. You slowly work that finger inside of me, and your thumb presses up against my clit. You slid your finger out of me and play slow circles around my clit. My knees become weak, and I can no longer hold my own weight. You catch me before I can fall and pick me up, my legs automatically hooking around your hips. You swing around and set me down on the counter top, your lips brushing mine. You kiss my neck, and your lips travel down my body, stopping momentarily to suck and nip at each of my nipples before moving on.

Your lips travel down my stomach and I lean back against the counter, supporting myself with my elbows. You read the band of my panties, your hands fingering them. You slip your fingers inside them and begin to pull them off. I lift my butt off the counter, and you pull them off of me and down my legs. You toss them behind your self and pull my legs apart, revealing my hot, wet pussy.

You bend down and lick my clit and slowly slide your tongue across my wet slit. You bring your lips up to my clit and wrap them around it. You slide your fingers into me and begin to hum around my clit. You begin finger fucking me and I can feel my orgasm begin. My toes begin to tingle and every sensation intensifies. I moan and groan, and all I can do to keep from losing my sanity it to wrap my fingers in your hair. Soon I've exploded and my juices are flowing out of me, and you're lapping them up as fast as possible. Before I can even catch my breath, you've stripped out of your shorts, your cock springing out, a drop of pre-cum already on its tip.

You grab my hips and scoot me closer to the edge of the counter. Soon you're between my legs, my feet hooked behind your hips. Your cock is at my opening, and you hold back for a moment, waiting for me to beg.

"God," I plead, "Just fuck me!"

Planting a hard kiss on my lips you say, "With pleasure."

With one swift thrust, you're deep inside me. You moan as my pussy clutches you. I almost scream, but moan out of complete pleasure and you filling me completely. You stay there for a minute, inside of me, your head resting on my shoulder. Then you start to thrust into me, slowly at first, but then you pick up the rhythm, and soon your pounding into me with abandon.

You grunt and moan with each thrust, each of these noises turning me on. I start to moan and groan, my breath catching on my lips. I drag my fingernails down your back, and tangle my fingers in your hair, pulling your head back and kissing you firmly on the lips. I bite your bottom lip, and you whisper "oh my god," against my mouth.

"Oh my god," you say again, "I'm cumming." Your thrusts begin to deepen, and after a few I can feel your seed spurt into me. Several hot streams go into me and at this time, my second orgasm hits, and I climax, my pussy pulling every ounce of your seed from you. You kiss my neck, my lips, and slowly pull out of me. Our mingled juices drip out of me and onto the counter. 

Slowly I get down from the counter, my legs a little weak. I pick up my underwear and shimmy back into them, and pick up what's left of my ruined tank top. I head for the back door and look back and watch as you begin to clean things up. I open the door with a whoosh, and step outside into the hot weather. I slowly make my way back to your room and close the door behind me. I crawl under the black satin sheets, tossing my tank top in the trash as I walk by it. I doze off, not worried about what my boyfriend would think of my underwear, topless clad self.