 I watched Dawn and another woman from across the bar. It was more years than I cared to count since I last saw her. Dawn was my older brother's girlfriend back in high school. She was also the cause of my first wet dream.

Dawn was at least 5'10, pale blond and had the look of a woman any Viking would have been proud to come home to after a long season of raiding. She was a big woman, but not fat. Her shoulders were wide and her chest just as large as I remembered. I guessed a D cup, maybe even a double D.

My brother used to call her his Amazon Queen, but I never agreed with him. I always pictured an Amazon as muscular and dangerous. Dawn wasn't either of those things. She had soft curves and was one of the warmest and funniest people I'd ever met. I was just a kid when she was in high school, but she always treated me well and never talked down to me.

I thought about making my way over and saying hello, but hesitated because her friend seemed intent of fending off anyone who tried to come near. That was a lot of guys considering both of them were so well endowed. I glanced at the other woman once more and shook my head.

She and Dawn were complete opposites with the exception of their breast size. Dawn was tall and her friend was 5'3, 5'4 at most. Dawn's hair was blond and her friend's was so dark that it almost looked black. 

Dawn's ancestors were obviously Norwegian and this other woman's were anything but. If I were forced to guess then I would say one of the Mediterranean countries, perhaps even more than one. It was difficult to tell how large her breasts were from where I sat. She was much smaller than Dawn in stature, but her breasts looked just as large on her small frame. I guessed they were most likely a C or D cup.

I noticed that Dawn ignored the guys while her friend chased them away. I was surprised to find Dawn looking sad. She'd always seemed such a happy person. I decided to brave her friend and see how Dawn was doing. I walked over with a smile and wasn't surprised to see that Dawn didn't recognize me. The brunette sighed.

"Look, we just want to be left alone tonight," she snapped. She was obviously growing tired of the unwanted attention.

"Yikes, boy is it chilly on this side of the bar," I said with a smile, watching Dawn. She didn't even look up. My words did nothing to defrost her friend.

"You're still here," the brunette said nastily. I looked at her up close for the first time and realized she would actually be the prettier of the two if she stopped sneering. Of course, that was no reason for her to be rude.

"And you're only keeping me here longer. If you'd be quite for a moment, I can say hello to Dawn and be on my way," I said, still forcing a smile. Dawn looked up at her name.

"Do we know each other?" she asked in confusion.

"We did when you were in high school." 

"I'd remember you if you'd gone to my school," she said, still frowning.

"I'm hurt. I worshipped you and you don't even remember me. I guess the chocolate and vanilla double dipped cone we shared meant nothing to you." The brunette looked just about to say something again, but I could tell that Dawn was starting to place me.

"Shush," I said to the brunette, holding up my hand. She looked shocked and turned red.

"Johnny?" Dawn said. It sounded as if she didn't believe her own guess.

"You got it," I replied with a grin. Dawn smiled for the first time since I saw her sitting at the bar. She quickly stood and pulled me into a hug. She smelled just like a remembered.

"You actually know this guy?" the brunette asked in surprised.

"Yes, Anne. He's my first boyfriend's younger brother."

"How have you been? Why don't you pull up a chair so we can talk," Dawn added. I nodded toward Anne . "Only if you call off your watch dog."

"Hey!" Anne said, but Dawn laughed.

"Johnny, this is my over protective cousin Anne," Dawn said.

"You've got to be kidding," I said.

"What, you can't see the family resemblance?" Dawn asked, looking from her own chest to Anne's and then back to me. I burst out laughing and pulled up a chair.

"Dawn!" Anne snapped in surprise.

"Oh, relax Anne. I talked Johnny through his first real girlfriend," Dawn laughed. "Donna Delanno," I said with a sigh.

"What ever happened between you two," Dawn asked. I sighed again.

"I took you're advice and got her good and drunk..." I began. Anne looked shocked while Dawn laughed and hit my arm.

"Ouch! Alright, so we didn't get drunk."

"That's good, considering you were twelve at the time," Dawn interjected. "So what really happened?"

"You said to take my time and get to know her and that's just what I did," I replied.

"And..." Anne prompted.

"And, things were going fine until her father caught us kissing one night on the front porch," I replied sheepishly. Dawn laughed. Even Anne cracked a smile.

"You always were such a pervert!" Dawn said.

"Hey, it's not my fault. It runs in the family!" I cried defensively.

"Don't I know it," Dawn laughed.

"Jesus! Dawn, what's gotten into you?" Anne asked in amazement. Dawn shrugged, still laughing.

"Relax Anne, she's just comfortable with me. I used to be her and my brother's look out when they were having fun on the couch," I said.

"We paid you for it," Dawn added with a grin.

"I would have done it for free," I replied . "That's because you were a pervert then too. You used to peek."

"Peek? I used to stare. I learned a lot from you two!"

"You probably did," Dawn laughed. Anne looked shocked again.

"Oh relax, my brother didn't make it much further than I did with Donna," I sighed, then paused before adding, "At least, not when they were using me as a lookout." Dawn blushed.

"We went a little further when you weren't around," Dawn began, but then added, "but not that much further."

"Spoil sport!" I snapped in mock anger. We laughed. We chatted for a few more minutes before I asked her about Tom, the guy she married. I regretted it the moment the question came out of my mouth. Dawn stopped smiling.

"That jerk is history!" Anne snapped.

"Hey, we don't have to talk about Tom. I'm sorry I brought him up," I replied. Dawn sighed.

"No, it's okay. I thought Tom and I were doing okay. Everything seemed fine to me, but obviously I was in my own little world because I found him in bed with his secretary. Christ, how stereotypical! I was such a fool," she said, berating herself. Her eyes started to well up.

"This happened recently?" I asked.

"Actually, no. It was over a year ago. I divorced him and the paper work came through today."

"Oh, so this is a party to celebrate you're getting free of such a louse."

"Yeah, sort of," she said with a small, sad smile.

"Okay, in that case let's talk about the night I watched as my brother lifted your sweater high enough for me to see you chest," I said, changing the subject and trying to get Dawn to laugh again.

"You have a one track mind," Anne said with a grin. I just shrugged.

"You never saw my chest!" Dawn added, sounding confident.

"Yes, I did! It was the night Creaton beat us in football."

"Liar!" Dawn cried.

"It's true! If it weren't, would I know about the small mole under you're left breast?" I asked. Dawn's mouth fell open for a moment before she grinned.

"Good try! But I don't have a mole under my left breast," she said smugly.

"You mean to tell me that stupid brother of mine told me the wrong breast! All those adolescent fantasies ruined!" I cried.

"What fantasies?" Anne asked with a knowing smile.

"Are you kidding? I was a twelve-year-old boy and Dawn was, and still is a goddess. Of course, I had fantasies! Me and probably every male in her high school." Dawn blushed. Anne grinned at her cousin's discomfort.

"I'm sure you caused quite a bit of fantasies back then too. I wish I'd known you," I added. This time Anne blushed and Dawn grinned.

"I'll be right back. I've got to powder my nose," Dawn said as she stood and left. Anne and I sat quietly for a moment.

"Look, I'm not normally this perverted," I began.

"Sure you are," Anne replied with a smile. I rolled my eyes.

"Okay, so I probably am. However, I wouldn't be so verbal about it, but Dawn seems so sad and..." I added. Anne broke in.

"I understand. This is the first time I've seen her smile in quite a while. I'm not offended," she said, and then shook her head and added, "Well, at least not that much." We both laughed. Dawn came back a few moments later.

"So what have you been talking about while I'm gone," Dawn asked. Anne hesitated and I jumped in.

"I tried to get rid of her so that we could be alone, but she wouldn't go!"

"That's okay. We can probably use her as a look out later," Dawn replied. We both laughed. Anne turned red.

"Hey, if you two want to be alone..." she began, but both Dawn and I interrupted her.

"We're just kidding," Dawn said, grabbing her cousin's hand.

"Relax a little," I added. "You can't go anywhere. I'm storing this whole conversation for a fantasy to be named later." Both ladies looked shocked, or at least acted that way.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Dawn asked. 

"What do you think?" I replied sarcastically.

"Pervert!"

"Can I see your mole?"

"You should slap him!" Anne said, shaking her head. I turned to her.

"Do you have any birthmarks you want to talk about?"

"Wouldn't you like to know," she replied with a smirk.

"Hers isn't near her chest," Dawn laughed.

"Traitor!" Anne said to her cousin. We all laughed. We continued to talk for at least an hour. Dawn was just as kind and warm as I remembered and Anne turned out to be nice as well. I was surprised to find that I was attracted to Anne.

"Let's all go for ice-cream! It'll be my treat," I offered out of the blue. They both looked at me as if I was crazy, but then they looked at each and shrugged. We left a few minutes later. It turned out that they lived together not far from the bar. We dropped their car at their house and then went for ice cream. The three of us shared a special ice cream boat that was big enough to make all of us nearly sick. I paid and we left after we were done.

"That was sinful!" Dawn said as we got in the car. We all sat in the front. Anne sat in the middle with Dawn on the other side.

"Yeah, I can feel myself growing," Anne added. I was unable to let that one slip by.

"My God! They do seem to be getting larger," I exclaimed. Dawn laughed.

"Oh cut it out! You wouldn't know what to do with them anyway!" Anne snapped in reply.

"Just try me!" I replied, grinning.

"Oh, so Johnny wants to play?" Dawn asked in jest.

"You bet!" Dawn just shook her head and laughed.

"He's serious," Anne said.

"No, he's not," Dawn replied.

"Oh, yes I am!" I put in. Dawn turned red.

"That's crazy!" she said quickly. I shrugged. The car got quiet for a moment while Dawn looked at me and Anne looked back and forth between us. She and Dawn whispered something I couldn't make out.

"Let's go home," Anne finally said.

"Hey look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend either of you," I said.

"You didn't," Anne quickly replied. "Just drive."

I was going to let them off in front of their place, but Anne insisted I park and come up for a cup of coffee. As soon as we walked in Anne told me to make myself comfortable and dragged Dawn into the other room. Ten minutes later Anne came out in a robe. 

"Johnny, I just spoke to Dawn," she began without preamble. "You have to understand, Tom hurt her a great deal. She hasn't been able to trust a man since she caught him. She's lonely and desperately needs some attention, but the only thing is, she's afraid. She's not ready for another serious relationship and she certainly doesn't want to hurt you." Anne looked at me, trying to see if I understood. I nodded slowly and stared at her a moment to be sure I did.

"Are you trying to tell me that she wants to sleep with me with no strings attached?" I asked, unable to hide the hint of a smile. 

"Yes, it's your lucky day. All of those fantasies you had are about to come true," she replied with a grin.

"Well, you drive a hard bargain, but I agree."

"Why am I not surprised," Anne laughed.

"What about you?" I asked. Anne snorted.

"You are one horny bastard!" 

"Well yes, but that's not the reason I'm asking. Dawn and I do go back a long way and no man in his right mind would turn down what you are both offering, but she's right. Our relationship will never develop into something serious. I'm not so sure about a relationship between you and I. I don't want to screw up the possibility." Anne's eyebrows rose in surprise. She was deep in thought for a few moments as she looked carefully into my eyes. Finally, she shrugged and sighed.

"Dawn needs what you're offering now. She's had a rough time of it and she's my cousin and best friend. There is no me," she said. 

"For now at least," I agreed and then, surprising her and myself, I pulled her into a kiss. She returned it after getting over her shock. It was nice and I was pretty sure she enjoyed it as much as me.

"You'd better go. Dawn's waiting for you," Anne insisted after we finally broke apart. I sighed as she pushed me toward the room.

I walked into the room and found Dawn dressed in a blue nightgown. My cock jumped and thoughts of Anne drifting into the back of my mind. Dawn was even hotter than I fantasized. 

"Johnny, did Anne explain?" Dawn asked nervously as I made my way over to her.

"Yes," I replied just before kissing her. The kiss lasted a while. It wasn't long before I felt a tugging at the button to my pants. My own hands moved almost of their own accord and started messaging her breasts. Dawn finally was able to undo the button. She slipped her hand into my underwear and groaned when she felt my hard-on.

"It's been too long," she cried. "Please don't take this wrong, but I need you inside me now!"

"Your wish is my command," I said with a grin and took off the rest of my clothes. I had the head of my cock in her within moments. Dawn was a big woman, but tight. She wrapped her legs around me and pulled. I slowly slid all the way in. 

"My God! That feels so good!" she gasped out between strokes. I buried my face in her chest. She squeezed them together and all but smothered me. I came up for air and kissed her once again. Her lust filled eyes snapped opened as she came.

"Yes!" Dawn cried out. I continued to fuck her, but I slowed the pace. Eventually she grabbed one of her breasts and brought it to my mouth. I sucked on the nipple. She moaned and I quickened my pace again.

I took the breast, kissing it all over before concentrating on the nipple once again. Dawn really seemed to enjoy watching me. I smiled and slowly moved the nipple toward her own mouth. She was panting as she obviously neared another orgasm. I was getting close as well. 

"Suck it!" I demanded, holding her nipple only an inch away from her mouth. She could obviously reach it if she chose.

"But..." Dawn began, but I interrupted her. 

"Come on. You can't tell me you've never sucked them before. Dawn, this is a no strings attached lust session! You can do whatever you've dreamed of. I'm not a boyfriend and I don't have a big mouth. Let yourself go," I cried. She hesitated for a moment longer before closing her eyes and leaning forward. Dawn sucked her own nipple into her mouth. It took a lot out of me not to cum at that very moment, but somehow I held off.

I continued to fuck her while she reached a hand down and rubbed her clit. She opened her eyes after a few moments. I still held her breast to her mouth. She smiled at me and bit her nipple gently. I leaned forward and joined her. We kissed around her nipple. Her hand was a blur at her clit. She came.

I quickly pulled out and stuffed my cock between her tits. I knew I was going to cum soon and I wanted desperately to cum on her tits. It's what most of my fantasies with Dawn ended in. She looked up as me and smiled once she recovered. She used both of her hands and squeeze her tits together so that I could fuck them right.

"Do you like fucking my tits?" she asked with a smile.

"Like it? I've been dreaming of it for years!" I exclaimed. She grinned.

"In your dreams, what happens when you cum?"

"I cover your face and tits!" I cried, getting closer.

"What? I don't get to taste it?" she asked with a naughty smile.

"Open your mouth and I promise you'll taste it real soon!" I grunted.

"Great!" she replied and did just that. She leaned forward and on each up stoke the head of my cock entered her hot and wet mouth. I couldn't help myself. I came. My first jet of cum sprayed into her mouth and the next three on her chest and face. The rest fell wherever. I was too busy shuddering in my own orgasm to notice. Eventually, I fell to Dawn's side and caught my breath. It was the best orgasm of my life and it took a lot out of me.

"Thanks, I needed that," Dawn said as she kissed me. I smiled.

"We're not done yet."

"You've got to be kidding," she said in amazement. I just laughed and began kissing my way down her body. It didn't take long for me to reach her breasts. I stayed there for few minutes and then continued. Dawn gasped out in pleasure when I reached her vagina. 

She started sucking my softening cock soon afterward. We quickly fell into a sixty-nine with me on the bottom. Her pussy was soaked, but it took quite a bit of time for my cock to get hard once again. I slipped a finger up her pussy as I ate it and she moaned.

"That feels great! Put another one in!" she begged. I shoved another one in and she gasped. I concentrated my tongue on her clit as I worked my fingers in and out. She started moaning and groaning. I was licking her clit like mad. 

"I can't take anymore! Fuck me! Please!" she begged. My dick was hard once again. Her blowjob brought it back to life. I rolled Dawn off of me and placed her on her stomach. She climbed onto her hands and knees. I got behind her and pushed my cock deep into her. I tried to start slow, but Dawn would have none of it.

"Faster!" she demanded repeatedly. It wasn't long before I was slamming into her with all I had. She pushed back against me with each thrust. I leaned forward and pinched both her nipples. Dawn cried out in orgasm. She came for a long time and I joined her before she was done. I all but fell from her afterward.

It took me a few minutes for me to catch my breath. I saw that she was asleep when I finally did. I moved up and kissed her one last time. I pulled the covers up over her and turned to find Anne standing in the doorway. Her hand was under her slightly opened robe. She turned red and quickly pulled the robe tight.

"I guess you wanted to be our look out," I joked. She stuttered before replying.

"No! I heard Dawn yell and I got nervous," she cried. As she spoke, Anne kept glancing toward the bed. Dawn was passed out it, but you could see her smiling. I grabbed Anne's hand and pulled her out of the room. As we moved I noticed that her upper lip was sweaty and her nipples were standing out. Her hand was moist with her own fluid.

Anne glanced down at my cock as I shut the door. By all rights, I knew my dick should be dead and buried. Yet as I watched Anne biting her lower lip, I could feel myself reviving.

"Let's let Dawn sleep," I said as I led Anne away. She didn't resist. Actually, she walked as if she was in a daze. I smiled.