 It's been a little while since the beach house incident with Zoe & Chris. Me and Chris have kind of avoided each other, he still doesn't know that Zoe told me she gave him a blowjob, but I guess he has guilt and is staying away for a bit. That's good for me as I'm still unsure how to act around him.

Zoe has been fairly behaved since then also, she has been very apologetic about her behaviour and is obviously guilty too. I have told her I forgive her and to forget it, but she still feels the need to apologise. No matter how many times I tell her to forget it though she always seems to bring it up whilst we are having sex. 

Zoe has had a routine since the Chris blowjob. She gets me hard very easily, she can sometimes just give me a look and I get it up. Once I'm hard she strips and starts blowing me. She looks at me with my cock in her mouth, deepthroats me and pulls off whilst jacking me off. She proceeds to mention something that happened that night with Chris. She tells me things like how much Chris enjoyed deepthroat, or how big he was or how he played with her nipple whilst she blew him. I admit something goes off in me and I get extra excited when she tells me these things. Then she rides me, not for long I might add as I cum very early from all the excitement. I then get her off in return with my tongue.

This past weekend we went back to the beach with a very nice older couple from Zoe's work. Max and Lucy have been close friends of ours since I got together with Zoe, they are the best company of we just want to chill out without a party vibe.

Max is 50, with short black greying hair and a decent body, he surfs to keep fit and is pretty toned. Lucy is a bit younger than Max at 39, she a petite blonde with a peach of an ass. They have teenage twin sons who to be honest are annoying. 

Max is Zoe's superior at work and Zoe has told me he is a compulsive flirt. Zoe told me rumours she heard at work about his size and apparent straying with some of the other employees. He seemed OK to me and I never mind flirting anyway. He has never pushed any boundaries with Zoe so I'm happy.

We all met at the beach and had a blast. Max was surfing, Zoe and Lucy chatted shit about other women, as they do. I just chilled with my beer leering at Zoe and Lucy's hot bodies in their bikinis. The twins kept messing around with their phones being pretty unsociable. I caught Max having a look at Zoe too, can't blame him though.

When we all decided to call it a day, Zoe wanted to take a shower at the on site shower block. The showers were basic with tin dividers and a locking door for each cubicle. She only took a few minutes to change and she returned. We then all headed back to Max and Lucy's place for a BBQ. It's always a great atmosphere when they have us over. We drink, eat and play pool. 

On a trip to the bathroom I overheard Max grilling the twins about something. I washed my hands and came out just as Max came out of the boys room. I asked what did they do. He grinned and said they're just being teenagers. He was holding the boys phones as we returned to the pool table. I guess he confiscated them.

Lucy asked what did they do as they both walked in the kitchen. Zoe came up to me and gave me a kiss telling me it was my shot. She went to the kitchen to get a refill of wine. A few seconds later I heard Zoe shout "Oh my God!"

I went into the kitchen to see what was going on and saw them all watching a video on one of the boys phone. I look over Zoe's shoulder at the screen. WHAT THE FUCK! I shouted. Max was in a daze watching the video. Lucy shook him and nodded at me and Zoe. 

The video was Zoe changing out of her bikini in the shower at the beach. The twins obviously poked their phones under the tin cubicle. It showed her completely naked body from a ground view. Her shaved pussy and her cute new tattoo on her pubic bone was on display.

I held Zoe close and asked why the hell was Zoe naked on his sons phone. He turned it off and apologised, explaining that he will be punishing them when we leave. Zoe to my surprise told us to calm down and it's no big deal, boys will be boys. 

Max and Lucy both laughed in relief. Max put his arm around Zoe's waist laughing and thanking her for being a good sport. Max's hand slipped down to her ass and squeezed. This happened all right in front of me without anyone asking my opinion on this. 

Max led her back to the pool table while Lucy cleaned the kitchen. I followed behind Zoe watching Max cop a feel. He asked her what did her tattoo say. Oblivious to me being in the room. She laughed back in a flirty way telling him it was just a tribal design and not writing.

He persisted with this tattoo asking her if she would show him quickly. Zoe obviously didn't see the harm in it as she lifted her summer dress exposing the front of her black lace panties and slightly pulled down the front of the waistband exposing the tribal tattoo. 

Max groaned approvingly. He even had the nerve to gently rub the tattoo saying it looks great. Zoe giggled and thanked him. He eventually pulled away and "accidentally" got his finger caught on her panties and pulled them down a little more exposing the top of her shaven slit. They both laughed again and she put her dress back in place. 

I decided to clear my head and clear dishes with Lucy. About ten minutes later all was clear and I went through to ask if anyone wanted another drink. I caught Zoe and Max unaware. They were sitting on the edge of the pool table watching the damn video together.

Max asked her if she minded him watching her naked. Zoe just laughed repeating boys will be boys. Max grinned, pulled her bent over the table, lifted her dress and smacked her ass. He saw me and winked. All he said next was "well I'm just being a boy". He pulled her panties down, whipped his cock out of his fly, pulled her hair back so she was looking straight at me then lined his cock up. 

She bit her lip before a huge moan escaped as Max entered her from behind. He worked his much larger cock in and out until she adjusted to his size. Finally bottoming out he pounded her doggy style over the pool table.

I was gobsmacked, what the fuck was going on. Zoe just gave in to it all. I put up a petty attempt to stop it, I yelled at him I was going to get his wife and tell her what he was doing. He just laughed at me telling me she knows, they are swingers and he has always had an eye one Zoe. 

He was making her moan more than I ever could with great stamina. He told me that Zoe as been gagging for him. He told me she flashes all the men in the office and that she often finds herself over his knee getting a spanking for making mistakes on purpose. He explained this was definitely not the first time of seeing her bare ass. He told me that once he saw the tattoo on the video he had to fuck her tonight, he didn't want me to be there but shit happens.

I got my keys and was about to leave. I asked Zoe if she was coming, in an attempt to talk it through and get out of this situation, but as I said that Max had pulled out and erupted all over her ass. 

Max put his cock away, smacked her ass one more time and told her he will see her at work Monday. He walked out without looking at me. Zoe slowly pulled her panties up and adjusted her dress back. She looked at me with a sad but passionate stare. She walked over to me and grabbed my rock hard cock. She grinned and told me she was glad I'm happy. I wasn't happy, but was definitely hard. She led me to our car using my cock as a leash.

I flew home in the car whilst she jacked me off. She was telling me how much Max liked Asians and how he was always telling her he wanted her. She kept repeating she loves that I'm into sharing her. As I was about to tell her that's not the case, but she engulfed me in her mouth and took all my cum down her throat. 

I haven't got round to sitting down and talking to her yet as I've been to horny for talking. Maybe I do like it?