 I was standing in a room - at least I assumed it was a room because I didn't see any sky -- but it was unlike any room I had ever been in before. For one thing, I couldn't see any walls or a ceiling or windows. I could see the floor, it was white tile, but it just faded off in all directions as if disappearing into clouds or fog. I never looked behind me to see if I'd come through a door, but I suspected I wouldn't see one if I turned around. The only thing I did see in this "room" was a free-standing clawfoot bathtub and, reclining within it surrounded by bubbles, was Danielle.

Who is Danielle? I had only harbored a crush on her since the day I met her. She's smart, athletic, funny and very cute with long, light-brown curly hair and a very nice figure. For some reason, I wasn't surprised to see her and she didn't seem put off by my sudden appearance either. In fact, though I don't recall the exact conversation, we began talking as casually as if we hung out together in the bathroom every day. There was a short stool next to the tub which I moved to sit on as we talked.

All I could see of Danielle was her face and her long hair spread out and hanging out over the edge of the tub behind her; even her shoulders were hidden under the thick suds. She wasn't doing anything like washing herself, just reclining against the sloped end and looking very relaxed and comfortable as we chatted. Out of the corner of my eye, I suddenly noticed something. I turned to look over my shoulder and saw a large, yellow sponge sitting just under the edge of the tub. I hadn't noticed it before. I reached back and picked it up and when I turned back I realized there was a soapdish hanging over the edge of the tub. Without even a pause in our conversation, I was dunking the sponge through the suds and into the water while I reached for the bar of soap sitting in the soapdish. As I lathered up the wet sponge with the soap, Danielle leaned forward and pulled her hair up and over her shoulder to keep it dry, giving me access to her back as if anticipating my next move. Starting with her shoulders, I washed her back all the way down under the water, which behind her was clear of suds. I stopped at the top of her ass only because she was still sitting on it.

I withdrew my arm and the sponge from the water and re-soaped it as Danielle held out her arm. I took her hand and soaped her arm up to her shoulder, raised her arm and soaped her armpit. Amazingly, the soap suds still clung to her even with her arm raised -- not even the slightest swell of her breast was revealed. This didn't occur to me at the time, only in retrospect. At the time, things seemed to be so natural that it was as if, despite having a nude woman within arms reach, I wasn't thinking sexual thoughts. I know...it strikes me as weird, too.

I ran the sponge down the underside of her arm and finished by cleaning her hand, which she then dunked under the water as she extended her other arm to me. I followed the same procedure on that arm, reaching across in front of her to do so. Both arms done, I lathered up the sponge again as Danielle reclined once again against the end of the tub, flipping her hair out over the edge as she did so. With her head tilted slightly back, I began washing Danielle's neck then moved to her upper chest. When my hand slid down under the suds, the sponge began riding down the swell of Danielle's right breast and when it passed lightly over her nipple, she closed her eyes and smiled. Since she appeared to be enjoying it, I ran the sponge around and over her nipple a few times before moving it around to the far side and coming back up underneath. A few more passes over her nipple and I moved on to the other breast, giving it a similar treatment. Danielle never spoke a word, but I was pleased to hear her sigh a few times.

As I moved from her breasts down to her stomach, Danielle pulled her legs up so her knees stuck out of the water against the sides of the tub. The water had cleared of suds except for the far end, so I was able to see the large areolas and hard nipples that topped her 34C breasts as the sponge passed back and forth over her flat, muscular stomach. Beyond the sponge, I could see a patch of brown curls between her spread thighs and so, after cleaning her abdomen and hips, I decided to focus my efforts there.

Danielle sucked in her breath as the sponge passed over her clit and her arms came up out of the water and gripped the sides of the tub. I ran the sponge up and down between her legs because that's basically all I could do with a sponge that big but she seemed to be enjoying it, judging by the contented look on her face and the little moans that kept escaping. I knew I could do a better job without the sponge, though, so I released it and let it float to the surface. I ran my fingers through her pubes and down over her now engorged pussy before drawing one finger back up between her lips to her waiting clit. As I toyed with her clit, the increased noises and utterings let me know that I was getting the desired effect. I alternated between playing with her clit and pumping a couple of fingers in and out of her.

She had moved her hands from the edge of the tub to her breasts and was fondling them and stroking her nipples. When her moans became more persistent and she started moving her hips against my hand, I went back to focusing on her clit. Her eyes were still closed and, as I watched, the expression on her face alternated from intense concentration to extreme pleasure. She was pushing her pussy harder against my hand and actually had to grip the sides of the tub again to keep from going under the water. Finally, she tensed up and almost lifted herself completely out of the water before relaxing and lowering herself little by little back down as ragged breaths escaped her. When she settled back down on the tub bottom, she let out a long sigh of relief and opened her eyes as my hand stopped moving.

She turned to look at me with a huge smile on her face and said "C'mere you" as she reached behind my head to pull me toward her. My dry hand reached for the back of her head as well as our lips met and our tongues entered each other's mouths. The hand that had remained underwater moved up to cup her breast as my thumb stroked her hard nipple. After a few nice long minutes of making out, we finally took a break to catch our breath and Danielle said, "Why don't you get in here."

It wasn't until I stood to undress that I realized what I was even wearing. I pulled a black t-shirt over my head as Danielle leaned over the edge of the tub to undo my black leather belt. She continued to unbutton and unzip my faded blue jeans and pushed them down as far as she could, allowing my rock hard cock to spring free. I noticed that I wasn't wearing shoes and started to kick off my jeans when I felt Danielle's hands on my bare ass and her warm, wet mouth around my cock. I moved forward until my legs touched the edge of the tub so Danielle wasn't hanging out over the edge. I buried my fingers in her thick, curly hair and held them there as she slid her mouth up and down my prick. I could have been happy standing there like that for the rest of my life, but I didn't want to cum in her mouth -- not right now, at least.

I stepped back so that my prick popped out of Danielle's mouth and stepped sideways over the edge and into the tub. I lowered myself into the warm water and maneuvered my body sideways next to her, feeling her hand immediately grasp my still stiff cock as we faced each other lying on our sides. We kissed some more as she stroked my cock and I reached down between her legs again. Eventually, I managed to slide around onto my back where she'd been reclining and leaned against the sloped end of the tub while Danielle moved over me, assuming what I figured would be the best position for lovemaking in a bathtub. She placed a foot on each side of me and lowered herself onto my waiting cock. Steadying herself on the sides of the tub, she was able to move herself up and down using her leg muscles. I braced my feet against the far end of the tub to keep from sliding and raised my hands up to fondle her bouncing breasts.

The feeling of Danielle's pussy was phenomenal, beyond anything I could have anticipated. Despite being in a warm, wet bath, I could actually feel the warmth and wetness of her pussy as it gripped my cock. I can't even describe the feeling well enough to do it justice -- the tightness, the slipperiness, the heat -- it was simply the best, most pleasurable, most erotic sensation I have ever felt in my life. She was riding up and down on me, making waves in the tub which threatened to splash over the sides. I was still playing with her breasts, hefting the weight of them in both hands and toying with her nipples. She took one of my hands from her breast and began sucking suggestively on my fingers, which turned me on even more. I let my other hand drop under the water and stroked her clit as she fucked me. She immediately started moaning and riding me harder.

As her frenzied pace continued to pick up, she dropped my hand and leaned forward placing both of her hands on the end of the tub on either side of my head. This made stroking her clit slightly more difficult as my hand was now pressed between us, but it put her breasts right in my face. I went right to work sucking and nibbling her nipples as she slammed herself up and down on my prick. Her moans got longer and louder until finally she seemed to slip into slow motion as she let out a long groan. I could feel her pussy convulsing around me as a flood of her juices flowed over my happy prick.

I had been letting Danielle do most of the work since I wanted to make sure she came, but as her orgasm hit and I wasn't quite there, I took a more aggressive role. My hands dropped under the water and gripped her ass so I could pull her down on my still throbbing cock. As I was pulling her down, I was pushing my own hips up forcing my cock deep into her magnificent pussy. My cock started to swell even more and I could feel a tingling sensation moving from my balls to the base of my prick. Danielle had started moving with me again and right when I could feel myself getting to the verge of cumming, she cried out again and her pussy started to milk my rigid tool. Suddenly, the most intense feeling of pleasure I have ever experienced emanated from my prick and balls and I could feel myself orgasming deep into Danielle. So incredible was the feeling that I started to see stars then actually blacked out.

But, wait, it wasn't totally dark I could see a faint white crack of light like the streetlight that shined around the edge of the blinds in my bedroom. And I could feel the sheet above me becoming glued to my body with my own semen.