  Note: This is the second in what will probably be a fairly long series. If you haven't read Chapter 1, this section won't make any sense. Thanks for reading! 

Day 1June 12San Antonio, Texas, to Tulsa, Oklahoma

There are times in every man's life when he'd rather be launched into the stratosphere by a Civil War-era catapult than even think about sex.

Standing in the shower the next morning, I was having one.

Oh, they're rare, I admit. But there's no other explanation for it. There was a naked Puerto Rican woman standing in front of me in the shower with a massive grin on her face, and she might as well have been one of those porcelain statues at the museum. That's how much I cared.

I'd woken up a few minutes earlier, right around 6:30 in the morning, with what could be mildly described as One Of The Worst Fucking Hangovers Known To Man. My head was hosting its own private Slipknot concert, and my temples had a front-row seat, right next to the speakers. My legs felt like I'd run a couple marathons, my stomach was tied into a series of knots that would make an Eagle Scout blanche, and my back felt like I'd been sleeping on a rock. 

Hell, even my arm hurt. At least I had an explanation for that one.

Sure enough, Chad, Russ, Kelly and the Puerto Rican girl were still going at it when I woke up. The redhead was sleeping on the floor in front of the TV - stark naked, on her stomach with her legs splayed invitingly. Normally, that would be an opportunity I couldn't pass up, but as much as I wasn't in the mood for sex the night before, I really wasn't now.

I mumbled something incoherent to Chad as he greeted me, but I doubted he heard me - Kelly was on her knees in front of him, taking his entire nine-inch dick down her throat. I had to admit, I was impressed. Kelly was kneeling over the waitress' mouth, and Russ was slamming into the waitress for all he was worth. As I passed, I saw a few handprints on Kelly's milky-white ass. That explained the spanking noises I'd heard throughout my short nap.

The shower felt amazing but also made me want to puke, if that's possible. The hot water was soothing, but standing up straight and trying to actually clean myself at the same time was a bad idea.

As I was about to finish, I heard the bathroom door open. A few seconds later, cold air rushed into the shower as the waitress pushed the curtain open and joined me under the hot spray.

"Good morning," she said, managing to talk and look like she wanted to devour me at the same time.

Give me credit - I tried to care. I did. I gave her a quick once-over, going as far south as my neck would go, then grunted, tossed out my best attempt at a smile, and turned around to face the water. She was hot, but that didn't matter. I wasn't awake, and I wasn't interested. Like I said - it's rare. In fact, I'm pretty sure I haven't had one of those moments since. But I was having one then.

I left her standing in the shower, quickly got dressed and moved into the kitchen. Chad and Russ were now tag-teaming Kelly on the dinner table - Chad was on his back, Kelly was on top of him with his dick in her pussy, and Russ, having the smaller, less invasive cock between the two, was fucking her ass. They were all really into it, but it didn't stop Chad from telling me he'd put some coffee on for me as I walked by. That was exactly where I was headed - no way I was getting out of the parking lot without some caffeine. At that point, I would have sucked Chad's dick for a cup of coffee. 

OK, not really. 

The whole thing was kind of surreal - there they were, laying on the dinner table double-penetrating this complete stranger, with Russ pulling her hair and Chad laying some pretty vicious smacks on her tits. I'm standing there with my cup of coffee, chatting with the two guys about our plans to meet up in Colorado in a couple weeks, and not even feeling the slightest bit turned on. For her part, Kelly couldn't have cared less - she was moaning so loud it almost drowned out all the talking.

Looking at her brought me thoughts of the other Kelly - the better one in my book, though I didn't know either of them well enough to be classifying. Despite my complete rejection of the waitress a few minutes before, I knew I'd be fine as far as my sex drive went - I was planning to call Kelly in a few hours.

I said my goodbyes, packed the car, and headed out of town.

**********

"Good morning," she said, and somewhere on Interstate 35 between Waco and Dallas, my cock sprung up as if she was in the passenger seat next to me unzipping my shorts.

"Hi," was the best I could manage. I hoped I wouldn't sound this stupid every time we started a phone conversation. I did a pretty good job of sounding dumb on my own most of the time - I didn't need the help. 

She sounded sleepy. It was about 8:20 her time - 10 minutes before I said I'd call, but she wasn't complaining.

It had rained for the first couple hours, from San Antonio all the way up I-35 well past Round Rock. It had finally cleared up an hour before I called her, so at least I wasn't driving, fighting off sleep, talking and trying to stay afloat at the same time - just the first three.

"Did you get up in time?" she asked.

"A little later than I wanted, but I made up the time on the road. I'm about right where I wanted to be by this time."

"Where are you? Where are you going?"

She still sounded damn sexy. She was half-asleep, probably in the same place regarding sex that I was a few hours ago when I'd woken up, and yet, I still couldn't stop myself from having X-rated thoughts about her.

"I'm about a half-hour south of Dallas. I'm heading to Tulsa, Oklahoma. I should be there sometime around 4 or 5 tonight."

"What's in Tulsa? Your girlfriend?" She'd said it as a joke - I knew that - but it was something I was going to need to bring up. I'd been planning this trip for months. I had concert tickets, baseball game tickets, hotel reservations and lots of friends that were waiting for me along the way, some of them female. Besides that, I was a pretty good-looking guy with no shortage of charisma and pretty good game, so I guessed there might be a few opportunities I wasn't expecting.

Don't get me wrong - I liked the hell out of Kelly back in Idaho. But I didn't know her very well yet, so I had no way of knowing if she was someone I could be serious with. I knew enough to know I wanted to find out, but I also knew it would be a few weeks until I got the chance. 

"No. A country music festival," I said. "One of those four-day deals out in the middle of a huge-ass cornfield, where they bring in like 20 different big-name artists to play over the weekend."

"Who all's there?"

"You like country?"

"God forgive me, but yeah, I practically live and breathe it."

I chuckled. Nothing wrong with country. I liked plenty of other kinds of music, too, but country was probably tops on the list.

"Tonight is Blake Shelton, Darryl Worley and Sawyer Brown."

"Nice."

"Toby Keith and Montgomery Gentry are the headliners for Friday and Saturday."

"You lucky son of a bitch!" she blurted out, then audibly slapped her hand over her mouth.

"Wait a second now," I said with a chuckle. "I just made you cum three times not seven hours ago, and now you're calling my mom names?"

"Hey, I think I made me cum three times," she laughed.

"And I had nothing to do with it?"

"You had everything to do with it," she said. I smiled.

"Glad you're giving credit where it's due," I replied. It got silent for a few minutes after that, and I thought she might have fallen asleep for a minute, until she coughed into the phone.

"We have to stop this silence stuff. I love your voice way too damn much to waste any of the airtime with quiet."

"I'm sorry," she said.

"Except that," I answered. "I'd rather hear silence than you apologizing, unless you did something. Which, to my knowledge, you haven't."

"I've never been the kind of girl to give it up on the first date, Brad," she said, changing the subject with a lightning quickness that kind of threw me off. "I know last night doesn't really count as giving it up, but-"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down a little bit there," I replied. "Kelly, you could be hitching a ride over the next hill here, and if you didn't talk, I wouldn't know who you were when I pulled over."

"What's your point?"

"My point is that we don't know each other really well right now. We don't even know what the other looks like. We have nothing invested in anything right now, and we can keep it that way, if that's what you want. We don't have to talk again, and we don't ever have to meet. If you're that worried about what happened last night, we can do that."

"Is that what you want?"

I didn't have to think. "No."

"What do you want?"

"Honestly? I want you to be hitching a ride over the next hill here," I said, and she busted out laughing. "I want you to be dressed for the Texas heat in a tiny little sundress or a halter top and shorts, with some sunglasses to add to the effect, and I want you to be horny as all hell when you get in my car."

I could almost hear her licking her lips over the phone. She purred a little bit.

"I wish."

"So do I. Don't worry about what happened last night, or what's going to happen in the future. We hit it off really well - I think how quickly things went last night proves we have a pretty good connection in at least one area. Let's just go with that for now and see what happens, OK?"

She sighed into the phone. "You're right."

"I usually think so, yeah," I said.

"There is something I'm kind of worried about, though," she said. I had a feeling I knew what it was.

"OK, what?"

"Are you planning to get laid on this trip?"

I was right, though I couldn't help but laugh at the way she asked it. "Kelly, find me a male with a working set of testicles that doesn't start each day thinking, 'I'm gonna get me some ass today.'"

She didn't laugh - I probably wouldn't have either in her shoes. I went ahead and responded before she had to ask again.

"The thought had crossed my mind more than a few times, yes," I said. "How do you feel about that?"

"Why does it matter? I have no claim to you. I haven't even known you for a day yet."

"It matters because I say it matters, honey. I'm planning to meet up with a couple of girls late in my trip, and the places I'm going will be overflowing with fuckable women. I'm not going to lie to you - I had planned to take advantage of it. But we connected last night at a pretty deep level, and I'm not stupid enough to think this isn't something we should talk about."

"If I said I didn't want you to, would you still do it?" she asked.

My head was starting to hurt again. The Red Bull and Whataburger breakfast sandwiches I'd consumed in the first couple hours of the trip had taken the edge off, but this intense thinking was getting the band fired up again.

"Truthfully? I'm not sure," I said. "I'd probably try. I might even succeed a few times. But you have to understand something, Kelly. You're a pipe dream to me right now. I love your voice, I love that you're into your sexuality, and I look forward to seeing you. But what if I get there and we don't connect at all? What if we don't like the way the other looks? What if the sexual chemistry that was so obvious last night evaporates when we meet? This is supposed to be my celebration of getting out of the Marines, and I'm not sure I want to give any part of it up because of something that could happen when I get back."

It was all out on the table now. Quite appropriate, then, that my Sirius satellite radio started playing Kenny Rogers' "The Gambler." I'd never had a good idea of when to hold or fold anything, at the tables or in real life. I waited with bated breath for her response.

"I'd have thought you were lying if you said you'd stop anyway," she said, and I grinned, though somewhat cautiously. I thought I understood, but her next comments confirmed it. "I wouldn't ask you to. You're right. We don't know each other well enough to ask each other to do that yet."

"Agreed."

"So listen to me, OK?" she asked, and I was doing just that. Quite intently.

"Have all the sex you want on this trip. Don't do anything differently because of me. I'll be fine."

I didn't have a response for that. It was somewhere below "I'm a Martian" on the list of things I'd expected her to say.

"Not that I'm in any kind of position to make them, but I want to ask you to meet two conditions."

"Kelly, after what you just said, I don't think I'm in any kind of position to argue with whatever your conditions are."

She laughed. I joined her. Her voice was soothing to me - when she laughed, when she was talking about my mom yesterday, when she was cumming her brains out, like last night.

"One: Be safe. I know we don't know how things are going to go when you get back, but best-case scenario, we're going to have sex sometime soon after you get here, right?"

"I certainly hope so."

"So please... be safe. For me."

"OK. Condition two?" I asked. I really had no idea what to expect here - but it certainly wasn't what I got.

"I want to hear all about it," she said.

"Excuse me?"

"Excuse you for what? Bad hearing? You heard me - I want details every night after you're done."

Speechless again. Well, almost.

"Wow."

She broke into another fit of laughter, and my already hard cock just started throbbing harder. Not only did this incredibly sexy-voiced woman just tell me she wanted to fuck me when I got back, and not only did she tell me I could have all the sex I wanted until I got back and she wouldn't get upset, but now she was telling me she wanted to hear all the details of it.

A few minutes earlier, I wanted to pinch myself to stop from falling asleep. Now, I wanted to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't asleep.

"After you're done fucking whoever you're going to fuck for the day, I want to hear it. I want to hear about all the blowjobs you get, I want to hear about all the girls you eat out and make cum as hard as you made me last night. I want to hear about all the times you cum on a girl's face, on her tits, on her ass - I want to know which positions you used, where you did it... everything. If I can't be there, I certainly want to feel like I was."

Now I was about to cum in my shorts. So much for feeling like a Civil War-era catapult - I was focused on a different kind of shooting now.

I don't know how long I was speechless. It must have been a minute or two, because she started to wonder if the lovely cell phone companies had dropped our call.

"Brad?"

"Well, you have my arm twisted behind my back here, and since I'm trying to drive, I guess I'll have to do whatever you want, Kelly."

I was grinning, she was laughing. I made a silent note to myself that I should make her do that as much as humanly possible from now on.

"June 12, 2007, Brad says he'll do whatever I want."

"Do what?"

"I'm writing it down. Just in case you need reminding later."

I started laughing, too, and shortly thereafter, we hung up. She needed to get to work, and I was about to encounter some nice Dallas/Fort Worth mid-day traffic. I promised to call her later, and this time, I knew no amount of alcohol or anything else was going to stop me.

**********

"Holy shit," I said, glancing at my watch as I quickly helped Paul, one of my newfound buddies, put up a tent in the middle of their camping zone. It was only 11:30 p.m., and yet, I was about to start sleepwalking around a wheat field somewhere east of Tulsa.

"Yeah," he said. "It's already 11:30. Feels a lot earlier, huh?"

"Fuck, no, it doesn't," I replied, and explained to Paul that I'd been on the road since 6 a.m. and that in the past five days, I'd slept for about as long as it took us to put up this tent. 

"I still can't believe you want to go to bed, man," he said. "First night of Country Fever is a prime situation for getting laid, bro. Though I guess you already got you enough of that today, huh?"

"Define 'enough,' when it comes to sex," I said. The sex drive was back - whew. "I'm confused."

"Enough is when someone tells you that you can probably find four women that want to fuck you in the next 15 minutes, and you say, 'No thanks, I'd rather sleep.'"

I had no intentions of sleeping, but he did have a point.

"But I understand, man. One time I drove from Vancouver, Canada, all the way down to Los Angeles, straight through. Took me almost a whole fucking day. So it's cool."

I'd met Paul, Bobby and J.T. during one of the opening acts, standing in line at the beer tent. We struck up a good conversation, and they asked me which part of the campground I was at, so they could stop by for some beer later. I grudgingly informed them that I had a hotel room in Tulsa, about 25 minutes away. Within seconds, they'd assured me that was crazy. I canceled my reservation and made plans to spend the next three days in one of their tents.

"We got a kinda shitty spot at the campsite, back here in the quiet zone," Paul said. "But I guess it works for you tonight, so you can get some sleep."

We were done with the tent, and Paul had made it very clear that he was off to join the party.

"The other guys and me are in the other tent," he motioned to a white-and-blue tent that was already erected. "Go ahead and climb into the back of this one and make sure the divider deal is zipped. There will be some girls sleeping in the front. They probably won't be sober enough to realize it's not zipped up tonight, but they might be less than happy in the morning when they find out they gave you a show."

We bumped fists, I grabbed a couple of things out of the car and crawled into the tent. I decided to file that information about the girls away for tomorrow. There would be plenty of time for that later, and besides - I had a phone call to make.

It only took two rings for Kelly to pick up.

"Howdy, pardner," she said when she answered, finding the exact middle-point between Dolly Parton and a female Jeff Foxworthy with her accent.

"Wow, that is truly horrible," I laughed back at her as a response.

"Hey, fuck you," she said.

"Gladly. You'll have to snuggle up real close, though - not much room on this side of the tent."

"Tent? I thought you said you were in a hotel tonight?"

We'd talked a few more times throughout the day, something I thought I'd get tired of but surprisingly enjoyed. I'd mentioned that I was staying at the hotel, so I explained how things changed. I also decided to test her little request from the morning, which we hadn't discussed again.

"Yeah, and apparently there are some women sleeping in the front of this tent, so that could be interesting as well," I said. I thought that would freeze her. I thought wrong.

"Oooh," she said. "Maybe one of them will let me listen in while she fucks you. You think?"

Well, I was in business. Immediately.

"You have no idea how uncomfortable you just made my blue jeans," I said.

"You have no idea how appalled I am that you had the audacity to call me while still wearing clothes."

"I'll strip if you will."

"Way ahead of you."

I wasted no time joining Kelly, and told her when I was there.

"Good. No clothes for you anymore," she said and started laughing.

"What's funny?"

"I talked to your mom today, that's what," she said. "I got her to give me some recent pictures of you. Yummy, yummy."

I smiled. Good to know she approved. I still wondered if I would, but I pushed that thought to the back of my mind. 

"Not sure that the cops will particularly like that idea, me driving down the Interstate with no clothes on, but hey. For you, I'll try."

"You're so sweet."

"Yes, I do like to drink my pineapple juice." That got a nice hearty laugh out of her, the kind that would have gotten her in trouble if she'd been lying next to me in the "quiet zone."
