  Note: This is the seventh chapter in what will probably be a fairly long series. If you haven't read Chapters 1-6, this section won't make any sense. I mean, the sex scenes will mostly stand alone, but there's a pretty significant back-story. Anyway, thanks for reading! Feedback is appreciated! Special thanks to AnInsatiableReader and stikiniki for helping me clean it up. 

As it has been more than a year since I posted on this series (I know... boo, hiss, boo), you may want to go back and re-read at least Chapter 6, if not the whole series. There are some references in this chapter to things that happened previously. To Brad, it's only yesterday, but for you, it's been a bit longer. I tried to add as many memory-jogging details as I could without bogging down the story, but, really. Chapter 6 is the second-highest rated story I've posted so far -- you'll enjoy it. Go! Then come back. 

Day 6

Tuesday, June 16

Pensacola, FL to Charleston, SC

"FUCK!!!" I shouted. It was probably too loud for 5 a.m. in Scott's quiet little neighborhood, but the rain was loud enough to drown me out, and I had absolutely no control over my volume after what we'd just done to ourselves. "You just get fucking faster, don't you?"

Thirty feet in front of me, Scott was pacing around the parking lot of his apartment complex, walking in circles with his hands clasped behind his head.

"You made me earn that one," he said between gasps of air and rain. As I sprinted into the lot beside him, my hands hit my knees as I doubled over, trying to force my heart rate to slow down after the long run. I, too, was desperately trying to breathe.

"C'mon, man," Scott said, clapping me on the shoulder. "Gotta walk it off. C'mon."

He started his circles again, and after looking up and letting the rain pelt my face for a moment, I followed. The green workout shirt I was wearing wasn't normally so dark, but it was plastered to my upper body, as were the workout shorts. All I could see when I looked up were fresh sheets of rain and heavy cloud cover.

Scott had been better than me at pretty much everything in high school. In a lot of those things I was now his equal, and I was probably better at a few things. Running wasn't in either of those categories. I'd never beaten Scott in a foot race of any length, and while I'd gotten much faster since I'd joined the Marines, that hadn't changed. My final time on our 3-mile physical fitness test was 18 minutes, 17 seconds. Scott, on the other hand, had come into the Corps already under 18 minutes, and his fastest time to date was somewhere under 16 minutes.

We'd been coming down the home stretch of an easy four-mile run in the early-morning rainstorm, during which we'd rehashed last night's events and talked about what it might mean for his and Lynette's long-term relationship. He was all for having Stacy over again, but he wasn't sure how Lynette would like that without another man around to balance things out.

He'd also prodded me for details about my mysterious phone girlfriend, but right as he asked, his apartment complex came into view, maybe a quarter-mile away. I'd instantly shouted out "Race!" and took off at a dead sprint, slicing through the rain with precise, controlled strides. I felt like I was running faster than I ever had.

About 20 seconds later, Scott had flown by me like I was standing still.

"So," Scott began when he found the air again. "How long have you been cheating on your girlfriend?"

My lungs were nowhere near ready to answer that, but my brain didn't much care.

"What the--?" I asked, spinning quickly toward him but running out of gas after the first two words. I took a few more deep breaths as the rain continued to soak us both. "Cheating?"

"The girl on the phone the other night," Scott started again. "Kelly, you said last night? She's your girlfriend, right?"

"We don't call it that, no," I said.

"But there is a we?" he questioned. When I didn't reply, he nodded. "So you're cheating."

I grinned. "This is an open-book kind of test."

"Say what?" Scott had been looking up at the rain, but that statement got his attention.

"It isn't cheating if the teacher told you to do it."

I turned and began walking away, starting a cool-down lap encircling Scott's building and the one immediately behind it.

"She knows?" Scott asked when he caught up.

"Yep. Only conditions are that I'm safe about it and I tell her each time."

"You have to tell her?"

"I dunno if 'have to,' are the words I'd use," I said. "As great as some of the things I get myself into are, sometimes telling her is the best part."

"You mean, like afterward?"

"Usually afterward. Or sometimes... ya know, during."

Scott stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. "Say what?" He asked again.

"Stacy and I started messing around on the couch last night. Kelly was on the phone and played along."

"Holy shit, man."

"Yeah," I agreed. "It should just make things even better when I get back to Idaho."

"And you said you've never met her before?"

I nodded. "Nope. That's why I really don't think of it as cheating. Hard to cheat on someone you've never met."

"How did you hook up with her at all?"

"I called my mom's office one day. Apparently she's a manager for one of the stores. She answered, I flirted, and that night we had phone sex."

Scott just stared. "I knew I'd taught you well, but... apparently I taught you really damn well."

"So, yeah," I said, ignoring his attempt to take credit. "She's very open-minded."

"A rarity for Idaho," Scott said. "Is she hot?" He asked. I cringed a little bit at the question, but between the darkness and the rain, I don't think Scott noticed.

"She certainly sounds like it," I answered, hoping he'd drop it but knowing damn well he wouldn't.

"I didn't ask how she sounds," he said. "Is she hot?"

I had no clever response, so I just shrugged.

"You've at least seen a picture of her, right?" he asked. 

I shook my head. "She's seen one of me, though. My boot camp picture was sitting on my mom's bookcase the day I called."

"I take it all back," he said. "I haven't taught you shit."

"Look--"

"Dude, how do you know this chick isn't Miss Piggy plus 250 pounds?" he asked.

"I don't."

"The chick could look like a road grader got stuck in reverse on her forehead."

"I know."

"She could smell like --"

"I get it, I get it," I said putting my hand up so Scott didn't give me an image that would make me want to hurl. "Fat, ugly, smelly women need love, too."

"Sure, they do," Scott said. "From other people. Not us. Seriously, man. I'm sure she has a nice voice, and she's obviously very cool when it comes to sex. I'm not gonna act like what happened Sunday night wasn't extremely fucking hot. But without seeing a picture, how do you know you haven't been getting Jabba the Hut off over the phone?"

I wanted to glare at him, but there were two reasons I couldn't. For one, the way he'd put it was just too damn funny, if not a pretty picture. Secondly, I really had no argument. He was right.

"I don't," I said after a few seconds. "It's harmless, though. All we're doing right now is talking, man. If I get home and she's hideous, it's not like I've signed a contract that says I've gotta fuck her."

"True," Scott said. "Just be careful, man. Don't want to get too attached until you know she's hot."

"Yes, sir, Mr. Superficial," I replied, laughing.

"It ain't about that, and you know it," he said. "If she was drop dead gorgeous but had the intelligence of a Republican, I wouldn't think she was good enough for you, either. Smart, funny, freak between the sheets, ambition -- those are all important qualities. All part of the complete package, just like the physical aspect. And I know you well enough to know you want the complete package."

He wasn't wrong. I nodded.

"So I'm just saying, be careful until you know she has everything you want."

"Dude, it's been six days."

"Sometimes, it doesn't even take that long," he replied. 

I wasn't sure what I was more concerned about -- that I was already this into her, or that it was so blatantly obvious.

**************

"I swear," Kelly said as I passed a mileage sign that put me 85 miles west of Jacksonville, Florida on Interstate 10. "You called me this last night, but I think you're the insatiable one."

"What?" I asked, feigning being wounded.

"You have more sex than any man I know," she replied.

"So, at least I know you aren't friends with any male porn stars."

"Do male porn stars even fuck multiple women each day for five days in a row?"

"I've only fucked one today."

"Yeah, and it's what? Barely 9 a.m.?"

"The only reason you're jealous is because other women have gotten to experience me and you haven't."

"Yet."

"Granted."

I heard faint but recognizable noises on the other end.

"Apparently, you're not that upset," I said.

"What, a girl can't play with herself when she's mad?"

By now, Kelly touching herself at random times was far from a new concept for me, but it still got me rock hard.

"Kelly, you can play with your pussy whenever you like," I replied.

"Or whenever you like," she answered.

"Which would be whenever."

"Very... true," she stammered, and I didn't miss the way her breath snagged between the two words.

"I guess sex in the shower turns you on," I teased.

"Sex in general turns me on, especially when it's with you," she replied.

*************

After our run that morning, Scott grabbed his gear and headed for the base. He wanted to lift a little at the gym before work and said he'd shower there. He told me to lock up on my way out. Lynette left just a few minutes after Scott, but not without shoving her tongue down my throat first and making me promise to visit soon.

That left just Stacy and I. She'd mentioned that she didn't work until 9:30 in the morning, so the plan was to let her sleep while I showered. I was just contemplating how I'd wake her up when I heard the bathroom door open.

"Almost finished?" Stacy asked.

Almost finished? Yes. Stupid? Not so much.

"I'm gonna need a while longer," I said. "Scott said the hot water doesn't last long, so you'll have to join me in here now if you want some."

"Oh, I want some." She pulled back the curtain and showed me her stunning naked body, and my cock twitched. She grabbed it as she joined me.

"You sleep well?" I asked her as I rubbed my slick hands all over her tits.

"Not really," she replied. "I was in a tight space, and some hot guy kept rubbing his cock against my ass."

"Hmm," I answered. "You should definitely make him pay for that."

"I should, shouldn't I?" We locked eyes for a moment, and the electricity from the night before crackled back to life instantly. She kissed me briefly, just long enough to reintroduce our tongues, then started south.

There wasn't a lot of talking after that. She knelt under the hot spray and sucked my cock just enough to get me hard, and then I knelt behind her, pushed her shoulders until she was bent over against the back of the shower, and licked her pussy from behind until I could taste her juices.

She was wet and already in position, and I was hard as a rock, so I slid into her from behind. I pounded her mercilessly until she started banging on the back of the shower with her fists. A few seconds later, she shouted that she was cumming, and even with the hot water beating down on us, I could feel her juices drenching my cock.

I'd tested Lynette's flexibility last night, and I told Stacy I wanted to test hers now. She looked over her shoulder and raised her eyebrows, and I quickly spun her around. She kept her left leg planted on the shower floor, and I took her right leg and stretched it as far as I could. At just over five feet tall, her leg almost didn't make it to my shoulder, but I leaned forward enough that her heel barely made it.

It was an awkward position at first, but it didn't feel awkward when I bent my knees and pushed my cock back inside her hot, tight pussy. At this angle, the water was spraying over my free shoulder and pelting Stacy's tits and stomach. Occasionally, it ricocheted off my shoulder and onto her face. Several strands of her red hair were already plastered to her forehead.

The awkward angle started to burn after a while, and she was having trouble keeping her balance, so I abruptly shut the water off. Without drying off, I forced Stacy against the wall in front of the sink. She hopped up and wrapped her legs around my waist as she locked her arms around my neck. I had to support all her body weight, but she weighed maybe 130 pounds so it wasn't any trouble. 

In just a few minutes, I was ready to cum. I didn't want to cum inside her without a condom, so I pulled out, but I couldn't support her and stroke my cock at the same time. Stacy slid to the floor and began milking my cock. It took maybe five more seconds for me to cum all over her.

***********

"Where did you cum?" Kelly asked me as I plugged on toward Jacksonville.

"Mostly on those huge tits, baby," I said. "But some on her chin and her neck, too."

"I bet she needed another shower after that," Kelly said, panting into the phone.

"So did I," I said. "I got her off a couple more times with my fingers since she didn't cum again when I did."

"You're so... compassionate," Kelly said, pausing for effect.

"I try," I answered. "But that's not important right now. I'm more interested in what you're doing with your fingers."

"You know what I'm doing."

"I do," I said. "And I want you to imagine I'm doing it to you, instead. In fact, if I were there with you, I'd tie your hands together behind your back, or to the bedposts, and just rub that sweet little pussy of yours, and force you to cum over and over again on my fingers."

"Fuck, Brad, that's hot," she panted. "Fuck me."

"Oh, I would. After I made you cum on my fingers, and with my tongue, sure, I'd climb on top of you and fuck you till I came deep inside your pussy, baby. I wouldn't even worry about you cumming because I'm sure you'd cum as soon as my big cock touched your pussy lips and --"

I never got to finish, because Kelly started wailing on the phone. I stopped giving her a play-by-play, and just began encouraging her.

"That's good, Kelly," I said. "Cum all over those fingers for me. I want you to soak those fingers, just like you'd be soaking my cock."

"FUCK!" She said in the middle of her long string of expletives. It was the one clear word I could pull out.

"That's it, baby," I said. "You know I love hearing you cum for me."

"Fuck, Brad," she answered, sounding more out of breath than I was after the run this morning. "I keep thinking I'm... going to plateau. But these keep getting..."

I waited, but she didn't finish the statement.

"Better?"

She just whimpered something that sounded like an agreement.

"Good, baby," I said. "I'm glad. I just need to keep raising the bar everyday now. Gotta do something to keep you interested."

She knew I was kidding, and she laughed accordingly.

"So, Ms. Linton," I asked after giving her a few minutes to calm herself down. I didn't mind the wait; just listening to her breathe was intoxicating.

"Yes, Mr. Carver?"

"What would you like to tell the class today?" I'd been looking forward to this part since the last time she told me something about herself.

She groaned. Even that was sexy. "Not now."

"Yes, now."

"Why? We have the whole day."

"Because I said so, Kelly," I replied, and she got quiet. I'd tried to keep the sternness from my voice and inject just a little playfulness into it, but I seriously wanted to know more about her. Plus, dominating Lynette last night had been amazing, as brief as it was, and I found myself wanting to try it out on Kelly.

She finally spoke after a second. "That tone of voice, just now..." she trailed off. I thought I'd upset her and was just about to ask if I'd stepped over the line when she finally responded.

"So fucking hot," she said, her voice immediately turning husky again. I think my grin stretched all the way into Georgia.

"Good to know," I said, trying to pretend I wasn't immensely pleased by what she'd just told me. "What else is good to know?"

"I don't know," she stammered. I noticed she was no longer arguing that she had to tell me something, only that she didn't know what to say. "Can you ask me a question?"

"Sure, but you won't like it," I replied.

"Go ahead."

My mind flashed back to the morning's conversation with Scott. "What do you look like?"

"Brad, no," she answered. "I told you I wanted to keep that a surprise until we meet." The more she dodged it, the more I worried.

"You wanted me to ask a question," I said. "That's your question."

"Yeah, but, under the rules, I don't have to answer it," she said. I'd hoped she'd forgotten those rules.

"True," I replied. "But until you do, that's the only question I'm asking."

"Every day?"

"Mm hmm." I sat there in silence, waiting to see what she would do. There was only one logical explanation for why she was so hesitant to describe herself to me, and I saw no way that could be a good thing.

"Well, I'm sorry," she said. "I think that is best experienced in person, not in words."

"Says the girl who's already seen multiple pictures of me," I retorted.

"But I would still be doing this even if I hadn't," she answered.

"Would you?" I asked. "I'm not calling you shallow, Kelly, but how do you know that? Five minutes after we first talked, you saw a picture of me in my mom's office. Are you saying that if you hadn't liked what you saw, we'd have still had phone sex that night?"

She was quiet for a moment. My point was made, and I was content to wait for her answer.

"No, I'm not saying that," she said. "But you haven't seen any bad pictures of me. You haven't seen any at all, and you don't have any details about what I look like. If I still didn't know what you looked like, yes. I am very sure that I would still be doing this."

There was a pressure building up behind my eyes, and I pinched the bridge of my nose in a futile attempt to stop it before it got worse. There was something I wanted to say, but for whatever reason, I couldn't say it. So I said something else instead.

"I'm more than happy to keep doing this, too, Kelly," I replied. "But I would really like to have a realistic image to go with all the happy thoughts."

That was somewhere around eighth on the list of reasons I wanted to know what she looked like, but it was at least a reason. She didn't say anything again, and this time, I felt compelled to jump in.

"You don't sound like you're going to change your mind," I said. "And that's fine, but I'm not either. I want an answer to that question before I ask you anything else."

"I guess that's fair," she said.

"So, tell me something else," I said, trying to be cordial and act like it was no big deal. There were a lot of other things I wanted to know about her, but this one was at the top of my list, and the fact that she was guarding it like a nuclear bomb code was grating on my nerves.

"I really don't know," she replied.

"Well, that's unfortunate," I answered. "Because I'm not letting you off the phone till you tell me, or until I get where I'm going. Last check, I have about six hours left on this drive. When do you have to be at work again?"

"In an hour," she groaned. "Please, don't remind me."

"Well, tell me something about yourself then, and we'll spend the next hour talking about much, much more pleasant topics."

She sighed. "You do know this would be a lot easier if you just asked me something else, right?"

"Yes," I replied. "It'd be even easier if you'd just answer the one I already asked."

