  Note: This is the 11th chapter in what will be a fairly long series. If you haven't read Chapters 1-10, this section won't make any sense. I mean, the sex scenes will mostly stand alone, but there's a pretty significant back-story. Anyway, thanks for reading! Feedback is appreciated! Special thanks to AnInsatiableReader for helping me clean it up. 

Anyway... enjoy!! 

************************

Day 10

Saturday, June 21

Indianapolis, IN to Evansville, IN

It was after 3 a.m. when I'd fallen asleep, Kelly breathing heavily in my ear and my arm wrapped around Jenny's waist. So, I wasn't too surprised when my phone told me it was after 10 when I woke up. Jenny was still slumbering peacefully, but there were no sounds coming from my phone.

My call log said we'd talked for a little over four hours, meaning it had dropped our call sometime around sunrise. I wasn't happy about that, and I was about to call her back when a subtle movement made me realize that Jenny and I weren't alone in this king sized bed.

"You feeling ok?" I asked. Desiree was lying on her side facing Jenny, and it took the brunette a few moments to formulate her thoughts before she answered.

"I've been a professional dancer for three years," she replied. Her voice was thick with Hangover-ese. "I was a cheerleader for a half a dozen years before that, and a gymnast throughout my youth."

I waited patiently.

"Very disconcerting to me that standing up and walking 10 feet before collapsing onto a bed was that difficult."

I laughed softly, trying not to wake Jenny.

"You weigh like 47 pounds, Desiree," I said. "You finished a six pack before the concert ended, and worked halfway through another one at the after party. At your size, you should spread that much alcohol out over a week."

"Point taken," she said. "I didn't finish Jenny off, did I?"

"I don't think so," I replied. "When I came back in, you were asleep on her lap."

She nodded slightly. I was guessing she was trying to keep the room from spinning too much.

"Have you ever been with a girl before?" I asked.

She shook her head. "No. I mean, spending all those years in locker rooms and wearing hardly any clothes has made me appreciate the female body. I've been tempted before, but I'd never acted on it until last night."

"Why?"

"Partly because I was drunk," she said, resting her right hand on Jenny's left hip. I moved my hand on top of hers. "And partly because she's so damn hot. I thought maybe I was just too hammered to know any better, but seeing her this morning..."

"Definitely not beer goggles," I confirmed.

"Nope," she said. "Of course, I'm still mainly into men, and I'm a little aggravated that I missed my chance with you last night, too."

"I was sorry about that myself," I said. "I got with a cheerleader my first year in the Marines, but that was an 18-year-old high school girl. Never had the chance with a major leaguer before."

"Well," she smiled, interlocking her fingers with mine. "No time like the present."

"I can't," I answered. "I told Jenny last night that once she and I were done, I was done, at least as far as all of this went." I motioned to the hotel room, and the various piles of clothes and purses still laying all around. "She really was the one I was most looking forward to being with all day, and we had a pretty special time."

"I heard bits and pieces," she grinned. "I sleep like a rock usually, but you made her get pretty loud a couple times."

"He did, didn't he?" Jenny mewled. 

"Good morning," I said, using Desiree's hand to squeeze her hip.

"Hi," Desiree said.

"I don't know how you can look that beautiful after drinking as much as you did last night," Jenny said.

"You're such a pretty little liar," Desiree beamed.

"She's not lying," I replied. "And you?" I turned Jenny's head slightly back toward me. "How are you feeling about everything that happened last night?"

"Confused as all hell," she said, and Desiree and I both laughed. "But I'm not ashamed of it. Playing with you and your girlfriend, even over the phone, was one of the hottest experiences I've ever had."

Desiree raised an eyebrow at the mention of my girlfriend.

"I just wish you hadn't let this one drink so much," Jenny said, putting an arm on Desiree's elbow. The brunette girl was blushing now. "Because I could have had two incredible experiences in one night."

"Like she said," I said. "No time like the present."

"I'm not drunk now," Jenny said, giggling. She turned to meet Desiree's eyes before the girl could get too disappointed, "Not that I won't eventually. I just need to move a little slower with that."

Desiree nodded in agreement. She leaned in for a kiss, and Jenny accepted. It wasn't too passionate, but it was warm and tender and made me think about quietly sneaking out of bed.

"But as for the here and now," Jenny said, as if reading my mind. "You told me I was the last one for the night, Brad, and I appreciate that. But, it's morning now."

"Yes, it is," I said.

"You want each other," Jenny said. "The only way I'd care is if you didn't let me watch."

My cock had been nestled snugly between her ass cheeks since before I'd woken up, and it woke up quickly when she said that.

"Ooh," she giggled. "I see at least part of you is interested in that."

"Definitely," I replied.

"So, how do we do this?" Desiree asked as eagerly as she could manage. Jenny replied by rolling over the brunette's lithe body to her other side, and nudging her gently toward me.

"Like that," Jenny giggled.

"You're going to have be a lot gentler with me than you were with her last night," Desiree said when she saw my cock sticking out lewdly. "I haven't had anything that big in a while, and I'm really hung over. So, unless you want me puking on you..."

I managed to laugh at that rather unsightly visual.

"I'll go easy on you, Desiree," I said. "And Jenny will help me."

The curly blonde nodded and smiled as I moved between Desiree's legs. She was topless, showing off smallish but perfectly-shaped B-cup boobs, but she still wore her short denim shorts from the concert. I unbuttoned them and kissed down her legs as I went. Once they joined the laundry pile on the floor, I pulled her orange thong to the side. Her pussy was smooth shaven, and it made me my mouth water.

Jenny lay her head on Desiree's chest, lightly stroking the brunette's flat stomach as she watched me work. I slid down the bed and moved my head between her legs. The moment my tongue touched her, just to the left of her lips, she gasped and sat up some.

"What are you doing?" she shrieked, her hand wrapping itself in Jenny's hair.

"Eating breakfast," I muttered.

"Are you kidding?" she asked. "I slept in my clothes last night, and I haven't showered since right before the concert."

"I figured," I said, and licked the bare skin to the right of her pussy lips. "And you can tell how much I care."

She had been sweating, sure, but her scent was still pleasant. Besides, the whole room still faintly smelled like sex from everything that had happened last night and this morning.

Jenny's eyes sparkled at me as she grinned. "You are awesome," she mouthed. I just raised my eyebrows in response before darting my tongue briefly into Desiree's honey pot.

"Oh, God," she said, instantly squirming under my tongue. "I promise, Brad, I'm ready to take it."

"You're ready when I say you're ready," I replied, just before pressing my tongue flat against her clit. Desiree shouted again.

"Relax, honey," Jenny said, gently kneading Desiree's left boob. "He's pretty big. The wetter you are, the better. Plus, he made me cum twice yesterday with his tongue. Just enjoy it."

"Never felt this good," Desiree said. 

"You just haven't found someone to do it right," Jenny answered. She kept cooing at her new friend as I gave her pussy a tongue bath. I slipped in a finger, and when her pussy greedily accepted it, I slid in a second one. She wasn't quite as tight as Jenny, but I was still going to stretch her.

Not just yet, though. I pushed her right leg up, and Jenny grabbed it behind the knee. Desiree lifted her other leg and held it up, giving me much better access to her pussy. I took full advantage, burying my face in her snatch for a few moments, reveling in her smooth, damp skin. I licked everywhere I could make my tongue go without pulling my mouth off of her.

"Shit," Desiree stammered. "Fucking.. fuck!"

I hadn't shaved since I'd left South Carolina early on Thursday morning, so I knew my beard was tickling her ass and inner thighs. I slipped one hand under her ass, pulling her as tight against me as I could. A quick glance up showed me that Jenny had one of Desiree's nipples between her teeth and the other between her fingers.

I continued to plunge my tongue in and out of her wetness, getting more and more of her juices into my mouth with each thrust. She tasted exquisite. Odd word to be using when eating a girl out, but there it was.

I felt something touch my free hand, which had been laying on the bed next to Desiree's hip. I looked and saw Jenny smiling at me and rubbing her lower leg on my hand. I moved the hand up, rubbing her smooth thighs as I tongued Desiree.

"Kiss her," I said, softly enough that only Jenny could hear it. Her eyes flared up, and she bit her lip as she nodded. Desiree whimpered when Jenny's mouth left her nipple, but she moaned loudly when she felt Jenny's lips touch her own.

Something about seeing them kiss got to me and sent my mouth into overdrive. I moved my other hand to her clit and rubbed feverishly, and it wasn't long before Desiree was screaming out.

"Fuck, he's making me cum!" she cried out. She had one hand in Jenny's hair and the other around her shoulders, holding her close as she rode out the orgasm we'd just delivered. Her hips kept rocking back and forth slowly for another minute or two as she relaxed.

"That's the first orgasm I haven't given myself in six months," she said, pausing once or twice to draw breaths.

"I think you're about to have another one pretty soon," Jenny said, teasing her as she grabbed a condom off the nightstand and pushed it into my hand. I had it out of its wrapper and around my cock in no time. 

"Any requests?" I asked. Desiree rolled onto her side and lifted her top leg up. Even hung over like she was, she was still incredibly flexible. As I slid in behind her, I felt her leg curl behind my knee and pull me in closer. When we were settled, Jenny took her place in front of Desiree.

It took me a few minutes to work all eight inches inside her. Her pussy clenched me tight with every inch I fed her, and she inhaled sharply with every slight movement. Jenny kept sweet talking her, but it wasn't until I took her hand and moved it to Desiree's clit that I felt the brunette start to relax. She was plenty lubed up from my oral exploits, but I felt her get even wetter with Jenny's attention.

My focus was on Desiree's pleasure. I really had wanted to ravage her last night, but the mood this morning called for something slower and more leisurely, so that's what she got. I reached around and cupped her left breast as I lazily but firmly stroked in and out of her.

Desiree tilted her head back to kiss me, and I obliged. I could still taste beer on her tongue when she pushed it into my mouth, but I was sure my morning breath was no picnic, either. 

I felt something brush against my cock, and I looked down to see that Jenny had flattened her sexy, curvaceous body against Desiree's, and was now rubbing her clit -- and my cock, by proximity -- with her leg. Jenny's hand massaged Desiree's other breast and rubbed and down her side as I continued to pump my hips back and forth.

"Fuck, I want to cum again so bad," Desiree moaned into Jenny's mouth. 

"Do it, then," Jenny moaned back. "Don't hold back."

"So.. fucking.. close," Desiree sputtered. My left hand moved down to the spot where Jenny's hips met Desiree's, and I forced my fingers between them until I was rubbing her clit. As an extra bonus, I was getting plenty of contact with Jenny's pussy, too.

The combination of my fingers and Jenny's silky smooth legs against Desiree's clit was just too much for her to handle, and she stiffened up like a 2x4, arching her back almost painfully as her orgasm washed over her. Her pussy clamped down on my cock to where I literally couldn't move it, not even a half inch in or out. 

"Cum for us," Jenny said softly, rubbing Desiree's breasts gently as she started to calm down. When she let me, I stroked in and out of her pussy again, making very soft and shallow thrusts designed to help bring her back to Earth. 

Desiree wasn't responding to Jenny's words or my actions, and after a moment, I realized she'd passed out again. I pulled out wordlessly and made my way into the bathroom, leaving the two girls tangled together in a mass of bed sheets.

I checked myself out in the mirror while I brushed my teeth, and I couldn't help but laugh. I was, quite frankly, a fucking mess. The bruise on my jaw had doubled in size and turned a yellowish-green overnight. The beard was two days old and unkempt, and my left shoulder looked pretty gnarly where a combination of teeth and sharp fingernails had done their best to take a chunk out.

Still, I couldn't help but grin. It was Saturday, which meant that a week from tomorrow, I'd be back in Idaho. I'd thoroughly enjoyed my adventure thus far, and I was sure the next week held more surprises for me, but I was ready to get back home. I missed my family, and after logging nearly 300 miles or more each day that I'd traveled, it would be nice to wake up and not have to cross state lines for a few days.

And, oh yeah. There was the smoking hot girl waiting for me, too. I thought about that for a minute as I let the hot water wash over my body, a much-needed shower after the last 20 hours of sweat and sex. I had no idea what she looked like, except that she had brown hair. Yet, I had no doubt she was going to be one of the sexiest women I'd ever met. Scott had made several good points while scolding me a few days ago in Florida, but with all I knew about her, there was no way I wasn't going to have a massive physical attraction to her.

At least, that's what I told myself.

I realized my back was worse off than I thought, too, when the water cascaded over my shoulders and hit the numerous divots Miranda and Jenny had left on my skin. I was seriously considering giving my body the rest of the day off when I heard the bathroom door open. A few moments later, the shower curtain opened.

"Want some company?" Jenny asked. I nodded, and she stepped in behind me. I was in no mood to make a complete list, but Jenny had one of the hottest bodies I'd ever seen, on this road trip or otherwise. Watching the water moisten her breasts and stomach just made her even sexier.

We looked at each other for a minute before sharing a long, deep kiss. Our tongues fought one another for supremacy, until I finally gave in and let hers into my mouth. I ran my hands up and down her back and I felt her hands squeeze my ass.

"I shouldn't have done that," Jenny said when we finished.

"Why not?"

"Kelly's okay with you kissing me?"

"Jenny, I'm leaving here in a bit and making my way back toward her," I said as I rinsed shampoo out of my hair. "She knows that. She's encouraged me to play as often as I want to on my way home, and the only caveat is I have to give her details. I don't make a habit of kissing every girl I've played with, but sometimes, if we've done something pretty special and it feels right, then I do."

"I'm glad you said that," she replied. "I know you're going home, and I'll probably never see you again. But I kinda think last night was more than just a hot one-night stand that I'd never forget, and I'm glad you think so, too."

"I do," I said. "I'm sure Kelly does, too. She wasn't lying when she said she'd never done anything with a girl before. The way she opened up with you... I've gotten her pretty far out of her shell, but she wouldn't have done that so quickly and easily with just anyone."

"That's really cool," she said. She stepped under the spray and let her hair get wet as I watched.

"And who's to say you'll never see me again? I'm sure Kelly would love to meet you, and we love to travel."

"Hmm," she said. "I do have some family up in Denver. That's not too far from Idaho, right?"

"About nine hours in the car," I answered.

We chatted idly for a few more minutes. We were both still incredibly turned on from playing with Desiree, as neither of us had cum. I didn't want to do anything else with her in the shower, though. She smiled at me, as if reading my mind. "I'll have to convince her to let me play with this again sometime soon," she said, rubbing a soap-filled washcloth over my cock. 

"I'm sure she'll agree, as long as she gets a piece of you first," I answered.

************

"So, I'm your girlfriend, huh?" Her voice was thick and sleepy, but I was pretty damn sure she was smiling when she answered the phone. I was cruising down Interstate 65, about halfway between Indianapolis and Louisville. 

"Kelly, I'm pretty sure most people answer the phone with 'Hi," or 'Hello,' or something like that."

"Brad, I'm pretty sure I'm not most people," she retorted. "Not only that, but I'm pretty sure you like that I'm not most people, and I'm also pretty sure you like the way I answer the phone."

"You're right," I answered. "I do like it, along with many other things."

"You didn't answer my question," she stated matter-of-factly.

"Right again," I replied. 

"Is that what we are?" she asked.

"I don't know," I answered honestly. "I mean, I guess it's kind of hard to say you're my girlfriend when we've never met, but..." I trailed off.

"But, what?"

"I spend just about every waking moment thinking about you," I said. "And trust me, that's not an easy thing for me to say. Even if we'd met in person instead of over the phone, I can't imagine being any more into you than I am right now. If you weren't in the picture, I definitely would have taken that girl's virginity last night, and I definitely would have hooked up with Jenny again this morning. But neither situation felt right because of how I feel about you."

"You didn't do anything with Jenny?"

"Oh, I did some," I answered. "It was more of a tag-team partnership, really. She and I got Desiree off twice this morning. She was the cheerleader that was sitting in front of me at the concert, and she kinda hooked up with Jenny last night before she passed out."

"Aww," Kelly said. "I guess that means I wasn't her first girl."

"Sorry," I laughed. "Though, I think all they did was make out and use their fingers. Anyway, neither Jenny nor I came, and she got in the shower a little after I did. We talked a little, and we did kiss once, but that was it."

"Why?"

"I guess because I shared her with you," I said. "And as hot as she is, doing something with her without you would have felt a little strange. Not something I can explain easily."

"I see."

"Plus, I can tell she's a pretty special person," I said. "I don't think it would have happened, but there was a chance that she could have started to feel a little something for me, and I don't want to see anyone get hurt. "

"Aw, my Bradley is a little heartbreaker," she quipped.

"I'm trying very hard not to be," I answered.

"I know," she said. "That one was more than just sex, though, right? A little different than the others?"

"Of course," I said. "She and I both agreed that last night was intense. More than just your average casual sex. But Kelly, I knew it wouldn't have been anything more than just great sex without you being there. She did, too."
