  A couple notes before we begin: If you're new to the series (or just don't have a long-term eidetic memory and can't remember what you read 8+ years ago), I'd suggest starting from the beginning, because this is very much a story that won't make a ton of sense if you don't. At the very least, start with Chapter 12. There's a pretty good recap of everything that happened in Ch. 1-11. The sex scenes will stand pretty well by themselves, but there's a significant backstory, too.

This one is a little shorter and doesn't include any actual sex. I more than make up for it with the next two chapters... WHICH ARE WRITTEN!!! Woohoo!! They'll be posted shortly after this one.

Thanks for sticking with me or being new to the party, whichever you are. My editor is AnInsatiableReader and she's very good at what she does. The ideas are mine -- the fact that they get on paper without sounding like Swahili jibberish is all her. (And no, I'm not giving you too much credit. Hush.)

Enough of the notes. 

Day 13

Tuesday, June 23

Rockford, IL to Omaha, NE

Well... this was a sight I could get used to.

As a rule, I wasn't a big fan of hotel rooms. This was my third night in a row in a hotel, and I had two more to go. I'd rather crash on someone's floor or camp out than deal with another non-descript hallway, too-small bathroom and 14-inch TV made in the 1970s. Outside of a couple exceptions I'd met on my trip, hotel desk clerks were about as friendly as a starving pitbull.

If every hotel could provide me with a hot naked girl laying ass-up on my bed, though... well, every man has a price.

That was the view I got when I returned from the hotel's small gym a little after 9 a.m. Hannah, the Hooters waitress from the night before, was still passed out cold on the bed with that sexy ass -- the one I'd deflowered just hours ago -- facing the ceiling. Her various toys were scattered around her, along with a jar of lube and a few articles of her clothing. Her pale ass cheeks were still tinted red from the spanking I'd given her.

I'd had more sex on this trip than most single guys get in a year, but I knew last night would stick in my memory for a long time. It wasn't often that I got to take a girl's anal virginity, but it had been some of the hottest sex I'd ever had. 

It had been good practice for me as well, because I had another anal cherry to pop before too long. Kelly had specifically requested that I have anal sex with someone on the trip. I'd done her one better by snapping a picture when I first slid my cock into Hannah's ass and sending it to her.

"Holy fuck!!" Kelly's text read. "That's sooo fucking hot, but how the fuck did she take that?"

"Same way you will," I'd replied when I woke up. "I was gentle until I didn't need to be. Took a few minutes, but she was creaming all over the bed before long." In a separate text, I'd said, "When you wake up, make yourself cum just from looking at that picture and imagining it was you."

She hadn't replied yet, so I set my phone on the dresser and shed my workout clothes. I approached Hannah and gently shook her shoulder, but she didn't stir. Getting an evil idea, I reached for her purple vibrator, lubed it up slightly and slipped it halfway into her pussy. She squirmed a little at the intrusion but didn't wake up, so I took her silver bullet and sat it in the cleft between her cheeks, using the twin globes to hold it in place but ensuring it touched her pink opening.

When everything was in place, I turned both vibrators on. It took most of a minute, but she slowly stirred to life, a serene smile painted on her lips.

"Good morning," she said. Her eyes widened a little as her brain registered what was happening between her legs.

"Good morning," I said. "I'm going to take a shower. Be a good girl and don't move until I get back."

"What if something slips or falls out?"

"Don't move, and it won't." I gave her a sadistic smile as I stepped into the bathroom. I didn't necessarily take my time in the shower, but I didn't hurry for her benefit either. About 10 minutes later, I walked back into the room. Hannah's eyes were closed, and her mouth was open. Sweat beaded on her forehead and she was breathing hard, but it looked like she'd done what I asked.

"Good girl," I said, kneeling on the bed next to her. "Ready for a reward?"

She just whimpered, which I took for a yes. I replaced the silver bullet with my tongue and pushed the other vibrator fully into her pussy at the same time.

"Oh God," she moaned. "I'm so sore, but that feels so fucking good."

I didn't reply, instead ramping up the intensity on my rimjob. She moved her hand underneath to rub her clit, and before long, she was cumming on the sheets again.

"What about you?" she gasped, staring at my hard-on as it jutted out lewdly. "I don't think I can handle you in my ass again right now, but you can fuck me."

"Just showered," I said, though that wasn't the biggest reason. "Roll over."

She did as I asked, and I started pumping my cock. Her tits were just big enough for what I wanted, and as I straddled her chest, she got the idea and pushed them together. She spit on her hand and lubed my cock with it, making it slick enough to slide back and forth between her breasts. They weren't huge, but a moderate C-cup was more than enough. I balanced myself with my fists on the bed, letting her boobs do most of the work.

That lasted for a few minutes, then I had her sit up on the edge of the bed. I stood in front of her and straddled her thighs, sliding my cock back between her breasts. From that angle, I could fuck her tits faster.

"Ooh, I bet you like that," she said.

"I do," I answered. "Almost as much as you liked my cock in your ass last night."

"Fuck," she muttered. "I thought you were fucking me with a coke bottle. Just sitting down now hurts a little bit."

"Good," I said, smiling. I wasn't gonna last a whole lot longer. "I'm leaving town in a minute here, and I want you to have something to remember me by."

"Wanna give me a little something else? Maybe a load of cum on my tits?"

"Not sure how little it's gonna be," I replied, wrapping my hand in her blonde curls and pushing her head forward. She rested her forehead on my sternum, and I fucked her tits as hard as I could. When I was ready to cum, I pulled her head back.

"Wanna see," I stammered, all I could get out before I splashed her with rope after rope of cum. One shot landed under her chin, with the rest splashing her neck and upper chest. She took hold of my cock and managed to milk a few more drops, smearing them all over her nipples.

"Fuck the phone," she said. "That's a fucking wake-up call."

"Glad you enjoyed it," I replied, grabbing my towel and wiping my cock before tossing it to her.

"So, what exactly happened last night?" she asked, standing up and walking gingerly toward the bathroom.

"I have to tell you?" I laughed.

"Before I got here," she said. "I was under the impression I was calling Isaac."

"Isaac is married to a woman who models underwear for a living," I answered, pulling on a pair of boxers and cargo shorts. "He's the most faithful guy I know, so it's nothing personal, but he was never going to do anything with you."

"He had me fooled."

"That's the idea," I said. "We used to run that particular game when he was still single. Sometimes he just likes to remember that he still has it, but he'll never follow through."

"Why did he leave your number, then?" she asked.

"He's not about making empty promises," I answered. "He knew I could deliver on his boasts, and I saw him write my number down when we left. He didn't think you'd have the stones to call."

"What about you?"

"Truthfully? I didn't think so either, but I'm glad I was wrong."

"Yes, you were." She grinned at me, and as she passed me on her way to the shower, she bent over and spread her ass cheeks for me. I whistled as she walked away.

I got dressed and packed up, then wrote something on the hotel stationary as I waited for her to get out. 

"I've left a couple phone numbers for you on this notepad," I said. "The first is my phone number. Text me with your e-mail address later. I'm trying to keep up with everyone I meet on this road trip."

"Road trip?" she asked, and I gave her a few details of my last two weeks. "What about the second number?"

"I have a girlfriend back in Idaho," I explained. "She knows everything I'm doing and is only mad that she's not here to be my accomplice."

"Ah," she said, shrugging her shoulders. "Why do I need her number?"

"I want you to send her a text message at some point this morning," I said. "Tell her in great detail how my cock felt pumping in and out of your ass. Tell her how many times you came. Describe how full you felt when you were stuffed on both ends."

"Holy fuck," she shuddered. "That's fucking hot."

"She's never taken it up the ass, either," I said, grabbing my bags. "That's going to change in a few days, but I want her to have a first-hand account of what she's in for."

*****************

"So, my phone's been vibrating so much lately that I might as well just stick it in my pussy and call it a night."

That's how Kelly answered the phone. I was just crossing from Illinois into Iowa on I-80.

"Uh oh," I said, already used to her answering the phone in a way that made me harder than steel. "I better not have to start competing for your phone time."

"Stop giving my phone number to hot girls, then," Kelly answered. I knew she was kidding, but still.

"Who now?"

"Well, Jenny and I texted some yesterday, but it was kind of awkward without you being a part of it. Ellie and I talked for a few minutes, but I think she just wanted to make sure I was okay with what you guys had done. And then I got a text a few minutes ago from a girl who didn't give me her name, but told me in detail how you destroyed her ass last night."

"That's Hannah," I answered. "She's a waitress at Hooters that Isaac picked up last night. You wanted me to brush up on my anal sex skills, and she was more than willing."

"I figured she was the girl in the picture with that baseball bat sticking out of her ass," Kelly said. "For her troubles, I sent her a picture of myself. I sent Ellie and Jenny one, too."

"Wait one fucking second," I said. "Are you telling me three of the last four girls I've fucked know what you look like, but I don't?"

I could hear her smiling from a time zone away. "If you have any other numbers you'd like me to send pictures to, just let me know."

"That's it, woman," I said. "Just for that, I'm going to give you story time right now, but you can't cum."

"BRAD!!" She screamed so loud that ears were ringing in the car behind me, and a quick check of my rear view showed no one in sight. "That's so not fair!"

"Neither is you sending your picture out to the entire nation, but not the one person who wants to see it more than anyone else," I reasoned. "You made your bed. You can lie in it now."

"I'm sitting on the couch, actually," she giggled.

"Even better," I said. "Take your clothes off, and once you're naked, your hand does not leave your pussy."

"I thought you said I couldn't cum," she said.

"You can't," I answered. "You're going to play with yourself the entire time, though, and it's a long story."

She groaned as I started. I told her about the conversation between Isaac and Hannah at Hooters, and I told her about my late-night phone call. When I got to the finale, when I'd stuffed Hannah's long, thick dildo in her pussy while reaming her ass, Kelly started whining.

"Can I please cum, Brad? Pretty please?" she begged.

"No," I stated flatly, and then continued my story. I told her about the morning's activities, ending with my cum splattering on Hannah's chest. By the time I finished, I'd been teasing Kelly for about half an hour.

"Oh my God, Brad," she moaned. "I don't think I can stop myself."

"Both hands on the phone," I said. "I'm going to be very disappointed in you if you cum right now."

She let out the pathetic wail of a child who'd just had her candy taken away, but her breathing slowed down a little.

"There's nothing I can do to change your mind?" she begged.

"There is something you can do," I said. "Put your clothes back on."

Her silence was deafening, but I heard rustling on the other end of the line.

"Wow," she said finally. "The honeymoon's over, and we haven't even met yet."

"Why do you say that?"

"Not only will you not let me cum, now you don't even want me to be naked?"

I couldn't tell if she was genuinely hurt or if she was just messing with me.

"I almost always want you to be naked, Kelly," I said. "But it's my turn to share. And while the idea of you laying there au natural excites me... you know, your nipples getting hard in the open air, your pussy quivering as the ceiling fan blows a gentle breeze across your legs, your breasts rising and falling as you breathe..." 

I let that hang there for a minute, knowing it would get her worked up and prime her even more for what I had planned in a few minutes.

"... that would be a little awkward when I started talking about my dad."

The noise Kelly made was nothing I'd ever heard before. She choked up in laughter at the sudden change in the conversation, but at the same time she groaned because I'd just pushed her buttons again.

"Oooh, I am so going to get you back for this," she said.

"Keep withholding your picture from me," I replied. "That will do it."

She was silent, either planning her revenge or steaming that I wasn't going to let her off the hook. Probably both.

"Anyway," I replied, as if I had no idea what I was doing to her. "Have you met my dad?"

"Will?" she asked. "Yeah, he does the computer networking stuff for all the restaurants, but he gets aggravated when anyone calls him Mr. Carver. He makes everyone use his first name."

"He's always been that way," I replied. "Very personable and approachable."

"Just like you," she said. "He's always playing pranks and trying to make everyone laugh. He's a good-looking guy, too. The manager at another store has a huge crush on him, but he'd be a bit too old for my tastes even if he wasn't married to the woman who signs my paychecks. Lucky for me, I found a carbon copy of him a lot closer to my age. The resemblance between the two of you is uncanny."

"It's funny you should say that, Kelly," I answered. "Because someone else's name is on my birth certificate."

"Say what?"

"Will Carver is my stepdad."

"Holy shit!" she shouted, genuinely surprised. "How is that even possible?"

"My mom divorced my sperm donor when I was still a baby," I explained. "She met my dad when I was one, married him right after I turned two. He was in the Air Force, so we moved all over the place. He's from Pocatello, though, so we moved there before my freshman year when he retired."

"But you... you guys look so much alike!"

"I know," I said. "Like you said, we have similar personalities, too. We're both laid back and spontaneous, but we feel more comfortable when we're in control of a situation. We have huge ambitions -- my dad has long since exceeded the goals he had for himself, and I'm on my way to that. Our families are the most important things in our lives, and we'd do anything to protect them. I've already told you some stories about that."

"Yeah," she said, still unable to wrap her mind around this.

"The only reason people knew he was my stepdad and not my biological dad when I was a kid was because of our different last names."

"He didn't adopt you?"

"They couldn't afford to," I said. "My sperm donor was an asshat, but his family had money. Every time they tried to adopt me, he threatened to fight with high-priced lawyers. So, when I finished boot camp, I had my name legally changed to Carver."

"What was it before?"

"Frost."

"Brad Frost," Kelly said, rolling it around on her tongue. "Doesn't sound right."

"It never has. I couldn't have chosen a better dad. He was at every baseball and football game, every piano recital, and every promotion ceremony in the Marines. He taught me everything I know about computers, he showed me how to fix things around the house, and he shared his financial wisdom. He treats my mom like a queen, and takes part in Habitat for Humanity events at least once a month, and that's how I learned to treat women and my fellow man."

"He sounds..." Kelly paused, deep in thought. "He sounds a lot like my dad."

My heart hurt for her. As much as I loved my dad, I had no idea how I'd have handled it if he'd died when I was barely out of high school. Still, she appreciated that I didn't apologize when she first told me, so I wasn't going to now, either.

"I'm sure they were a lot alike," I said. "I'm sure being a dad is a tough job, and I respect every man who does it, no matter the circumstances. I just think there's something extra special about a guy who wasn't biologically obligated to be a father, but chose to do so anyway."

"There's that country song," Kelly said. "By Brad Paisley."

"'He Didn't Have to Be,'" I answered quickly, nodding to no one. "I play it for my dad twice a year, on his birthday and on Father's Day. I e-mailed him a copy of it last week. He's not much of a country fan, but I guess he likes that song okay, because he hasn't told me to stop yet."

"That's pretty awesome, Brad," she said. "I'm happy for you."

"Kelly, I'm telling you all this because..." I said, then trailed off a moment. I'd spent much of my gym time figuring out how to say this, and now that the time had come, I had no idea what to say. So, I just opened my mouth and hoped I'd get it right.

"You caught me a little off guard yesterday, hon," I said. "I needed a little time to adjust, to redefine what being in a relationship with you actually means. But I meant what I said last night, baby. You are the most amazing and special woman I've ever known, and knowing that you have a son doesn't take away from that; it adds to it. I don't know what the future holds, but I'm not afraid of being a dad. You know what's best for your son, but if you ever decide you want me in that role, I just wanted you to know that I have a pretty good role model."

She was silent again, but I thought I heard a couple of noises on her end.

"Is everything OK?" I asked.

"Yeah, yeah," she said. "It's just a little dusty in here." 

I couldn't help but smile. "Allergy season was a real bitch this year, huh?"

"Yeah," she said again, but this time she was laughing. "Seriously, Brad, you have no idea how happy you just made me."

"I'm glad," I said. "I hope you know how happy your happiness makes me. And I know all this sounds like all the worst parts of a Hallmark commercial, but I want you to know I mean every word."

She laughed again. I looked at the dashboard clock and realized she'd have to go soon. Time to put the last part of my plan into effect.

"Kelly?" I said, my voice getting intentionally husky. She noticed.

"Yeah?"

"The first time we're together, I'm going to take my time," I said. "I'm going to explore every inch of your body with my eyes, my fingers, my tongue, my lips, my jaw, my palms, my teeth... I'm going to take my time and sear you deep into my memory."

"Oh, God," she muttered.

"But the second time?" I said, my voice turning sinister. "You owe me, Kelly. You made me sweat your little secret for a whole week, and you still won't let me see you. You need to be punished."

"Fuck," she stammered. "Punish me, Brad."

"I'm going to get you on all fours and plow you from behind, pound you until all you can do is lay flat on your stomach on the bed. When you cum twice on my cock, I'll pull out and use my mouth. When you cum twice that way, I'll finger fuck you to one more. Then -- and only then -- will I even begin to think about cumming."
