 I don't know your editor. But I'm guessing mine is better than yours. As always, AnInsatiableReader deserves a ton of thanks for plowing through this. When I send it to her, it looks nothing like the finished product you're about to read.

There's not a lot of sex in this one. You'll see why. If you've come this far, occasional chapters with minimal sex don't bother you.

*****

Day 17 

Saturday, June 28, 2007 

Grand Junction, CO

Oh. My. Fucking. God. 

I don't normally think in Valley Girl-ese. But then, I don't normally get in line for ice cream and damn near run over the hottest girl in the history of fucking existence, either. 

I'd been in line for 10 minutes, but my mind was elsewhere, so I didn't notice her standing in front of me. When there were only three people between me and the counter, she suddenly turned around and tried to leave, but crashed into me and hit the ground immediately.

She looked up at me - ya know, to find the asshole responsible for knocking her on her ass - and it was as if her chocolate brown eyes instantly tunneled through my chest and melted my soul. All the air rushed out of my lungs, and I suddenly found it very difficult to breathe.

She was fucking perfect.

I reached down to help her up, and I swear a bolt of electricity shot through my arm when our hands touched. Instead of instantly letting go, though, it made me grasp her hand even harder. Eventually, though, we broke contact and retreated to our neutral corners to size each another up.

She was maybe a couple inches taller than 5 feet, which gave me nearly an entire foot of height on her. I was guessing she was in her early 20s - maybe 21 or 22, probably younger than me but not by a whole lot. 

Her dark brown hair hung in curly ringlets a few inches past her shoulders, but a couple of renegade locks were glued to her forehead by the oppressive mid-90s heat. Her face was flushed and covered by a light sheen of sweat, but she was still the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. I can't say she looked like anyone else, because no one - not any supermodel, actress, or singer I'd seen on TV, or any non-celebrity I'd seen in person - got anywhere close.

As I scanned down her body, I was instantly drawn to her soft curviness. She wasn't skinny with the tight body of a fitness model, but I could tell she was fit and athletic. Her arms had obviously seen a weight room, and when she bent over to pick up the purse she'd dropped, I saw her calves flex - this girl was definitely into cardio. 

A lime green halter top clung to her upper body for dear life. The spaghetti straps on her shirt were slightly offset from her bra, which held up what looked to be large C-cup breasts that were at least a size too big for her otherwise diminutive frame.  

She had a pastel yellow shoulder bag slung across her back, and I guessed that was where she was carrying her phone, money and other personal things, because there was absolutely zero room for anything in her tight white shorts. The material travelled a little further down the front of her thighs than it did in the back, owing to her nice, round ass. She wouldn't be starring in any Sir Mix-a-Lot videos anytime soon, but again, it was maybe just a size too big for her body.

All in all, if I had to sculpt my perfect woman from scratch, this would be her, right down to the smallest detail.

For as long as my full-body inspection took, she'd been staring at me with just as much intensity. We might have stood there forever, too, if the guy behind me hadn't cleared his throat.

"Do you guys still want some ice cream, or do you just want to get a room?"

He didn't say it angrily - actually, it sounded like he was trying not to chuckle, and a few people in line behind him didn't bother holding in their laughs. Still, it was a clever way to let us know that she was actually next in line now. It broke the tension between us, but that was only temporary, because then she smiled, and somehow, my already illuminated world brightened tenfold. I think even the sun got a little jealous, because her face lit up the whole damned Western Hemisphere. 

Another monster wave of attraction slammed into me, and again, I was struggling to get air into my lungs.

My mind briefly flashed back to my teenage years. I'd asked out a really, really hot girl at school, and she said yes. I came home and told my dad that I'd just met the girl I was going to spend the rest of my life with. 

"I doubt it," he'd said.

"How do you know?" I'd shot back defiantly.

"Brad, do you feel like you've just been run over by a semi-truck, but like you could climb Mount Everest at the same time?"

I thought for a minute. "No, not really. But I do like her."

"So like her," he said. "I liked girls once upon a time, too. Even some women. But the first time I saw your mom... it was like a tornado had just swept through my life, yet somehow it made everything better. That's how you'll know."

That conversation only popped into my head because... that was it. That was exactly how I was feeling right this moment. With one accidental collision, this total stranger had completely rearranged my brain, but she'd made everything better.

Except for one thing.

***********************

Of course, I didn't know that yet when I woke up.

The sun was already in full force and trying to heat everything in the tent to 300 degrees by the time I finally opened my eyes.

Or maybe it wasn't the sun. Maybe it was the greedy, desperate noises I heard coming from right next to me.

Sara normally wore her red hair up in a ponytail, but when she let it down, she really had quite a lot of it. Right now, it was spread liberally all over Liz's stomach and upper thighs, preventing me from seeing exactly what was going on down there.

Just looking at Liz's upper body, though - twin nipples hard enough to cut through glass, beet red face, teeth clamping down on her lower lip - gave me a pretty good idea. Her subtle moaning, probably kept low on purpose since she thought I was still asleep, was a good clue as well.

I got up one on elbow, planning to watch the show. I didn't need to move Sara's hair to get an up close picture of what she was doing. Just watching Liz's face was exciting enough.

Liz, however, had other ideas.

"Oh, thank God," she said. "You're awake."

She quickly pulled my head down to her chest, and I sucked her nipple into my mouth. The quiet moans turned into not-so-quiet cries of pleasure.

"Good morning," Sara said, smiling up at us.

"Likewise," I said. "And what have you two been up to today?"

"Oh, not much," Sara said. "Just eating breakfast."

With that, she vanished behind her curtain of hair again. Liz's breathing was very shallow and rapid, and I could tell it wasn't going to take much longer to bring her over the edge.

"Did you have fun last night, baby?" I asked as my tongue dipped into her ear. With my hand, I moved back and forth between her nipples, pinching first one, then the other.

"Uh huh," she whimpered.

"I know you felt my tongue a couple times, but you never got the pleasure of feeling Sara's on your pussy, did you?"

"Nuh uh," she pouted.

"Such a good best friend, making it up to you so soon like this," I said.

"Uh huh," she repeated.

"Is she gonna make you cum, Liz?" I asked. Before she could answer, I kept going. "Are you gonna cum on your best friend's tongue, you dirty little girl? Are you gonna make that gorgeous, freckled face all slick with your pussy juice? Hmm?"

"Oh, fuck, fuck!" she cried out. Her left hand pulled my face back down to her nipples, while her right hand ensured Sara's lips and tongue would be going nowhere. "Fuck, you guys are going to—"

It was too late. She was already spasming, rhythmically grinding her pussy into Sara's face as her entire body undulated. It took her most of a minute to relax and let her body settle back onto the sleeping bag.

Sara finally reappeared, pulling her hair back into the ponytail. She had a sheepish but satisfied grin on her face.

"Can I have a taste?" I asked. Sara hummed her agreement and slowly crawled up, stopping when she was kneeling between Liz's legs. If she'd been wearing a strap-on - or if she'd been me, with the hard-on I'd just sprouted - she'd be in a perfect position to start fucking Liz.

She offered her mouth to me, and I claimed it greedily, enjoying the taste of Liz's pussy juice on her lips.

"I want some," Liz said, turning my head toward her. I gladly obliged her, wondering how much of herself she could taste third-hand. 

"Now from you, too," she said to Sara, and they kissed passionately. Before long, we all ended up in another three-way kiss.

"I have to say that I wasn't expecting to see that when I woke up this morning," I said.

"I wasn't expecting to do it, either, but I'm glad I did."

"Why's that?" Liz asked.

"Two reasons," Sara said. "First, you taste really fucking good. Second, you went down on me last night, and I didn't get off. So now... you owe me."

Instead of arguing or making excuses - like how my cock was buried balls deep in her while she went down on Sara last night, causing a bit of a distraction - Liz just grinned wildly.

"You want me to pay up right now?" she asked, licking her lips.

"No, I think I'll put it in my pocket for later," Sara replied. "Anyway, we both need showers. Are you coming, Brad?" 

The showers had proven to be pretty fucking fantastic for me over the past 24 hours, and I had no doubt another trip would be more of the same, so I was sorely tempted. However, I had a deadline to meet.

"Nah, I'm good for now," I said. 

"Are you sure?" Sara asked, motioning towards my tented boxers. "You look like you've got quite the problem there. I'm sure we could help you fix it."

I was sure they could too, but now, in the light of day, I really only wanted one person to fix it, and that was going to have wait until tomorrow.

"I dealt with one all day yesterday," I said. "I promise I'll be ok. You guys have your fun."

They pouted a little, but eventually they left for the showers holding hands. I grabbed my phone and saw that Kelly had answered my text when she woke up. 

Kelly: Tomorrow! That's fucking crazy. I'll be checking my e-mail all day. Oh, and dripping all over the floor, too. Can't wait to see you!

Neither could I, and I told her as much. That done, I grabbed my laptop out of the car and got to writing.

It took me about half an hour to finish my e-mail to Kelly, explaining in naughty detail all the things that happened yesterday. I left out some of the minor details, like Liz knowing about the massage and watching while I fingered Sara behind the first aid tent. It took me long enough to get into explicit detail about the concert and the threesome that followed. Besides, she might be feeling up to a little talk tonight, and I could get into more detail then. Anyway, I figured I'd have more than enough time to give her a more thorough play-by-play in person.

She probably wouldn't have time to read it until tonight, but I hoped that simply seeing she had an e-mail from me would brighten her long day.

I had just put everything away when the girls came back, all freshly scrubbed and changed for the day. 

"You guys taking off?" I asked Liz. Liz had a family engagement today, otherwise I would have blocked the day off just for her. 

"Yeah, off to go see the family," she said.

"What about you?" I asked Sara. "I know you're driving her in, but what about when you get back? Any plans for the day?"

"Actually, I'm just going to stay with her," Sara said, motioning toward Liz, who was putting her bag in Sara's car. 

"Really?" I asked. "What happened last night changed things between you guys that much, huh?"

That was a surprise, but it actually made me happy. I remembered having a brief thought about how she'd have made an excellent girlfriend the night before, and while I knew I wouldn't do anything about it, it would be even easier if she was going to be somewhere else for the day. 

She looked confused for a minute, but then I saw the light bulb turn on. She blushed a little.

"Oh, no! Nothing like that. I mean, I'm not gonna say that's not gonna happen again, but, no, Liz and I are still very much into this," she said, grabbing my cock through my shorts. Writing my steamy recap e-mail to Kelly had done nothing to cure my condition, and I was regretting my decision not to follow Sara and Liz into the showers.

"Then why aren't you coming back?" I asked. "Already sick and tired of me, huh?"

"No," she said, staring at her feet. "Quite the opposite, actually."

Now I was confused. I just waited for her to figure that out and continue.

"Brad, I know you have a girlfriend," she said. That was news to me - I'd thought about telling both she and Liz that the day before, but since it wasn't an issue for me or Kelly, I didn't want it to be an issue for Sara or Liz, either. It might have gotten in the way of the incredible night we'd all had.

"How do you know that?" I asked.

"Don't get mad, but I kind of eavesdropped on you the other night, right after you came back to the camp from being with Janine," she said. "I heard you on the phone. I left before things got too crazy, but it was clear you were involved with her."

"That didn't bother you yesterday?"

"No," she said. "For one, I heard you say that she was waiting for you to give her the play-by-play. If she wanted to hear about it, then I assumed she was ok with it, and if she was ok with one, she'd be okay with me, too."

That made sense, I guess.

"Even if I hadn't heard that part, you'd basically guaranteed me you were going to take care of me the next day, right before you shoved your tongue down my throat."

"Fair enough," I said. "So then, if you know I have a girlfriend and you know she's okay with it, what's the problem?"

Like I said, I was kind of happy she wasn't going to be around, but I was still curious -

"Brad, I always knew you'd make the perfect boyfriend."

- and now, I was fucking floored. This was a girl who, after our disastrous first date three years ago, had only talked to me at work. Sure, we'd been friends there, but we hardly ever hung out socially. I'd been somewhat surprised when she wanted to come up here and watch these concerts with me. Now she was telling me I was boyfriend material?

"Are you kidding?" I asked. "You've treated me like radioactive waste over the past three years, Sara. We're professionals, and we work together really well, but outside of that..."

"Brad, I've got pretty damn high standards in men," she said. "I want a lot of things, and I'm way too young to settle, even if it's just for a second date."

"Okay..." I said, moving my hand in a 'please, continue' motion.

"I want a man who's in peak physical condition, who's easy on the eyes and fills out a pair of jeans well. I want someone who's smart enough to challenge me, who's funny enough to make me laugh on my worst day and secure enough to keep up with me on my best. I want someone with enough charisma that he never feels out of place, but with enough humility that he never feels bigger than he is. And Brad, you've always been all of that."

"Pretty high compliments," I said. "And thanks. So why the cold shoulder all this time?"

"I also want someone who can set the bedroom on fire."

Ah, I thought, as everything clicked into place.

"And I haven't always been that."

"No," she said. "That's why I stayed away. You were ALMOST everything I wanted, but not quite."

"You could have given me another chance, you know," I said.

"I don't recall you ever asking for one," she answered. 

I opened my mouth to say something, but I swallowed it. She was right. My embarrassment over that night three years ago was well-earned, but I only had myself to blame for not rectifying it before now.

"And I'll admit that sometimes I can be a first-class bitch," she continued. "I might not have been receptive every single day of the past three years, but I think more times than not, if you'd have asked, I'd have said yes."

"Wow," I said. "That's a revelation."

"And of course, now I know you're everything I want, but you're off the market," she said. "And yeah, you're moving back to Idaho and I'm in Texas for at least another year. And maybe with all those things I ticked off, maybe we're still not a great long-term match. But spending even one more day with you might very well make me bound and determined to try, and that's not a headache either of us needs."

I chuckled. "You know, at one point last night, I remember thinking you would make a pretty outstanding girlfriend, given different circumstances," I said.

She looked at the ground. "Why did you have to say that?" she asked.

"Just didn't want you to think you were the only one."

She looked at me with a concentrated look on her face, as if there was complicated mathematical equation etched on my forehead and she was determined to solve it. Finally, she sighed heavily and kissed me on the cheek before turning for the car.

"Keep in touch, okay?" she asked, and I nodded.

Liz bounded over next and went straight for my lips, shoving her tongue about halfway to my pelvis before I could react.

"Thanks for last night," she said. "That was definitely the craziest thing I've ever done."

"It's up there for me, too," I said. "I'm glad we got our chance after all."

"Me, too," she said. "Wondering what might've been would have sucked."

I looked over at Sara as she started her car.

"Speaking of that, take care of Sara today," I said. "She's going to be in a weird mood."

"Oh, I heard all about it in the showers," she said lustily. "And I'll make sure that by the end of this day, she doesn't even remember your name."

"Good luck with that," I chuckled.

"Yeah, that's probably unrealistic," she said. "But I promise I'll at least give her something else to think about."

After one last hands-on inspection of my equipment, Liz winked at me and got in the car, and I watched until they faded out of view.

I finally made my own way over to the showers, and I turned the water up only high enough to get good water pressure. Right now, I needed a shower cold enough to give an eskimo frostbite.

The problem was, I couldn't keep thoughts of Kelly out of my head. In 48 hours, there was a very, very real chance we'd be waking up next to each other in her apartment after a long night of catching up from the past two and a half weeks, and apparently my brain was trying to get me prepared. I remembered how hard she'd cum yesterday, giving herself an orgasm so intense that she'd had to pull over on the side of the road. I thought back to last week when she'd made me cum in my pants halfway between South Carolina and Pittsburgh. It was crazy - every time I thought the sexual tension between us couldn't get any hotter, she found a way to throw yet another log on the fire and make it burn even brighter.

Next, my brain provided me with a highlight reel of my sexual exploits from the past week, but it substituted Kelly in place of whoever I was actually with. I vividly saw myself fucking Kelly on the floor of the lingerie shop in Indiana. I pictured her as a Hooters girl and imagined what those orange shorts would look like bunched around her ankles while I pounded her ass. She was the one bent over the sink at the Chili's in Denver. And of course, she'd been underneath me in the grass last night as Lynyrd Skynyrd sang perhaps the most famous concert song of all time. Last night, I'd wanted to live in the moment and enjoy the memory Sara and I had made, but today, Kelly was taking the starring role.

Controlling my hard-on was no use. I hadn't jerked off without Kelly cooing in my ear since the road trip started, but she was working all day, so I was going to have to make an exception here. 
