 I was recently hired as a supervisor at a small shipping company and I was eager to meet all of my new staff. Monday morning I walked into the warehouse and greeted all the workers who were less than enthusiastic to say the least. 

Apparently the turnover rate was high at the company, so they probably saw me as just another guy using the position as a stepping stone to bigger things. One of the workers, Brandy was very pleasant and took the time to explain some of the finer points of the warehouse.

Over the next few weeks I spent more time in the warehouse than my office in an attempt to win over the staff and build a strong working relationship with them. 

As I slowly got to know the workers, I couldn't help but notice how often Brandy made her way to where I was and included herself in my conversations. She was a cute brunette in her mid 20's and was one of the most productive staff members, however I still felt a bit uncomfortable around her. I had just got engaged to my girlfriend Kristin and it seemed like Brandy was more interested in just work related matters, so I tried to keep my distance.

I would see Brandy at least once a day as I met with the warehouse staff and we forged a solid working friendship. She was flirtatious and silly, which made my days more pleasant to say the least. I saw her goof around with the other staff, so I figured it was just harmless fun and nothing more.

"Good morning handsome." Brandy said as I walked down the hallway to my office. I usually didn't see her in the administrative wing of the building so I was caught off guard by her presence and the compliment. She was walking in the same direction as I was, so I did my best to be professional.

"Good morning Brandy." I said politely as I began to unlock my office door. She stopped behind me and as I entered my office, she stood in the doorway with a puzzled look on her face.

"Is that all I'm going to get?" Brandy asked. I wasn't sure what she meant so I asked for clarification.

"What do you mean?" I responded.

She walked inside my office and stood in front of my desk. "I said 'good morning handsome' and you only said 'good morning Brandy'. Am I not worthy of a compliment in return?"

I could see where the conversation was going, so I used a bit of sarcasm in the face of her advances.

"I'm so sorry Brandy. Would 'good morning beautiful' work better for you? I said sarcastically and smiled.

She put her hands on her hips and lifted her eyes in disbelief at my response. "You think you're funny, huh?"

I could tell she was surprised at my witty retort and quick reversal of the situation. I leaned back in my chair, slowed grinned and said "Not at all Brandy, just trying to be professional and encouraging to all of my valued employees."

"It's ok, I'm just teasing you anyway." Brandy said matter of factly as she began to look at the pictures on the wall beside my desk.

"Who is the blonde girl with you in this picture?"

"That's my fiancee Kristin." I answered.

Brandy continued to look at the remaining pictures and then returned to the one of me and Kristin.

"She's not bad looking, I mean if you're into skinny girls with small boobs." 

I was taken back by her words and the tone of her voice as she rolled her eyes.

"Kristin is a very nice girl and we'll be getting married later this year." I said firmly as I looked Brandy in her eye. She was stepping over the line with the conversation and I tried to diffuse any interest she had in me.

"So how old is she anyway?"

"Kristin just turned 31." I said casually.

Brandy turned to look at me then at Kristin's picture, then back to me.

"Hmm, so you're around her age?" 

"No, I'm actually 40." I said proudly, sensing that she thought I was younger than my age.

"I see, so you're into young girls, huh?" Brandy teased.

"It just happens to work out that way I suppose." I admitted.

"Well, she's a lucky girl to have a guy like you." Brandy said as she handed me a progress report to sign. 

I was perplexed that she brought paperwork to me since I would normally pick it up in the office mail room. Brandy sensed my confusion and asked "Are you surprised that I walked all the way to your office to have you sign this?"

"Um, I guess so. I usually get the papers from my mailbox so this is something new."

"Well what did you think I came up here for? To seduce you or something?" Brandy said half heartedly as she began to laugh.

My heart dropped as her words registered in my mind. She was toying with me and enjoying it immensely. I regained my composure and calmly signed the form as Brandy stood a few inches away.

"Of course not. I know you're just messing around with me." I said sheepishly.

"Well, I'm single so it's ok. You on the other hand are engaged, so you're not allowed to mess around. We certainly wouldn't want to do anything like that behind your fiancee's back now would we Michael?" 

My cock twitched as her words pierced my defenses. I tried to play it off, but inside my nerves were a mess.

"That's not what I meant by 'messing around'. But I think you already knew that." I replied with a smirk.

"Yes Michael, I know that you're a good man and would never do anything like that, right?" Brandy asked with a devious grin.

I knew that I had to end the conversation and get back to work before I became even more aroused.

"Have a good day Brandy." I said politely as I handed her the paper.

She walked towards the door then turned around and said "Have a good day handsome." 

I rolled my eyes as she started to laugh. Brandy waved goodbye and went back down the hallway.

For the rest of the day I stayed in my office, afraid to go into the warehouse due to the conversation with Brandy. Thoughts of her filled my head and none were professional in the least. I imagined her body naked, as my hands and mouth explored every inch of her luscious flesh. My cock was throbbing as I tried to focus on my work for the rest of the day.

Kristin came over to visit later that night and I ravished her soon after she arrived. Afterwards she asked why I was so aggressive and I told her that I really missed her a lot. Little did she know that as I fucked her, I was thinking of Brandy.

The next day I went to work and was able to concentrate, having relieved some of the sexual tension that Brandy stirred up. I felt bad for being engaged and thinking of another woman, yet I couldn't deny that I enjoyed the game that Brandy and I were playing.

For the next few weeks things were casual between me and Brandy, with an occasional flirtatious comment or glance, but nothing too unhealthy to feel guilty about. We would eat lunch together in the break room every now and then and sometimes I'd help her in the warehouse when they were short on staff.. 

If truth be told, I looked forward to seeing Brandy each day not just because she was gorgeous, but because we always had fun together no matter what we were doing. Yes, I felt pangs of guilt because of my engagement to Kristin, but things were going well at home and work so I put it out of my mind.

Summer was upon us and with the warm weather came more heat in the warehouse. The workers were allowed to wear shorts and Brandy took full advantage, coming to work in skimpy outfits that showcased her ample curves and cleavage.

It was near the end of the day when I saw Brandy peek into my office. 

"Hey handsome. Whatcha' doin?" She asked playfully.

"Not too much, just getting ready to go home for the night." I replied as my eyes struggled to meet hers.

I just couldn't help but look at her shapely legs as she slowly entered the room. Brandy noticed my wandering eye and scolded me.

"You're such a dirty old man, looking at me like that. Your fiancee wouldn't be happy if she knew you were doing such things."

I tried to regain control of my growing erection and calmly asked "So what can I do for you?"

Brandy sat on the edge of my desk and crossed her legs. She looked down at my pants, noticing the obvious tent in my pants.

"I think the better question is what I can do for you Michael." Brandy whispered seductively as she pointed at my crotch.

My face grew flushed as I laughed uncomfortably and said "I'm really sorry about that, I guess he has a mind of his own."

Brandy smiled softly and moved further down the desk until she was sitting almost in front of me.

"So then tell me Michael, what is on his mind?"

I swallowed hard as Brandy's leg rubbed up against me. My balls were starting to ache and my cock was leaking pre-cum as her flirtation intensified.

"I really should be going Brandy, my fiancee is waiting for me." I said, trying my best to sound sincere as I stood up.

"Oh my, looks like someone has a boner." Brandy snickered.

All I could do was close my eyes and exhale deeply as my erection betrayed me.

"Did I cause that?" Brandy asked innocently as she put her hand against my raging hard on. 

"Please don't do that, I told you that I'm engaged to Kristin." I said meekly.

Suddenly we heard the noise of people walking by my office saying goodbye to one another as they left for the day. It scared me back into reality and my cock deflated a bit with my attention diverted.

"Don't worry Michael, no one will find out." Brandy cooed into my ear as she pinned me against the wall. She began to gently stroke the outline of my cock in my pants and nodded her head in approval. 

"Mmm, it looks like your cock really likes me. I bet it would like me even more if I gave it a kiss."

"You have to stop Brandy, I can't do this." I said with the last bit of resistance in me.

"Listen, I'm going to take your cock out and give it a nice big kiss. If you love your fiancee, then you won't get hard, right?"

I had lost all power to stop Brandy as she knelt down and slowly pulled my zipper down. She stared up at me as her hand searched for my cock and once she found it, her eyes lit up. 

"Look what I found!" She remarked in mock surprise.

Brandy freed my cock from my underwear and examined it closely as I stood helpless. She gently breathed on it, smiling as it twitched from the warm sensation.

"Are you ready for your kiss?" Brandy asked seductively.

All I could do was nod meekly as she puckered her lips and slowly moved towards her target. I closed my eyes in anticipation of what she was about to do and softly groaned as her lips kissed the tip of my cock. She lingered for a moment and then took the spongy head into her mouth and gently sucked on it.

Brandy looked up at me and smiled as she pulled back slightly from my cock. It began to thicken as she kept her open mouth hovering around the cockhead, torturing me even more.

"It looks like your cock loves me more than Kristin."

I wasn't about to dispute that comment, considering how aroused I was at that point. Brandy knew it as well, taking my silence for confirmation as she began to pull down my slacks to the floor.

"Now I don't want to make you do anything that you don't want to Michael, considering that you're engaged." Brandy said with mock sincerity. She put her hands behind her back and leaned back so that her ass was resting on the back of her legs.

"I'm going to kneel here and open my mouth. If you want me to suck on your cock, then you'll just have to put it in."

Brandy closed her eyes and opened her mouth wide, holding out her tongue to tempt me further. It was a lurid scene, this young girl offering herself to me in hopes of poisoning my engagement to Kristin. My cock twitched in anticipation and my resolve vanished as she remained in this submissive pose.

I slowly moved towards Brandy and positioned my cock an inch away from her tongue. She opened her eyes and gave it a gentle lick then said "I knew you couldn't resist me Michael. Your hard cock needs to be in my mouth right now."

And with that Brandy took the head of my cock into her mouth, applying gentle pressure as I leaned back against the wall in ecstasy.

"Mmm, your cock tastes delicious Michael." Brandy purred as she planted soft kisses on the head of my cock. 

I looked down and our eyes locked onto each other, causing Brandy to pause and ask "Do you want me to stop Michael?"

At that point I had totally forgotten about my fiancee Kristin and could only think of how amazing Brandy's mouth felt as she devoured my manhood.

"Please don't stop Brandy, I'm begging you." I pleaded.

My legs began to buckle as Brandy resumed her oral assault, prompting her to push me into the chair so I could sit comfortably. She pulled my pants off and began to lick the inside of my thighs, pausing briefly to lick my aching balls as her hand stroked my cock.

"I have a confession to make." Brandy whispered. "Ever since we met I've wanted you... and your cock in particular... And now that I have your cock, I've decided that I want your cum as well."

I could barely speak as Brandy gently bathed my cockhead with her tongue and lips. 

"Will you give me your cum Michael? Will you fill my belly with your hot sperm?" Brandy asked, as her eyes stared right through me.

My heart raced as her words echoed in my mind. I wanted to cum so badly and Brandy smiled, knowing full well that I didn't have the strength nor the desire to resist her.

All I could do was gently run my fingers through her hair and nod in silent approval and surrender. 

Brandy whipped her hair back over her shoulder then slowly took my cockhead into her hungry mouth. Inch by agonizing inch she swallowed more of me, until her nose was touching my abdomen. 

"Oh my god, that feels so good." I blurted out as waves of intense pleasure washed over me. My hands instinctively massaged her head and hair, trying to communicate my appreciation of what she was doing.

I felt the chair slide along the tile floor below me as I stretched out my legs, unable to keep still as Brandy inhaled my length in steady strokes. 

It pained me to think it, but the truth was that she was bringing me more pleasure with her mouth than Kristin every could. With those thoughts swimming in my head, I looked down at Brandy with her mouth full of my hard cock. What a beautiful sight, this gorgeous girl on her knees swallowing me whole like a dirty little slut. 

I put my hands on the back of Brandy's head and began to slowly move her up and down on my shaft. She braced herself on my thighs and allowed me to fuck her mouth like it was her pussy. She lifted her eyes to meet mine and I stopped for a second, letting it burn into my memory. 

After a few minutes, I moved my hands down to Brandy's face and stroked it tenderly. Her skin was soft and smooth, as I felt my invading cock push out against her cheeks. Brandy moaned softly as she caressed my nutsack and deepthroated my shaft with ease, pushing me closer to the edge. 

I closed my eyes and heard Brandy groan, content with knowing she had conquered me and my helpless cock. My balls tightened as Brandy sucked in earnest, bringing me ever so close to orgasm. 

"I'm going to cum." I said breathlessly.

"Mmm-hmmm." Brandy acknowledged, as she began to slow her sucking of my cock. It was like she wanted to savor the moment and prolong my impending orgasm for maximum effect.

I leaned back into the chair as Brandy took the length of my rod in her mouth and held it there, sensing that I was about to explode.

My balls quivered as I was pushed over the edge, feeling the cum surging up my shaft into Brandy's eager mouth. I gripped the arms of the chair for support as my head snapped back, reeling in ecstasy from the exquisite pleasure.

Brandy remained attached to my cock and held onto my thighs as I writhed in sexual agony before her. 

After what seemed like an eternity, I opened my eyes and looked down to find Brandy still devouring my manhood. She slowly moved up and off my deflated cock, licking her lips as she smiled at me.

"Your cum tastes yummy, Michael." Brandy said as she gently rubbed her tummy in circular motions.

"That felt amazing, Brandy." I said in obvious relief.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it, but I must say that the pleasure was all mine." Brandy said as she helped me to my feet. I began to pull up my pants, but Brandy moved my hands away gently, insisting on doing it herself. 

I watched as she carefully pulled up my zipper, taking notice of how gentle she was. It blew my mind that just minutes ago this sweet girl was devouring my cock like a ravenous animal, but now was tending to me like a mother to her child.

"You're so sweet." I said as Brandy finished.

We stood facing each other in silence for a few seconds, trying to process what just transpired. I had cheated on my fiancee Kristin, but yet I felt no remorse. 

Before I could say anything, Brandy leaned towards me and kissed me softly on the lips. She lingered for a moment, gently sliding her tongue deeper in mouth. I could taste my cum and as she pulled away, Brandy giggled and began to walk out of my office. "I told you that you tasted yummy." 

I just stood there, still coming down from an orgasmic high and trying to figure out what it all meant...