 It was only my second morning in Rio de Janeiro and already I was having the best vacation of my life. I awoke to bright sunlight streaming through the open balcony door with the distant sound of waves crashing upon Ipanema beach. The cool morning breeze was offset by the two warm and naked bodies sleeping on either side of me. I had spent the night at Camille's family apartment with her best friend Isabel. 

We had just met two nights ago and spent yesterday at the beach with two of their friends. Later we adjourned to their private pool for lots of fun that eventually evolved into sex with Isabel, a fantastic young Brazilian. I learned that Camille's father was a doctor working in Sao Paulo and he lived there during the work week. Their high-rise apartment on Ipanema beach was vacant most of the time and they let Camille live there during the summer season. Hence I was living in luxury with two rich Brazilian girls and unlimited funds. They even offered to pay for my hotel room during my two week vacation since I probably wouldn't be spending much time there!

Laying naked on the cool white sheets cuddled close by two beautiful bronze skinned girls was the best wake-up call ever. I quietly got up and went to the bathroom to take a shower and let the girls sleep some more. In a few minutes both girls entered the bathroom and stood outside the shower just smiling and watching me. When finished, I traded places with Camille after giving her a good morning kiss and watching the sensual show of her taking a shower. Finally it was Isabel's turn and I gladly watched again. I slipped on a pair of boxer shorts while they just put on a T-shirt and a pair of tiny panties and we went to the kitchen for breakfast.

Sitting at the counter with the TV on in the background, we munched on some food and talked. I learned that both Isabel's and Camille's family were quite well off and both girls went to private school where they had been best friends for many years. They had the opportunity to travel extensively, but had never been to the U.S. They had lots of questions for me and couldn't imagine why I would want to travel to dirty old Rio for a vacation, when there were so many great places to visit in the States. I told them that it's just the opposite - why would I want to go to some boring city when I could visit the Marvelous City of Rio.

I began to tell them of my real motive of visiting Rio, which was to see the famous tiny bikinis. I admitted to having a bikini fetish and couldn't believe my luck to meet them and their friends on the beach.

They began to giggle and said "So Mike, you like our Brazilian bikinis?"

"They're the best, like nothing else in the world. I wish they were just as popular throughout the rest of the world" I said.

"Would you like to see some more of ours?" asked Camille.

"Of course" I replied, "I traveled a few thousand miles so I could be surrounded by tiny bikinis!"

Throughout the rest of the lazy morning, the girls had fun putting on a fashion show just for me. I couldn't believe the number of cute bikinis they owned between them, probably more than the pairs of shoes they owned. Most people buy a new bikini for each season but these girls had an entire wardrobe of bikinis. I happily sat on the sofa while the girls tried on at least a dozen thongs each and played mix-n-match with the tops and bottoms. I still couldn't believe how lucky I was.

As we neared noon time, I suggested that we hit the beach again to enjoy the sun. Isabel mentioned that she could call some more friends to see if they'd like to join us on the beach too. "Since you came here to see bikinis, I think we can help you out," she mentioned. One or two phone calls were made and we gathered our belongings for the beach.

++++++++++

The three of us situated ourselves under a beach umbrella on the left side of their favorite area on Ipanema. I carried a cooler down from the apartment and filled it with ice, beer and drinks from a beach vendor. I noticed Isabel slip the vendor a R$100 bill to make sure we were well taken care of the rest of the day.

With our beach towels spread on the sand, I sat between Isabel and Camille as they undressed to expose my favorite bikinis. Isabel was wearing a multicolor striped thong which was gathered together in the front to barely cover the basic necessities. Camille wore a hot pink number that looked it might become sheer when wet. I began to cover their young bodies with suntan oil while giving each a little massage. 

After dozing in the warm beach breeze for awhile, I was awakened by a voice and was greeted by the cute, short haired friend that I had met yesterday. I finally remembered that her name was Alex. I stood up to greet her and she planted a kiss on my lips, so I playfully squeezed her tight ass. "I'm glad to see you again, too" I told her.

"Don't worry," she replied. "You'll be seeing me every day that you are here." I helped her spread out her towel and continued my job of applying suntan oil to her body. Just as I finished I looked up to see three other young girls approach our umbrella.  

The one in front said "Oooh, he's as cute as you said Cammy," as the group stopped and stood along side our beach umbrella.

"I know," Camille said with a smile. "Mike is cute and really fun too." I was introduced to these three new friends named Vanessa, Nena, and Patty. I'd never get the names straight again, but that didn't matter. The beach vendor approached with another umbrella and set it up next to ours and the three friends sat down. I was now surrounded by six cute (and apparently rich, private-school) girls on the beach.

I couldn't keep my eyes off the blatant display of flesh about me. The topic of discussion kept returning to the "fun" that was had the last evening at the pool, and plans for more fun to come tonight. The girls were all obviously flirting with me to try and gain my preferential attention and I was playing cool like I didn't notice. If we weren't in a public place, I'd bet that each of them would have given me a blowjob right there as incentive. After an hour in the hot sun and a few drinks, I was starting to get buzzed and suggested that we go into the ocean to cool off. Everyone agreed to the idea and jumped up. I started walking to the water's edge and didn't notice that Alex and Camille had headed over to the beach vendor and picked up two body boards.

The surf is surprisingly rough since the beach slopes abruptly, causing the swells to crash ashore with force. Anyone trying to simply enter the waves is sure to be pounded hard, but watching the locals made it look so easy. The girls just dove under the whitewater every time a wave broke and swam underneath. When I tried it, I though that my swimsuit was going to get sucked off due to the water's sweep. I have no idea how those tiny bikinis stayed on so well.

Past the breaking waves, it was pleasant bobbing in the swells, but tiring. Camille and Alex finally came paddling towards us on their body boards. We surrounded them and held onto their boards to relax and float with little effort.

The teasing a flirting even continued in the water. I could never tell exactly where they were coming from but it seemed that someone's hand was always touching me. They grabbed my butt mostly, but there was an occasional a crotch grope thrown in too. I did my share of grabbing ass and tits.

The riptide was pulling us slowly down beach. Camille told me to get behind her and help push her back up the beach on her body board. She was lying on her stomach with her legs dangling off into the water. As I swam around behind her she spread her legs to expose a tiny edge of the board right below her pussy. She turned to me and said "Start pushing the board, if you can," with a grin.

I held onto the board with both hands and kicked forward. Camille slid backwards so that her crotch covered my hands. Her wet thong was only a few inches from my face and I was rewarded to see that the hot pink thong did indeed become sheer when wet. I was entranced by the oval shape of her young smooth pussy lips and her thin inner lips pressing against the wet material. The hood of her clitoris protruded as a tiny little bump above the index finger of my right hand. I let go with one hand and began to stroke her spread crotch as I swam. 

"Do you like the view from there?" she turned to ask.

"This is the best view I've ever seen," I responded.

"You're a strong swimmer," she said. "We're back to where we started. I'll head back to the beach, but I think you'll need to go back and help the others."

I turned back to see the five remaining girls waving for me to return. Camille slid off of the board and wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist and planted a deep kiss before disappearing towards the sand.

To make a long story short, I spent the next twenty minutes pushing the girls back up the beach on the body board. All of them teased me with their young pussy near my face. Each trip took a little bit longer since the remaining girls were constantly floating down beach. The last girl waiting was Isabel, of course knowing that she would get the longest trip.

As I approached, she wrapped her legs around me in the bobbing surf and said "I've been so damn horny since you fucked me yesterday, Mike. I need more." 

"Let me see what I can do." I helped her onto the body board and just stayed in place instead of swimming back up the beach. I spread her legs wide to expose the striped bikini covering her mound of a pussy. Holding onto her firm ass, I moved her thong aside to expose her inviting tanned pussy. I pulled myself forward to separate her pussy with the tip of my nose and drive my tongue into her cunt. I licked and sucked her little pussy for quite awhile as her clit grew engorged and pink. With my tongue deep in her hole and my fingers stroking her clitoris, Isabel moaned "Ohhhh,,,, Yes!" and yielded to a tiny orgasm. I covered her little pussy back up and gave it a little pat for good luck

After catching her breath, she slid off the board. "Let's get out of the water, I'm done today," she told me.

"It's too far to swim back now, we've been out here awhile getting you off" I said.

"We'll just float back to the beach and walk." So we both grabbed onto the board and pushed off towards the shore. One big wave surfed us all the way to the sand and we held hands on the walk back up the beach.

When we finally arrived at the umbrellas, Alex said "We were beginning to wonder about the two of you. Did you have fun Issy?"

"YES!" she smiled to her friends with a wink and they all giggled. She continued "I think it's time again to go back to the apartment and let Mike have some fun. He's worked so hard, don't you agree!"

It didn't take them two minutes for all to get dressed and gather their belongings. My three new friends were excited to follow so I assumed that Camille and Alex must have filled them in on what probably was going to happen.

+++++++

Back in Camille's apartment everyone slumped onto a chair, exhausted from an afternoon in the hot sun and surf. The air conditioning and cool drinks slowly recharged everyone's batteries. I was resting with my eyes closed when Camille first spoke up.

"I have a fun idea. We should make a video of ourselves and Mike." she said. "We had fun yesterday taking pictures, but a video would be great."

"Ohh, cool, a porn video!" Isabel said. "I want to see Mike screwing me on TV."

"I just bought a brand new Sony hard drive camcorder for the trip," I told them. "It's over there in my bag. I thought I would make a tape of the sights of Rio, but this is much better." I pulled the video camera out of the bag and handed to Vanessa.

"We'll take turns with the camera so no one gets left out," the girls agreed.

"I can't obviously fuck all six of you right here and now, but I'll sure be able to get each of you to an orgasm if you let me play with your pussies for a while," I replied. "Since Isabel is my special new friend, I'll save her for last so I can screw her crazy."

Two of my three newest friends decided to let me try them first (I think it was Nena and Patty, or Patty and Nena). Both girls disrobed down to their tiny Brazilian bikinis again and sat together on the sofa. I sat between them and began making out and groping both cuties. Eventually the bikinis came off and I moved in front of them to play with their perky nipples and moistening pussies. Vanessa didn't hesitate with the video camera to get in nice and close. As the girls were enjoying the stimulation, Alex came up to me and helped me out of my clothes. Alex began to softly caress me as not to distract from the job at hand. It seemed that Patty was getting pretty worked up so I concentrated on her for a few minutes until she came to a body shaking orgasm, with a little pussy squirt included. I moved over to Nena and finished her off too.

By that time, Alex had moved herself on the sofa and Camille took her position next to me and gently stroked my dick as I was having fun with Alex. One by one, each and every girl got a few minutes on the sofa to work towards an orgasm, or to video the progress of the orgy, or to keep me gently stimulated and happily erect. Finally there was just Isabel left for a great fuck.

"Before I fuck Isabel crazy, I wonder if you would all indulge me in a little treat," I asked. "I've always wanted to do this, and I wondered if I could just slide my dick into all of your little tight pussies, one after another, just to see how each of them feels?"

"YES!" was the resounding response from all of the horny girls. With a flurry of activity and lots of giggles, they all lined up together on the sofa in the order that I started. Four of them were facing me with their legs spread wide and were eagerly fingering their pussy. The other two wanted to be entered from the rear and were waving their firm asses from side to side. I picked up the video camera and captured my fantasy on tape. Six horny Brazilian girls were wanting me at the same time. I held the camera and approached the left side of the sofa. I wanted to capture this from my point of view.

Starting with Patty, I moved forward and placed my dick head between her soft lips and slowly penetrated her. She replied with a satisfying "Mmmmmmmmm" as the remaining girls watched with anticipation. Her tight little pussy quivered and I slid my entire length deep inside. Her warmth was satisfying. I slowly withdrew my wet cock from her and moved to the right to Nena. Her cunt was actually dripping with juices as I once again slid into another horny Brazilian girl. Next came Vanessa, Alex and then Camille, as I enjoyed every minute of it. Each girl felt a little different but I wouldn't be able to Name-That-Pussy with my eyes blindfolded either. (Note to self - I need to try that next!).

With only Isabel remaining, the five girls gathered around us to watch the sex up close. All of them were fingering their own pussies and seemed to be quite turned on from the action. Vanessa took the video camera from me and got into the best position to capture the show. Issy turned around onto her hands and knees and told me to start from the back.

I eagerly slid into her silky pussy standing from behind and grabbed her hips, pulling myself deep into her. Vanessa put the camera below us on the floor and took close-up shots of me pounding her over and over. Her body shook with each thrust as I watched my erect dick disappear between her inviting lips. Issy moaned deeply with satisfaction, saying "MMMmmmmm, fuck yea!"

I smiled and looked beside me to see Alex and Patty rapidly stroking their own pussy with their eyes closed, hopefully fantasizing that I was fucking them too. To my surprise on the other side were Nena and Camille gently kissing each other. I wasn't aware that any of the girls were bisexual, but maybe this was their first time too.

Issy motioned that she wanted to turn over. I withdrew myself from her nice hot pussy and stood in front of the sofa with my dick pointing straight up to the sky. Before Issy could even turn over, Vanessa had put the camera down and had begun licking my shaft from below, not that I minded.

She exclaimed, "Mmmm, I have never tasted another girl before. Isabel, I like it. Can I get another taste?" Vanessa asked.

"Vanessa, I didn't know that you were into Issy," I stated.

"I have never done anything like this before," she replied with a grin. "But I'm so fucking horny right now, the idea of tasting Issy's pussy is turning me on."

"Go right ahead, cutie," Isabel responded. She was on her back with her legs spread. Vanessa got on her hands and knees in front of the sofa and began to kiss her. 

"Oh, shit. I think I've just turned bi," Vanessa laughed, "and I like it!" Everyone else giggled and watched with curiosity as she started playing with Issy's pussy.

There's something I find arousing about two young girls enjoying each other. Vanessa was still on her hands and knees in front of me, and I think she was teasing me on purpose to fuck her too. Without even turning around, she said "Go ahead Mike."

I got on my knees behind Vanessa and started rubbing my stiff cock between her shaved lips. The gentle caress of a woman's lips around the end of my dick is one of my favorite sensations. I continued using my dick head to explore her pussy and finally eased my way into her pink hole. I was still saving myself to finish with Issy, so I just remained deep inside. Vanessa started her Kegel exercises and began squeezing my cock with her vaginal muscles. The sensation of getting my dick squeezed along it entire length was fantastic. Mark another fantasy off my list - Having my dick inside a girl as she is satisfying another.

"You have a nice tongue," Issy told her, "but my cherry needs Mike inside me now before I burst."

I reluctantly pulled myself out of Vanessa and moved back as she stepped aside from Isabel's spread legs. "Are you ready," I asked. Issy nodded.

Still on my knees, I moved forward to the sofa and pulled Issy down so that her cunt was at the edge of the cushion. I put each of her knees over my shoulder and thrust my hard cock back into her wet pussy. Grabbing around her thighs, I fucked her hard, hearing the slapping of her body against mine. Her firm tits rocked back and forth with each thrust. She clenched her butt cheeks and I was holding tightly to her legs so that her lower torso was very tense, creating a wonderful resistance within her vagina. I could feel every vein on the surface of my dick travel past her tight muscles like a ribbed condom. With my thumb I started rapidly rubbing her clit with heavy pressure, feeling the tiny hard bump. She let out something akin to a yelp and her entire body convulsed under a strong orgasm. The sudden release of pressure on my dick inside her hot pussy caused me to cum. I pulled out and blew it across her heaving stomach and splattered her tanned breasts.

Even before I was done blowing semen out of my glistening dick, Vanessa, Alex, Patty and Nena rushed forward to feel the hot cum all over Isabel's body. I dropped down on the couch next to Izzy with an exhausted slump. I had been erect for mre than an hour with all of the stimulation from the girls, my playful penetration of everyone and the hard fucking. 

"I'm done, you've all worn me out," I groaned with my eyes nearly closed. "I've never had so much pussy in my life."

"We'll take good care of you today so that you are well relaxed. The last thing we all need is for you to be tired," Camille responded. "Why don't you take a shower and we'll get something to eat.

"Sounds like good idea," I smiled. "I'll take a hot shower and lay down for awhile while everyone else showers too." I showered and climbed into bed and quickly fell asleep. I awoke later to find that the girls had all joined be in the bed for a naked nap too. 
