 Once more I turned the page of the Art History book sitting in front of me and once more my eyes blurred but this time my brain seized up and began leaking out of my ears to pool on my shoulder and drip down into my lap.

"Ugh!! I can't take any more of this!" I sighed heavily and dropped my throbbing head onto the desk in front of me with a loud thunk.

"There. That'll teach you to stop working brain," I muttered to myself. I was actually holding a conversation with my brain! Not with myself, with my brain! That alone should have told me that I had been sitting in the security shack for far too long. It was a little before 11 p.m. on a Sunday night, I had a 9:30 a.m. class the next day, and I wouldn't be relieved from my job as a security guard for my apartment complex for another hour.

"God, what possessed me to work tonight?" I groaned, eyes closed and head still on the desk. Just then I heard the shuffle of feet and a polite cough.

"I hope I'm not interrupting anything," a deep masculine voice said from the doorway, surprising me because I hadn't heard the door open.

I looked up and found myself staring at a nice pair of muscular shoulders. Suddenly realizing the guy I was staring at had to be at least 6 feet tall, I slowly brought my eyes up to his face, taking in everything from the broad shoulders to the well shaped mouth until I was finally staring into the deepest green eyes I had ever seen. 

"Umm...I'd like a parking pass," he said, snapping me back to reality.

"Oh...Sure. Sorry," I fumbled. What apartment number?" I reached over and grabbed one of the temporary passes hoping that taking my eyes off of him would clear my head.

"Uh..., 143," he said vaguely.

I picked up my pen and started writing the number on the pass when I suddenly realized something. "Hey! We don't have a 143! This building goes from the ground floor to second floor numbers," I informed him.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Did I say 143?" he asked nervously. "I meant 243. Yeah. I haven't lived here long."

"Obviously, you...wait. We don't have a 243 either; the numbers only go to 39. You don't really live here at all do you?" I looked at him and in the dim light thought I saw him blushing.

"No," he sighed, "I don't really live here."

"So why are you here then?" Red flags should've gone up but I was curious.

"Oh, no reason in particular, I was just out walking and decided there wasn't anything better to do."

I nodded incredulously and gave him my blank stare. This usually works in convincing people to stop bullshitting me. He gave me big innocent eyes for a couple of seconds and I could tell he was trying hard to pretend like he didn't know that I knew he was lying. I continued giving him my patented blank stare but this guy was either accustomed to it or just very stubborn. Eventually, being too curious to continue playing games, I just gave up.

"Okay," I began. "I seem to make you nervous, which is just weird, and I know you're not telling me something, so why don't you just sit down and explain all of this to me."

"Okay," he said a little uncertainly as he shut the door and sat down in the old as dirt rolling chair next to mine and quickly arranged his long legs so they were close to mine without invading my space. "Where would you like me to start?"

"Well," I said thinking, "We could start with names. Mine's Bailey," I said sticking out my hand.

"I'm Ian," he replied. He took my hand and shook it, then held it for a few seconds longer than necessary before letting it go.

"Now tell me why you're here if it's not to see someone. He looked at me and seemed to be considering his words.

"I am here to see someone," he stated simply.

"Well then why didn't you just go on up to their apartment, You obviously didn't drive or else your car would be outside the security shack and you don't need a parking pass if you didn't drive."

"I didn't go inside because I'm not here to see anyone in the building; I'm here to see you."

"Well than why did you ask for a parking pass," I questioned, confused, exasperated, and trying to avoid the real subject.

"Because I couldn't think of anything else to say. I really didn't want to just come in here for no apparent reason without a good opening line. I would have ended up saying something stupid like 'Gee you're purty' and there is just no way that would've ended well." 

I looked at him incredulously for a moment, then the last thing he'd said registered and I couldn't help but giggle. When I finally had control of myself I replied, "Yeah, I guess I can see how you wouldn't have wanted to say something like 'Gee you're purty'. That is pretty lame," 

"I'm glad that you finally understand," he said with a grin.

"Yeah, except for one thing," I said. "Obviously you've seen me before but I know we've never met, I would have remembered a face like yours.

"No, we've never actually met," he replied, "but I live on the second floor of the building next to this one and my living room window looks out over here so I was sitting in the living room one night and happened to look over here and there you were. I have looked for you out here pretty much every night since then, wondering what I would say to you if I ever had the guts to come over here. I couldn't think of anything I could actually get away with until I walked by yesterday afternoon and heard some guy arguing loudly about how he shouldn't need a pass just to park here. I realized that was the only reasonable excuse I was ever going to have to talk to you, so... here I am. The only problem is, when I imagined this, it went a lot smoother and I was a lot more charming."

"So in other words," I began, "the only reason you're here is because you were finally presented with an excuse that might not get you thrown out of here."

"Ummm, yeah! Pretty much," he agreed. "Well, that and the very real chance of driving myself completely insane."

I nodded. "Hm, well, I guess I'm glad you're here. You've definitely made this an interesting night, much more entertaining than usual."

"Well, I'm glad I could be of some amusement to you tonight, although stuff like this must happen to you constantly so I'm kind of surprised you're still tolerating me."

I looked at him wondering if he was being serious and was suddenly struck again by the intense green color of his eyes. They really were the most intriguing eyes I'd ever seen.

"What?" He asked. "You're looking at me like I have two heads."

I shook my head, embarrassed to have been caught staring when I was actually looking at him like he was the most gorgeous thing I'd ever seen. "Sorry, I got distracted wondering what makes you think this happens to me constantly."

"It's just that I really do think you're purty," he said reminding me of earlier and making me smile. He smiled back at me. "Actually purty isn't quite accurate; drop dead gorgeous would probably be more fitting so I guess I just assumed you had this affect on everyone."

"I don't have this affect on anyone," I stated surprised. "Actually this is the very first time anyone has ever said something like that to me so, no, I don't get this a lot."

"I'm sure that's because they're just as intimidated by you as I was," he said, looking into my eyes and allowing me to see that he meant every word. He reached out and took my hand then and began rubbing his thumb against my palm, sending little shivers up and down my arm. He leaned towards me continuing to gaze into my eyes, until his lips were so close to mine a light breeze would have closed the distance. I was helpless to do anything but gaze back with my heart pounding so hard I was sure he could hear it. Finally his lips touched mine in the sweetest kiss I had ever experienced. I closed my eyes and lost myself in the feel of his lips on mine. After what seemed like forever but was probably only a few seconds, I pulled back, breathless, suddenly remembering I was at work. The look in his eyes mirrored mine; he looked as amazed as I felt.

"Wow," I breathed. "Just...wow."

"Yeah, that about sums it up." He started to move forward again. Alarmed, I put my hand against his chest to stop him.

"We cannot do this! I'm at work. Someone could have seen that." I tried to sound authoritative, but failed.

"You're right, you're right," he said putting his hands in the air in a gesture of surrender and sitting back. "Should I leave?" he asked after a few seconds.

"Umm," I said, stalling, "Yes, probably, but um, no. I...um...I don't want you to leave."

"I didn't ask if you wanted me to leave, I asked if I should leave."

"Well in that case, yes, you definitely should leave, but I would rather you didn't, we'll just have to control ourselves."

"Ok, so I won't leave," he said but then in an almost playful manner, he placed his fingertips on my knee and idly began running them up and down my thigh. My eyes widened and my breath shortened.

"That is NOT going to help us control ourselves," I cried and he grinned at me.

"Sorry," he said not sounding very sorry at all, "I can't help myself."

"Well maybe you should try a little," I said as he continued caressing my leg. "If you don't stop that, there will be consequences," I said.

"Oh really, like what?" he said sounding intrigued.

"I-I don't know," I faltered. "It might not be good though. It could be good, but it might not be."

"Under those circumstances, I think I'll take my chances," he said smirking slightly.

"Fine, but I'm not responsible for my actions from this point forward," I said playfully, then before he knew what was happening I quickly leaned forward in my chair and pressed my lips to his in a heated kiss. He groaned half in surprise, half in pleasure and when I pulled away he was even more breathless than I was.

"Well, so much for control," I said laughing a little. "I think if we're going to keep doing that, the door needs to be locked," I said. Without hesitation he turned his chair around and flipped the deadbolt. Not wanting to be seen through the windows, I reached over and clicked the desk lamp off, throwing the small guard shack into darkness. The moon was full and as my eyes adjusted I could see that it highlighted his face perfectly. He rolled his chair over to mine as close as he could, effectively trapping my legs between his. He reached for me again, this time stroking one finger down the side of my face before tangling his hand in my hair and covering my lips with his. I parted my lips, then I touched my tongue to his, circling the tip of it with my own. He groaned and deepened the kiss as much as possible from our positions and when that wasn't enough, he pulled me from my chair and into his lap. I could feel his erection against my hip and immediately adjusted my position away from it so I wouldn't feel the urge to rip his clothes off just yet.

Finally I pulled away long enough take the black leather jacket he was wearing off and drop it on the floor. He immediately reached for me again, but I stopped him with one raised finger and shook my head slightly, smiling. I leaned in like I was going to kiss him again, and then stopped just short and decided to tease him just a little. I licked slowly around his lips, then lightly nibbled on his lower lip before briefly sucking on it. Moving to his neck I licked and nibbled my way down it until I came to the collar of his shirt. At the same time I stroked my hands down his chest unbuttoning his shirt as I went.

With the shirt unbuttoned he shrugged out of it, then slid his hands under my black t-shirt to the hook of my bra. With one hand he deftly unclasped it then tore it and my shirt off at the same time then dropped them on the floor on top of the accumulating pile of clothes. His hands roamed over my body before finally covering my breasts. He circled the tips with his thumbs causing them to stiffen. Finally sick of the uncomfortable chair I climbed out of his lap and impatiently pulled him down on the floor. I pushed him onto his back then climbed on top of him.

Straddling his lap I began to rub my groin over his. In response he slid his hands down my back to my ass and gripped it tightly, urging me to go faster. With every movement, he rocked his hips up to meet mine and I could feel how hard he was.

"Oh God!" I cried and sat up. I moved off his lap just enough to reach between us and unbutton his pants. I quickly did away with those and the boxers underneath. Once his were off, he sat up and pulled my pants off, tossing them onto the pile with the rest of our clothes. With all traces of clothing gone my eyes became riveted to the rigid column of flesh sticking straight up from between his legs. I wrapped one hand snuggly around it and pumped it a few times working up a few droplets of pre-cum. I circled the tip with my thumb to spread the thick liquid around as his head dropped back. Taking advantage of the fact that he wasn't looking, I quickly lowered my head and encircled his cock with my lips. His hips jerked once in surprise then settled as I bobbed my head up and down his length taking in as much as I could. His hand gripped the back of my head to keep me there and began he moaning insistently. After a few moments the rapid bucking of his hips told me he was going to come soon and, not wanting things to end yet, I pulled off of him with a slurping sound. I sat back for a minute or two and listened to him pant. Finally he got his breath back.

"Oh my God, why'd you stop?" 

"Because I didn't want you blowing your load quite so soon," I said sweetly.

"Oh, well in that case I guess I'm just going to have to pay you back for that," he said and before I knew it he had flipped me onto my back and was lying on top of me with his throbbing penis nestled snuggly between my legs.

"You call this payback?" I asked panting slightly and wondering how something that felt this good could possibly be considered payback.

"Oh yeah," he said then began rubbing the head of his cock maddeningly against my clit. 

"Unnggghhhh!" I moaned loudly and began writhing involuntarily beneath him. He slid down slightly so that he was positioned right at my waiting entrance and then suddenly stopped. I continued writhing and groaning, I didn't really have a choice. My body felt literally on fire. "Why the fuck did you stop, dammit!?"

"I told you this was payback."

"Oh for crying out loud, I've been paid back!" I cried, then I gripped his hips in both my hands to hold him still while I thrust upwards, sliding him directly into me one inch at a time. He began moving slowly in and out, pushing all the way to the hilt before pulling out everything but the tip. He was teasing me even as he was doing exactly what I wanted. Our eyes met again and he leaned in to kiss me as mine closed. Then I felt his lips move to my cheek, my ear and finally to my neck, licking and nibbling gentle little bites. I couldn't help but moan rather loudly. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and held him so tightly I was briefly afraid I might hurt him. He apparently took the hint and dug his lips into my neck over and over. 

Meanwhile, I could feel his hands everywhere, starting with my hair, my shoulders, my breasts and eventually tracing their way down my belly to my overly sensitized pussy lips. In between inward thrusts his fingers found my clit, which wasn't hard to find as it was so swollen it felt like it might burst. He wiggled it between his thumb and forefinger until suddenly I could feel my orgasm building from someplace deep inside me but he was still moving at a maddeningly slow pace. "Faster!" I demanded in a strangled voice, arching my back in earnest. He obliged and began thrusting into my wetness at an ever increasing speed. He pulled away from my neck and just looked at me until I cried out again, this time digging my nails into his shoulder. 

Every muscle in my body locked up at that moment and my thighs began to tremble slightly. I held him in a vice-like grip as the tension in my body steadily continued to mount. All the while the pistoning of his hips rapidly went from quick to downright frenetic and I knew he was as close to coming as I was. Then my hips were bucking uncontrollably as my body convulsed around his, and I felt like laughing, crying and screaming at the same time, but all I could manage was the screaming. This was apparently all it took to set Ian off as well. My vision was fuzzy and my mind seemed filled with a pleasant fog, but I could tell when he slowed his pace as his body began jerking along with mine, causing him to thrust more deeply into my swollen depths. I could feel his heat spreading inside me. 

Finally after several long minutes of convulsing and moaning that anyone who happened to be in the parking lot at that time would have heard, Ian collapsed on top of me, panting so hard I was surprised when he didn't pass out. 

"Oh my God!" I exclaimed with a laugh after catching my breath. "That was fucking incredible!"

"Uh-huh," he agreed faintly, still trying to catch his breath. "Ok, soooo... we barely know each other, and we've just had probably the best sex either one of us has ever had. What do we do now?"

"Uhhhh," I said, squinting at the wall clock that I could barely make out in the dark. I finally noted that the clock said 11:56. "Shit!" I yelled. "We get dressed as quickly as possible and sit here like nothing happened because my relief gets here in about 4 minutes!" I yelled as we both began scrambling for our clothes. In a matter of seconds we were dressed...sort of. In my frantic struggle for decency I had been unable to get my bra hooked, leaving it sort of hanging inside my shirt. I could hear Ian mumbling something about having put his boxers on backwards. These things would probably go unnoticed and hopefully whoever was relieving me tonight wouldn't notice our disheveled appearance or the fact that we were still more than slightly out of breath. 

I stumbled to the door and slid the deadbolt back, clicked the desk lamp back on than plopped down in the chair I had started the evening in. I looked at Ian who was now sitting across from me. Somehow he looked like nothing unusual had occurred tonight as he sat at a much safer distance from me than he had earlier. I looked at the clock again. "11:59," I said with relief. "Safe." 

Just then a skinny curly haired guy walked in, leaving the door open behind him. "Good morning Bailey," he said, looking all too chipper for midnight.

"Morning James," I said standing up and beginning to gather the school books I had brought down with me.

"So, anything out of the ordinary happen tonight?" he asked. 

Without meaning to, my gaze met Ian's as he got out of his chair. I quickly looked back at James. "Nope," I said shaking my head emphatically. "Nothing out the ordinary. It's been a pretty slow night." I could see Ian grin a naughty grin.

"Alright then, I guess I'll see you next time I come in after you."

"Yep, see ya later," I said.

"Oh, Bailey?"

"Yeah, James?"

"I really like the new air freshener in here don't you?" he said as he sniffed the remnants of our earlier fun.

"Uh...yeah, it's great," I blushed and quickly grabbed Ian's hand, dragging him from the shack and toward the building.

"Excuse me, officer, where are you taking me?" he asked with a chuckle. I didn't answer; I just continued dragging him. We stepped into the elevator and I pressed the up button. It pinged when it reached my floor and I dragged Ian out. I then proceeded to drag him down the hall until we reached my apartment. I quickly unlocked the door and pushed him in ahead of me, then shut and relocked it. "Why do I seem to be in your apartment," he asked in mock confusion.

"Because you are in my apartment. Duh!" was my smart-assed reply.

"Well then, why am I in your apartment, hm?"
