 "You got two minutes?" Helen stood in Dominic's doorway and waited for him to answer.

'Yeah. I'm free now. What can I do for you?' He could never fail to be turned on by the sight of Helen. Ten years older, her confidence was sexy and she'd kept herself in great shape. Helen had a penchant for wearing dresses that showed off an incredible pair of legs.

'You know that Year 9 class we share?'

'I do...'

'Well, I was wondering if you'd mind doing their reports...?'

She'd moved closer to him, close enough to fill his head with the most alluring of scents. Dominic sat down, a pile of marking on the desk in front of him. Helen perched herself on the desk and crossed her legs. Dominic couldn't help but pleased with how he'd kept eye contact with her as he spoke. It would have been so obvious if he'd even glanced at her legs. 

'Well, what am I going to get in return?'

He genuinely hadn't considered the flirtatious nature of his question, but now that he'd said it, Helen's eyes glinted and sharpened in on him. He smiled, as if it was all intentional. 

'Ooh, you came to play, didn't you?'

Helen bit her lip and, out of the corner of his eye, Dominic could see that her leg was moving. He kept eye contact.

'Now, I didn't mean to tease...'

'Mr Johnson, I'm intrigued.'

She stood up and moved behind him, as he remained seated. Two hands on his shoulders, she gave Dominic a playful little shove, before leaning her mouth in, close to his ear.

'Just what's going on inside your head?'

Dominic felt her hot breath tingle the hairs on the back of his neck and the heat reached his crotch, as he couldn't stop his cock from stirring inside his pants.

Helen walked around the other side of the desk, her back to him. He took the opportunity to drink in the sight of her legs, as well as her shapely arse. The dress cling to it magnificently.

In his head, Dominic thought nothing of just going for it.

'You're looking particularly stunning today, Helen.'

She turned and wore a look that said she didn't know how to react to the comment. After a second, it faded and was replaced with a familiar expression of confidence, complete with smile and glint in the eye.

Helen licked her lips before she spoke.

'Thank you, Dominic. Do I get you hot under the collar?'

She moved forward and leaned across the desk, so she was eye to eye with him.

'Sometimes,' he smirked back before standing up. 'Do I get you all hot and bothered?' He approached her, getting close enough to take in more of her perfume. 

She took in the sight of him - shirt clinging to his body, broad shoulders and a full package, just for her. Her eyes rested there.

'Oh, God, yes.'

He wrapped his arms around her, while she went straight for his cock, caressing it firmly over his trousers. 

'You want to fuck me, don't you?'

Dominic reached down and grabbed Helen's arse, squeezing it hard. She gasped.

'Like you wouldn't believe!'

At this, she leaned back on the desk behind her and raised one leg straight in the air, revealing black lace underwear. 

'We'd best get a move on, then, hadn't we?'

Without hesitation, Dominic unbuckled his belt and pulled both his trousers and boxers down.

Helen peered down at his erect cock and placed her hand on her leg, holding it in position for him to have easier access to her snatch. 

'Oh, Dominic. I can tell you right now this is not going to be the only time you fuck me!'

Dominic leaned forward, eyes locked on Helen's and, peeling her underwear to one side, licked her hole passionately from bottom to top, releasing a scream of pleasure.

'Oh, my fucking God!' 

Before she could catch her breath back, Dominic stood up straight and plunged his dick as far as he could into her, grabbing her vertical leg in the process and riding her back and forth, reacting to her own gyrations. 

'Oh, that's it! Fuck me deep! Please, own that cunt!'

'Tell me about the next time!'

'What?'

'Tell me what you want the next time we fuck!'

Helen's eyes glinted with a naughty shine. 

'Tonight. You're coming to mine tonight and I'm going to be in charge of you!'

Dominic felt his dick slip in and out of her hot cunt.

'What are you going to do to me?'

'You're going to make your own way in - I'll leave the door open for you. I'll be waiting upstairs in the sexiest thing I can find and some handcuffs. I'm going to tie you down and bury that fucking cock in my face until you explode in my mouth!'

'You naughty girl!'

They were still gyrating to a furious rhythm.

'I'm a fucking slut and you know it! Tomorrow night, you're in charge. Tell me what you're going to do to me!'

'I'm going to buy you some stockings to wear and put it in every hole you have! You're going to be my little fuck doll! I'm going to decorate the inside of your arse with my cum, you whore!'

Dominic could see Helen getting more turned on by what he was saying. 

'I'm going to lick that cunt dry and treat you like the naughty girl you are, slapping my cock all over that slutty little face of yours!'

Helen gasped and Dominic guessed it was partly from what he was saying and partly from what he was doing to her.

'Talking of handcuffs, I'm going to tie you down to the bed and play with those gorgeous tits of yours until they're red. Then, I'm going to kneel next to you and plunge my cock right into your mouth, grabbing your hair, so you bob up and down on my dick until there are tears coming out of your eyes!'

'Oh, fuck, I love it! I'll be such a good slut for you! I'll do it all!'

'Promise?'

'It sounds like I'll need some help to handle you! You have Suzanne's number, don't you?'

Dominic almost stopped fucking her. He slowed down as she looked at him with the filthiest look he'd ever seen.

'Oh, baby, you think I don't know? You think she hasn't told me about that amazing cock of yours? Why do you think I've been so desperate to get you on your own?'

'She told you?'

'All about fucking her across her kitchen table! Fuck, I nearly came right then and there. My knickers were so wet! I had to go home and play with myself. I've been dying to try you out got myself and now, I'm going to be dying to share you with her!'

At this, Dominic thrust himself furiously into her, going deeper than he thought he could. Helen gasped with every bang of his cock until he tensed up and exploded, firing a huge load of hot cum into her. 

Still holding onto her leg, he pulled his dripping dick out of her cunt and flipped her, so she was bent over the desk, rather than lying on top of it. Helen was gasping for breath. The last few pulses of Dominic's cock had left her unable to speak. He stood behind her, looked at the incredible arse she had - her dress had risen up to her hips - and he smacked his hand as hard as he could across one of her cheeks. 

Helen screamed so much it snapped Dominic back into reality and he turned to see if anyone was at his classroom door. There wasn't. But, they'd been fucking for a good ten minutes, so it wouldn't have surprised him if someone had been, seen him, balls deep into Helen's snatch, then tell the rest of the school.

'I haven't come! I need you to finish me off!'

Dominic put his cock back into his trousers and stood next to Helen, who was pushing herself back into a standing position.

'Don't worry. I will. When you and Suzanne want me to come round and fuck you both silly!'

Helen straightened her dress and smiled at him. 

'Don't make any plans for the next week. I think it's going to be a case of sooner rather than later for when we get in touch.'

She made her way to the door.

'Hang on. Don't you want to talk about our Year 9s?'

'No, thanks. I got what I really came for. Speak to you soon.'

And with that, she walked out of the room.