 I couldn't believe it when I saw him walk through the door. My man. My knight in shining armor, here to tell me how beautiful I was or how much he misses me today. When he walked up to the counter of the Taco Bell I worked at, I told him that my break time was near, and we could hang out for a little while. He gave me a devilish grin like he had something in store for me. Heaven only knows what it could've been at that moment. Break time came around and I took his hand, leading him to a back room where we wouldn't be disturbed. He felt so tall when we kissed. We kissed for a while, just the two of us in the room. His hands moved up and down my back, sliding up my ass and across my breasts. He knew how to handle his woman. I did the same to him, rubbing across his chest yet coming back to his neck so I can keep his lips onto mine. He tasted amazing. Suddenly, he grabbed my ass and pulled me onto him. I yelp, naturally, out of surprise, then I felt it. That hard cock through his jeans. He'd been waiting all day to do whatever he wanted to me.

My hands move down to his crotch as I grab his hard cock through his jeans. He feels like he's been growing a bit and I love it. It'd be nice to have a big cock for a change. I gasp at the size difference I'm feeling and eagerly go for his zipper. He helped me pull off his pants as I begin eagerly stroking his hard cock. So warm, and there's already some precum. He gasps at my eager touch and his knees already start to buckle. Then he came to his senses and reaches for my pants too. He pulls my pants and striped panties down as he gazes lovingly at my pussy. My face started to turn red as he looked at it, rubbing my legs up and down slowly. He then turns me around, planting my front against the wall, wetting two fingers in his mouth. He immediately jams them into my wet cunt and goes to work. Meanwhile I try to take my bra off for him but his fingers are doing such a good job that I can't help but grasp at my ass, giving him a better angle for insertion. My eyes rolled back into my head as my mouth hung open, gasping for air. I can feel my ass shaking as he fingers me hard. Then it's the mouth.

The mouth. Ohhhhhh the mouth. Best part about him is the way his tongue moves across my clit. I can feel every one of his taste buds move across my pussy. Now, the moans are coming out. I just can't control myself when he pleases my pussy the way that he does. My hand reaches back, careful not to cut him with my rings. I grab his head and push him deeper and deeper into my pussy. I can feel his nose in my ass as his hands frantically try to grab everything in sight. My ass, my thighs, my... ohhhh, my pussy again. My legs are shaking uncontrollably, and I can hear the heels of my boots hitting the floor at a fast yet steady pace. His tongue is so wonderful. But it's not what I need in the end.

I spun around and lifted him up on his feet. He tried to kiss me again, but I didn't let him. I hate the taste of my own pussy. Instead we both pulled our pants up and I took him to my car out in the parking lot. Immediately when we got inside, I wrenched his cock back out of his pants and jacked him off lovingly. After a minute, I sprung to the passenger's seat and pulled off my jeans and panties. My boots too. Then, I climbed on top of him, grabbed his cock, rubbed it along my opening, and lowered my hips slowly.

His cock felt wonderful inside of me, every vein rubbing against my walls as I moved up and down on top of him. His hands switched from my ass to my thighs to my breasts and then back again. Me, however, I was just busy bouncing on his hard cock with my hands planted on his chest. Our breathing turned into panting. Then our panting turn into moaning. If we kept it up for too long, our moaning may turn into screaming. He pulled me in close to him and kissed me, all while I'm still bouncing up and down on him. Ugh, I can taste my pussy on his lips. But it's okay, his cock's making up for it. At one point I can feel his cock get bigger and his muscles tense up. He's about to cum. I move his hands toward my ass, and he grips it to help me thrust against his cock faster and faster. Finally, I feel him explode, his cum covering my walls as he lets out a long groan. But I don't stop, I still need to finish. Throughout his orgasm, his hips gyrate into me, pumping my pussy with his softening cock. My eyes are rolling back into my head again as I fall forward onto his body and begin cumming myself. My lips rest against his neck as I moan into his ear, and he moans back into my ear. My muscles tense up as his muscles quiet down. He helps me reach my orgasm by pumping me with his soft cock and rubbing my clit with his thumb. My back arches and my head goes up to the ceiling of my car, and I let out a long moan as I cum onto my lover.

When I'm finally done, I feel his cum dripping out of me and onto him. He looks up at me in awe, and I do the same down to him. Two lovers proving themselves to be perfect for one another. I love this boy, and I'm pretty sure he loves me too. I slid off of his cock and sit in the passenger seat, feeling his cum slowly dribble out of my finished pussy. As we're sweating and panting and smelling of sweat, I look at him, not noticing the fogged up windows of the car and the possible number of people standing outside.

"I love you, Billy."

"I love you too, Emily."