 Patrick walked into his outer office and told his secretary that he’d be back later in the day to finish up the paperwork on his desk and she should leave anything there that she needs him to look at. With that, he walked out of the office and down the hallway of the Senate offices.  He used a key from his pocket to gain access to an unmarked doorway and went in.  

     A woman was seated at the desk inside the office wearing a black suit and her dark auburn hair was pulled back in a severe style of knot.  She looked all business.  She picked up the phone and asked someone to hold her calls.  She looked up at Pat and smiled, putting down the piece of legislation she was reading on the desk. 

     He walked up to her at the desk, picked up her chin and kissed her gently on the lips.  She returned his affections and got up to go lock the door.  As she returned to Patrick, she began to take off her jacket and blouse.  Patrick helped her out of the tailored skirt of the suit to reveal an exquisite black lace teddy.  His hand slipped between the liquid silk of the teddy and her soft skin.  He nuzzled her neck and drank in her perfume.  His fingers reached her already hard nipples and he rolled them between his fingers, as the look of ecstasy was in her eyes.  She smiled and gave a little moan as Patrick slipped the slim silk strap off her shoulder. He slipped the other one off and exposed her breasts.  Patrick bent down and took one of her rock hard nipples in her mouth.  She tilted her head back as he sucked at her breast.  His hand slipped in between the silk and her sweet shaved pussy.  He made circular motions with her clit and soon he had her moaning like crazy.  He undid the snaps to release his prize from its silk wrapping.  He picked her up and sat her on the desk and spread her legs wide so he could taste the juices that were flowing from her.    He lapped her juices, sending her into frenzy as she came hard for him.  He could feel her pussy tighten around his tongue and her entire body convulsed as she reached her climax.  He slid 2 fingers inside of her to help prolong her orgasm and she began to beg him to fuck her.  Her convulsing pussy held Patrick’s hand prisoner as she rode the waves of her orgasm.  

     As it subsided, Patrick slid his pants and boxers down to his ankles.  He knew from experience that she would leave him soaking wet when he gave her what she wanted.  He took his rock hard cock and rubbed her soaking wet slit before slowly entering her.  He slowly slid in and out until she got used to his size.  The lack of speed on his part was driving her nuts and she begged him to fuck her hard.  He sped up as she wrapped her long legs around his waist so he couldn’t tease her with his cock anymore.  Her moaning turned him on even more as she played with her clit.  He could feel her tightening around him and knew she was about to cum again for him.  He stepped up his pace and his own balls were on fire as her pussy held him in a death grip of orgasm.  He had never felt anyone ever cum as hard as she did.  He enjoyed the control he had over her as she melted into a puddle with his every stroke.  She was one of the most powerful women in the country, yet she was his slave every time they came together.  He couldn’t hold back anymore as he felt her cum again for him. He shot hot cum deep inside her.  She held back a scream as she came for him and she was thankful for having a sound proof office.  

     She pushed him back and got down on her knees before him.  She took his semi limp cock in her hand and began to lick it back to life.  He loved it when she licked her own juices off of him and he could tell by the way she was sucking him off that she was wanting more of him.  He grabbed her head by her tightly wound hair and forced her to take him deeper into her mouth.  He was back to full hardness as his cock hit the back of her throat.  She rolled his balls in her hand as she sucked him off.  She felt his balls harden and knew he was getting ready to reward her with a mouth full of hot cum.  She rubbed her dripping wet pussy then licked her fingers for him.  He loved when she did this and she knew it drove him crazy.  She rubbed her finger along the underside of his balls and sucked him hard as she slid her finger onto his prostate gland.  As she rubbed it, Patrick could not contain his orgasm anymore and he came in her mouth hard.  She drank every drop of his juice and he told her she was a good slut.  She was still horny and he was still hard so she turned him around so he was leaning against the desk.  She put her back to him and guided his still pulsating cock into her soaking wet pussy.  She told him she was in control now and she started to ride him slower than he rode her before.  He reached under her and played with her clit as she slid back and forth on his rigid tool.  He knew she needed a good fucking from the way she was acting.  He reached into her desk drawer and opened a secret compartment in the back of the drawer.  He reached for the large vibrator and pulled out of her pussy. He put the vibe on the desk and spread her ass so he could enter her.  He rammed her ass and she let out a little scream.  He fucked her a few times until she started to push back on him to help him fuck her deeper.  He reached for the vibe and slid it in her waiting pussy.  She couldn’t help but finger herself as he fucked her in both holes at the same time.  

He fucked her like an animal because he knew she loved it rough.  His huge cock ramming her perfect ass vibrated from the equally large toy sticking out of her pussy.  Her own hand on her clit brought her closer and closer to the best orgasm in her life.  As his cock slid in her ass, his balls shoved the vibrator back into her throbbing pussy.  He knew he’d never come but he made sure that she was well fucked before he left.  She was begging him to finish her off and he started to fuck her like a mad man.  Every thrust into her ass forced the vibe to slide in and out against his balls and when it slid back in, it sent her closer and closer to going over the edge.  He slammed her hard and he thought he was going to collapse from the force he used on her but she kept taking it and begging for more.  Soon he felt her start to cum again and she collapsed in his arms when she finished. She sat down in her chair naked as he pulled up his boxers and pants.  He fixed his tie and jacket then left her sitting there.  He went back to his office and finished reading the same piece of legislation she was when he entered her office.