 I finally broke up with my girlfriend Nancy. We had been seeing each other for almost a year. I got tired of listening to her whining and complaining all the time. I didn't want to marry her and there were other things I just couldn't stand hearing about. When I finally told her I wanted out, you should have seen her face. She was shocked like I had slapped her. I said I couldn't listen to her any longer and she should gather up her possessions in my apartment and leave.

There was silence from then on until she went out the door. Nancy slammed the door behind her. At least it was over, I could move on. I didn't go out with anyone for almost a month. I did finally ask a few women out. It didn't work out as planned. All these women wanted was to be wined and dined. When it came to putting out afterwards, that wasn't part of their bargain. I put my dating plans on hold.

I was in the grocery store of all places when I ran into Nancy. I thought she would be cold towards me but that wasn't the case. She asked if we could talk sometime. Like a fool, I said if she wanted to come over we could chat. It wasn't two days later and my doorbell rang. There stood Nancy. I invited her in and we talked for a few minutes.

"I really missed you lately," she said to me. 

Before you knew it we were kissed and touching each other. A few minutes later we were back in my bed. The one thing good about Nancy was she was hot in bed, especially after we fought. God, did she love to fuck. Nancy performed her best feat that day. She took hold of my dick and she went down on me. Nancy wasn't one of those women who licked your cock a few times and then quit. Her head was bobbing up and down and she took me right down to the root.

I had to control myself so I wouldn't cum quickly. Luckily Nancy pulled away and got onto her back. I guess I was like a wild bull that day. I took hold of her ankles and pushed her legs back to her chest. Nancy reached down and guided my prick to her opening. I shoved my dick inside with one quick motion. Nancy let out this scream as I filled her pussy with my long dick. I didn't waste any time. I started to pound her pussy as hard as was possible. 

I have to say Nancy's pussy was tight that day. She was clamping down on my rod as I stroked her with my dick. We went at it like it was the first time we ever had sex. Nancy finally told me to let go of her legs. She ended up strapping them around my back. I stretched myself out and gave it to her hard. My balls were hitting her ass and I pushed in as deep as was humanly possible. I lowered my face and found her large nipples. 

I took each one in my mouth. I was biting and sucking on them as we continued fucking. I could never tell her this but I missed having this kind of sex with her. There was no holding back. Nancy loved it hard and deep and that is the way I took her in bed. We had to have fucked for over an hour. My dick was actually getting sore when I started to feel my nuts pinching. I tried to control myself but I finally blew my load. 

Nancy screamed as she felt my sticky oils enter her body. She started to shake and I figured she was having her own orgasms right then. I just kept pumping my dick into her pussy until I felt I had nothing left inside me. I rested my cock in Nancy's pussy and we tried to calm down together.

"God, I missed you fucking me like that," Nancy told me.

I soon pulled out and Nancy went and got cleaned up. I figured it was best to stop right there and not to have anymore sex that day. 

"Call me," Nancy told me as she went out the door.

I am sitting thinking about what I should do. If we could just have sex together, everything would be fine. I know Nancy wanted to get back together as girlfriend-boyfriend. I don't to go back down that path again. If I can come up with a plan where I can just fuck Nancy I would go with that. For now I need to rest my sore dick and hope I can fuck my old girlfriend again with no strings attached.