 Ever had one of those days where it seams that nothing could go your way? Well, Jill was having one of those days. She had woken up terribly late for work, knowing that she could lose her job for being late one more time. She quickly got dressed, jumped in her car, and flew off to work. Less than a mile away from work, she was pulled over by a cop for doing 50 in a 30. He gave her a warning, but took up too much of her time in doing it. When she finally got to work, she was pulled into her boss' office. He put her on probation for a week and sent her home. At least she hadn't lost her job entirely. As she walked out of the building, she noticed the large, dark cloud moving towards her. She hurriedly got to her car and pulled away just as the rain started. 

Jill's commute was very long. It took her an hour each way. She knew that it would take longer in the downpour she was in. As she pulled onto the highway she looked down and noticed that the slit in her already too short skirt had ripped all the way up to hip. She sighed heavily thinking that her day couldn't get any worse. But she was wrong. Less than halfway home her car suddenly bucked and stalled. She put the car into neutral and drove it into the breakdown lane. In her haste that morning, Jill had forgotten to fill her gas tank. She dropped her head to the steering wheel and began to cry. Hoping that some kind soul would help her, she put on her emergency flashers. She figured however, that nobody in their right mind would pull over in this pouring rain for her. She knew that her only hope was to get out of the car and hope that some man would pull over for her.

Jill stepped out of the car. She was a stunning woman, even when soaked to the bone. Her long, black hair was wrapped around her, clinging to her fair skin. Her fire engine red lips engaged in a small pout. Her deep blue eyes searching in the storm for a helpful man. Her freshly torn skirt and now see through white blouse clinging to her above average breasts and flat belly. She crossed her arms underneath her breasts and paced around her car. 

About fifteen cars had passed when she saw a pair of headlights slowly coming towards her. The car, a brand new BMW pulled up behind her car. Jill walked over to the driver's side door and the driver rolled down his tinted window. Jill gasped as his face was revealed. Maybe her day would turn out ok. The man was a living god. He had wavy blond hair and stunning blue eyes. He smiled at Jill, revealing perfect white teeth and the sexiest pair of dimples she had ever seen. He introduced himself as Adam. 

"Looks like you're having a bit of car trouble," Adam said still grinning, "anything i can do to help?"

Jill's mind started racing with sexual fantasies about exactly what Adam could do to help her. She managed to stumble out that she had ran out of gas and would be very appreciative if he would drive her to a gas station to get some gas. Adam asked her if she had a container to hold the gas, but she didn't. Unfortunately, neither did he. "How about if i just give you a lift home?" Adam suggested.

"It's a bit far," Jill stammered, unable to believe how her luck had changed so quickly.

"Well, I have nowhere to be, and this could be my good deed of the day. Let me help you out Jill," Adam replied.

"Well ok then," Jill smiled, "let me run to my car and grab my things." So, off she ran. Adam couldn't help but watch as her firm butt jiggled slightly as she ran. The slit revealing the bottom curve of her beautiful ass. Adam felt himself starting to get hard at the thoughts of this beautiful woman. Before she reached the car he had already pictured her in many different sexual positions.

Jill hopped in the car and relaxed into the leather seats. She apologized for getting them wet. It didn't bother Adam though. He loved the thought of a beautiful woman wetting the seat with her beautiful body. She gave him the directions to where she lived, and surprisingly it was right near where Adam lived also. As they drove they chatted about meaningless things, simple chatter. Each of them, however, had other things on their minds. hen the other wasn't looking, they each took turns glancing at the others body. Jill hadn't noticed before, but Adam had a godlike body to match his godlike face. He had broad shoulders that angled into his obviously chiseled stomach. His arms and legs were bulging with muscles. Jill smiled as she watched Adam's cock growing beneath his pants.

"It's right there," Jill said as they neared her house. "The white one with the blue shutters."

Adam pulled into her driveway. "Would you like to join me for lunch?" she asked with a smile.

"I can't think of a thing I'd rather do," Adam responded with his angelic smile.

Jill pulled out her keys and together they ran to her door and fell into the house. They laughed together. She showed Adam to the livingroom. and asked him to sit while she went to freshen up. She left Adam and walked down the hall to her bedroom. Adam had seen the way she looked at him and he decided to take a chance. He allowed her a few minutes before he followed her into the bedroom.

He peeked in the doorway to see Jill standing there in her bra and panties, looking at herself in the mirror. She reached behind herself and undid the clasp on her bra, letting it fall off her shoulders to the floor. Adam gasped at how beautiful her breasts were. They were perfectly rounded with large dark nipples. Jill ran her hand over the curve of her left breast, gently pinching the nipple as she did so. Instantly, her nipples got rock hard, as hard as Adam's dick was getting in his pants. Jill then grasped at her panties and bent slightly to pull them down. As she bent, pulling her panties off, Adam got his first good look at her firm round ass. He looked into the mirror and got a great look at her beautiful pussy. It was shaven, all but about an inch above the lips, but that too was neatly trimmed. Jill ran her hand down to her pussy and brushed over her beautiful mound. Again, he watched her nipples harden and her head rolled back as she moaned. Her long hair brushing along the crack of her perfect ass. 

Adam could take it no longer, he pushed the door open fully. Jill turned and looked at him.

"Took you long enough," she said with a coy smile on her face.

"I was enjoying the show, but I needed to join."

"Well come on down," Jill said with a giggle.

"Don't mind if I do," Adam said as he pulled Jill to him and dropped to his knees. He was face to face with Jill's sweet cunt. He ran his hand along her lips, feeling her juices already inside. He opened her sweet box with his fingers and glided them over her swollen clit. He moved his head into her. Flicking his tongue along her clit. He reached around and grabbed her ass in his hands. He licked and bit at her sweet clit. Swirling his tongue around the hole, teasing her with his tongue. Adam started to fuck her with his tongue. Rolling her ass around in his hands. Jill ran her hands through Adam's hair, gently pushing his head deeper into her throbbing pussy. She felt her legs start to tingle and she knew she was going to cum. She pushed Adam's head into her as her hips thrust forward into him. Adam felt her muscles starting to contract around his tongue, so he inserted two fingers into her and fucked her with them while his tongue flicked across her clit. Jill started screaming with pleasure as her orgasm reached its height. Adam licked all her sweet juices as they flowed over his face. Jill's body relaxed and Adam stood up, facing her now.

He pulled Jill to him, and pressed his lips to hers. She licked her juices from his lips. She savored the taste of herself. They kissed passionately, animalistically. Their tongues darting at each other. Gently biting lips. Adam reached his hand up and caressed Jill's breast. She moaned with his light touch. Jill reached down and felt Adam's throbbing dick through his pants. She undid his belt as he pinched at her nipples. He lowered his head and began to suck on them. Swirling his tongue around her delicious nipple. She fumbled with his pants, but got them undone and they dropped to his ankles. He quickly stepped out of them. Jill then pulled down his boxers, bending down as she did so. He stepped out of them also. 

Now Jill was down on her knees looking at Adam's perfect, rock hard, throbbing, 8 inch cock. It scared her a little, she had never seen a dick so wide, she didn't know whether she would be able to take it into her mouth. She hesitated a little, but moved her mouth forward and rolled her tongue around Adam's head. She stroked his dick as she licked up and down. She was right, at first she wasn't able to take him in very much. At first, she could just suck on his head, but she stroked him as she did so. She sucked gently, rolling her tongue around as she sucked. She worked her way down a little more each time sucked. 

ventually, she was deep throating his enormous cock. Sucking ravenously on it as she played with his balls in her hand. His hips were thrusting into her face, shoving his cock deep into her throat. He started pulling at her hair, forcing her to go deeper. His hips thrust quicker as he felt his cum build up inside. He thrust forward and with each thrust, more of his cum shot into Jill's mouth. She was able to swallow most of it, but there was so much that a little dribbled down her chin. She stood up and Adam took his finger and wiped it away. They kissed some more, Adam was already hard again.

"Fuck me." Jill whispered into Adam's ear. So, Adam led Jill over to her bed and bent her over. He slapped his dick on her ass before rubbing it gently over her clit. She moaned. He could feel her wetness all over the head of his cock. He pushed it in slowly, feeling how tight she was. She moaned again, it was a sound of pain mixed with pleasure. He went easy on her at first. With one hand he held onto her hip, the other reached around and played with her tits. He thrust harder and deeper as she loosened around him. He took his hand that was playing with her tit and grabbed a ponytail of her hair and pulled back so that her head was pulled back a little. He was slamming all 8 inches of his dick into her now, his balls slamming against her clit. He took his other hand and inserted a finger into her ass. She screamed with pleasure.

"Fuck me Adam, fuck me harder!" Jill screamed. Adam didn't think he could fuck her any harder, but he did. It felt like he was going to rip her apart inside he was fucking her so hard. Jill pulled a pillow to her and started screaming into it. Adam felt her muscles contracting around his dick and her cum flowing all around it. This sensation was enough to make him cum. Although nearly impossible, he fucked her wet cunt harder and faster than before. His hot cum shot up into her, Jill could feel it. He moaned and slapped Jill's ass. After his dick stopped pumping, he pulled out and collapsed on the bed. 

Jill curled into his arms and they slept that way for a while, completely exhausted. When Adam woke up, he smelled the most delicious smell of his life. Jill was gone. He got up to find her. He found her in the kitchen cooking.

"I promised you lunch, didn't I?" she smiled at him.

They sat down and ate. Adam announced that he had to be leaving. Jill got up to walk him to his car. They reached the car and Adam opened the door to get in. He pulled Jill close to him once more. They kissed passionately once again. Adam pulled her even closer, hugging her to his chest. Jill looked over Adam's shoulder and smiled. In the backseat she saw a gascan.