 Today was the day from hell for Beth. Anything that could go wrong did; Murphy's Law was pulling no punches on her. Beth was barely awake as she got out of bed, grabbed a fresh towel and went to the bathroom. Leaning over the sink she took a close look at her face.

'Man, it is at times like this that I am so glad I wake up alone.' Beth shivered like she just saw a bug. Beth took off her pajama top which was no more than an old Broncos jersey, and tried to admire her body standing in front of the mirror in nothing but her thong. She wasn't having much luck; today wasn't one of her pretty days. Turning to her left profile, she sucked in her tummy. Then she turned to her right profile hoping it would look better. Nope. She turned around and looked over her shoulder at her ass; 'I do not know what men see in it, I hate my ass.' She shook her head and took off her underwear. 

She tested the water before stepping into the shower stall. When she turned on the shower radio it didn't work. 'Hmph' she thought; 'Didn't I just buy this? Piece of crap!' The water was squirting everywhere but on her, but with only a trickle of water she managed to finish her shower. She stepped out of the stall and slipped. She reached for the curtain rod; which was only a tension rod so it didn't support her weight and she went tumbling to the floor. She lay there for a minute. 'What else can go wrong.' She stood up and wrapped a towel around herself. She used another towel to dry the foggy mirror and it knocked her makeup into the toilet. She was grumbling out loud now.

Finally dressed now, she went down stairs to make herself breakfast and burnt her toast. Her roommates must have been playing with the dial again. She decided on a bowl of cereal but the last quart of milk was sour. So when she managed to get out of the house it was 10 minutes behind her normal time which meant she wouldn't make it to Timmy's before she got on the highway. Her hope was that by the time she got to the city she would be able to stop at the Timmy's on the corner down the street from campus. 

It was mid-March before the clocks had to be switched and it was still dark out. It was chilly and the car wasn't warm yet. She hated 8 o'clock classes because it felt like she was going to night school. Although it was a very peaceful time of the day she would prefer it a little bit brighter. Her favorite time of the day was when the sun was just breaking the horizon or when it was just setting on it. Beth was on the road at about 6:30. She should be at Timmy's by 8:00 if she could make up time on the highway. She normally did pretty close to the speed limit but today she would have to kick it up a notch and try not to get noticed. She made it half way without any problems and got a little carried away singing to the radio when her car started to wobble. She maintained control, just like her uncle had taught her and pulled off to the side of the road. 'Fuck! Now what the hell am I going to do.' Beth turned the car off and got out. She walked all around to find out what happened and then she saw it: a flat. "Shit!" Beth yelled and stomped the ground. She was having a terrible day and this just made it worse. She stood beside her car trying to control her breathing and calm herself down. With a clear head she would be able to figure out what to do. 

After a few minutes she decided she would call CAA. Yes, it would probably take at least an hour but that's what she paid into it for. Searching her purse wildly on the side of the road; it only took a second to realize that she had forgotten her cell phone at home. 'Of course' she thought, gesturing into the air with her arms. 'Now what.' Beth practiced her breathing again; with her hands on her hips she looked down at the tire and tapped her foot. She looked at her watch and then sighed heavily.

Beth scanned the surrounding vicinity to see if there were any nearby road signs that might have a service station or motel nearby. Finding none, she was left with one solution: go and find one herself. With tears streaming down her face she decided she would head south towards the city. She had been taught to stand tall in the face of adversity, so with her chin held high she dramatically flung her purse over her shoulder, locked the car with the automatic lock on her key ring, stuffed her keys in her pocket and began her march up the long road. The anger within her made her proceed with vigor and she promised herself that she was going to end this streak of bad luck come hell or high water. 

Beth turned her head when she heard another vehicle in the distance. She raced back to her car in hope that the vehicle would continue coming towards her. She listened intently. As she stared in the direction of the sound, the vehicle began to take shape. It was a truck, and as it got closer she realized it was a tow truck. She was elated at the sight of it and began flailing her arms over her head in the international 'I need help' wave. As the truck neared her she was able to make out how many people were inside the truck. A man; one very large man. He pulled far off on the shoulder beside Beth's car. The driver's side window began lowering on its own. Hesitantly she approached the truck. "Having trouble, miss? " He asked. Beth replied, "Yes. I could really use your help?" 

She had a pleading tone to her voice which tweaked the man's radar for sure. 'Hmm, a lady all alone on the highway with little to no traffic, what a way to start my day' he thought.

"Hmm. A flat, eh? You got a spare?" He said as he leaned out the window. Beth immediately noticed the size of his arm. When this big strong rugged man opened his door she stepped out of his way. He stood over six feet tall easily and had a raw but gentle appearance to him that seemed quite harmless. His hair was cut very short and was peppered in color, as was his goatee. He had on jeans and a leather biker jacket and work boots. He smiled as walked towards her trying to get around his door so he could close it. Slightly intimidated by his size, she backed up and bumped into the car. 

"Watch yourself there." Tom said as he reached out to catch Beth. He reached out his hand and introduced himself. His hand engulfed hers. He seemed very friendly. She introduced herself; her voice quivering "Hi. I'm Beth.' 

"What is such a pretty thing like you doing out here alone? You know you shouldn't get out of your car if you're broken down on the highway and really you should be over on the shoulder more. You could get hurt here." He was smiling from ear to ear. Beth stood up a little straighter. "Listen buddy, I have had a day from hell and was not about to sit here and wait to be rescued. Do you not think that if I could have gotten over more I would have and do you think I wanted to get out and walk to the next town? For your information I forgot my phone at home and had there been a spare in the trunk I could have changed it myself. But that is what I pay CAA for, isn't it. So do you think you could hook this thing up so I can make it to class sometime today?" She was fuming.

"Wow. Feel better?" Tom was still smiling. Beth's anger was subsiding when she realized his concern was genuine. She took a deep breath and simply shrugged. 

"I'm sorry. Little defensive. I have issues." Beth tried a smile, then looked at the ground.

Tom laughed, "Don't we all? Is it front wheel or rear wheel?" 

The distraction was helping, Beth was feeling much better. "Front." 

"That makes things easier. Do you want to get in now or wait until I'm done hooking up? I could even show you how to do it so maybe next time a tow truck stops to help you, you could hook it up yourself." He smiled as he walked towards her car. 

The sarcasm was not lost on Beth and she smiled back. She was flattered he felt comfortable enough to tease her. She blushed and walked towards the truck. Tom tried the door and immediately looked back at her. "Uh, the door?" 

Beth turned towards him, "Well you know how to open a locked door right?" She laughed but fished her keys out anyway. As she pulled the keys from her pocket she dropped them into a puddle. Tom tilted his head and looked at her out of the corner of his eye. "That's there's karma." Tom could hardly contain his laughter especially when he noticed her obvious frustration. 

"Damn it" Beth grumbled as she bent to retrieve her keys. Tom eyes were fixed on Beth's butt. He was trying to figure out whether she had on a thong or no underwear at all. He began evaluating what kind of woman she was. Would she actually go to class without any underwear on, in a skirt no less. He was staring at her. She sensed it and glanced over her shoulder, in that inviting doggy style pose. She held it for a few seconds then stood up; turned around and smiled at him now checking out her frontal view. 

"Hmm." Tom muttered then looked into her eyes. Beth looked at the car as she unlocked it. 

"I still need the keys to take off the emergency break and lock the steering." Tom held out his hand. Beth looked at the ground as she walked towards him. Holding out her hand but not looking at him she handed him the keys. He took them but not before he bent his head to get her attention. 

"I won't bite you know." Tom smiled again. Beth blushed as she looked at him and melted. Smiling she turned and walked back to the truck. She knew Tom was watching her because she didn't hear the car door open yet. She really didn't know what men liked about her look but liked the fact that he was interested. 

Beth waited in the truck while Tom did what he had to do. She liked his look and found herself staring. He had broad shoulders, a strong jaw line and great hands. Her eyes even drifted to his crotch when he turned and approached the truck. She was busy imagining what his penis would look like naked in her hands. He laughed when she realized he saw her looking. Flustered she blushed as she nervously twisted her hair.

Tom hopped in to the truck and pulled up in front of her car. As he reversed he put his arm on the back of the seat. His hand was inches from Beth's face. She turned to check the proximity. She was slightly nervous but wasn't quite sure why yet. Was it a safety thing or an erotic tension thing? He stopped the truck and hopped out. The door slammed and the loud noise startled her. Her heart was racing. Beth felt very on edge and her body was overreacting to every sensation. She watched him intently. 'What is going on with me? He is just a tow truck driver. I don't even know him. Man, have I been celibate that long?' That's when she realized she wanted him. Tom motioned to her to come out. Confused but curious, Beth got out and went to him. "Hey, seriously though, would you like to know what I'm doing? You strike me as the tom boy type. You're obviously a feisty little thing." Tom's question was sincere. 

"Um, ya actually." Beth loosened up. 

"First you have to extend the sliders." Tom led Beth to the back and pulled out the big metal sliders. 

"Then you have to lower the wheel lift." Tom let Beth pull the lever at the side of the truck to lower the wheel lift. Beth was very interested and thankfully, distracted. 

"And you pull the lever." Beth reached for the wrong one. "No, this one." Tom reached around her to show her the correct one. His chest was touching her back. 'Breathe Beth. Concentrate.' She was trying to focus. 

"Make sure the bars are touching the tires. Now you have to get the slider bars from the truck and put them in behind the tires." Tom walked to the truck while Beth watched. He went ahead and slid them into the holes on either side of the wheel lift bar and secured it with two metal pins. They looked very heavy but he lifted them like they had no weight to them. She loved his obvious strength. 

"Now come back here with me and pull this lever and it'll lift the car." Beth followed him. She hesitated before pulling the lever. "Go ahead." Tom smiled. Beth pulled it and as soon as the tires began to lift off the ground she stopped. "Oh," she said as she stepped back. "No, no. Go ahead - that's what's supposed to happen." He laughed at her nervousness. Beth pulled it again and this time continued until the front of the car was completely off the ground. She smiled, proud of herself. 

"Now with this lever, pull the car closer to the truck." Tom waited as she followed his directions. 

"Good. See, not so hard eh? Now I'll do the rest 'cause it gets a little dirty. Not that you couldn't but I wouldn't want you to get your outfit dirty. Not to mention you're in a very; very short skirt and it wouldn't be very gentlemanly of me to have you get down on all fours under the car and hook this chain up." Tom smiled a devilish grin as he pulled the chain off the back of the truck. Beth stood off to the side and watched him get down on one knee; reach under and hook the heavy chain to the underside of the car. Then he went and got two small lights from the back of the truck and stuck them on the trunk. Then he draped the wires over the roof and under the wipers, finally wrapping them around the levers on the passenger side of the truck. 

"Ok, we're done now." Tom held the door open as he waited for her to get in. Beth smiled and took one last look at the car as she stepped up on the side to get into the truck. Her foot slipped and she fell back into him. Neither of them moved for what seemed like an hour. His face was at her neck. He breathed in her tropical scent. Wondering if it was her hair, her perfume, or just her. 

"Mmm, you smell great," he said 'And you feel so good too' he thought. She too liked the feel of his strong arms around her. 

"Thank you," was the best Beth could come up with. Nervously she tried to get in the truck again. Tom stopped her. Beth looked back at him confused. 

"Wait." Tom's voice was deeper than before and he wasn't smiling. 

Tom turned her around; put his huge hands on either side of her face and kissed her deeply and passionately on the mouth. Beth gave in and kissed him back. His face was smooth and he smelled of soap and musky cologne. He slid his hands down the front of her chest not lingering on her breasts as he passed them. Beth shivered. His hands slid around to grip her butt and he effortlessly scooped her up and placed her down gently onto the seat, the whole time still kissing her. She had a hold of his head, holding her mouth tight to his. By now Beth forgot everything about the terrible day she had been having. The diesel engine was making the truck vibrate and it was so loud it muffled the soulful sounds of Anthony Hamilton on the radio. The inside smelled of oil and mud but was mostly covered by the scent of vanilla air freshener. Beth couldn't believe she was doing this; it was so reckless. Tom broke from their kiss and stood straight, staring into Beth's attentive eyes. He could see the hunger in her and this made his cock twitch. He traced his hands down the tops of her thighs and briefly paused at her knees. Checking for her acceptance but not really waiting for approval he spread her legs and began gently sliding his large calloused hands up the inside of her thighs. She put up no resistance. She was losing her composure, her pussy getting very moist. Tom paused when his hands reached her pussy. His fingers had touched it just slightly but he could feel her wetness through her panties. The electricity from his touch jolted her; she threw her head back and sighed heavily. He pulled his hand back down her legs and her head lifted. She looked into his eyes begging him to continue. He grinned. His hands roughly hiked up her skirt. Beth braced herself, grabbing onto the back of the seat and the dashboard. He took hold of her thong and yanked it off, pulling her toward the edge of the seat. He leaned in toward her, his rock hard cock jamming into the side of the seat as he lunged over her. With one hand on the back of her neck, he pulled her mouth to his and greedily devoured her lips. With his other hand he suddenly palmed her mound. She gasped. Her dripping juices made his arousal turn animalistic. Beth moaned into his mouth. He pawed at her pussy, thoroughly drenching his hand, and kissed wildly at her mouth. Beth imagined how his mouth would feel so vigorously on her aching pussy. 

Beth, now clearly out of control, would allow Tom to take whatever he desired. He kissed her with a passion she hadn't felt for a long time, if ever. Their tongues were wrestling now in a frenzy of desire, slurping and sucking. It was at that moment that Tom sucked hard at her bottom lip as he pulled away briefly. Then when his mouth returned, he sucked at her lip again this time biting it. She yelped a little and pulled back; taken back with her split second of pain. 'Was that an accident?' she thought to herself. Then she ran her hands through his hair gripping his head and pulling him to her chest. He didn't have to be told what she wanted. 

Tom opened Beth's coat to reveal her now hard nipples that were begging to be released from the cotton confines. He roughly squeezed each one as he watched Beth's face grimace in pleasure.

"Hmm." Beth's moan was almost inaudible. She was shaking as her body anticipated his touch and the weight of his body was making her muscles strain. Tom unbuttoned her top to reveal the silky blue ribbon outline of her bra. He kissed her cleavage finding the source of her coconut scent. He took hold of her breasts and squeezed them together as one, rubbing her erect nipples with his thumbs. Beth removed her shirt as he reached behind her and popped the clasp of her bra and pulled her arms free of it revealing her breasts fully. Beth could hold herself up no longer and fell back onto the seat. 

Tom took a minute to admire the beautiful woman laid out in front of him, and found his mouth drooling as he placed it on Beth's right breast. He sucked and licked the tender silky flesh and nibbled at her hard little nipple.

She growled into Tom's ear. "Oh my god. What are you doing to me?" "Whatever I want," Tom said as he looked up at Beth. She was now on fire and he took complete advantage of the situation, slowly giving the same attention to her other breast. She found herself raising her hips to be touched at her most delicate place, attempting to grind into him as he continued a full out love assault on her breasts. 

"Ok, ok, kitten." Tom had Beth right were he wanted her. She was craving him and was spread out practically begging to be touched, pleased, and filled by him. He knew he had full control and that even if she wanted out, she couldn't go anywhere without his assistance.

"Move up." Tom demanded. Beth complied and shimmied up the bench seat. She grabbed hold of the steering wheel and the back of the seat to pull herself so that her head was propped against the door. In the process she had managed to pull her skirt back down and was again covered. In Tom's lustful desire he clutched her tight skirt with both hands and wrenched it down her legs, dropping it on the ground outside the door. The rough treatment of her skirt scraped her legs and left them stinging. Tom stood at the door staring down at his newly uncovered toy. Beth stared back. Neither of them said a word. She slowly put one foot on the dash and one on the frame of the door and raised herself on her elbows. Her hair fell over her breasts and covered half of her face. 

The scent of Beth's sex was what sent him over the edge. The musky smell that makes men feral was heavy within the confines of the cab of the truck. He bent over her and slid his hands under her ass, resting on his elbow, and his face inches from her primed and sopping pussy. He blew on her and she shivered. Then gently he lapped at her lips like he was licking ice cream off the side of a cone. Long slow licks from the bottom of her ass to the top of her slit. He licked over and over again, getting harder and harder with every stroke of his tongue. Beth was watching, moving her pussy down as he licked up and up as he licked down. Her mouth was watering and subconsciously mimicked his. He could feel the urgency in her movements. On the next stroke he pushed harder with his tongue breaking through to the wet orchid hidden beneath her red swollen lips. 
