 The next morning I wake up beside your sleeping form. The sun is bleeding through the sliding doors of the balcony, hanging blinds obscuring the rays. You are on your back, the single silk sheet covering your lower regions. Your chest is red with scratches, small indications of the true intensity of last night's passionate collision. 

I am pleasantly sore, and still very aroused. 

Your cock is rigid below the covers, morning hard-on creating a large tent in the middle. I think about how wonderful it would feel to have you inside my mouth while you are asleep, unaware…gently pull down the thin covering, exposing your cock, thick and stiff with blood. You do not awaken; only shift slightly, deep in dreams. Want to make you dream about me, take control of your sleep. 

Absently stroke the tender underside of your shaft with one long fingernail. I go up to the head, lean over and lick it softly with the tip of my skilled tongue; so warm…I want the length of you in my mouth, down my throat…I put my red lips on the tip, slightly parting them to flick my tongue all over your glans. You give a slight groan deep in the back of your throat. I quickly glance up; you haven't awakened. Good, I am getting inside your head…I open my mouth wider and take you in, inch by inch until my nose is almost touching your pubic hair. 

Your eyes pop open and you moan, pleasure evident on your face. 

I pull up just as slowly as I went down, my tongue brushing the underside along the way. I linger for an extra moment at the top. As I release your cock from my lips I look you straight in the eyes. 

'Good morning lover'. 

Casually ask if you want me to continue. Take your balls in my right hand and tenderly but firmly squeeze them. You can only groan an affirmative. I grip your shaft in my hand, jerking it, dipping down now and then to lick or suck your cock. 

'You want to come all over my tits don't you?' 

You moan urgently now, close to the edge, your cock tightening, anticipating the climax of sweet tension. 

I pull back just before you unload, let go of your cock and climb over you, off the bed. 

'No, I want to play with you some more'. 

'You are evil' you say, swollen red erection jutting up like a satyrs. 

I instruct you to close your eyes, not to open them until I say so. You obey, the desperation almost tangible. I laugh softly, walk to the shower. You hear the sound of running water. After a few minutes I call you over. You enter the washroom, not knowing what to expect next. 

The small, powder blue room is illuminated by a number of red candles, the light flickering on the walls like dancing specters, passionate ghosts. Steam sticks to your skin, the water in the shower scalding hot, burning like my desire. I extend a finger around the curtain and motion you to come in. You pull back the curtain, revealing my body, red from the hot water glancing off it. You step in, and wrap your strong arms around me like a second skin. Mold your body to mine. No space between us, we kiss like animals. 

Want to taste every inch of your body, your lips, your tongue your soul. We kiss deep as oceans, the water cascading off our intertwined bodies. I stab my tongue into your mouth, grazing your teeth. Your hands travel across my flesh, stop at the softness between my legs. You insert a finger, then another. I want something else inside me, though. 

I turn around; bend over slightly, offering myself from behind. You penetrate me roughly, the force sending electric currents across my body. Your cock fills me, fully, completely; one flesh. Each thrust shakes my world, earthquakes of pleasure shifting me against my will. We are unaware of our surroundings, so intent on exploring our erotic journey. 

In and out, your fingers squeeze tight the soft flesh of my ass I slam back even harder, spine arched like a cat, purring. You lean over, whisper into my ear.

'I want you to cum', you say 'cum with me, but not here'. 

We disengage, turn off the shower. We don't bother to dry off, dripping a pool onto the tile. Pad across the carpeting, towards the sliding balcony doors. You turn to stare into my eyes, drown in them. I lean into your chest, rake my nails down. Red lines chart a trail to your navel. I kiss your smooth chest, lick it until it's slick with saliva. Your nipples are swollen, tight with painful delight. I bend down, nibble then bite. You gasp and almost collapse on the floor. 

Push you back into the glass, down on my knees. You close your eyes and I swallow your cock again. I taste my cum on your cock, taste my passion. Your hands pull my hair, sharp pain sending wetness dripping down my inner thighs. I stand up quickly before you can spill your cum down my throat, before you can lose it. You are angry at this denial and open the balcony door. The sounds from the streets below flow up the fifteen stories into the room, cars and voices; the city, awakening. 

'I want you'. 

You exhale the words and I answer with another violent kiss. You drag me out on the balcony and bend me forward over the railing, so I can see the expanse of the anonymous cityscape. You kick my legs apart, my pussy soaked with our combined juices. You slam in quick and hard, the intent of our desire glaringly apparent. We don't bother to hold back our cries; we are strangers in an unfamiliar city with no reason to care. 

I can feel the wave of orgasms begging to crest within me and by your urgency I can tell you are about to crash as well. I feel the wave collapse and you give a few more hard thrusts before I sense your semen splashing inside me.

Without pulling off you, I stand back, lean into your sweat slick chest. Turn my head towards your mouth and kiss your bruised lips. Your hands reach forward and grasp my tits. The day has begun. You pull out, and we are drenched in mingled sweat. The early morning wind is warm and inviting, and we walk, hands entwined, back into our room for breakfast.