 I was off to an early start. Real early. I was in the truck and travelling by four in the morning and now had an hour's travel behind me. Once this load was delivered I had three days off and as far as I was concerned the sooner I delivered the sooner I was free. Hence the early start.

Trouble is, with an early start like that I didn't grab any breakfast. Places that are open all night are few and far between and I didn't know of any in the next hundred miles. I'd been this way before and decent diners were pretty thin on the ground. As you can guess, I was pleasantly surprised when, after I'd just passed some little one-horse town, I found a new diner advertising they were open all day every day. 

I pulled in, figuring that something was better than nothing. I was the only vehicle in the parking area. This didn't necessarily mean that the place was no good. It was more probable that I was the only idiot out driving that early.

I wandered into the diner and there was this nice looking young thing leaning on the counter, looking bored out of her skull. She perked up considerably when she saw that she had a live customer. I mentioned the word breakfast and she told me to take a seat and she'd let me have a menu.

I sat and she came around and handed me the menu. She was really quite a pretty young lass, a brunette and nicely shaped. I'd put her age at about twenty. She wore a little badge proudly stating her name was Dianne.

"You don't seem too busy right now," I observed, and she gave me a disgusted look.

"And we'll stay not busy for at least another hour," she informed me. "Nobody stops along here in the middle of the night."

"I can't help wondering why you stay open all night if there's no custom."

"It's the owner's fault. He reckons by showing that we're open and available people will remember us and plan to stop here in future, even if they don't do it right now. It makes for a boring job at times. Fortunately, I'm not on the overnight shift. I only started a few minutes ago. Janine, she's the overnight woman, said she served one person in her entire shift. I'll at least get some custom later on."

"So you'll sit back and twiddle your thumbs and hope you get lucky," I said with a grin. 

"I watch TV and, hey, I've got you for a customer, haven't I? What would you like?"

I ordered a simple breakfast with coffee. She noted it down and told me it'd be about ten minutes. 

"Are you the cook as well?" I asked.

"At this time of the morning I am," she answered with a nod. "We have a real cook but he doesn't start for another half hour. But don't worry, I know my way around the kitchen."

She scurried away, apparently happy to have something to do. Ten minutes later she was back and I'm quite sure she'd added a few extra items to my order, but I wasn't complaining. I invited her to sit and talk while I ate. She grabbed a cup of coffee and settled down opposite me.

I was hungry and made short work of the meal, then I sat back and relaxed a little. 

"I needed that," I said, giving her a wink.

"You're welcome," she said. "Is there anything else you'd like before you go?"

"Funny you should ask," I said with a grin. "I was just thinking I'd like a little fun time with you. Are you offering?"

"What?" she said, and her voice sounded a bit squeaky. "No, I was not offering. I meant anything from the menu."

"Pity. No, I don't need anything else," I murmured. "Um, you may not have been offering, but seeing as how I'm asking. . ." I let my voice trail off.

"Still no," she said, blushing. "What do you think I am?"

"Good question. I think you're an attractive young woman who is feeling a trifle bored. I also think that you're a woman who'll be quite a handful if I can talk you out of your panties. Can you think of a better cure for boredom?"

"I'll have you know I don't do that sort of thing," she said rather tartly, giving me a female look. 

"Ah, sorry. I hadn't realised that you were a virgin. I quite understand. It wouldn't be right to lose your virginity to a passing stranger, would it?"

"I didn't say I was a virgin," she said, sounding flustered. "I meant I don't have sex with strangers, that's all."

"My mistake," I said smiling cheerfully. "You're saying that you do do that sort of thing but not with me."

"You're laughing at me. You asked and I said no. That should be the end of it."

"Possibly, but I want it to be the start, not the end. Why not with me?" 

"How many reasons do you want," she asked, a touch of sarcasm creeping into her voice.

"Three."

"One, I don't know you. Two, we're standing in the middle of a diner and people may arrive at any moment. Three, I don't want to."

"One, you do know me now. We've been talking for a while, and you'll know me even better afterwards. Two, you don't really expect any customers for quite a while and if you're bent over the table looking out the window you'd spot anyone who drove up anyway. Three, you do want to or you'd have stalked off in a huff, pretending you've been insulted."

"Do you seriously think I want to bend over a table in full view of anyone who drives in while you do what you want to? You are being insulting, you know."

"Why is it insulting to tell a woman that you find her attractive and want to get to know her better?"

"There are ways of getting to know a woman better and there are other ways. Your way seems to be a bit direct."

"Yes, I know. Exciting, isn't it."

I got up off my chair and stretched, rolling my shoulders and generally loosening up. Dianne suddenly looked a little nervous. After all, we were alone and I was a very large man.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Stretching, paying my bill, and hitting the road," I said with a grin, reaching for my wallet.

I handed her a fifty and watched as she practically ran to the counter to ring it up. I called out just before she reached it.

"Dianne."

She stopped and looked back at me.

"Do me a favour," I said softly. "Lift your uniform a little and show me what I'm missing out on."

She blushed again, but the added distance from me must have given her a bit of nerve. She hesitated for a moment and then lifted her uniform tunic, flashing a dainty pair of panties at me, blushing madly all the while.

"Very nice," I said softly. "Very nice indeed."

I moved slowly towards her.

"Tell me again why I have to miss out."

"I just don't do that sort of thing," she said, not looking directly at me.

By then I was standing right in front of her.

"If you insist," I said. "It's not as though I would force you. But I do want to see just a little more."

Moving easily I reached out and pulled the front of her panties out and slightly down, exposing her, but not pulling her panties down. I let the panties go. 

"Better ring up the bill," I said.

Red-faced she did so and I pocketed my change, leaving her a tip with a wink.

"Thanks for the breakfast," I murmured. "Before I go, how about you let me take down your panties?"

"God, you get an idea in your head and you can't let it go, can you?" she gasped. "If I let you take down my panties you would then want to touch and then you would want to have sex with me. It's called the thin edge of the wedge. Get a little and keep building."

"Clever for someone so young, aren't you," I said. "I'll tell you what." I put my fingers on her elbow and turned her towards the tables again, urging her gently forward as I walked back to where I'd been sitting.

"Why don't you lean forward onto this table while I show my appreciation of you?" 

"I said no," she repeated.

"I know you did, but you didn't mean it or you wouldn't have walked back here with me. Now lean forward. You'll find that the window acts like a mirror and you'll be able to watch me taking you."

"This is insane," she muttered. "I shouldn't be doing this."

Maybe she shouldn't, but she leaned over the table anyway, resting on her hands, standing at a slight angle so she could see what I was doing in the windows reflections. I rolled up her tunic, tucking it under the belt. Then I rolled her panties down, finally leaving her exposed.

I stroked her bottom, not rushing to take advantage of her. Nice and easy, letting her get used to the idea. My hands rubbed over her rump, sliding up and down, with my hands dropping lower with each down stroke. Dianne was actually anticipating my touch, and pushing to meet it, when one hand finally slipped under the curve of her bottom and glided softly over her mound.

Now that I was trespassing on even more sensitive flesh I took even more care. My hand gently massaged and squeezed, stroked and teased, bring her passions slowly to life. She was breathing heavily, rubbing herself against my hand long before I slipped a finger between her lips and probed her internally.

From that point things moved a little faster. She was ready for me, willing for me to go further. I eased down my trousers, letting my erection emerge. I was watching Dianne in the window reflections, while she was looking at the reflection of my cock, her eyes wide.

Her breathing sounded a trifle ragged as I moved into position. She gave a gasp and held her breath when my cock pressed firmly against her slit, pushing its way into her. She continued to hold her breath as I drove home, sliding smoothly down her moist passage. I didn't linger over this; she might have passed out from lack of breath. 

I settled neatly into position and Dianne let out her breath with a whoosh and started breathing normally again, albeit a bit harder than previously.

I pulled out and drove back in, Dianne looking at the action in the reflections. She started making little 'ah, ah," sounds as I set up a nice little tempo. These little gasps were quickly interspersed with other comments, such as, "Oh, god," (repeated rapidly) and "I can't believe I'm doing this".

I had trouble believing it myself, but this didn't stop me from making the most of it. Hands on her hips I drove in hard and often, while she pushed back eagerly to meet me. I would have liked to strip off her uniform and seize hold of her breasts, but I suspected being totally nude in the diner would have been a show stopper. Better to take what I could for now and see what happened on future occasions. 

Mind you, what I had right now was something fine. I was driving in hard, enjoying the sensation of her passage wrapped around me, enjoying the look on her face when I drove in, enjoying the little sounds she was making as I took her. 

Slowly but surely we were speeding up. At least, I was speeding up and Dianne was hurrying to match my pace. She was gasping and muttering almost continuously now, with a lot more gasping than muttering. As I watched I saw her eyes close, a dreamy expression on her face as she concentrated on what I was doing to her. 

Much as I would have liked to drag things out my gonads were getting the better of me. I was moving even faster, now, really driving in, ready and willing to spill my load. I couldn't wait any longer and gave an extra hard thrust, gasping as I ejaculated, and kept on ejaculating.

Dianne gave a muffled scream and seemed to just close down around me, taking my cock her prisoner while I came, and I could feel her shivering as her own climax rolled over her.

As I continued down the road I made a mental note to add that diner to my logbook. They served an excellent breakfast and I wouldn't mind dining there again.