 As was our arrangement, I came over for breakfast. Once you got the kids to school and your hubby to work, the morning, not to mention, part of the early afternoon, was ours.

We'd met over a year ago online. Had no idea we lived in the same town, which at first was incredibly weird and a bit scary, given how we met, but also very arousing. I'm a published author of a couple novels, nothing the average reader would know but I'd generated moderate success so far, and that made me happy. I still worked my day job to pay the bills, but as I continued to write, gaining new readers, who knows. Maybe I'd get one of those big book contracts or better yet...a tv show or movie deal.

What most people don't know--family, friends, and fans--was that I loved writing erotica and had published several short stories on various adult sites that catered to that sort of thing. While it didn't pay well, writing smut was a guilty pleasure for me.

Anyway, so I started posting my stories on a free site for erotica fans. The site boasted a bulletin board for various topics where members could post comments, even a thread for fans of amateur erotic pictures. 

One day while logged in, a woman under the member name Elianarose69 messaged me. She was sweet and kind, almost shy at first, as she wrote how much she enjoyed my posted erotica stories. And that was how our relationship began. Later, we discovered that we were practically neighbors. 

Little over a month after we met online, we met for coffee...and left together to go back to her place and fucked each other for lunch. And for several months after that, not every day but at least once a week, except during holidays or the school spring break.

But we'd not had sex in almost two months because the kids had been out for summer break. Both of us were so hungry for the other, so much pent up desire, flames stoked red hot due to messages and emails expressing our mutual, purely sexual hunger. A few times both Eliana and I teased each other with secretly taken, sexually explicit "selfies," which only served to intensify and deepen our needs.

So finally, on this late August day, I donned my usual morning walk attire of sweatpants and T shirt, workout sneakers, and snagged my smartphone on the way out. I hadn't been able to go jogging for years since my left knee got injured after an accident, but still tried brisk walking before the day got too hot, but after my morning coffee and first couple hours of writing got done (of course, my job in sales limited my mornings, since some days I worked nights). This morning I was so excited and aroused to see you, to fuck you and kiss you and taste your sweet wet pussy, to feel your luscious mouth devouring my thick hard cock, I was all but run-walking to the end of my street. 

I turned left and ambled along, suddenly conscious of my half erect cock bulging at the front of my sweatpants. I stopped and feigned looking at my phone while willing my erection down. While many of my neighbors had already left for work, I didn't want the stray passersby to catch my bulge. I managed to accomplish that and continued my walk to your house a few streets over. Thankfully, your house was located on a corner lot at the head of a cul-de-sac. Both the yard of your house and the house behind was shielded by a tall privacy fence. And you always left the gate unlocked. And because of a few trees and shrubbery, no one could see me dash over the grass and through the cracked open gate.

Because of the late summer heat and humidity I was already sweating by the time I darted from the sidewalk to the fence, pushing open the gate and veering left for the side door into the screened in back patio. My cock hardened instantly as I slid open the slider, and stepped inside the cool interior.

The dining room was in front of me, living room to the right with hallway to the bedrooms beyond that, but I saw you right away, in the kitchen. You glanced over at as you were fixing something at the kitchen counter and smiled widely. I returned the smile and strode around the table and chairs to walk into the kitchen. You met me there, arms reaching out as I pulled you into me, our mouths hungrily finding the other. Tongues lashed, lips sucked.

My hands felt your bare back and I pulled away, noticing the cute and short flowered apron tied behind your back...and it was plainly obvious you wore nothing else. My cock swelled under my sweatpants, straining hugely against the worn gray cotton mix. 

"Mmmm, baby...love your breakfast attire," I groaned lustfully. My hands slipped lower to grasp the firm fleshy globes of your fine ass.

"Thought you would," you replied huskily. You hand reached my crotch and squeezed gently. I moaned, squeezing your ass tightly.

"Hungry?"

I slid my hands up slightly and lifted your petite body up to sit you on the end counter. I reached back and yanked off the tied ends of the apron and pulled if off you. My eyes feasted on your taut stomach, perfect-sized breasts and hard erect nipples. You left a small V of trimmed pubic hair, but your labia shaved, which I found incredibly sexy.

I growled low in my throat, my hands lifting your slender, toned legs and spreading your thighs. Leaning down, I replied, "Hungry for your sweet pussy."

You gazed betwern your heaving breasts down your abdomen at me, blues eyes half-lidded with lust. I lowered my face hungrily, lips parted and tongue snaking out and tasted you. Already dripping wet, I licked you from that delicate pink area below your labia, tongue teasingly gliding over the ruffled pinkish red folds, savoring every inch. I probed my eager tongue in deep, wriggling it, then sucking it out to continue up to the swollen nub of your clit. I swirled my tongue there, teasing it, making it pop up harder like a small nipple, then pressed my lips to it and sucked. You moaned, hips writhing, your hands digging into my wavy salt and pepper brown hair. Pushing my face into your sweet musk, I released your clit, now redder and more swollen than before, and sucked your fleshy labia lips into my mouth. 

"Mmmm, baby," you purred. "Love how you eat my pussy!"

My cock by now was so hard it was tent poling the front of my sweatpants, and since I went commando this morning, precum had soaked a spot there the size of a half dollar. I pulled away, my chin and cheeks glistening with your honeyed juices. I slipped down my waistband and popped free my erect cock. You looked down, licking your lips and sat up, reaching with both hands, grasping me, slowly stroking my taut shaft and full heavy shaved balls. Because you loved sucking my cock, I kept my pubic area shaved around the base, leaving an upside down V of tightly curled dark hair above my member.

"God, baby, you're soooo hard, so beautiful," you said in a low, throaty tone. "Want you in my mouth before you fuck me..."

And you slid off the counter to kneel before me, pushing me back a little as your luscious soft lips engulfed my bulbous cockhead, slowly devouring me inch by delicious inch. While I may not have been male porn star huge in length, pretty average, I more than made up for in girth. You moaned around me as you grasped my hips, ass, and deep throated me, and I loved watching you take me this way. Our eyes locked. 

You moved your head, your mouth, back and forth, keeping a tight ring around my base to prevent premature ejaculating, and cupped my balls, occasionally releasing my turgid cock to lick the sensitive underside of the glans, tongue teasing the tip, then licking down the underside to tend my balls. 

God, I was going to cum soon, as you were since I saw you drop your left hand between your legs to rub your pussy. 

I wanted to fuck you, now! It had been months. And I didn't think you'd mind much.

Grabbing your shoulders, I pulled you off my cock, which was slathered with your saliva, and lifted you to your feet, as you grinned wickedly at me. Spun you around and pushed your upper back forward so that you lay on the counter but still standing in front of me. You arched your back, making your deliciously sexy ass the perfect height for me to enter you.

I nudged forward and without even grasping your hips to steady my aim, my cock penetrating you with ease, so drenched and slippery and swollen with aching need. You uttered a sharp exhalation followed by a hissed, "Yesss! Fuck me, baby!"

Moving my hips and ass, I began to pump and piston in and out of you. My cock felt rigid and hard like a meaty spear as I sank in all the way, grinding against you as I reached under to cup your perky, firm boobs, my fingers tugging and tweezing your nipples.

Leaning back up, I clenched your hips, spreading your ass cheeks apart so I could watch, transfixed, at the purely raw primal image of my thick cock slipping between your dripping pussy lips, smoothly gliding in and out. I pumped harder and faster, our flesh making sweaty slapping sounds, your voice accentuating each thrust with high pitched shrieks of pleasure and impending ecstasy. I could feel you quiver and tremble and my balls were so full and heavy with my hot load.

Slamming into you, pounding you, I felt your pussy gush around my throbbing hard cock as you came explosively, screaming out my name and other carnal expressions, and I could no longer hold it back. My cock erupted as I pulled out, grasping and stroking my swollen, vein-threaded thick length, jacking it rapidly as copious ropy threads of cum shot out, arcing up and down to splatter across your ass and back....

After a time I felt totally spent, and reached over to tear off paper towels to clean up the mess I made on you, but you leaned up to kiss me. I tossed the sodden, wadded up mess into the kitchen trashcan. You took my hand and tugged me after you as you left the kitchen.

"Let's take a shower, baby."

____