 The following is a true story. 

My eyes fluttered open and I rolled over to help some of the sensation flow back into my arm, as I had apparently been lying on it for the past few hours. Yawning, I rubbed my tired eyes before peaking past my clenched fist to the body beside me. Stephanie was still fast asleep, her chest gently rising and falling with each breath as her arms cradled her pillow beneath her head. I shifted into a more comfortable position and tried to go back to sleep, but my thoughts kept drifting back to the night before. Steph and I had spent numerous nights together over the previous two years, usually following a drunken night of bar-hopping, but last night things had reached a new level. I wasn't sure if it was the alcohol or her increasing comfort, but she had been getting increasingly adventurous over the course of our time together. 

As the events of the night before ran through my mind I became torn between laying there in my aroused state of half sleep and getting up to relieve the growing pressure in my bladder. A few minutes later, the impending sensation became too much to handle and I was forced to haul myself up out of the bed. As I stood up, the bed shuddered enough to rouse Stephanie from her state of slumber and she began to stir as I left the room. 

After relieving myself I searched through her bathroom cupboards for some toothpaste. In the absence of brush I was forced to use my finger as a makeshift toothbrush. Morning breath would kill any hopes of repeat performance and I was feeling horny enough to require some more intimate companionship before my long drive home. 

With my breath minty fresh, I made my way back to the bedroom just as Steph was getting up. 

"Good morning," she said with a yawn as she stretched her arms out over her head. 

I reciprocated with a smile as I crawled back under the warmth of the blankets. 

"I'm going to have a shower," she said, pulling on a white, fluffy bathrobe. "Care to join me?" 

"Nah," I answered, pulling the covers up over my body. "You go ahead. I'm going to sleep a bit more." 

"Okay," she said, slightly disappointed. 

Stephanie left the room and snuggled back under the covers. For a brief moment I considered surprising her in the shower, but decided against it in favour of a few more minutes of relaxation. I always felt shower sex to be somewhat awkward. 

Again my thoughts drifted back to the night before. I thought about Steph's lithe, slender form writhing underneath me. I thought about my tongue exploring every inch of her body as she moaned in appreciation. I thought about her begging me to slap her ass and pull her hair as I fucked her from behind. I tossed and turned, becoming increasingly aroused as my active mind recounted the previous night's naughty activities. 

I was becoming increasingly curious and was considering snooping through Steph's drawers in hopes of finding some interesting material to satiate my inquisitive mind, when she returned from the shower. 

Drying her wet hair with a towel, she entered the bedroom and began searching through her dresser as I sat up in bed and watched. Steph was about 5'3 with a thin, slender body and smaller than average breasts. She was attractive, although a bit too skinny for my taste. Her hair was blonde, and seemed to change styles every time I saw her. Her facial features were delicate and angular, with bright blue eyes that seemed to constantly sparkle. 

"So do you want to go out for breakfast?" she asked, choosing a pair of black panties from the drawer. 

"Um...yeah sure. I could eat," I answered, watching as she pulled the underwear on before letting the bathrobe fall from her slender shoulders to the floor. 

My eyebrows raised with interest as my gaze fell upon her near-naked body, clothed only in the tiny black pair of panties she had recently adorned. The back of the underwear was fashioned from a sheer material that I found particularly enticing as it hugged her tiny little ass. 

"Mmmm," I moaned in compliment as I sat back and watched her. "Those panties make your ass look soooo good." 

"Oh yeah?" she said, looking back over her shoulder with a sly, playful smile. "I would have worn them last night if I knew you liked them so much." 

Noticed my renewed interest, Stephanie turned and climbed back onto the bed as she swept her wet hair out of her face. She seemed to be pleasantly surprised since I usually showed little interest in morning sex. The morning-after awkwardness combined with an uncomfortable hangover generally minimized my libido enough to send me on my way. 

"Although...," she continued with sexy grin as she crept towards me. "You seemed to like my ass just fine last night anyways." 

I smiled in agreement as Steph pulled the covers off my legs and crawled onto my body, straddling my leg between hers as she pressed her lips to mine. As I felt the warmth of her smooth, freshly showered body against me, I opened my mouth to accept her anxious tongue as my hands slipped down the sides of her slender torso. Feeling the muscles rippling in her lower back as she writhed against me, my hands drifted easily down over the barely existent curves of her hips to grasp her tiny ass with satisfied delight. As she felt my eager hands grasping her pert little cheeks, she broke the kiss, smiling down at me through the strands of hanging, wet blonde hair. 

"Geez," she teased before adding another peck with her soft, thin lips. "You just can't get enough of my ass huh?" 

"Hey," I replied with a shrug. "It's your fault for turning me on by wearing those sexy little panties." 

"Oh so you're turned on?" she added with mock surprise. "Does that mean we might actually have day-time sex? We've never actually done that before." 

It was true. Not only had we only had sex at night, but we had never actually been sober for any of our late night sessions either. 

"No we haven't," I agreed, my fingers gliding over the silky smooth fabric comprising the back of her underwear. "Is that too...naughty for you?" 

"After last night?" Steph blurted back with raised eyebrows. "I think I can handle anything." 

I let out a laugh as I rolled halfway over, sliding my leg out from between hers. Stephanie slipped into a comfortable prone position and propped her head up with her arm, biting her lips as she eyed me with an anticipatory stare. 

"You were...pretty wild last night," I said softly as my eyes roamed her body, following my fingers as they grazed over the subtle dip in her back. 

Steph rolled her eyes as her mouth curled up into an embarrassed smirk and she clamped her hand over her eyes to hide her abashed expression. 

"Yeah...," she began as her face began to blush red. "I know." 

Revelling in her discomfort, I smiled and leaned over kiss the center of her back, sending an amorous shiver down her spine. 

"No need to be embarrassed," I assured, as my mouth trailed down her back, gently peppering her naked skin with soft, lingering kisses. "It was hot." 

"Mmmmm," she purred, resting her head down on the bed into a more comfortable position. "It was sooo hot." 

"Yeah?" I asked, inspecting her body as I stroked my hand over the soft flesh of her diminutive ass cheek. "What did you like best?" 

"Mmmmm, I liked it all." 

I lowered my head to plant a kiss on her hip as I eyed her ass through the transparent material with growing lust. 

"I really liked..."she began before pausing with reluctance. 

I kissed lower, my lips following the hemline of her panties as they hugged the smooth, fair skin of her backside. 

"...when you took control." 

I smiled. 

"Yeah?" I uttered, encouraging her to continue as my lips grazed gingerly over the sheer, black fabric. "You liked that?" 

"Uh huh," she gasped as she felt my hot breath penetrating the thin material as I pushed my face into her ass. 

Nestling my face between her soft little cheeks, my lips pawed with futility at her sensitive asshole through the meager fabric, gradually moistening it with saliva from my yearning mouth. Stephanie let out a pleasurable squeak, and arched her back, pushing her tiny butt up into my busy lips as I reached under to stroke a couple fingers over her gradually dampening mound. Steph had originally been quite apprehensive when it came to anal play, but she always responded to my tongue, growing more and more accepting of my kinky advances with each night we spent together. 

Unable to restrain herself any longer, Steph reached down and struggled to push her panties down over her hips. I smiled at her enthusiasm as I watched the light, black fabric slip down over her pale, white cheeks as she wiggled underneath me. 

"Mmmm," I moaned softly as I eyed my prize with renewed anticipation. 

Feeling the subtle warmth emanating from between her legs, I teased her with flickering lashes of my tongue, beginning at her tailbone and working my way down her enticing little cleft. As my hungry lips delved deeper between her parting cheeks I wriggled a finger between the soft, moist folds of her pussy, teasing her hot little opening with gentle strokes. 

"Uhhhh," she panted, as she felt my pursed lips caressing her tiny virgin asshole in a tender, lustful kiss. 

The sounds of arousal escaping from her moaning lips encouraged me further and slowly slipped my finger inside her as my tongue danced along her little pink star, painting it with dabs of wetness from my salivating mouth. As I slipped in up to the knuckle in her wet little pussy, her asshole clenched reflexively as if to taut my exploring tongue with subtle muscular contractions. After thoroughly wetting her irresistible little hole, I began treating her to successive stabs of my nimble tongue as her tiny pink ring winked with pleasure at each touch. 

"Roll over," I ordered, slipping my glistening wet fingers from her tight little pussy . 

Obediently, Steph flipped onto her back, her face now flushed with desire as she kicked her panties away and spread her legs in erotic invitation. I removed my underwear as well, my eager cock springing free with anticipation as I moved into position. Wetting my fingers once again with the juices of her arousal, I coated my throbbing shaft with the slippery fluids in preparation. Then, after adding some of my own saliva for good measure, I worked my dick up into a glistening sheen before guiding it towards her waiting hole. 

Now at the risk of sounding crude, Stephanie had, without a doubt, the tightest pussy I had ever experienced. I wasn't sure if it was due to her incredibly skinny hips or simply in relation to her petite figure, but it was like nothing I had ever felt. I was actually pretty sure that if my dick had been any larger than average size, I wouldn't even have been able to get it in at all. 

"Mmmmm," she cooed as she felt her dewy lips part and spread around the swollen head of my invading cock. 

Immediately, I felt the vice-like grip of her pussy gripping the sides of my shaft as I worked it in with short, eager strokes. With each inch I descended, I was forced to pull back half that distance before pressing forward once again. After a few more excruciating thrusts, I found myself firmly planted within the clutching confines of her impossibly tight hole. 

"Just so you know," I said softly as I lowered my face to hers. "I probably won't be able to go as long as I did last night." 

Steph blurted out in a brief, humorous giggle at my remark. 

"Okay," she responded, her mouth still smiling with amusement. "I'm still a little sore from last night anyways." 

I returned her smile with one of my own before pressing my lips to hers as I began to slowly grind my hips into hers. My tongue penetrated her small but inviting mouth and my dick penetrated her body as she wrapped her legs around my waist with encouragement. I could feel her nipples grow hard with arousal as they pressed into my bare chest as my body slid over hers. With each stroke, I increased the depth of my plunging until I had worked into a comfortably rhythmic series of thrusts as Steph moaned blissfully underneath me. 

"Mmmmm, God I love fucking you," I moaned into her ear before biting softly into the tender flesh of her neck. 

Stephanie purred in response as her nails slid down my back, scratching lightly along my exposed skin. As I raised myself up off of her she just stared up into my eyes with an expression of increasingly lustful passion. Harder and harder, I drove my hips into hers, causing her lithe, slender body to shift violently under the force of my thrusts. Almost losing myself in the inexplicable sensation of her gripping wet pussy, I closed my eyes with pleasure in an attempt to prevent myself from reaching a point of no return. As I slowed to a gentle grind, I paused to relish in the feeling of my throbbing cock pulsing within her hot little hole. 

Pulling her body up to mine, I cradled her back with my arms as I sat back bringing her to rest atop my lying body. Stephanie smiled down at me as she wiggled her hips, my turgid dick still firmly ensconced in her tightly gripping pussy. Although the new position was not my favourite, it allowed me time to recover while providing her with the easiest means of reaching her own orgasm. 

Gripping her soft little ass cheeks with both hands, I guided her hips back and forth on my pole as she braced herself against my chest with outstretched arms. Raising my knees, I lifted my hips in an upward thrust as she writhed pleasurably atop my throbbing cock. Gradually, the movements of her hips increased in pace as she ground her clit into my pelvis with increasing desperation. I pulled her body down to mine, her damp hair hanging around my face as I held her body in place to meet the upward thrusting of my cock. Urging her to cum, I pressed a fingertip against her asshole as I whispered filthy comments in her ear. Her movements grew increasingly erratic as she bucked against me, working my dick like a joystick inside her tightly grasping cunt. She then bit her lip and let out an audible squeal as her body shuddered and twitched. I knew she was cumming, although Steph barely made any noise at all when reaching climax. I held her tightly with my cock deeply buried in her wet little pussy as my finger massaged her pulsing asshole with tender, circular motions. 

A look of relaxation and relief washed over her face as she raised her torso, now damp with perspiration, up from my heaving chest. She smiled contentedly and exhaled as she pushed her tangled hair out of her face before gazing down at me with renewed expression of salacious intent. 

"You know what I want now?" she asked, her body rocking gently against mine. 

"What?" 

Stephanie leaned back down and placed her mouth at my ear, breathing a tantalizing breath of warmth as she spoke. 

"I want you to put me on my hands and knees and fuck me like you did last night." 

As those alluring words left her panting lips, I felt my cock swell with elation and I smiled with delight at the suggestion. 

"Do you want to do that?" she asked, staring down into my eyes. 

"Yes." 

"Good," she said softly as she proceeded to slide her gripping wet pussy up my shaft and dismounted my body. 

As I scrambled up into a kneeling position, Steph presented herself to me on her hands and knees in a submissive, provocative pose. My cock still slick from her little wet hole, I gripped my shaft around the base as I moved closer, gazing down at her slender body with admiration. Feeling her moist, succulent lips sliding back over my dick as I pushed forward, I watched my length slowly vanish into her tight little body once more. 

"Oh my god," I exclaimed as her pussy gripped me like a vice, resisting every movement as if trying to tempt the cum from my aching balls. 

As pleasurable as the sensation was, I knew I would not be able to last long. 

"I love fucking you like this," I gasped, clutching her tiny hips as I slipped inside her. 

"Mmmmm, I know you do," she purred in response, reaching under to caress my balls as I butted up against her ass. "I know you like seeing me bent over like this." 

I moaned in agreement as I began sliding easily in and out, her tightly gripping pussy massaging my thrusting shaft with every pass. As I built up speed, Stephanie closed her eyes in ecstasy as she revelled in the sensation of my cock filling her from behind. 

"And you like getting fucked like this too, don't you?" I asked, growing more aroused by the second. 

"Yes," she gasped emphatically, urging me to continue. "I fucking love it! I love it when you fuck me like a dirty little..." 

I awaited the rest of her response, enticed by the prospect of more dirty talk as I fucked her with short, quick strokes. 

"A dirty little what?" I asked, prompting her to continue with a light slap on the ass. 

"Ohhhh," she moaned in response to my increasing roughness. "A...dirty...little...," 

'SLAP' 

Again my hand struck her tender flesh, this time with substantial force. 

"...sssslut," she hissed, growing bolder in her response with each passing seconds. 

"Yeah?" I asked, using my thumb to massage her tiny pink asshole as I continued sawing my cock in and out. "You like when I fuck you like a dirty little slut?" 

"Yes!" 

"Is that what you felt like last night?" 

"Yes," she moaned again, pushing her ass back against me as her hot little hole swallowed up my shaft to the base. "I felt like such a dirty little fucking whore." 

I pressed on, fucking her with harder thrusts as her tiny body jerked with every strike. Her delicate hand remained active between my legs, caressing and squeezing my balls as I wetted my thumb and placed it back at her ass. 

"Spank my ass!" Steph blurted out with a lustful gasp. 

Complying with her masochistic demands, I struck her tiny ass with two more sharp slaps as she moaned with gratitude. Seeing her pale white flesh blush a warm shade of red, I smiled and slammed into her hard as I held her in place by her shoulders. 

"Fuck yesssss," she panted, tossing her head back with pleasure. "Pull my hair." 

Again happy to oblige, I reached out to slide my fingers through the tangled, damp strands of her honey blonde hair before closing my fist and twisting forcefully to pull her head back with an authoritarian yank. Stephanie moaned with approval as my dick slammed into her wanton pussy with spirited, sexual fervour. Each ferocious thrust drove her hips into the bed as her body gradually flattened under my unrelenting assault. Reaching back with both hands, she gripped her tight little cheeks and pulled her ass wide as I stared down with lurid desire. 

I wasn't sure why she spread her ass, but the erotic visual was enough to send me over the edge. Holding her hair tightly, I plunged into her sweltering pussy a few more times before withdrawing frantically as I stroked my shaft with a fury of blurring strokes. Continuing to hold her cheeks splayed shamelessly, Steph purred as she felt the spattering of hot cum splashing across her exposed backside. I groaned as my creamy white juices spurted forth onto and between her cheeks, streaming down to collect around her tiny, winking asshole as it clenched under the thin layer of jism. 

Stephanie let out one more long, purring moan of contentment as I slumped back in exhaustion, staring with amazement at her prone, cum-covered body. 

"Okay," I said after a few more moments of voyeuristic gratification as I gave her a playful slap on the ass. "Let's eat." 

The End