 Towards the end of summer, Claire and I took one last vacation. A lot of my family lives in Michigan, and the last time we visited Claire really enjoyed being up there. We figured it was an easy vacation to plan and we could save money by staying with relatives at certain points. However, we couldn't every night. For a few nights we had booked hotels, but for one night Claire insisted we try a bed and breakfast she had found. I was skeptical, but agreed. I always feel bad taking long trips though because I have a real anxiety of driving, and Claire always ends up driving the whole way. She almost never complains, and it is just one of the many reasons I love her. So, of course, I agreed.

After a long day of driving, we arrive a little after six. She immediately says that it looked nicer in the pictures and my skepticism increases. We ring the doorbell like the note on the door says and an old lady who smells like smoke comes and greets us. Stepping inside it also smells like smoke and I know Claire is going to be mad about that. I just hope our room doesn't smell like smoke for her sake. The doddering old lady has us sign in and then fetches her husband, an equally old man who could hardly hear. He shows us to our room and thankfully it does not smell like smoke.

The room is nice enough and decorated with a sort of antique aesthetic that I imaging all bed and breakfasts have. It has dust on the shelves and the copies of worthless old books are covered in dust as well. I even notice a few cobwebs in places which immediately makes me uncomfortable. Claire had promised we would have our own bathroom, but we don't. She apologizes for that, and I can tell she genuinely thought we would. We investigate a little bit longer and then decide to go out to eat. As we are leaving, Claire makes a discovery.

"These doors don't lock," she says.

"Sure they do," I say and take a look at them. I turn the knob this way and that and push it in. None of the conventional means for locking seem to work. "I guess you're right."

"I'm sorry for making you do this," she says and gives me an apologetic look.

"It's fine. We'll just never have to do it again," I say and smile at her.

We leave our suitcases adhering to the strong defense of hope that no one will mess with them. We haven't seen anyone else there and there weren't any other cars. However, my hopes are quickly dashed when I see another couple checking in as we head downstairs. The old man is telling them about a cocktail hour later in the evening. Luckily he doesn't address us as we leave.

"Do we have to go to that cocktail thing?" I ask Claire when we get into the car.

"Not if you don't want to."

"That means you want me to."

"We'll see," she says and starts to pull out before we've even decided on a destination.

After some searching on my phone and a little disagreement about directions, we decide on a local brewery. The fish I have is good even if the portion was too big for me to eat it all. Claire doesn't order anything to drink, but since we're at a brewery I do. I get their darkest beer. It's a little bitter, but still good. The alcohol content must be high in it because I get a gentle buzz after just one. I don't get drunk so I don't get another one when the waiter asks even though the alcohol I've already had is telling me to. We settle the bill and laugh as I'm handed the bill and I hand it right to Claire.

When we return to the bed and breakfast, there are several more cars parked there and it seems like it is at least half full. The old man is walking around with a small dog under his arm when we walk in. He greets us and has completely forgotten that we've already checked in and been to our room. Once we tell him for the third time, he understands and invites us to the cocktail hour at eight. Claire thanks him in a way that makes me think I'm going to have to go.

"Do we really have to go?" I ask when we get back to our room. I sit down on the bed cautiously waiting for a nest of spiders to emerge and eat me.

"I'd like to," she says. "It's part of the experience. Once we've done it, we never have to go back to another one of these again."

I just grunt loudly in defeat.

"Oh," she says in her promiscuous tone. "Want to make that sound again?" She walks over to the bed and plants a big kiss on my lips.

I break away and say, "I'll go but only under one condition."

"What's that?" she says, leaning over in front of me so I can see down her shirt at her tan cleavage causing my dick to twinge.

"You suck my dick right now," I say not tearing my eyes away from her boobs.

"Normally, I'm the one who tries to bribe you, and it doesn't work," she stands back up straight, but rubs her hand over my crotch as she does it.

"It must be the beer," I say.

"Well if that's what it takes," she says as if she is reluctant, but I can see from the gleam in her eye that she loves me asking.

She pulls her shirt over her head. I stand up and wrap my arms around her hugging her to me. With just a little difficulty I undo her red bra and let it slip to the floor. She works her hands down my body squeezing my ass before rubbing my crotch once more. Then she undoes my belt while I take my shirt off. She starts to climb onto the bed, but I grab her by the wrist. She stops and looks at me slightly confused. I gently push her down so that she's on her knees and she gets the idea. She's so fucking sexy when she's on her knees and she looks up at me with her green eyes and my hard cock in her mouth. She plays with my balls while she runs her tongue up and down the underside of my shaft. I've been getting steadily harder since the first view of her cleavage and now my dick is twitching with anticipation. She sucks on my balls for just a moment, long enough to send waves of pleasure through me but not so long that it is overwhelming. She pulls away and smiles up at me.

"You're fucking hot," I say.

She grins at me and says, "I love your hard cock. I love sucking on it."

She licks her lips, but grabs me with her hand. She pumps my dick as if she's making sure it is hard and fully loaded. She squeezes the head and precum oozes out. She spreads it around the head of my cock so that it glistens. She teases me just a moment longer before wrapping her sexy lips around my shaft. She bobs her head up and down sometimes pausing with my whole length in her mouth. I groan with pleasure as she sucks me off. She swirls her tongue over my engorged head and licks up the precum. She places her hands on my ass and squeezes them as her mouth slides up and down my pulsating cock.

I feel myself getting closer and I decide a blowjob isn't enough. No matter how cute she looks with my cum dripping down her pretty face, what I really want is to plunge my quivering cock into her tight, wet pussy. I tell her to stop and she looks up at me with concern and my dick still halfway in her mouth. I step back and sit down on the bed pulling her up with me. I kiss her and our tongues meet. We roll onto the bed and make out a little bit more. While she's on top of me I start to pull on her pants to tell her to take them off. She hops off the bed and pulls them down revealing a pair of sexy green panties. These too come off and she gets back into bed.

"I want you to ride me," I say.

In response, she straddles me and plunges my hard cock into her hungry pussy. She grinds against me for just a moment with my full length inside of her. I know I won't last long from the blowjob and how fantastic she feels.

"Fuck me," I tell her. "I want to see those big, gorgeous tits bounce as you ride me."

"I love it when you talk dirty like that," she tells me and begins to ride up and down on my throbbing cock.

She pauses for a moment and pushes down hard against my hips as if trying to push my dick as far into her as it'll go. She puts her hands on my chest and leans forward. She works her ass up and down as she pumps my cock with her pussy. She moans and her head drops to my chest. I can see passed her shoulder and there's a mirror on the other side of the room. One of those old looking full-length floor mirrors. It's my turn to moan as I see her thick ass bouncing up and down as she rides me. I don't get to admire the view for long though because she sits back up and stops riding me for just a moment.

She puts her hands on my chest again and sits up so she isn't on her knees and is instead just squatting on the bed. She puts one hand behind her to steady herself and then really starts to fuck me. She moves up and down my hard cock and I can hear her pussy's wetness with each movement. Her tits bounce up and down like I've never seen before. I faintly realize how much the bed is squeaking, but I don't take notice as I start to feel the wave of orgasm wash over me.

"Oh fuck," I say.

Claire just moans and fucks me harder and faster. Each time she drops down on my hard cock I get closer and closer. Until finally, I can't hold it in any longer and I feel my cum shooting into her waiting pussy. I shudder with each burst and she keeps riding me just as hard. Right before I feel like I'm about to start completely convulsing she slows down and stops.

"Fuck," I say again.

"That good?" she asks and moves off from straddling me. As she does, my dick flops to my belly limply, and I can see some of my cum already starting to drip out of her pussy.

I nod and stare at her creamy pussy until she moves away to clean herself up in the bathroom. I look around for a tissue and finally find one. I'm pretty sure one or both of us has probably dripped cum in the room, but there's no way to know. I clean myself up and am putting my clothes back on when she comes back into the room.

"We don't have to go to the cocktail thing," she says.

"No, we can. I owe you for that fantastic fucking."

"Okay," she says and my hope for her insisting we don't have to dies. "We need to go like right now."

We rush getting ready and leave our room. Down the hall is a sitting room and, and I see three other couples in there as I walk in. One of them, a man and woman in their fifties at least stare at us. On the table are some bluish looking drinks, and Claire and I politely grab one each. I sip mine and it is way too strong with vodka. It is almost certainly too strong for Claire, but she takes a healthy swig of it. One of the couples is young like us and we slowly find ourselves talking to them. They're newlyweds just starting out on the honeymoon. They're surprised that we've been married a few years already. Most people are age have been getting married at older and older ages. I let Claire do most of the talking and simply observe. I can't help but notice the older man staring at us intently when he thinks no one is watching.

At some point Claire exchanges the full drink in my hand with the empty one in hers. She doesn't normally drink like this, but I guess she must like the taste. She's not exactly a chugger. The third couple leaves and soon after does the older couple. The younger couple we've been talking to excuses themselves a little to shyly and I'm pretty sure they're headed to do what we just did. I look at my phone and am surprised that an hour has gone by. Claire sits down and I wait for her to finish the drink. The old man comes in to clean up as we leave and he bids us goodnight.

"That older couple kept staring at us," I say when we get back to our room.

"I noticed that too. I was wondering if you did."

"I wonder why?"

"Think they might be in the room next to us?" she asks.

"What do you mean?" I ask back before realizing what she was saying. "Do you think we were too loud?"

"Who cares?" she says and sits down on the bed. Drinking both of our drinks has clearly gotten her tipsy if not drunk with as stiff as they were.

I sit down next to her and start to take off my shoes. She puts her hand on my crouch and squeezes. My dick twtiches a little bit at the attention.

"I think we can be louder this time," she says and pulls my mouth toward hers before I've even got my second shoe off. 

I can smell and taste the vodka on her lips. I break away from the kiss and go back to taking my other shoe off. She takes her clothes off and starts to pull mine off as well. However, she struggles with it and I help her out by taking them off myself. She lays back on the bed and spreads her legs open and up in the air. She reaches down and spreads her pussy for me just like she knows I like when we take naughty pictures. My dick snaps to complete attention.

"Fuck me, Jake," she says. "Make me scream your name so loud everyone hears."

I personally hope she doesn't scream quite that loud, but the thought of it certainly gets me going and I climb onto the bed to join her. I kiss her as I rub the head of my cock against her still spread pussy lips. My precum and her wetness intermingle. I'm just about to plunge my dick into her when she grabs it.

"Wait," she says.

"What?" I ask not sure if she's changed her mind or something.

"I want you to blindfold me," she says.

"With what?"

"Figure it out," she says and pushes me off her.

I look around in our suitcases for something that would work. I'd use a tie but I don't wear ties. I hear the wet noises of her rubbing her clit and look over to the bed to confirm. She has one hand pinching a nipple while the other one rubs her pussy quickly. She's softly moaning. I remember that I have a handkerchief in my backpack and take it out. I roll it up and walk back to the bed.

"About time," she says and sits up.

I tie the blindfold around her and she moans a little bit more as she continues to play with herself. I step back and watch her for a minute, before she starts moving her head around like she's trying to tell what I'm doing. I get on the bed with her and pull her hands from her pussy. I place them in my mouth one by one and lick her juices off. Then I kiss her so that she can taste herself on me. She grabs my dick and jerks it a few times as we kiss.

Then, I guide her so she is laying down. I kiss all over her body and her thighs. I suck on her nipples and she squeezes my ass as I do. I tease her pussy by rubbing and stroking all the way around it. The hair is short from when she cut it last and still fairly soft. I silently adjust myself so I'm now over her torso. I rub my cock between her breasts and she squeezes them together. I fuck her tits for just a moment, but without lube it gets a little uncomfortable. On my last thrust I purposefully thrust to hard so that the head of my dick brushes her lips. I push it farther forward and she licks my head and sucks on it for just a moment.

"I don't think we're being loud enough," I tell her and she whimpers with excitement.

I get off the bed and swing her around to the side so I can fuck her standing up. She grabs my dick before I'm even completely ready and pushes it past her pussy lips. I grab her ankles and left her legs up and slowly begin to thrust in and out of her.

"Spread your beautiful pussy for me," I tell her and she obliges. "Good. I want to see my hard cock ramming into you."

I pick up the pass and the bed starts to creak loudly. Claire begins to moan louder. I let go of one of her legs and wrap my arms around the other one so she's lifted a bit onto her side. I pound her pussy like this until I feel my balls tighten. I slow down and then pull out.

"I'm going to fuck you from behind," I tell her.

So she gets on her knees on the bed and I kneel behind her. She reaches between her legs and guides me into her waiting pussy. I slap her ass a few times and she moans even louder. I put my hands on her hips and slowly ease my cock in and out of her teasing her. I pull out almost all the way and then slam my hips forward ramming my cock deep into her tight pussy. This time her moan is more like a scream and the headboard rattles against the wall. I grab her wrists and pull them behind her half-lifting her off the bed.

"Tell them my name," I say and begin to pound her from behind.

Each time my cock drives forward she says fuck. Each time she says fuck she says it louder. I can hear my balls slapping as I thrust in and out of her as hard and fast as I can.

"Fuck me, Jake," she says.

My hard cock slides in and out of her dripping pussy.

"Fuck me, Jake," she says louder.

I slow down and give her big thrusts that rock her whole body and the bed.

"Oh, Jake," she screams. "Oh, Jake, Jake, Jake."

As she crescendos, I approach orgasm and for the second time that night. I spray my cum in her. Not wanting it to end I keep thrusting in and out even after I've come down from my orgasm. Until finally, she sags down and I slip out. She starts to take off the blindfold, but I grab her hand. She waits while I spread her pussy from behind and view my handiwork. Her lips glisten with my warm cum dripping down them and I wish I could take a picture of it. Then I let her take the blindfold off.

"That was fantastic," she says when she comes back from cleaning up.

"It was a little weird at first with the blindfold, but I think I got into it."

"You got into something," she says and laughs. "You were a little bit more aggressive."

"I know you like that sometimes."

"I do," she says and she seems to have sobered up a bit.

We talk a little bit longer as we cuddle in bed wondering if people really did hear us. I assure her we did. We agree that it is simultaneously a little embarrassing because we'll see them at breakfast tomorrow and also really fucking hot knowing they heard us. We drift off to sleep and in the morning we pack our stuff up before heading down to breakfast.

Since I'm a picky eater there was nothing for me to eat at breakfast, but I'd long ago perfected the art of making it look like I'd ate more than I had. Claire talks mostly to the young couple again and I interject here and there. I notice the older couple both starting at us. When I catch the man's eyes, he looks away. Once breakfast is over we head back up to our room and grab our suitcases. Outside, I start to load up the car while Claire wanders off to take pictures of The Manor to commemorate the visit. The man from the couple who keeps starting at us is out there too and I'm a little anxious when he walks over.

"Nice morning," he says and hands me the last suitcase on the ground.

I slip it into the trunk before saying, "Thanks. I guess it is." I close the trunk and stand there awkwardly.

"No, thank you," he says after a brief silence.

"I'm not sure I know what for, but you're welcome," I say and turn so that I'm actually facing him.

"For all that racket you made last night," he says dropping his voice.

I'm fairly sure he's going to yell at me for keeping him up, but he doesn't.

"You see, my wife and I were in...a bit of a dry spell and hearing you two go at it like that, well, it got the blood flowing."

I just nod with no idea what to say.

"Sounded like you had a lot of fun and we did too even if it wasn't as loud," he says.

"Glad we could help," I manage to say.

"I know this is a little weird, but it means a lot to us. Sorry for staring at you so much," he says and then hesitates before pulling a card out of his pocket. "Here's my business card. If there's anything I can ever do for you just let me know."

"Thanks," I say not really knowing what to say.

He reaches his hand out to shake and I grab his hand still flabbergasted. He goes back to his car and gets it and starts it. He and his wife are pulling out of the driveway when Claire returns. She asks me what it was all about. I tell her and I think she finds pride in it more than being embarrassed like me. As we drive down the road, I twirl the card in my hand. The man apparently works for a small publishing company. Although I teach college English, both of my degrees are in creative writing. I may have just fucked Claire hard enough that I got a way into getting work published.