 Jenna-Lynn tried to sit up but that caused the room to spin in crazy circles. At least she wasn't nauseous.

"Ugh," she groaned. Memories of last nights drink-fest came flooding back to her. She staggered into the bathroom holding her aching head. She wanted to go back to bed for a week but knew her friends were downstairs waiting for her. Grabbing a fresh towel off of the shelf in the corner, she examined the shower knob trying to figure out how to make warm water spray out. After a couple of mis attempts, she got the result she wanted and, not giving a shit, sat in the tub and closed the curtain. She sat there for a while letting the water run down her head and body. Finally, she got the energy to wash her hair and body, not bothering to shave. After rinsing her hair, she sat there hoping someone would appear and drag her out of the tub. Suddenly, she heard a male voice call out, "Jenna-Lynn?" then a knock at the bathroom door.

"Yeah," Jenna-Lynn tried to yell.

"You okay?" the voice asked.

"Uh-huh."

"Need any help?"

"Don't care."

"Are you decent?" the voice she finally recognized as Aaron's asked.

"Um, I'm in the shower. What do you think?"

"Okay, you got me there," he said opening the door. "Feeling the affects of last night?"

"Yup."

"You gonna stay in there all day?"

"Yup."

"Alright. Let's go," Aaron ordered.

"You gonna make me?" Jenna-Lynn asked.

"Well, I've already seen you naked once. What's a second time going to hurt?"

"You really don't expect me to answer that do you?" Jenna-Lynn inquired.

"I'm coming in like it or not," Aaron stated.

"Oh, no. The horror!" Jenna-Lynn teased.

Pulling back the white shower curtain, Aaron peered down at Jenna-Lynn sitting in the tub. Her knees were pulled up to her chest, her arms wrapped around her shins. Her head was down on top of her knees, her hair flattened around her shoulders from the water beating down on her.

"Good morning!" he sneered cheerfully.

Not lifting her head, Jenna-Lynn scooted around so her back was to the shower nozzle and tilted her head back allowing the water to smooth her hair back. She wiped the drops from her face and looked at him with a sarcastic grin.

"Morning," she grumbled.

Aaron shut off the water and grabbed the towel Jenna-Lynn had laid by the sink. He reached his hand out to her. She put her hand in his and allowed him to slowly pull her up so she was standing in front of him.

"God, you're even beautiful hung-over," Aaron complimented. 

"And you're even sexy when I'm sober," Jenna-Lynn retorted.

She took the towel from him and wrapped it around her. Then she removed it realizing it might be smarter to actually dry herself off first. Aaron laughed and waited patiently for her to cover up with the towel again. He helped her out of the tub and out of the bathroom. She walked as far as the bed and collapsed.

"Feel any better?" he asked.

"Much, now that you're here," Jenna-Lynn answered. She reached out for his hand. He placed his warm, strong hand in her small, delicate one and pulled thinking she wanted help up. He was surprised when he felt her pull against him.

"Come here'" she whispered, grateful she brushed her teeth before she got into the bathtub.

Aaron crawled onto the mattress and laid next to her. "You need to get dressed," he said placing a delicate kiss on her soft pouting lips.

"You have too many clothes on," she said returning his kiss.

She pulled at his shirt until he yanked it over his head. She ran her hand over his broad chest and rock hard abs. His body was beautiful. She loved looking at him, touching him, kissing him. She nibbled gently on his bottom lip, flicking her tongue at the corners of his sensuous mouth. She teased him, drawing back each time his tongue searched longingly for hers. She opened slowly for him, nudging his lips apart with her tongue. Fire hit her loins in anticipation of his heated spear meeting hers. His kisses were tantalizing, filling, perfect. If this was all she could ever have of him, she would be satisfied. No one had yet filled her yearning for the kisses she so loved to receive until now. But at this moment she could have more. Much more. Their kisses remained passionate. He was a considerate lover. Presenting her with the sumptuous kisses he had quickly discovered she adored. Jenna-Lynn held Aaron's face in her hands gently caressing his freshly shaven skin. He smelled of Irish Spring soap and a delicious masculine-scented after shave. She ran her fingers through his jet black hair drawing him closer, deepening her kisses. He met her urgency eagerly, satisfying her sweet hunger for him.

Jenna-Lynn pushed her breasts bound in the soft white towel into Aaron's hard chest, divulging her need for more. Continuing his majestic kisses, he traced a finger from her cheek, down her neck, across her collarbone, settling on he top of the thin barrier separating his bare skin from hers. He slowly released her heaving breasts from the confines of the tightly wrapped towel. He placed one of his large hands in between her breasts anticipating the sight of those sweet mounds. He swept his hand over one breast pushing the towel aside, repeating the motion across the other breast. Gazing down at them as if they were an original sculpture, he simply said, "Beautiful."

Jenna-Lynn blushed, blinked her lashes flirtingly and tilted her head down. She picked up one of his hands and laced her fingers in his. She placed a feather-light kiss on the top of each digit then released them. She guided the back of his hand to the outer side of her right breast, rubbing it against her silky soft skin. "Now you know all you need to about me," she breathed.

Aaron continued lightly caressing what he now knew was her favorite spot watching as Jenna-Lynn closed her eyes and took deep satisfying breaths. The look on her face was angelic, almost trance-like the more he caressed. Curious, he replaced his hand with soft, breathy kisses all over the small sensual area. Hearing a satisfied sigh emerge from her lips, he continued kissing her aroused breasts. Becoming a bit daring, he added small flicks on his tongue with each kiss. Another sigh told him he was still on the right path. He leaned on his elbow so he could kiss her right breast and began caressing her left one. Her pink nipples were standing at attention as if begging to be sucked. He placed a trail of kisses from her outer breast, underneath, towards the inside and stopped at the top. That erect, pink nub was too irresistible to his tongue. He flicked at it, a gasp arising from her throat.

Oh, the feel of his lips, his tongue, oh, God, now his teeth! She was close to the edge and he was still above her belly! Teeth were gently scraping her nipple, delicately, deliciously. Fire shot through her body, quickening her already rapid pulse. The gentle nibbling became light sucking. The warmth of his wet mouth surrounded the top of her breast. Erotic tingling sensations continued to spread from her left breast, his fingers like a touch of heaven. Moisture pooled between her legs, her hips began pulsing lightly. She could feel light eruptions emerging from deep within her. His tongue circled around her nipple as he continued sucking, oh, sweet hallelujah, she was going to cum! She didn't try to control her moans as he sucked harder, his right hand moved over the top of her left breast and squeezed. Her nipple poked between two of his fingers and he squeezed it, sending her over the edge. She grabbed his arm as the light waves of her orgasm rolled through her body. 

Aaron lifted his head and smiled up at Jenna-Lynn. "Well, that was a first for me," he said, never having made a woman cum simply by giving full attention to her breasts.

"Me, too," Jenna-Lynn admitted, not knowing what she had just experienced was possible.

She tugged on Aaron wanting more of his kisses. Those she could never have enough of.

"Do you think anyone is suspicious?" he asked between kisses.

"No, they know I'm hung-over and that I'm not a morning person. Plus, I'm a female. We're supposed to take a long time getting ready."

"You're a female?" he joked.

"Oh, yeah. Want me to show you?"

Forgetting about her aching head, Jenna-Lynn got off of the bed, leaned over Aaron and unfastened his shorts. She pulled them off and threw them in a heap on the floor next to his shirt.

"Mmmmm, going commando today, huh?" she teased climbing onto the edge of the bed. She kissed the inside of his ankle, continuing a trail up to his inner thigh, brushing her breasts against his leg. The big cock she had enjoyed in the wee hours of the morning was standing at attention inches from her mouth.  First, there was a delicious pair of balls that she wanted to tend to. Beginning with soft kisses, she gave her full attention to his sensitive sack. She licked them like she was liking her favorite ice cream cone, slow, savoring each touch of her tongue on his skin. She slid along the underbelly of his penis. He moaned as her thick, flat tongue moved up and down his impressive length. The head was next on her list for satisfying him. Licking the tip, then closing her lips just under the ridge brought a louder moan from him. She flicked her tongue on the underside of the ridge tasting the small drops of his delicious pre-cum.

Aaron pulled Jenna-Lynn up towards him.  He longed to be inside of her warm, soft pussy. Her kisses were sensual as she made a trail from his dick to his stomach, up his chest where she stopped to suck each of his nipples. She grazed her tongue along his collarbone, to his neck, up his cheek settling on his waiting lips. He looked up into her gorgeous hazel eyes as he felt her straddle his pelvis. She raised herself up and positioned her waiting pussy over his throbbing cock. Slowly, she lowered herself. He felt the head slide past her dripping folds, sliding deeper into her honeyed, wet hole. God, he felt good as she enveloped him deep within her depths. She was smiling at him as she devoured him completely. Jenna-Lynn leaned forward, her pert breasts settling against his tanned chest. She brushed her lips so lightly against his it was like a butterfly wisping by. He knew this was not a time for fucking and slamming like they had done for hours the night before. This was time for passionate, emotional love making. Her lips brushed his again as she lifted her pelvis, sliding up his shaft. Just when he thought she was going to set him free, she gently lowered back down covering him with her velvety warmth. She kissed him again, this time more forceful, nudging his lips apart with her tongue. He searched for her delicious spear enjoying the satisfying sounds she emitted. Jenna-Lynn's feminine tunnel and his masculine sex merged them together as one, like they were made for each other. Outside the hotel room was a different world where they would either part as strangers or continue as hungry lovers. But inside this room, with the green carpeted floor and typical hotel decor, this was their world; their moment to just...be.

Jenna-Lynn sat up continuing to pulse up and down atop Aaron's rod. A rushing surge began to boil deep inside her. She leaned her head back welcoming the feeling she so enjoyed pooling within. She felt Aaron's hands on her breasts, squeezing, kneading them tenderly.

"Mmmm," she murmured. "You feel amazing inside me. You know just what to do to me."

"You feel incredible," he mumbled, his pulse quickening, the blood rushing to his lower body. He loved the control she was distributing, loved the feeling of her on top of him, her smooth supple mounds filling his hands.

Jenna-Lynn lowered back down, wanting to taste his sweet kisses while they erupted together. His lips were ready for her as she pressed against him. A soar of emotions seared through her as he cupped her face in his hands. Caught up in the moment she allowed herself to let go, become lost.

She placed her mouth next to his ear, grabbing him under his arms for leverage, her hips pulsing up and down.

"Oh, Aaron," she shouted. "Aaron, oh, yes, oh, Aaron. Oh, God! Mmmm. Aaron. Oh, God help me, Aaron. I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum!"

"Cum for me, Jenna-Lynn! Cum for me!," he begged.

"Aaron?" Jenna-Lynn asked.

"Yes?"

"Will you cum with me?"

"Yes," he panted.

"Oh, God! Please fill my pussy with your hot cum!" she screamed as a volcanic orgasm began to sear through her whole body.

Jenna-Lynn pushed up on her arms wanting to look in Aaron's incredibly deep blue eyes. Bolts of lightening shot through them both as they orgasmed together. Unable to control herself, screams poured out of Jenna-Lynn's throat as they soared to heaven. Waves of orgasmic pleasure washed over her body as she felt his hot cum fill her pussy until she collapsed into his arms as they shuddered and quivered together.

They laid there for several minutes allowing their spent bodies to cool down after the tumultuous workout. Aaron placed his hand under Jenna-Lynn's chin gently lifting her head.

"Look at me," he said sweetly.

Jenna-Lynn looked into his adoring, loving eyes. She knew what was coming. This is when he tells her it was a great night and walks out the door never to be seen or heard from again. She'd been here once before and been heart broken. She can't believe she let herself get in this situation again. She held her breath waiting for the words she knew were about to spill from his sensuous lips.

"We need to get dressed and meet your friends downstairs for breakfast," he said.

"I know," she said, her voice cracking. "I'll be--what did you just say?" she asked. 

"I said we need to get dressed. What did you think I was going to say?" he questioned.

"Never mind," she smiled. "I'm starving."

They quickly got dressed and walked to the elevator. "Just so you know," Aaron started, "this wasn't a one night stand. I knew that the moment I asked you to dance."

"Okay," was all Jenna-Lynn could muster still feeling his cum dripping from her pussy and running down her inner thighs as they climbed into the empty elevator. She reached up and gave him a deep, passionate kiss letting her heart and emotions go.