 I unwillingly untangle my limbs from yours, slipping quietly from your slumbering embrace and place my feet on the floor. The sun has already risen outside; beams peeking through the lowered blinds of your bedroom cast lines across your bed. 

I stretch as I step away, stopping for a moment and watching you in your peaceful slumber. You roll onto your back while I watch, one hand haphazardly moving above your head, the other laying gently across your tight abdomen, the steady rising and falling of your broad chest indicating to me that you are still deep in sleep. 

My body can't help but react as I think back to yesterday. You were simply amazing. I have never in my life felt as loved, as cherished or been left as satisfied. My pussy clenching as I think of how your cock felt moving inside me. My nipples hardening as I remember your fingers there...your teeth...your tongue...teasing me, slowly moving over my skin.

I turn away from you, reluctant to leave, but on a mission. A plan, I had decided upon when I awoke and looked upon the plains of your handsome face that today would be just for you. 

I tiptoe from the room, stopping only for a moment to scoop up and pull one of your old worn Abercrombie t-shirts over my naked body. I hold it up to my nose first, breathing in the scent on it that is uniquely you. I shiver a bit as the soft, thin cotton covers me. I look back at the bed once more, almost buckling to the desire to climb back in and wake you now. 

No, I shake my head slightly, reprimanding my own thoughts. Not yet...It will be better if I wait.

I stride into the kitchen and in no time flat, I had filled the small space with delicious smells. Fresh biscuits, eggs, scrambled of course, and nice crispy bacon. I load up a tray and move back down the hall. I pause at the door to make sure that even though I was as quiet as I could possibly be in the kitchen, that my cooking noises hadn't woken you.

I place the tray down on the floor, just beside the bed. I tug the cotton sheet down your body very slowly, causing you to stir just a little bit, but not to waken. I reveal your flesh to my eyes inch by inch, tormenting myself as I gradually unwrap you. I smile as your hand slides down your torso to scratch your self as most men do unconsciously in their sleep. I kneel on the bed between your legs, pausing for a moment just to take you in. 

Your short dark hair is attractively mussed; I smile to myself as I remembered doing that to it with my hands. I remember fisting them tightly in your hair, holding your head to me as you did wicked things...amazing things to me with your mouth. 

Your face is a contradiction in angles. Harsh lines, high sharp cheekbones and soft, full lips. Then there is your smile. It makes me groan out load when I think about how it played across your lips while you watched me come for you over and over the night before.

I move slowly, crawling like a feline up your body. My nipples press against the soft cotton of the t-shirt as I lean close, running my tongue delicately across the seam of your lips. A low moan comes from your throat as I move, flicking the end of my tongue against your ear. Then just behind, dragging it slowly down the column of your neck. I hear your sharp intake of breath as I bite playfully at the base of your neck and continue, moving lower, my eyes glancing at your face as my tongue teases leisurely over your left nipple. 

I smile then, noticing the sleepy grin on your face; your eyes are still closed but your breathing is increasing as my tongue runs at a snail's pace down your body, and lingers on your hip. I bite into the tender skin there and look up just in time to see your eyes flutter open. 

I whimper a bit as your amazing ice blue eyes lock with my own grey ones. I let my tongue slip little by little downward, brushing gently over the tip of your already very hard cock. Just one little lick, gently over the head and then slowly down the underside of your shaft. I open my mouth against your balls, just barely touching them with my lips. My mind spins and I almost forget my plan as I inhale the strong musky sent that was yours and yours alone. 

Coming back to myself, I sit up and smile at you, noting your little groan of disappointment. 

"I've made you breakfast babe," I pick up the tray then, off the floor and place it on your lap. "Eat well; you will need your strength today." I smile playfully, leaving that for your own interpretation.

I flip off the bed, pull open the blinds and let the sunlight bathe the room. I practically skip into the bathroom and flip on the faucets. Filling the huge tub and lighting a few candles on the way. I peek back around the corner into the bedroom just in time to see you finishing off your last bite. 

"Come," holding my hand out, "let me wash all of last night's debauchery off you." I can't help but giggle and blush a bit as I think of last night's said debauchery.

You rise then, your 6 foot frame taking up a large portion of the room as you reach your arms above your head and groan, stretching. Beautifully naked I could see every ripple and every little nuance of your body in the bright sunlight. 

Your eyes take on a questioning look as you swagger towards me, your eight inch cock still hard from my pre breakfast tease. 

Taking you by the hand I pull you into the bathroom, walking you to a now full tub of hot water. You take the hint and climb in, reaching for me. I pull back from you and kneel at the side of the tub, dipping my hand into the water. I wet a cloth and lather some soap in it, You're grinning at me with that oh so sexy boyish grin of yours and you lean back, my hand shaking a bit as I touch the soft cloth your skin. 

You close your eyes as I move it over your chest. Taking my time. Dipping lower and lower under the water until my hand brushes against your cock. Then slowly, agonizingly moving back up. 

"Sit up, please?" you comply and I start on your back, swirling the soap laden cloth over your wide shoulders. Down your spine, as far as I could reach from your current sitting position.

I take a deep breath, my body already reacting to yours. "Stand...please," this time it was more of a desperate command than a question.

I start at your ankles, which you thoughtfully lift one at a time for me to wash, then your calves, your thighs...I purposely avoid your cock. You turn for me, letting me soap your tight ass, my hand always wrapped in the cloth. My fingers twitching as I ache to touch your skin uninhibited. 

I wash your cock then. Quickly. My eyes locking with yours as I feel you grow even harder under my touch muted through the thin terry. You sit back down so I can rinse your skin, my hands shake as I splash the warm water over your warmer flesh. I let myself drink in your body; the water cascading down over your skin makes me shiver in anticipation. 

I see the wanting in your eyes as you watch me.

I pull the plug, motioning for you to step out and I grab a big white fluffy towel, drying you slowly. Painfully slowly. Then take you again by the hand and pull you back into the bedroom, pushing you back onto the bed. 

You lay back, looking up at me a little puzzled that I'm not immediately joining you but you're more than willing to play along, I move my hand up, making the universal symbol for 'turn over'. You look at me a little confused then shrug and flip onto your stomach. 

I reach for the oil and move to the end of the bed. I tilt the bottle and let the oil drip slowly onto you. Your intake of breath is sharp as the cool liquid hits your still warm skin. I run my hands over your calves, kneading your flesh as I slide up your leg. I feel your muscles relaxing under my hands as I move them over your quickly growing pliant flesh. 

I spend a little more time then necessary on your tight ass, running my hands over it, massaging and teasing you at the same time as I let my fingers dip between the vee at your thighs and brush lightly over your balls. I smile as your hips shift; I know your cock is now rock hard. 

I move and straddle your hips, moaning low in my throat as I press my bare sex against your oily skin. My hands move over your back, kneading and rubbing you, my own breathing heavy now as I watch your skin respond to my ministrations. Your body is beautiful; my thoughts turn to carnal as I move my hands to your shoulders and neck. 

I groan as I slide against you, angling my hips to apply pressure to my throbbing clit. I pat your shoulder, indicating that you needed to turn over, more for my control than for your pleasure at this point.

You obey and smile up at me when you lay back down. I draw my breath as I look at you, your smile is so amazing...combined with a look of pure lust in your remarkable pale blue eyes...knowing it was all for me made it an almost lethal combination.

I tear my eyes away and turn my back to you, needing to curb my hunger. I straddle your thigh and start to knead your legs, moving faster and faster up your body. I move to sit off to the side, looking down at your very hard cock lying against your hairless skin. 

I run my hands over your hips, up your chest...purposely avoiding your cock. I feel your low moans, the sound runs through my whole body, all the way down to my toes as I pass my hands over you again and again. I lightly pinch your nipples as I massage your chest. My nails scraping against you every so often as I work higher and higher until my fingers hit your neck. 

I stop then, looking down at you. 

Your breathing is heavy, your hard cock jumps as my eyes move over it. I watch your face as I pull the hem of your shirt slowly over my head, revealing my body to your hot gaze. My pussy throbs as your eyes move over my form, each glance licking over my skin like fire. 

My nipples pucker tightly as you lick your lips; drawing your lower lip between your teeth and looking questioningly back up into my face. 

I sit astride your body, my hot wet sex pressing against the length of your cock, and I lean in to you, my lips meeting yours. I kiss you hard, pushing my tongue into your mouth, running it lightly against your sharp teeth and then stroking it smoothly against yours. I slip my hands down your arms until our fingers lock; I move them slowly above your head holding them there as I pull away from the kiss. 

I let my tongue drag over your skin; I take your earlobe between my teeth. Biting down gently, sucking it into my mouth, then stroking my tongue just behind and moving a little lower. I nip at your skin, my teeth grazing over your flesh while my tongue darts out and tastes you between nips. I roll my hips, sliding my wet pussy along your length, as I continue lower. My mouth locks on your right nipple, sucking it lightly then taking the tip gently between my teeth and applying pressure as my fingernails drag slowly down the sensitive skin along your arm. 

I look up at your face, your piercing eyes watch my every move, you groan as I bite a little harder, your head lolls back to take in the sensations, your heels dig into the mattress and your hips lift slightly, forcing your cock tighter against my wet slit. 

Growling at you, I move my whole body lower, taking little bites of your abs, paying special attention to that little spot just over your hipbone, my fingernails trailing just behind my mouth making your muscles twitch. I enjoy your little cries of pleasure, as I swirl my tongue down lower and lower until your moans and movements still and your eyes lock on me again.....my mouth now poised over the head of your cock.

I lean in, flicking my tongue just over the tip, circling the head slowly, thoroughly. I drag my tongue down your length. I run it over your balls, watching your reaction as my hand comes up and wraps around the base of your cock. I grip you tight and move up, bringing the head of your slightly wet cock against my lips. 

I open my mouth slowly, moaning as I get my first taste, then I slide you all the way into my mouth. Your hand comes up automatically to the back of my head and your fingers tangle in my hair. Guiding me...holding me to you.

I slide your cock all the way into my mouth until I feel you at the back of my throat. I can't help but groan as I watch your face change, your look turn to hunger as you see my mouth moving down your cock. Slowly I bring my lips back up, my bottom teeth brush lightly along the underside of your shaft and pressing gently against the head. Your hips lift with me as I do it again and again. Getting gradually faster each time, I run my tongue over the tip of your cock, one long lick, and then I take you hard and fast. 

My head bobs up and down with my lips locked tightly around your shaft, my hand holds you following behind my mouth as it moves. The other teases your balls, rolling them between my fingers as my hips start to shift, mimicking the actions of my mouth. I feel my juices seeping from my pussy, it makes me so wet...so very wet, to know I'm giving you pleasure.

I know you're getting close; your balls tighten and your cock twitches between my lips as I start to slow the pace, eventually coming to a stop and scampering quickly up your body. 

I need you inside me... NOW.

Leaning down, I kiss you as your hands explore my back; I reach down and grip your cock snugly, rubbing the head against my throbbing and engorged clit, coating you with my juices as I slide your length through the lips of my sex. My hips rock against yours as I arch my body and tilt back. I tease myself with your cock, rubbing it against my sex until I can't take it anymore. 

I lift up, guiding you to my opening and little by little sink down along your shaft, moaning loudly as your whole eight inches starts to fill me. I sit down oh so slowly, letting myself feel every single delicious inch of you as you enter me. I roll my hips slightly when you are buried completely, making the head of your cock rub deliciously against my g-spot. 

I lift and then fall...then again...and again. Your hands move to my hips, you raise yourself to meet my movements, thrusting harder and deeper into me each time we join. You pull me flush against you, flattening my breasts against your strong chest as your arms band across my back. You take my mouth savagely. Your tongue duels with mine, your teeth nip at my lips as your cock creates a luscious friction, making my entire body quake and spasm. I cry out into your mouth as I stiffen and my pussy grips you tight, my orgasm hits me hard as I slam my hips down against yours, trying to keep your momentum. 

You're unforgiving with me, driving into me harder and harder...faster and faster. I cry out again and again with each stroke as you draw out my orgasm, my hands move to your shoulders and grip you tight almost as if to anchor myself to you, my nails dig into your flesh as my whole body trembles with pleasure. 

Your movements slow and you hold me tight, rolling us over in one quick move so I'm now lying on my back with you above me. 

I open my mouth as if to say something like, "It's your turn to be spoiled," but only a sigh and something that sounds like a purring noise, escapes from my lips as you start to move inside me again.

I look up into your pale eyes. They stare back into mine with such intensity my breath is taken away. Your arms hook under my knees, pushing your cock even deeper inside me. I lift my hips as much as I can to meet your thrusts, moaning with each movement. Your head dips down and I feel your teeth running up the column of my throat. I groan, my head falling to the side as you nip my skin, then your tongue, hot and wet running down over my shoulder until it brushes over my nipple. Still your moving, your cock slides deep and steady in and out of my now drenched cunt. The sound of your skin slapping against mine fill the room.

I feel your tongue on my nipple, then your teeth. My body arches off the bed as you feed from me. Biting gently down, running the edge of your teeth along my hardened nip. My hands move to your head, fisting roughly, tugging and pulling your hair as I try and control your mouth. My pussy clasping you tight as I cry out, 

'Yes baby, Oh god yesssss...I'm going to come."

My whole body quivers, my pussy tightens around you, rippling up and down your shaft as you pound into me harder and faster. You pull my legs over your shoulders as I explode, coating your cock with my wetness. You grunt as you slam into me over and over until I hear your final cry, your moans of pleasure mix with mine and fill the room as you bury yourself inside me, your hips jerking. I can feel your cock pulsing and twitching deep inside as you fill me. 

You collapse against me and gradually our breathing returns to normal. I run my hands up and down your back, over and over. Not wanting the moment to end. Not wanting you to pull away. 

Your cock slowly softens and recedes from my body. I stretch my hands above my head, my body aching deliciously as you roll off of me and onto your own side of the bed. You reach out and one fingertip brushes against my nipple. To my amazement, it obediently hardens under your touch, inciting a low moan from my lips and a small spasm from my drenched pussy.

Your finger traces over my skin softly, your nail delicately pressing into me. I groan as you scratch gently down the tender skin of my arm until you hit my palm. Your fingers link with mine and you sit, tugging me off the bed as you stand and start toward the bathroom, a sly smile on your handsome face, 

I follow you, my heart racing. Grinning at you like a fool, my mind lost in thoughts of what's to come.

***

I lay back on the bed a short time later, waiting for you to return. My body practically humming from your attentions. You bathed my thoroughly, ran your hands adoringly over every inch of my body, bringing me over and over again to the brink, but never far enough. Then you fed me. Giving me small pieces of fruit from your fingers and from your lips as I lay back in the warm bed. Soon my body was coated with oil, your hands moved over my skin like a maestro, playing and fine tuning my muscles, leaving me feeling like a warm pool of jelly.

I sigh to myself, still very relaxed and satisfied after our morning together, but selfishly wishing you would quickly return to finish what you had started.

I turn my head and smile as your frame fills the doorway. The bed dips under your weight as you kneel just beside my languid body. In you hands, slipping slowly through your fingers are two soft black scarves. My startled eyes move to your face as your hand reaches to my wrist pulling it slowly toward the headboard. 

I don't struggle, I trust you with all that I am, so I let you bind my arms to the posts of the bed.

You sit back when you finish, just looking at me as I had done with you only hours before. 

My body immediately starts to respond to your gaze. My nipples harden. My breathing increases as you reach one finger out and stroke it lightly down my body, from my lips to my navel. Then slowly back up, running it lightly over my mouth. I open and suck your finger inside, swirling my tongue around, nipping lightly at the tender skin on the pad of your finger as a glazed look moves over your face. You take it from my lips and move it lightly over my nipple. It puckers under your touch, pulling tight as you make it wet, and then blow lightly across it.

I moan, the sensations seemingly attached by some invisible string to the tender flesh between my legs. I shift as your fingers trail lower, your nails dragging lightly across the sensitive skin of my stomach. My hands involuntarily tug at the restraints, my back arching off the bed as your fingers run lightly through the small strip of hair above my pussy. 

You lay down beside me as I spread my legs wide, moving them far as apart I can, already wet and ready for you. I move my hips, wiggling to try and displace your hand as you allow it to sit idly just above my clit. You avoid that, of course, chuckling at my groan of disappointment as your fingers brush lightly up and down gently along the length of my slit. 
