 A short story, but worth the read! 

She woke up and he was gone. This wasn't so unusual in itself; he got up for work relatively early. What WAS unusual was that he hadn't woken her up for a quick kiss goodbye. Besides, she mused, it was Sunday...he should be still in bed. She was about to get up and put on her bathrobe to investigate when the object of her curiosity walked through the bedroom door. He was carrying a tray laden with food and she settled back onto the bed with a sigh of contentment. Breakfast in bed! He pulled back the covers with one hand, precariously balancing the tray, and cuddled up next to her. On the tray were all sorts of goodies: hot chocolate for her and coffee for him, croissants, cut fruit, sausages, and (to her bewildered amusement) a bottle of maple syrup. She looked up into his face, meaning to ask him what they'd need the syrup for, but the look in his eyes silenced her. She had seen that look before and it always meant there was fun ahead. Her stomach fluttered with the possibilities and her hand shook the mug she brought to her lips.The food was devoured in compatible silence, the tray set aside with the syrup still untouched. She was wondering what would come next when he kissed her. 

It was his specialty kiss: long and deep and able to melt her bones. She felt like their souls were one when they kissed like this, like they'd never be separated again. Perhaps they wouldn't. He finally broke the contact and lifted her nightgown over her head. Her breasts were aching from need, her nipples standing at attention. He kissed them briefly, intensifying their need rather than abating it, and continued down her stomach. His hand cupped her bottom and he took a few moments to admire her light blue panties. They were silk and she knew he took pleasure in feeling the smooth material. He did this now, running his hand along the cleft of her pussy, making the lips pucker and a small wet spot appear. She was whimpering softly now, watching him as he leaned his head down and kissed the wet spot. She threw back her head and moaned as he paid special attention to that oh-so-sensitive area. He gave one more lingering kiss to her swollen lips and traveled up again until his face was even with hers.

She desperately wrenched at his shirt, pulling the item over his head and tossing it aside. She could feel his excitement against her hip and she ached to have it inside her. She reached for his waistband but he stopped her and pinned both her arms over her head.

"You know what? I'm still hungry," he said softly, smiling down at her as she panted in excitement and frustration. Her eyes narrowed in confusion, how could he be thinking of his stomach at a time like this? She was so distracted she didn't notice the syrup bottle until it was too late. "What are you -Ah!" she cried as he squeezed two good sized gobs onto her breasts. He drizzled the warm liquid on her nipples as she gasped in surprise, trying to free her hands from his strong grip. "You're going to make a mess! What's going on?" Her rant broke into a deep moan as he took her breast in his mouth and began to suck the sweet syrup. His tongue lavished her nipple, twirling around it in an attempt to capture all the sticky stuff. Her hands relaxed and he let go, using his free hand to reach down and part her pussy lips. 

She was almost levitating off the bed in pleasure, unable to decipher whether his finger or his mouth was the most arousing. He was sucking the other breast now, flicking his tongue against her nipple in the same rhythm as his finger, which was now pumping in and out of her dripping pussy. She had her hands locked around his head; drawing him close to her while she thrust towards his invading digit. His thumb started to hit her clit with every inward thrust and she came hard, crying his name as waves of pleasure coursed through her body. She almost screamed in despair when he withdrew his fingers, but calmed when he pushed down his shorts and positioned his erection at her entrance. The waves renewed their course as he began to thrust, her pussy walls clenching and unclenching around his cock. His pace increased and she thrust back as hard as her sated body allowed, still riding the occasional spasm of her own pleasure.

He stiffened and came, spilling his seed into her willing womb as he kissed her again and again. Finally he rested against her, cradling her in his arms as they relaxed in the afterglow. 

"We should have breakfast in bed more often," she said sleepily.

"Uh huh," he agreed, "or maybe dessert next time."

Thinking about caramel topping she smiled happily and cuddled closer.

Feedback appreciated.