 Rich clenched his eyelids shut. He could feel the day's warmth beginning to heat him, fingers of sunlight stretched through the blinds over the window prodding him to face the day. His body reminded him of how much he'd had to drink last night. It wasn't a full blown hangover -- he was light-headed with a tiny throb to remind him to rehydrate. There was a fuzzy feel to his mouth.

Rich stretched out to the space his wife normally occupied. Empty. It didn't matter that it was Saturday morning, somehow Marie always rose early. Sleeping in was 6:00am. Rich groaned and turned to look at the clock on the night stand. It was already after nine. The smell of coffee and bacon hung in the air. Marie was already at work on breakfast. 

"I was beginning to wonder if you were going to get up today at all," Marie said lightly as she walked in with a breakfast plate and a full cup of coffee. 

Rich took the plate piled high with bacon, eggs and a biscuit. Greasy, full of carbs, perfect hangover medicine he thought. He took a sip from his soup bowl sized cup, sucking the cream and sugar infused liquid into his mouth. As it swirled around his teeth the fuzzy feeling started to leave. Marie swished out of their bedroom and returned moments later with her own coffee. Rich scooped a forkful of egg into his mouth and watched as the yolk puddled on his plate.

"Did you have a good time out with the guys?" Marie asked. 

"Yeah," the answer came from around another mouthful of egg, "too many games of bad pool."

Marie flipped on the TV. Saturday news shows, talking heads. She plopped down on the bed next to him to watch him finish his breakfast. Rich soaked up the remaining egg with his biscuit and Marie took his now empty plate. He watched her walk out of the room, her curves making her short night gown swish back and forth. If he turned his head just right he could just see her panties briefly flash from under her clothes. Rich felt a twinge of desire coupled with a touch of guilt from his night out.

Marie sat next to him on their bed, her fingers grazed his bare leg. Rich felt a tingle run up his thigh. Marie grabbed his empty plate and coffee cup and disappeared into the kitchen returning a few moments later with a newly topped off cup of coffee. Rich sipped a bit more of the hot liquid, then set his cup on the night stand. He leaned back against his pillows and Marie leaned back with him. Rich felt a quickening in his chest as she leaned into him. He turned to look at her and she turned her head to line up their lips, she opened her mouth to him as their mouths came together. Rich inhaled her scent, the soft remnants of sweet shampoo, faded perfume and lotion. Their tongues tangled and smashed together, soft and firm at the same time. Rich sucked her tongue into his mouth as he caressed it with his own, slipping as deeply into her mouth as was physically possible. He was reminded of how good of a kisser Marie was. His breathe seemed to be sucked from his lungs as the tingling he previously had felt in the light brush of fingers across his leg expanded into his belly. Rich felt the flush of blood beginning to warm his crotch as his cock began to awaken. As he inhaled more deeply, he could smell the familiar aroma that told him Marie was becoming turned on by the kissing as well. 

Rich undid the first few buttons of Marie's nightgown and fully cupped her well sized breast in his hand. He could feel her nipple rise to touch his palm as he rubbed her. Rich lessened his full grip as his fingers moved to encircled just the nipple. He pinched the hardened nipple between his thumb and forefinger and sucked Marie's tongue more deeply into his mouth. Marie moaned lightly into his open mouth and Rich broke their minutes long kiss to bring her longing nipple to his mouth. He opened his mouth wide to suck her breast into his mouth as he held the base of her beautiful size D chest. Rich sucked deeply and the first few inches of Marie's breast filled his mouth. Keeping the suction, Rich flicked the nipple with his tongue. Slowly he let the pressure subside so that her breast began to slide out of his mouth until on the nipple remained. Rich bit down trapping the nipple in between his teeth while he poked at the tip with his tongue. Marie sighed again, then began to slide her hand between his thighs. Rich turned slightly giving her access to his hardened cock. She stroked him through his boxers, teasing his balls. 

Rich felt ready to explode -- he wanted his cock buried in Marie's pussy. His hands finished undoing her night gown exposing her white panties with tiny red hearts. His hand slid up her side to her hip where he quickly slid it under the elastic band. Marie's hand mirrored his own on his hip, sliding into his boxers and willing them to move down. Marie moved her leg to rest on his while she slowly palmed Rich's balls. Her panties lay somewhere off the end of the bed now. They began kissing again, Rich cupped the curve of her ass lightly caressing the split between her cheeks. Marie raised her leg higher allowing Rich to feel the light fuzz of her pubic hair as it curled from the curve of her butt cheek. He reached further and touched her swollen lips. Stretching further he sunk his pinky into her, resistant at first but the moisture allowed his finger to slide into her. He added another finger and then a third before removing them and, reaching his arm around further than it felt like it could go, he found her clit, swollen and wet. Marie shuddered slightly at the touch. She pulled on his cock, stroking devilishly slowly. 

Rich pulled his hand back from Marie's wet and swollen snatch, his fingers brushed her tiny anus and he felt it contract away from his fingers. "Nothing like a challenge," he thought, placing his middle finger directly on the round muscle protecting her anus. Marie removed her hand from his cock to pull him closer to her. The head of his throbbing cock felt her push against him. Rich felt each mini throb of his cock spread her lips. God he needed a fuck. He needed it so badly he could taste in the back of his throat. Rich pulled her closer and his rod found its loving, wet and warm home. Marie gasped and pulled him closer as she was penetrated by his manhood, Rich's finger violated her anus. He could feel each thrust of his cock through the thin membrane separating her swollen wet pussy from her tight ass. After eight or ten or fifteen minutes -- it felt like a lifetime -- Rich felt his cock start to twitch inside its soaking wet home. Marie could feel his climax approaching as well, "fill me up Rich. Fill me with your cum," she breathed into his ear. Rich felt his ass begin to clench, a tiny quiver running the length of his swollen rod as he pushed deeper and deeper into Marie. He felt the spasm of cum spurting inside his love as she slowly rocked against him. 

"I'm not done," Marie told him as she rolled away from his rapidly deflating manhood. Rich watched as she dipped her fingers into her willing pussy and spread her legs wide for him to see. His cum covered her fingers as she withdrew them, spreading the swollen lips. Marie's fingers spread Rich's cum over her clit making it even wetter than while he was fucking her. With her free hand she grabbed her vulva and pulled it aside opening her pussy wide. Her pussy was dark pink with the blood rushing to her lips, her clit like a tiny throbbing cock rising to reach each stroke of her jizz soaked fingers. Rich watched as Marie rubbed her aching clit faster and faster. His spent cock began to rise and stiffen as she caressed her steaming, sticky pussy. Rich's hand slowly rubbed the head of his cock, massaging their combined juices into his now erect member. He cupped his balls gently, watching Marie's furious fingers over her pussy, plunging her two middle fingers into her cream filled cunt. Rich felt like he was going to blow his wad across Marie's milky white stomach and tits. 

Rich's cock strained in his hand, demanding release. Marie's legs were raised, her thighs spread apart show her exposed love tunnel. Her rubbing and thrusting squeezed his cum until a trickle ran slowly down the crack of her ass over her anus. Rich reached down to catch the runaway cum with his finger, pausing at the tiny entrance to her tight sphincter muscle. He pushed his finger past the circular muscle as she gasped slightly. His cock throbbed and grew harder, the head reaching towards her pretty little tight asshole. Rich ached to be inside her, nudging the head of his cock against the cheeks of Marie's ass where they formed a soft, rounded "V" below where his finger still worked itself into her hesitant asshole. He withdrew the finger placing his love rod against the tight opening. Marie's fingers continued to work her slit from her wet snatch to her straining clit, her ass raising slightly from the sweat dampened sheets as she inserted her fingers into herself and then lowering again as she rubbed up towards her stomach. Her nipples were hardened, her eyes rolled back as she leaned her head back. Rich could see she had a death grip on one tit, the nipple grasped tightly in her fingers. 

With each stroke of her pussy her anus pushed against the head of Rich's cock. Anal sex wasn't Marie's favorite, but she wasn't moving away and it almost seemed to Rich like she was stroking down harder on his rock hard cock than even the finger fucking she was giving herself would account for. He held himself as motionless as he could as her strokes pushed him slowly into her. Rich could still see the ridge of his head almost disappear into her. Marie bounced against him, her pussy running over with her juices, her fingers pressing into clit as she began to focus on the swollen button. She gasped as his cock fully entered her resistant hole. With each throb of Rich's cock Marie's ass grabbed back at him. With each frantic stroke of her wet sticky fingers across her clit her ass squeezed Rich's cock. He felt her ass tighten around him as Marie let out of muffled moan and completely let herself go like a rubber band finally brought to its breaking point. Marie writhed under him, her once hesitant asshole sucking and grabbing hungrily at his cock. Her tiny tight hole grabbed and spasmed as her orgasm overtook her body like a wave. Rich's felt his balls tighten against him. He could feel his own orgasm building as the tingle built within him. He pushed his body against hers, burying his cock deep in her forbidden hole. He felt his cock twitch and bounce inside her as his cum shot deep into her guts. "God, I love fucking your tight ass!" Rich exclaimed, breaking the conversation of grunts and moans, "and I love you."

Marie kissed him softly and wrapped the sheet over him. "I know," she said as he melted into her arms, his cock softening and falling away from her. Rich started to drift off to sleep, a smile creeping across his face as he felt Marie reach between his legs, teasing his soaked and tired member.