 Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Andrew gently placed the coral back on the bed, leapt for his jeans which were lying in a clump on the floor, threw them on, and sprinted to the door.

He opened it to see Nicole smiling back at him. A feeling of deep relief washed over him to see her. She didn't have much makeup left on her face and the cool autumn air had turned her pale cheeks pink. Her soft waves were now mostly straight and a bit frizzy, but none of this mattered to Andrew. She was carrying a brown paper bag and two coffees, which she was awkwardly balancing on top of each other.

"Hi," she smiled.

"Hi," Andrew smiled back. "Here, let me grab those!" he said as he reached for the two coffees. 

Andrew's soft brown hair was disheveled and his green eyes were a bit squinty from just waking up. His tattoos were now all fully visible across his perfectly sculpted chest. Nicole secretly wanted to fling the bag and jump him as her eyes automatically moved down his stomach towards his fly.

She snapped herself back to reality and met his eyes again.

"I was going to order room service but they didn't have any so I went to Whole Foods. I got bread and fruit. I didn't want to wake you; you looked so peaceful dreaming away. I was thinking we could have breakfast in bed," she smiled warmly.

"Oh! Sweet, sweet fruit," he smiled as he accepted the bag and placed it on the table. "Come here Nicole." He grabbed her around her waist to bring her inside. She stood on her tippy toes to meet his lips and wrapped her arms around his neck, breathing in his intoxicating smell. Every movement of their tongues and every breath matched perfectly. It felt like they were operating at the same frequency when they kissed. He moved his soft lips across her face to her cheeks, down her neck, and up to her ears- the spot that could make her nipples harden instantly. "I'm not done with you yet," he breathed into her ear as he nibbled the lobe, "I'm gonna kiss you 'til the maids come kick us out."

Andrew began to unzip her dress. "Is this okay?" he asked. 

"Yes. I want you so badly Andrew. Please don't hold back."

With permission granted, he unzipped her dress, hoisted it over her shoulders and gently kissed the skin underneath, moving towards her bra. Nicole felt frenzied and ripped his shirt off, hastily unzipped his pants and pulled them right off of him. She jumped on the bed, undid her bra and kicked off her panties, spreading her legs to invite him in. Morning light shone through the translucent curtains onto her body, the softness of the light mirroring the softness of her form. Andrew gazed at her, feeling his cock harden as he pulled off his underwear and stood naked before her. He slowly massaged his throbbing cock, imagining fucking her. He moved in between her legs, stroked her smooth lips and gently inserted a finger into her dripping pussy. "Baby, you are so wet for me," he said as he began to fuck her.

"Mmhmm," she said, nearly in a trance. He pulled his finger out of her and ran it along her bottom lip. She instantly licked her own wetness off of her lip, and took his finger into her mouth, sucking gently and teasing the top of it with her tongue. "Mmmm," she groaned, loving the taste of herself. 

He moved his cock to her smooth pussy slit and pushed forward, opening her lips up so that they hugged around him. He began to slowly stroke up and down, grinding the tip of his cock into her aching clitoris and then pressing himself into her, but just enough to tease her. He did this repeatedly. Her pussy felt like silk. Each time he found the entrance of her vagina she involuntarily arched her hips upwards, aching for him to enter her.

"Please," she breathed, almost with a look of pain in her eyes. "Please fuck me." 

"Are you on the pill?" he asked, reaching up to stroke her face, grazing her lips with his fingers. 

"Yes. It's okay if you don't wear a condom."

"Okay. I don't have to if you don't want me to."

She moved out from underneath him and pushed him onto his back. She climbed on top of him and took his hard, swollen cock into her hands and began to masturbate herself with the tip. She lined it up with her entrance and began to slow ease herself onto him. He felt massive entering her little opening, and she inhaled deeply, her breath taken away at the sheer size of him. His cock bottomed out at her cervix, filling her up entirely. She sat still for a moment, allowing herself to catch her breath and adjust to his size. She had never felt so stretched in her life. 

"Oh my god," she breathed. "Your cock. Is. Huge." 

"It's okay baby," he cooed, massaging her clitoris. "Just relax. We'll go slow."

She slowly raised herself and began to move up and down on his cock as he held onto her waist. They kissed each other passionately, moaning into each other's mouths as his cock pumped in and out of her. Her tight pussy perfectly caressed every inch. She moved her hand to play with her clit and let out a moan. He loved how she knew what she liked and wasn't shy about it.

"That's it baby, open up for me," he breathed into her mouth, massaging her breasts. "You like my big cock?"

"Yes baby. It feels amazing."

"You're taking it so well. You're doing so good baby." 

She moaned, his words driving her absolutely crazy. He steadied her for a second, holding onto her waist, and looked deep into her eyes. He felt hypnotized by her beauty. He took both of her hands and moved them behind her, resting them on her back and holding them in place with one of his hands. She loved feeling completely in his control and gladly obliged. In this position she fell forward and her soft breasts rested on his chest. Her head rested on his neck, and she began to softly kiss and nibble him. "Just stay still baby," he cooed as he began to thrust into her from below, hitting every spot that would bring her to cum on his cock. He began to fuck her faster and harder. She was moaning uncontrollably into his ear as she could feel her orgasm building. 

"Andrew, oh my God. Make me cum."

He could feel her breathing quicken and intuitively he could sense that she was close. "Are you gonna cum for me this morning baby?"

"Yes," she breathed. 

"I want you to cum all over my cock. Be a good girl for me and cum on my big cock baby," he whispered as he continued to fuck her forcefully from below. The words were exactly what she wanted to hear. He moved his hand to find her clit and began to forcefully rub her with his finger, in circles and up and down.

"I'm gonna cum," she said, and as she always did before cumming, her breathing stopped and she felt the darkness surrounding her. Waves of pleasure began to wash over her body and she climaxed hard around him, crying out as she came.

"Yes, good girl. Cum for me baby," he mouthed as he continued to rub her clit and fuck her, loving that she was able to experience such pleasure. Once more she squirted, with a small amount of liquid flowing onto the bed below them. He momentarily stopped thrusting as she collapsed on top of him, hugging him around his neck. She kissed him passionately. She felt incredibly close to him. 

"I really want to cum in you," he said, starting to pump into her again. 

"Yes, I want your cum in me baby. Please cum in my pussy."

He hadn't fucked anyone in a while and he felt that it would be a lot. He felt himself getting close, and as she squeezed her pussy around him, he couldn't hold it in any longer. He came hard, cum spraying into her from his pulsing cock, her pussy being stretched even further than it had been as his cock grew and spasmed. He continued to thrust slowly into her as cum oozed out around his cock. He pushed it back into her, wanting her to have every last drop. 

They collapsed into each other's arms, their hearts beating rapidly and their breathing heavy. 

"Jesus, I feel drunk," she said, feeling absolutely spent, barely able to feel her hands. He nodded his head in agreement. Birds outside of the window chirped pleasantly. "Am I still breathing?" she giggled, snuggling in closer to him. He kissed her cheek and checked her pulse, putting his hand up to her nose to check for breaths. "Yep, still alive my dear."