 Already the day is warm, sunlight streaming in the windows, birds singing, a soft breeze moving the curtains. I slide back into bed, a tray with your breakfast on it in my hands. Leaning over I softly kiss you awake, smiling as your eyes open on the new day. Laughing as you grab for me, trying to keep from spilling the tray, admonishing you to behave. Giving up for now, you sit up, stretching, yawning, almost as eager for the hot coffee as you are for me. While you enjoy the first sips, I butter your toast and drizzle it with sweet clover honey. Reaching out to you with the toast in my hand, feeding it to you bite by bite. Unable to resist, I move in to quickly kiss the sweetened crumbs from your lips. Then sitting back, sheet wrapped around me, as you finish your breakfast and we make plans for the day. 

Running my fingertip through a drop of honey on your plate, tasting it absentmindedly, I begin to smile. I take the hold of the dipper in the honey crock and swirl it around, pulling it out and leaning over to drizzle honey on your chest. You laugh in pleased surprise as I remove the breakfast tray from the bed, keeping only the crock of honey. I straddle you, leaning down to lick the honey from your chest, loving the mix of sweet stickiness and the taste of your skin on my tongue. I can feel you hard beneath me, but I have plans to slowly eat you up, having you for my breakfast. I stick my finger in the honey, gathering a bit to spread on your nipples, rubbing it on in exciting little circles. As you shiver, I softly suck the honey off, using the tip of my tongue to tease you as I get the last sticky bit. I'm so enjoying this, rocking my wetness against you, bringing my fingers to your lips for you to taste, moaning softly as you kiss the honey from them. Leaning down, my nipples brushing against your sticky chest, I kiss your sweet sexy mouth, hands in your hair, kissing you deeply, my body swaying over yours. 

Grinning, I slide off of you, taking the sheet with me, exposing your beautiful hard cock. I bend over for a quick taste, softly sucking the head with my lips, teasing out the first sweet drop with my tongue. I lift your cock up against your belly, holding it there while I generously smear honey all over your balls, my hand warming it, causing a little to run down the cleft of your ass. I'm having such fun playing with your balls, the hair all sticky, listening to you moan. I start to lick the hairs, pulling them with my lips, sucking the honey from them. I slowly suck one of your balls into my mouth, all sticky and gooey, getting honey all over my chin and lips, squeezing you softly. Fondling your other ball with my hand, I bring it to my lips, open wide, and slowly suck it, my mouth now totally full. Rolling your balls around in my mouth, the honey sliding down my throat, I trail one sticky finger along the path of honey dripping to your ass, tenderly massaging that sweet spot. You groan, raising your hips to expose yourself to me even more, and I abandon your plump, heavy balls to follow my finger with my tongue. I lick you from balls to ass with long firm strokes, making you shake with pleasure. Spreading your cheeks, I drizzle some more warm honey on you, making a little puddle. I slowly rub it into you, making a circle with my fingertip, slipping just the tip into your warm sticky hole. I move my finger around inside of you, coating you with honey, and bring my tongue to join it, licking around the finger. I gently slide out the finger, using the tip of my tongue to replace it. Tonguing you, feeling you squirm, I know I'm driving you crazy. 

Your cock is hard as hell, ready to burst, and I'm not finished with you yet. I want to taste your cock coated in honey. I sweetly ask you to stand at the edge the bed, and how can you resist, knowing how well I can suck your cock from this position. Once you are standing in front of me, I reach again for the honey crock and push it up on your cock, fucking you with the dense sticky stuff, burying your cock in it, then pulling it back, watching the honey adhere to you. The look on your face is priceless. I pull off the crock finally, using my hand to milk off some of the excess, and take you in my mouth, sliding up and down the length of you, my face now a sticky mess. All I can think of is how it will be to have your juices mixed with the honey in my mouth. I start sucking you faster, teasing you with my tongue, nibbling a little; my sticky hands grasping your ass, pulling you deep into my throat, intent on drinking you dry. 

Suddenly you've had enough of my being in charge, taking my time. You push me back on the bed, grab the honey and pour streams of it on my nipples, dripping it down my stomach, and pouring it on my wet cunt. Without hesitation you push your cock deep in me, honey squeezing out around it. You fuck me slow and deep, sticking to me each time you pull back. My legs in the air, pushing against you, whimpering as you grab my breasts, pushing them together, squeezing them, sucking the nipples. I am so close, desperate, wanting it so badly. You grab my hips and pull me onto you, faster, harder, both of us frantic now. Growling, you grab a nipple between your teeth, biting, pulling, sending me over the edge, my cunt tight around you as I shake. Pulling my legs over your shoulders, you make your last hard thrusts, breath rasping, moaning, filling me with your hot cum. Collapsing, sweaty, exhausted, we lay entwined in each other, all previous plans forgotten; the only plan now is maybe a shower.