 EXPLICIT MATERIAL NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS. 

© 2003 pentl@yahoo.com -- Commercial use prohibited without author's consent.

I want to start this story off by saying "That it was the breakfast of champions!"

I don't know why I was up so early this morning because I didn't go to bed until late. I guess my internal alarm clock went off and said it was time to get up. So I stumbled half-asleep into my living room, got a drink of water, said good morning to the dogs. I decided to check my e-mail, and to my pleasant surprise he was there. We had been chatting online for only a day or two, having just met. 

After talking for a few minutes he began taunting me, teasing, getting me all hot and bothered. He seemed to be very good at it because my pussy was immediately wet reading his typed words. Playfully asking to come over and prove his words were fact, not just made up, I agreed. I didn't think this mysterious stranger would ever actually show up. But I decided to throw caution to the wind and leave the front door unlocked. 

I crawled back into bed, snuggled down into the covers, and quickly fell back into my slumber. I had just drifted into my REM sleep, when I felt a cool hand on my arm and felt warm words whisper "Good morning, Dear" into my ear. For a moment or two, I would have sworn it was a dream. I was unsure just what was happening to me then I remembered I had agreed to let him come over. 

My stranger had appeared and was lying in my bed with me. It is a strange sensation to be sharing my bed with someone I cannot see. He demanded that I keep my eyes closed, as was part of his initial taunting. He left me lying in the position in which I had been sleeping and started using his fingers to trace the outline of my body, touching the curves, caressing the bends. He lifted my hair away from my neck and kissed ever so lightly, and I felt a sudden rush of wetness between my legs. I felt my thighs tighten together, in anticipation and in a fear that was very erotic and stimulating. 

It felt like forever that he kissed and touched my skin, my neck, the back of my ears. Behind me his hands slid up and down my arms, down my legs and between my thighs, but DAMN IT he would not touch me. His fingernails flicked my clit ring and it sent shock waves thru my body. Slowly he turned me, touching and kissing until I was on my back and he pushed my hands above my head. I got the feeling I was to keep them there and all they wanted to do was grab his body and hang on. 

It was getting increasingly hard to keep my eyes closed. I wanted to see him so badly but he had repeated several times to keep them closed. He was kissing under my chin, turning my head back and forth with his tongue leaving wet lines along my neck and chest. Somehow my hands kept creeping down and touching him, wanting him, so he placed them under my pillows and told me to keep them there. He kissed all over my body, Ohhhh, kissing down my stomach, past my nipples, only using the tips of his fingers to lightly brush my pussy area, never actually touching it, never actually touching any vital parts that I so wanted him to devour. I was so fucking wet.

He kissed my pussy ever so lightly, just a tease. His hands closed around each of my breasts at the same time and he pinched my nipples hard, so hard it brought delightful tears to my eyes. Somehow I now found it easy to keep my eyes closed, but I couldn't keep my hands to myself, they kept dropping down and touching his soft skin so I was punished. In the quiet of the room, he said 'Pick a number between one and ten.' 

I had no idea what he wanted, so I said 'four.' He flipped me over, pulled my ass in the air, and spanked me four times. Hard! It took my breath away. It was several minutes it seemed before I started to breathe again. Then he spread my thighs just a little and started flicking his tongue over my clit and pussy lips. What a sensation it was. I could feel my juices flowing, dripping out of me. He slurped it up in what sounded to be sexual delight. I was off in my own universe. 

Since I was lacking in one of my senses, my other senses had decided to make up for it. I couldn't see, but the breeze from the ceiling fan seemed colder, the bottoms of my feet were sweating, my breathing was shallow, my skin felt like it was paper thin and every touch from him went directly to my pussy. It was throbbing! I could feel the lips swelling in excitement and anticipation. I wanted so much to feel him, but I was told to keep my hands up. 

He then pushed my knees up and back to my head, my pussy and asshole at his disposal, opened up for full viewing. He kept saying he liked what he saw. Frustratingly I could not see anything. I was amazed. Here was someone I've never seen, never touched, never talked to and he was telling me that I was very pretty. I didn't know what to say. So I didn't say anything. He licked my pussy, he sucked on my pussy lips like they were his last meal, and his tongue flicked my pierced clit with a vengeance. I was going out of my mind. He told me not to cum without permission, for he could tell I was close to climax, and he wasn't going to allow me to be satisfied so quickly. He had more to show me, he said. He stuck a rigid tongue in my asshole. I'd never before felt that sensation and it was different and incredible. He alternated between my pussy and ass, titillating my cunt, making it beg. I could feel the juices, dripping, streaming out and feel his tongue as he slurped them up. 

Then he did it. The thing I love the most. He got a big tongue full of my juice in his mouth and then he kissed me. I tasted sweet and tangy all at once. It felt like fireworks went off inside my body. I felt a surge of electricity shoot through me like a fireball. He then inserted a finger in me, and immediately found a spot, a spot I never found before, and started working it, hard. By this time I was so wet that I couldn't tell where my pussy stopped and his fingers started. 

My hips were thrusting and my legs were shaking. 'Cum my sweet, cum for me now' I heard. GOD, he told me to cum, and I did, hard. My mind was in shock and he kept telling me I was a good girl, and I wanted to be his good girl. His fingers had not stopped and my body was still responding at full speed. I am not sure how many times I came but my whole body was one big tingle. 

After allowing me to cum once again I got to suck his dick. This was a nice surprise and was very fun to do by feel only. I loved how it fit in my mouth, and tasting his pre-cum was like having an ice cream cone. It dripped out and my tongue reached out for it. I wanted to please him so badly. He made me stop and turn around to sit on his face so we could 69. 

Boy, I never knew a woman could get a "hummer"...!! He covered my whole pussy with his mouth and hummed. The feelings on my piercing were like a hot, moist vibrator...I came again instantly. He turned me around to the side and fingered me some more while I was sucking his dick and he made me cum yet again, all just by his fingers. At one point I think there were 3 fingers inside me. 

Suddenly I was still, he was still, and it felt like hot lava started flowing in my pussy. No movement at all, but I was cumming all over again! This time was different than the others; this orgasm came from some uncharted territory. His hand and fingers were covered in cum and juices and then he let me lick it, yummmmmmmmy! 

He then rolled me back on my side, the position he found me in when he arrived, covered me up, kissed me and got dressed. He leaned back on the bed to say goodbye and I was having some sort of attack. My breathing was so hard, so fast, and so furious. I grabbed hold of his arm and could not let go, and he whispered "You're my little horny girl, aren't you?" He asked if I wanted to cum again and I said yes, but then said no. I wanted to be ready for our next encounter. 

He left me, making me promise not to watch him as he left the house. I did as he asked. I didn't move for 10 minutes after I heard him leave. And I have been sitting here with a Cheshire cat grin on my face all day. Tomorrow... so close, but so far away. He has my total trust, this sexual stranger, this predator of women's pleasure. 

MMMMMMM, I simply can't wait! 

Comments? and Suggestions? are certainly welcome! 