 My favorite vacation spot is Maui. When I step off the plane in Kahului, my mind just settles in to a soft buzz. The temperatures are warm, there is usually a soft breeze coming off the water, and the sounds and smells of the sea are everywhere. My mantra becomes "put it off until tomorrow".

And to add to all of the above, it is a most sensual island. Cool partners become warm, warm partners hot, and already hot partners become insatiable. The following story could only have happened to me on Maui. 

My wife Ellie and I were on a vacation there a few years back. Our good friends Buck and Heather had joined us. We had become a close-knit foursome over a period of several years and had vacationed together on several occasions. But for the first time we stayed in the same condo. 

Sharing a condo increased the opportunities to flirt and tease with each other's mates and we were all guilty. Intimate touches and stolen kisses increased the heat and expectations dramatically. And yet to that point in time, there had not been any overt moves to actually exchange partners. 

However, Ellie and I had used that fantasy to arouse each other in bed at night, albeit in a playful manner. Ellie admitted that she and Heather often talked about doing something wild.

For my part, I quite enjoyed the flirtation with Heather. She was pretty and outgoing. She was short with a medium build, nicely rounded in all the right places. There was little left to the imagination as she idled around the condo in a nightie, and I admit to being particularly attracted to her ass. 

Matters did heat up one evening. We had enjoyed a meal at a restaurant on the beach and were walking home on a moonless night. Ellie had grabbed Buck's arm and they were walking some distance ahead of Heather and I. We could barely make out their forms in the darkness.

Heather walked very close to me and was soon holding my arm as if seeking my guidance. I could smell her scent as she cuddled more closely. I lowered one arm down behind her to hold her by the waist, pulling her toward me so that our hips and thighs were rubbing as we walked. She turned more toward me, pressing a breast against me. We stopped and kissed. The seemingly innocent kiss lingered and lingered, lips slowly parting, tongue tips searching and intertwining. 

She turned to face me fully, moving her body in tight against mine, her face raised for a deep penetrating kiss. I reached down behind her back, caressed her ass cheeks and bunched her skirt up until my hands grasped bare velvet skin. 

"We better move on," I groaned.

"Why?" she responded playfully.

Back at the condo it was obvious that Ellie and Buck had also taken a few liberties. We were all a little uncertain as to how to address the situation and no comments were made.

Later in bed, Ellie and I did not mention the walk home, but we did enjoy one of those intense silent fucks, the only sounds the moans and groans of pleasure accompanied by the sound of a very juicy pussy being ravaged. Let us just say that foreplay consisted of one touch. 

I am an early morning riser, and when in Maui I start each day with a jog down the beach followed by a short swim. The others are usually just beginning to stir as I take a shower. I was late beginning my routine a few mornings after the walk home with Heather. The condo appeared to be empty on my return and I presumed that Buck had taken the ladies shopping. I seldom shop.

I stripped off my sweaty tee shirt as I pushed open the bathroom door to see the delightful vision of Heather, brushing her hair in front of the mirror. She was wrapped in a large bath towel that did not quite cover her ass cheeks. What a pretty sight!

Heather had turned a little towards me, a cool smile on her face and said, "Goodness, you in a hurry?" She lowered one arm a bit to expose the outline of her breasts under the towel.

I murmured, "Ah sorry Heather, I didn't think there was anyone home and was just going to shower." 

Heather continued to brush her hair as she turned towards me, her eyes inspecting me up and down. My hair was matted with sweat and salt water, and I was suddenly thinking that I was not a pretty sight although Heather seemed to be enjoying the view.

I allowed my eyes to drift down to her ass cheeks once more. God they looked inviting, my hands were heating up in anticipation, the memories from the earlier evening flooding my mind.

Her eyes fixed on mine she shrugged, "So shower, I don't mind. I will be a little longer with my hair and makeup." The words seemed to be more of a dare than a statement. She bent ahead to the mirror to examine some feature below her eyes. The damn towel crept upwards, exposing more of her cheeks.

"Ah, so where are Buck and Ellie? When did they leave? Where did they go?" 

She responded casually, continuing to inspect herself in the mirror and fuss with her hair, "Gone about 30 minutes now, I think they went for some groceries and maybe a drive up the coast. They didn't say when they would be back. I didn't feel like moving this morning, so you and I will have a morning together I guess. What would you like for breakfast?"

I had the feeling that there was an implied invitation to have more than food for breakfast. I moved up behind her, peering over her shoulder at her eyes and lips in the mirror. I cupped my hands and rubbed her ass cheeks lightly, before pushing the towel up to uncover more skin. I became more aggressive and massaged her cheeks, squeezing and spreading them. 

"Sure, what's for breakfast?" I was hard as hell, my cock almost bursting although still trapped in my bathing suit. I rubbed it on her hip. 

She continued with her makeup, a non-committal smile suggested that things were going as planned. Her eyes had changed a bit, now just a tad sultry and heavy. "Your swimmers are still damp. Could make you a quiche of some sort. You are all sweaty, thought you were going to shower?"

It has always amazed me how women carry so many threads of thought at any one time, switching back and forth and all mixed up and intertwined. My mind of course was on a single track.

By this time, the edge of my hand was between her ass cheeks, sliding up and down in the crease and threatening to slide in between her legs along her slit. We had entered another world already, the scent of her, and the opaque eyes looking back at me from the mirror, blotted out every other thought in my mind except for one. She shifted a little, her legs spreading.

I went along with her suggestion however, and stepped back and to one side as I stripped the swimsuit to the floor. Her eyes locked on to my stiff cock as it was freed.

Heather was no longer smiling but still composed as she said, as if to herself; "Oh my yes, it is a thick one isn't it."

Did the ladies really discuss the cock size of their hubbies? Was this some sort of a planned encounter? And if it was, what were Buck and Ellie doing right then? 

I showered very quickly hoping to keep this erotic charade moving forward, determined to let Heather set the pace. I stepped out of the shower, grabbed a towel and dried off vigorously. Heather was facing me; her butt was up against the vanity and the towel still more or less in place. 

She loosened the towel near her breasts and said, "You ready for that quiche now? It will take a while to prepare. Are you very hungry?" The towel tumbled to the floor, and her great tits swung free. She had huge brown aureoles and her nipples jutted out like fingertips. 

I looked down her body, her one knee was crossed in front of the other, as if to protect her virginity, but I could see enough of her mound to realize that she had shaved it.

"Oh no," I responded, "no hurry, no need to rush breakfast. We can take our time, chat a bit if you like." I had moved to within three feet of her, still drying myself, each move causing my cock to swing back and forth. She was bracing herself with her hands behind her on the top of the vanity, her eyes now returning again and again to my cock.

"Okay," she murmured, "I think we have all the makings for a nice quiche, do you like any special ingredients in yours?"

I had moved very close to her now, could feel her breath on my neck, her nipples inches from my body. I held my butt back enough that my cock would not quite touch her. "I'm sure that whatever you make will be fine with me. Ellie tells me that you are an excellent cook."

Heather straightened a little, pulling clear of the vanity top while still braced on her hands. The move was enough to push her nipples close enough to my lower chest that they were teasing my chest hairs. Our eyes were locked, our lips inches apart, my cock brushed her thigh.

We stood like that for a minute or more, waiting for the other to make a move, or to say something inane. 

I broke the spell, sliding my hands in behind her thighs, pulling her close against me, "What do you think Buck and Ellie are doing right now?" We kissed lightly, allowing our lips to brush the others, hinting that there was more to come.

"I'm not sure. But probably they are doing something like we are doing." Her tongue tip flicked at my lips, circled them, and pushed through them seeking mine. I had her ass cheeks in my hands, my stiff cock pressed up along her belly as we ground away at each other. I wanted to rub every part of me on every part of her.

I lifted her to the vanity, pulling her ass towards me as I moved between her legs. I looked down at her shaved mound, and then to her eyes as she leaned back on her hands; her tits splayed each side of her body.

I began to tease her pussy, running my fingers back and forth along each side of her slit. "What makes you think that Heather? Did you know they were planning something?" I slipped one finger into her and held it steady.

Heather arched her back towards me, pushing out in an attempt to get more of my finger in her and whispered, "I could tell the way they looked at each other when I said I wanted to stay home and not go with them." She bit her lip as I moved a second finger in with the first, capturing her swollen clit between them.

I bent down and pulled a tit towards me and fastened my lips directly around a big nipple and pinched it before swallowing. Heather groaned but remained braced to the vanity, wide open for me to take her. 

I said, "How did you know that I had a thick cock?" I knew the answer but wanted to hear it from her lips. I grabbed the other tit and brought the nipple to my mouth and sucked hard on it. I took both breasts in my hands and rubbed the nipples together. The thought of a titty-fuck crossed my besieged mind.

"Ellie and I talk a lot. She told me. I have been thinking about it for a while. It's beautiful." Talk about knowing the right words to say, it must have been the first time that a woman had told me my cock was beautiful. She lowered one hand and slid her palm up the bottom of my cock while fingering my balls.

I pulled back from her enough to see her eyes; my fingers went back to her open slit, already slippery and wet. "I have been thinking about you too, wondering what it would be like to put it in you. Did you shave your pussy just for me?"

Her eyes were slits, "Yes, just before you came in. I wanted to look hot for you. Do you like it?"

"Oh yes, I do love a shaved pussy. When Ellie shaves hers, she always gets a special treat." My cock was aching; it was all that I could do to hold back with it. But this was fun.

"I know, she told me." Heather's eyes burned into mine.

"How about you? Do you enjoy that sort of treat?" I circled my lips with my tongue although she knew exactly what sort of treat was being discussed.

"I don't know. Never had one." Heather was squirming on the vanity top; I could sense her moving and spreading more as our lips brushed again.

We kissed, the passion building, our little mating dance nearly completed. I admit to being partial to long foreplay, especially if I am leading the way. Ellie had an expression that she used over the years as I endlessly kissed, touched, rubbed and licked away at various parts of her body. 'Enough already, fuck me please'.

I whispered in Heather's ear, "I'd love to be the first."

I worked my way down her body, pausing with my face between her tits. I had not shaved this day and I loved the feel of my rough beard on the velvet skin of her breasts. She seemed to enjoy it as well. I sucked on both nipples and then licked vertically between her tits in a suggestive manner. 

She was a long way from being casual now, the mating process about to take a direction she claimed she had not yet experienced. I sensed that she could barely contain herself as she used a hand on my shoulder to push me down. 

I knelt down between her legs and rubbed my cheeks on her inner thighs as I moved my extended tongue towards her open slit. I breathed in the hot musky scent of an aroused pussy. Her hands trembled, now holding my head as my tongue flicked at her lips. I pressed my flattened tongue to lick from her butt hole to the top of her slit.

She whimpered and leaned back on her hands as I raised her legs up over my shoulders as I continued to lick and suck her. I sucked and pulled gently at each lip before concentrating my efforts on her clit. She cried out as I flicked the tip before sucking it, harder and harder, responding to her reactions. I fingered her and she grabbed my head to pull her pussy tighter to my face.

I stood up quickly; she appeared to be right on the edge of an orgasm. She kept her eyes closed as I moved my knob to her slit. I was enjoying this, felt in complete control; I wanted to keep her desperate and anticipating the entry. She had started it and I would provide the ending.

I looked down as I guided my knob to her open pussy. The feathered edges of her inner lips trembled and formed a perfect 'O' in anticipation of the entry of my purple knob. 

"What makes you think that Buck and Ellie are doing something like this?" I leaned in and kissed and bit her ear, as I used one hand to stir my cock in her pussy lips. She moved her butt towards me, spreading her knees in an attempt to capture my knob.

"Ellie said that she wanted to, that's why," she groaned, answering like a robot, her mind on my probing cock. She was only getting an inch or so and was aching for more.

"Do you ladies talk about this? How long have you been planning for it?" I was twisting and pulling on her nipples as I fucked her with about two inches of cock. She didn't answer; I pulled her head back so that I could see her closed eyes. She was drifting off into space and I said sharply, "Heather! Open your eyes and answer me. How long? Did Buck know about it?"

Her eyes popped open as she returned to reality. I gave her another inch or so, sliding my cock in and out of her very slippery hole at a faster pace. 

"Oh, oh, Ellie and I planned it last night. Ah God, Buck didn't know. But he wants to fuck her, always has." I shoved all of my cock into her and she cried out, "I'm coming, I'm coming, don't stop now."

I pulled her ass towards me as she looped her legs behind my thighs and arms around my neck for support. What a feeling, I love to feel a woman getting off while I am fucking her and especially when I am not even close to coming myself. She held me tight, her body virtually glued to mine with her heels digging into the back of my legs. She convulsed, vibrating against me before suddenly relaxing to settle back bracing herself with her hands. Her tits fell each side of her and she smiled a bit as I continued screwing her.

"You are bad, you talked me into that didn't you?" Her lips were pursed in contentment. "That was beautiful, haven't come that hard in years. Come for me now. Want to see your eyes as you fill me. Take me to bed, let me ride you. I want to watch you."

We both looked down as I pulled my knob out to the lips of her pussy, circled it around and said, "You sure? Feels damn good there," and rammed it back in to my balls.

She settled back on her hands and closed her eyes as I fucked her slowly. It did feel good but the thought of her hanging over me, dangling those great tits over my face gradually changed my mind. I pulled out of her and lifted her down and we rushed to her bedroom.

I lay on my back and watched silently as she clambered up over top of me. She had assumed control now and was obviously ready for payback. She crouched over me, knees each side of my hips and lowered down to the point that her pouting pussy lips brushed the end of my knob. She bent down over me and swung a nipple to my mouth and as I slowly inhaled it she said, "I'm not sure if we have any spinach for the quiche. Is that okay with you?" She moved her hips to allow her wet slit to slide up and down along the bottom of my shaft.

Damn, I wanted it in her, but going along with her I responded, "Ah, that's okay, I really don't need spinach." I tried to surprise her by pressing back down on the bed in hopes that I could drive my knob into her hole. But she anticipated the move, and suddenly she was riding the top of my cock, which was pressed down along the length of her slit to the point that my knob was now tickling her butt hole.

"Oops," she murmured, but allowed it to remain in place and even pressed down as if trying to capture the knob. I moved my hands down behind her, and pulled her cheeks apart. If that was where she wanted it, any port in a storm for me. But she returned to sliding her slit up and down the top of my pulsing shaft.

"I think that Ellie was going to get Buck to take her to that nude beach." Heather was not quite as cool now, her pussy stroking along the top of my cock at a much quicker pace. "That one we were talking about the other day, remember?" 

"Oh baby," I groaned in delicious agony, "don't think they would fuck on the beach do you?" She was moving up and my knob was inching towards her hole. I was poised to drive it up into her when it was lined up. She was straightening her body now, lifting up, the denouement was close at hand. Her hands pressed in my rib cage and her tits swayed over my face.

"Bet they would if they could find a place in the bushes," Heather's voice squeaked in anticipation as her pussy lips encased my knob and she started to sink down slowly.

I could feel my knob parting the velvet folds of her vagina as I arched my back upwards to meet her. The small talk was finished now. I grabbed her ass cheeks and began to whale away at her pussy. She bent over me, crushing her tits against me, while licking and biting at my shoulders as our bellies whacked together. 

She pushed up a little as she could sense that I was about to blow my load in her. "Do it Jim, fill me now, hard baby, hard," her eyes burned into mine. When she felt my first blast however, I could feel her ass clenching and she came down hard on me and pressed her body back and thrust her pussy at me with each desperate stroke. My legs were frozen straight out under her as all the erotic tension was released. She continued to grind away, twisting her hips as if trying wring out every drop of my cum.

We lay there a while. Reality returned, we were a little self-conscious, two people thrown together in sudden intimacy. She lifted off of me, and rolled to her back. 

We were suddenly aware of the sounds of doves cooing outside the lanai doorway, the drapes moving slowly to the morning sea breeze, the sounds of the surf off in the distance. 

"Did you ever try smoked salmon in a quiche?" I ventured. We both laughed and she struggled to sit up and looked down at me.

"But maybe we should shower off first, don't you think?" 

I looked at this very sweet vision of a woman who had desired me and who had wanted to make love. I reached out and hefted one lovely breast in my hand and grinned, "Sure, we can have the quiche for lunch."