 I'd been coming to this same cafe for months, ever since the new owners had taken over. The food wasn't the best but one of the waitresses was absolutely stunning. Her name was Nikki and although she was only five feet three tall her figure was perfect. Her tits looked gorgeous, even though she always kept them well hidden beneath skin tight tops, and a beautifully rounded ass. There had been many days when, after visiting for a full English breakfast, I had gone straight home and wanked myself over thoughts of what I would like to do with her. I knew that I would never stand a chance, even though she was single, I was twice her age.

I walked in and there she was, behind the counter as usual, in her tight top but for some reason she looked even more stunning than usual. Apart from me and her place was deserted. I walked over to the counter and she looked up smiling.

"Do you want the usual Jake?" She asked.

"You know me so well Nikki breakfast with everything please." I responded laughing.

"See if you can find a seat." She told me with a wink and went out into the kitchen.

I took one of the daily papers, that they had delivered daily and the coffee she had poured for me and went and sat by the window. I opened the paper and waited for Nikki to bring out my breakfast. I had only managed to read a couple of pages when I heard a loud crash and then Nikki screamed out, causing me to almost drop my mug. I called out to her but got no response so I went to the counter and looked through to the kitchen.

Nikki was leaning against one of the work surfaces and she looked as though she was crying.

"Is everything alright Nikki?" I called out.

"Don't worry about me Jake I'll be okay in a minute." She replied sobbing gently.

"Tell me what happened you screamed that loud I almost spilt my coffee."

"I'd just heated the frying pan and then knocked it causing the fat to splash over me."

"Maybe you should have worn the apron." I told her trying to make a joke of it.

"Don't worry I will in future that fucking hurt." She said and I was sure she smiled as well.

"Are you sure you haven't done any damage to yourself."

"I don't know I haven't looked yet give me a second."

Nikki walked out into the front of the cafe and locked the door. She came back into the kitchen and, without saying a word, pulled her top over her head. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, she didn't seem to care that I was there and that she was standing in just jeans and a bra. I had been right about her tits though, they were gorgeous. She was wearing a purple lace bra that looked to be two sizes too small for her and her tits were straining against the fabric, looking like they would burst free at any second. I couldn't take my eye of her as she turned to me and asked if I could see any burn marks.

"I-I-It's a bit red but it looks okay." I stammered.

"That's a relief I couldn't shut up for the day my old man would kill me." She said.

"I don't think you will need to worry about that." I told her my eyes never leaving her tits.

Nikki noticed that I was staring at her tits but instead of putting her top back on she looked down at them herself.

"Oh do you think I may have scalded my tits?" She said and before I could respond she had whipped her bra off freeing herself.

My cock sprang instantly to its full length and I squirmed slightly at the tightness in my trousers. 

"Can you just make sure there isn't any marks on them Jake?" She asked.

"They look perfect to me I told her." I told her eyeing her nipples which were dark and erect.

"Thank you very much but I meant did I burn them." She sniggered.

"T-T-That's what I meant as well." I said stuttering trying to hide my obvious bulge.

"It looks like I'm not the only one with a problem." She said and looked down. "I better check that for you Jake it's only fair you checked me."

Before I could say another word Nikki had thrown her arms around my neck and was pulling my head down towards her tits. My tongue flicked at her nipples as soon as it was close enough and Nikki let out a small gasp. Grabbing at my trousers Nikki undid them deftly with one hand and let them fall to the floor. She let her hand brush against boxer shorts and fully erect cock, causing me to twitch slightly, before easing her hand into them and wrapping her fingers around my shaft. Slowly she started to wank my cock as I sucked and licked at her nipples.

Nikki expertly teased my cock, almost making me cum very quickly, before she grabbed my hand and guided it to her crotch. I began to rub at her pussy through the denim and as I did Nikki's wanking became faster. I let out a small gasp as she squeezed my cock and then stopped wanking me, which was a relief as I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer. Taking my mouth away from her nipples I fumbled at her jeans, struggling to undo them, and Nikki moved my hands and flicked the buttons open. 

"Slide them down and lick my pussy Jake." She almost pleaded.

I didn't need her to ask me twice and I dropped to my knees tugging at her jeans and panties as I did so. Her pussy had a small amount of dark hair above it, shaved into a neat triangle, and I gently parted her legs slightly. As I moved my head forward the smell of her pussy reached my nose and I breathed the aroma in deeply. I delicately separated her outer lips and flicked my tongue at her moist opening. As I tasted her sweetness I pushed my tongue out further and went deeper into her. Nikki gripped my hair, pulling my face deeper against her, and ground her pussy against my eager tongue. I lapped at her as Nikki let out a series of small moans before she gasped out louder as her orgasm tore through her body.

Nikki pulled my head away from her pussy and looked down at me. I could see in her eyes what she wanted and I stood up. Brushing everything off the worktop I lifted her up and sat her on there. Opening her legs for me I could see her pussy glistening with her orgasm and pushed my cock against her, sliding in easily. Nikki wrapped her legs around my waist and held me tight as I thrust my cock hard into her soaking pussy. Pulling at my hair Nikki threw her head back and screamed out time I pushed my cock deeper into her pussy, my balls slapping against her ass.

"Fuck me harder Jake make me cum again." She screamed out.

"Yes Nikki cum for me I won't be long." I gasped back at her sweat pouring off my forehead.

"Oh god I'm Cumming Jake harder."

I pulled my cock back as far as I could before ramming it as hard as I could into her. Nikki screamed as she had another orgasm.

"Fucking hell Jake don't stop." She begged wrapping her legs tighter around my waist.

"Oh shit I'm going to cum Nikki." I shouted.

"Take it out and cover me with it Jake."

Pulling my cock out quick I wrapped my fist around the orgasm covered shaft and began to wank vigorously. Nikki plunged two fingers into her soaking pussy her juices running out and as she did as I felt my cock twitch. With a final stroke cum spurted from the end of my cock like a fountain splattering against Nikki's stomach and running down into her pubic hair. Nikki pulled her fingers out of her pussy and ran them through the mixture of our juices before sucking at them greedily.

"Fuck me Jake I needed that I haven't had a fuck for weeks." Nikki said breathlessly.

"I don't believe we just did that." I told her.

"We better get dressed and tidy this lot up quickly." Nikki said glancing at the clock.

I helped Nikki tidy the kitchen and once we had finished she unlocked the shop to let me out.

"Will you be in tomorrow Jake?" She asked.

"Yes and maybe I will get my breakfast then." I said laughing.

"Will that be with everything?" She said with a wink.