 BREAKING BACK OUT,

The Origin of Uncle

PART I

My live-in girlfriend, of only two years, had always said she'd love to move back to Los Angeles and I'd always said I'd love it if she'd move back to LA or simply out of my house, I didn't care! So when she finally kept her promise, I was ecstatic, but I needed to complete one last act that would severe the dangling limb that had been our Titanic-like relationship.

My best friends had often talked about spending a few mindless hours at one of the many Indian casinos in the area, but I wasn't into gambling and had never spent a dime or moment inside of one.

I thought about that fact. I'd never been to an Indian casino, but I needed a certain break from reality and I didn't think I could do it in a familiar setting so the next thing I knew, I was on the freeway and following my GPS to an Indian casino a couple of counties away.

A few miles before the casino, I spotted an adult toy store and thought I'd pick up a few new toys to try. I walked into a set of mantrap doors which led into a typical shop with various types of toys grouped together and hanging from huge peg boards. Despite a few cars in the parking lot, the place was empty except for the clerk. There was nothing there that I was unfamiliar with so it was only a matter of figuring out what I was in the mood for and how I might find it.

The clerk was a cute, Goth girl (in her late twenties), with a few tattoos and piercings but not excessive for my taste. She had on a pair of combat boots and a short shirt with a midriff-exposing black tank top (her pierced nipples were clearly and proudly showing through), topped off with a Joan Jett haircut.

I slowly walked along the wall, studying the various devices and letting my mind wander until I got to the butt plug section and saw something new...a chrome butt plug with a large crystal on the end. I looked around to see if I could spot a panty section and found it further down the wall so I began gathering the items I needed (two chrome butt plugs with gem caps of different sizes, two packages of panties in two different sizes, an inexpensive blindfold, a small Rocket vibrator) and as I was about to select a dildo when I noticed I could get a doubled headed one for about the same price.

"You never know," I said to myself.

Lastly, I noticed a vibrating egg that worked off of a wireless remote or a cell phone app. It was a little pricey, but it had so many possibilities that I couldn't resist. I walked to, and placed my selections on, the counter and the Goth cashier looked at them and let out a small sigh.

"This looks like it's going to be quite a party," she said.

"I'm playing it by ear, but it'll be fun one way or the other. I have a few days to kill," I replied.

"If you're looking for new friends, you can call me and my boyfriend. We like making new friends."

I looked directly at her, studied her face to make sure I understood what she was saying and then she winked at me.

"I get off at ten and I'm off for the next two nights. I'm Alicia. Call me here during the afternoon, if you're interested," she chuckled.

She finished ringing up my new toys as I grabbed a handful of condoms and lube from the bowl next to the register and threw them into the pile, handed her some cash and her chuckle was cut short when she saw the money.

"Keep the change so you remember me," I said.

As I started to walk out of the door, she called out to me.

"Hey!"

As I turned around to face her, she pulled her T-shirt up and let me have a nice, long look at her breasts.

"So you can remember me!"

She blew me a kiss, I gave her a wink and was out of the door.

After arriving at the casino and parking my car myself (I had visions of the valet taking my Ford out for a Ferris Bueller-like joy ride), I entered the lobby and slowly examined the new surroundings. It was plush, but overly lit and there was the din of quarters dropping into slot machine trays and people who were excited over the thought of how much laundry four hundred quarters would cover.

I checked-out the various games and decided I'd start with a little blackjack. I'd always been fairly good and I knew a few professional tricks that would improve my odds. I sat down at an empty five dollar minimum table, placed my bag of toys on my lap, peeled out ten twenties and the dealer gave me my chips. I placed three ten dollar bets, watched the dealer deliver my cards and looked at them.

Hand one was eleven, hand two was eighteen and hand three was nine. I took one card for hand one and was rewarded with a ten. I stood on the eighteen and took a six on the nine, after which I indicated I was good. The dealer turned over her cards, one by one, until she was busted. I had three winning hands and one was a twenty-one! I was already winning! After a couple of hours, I'd been was really winning so I felt it was time to take my winnings and move on. I tipped my dealer, cashed out, made my way to the cocktail lounge and sat at the bar.

As I nursed my drink at the bar, I scanned the other patrons of the establishment through the mirror mounted behind the bar. I saw a few couples and a couple of groups of people, but sitting in a dark booth, by herself, was an attractive, dark-haired woman with Asian-Pacific features. 'She's in a booth and probably waiting for a girlfriend or her husband. She could be the mom of a teenager and I'd still have twenty years on her', I thought. Towards the bottom of my second beer, I noticed she was still alone and had barely touched her drink so I beckoned the bartender.

"That woman over there. How long has she been sitting there?"

"Over an hour," he replied.

"Is she alone?"

"So far."

"I'd like to send her a drink."

When the blonde waitress delivered the drink, I managed to catch her eye in the mirror and gave her a slight nod of approval. I wasn't sure whether or not I'd detected a subtle invitation to join her until the bartender returned.

"She asked if you'd join her."

I gave him my credit card.

"Would you get me a room if I give you the signal?"

"Sure."

I got a fresh beer and crossed the room to her table.

"May I join you?"

"Please," she replied.

From what I could see, she was petite, but not demure, tastefully dressed and her long dark hair didn't hide her modest bosom or the cleavage revealed through her blouse that wasn't fully buttoned.

"You look like you could use some company," I started.

I slipped into the booth and sat next to her as I placed my toy bag on the far side from her and our knees briefly made contact.

"Thank you. I'm not sure why I came here, but I had to get away."

"Trouble at home?"

I had mixed feelings about any answer she might offer.

"No, just boredom. You know...work & kids...that kind of stuff."

That was an answer I hadn't considered and all of a sudden it dawned on me, there had been no mention of a husband so I started to think...MILF! Perhaps not a gentlemanly thought and one I certainly wasn't about to say out loud, but still.

"Would you allow me to be a pleasant diversion?"

"That would be nice," she replied.

"Let's see if we can do better than that," I responded.

"What did you have in mind?" she asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"Let's play a game of 'No'."

"I've never heard of that."

"It's simple. We both try our best not to say the word no."

"What are the rules?"

"Number one...we reveal nothing personal."

She looked at me with a puzzled look.

"You're only trying to escape for a while and so am I. Let's keep it simple. First thing is...we need names. We already agree not to reveal anything personal so I'll pick a name for you and you'll pick a name for me. How's that? We can talk about any rule changes when and if we need to."

"Okay. I think I get it. I think I'm going to call you...'Uncle'."

I must've had a perplexed look on my face after she responded.

"You remind me of a friend of my dad's. I called him Uncle even though he wasn't related to me. Jeez, I've never told that to anybody, not even my girlfriends."

"Go ahead. I don't know any of your girlfriends."

She took a deep breath and another gulp from her drink.

"When I started getting older, I thought about him a lot and started fantasizing about him while I masturbated. A couple of times, I almost made a move on him, but I was too scared."

"Okay then. Uncle it is."

I pretended to be contemplating something and then appear to have an idea.

"I'll call you 'Little One' and I'll expect you to behave accordingly. Okay, Little One?"

I'd known what I was going to call her all along.

"Yes, Uncle," she replied.

I'd added a new aspect to the game and, while it was subtlety done, it still might've been what she actually wanted. No matter, we were on our way.

"The next rule is...whatever we do, it will be safe, sane and consensual. Understood?"

Little One nodded yes.

"From now on, you'll have two choices regarding what we'll do. You'll decide what we'll do by 'not' saying no. I'll move slowly, but you'll set the limits. Once you do say no, then we'll stop and that'll be all. No means no."

Little One looked confused, again, and before she could form the words for her question, I provided her with an answer.

"If, at any time, you feel uncomfortable or something is happening that you object to, all you have to do is say the word no, loudly and clearly, and all activity will stop."

"Even during sex?" she asked.

"Especially during sex! I take sexual assault charges very seriously so I want to make sure there is a clear understanding between the two of us about what we will or won't be doing. I can take you to sexual places you've never known existed, but you must allow it. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Uncle, I understand. No means no. I can stop whenever I want."

With that settled, we began talking about being at the casino and gambling in general and I extended my right arm out and around her which, in turn, caused her to slide slightly closer to me. Our hips and thighs were in contact beneath the table and my hand rested on her shoulder. I wrapped my left hand around my beer and took a sip, then she reached for her drink, as well, but when she sat back, she was close enough that my hand was hanging above her breast.

"I'm going to kiss you, now," I told her.

I slowly leaned in and gave her a slight peck on her lips, followed by a stronger kiss until she responded, in kind, and our tongues began to intertwine. I released my grip on my cold beer, placed my hand on her bare thigh and her reaction to my cold hand elicited a slight gasp from her, but instead of clamping her legs shut, she parted them to give me better access. As I slipped my hand up her thigh, she opened her legs wider so I took the hint and continued moving my hand until I encountered her bald pussy.

I pulled back from the kiss and looked directly into her eyes as I began to slowly pry her pussy lips apart and toy with her entrance. Her eyes remained locked onto mine as my finger slowly invaded the love canal between her legs. It was only when I flicked her clit with the tip of another finger that she closed her brown eyes, shivered and let out a slow breath through pursed lips.

I was very much into it and hoping to take it further, but I wanted to take more time and build up the pleasure so I withdrew my sticky hand and ran my wet fingers across her lips, giving her the chance to taste herself. I'd never seen anyone lick their lips so thoroughly while savoring each second. I wet my own lips with her juices, as well, and reached for my beer for another sip.

I managed to get the attention of the bartender and gave him a slight nod, after which I saw him pick up the phone. I turned my attention back to my new companion to find her lips already waiting for mine so we began another passionate kiss and, as I stroked her thigh, she placed her hand squarely in my lap and squeezed my erect cock. I felt myself throb in her grasp as I ran my hand back up her leg, to her pleasure portal, and I felt her hips gyrate under my hand as I played with her pussy lips and slipped a finger into her. She squealed into my mouth as I held her tight and continued to move my fingers inside of her and flick her clit, again and again.

I felt her grab my cock, again, and stroke it lovingly before she started tugging at my zipper. I continued to play with her pussy, alternating between thrusting two fingers into her and rubbing her clit with my thumb, both of which caused her to not only squirm, but temporarily give up on unzipping my pants and, instead, coat my hands with her juices. Her hand remained in my lap and occasionally squeezed my erect cock, but she was pretty far gone and on the way to her orgasm. I could actually feel her soaking the back of her skirt as I continued to finger her while in the darkened booth in the bar. Our kiss broke and we breathed heavily into each other's ears while my hands continued pleasuring her.

"I think we're being watched," she said in a throaty voice.

"What makes you say that?"

"The waitress is at the far end of the bar and I think she has her hand under her skirt." I remembered the blonde.

I kissed her neck and continued to work my fingers in and out of her.

"Watch her as you come for me." 

As I brought her closer to orgasm, her grasp on my cock through my pants lessened as she became more distracted by my manipulations between her thighs.

"She's looking straight at me!"

Without acknowledging our audience, I continued with my manipulations and continued to get the expected results. She ground her pelvis into my hand and squirmed and moaned as I brought her to the brink of orgasm, several times, and then allowed it to subside only to restart the process and build it up, again. Her panting became deeper and labored as she struggled to keep her moans from carrying across the entire room as my hands became coated with more of the nectar that flowed from her pussy.

"Oh god, I'm going to cum! I'm cumming!"

Her hips ground so hard, her pussy almost swallowed my hand! I could feel the moisture from her labored breathing on my ear and her hand had a firm grasp on my cock as I felt her entire body shudder and twitch as her orgasm continued while I did my best to drag it out as long as possible.

"I'm cumming, again! She's watching me cum! Her hand is under her skirt!"

I continued to help achieve her last orgasm and then let her slowly wind down, her breathing became less labored and her vice grip thighs released their grip on my hand. I used my finger to trace a trail of moisture onto her lips which she hungrily began sucking, not wanting to waste a single droplet.

"Can we go somewhere and take this further?" she asked.

"Yes, I think we can find somewhere more private to continue playing."

She grabbed my hand and began to leave, but I stopped her.

"I need to go settle up at the bar."

Her hand was still in mine, which was coated with her juices, as we walked up to the bartender and extended my credit card out to me.

"Sign here and I'll put it on your room. Here, I convinced the manager to give me your key. Enjoy!" he murmured with a smile.

Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted my new friend talking to the waitress while standing rather closely to her.

"What did she say?" I asked.

"She thanked us for the show and gave me her number."

"Did she want you or me?"

"Us!"

We walked, hand in hand, to the elevators in silence. There was no telling what might happen over the course of the next few days. We were barely in the elevator when she turned to me and almost devoured my mouth with her own, running her tongue over mine and wetting my lips. My hands were all over her until they, eventually, migrated down her back and to her heart shaped ass. I moved my right hand between us and to her super slick pussy, inserted two fingers into her channel and gave her a few good thrusts which she responded to by grinding her pussy on my hand, but as I smeared her juices all over her pubic area, the elevator shuttered to a halt and we both straightened up into the corner of the car. Little One made a comment before the doors opened.

"This elevator smells like pussy!"

The doors opened and two couples entered.

"Yours!"

I slid my hand from Little One's back, down to her ass and then continued down until I reached where the back of her dress was soaking wet from Little One's juices. I ran my hand up the back of her upper thigh and then between her legs until I reached their apex. As we stood in the crowded elevator, I gathered her wetness and smeared it over her asshole until I felt it was ready and, when the elevator lurched next, I popped a finger inside of her ass. I was rewarded with a small yelp of pleasure.

I noticed the shoulders, of one of the other women, moving slightly as she chuckled and I could tell she was smiling. Little One and I had an audience, although an aural one, but she would think about it later.

I continued to slowly work my finger in and out of Little One's ass as she gently rotated her hips and tried to keep her pleasure noises to a minimum, while trying to maximize her joy, until we got to our floor. When I pulled my finger out of her ass, she looked at me with a little pout and I responded with a little pat on her ass and a smile. As we exited the elevator and walked down the hall towards my room, Little One was a few steps ahead of me and flashed her bare ass at me. I hadn't actually seen her ass, before then, despite how much I'd played with it. It was indeed heart shaped, with barely a tan line, and during a brief reflection of light from the hallway, I saw the trail of moisture running down the inside of her thighs.

I stopped at our door, but Little One continued her flashing walk until she turned around to catch my reaction and saw I was not behind her. All of a sudden, she immediately covered up and ran towards me as if she were afraid of being seen. I'd unlocked the door and stood there holding it until she was in front of me, but I remained still. She looked at me, a little confused.

"Little One, did I say you could cover yourself?"

Her look of confusion slowly changed to a devilish grin as she pulled the hem of her dress up and over her head until she stood in the hallway wearing only her heels and a smile. I slowly opened the door wide enough for her to enter and she slowly walked into the room as I picked up her dress from the hallway floor, followed her inside and shut the door.