 Ella was tossing and turning on her king bed, ruffling up her red satin sheets. She was anxious for her husband Ashton to return home sometime throughout the night. He called her earlier that day with a surprise that he was able to get the weekend off. He worked as a private investigator for a large corporation. This kept him busy and traveling sometimes weeks out of the month. Ella was dressed in Ashton's favorite black teddy, she got goosebumps thinking about their last reunion; Ashton pouring hot chocolate syrup all over her body and licking each piece off with a slow, reverent pace that sent her over the edge. With these thoughts she drifted off to sleep.

He kept the lights off, he didn't want to wake her before he was ready. He stripped down to nothing and gently pulled up the sheets. He stood there for a moment admiring her. She was lying on her side, her nightie slid up so he could see her perfectly shaped ass; he was pleased to see she was completely naked under that nightgown. Her dark, curly locks fanned against the pillow with a piece resting again her cheekbone. Ashton was getting hard just looking at his beautiful bride. They had been married a little over two years but to him she'd forever be his bride. 

He got in lying beside her back just far enough so they weren't quite touching, although if his erection grew any larger she'd be sure to feel it against her thighs. He blew his breath on her neck and whispered "I love you," her breathing kept its steady rhythmic beat; she was still sleeping. He started grazing her thighs up and down with his fingertips and giving her soft kisses at the nape of her neck. Her breath deepened and she stirred. His fingertips made their way up to her soft, smooth stomach and back down until he felt her moistness. His thumb found the hood of her clit and he massaged it slowly. "Ashton," she whispered and his boner reached her thighs. She started moaning and moving her hips against his fingers and rocking against his dick. His other hand pulled her closer so their bodies held a tight seal. 

He was going to cum soon and by the way Ella moaned she was in her way too. He had to have her. He lifted her thigh and positioned his tip right against her opening. Ella was wide awake now and craving Ashton's dick. She lifted her hips as he slammed into her. Ashton groaned, he rocked her back and forth, one hand making circles on her clit, the other hand against her hip pulling and pushing her deeper onto his cock. "Oh God, Ash I'm going to cum for you," Ella shouted. She felt the ripples of pleasure attaching to every muscle in her body, she squeezed herself around him and together they moaned and shivered as each wave of orgasm crashed into them. 

"Welcome home, baby," Ella said with a smile. 

"Glad to be back," Ashton kissed her cheek, he kept his arms wrapped tight around her. Fully sated and exhausted they fell asleep, bodies still entwined. 

Not a few hours passed by when the loud ding of Ashton's phone went off. Ella instantly woke up. With Ashton's new job they grew accustomed to interruptions at any time, day or night. It was hardly daybreak and Ashton groaned digging his face into Ella's hair. The ding went off again.

This time Ella pouted, "Nooo you can't have him today." Heavy lidded Ashton reached for his phone. Sure enough it was his partner, Derrick, alerting him to a new lead on their case. "What is it?" Ella asked. Another Ding...Derrick: Meet me at Albie's Do Jo in thirty. Ashton groaned again, 

"I'm sorry, doll. It shouldn't take longer than a few hours." They got up and showered together. Ella got out early to prepare breakfast while Ashton finished getting ready. She kept her towel on and nothing else as she fried some eggs, if he was going to have to leave her she was at least going to tease the crap out of him. He came downstairs smelling of yummy cologne, dressed in his gray suit and green tie which always brought out his beautiful green eyes. Ella bit her lip at the sight of him clean shaven, dressed to the nines and, of course, off to work. Ashton's eyes lit up as he saw his gorgeous bride in her towel. 

"Looking good, Ash," Ella purred.

"Not as good as you, Sexy," Ashton retorted. "Will you be a doll and grab me my coffee mug," Ashton smirked he knew his mug was on the top shelf, and Ella at 5'4 would have to reach on tippy toes to get it. She reached to grab his mug and Ashton stole the opportunity to yank off her towel. Ella squealed at the surprise and her nakedness. All the windows were open and Ella knew Mr. Elsbury, their next door neighbor, would sure enough be doing yardwork at this time in the morning. 

"Give it back," Ella yelled trying to climb up Ashton's body as he held the towel way above her head. He grabbed her around the waist and hoisted her up onto his shoulder as he walk over to the couch. She continued to squeal and Ashton gave her bare ass a nice loud smack. He threw her down on the couch. She landed on the cushions, she was flushed from excitement and laughing. God he could fuck her so hard right now. Instead his phone dinged again and they were reminded of his too soon departure. 

Ella was getting ready for her best friend Lily's bachelorette party. Ashton was still stuck at work he didn't know when he'd be able to get out. Ella texted him the address of the club they were going to in case he was able to leave work. Club Juniper's was the name of the club. It happened to be a strip club and dance club in one. Though, Ella had heard rumors that a lot more went down at that club besides stripping and dancing. The ladies were going to start their party at the strip club and make their way over to the dance party after they had a few drinks. 

Ella dressed in sheer black tank with a black lace bra, which barely contained her already large breasts, and a black leather skirt. The group of women were to dress as Dominatrix theme while the lovely bride, Lily, would be dressed in an all-white mini dress. Ella wore her stiletto boots and left her hair long hair down. The limo would be picking her up any moment, Ella was about to get her purse and head to the foyer when she thought of the crotchless panties Ashton bought for her last Valentine's day. It was July, and Ella had still had not worn the underwear. Her heartbeat raced with excitement as she quickly removed her underwear and put on the sheer, crotchless thong. 

The group of ten women in the party bus were busy pregaming as the car pulled up to Clun Juniper's. Ella and the rest of the gang already had a good buzz going after their drinking game of shots every time someone said bride/wedding. The ladies drew everyone's attention as the pranced into the club. They were led to the party group suite where there was a plethora of yummy male strippers waiting to dance for them. 

After many strip teases and lap dances, Lily was ready to explore the club. The heard a sexy voice come over the intercom, "Now the awaited Amateur night will commence, will all the lovely participants please make their way to the stage." This got the girls attention and they made their way over to watch the amateurs do their thing on stage. 

"Ella, ella we have to do amateur night!" Lilly exclaimed. Ella laughed at the idea but after all those drinks she was feeling bold and agreed to do it. Lilly got the bouncers attention and Lily and Ella were taken backstage. 

Each amateur was allotted a 2-3 minute song, they were instructed that they could strip down as far as to only panties or they could simply dance around. If they drew enough attention from the crowd they would move on to the second part of performing their own lap dances for one lucky guy, aka the highest bidder. Ella briefly became worried about what Ashton would think. She left her phone in the limo and hadn't heard from him since before she left. Ashton and Ella had always talked about various fantasies: fucking in public, swinger's club, threesomes; this however, was never on the discussed list of things to do. Lily was beyond excited and Ella decided as her maid of honor she had to do this with her friend. 

Lily was called on stage first she was performing to "Love in this Club." She was doing great apart from visibly looking a little too drunk and almost tripping on her dress as she flung it off and into the crowd. A handsome blonde man, about forty years old quickly bid for Lily's solo lap dance, and she went off with him to the V.I.P suite. 

Before she knew it they were calling Ella onto stage and the lyrics to "Nobody" by Keith Sweat came on. This song always got her in the mood with Ashton, oh God Ashton, she thought. She strutted her way onto stage to a big round of applause. Ella loved to dance and her body easily began moving to the beat, she even made her way to the pole. She used it as if it were a man, wrapping her legs around it and whipping her body around. She slowly pulled her shirt up and off to the audience's approval. In her lace bra she had a wave of self-consciousness but her eyes soon locked with a handsome stranger sitting in front of her. 

The way he looked at her made her feel flushed, nervous, and excited. He made her feel as if she were already naked and they were the only two people in the room. He had large muscular arms, a buzz cut, and intense dark eyes; he would almost look intimidating if it wasn't for a small smile he was wearing as he watched Ella's every move. His attention made her feel bolder. She crawled to the floor in front of him and some other male spectators. She got on her knees and was swinging her hips back and forth as she touched her breasts and stomach drawing their eyes to wherever she put her hands. Ella put her fingertips in the waistband of her skirt and pulled it down a smidge on each side. The guys and girls were hollering to take it off when Ella's heart dropped, she remembered the crotchless panties she put on before leaving the house. Before she had to decide what to do the song ended and the crowd went wild. Various guys were bidding for her lap dance and Ella was delighted that the sexy buzz cut man won her dance.

Ashton was in the back booth hard as a rock. He walked into the club just after Lily got off stage. The group of ladies found him and explained to him about Amateur night. Ashton was beyond pleased he arrived just in time to see his hot ass wife do her strip tease on stage. His pants were drawn tight against his thick bulge. He loved seeing his wife being so naughty, even watching her stare at that man as he watched her take off her clothes was a turn on. Ashton so admired the way his wife looked without her clothes on, he was happy to see other people appreciate the woman he got to call his own. 

He watched from the side as the bouncer took Ella and started leading her to the V.I.P suite, she looked so nervous and yet had that flushed excited look she got before Ashton was about to stick his dick in her. He thought about saying something to get her attention but decided against it, he wanted to see her enjoy herself without knowing he was watching. 

Ella walked into the V.I.P suite to meet buzz cut. The guy looked just as handsome in the heavily cushioned purple loveseat and dim candle light room as he did across the stage. The sultry music was playing the background and buzz cut stood up to shake Ella's hand. "Hi there, I'm Tristan. I really enjoyed your performance, you are stunning." He had that deep, sexy voice that made any girl want to wrap up in his every word. 

Ella blushed, "Thank you so much. This was so unexpected, I've never done anything like this before." Tristan and Ella sat together for a while exchanging small talk, laughing, and drinking. Ashton was watching and wondering if she'd actually go through with the lap dance. He did notice she was becoming a lot more comfortable with this man, sitting right up close to him and grazing his arm as she talked with him. Tristan had his arm wrapped around her shoulder, his fingertips gliding across her skin. 

Ashton was surprised he was not jealous, instead he was intrigued and wanted to get a closer look and get his hands on his sexy wife. He walked up to the two in the V.I.P. suite. Ella glanced his way and first looked shocked and then laughed in joy. 

"Babe, you made it!" She said slurring a bit, oh ya he could tell she had her fair share tonight. She leaped into his arms, Ashton held her tight using her hips to cover his huge boner. 

"Glad I didn't miss the show, you looked amazing up there," he whispered in her ear and thrust his hips against hers so she could feel just how much he enjoyed the show. Her eyebrows rose and she bit her lip, "Mmm baby, happy you saw it. This is Tristan, he bought my lap dance. Tristan this is my husband I've been telling you about, Ashton."

The two men shook hands. Ashton instantly felt at ease with this man, he was very respectful and easy to talk to. Tristan bought the table a few rounds of drinks. Ella felt comfortable and very sexy in between these two men with all the attention on her. She soon remembered that she owed Tristan a lap dance. "Alright boys, its lap dance time."

Tristan smiled and touched her leg, "Yes, I've been looking forward to this." "Ride" came on by Ciara and Ludacris, this was her chance. Ella stood up and started swaying her hips, twirling around so she could shake her ass in front of the guys. Ella was bent down all the way so she was sure the boys would get a nice view of her goods. She flipped around pulling off her sheer tank and throwing it at Ashton. She then straddled her legs on either side of Tristan's lap. She took the chance to grab his big arms and whip her hair side to side so her locks tousled around Tristan's face. He placed his hands on Ella's waist and she moved into him placing her breasts right below his mouth. He licked his lips thinking how soft and supple those tits would be in his mouth.

Ashton came to the back side of Ella and started gliding her skirt up over her waist. He whispered in Ella's ear, "Make our fantasies come true baby, do whatever you want," Ashton licked and tugged Ella's ear with his teeth, she gasped and looked at him, her eyes dark with lust. She turned back and Tristan grabbed her neck and pulled her to him enveloping her mouth with his. His tongue was hot and needy for hers. She responded with the same fierceness. She could feel Ashton on the back of her, he was grabbing her ass in his hands and grinding his boner against it. 

Ashton was so horny for her. Ella was clearly enjoying this and he loved how naughty she was for him. He could feel how hot and wet her pussy was. Pulling back he was surprised to see how wet she was, he got even harder discovering she wore those crotchless panties. What a perfect night to do so. 

Tristan unhooked Ella's bra, no longer able to wait to get her big plump breasts in his mouth. He sucked hard on her nipple and Ella threw back her head in pleasure. She turned her head to kiss her husband whose fingers made their way up to her wet, exposed lips rubbing them around and around, driving her crazy. Tristan starting licking and kissing her lower on her stomach. Ella lifted herself up on her knees to give both the men easier access. Tristan's tongue found her clit as Ashton's fingers went deep inside her. She moaned in ecstasy, she wanted more. She pulled at Tristan's zipper releasing his hard dick from his pants. Ella moved her hand up and down stroking Tristan's large boner, he gasped and pulled her hips closer to his mouth. Ashton came to Ella's side and kneeled on the love seat taking out his boner and telling her to suck it. Ella gladly took Ashton's dick in her other hand and started licking up and down his long shaft. Once it was nice and slick she shoved it in her mouth and he pushed against her head sending it to the back of her throat. She sucked him hard, moaning as Tristan slipped his tongue into her. 

"Ella, are you going to let Tristan have some more of your sweet pussy?" Ashton said. Ella licked from Ashton's tight balls up to his head, "Oh ya, baby."

She stood up in nothing but her crotchless panties and stiletto boots admiring these two delicious men that were hers to do whatever she pleased. Tristan stood up and went behind her, he grabbed her waist and gently pushed her back down. Ella bent over positioning herself behind Tristan and in front of Ashton. She took Ashton's cock and placed it back in her mouth just as Tristan rammed himself in her. 

"God you are so tight," Tristan exclaimed as he pumped himself in and out of Ella. She could feel every inch of him and she loved it. She kept moaning on Ashton's cock as she sucked it harder with each pump. Ashton grabbed her tits and squeezed her nipples. Ella yelled out as Tristan smashed into her grabbing her tight and releasing himself deep in her. She felt her muscles tingle and tighten she was on the edge, Tristan reached over and rubbed her clit as his dick continued to pulse and empty every ounce of cum into her. Ashton grabbed Ella's hair, Ella could feel him grow even larger as he yelled her name and came deep down her throat. At her husband's release Ella cried out and felt her orgasm take over. It was like none she ever felt before; wave after wave of pleasure hit her hard and she collapsed onto Ashton. "Well that was by far the best lap dance I've ever gotten," Tristan teased as he too fell onto the loveseat. 

"Yea I think you owe me more money," Ella laughed. Ashton kissed her lovingly, his naughty sexy bride. 

"Who wants to dance?" Ashton asked. They shared a few more beverages and soon made their way to the dance floor.