 Note: This story is somewhat lighter than the other Breaking Clichés stories. 

*****

Scarlett woke up in her bed and laughed as she realized that she must have passed out after her last climax. She could feel her huge dildo between her legs, its tip still nestled against her wet pussy. "Damn! That was an intense orgasm!" she thought. After pushing it on the floor, she stretched luxuriously under the blankets. As her nipples slipped against the soft fabric, she remembered that her pussy wasn't the only thing she had abused this morning. 

Pushing the blanket down and looking at her large breasts, she grinned: her nipples were a lot redder than their usual pink. Closing her eyes, she remembered having sucked on them so hard as she was driving that dildo in and out of her. "I don't think I've pushed John hard enough yet... He still hasn't sucked me this brutally." Scarlett thought, still grinning like a cat with cream on its whiskers. 

As she twisted around, she felt another dildo, much smaller, still lodged deep inside her ass. After scooting down her bed, she sat up on its corner, opened her legs and made her pelvis rotate. The feelings were still delicious, even after three climaxes. Glancing at the dildo on the floor, she briefly considered reaching for it again. But the clock on the wall reminded her that she was going to be late for class if she didn't get up now. 

So she did, keeping her butt-plug inside her as she climbed down the stairs, fully naked. In sync with the sway of her hips, her long dark hair whipped behind her with her every step. What she wouldn't give to have John's cock inside her right now. Leaning against the counter, her plugged ass still teasing her, she drank her orange juice while the sun hungrily caressed her skin. 

Gently twisting against the counter, her legs crossed to enhance the feelings, she checked her emails. John had written to her during the night, and apparently he missed her just as much as she did. Scarlett grinned as she read the brief description of his fantasy, and felt her pussy becoming wet again. When John finished by saying that he had enjoyed teasing her with this email, she grinned, laughed and swore at the same time. If at first she had been able to manipulate him, to push all his buttons, he had certainly learned how to push hers during their many months together. 

Switching to her calendar, she checked the dates again. Three days! Three days before he'd be back here. Scarlett sighed and thought that she would strap him to their bed for an entire week. "Their bed." It was a strange feeling, that. Walking slowly to the stairs, she could see the edge of that same bed. It was not just "her bed" anymore, nor was it "his bed". 

It had been a long while since she had ever slept in a bed that belonged to two people. Technically this was still her place and her bed, but in her mind, it was theirs. With a gentle smile, regardless of the naughty plug that was still making her body buzz, Scarlett walked to the bathroom. 

In the shower, she delicately removed the plug and shivered. She was still as sexually charged and frustrated as she had been this morning, three orgasms ago. "How the fuck am I supposed to survive the next three days!!" she thought, mauling her breasts and tweaking her nipples. In the past, Scarlett has had a lot of long stretches without sex. Once, when she'd been eighteen, she'd spent six entire months with nothing more than her fingers and toys. But that had been her choice! Now, she'd had sex just about everyday since she'd met John. And she had loved every damn one of those times. 

Back in their room, Scarlett looked at herself in the mirror before selecting her clothes. 'What man wouldn't want this in his bed?" she asked out loud, her pretentiousness and cockiness more than equalled by the truth behind her question. The one single thing she'd like to change with her body was her height. "Just three more inches." she whispered. The rest, she really, really couldn't complain about. She had smooth legs that flared upwards into round hips and a small waist, delicate arms, a very pretty face and long silky hair to top it all off. 

And her breasts. John had been, obviously, absolutely fascinated by them. Like all of her boyfriends and girlfriends. When John learned that most of her bras were around 34Fs, like one of his favourite Prima Donna Madison demi bra, he'd told her that he didn't even know they made bras on that extreme size. Scarlett told him that they even had bigger ones at 34G. When he doubted that women could have her slim figure and bigger breasts, she grinned and said, "Only with silicon, my dear... only with silicon." Actually, her own breasts were sometimes too much for her thinner bras. Some of her favourite lacy bras lasted no more than 15-20 days on her. 

Letting her hand caress some of those, Scarlett was tempted to dress extremely sexily today. In the end she resisted the temptation, even if she way absolutely keyed up. She didn't have many unsexy clothes, but today she didn't go out of her way to select the worst offenders. "What good would that bring me?" she thought. Before going back down she looked at the box that contained her Halloween costume, and the void next to it where another box had been for the past month. It was now missing because John had brought it with him. 

Not only was he gone for an entire week, not only was he going to miss the Halloween party here, but he was going to go to another Halloween party without her! And they'd had matching costumes: the Joker and Harley Quinn. Somehow she had managed John not to go with his favorite theme: vampires. Despite some bad movies and T.V. series that were ruining the genre, John really liked the vampire fantasy world. She really liked it too, but Scarlett knew that the party they were supposed to go to would be filled with vampires. 

With the promise of making it up to him eventually, Scarlett had managed to convince John to go as the Joker and Harley Quinn. It hadn't been much of a hard sell anyway: John liked the Batman universe and, like all men, really, really liked Harley... 

When Scarlett had seen his costume, she had helped to enhance the relatively crappy version he had bought. He, on the other hand, hadn't seen hers. It was going to be a surprise, a very sexy surprise. Now she frowned, wondering if his punishment was to never see her wear it. As she raced downstairs, pretty sure that she was going to be late for school, Scarlett shook her head in frustration: why punish him when it wasn't his fault?

Later that day on campus she met Karianne and her latest boyfriend. Judd was his name. Karianne was gushing, a wide smile on her face as she introduced him. Scarlett was polite and smiled at him, but knew she'd probably never see him again. The tall, lean and lithe Karianne had probably never spent more than a week without a boyfriend in her entire life. They were drawn to her like flies and since she hated to be single, she never took the time to really choose. An invitation, a date and a night. Sometimes two. At most. 

Scarlett grinned as she listened to them talking; Karianne wasn't really that bad. Then again, Scarlett really didn't think that it was worth the effort to remember all the details of their rather sordid meeting. He was good looking enough, and didn't immediately look like a stupid frat boy. But that didn't mean much. In any case, she felt a bit let down when she learned that Karianne had invited him to the Halloween party. Both girls had decided to go as a somewhat matching pair: her as Harley Quinn and Karianne as Poison Ivy. 

Seeing Karianne as Poison Ivy would have been an added surprise for John. Ever since the three of them had spent an entire night sharing a threesome and some bondage straps, Karianne and John had gradually become good friends. 

The thought of spending the party with her old friend had helped to overcome the disappointment of not being with John. Now, not only was John not going to be there, but she was going to be the third wheel with Karianne and Judd, who was coming as Batman. Of course. 

Finding an excuse to get away, Scarlett left the new couple in their frothy fizzle of happiness. During her class, she could barely manage to follow the professor. The class itself was interesting enough, but her mind was wandering. So was her hand. Twice in the last hour she had surprised herself and had had to pull her hand from between her legs surreptitiously. As far as she knew, nobody had noticed, but Scarlett knew she couldn't stay there. 

Then again, what else was she going to do? The party was tomorrow, Friday night, and she had no idea how she was going to make it until John came back. Laughing at herself, out loud and drawing the attention of a couple of bored students, Scarlett shook her head. "Oh stop it! It's not that bad, naughty girl!" she thought. 

It really wasn't. She was blowing this out of proportion. "Hmm, maybe if I managed to find my old blow up doll..." Grinning, she shook her head again and folded her books. The professor seemed a bit surprised to see her leave before the end of class, as she never did that, but Scarlett knew that she was not going to learn anything today. Sitting outside in the afternoon sun, she tried to think of a solution. Of course, the best solution would have been for her to go on the trip with John. 

They had talked about it, but soon enough it was clear that it was not a good idea. Firstly, she would be missing an entire week of classes. Secondly, John had said, "I won't be able to do any work or to focus if I know you're right the in the audience, or backstage, not wearing panties..." Which was, of course, a good point. John had been selected to go there at the last minute to replace one of his older colleague. He didn't want anything to distract him as he needed to be at his best to impress the others. John was much older than her 24 years, but in the academic world, he was rather young at 40.

At first she tried to convince him to come back home on Friday night, so that they could be together for the party and the night. But because of his schedule that would mean that he wouldn't be back before 1 am, after having driven 5 hours... Not ideal. And he would miss the brunch on Saturday morning, one last chance to make contacts. 

And suddenly the solution hit her. Why couldn't she join him tomorrow night? She didn't even classes on Friday, and since the conferences would be over, she couldn't distract him anymore. "Well, she thought, I could certainly distract him, but it wouldn't be a problem then..." Grinning, she got up and hurried home. On her way, she received a text from Karianne: she needed help with her costume. Sitting on the bus, Scarlett laughed as her road trip idea became even better. A couple of texts later and everything was set. As soon as Karianne's class was over tomorrow morning, she, Judd and Scarlett would skip town and head for the mountains where John was. They were going to surprise him at the Halloween party. 

After slipping her phone back into her purse, Scarlett allowed herself to play and tease with a freshman sitting across her on the bus. A short skirt, the sun on her thighs and a mind overwhelmed with sex... When she winked at him before getting out, it was all she could do to stop from laughing. His face was all red and he would remember this bus ride for a long time!

After dinner Karianne came over and they worked on her costume for about an hour. As they worked, Scarlett confided to her friend about how badly she missed John. It didn't take long for Karianne to figure out that what she was really missing. "Do you miss him, or do you miss his..."

Both girls laughed as Scarlett replied, "Gods yes! I miss his cock!" 

"Well, he does have a very nice one!" added Karianne, remembering their threesome a while back. "Did you break any dildos last night?"

"No, but not for lack of trying Karianne... I'm actually a bit sore still."

"Well, don't touch them tonight," the tall black-haired girl added, "you'll want to save your strength for tomorrow night!" 

"I don't know if it's such a good idea... If I don't climax tonight, I might eat him alive at the party!" Scarlett said, sighing. 

"If that's the case, I think I have a suggestion." said Karianne before moving a bit closer to her friend. "You know, a tongue is a lot more gentle that a dildo. And I really miss your pussy Scarlett."

Scarlett smiled and turned around to hug her friend. After kissing her neck once, she whispered, "I'd really like that love... But, and you'll probably be surprised, I'm not sure if I can."

"What?" Karianne replied, more shocked than surprised. "But we've had sex lots of times together! I even fucked John! I can still remember his big cock stretching my pussy! You can't be serious!"

"I know, I know... But he was there... I don't know if it makes a difference for him."

"Oh come on!" Karianne grabbed her friend's hips and pulled her hard against her. "I want to eat you until you beg me to stop! I want to feel those creamy thighs of yours clamping down around my head as I push one climax after another out of your body!"

"Stop it" Scarlett cried, laughing as she pulled away from her friend.

"Well, only one way to find out!" said Karianne, looking as serious as she could in the moment. 

"Which is?" Scarlett asked, a bit worried.

"It's simple: ask him!"

"What? You mean call him?"

"Why not? Or text him?"

"And ask him if his girlfriend can have sex with another woman?" Scarlett laughed, realizing just how crazy the idea was.

"Why not? I've had sex with him already! Now, give me your phone!"

A few minutes later, Scarlett was sitting on a chair next to Karianne as her friend was texting with John. Scarlett realized that being very open-minded about sex was a lot easier when in light relationships, or fuck-friends. With John, hey both knew they had something a lot more important that that... How would their sex life evolve? Would it remain classically monogamous? Scarlett didn't want that, but... 

When Karianne laughed, Scarlett pushed her thoughts aside and tried to read the conversation. Karianne was pretending to be her. Their ten minute conversation turned out to be extraordinarily fun, even though Scarlett had to censor one or two of Karianne's craziest messages. Karianne made it very clear that *she* was extremely horny, and in deep sexual need. In the end, John was perfectly OK with the idea of her sleeping with her friend. When Karianne asked him if it was only OK with girls they'd had a threesome with, there was a long pause before John's reply. Both girls were laughing uncontrollably, but John's response ended up being rather on the safe side, "Let's talk about this when I get home." 

Before Scarlett could censor one last message, Karianne asked him if he'd consider having a threesome with another man. Sitting next to her friend, Scarlett froze, her mouth opened, as they waited for John's answer. Once again a long pause. Scarlett said, "Are you crazy Karianne?" But her friend was smiling, waiting for the reply. When it came, it took them both by surprise. "Gods, you must be really really horny to ask me this over texts! Well, here goes: I've never had anything remotely like sex with another man, but you know I've had a few fantasies... That enough for tonight? What's up with you?"

The girls stared at the screen for a minute before Karianne wrote a reply and wished him a good night. Once the session was over, Karianne looked at her friend, "Well, well, well... Your John sure is full of surprises!"

"Oh shut up!" was Scarlett reply. "You keep that to yourself, alright? Otherwise, you're never going to feel my tongue on your pussy again!" Before Karianne could reply, Scarlett added, "Now, what was that you were saying about eating me until I begged you to stop?"

Forgetting about John's secret, Karianne got up and pulled Scarlett up as well. "Go up to your bed and undress. I don't want to see a single item of clothing on you when I get up there." When Scarlett seemed surprised that her friend was not coming up with her, Karianne added, "I'm going to give you the ride of your life, and I need to stretch my lips and jaws." Scarlett groaned and felt her legs going weak. 

Two minutes later Scarlett saw her friend, as naked as she was, climbing up. The first thing she saw was the ponytail Karianne had made. Scarlett smiled, remembering the first time she had seen Karianne naked, before their first night together: Scarlett had asked her friend not to tie her hair up, but she'd replied by saying that it was a lot easier to eat a pussy with your hair tied. Just below that ponytail, Karianne's face appeared as she climbed up the stairs. While Scarlett had seen her friend's face many times, the expression it now had was breathtaking: it was obvious she was going to make good on her promise of eating her until she begged. 

Then her light neck, delicate shoulders and smallish breasts became visible. As her very slim waist and hips came up, Scarlett's eyes were drawn to that thin strip of hair Karianne always kept above her lips. Most of the times, Scarlett wasn't particularly interested in thin women like Karianne. But somehow, perhaps because of her training as a classical and traditional dancer, Karianne had a way of moving that made her lean body really sensuous. 

As her friend finally placed her foot on the floor and pushed herself up, Scarlett's eyes roamed all over Karianne's legs. Long, very lean but clearly very strong, these were Karianne's best assets. Especially if you included her ass. As Karianne turned to walk to the foot of the bed, Scarlett got a nice glimpse at the small but still bubble shaped ass that fascinated men and women alike. 

Karianne then kneeled at the base of the bed, looking up at Scarlett over the smooth curves and valleys of her thighs, hips and belly, and between the two generous mounds of her breasts. Scarlett knew that she was already dripping wet, but when she felt her friend's hands on her feet, then calves, she shivered in anticipation. Karianne and her weren't exactly regular lovers, especially when one of them had a boyfriend. But right now Scarlett would have promised her friend anything just to feel her tongue on her pussy. The thrill she felt when that tongue started on the top of her foot was a very nice release, but not, not at all, what she wanted. 

Sitting upwards, Scarlett grabbed Karianne's ponytail and pulled her towards herself. "Eat me... Eat me now, I want that tongue of yours to plough my pussy right now!" In less than a second, Scarlett's thighs were wide opened and Karianne's laughter was cut as Scarlett pulled her hard against her pussy. Still holding on to Karianne's ponytail, Scarlett threw her head back and moaned, groaned and screamed her pleasure. Very soon, barely believing it herself, Scarlett felt the sparks of her pleasure already smoking, already starting to burn. 

Karianne remembered exactly how Scarlett liked to be licked and sucked. At first, her friend kept her tongue very wide, pushing down hard and doing slow circles across her clit. Wrapping her arms under and around Scarlett's thighs, Karianne reached her her pussy from above and gently opened her labia. Fully uncovered, Scarlett's clit was now feeling the full torrent of feelings as Karianne's tongue kept that familiar pattern. 

Letting go her the ponytail, Scarlett let herself fall back down on the bed, her pelvis thrusting up and down against Karianne's mouth. Gradually, her moans synced up with her thrusts and her thighs closed around her lover's face. When her pleasure finally bloomed, she squeezed her thighs hard, arched her back and cried out in very, very sweet release. She was riding the wave as it crested all over her, once more guiding Karianne with her hand, until she shuddered and pulled away. 
