 Note: This story is a lot harder than my other stories and even a lot harder than all of the other Breaking Clichés stories. If you need your erotic stories to be pure vanilla, then I recommend that you read some of my other stories. 

*****

I woke up slowly, not sure if I had heard my name or not, then saw my angel. Backlit by the morning sunlight, Scarlett was standing right in front of me, looking at herself in the mirror. Very softly, in the absolute quiet of the house, she asked me "Does this still fit me?" I closed my eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. First, coming from a woman, this was a dangerous question. Second, Scarlett is 24 years old and her body hadn't changed drastically since her adolescence. 

Third, she looked like an angel glowing like spun gold un the summer sun. But through the haze of light and beauty, my mind managed to see that Scarlett was fully naked and shouldn't be glowing gold like this. Scarlett's hair was dark, so if she had covered most of her upper body with it, she wouldn't be glowing. Her skin was also very pale, very white. Why then was she...

I placed one hand behind my head and blinked a couple of times, trying to wake up properly. When my eyes finally did, I discerned a fine web of gold strings all over her body from her neck to her thighs. The webs turned out to be very fine gold chains that really glimmered in the sunlight. "So, does this still fit?" she asked again, a smile on her lips. Once again I waited patiently before answering. Of course it fit her. Like a glove actually. 

Scarlett wasn't a tall or imposing woman in any way, but somehow she was made of curves from her neck to her knees. She had breasts that would render men speechless, or unable to debate properly in my case during our first meeting. They were disproportionally large for her small frame, and were still flaunting their size and weight as if gravity was beneath contempt. But her sexiness didn't stop there. Despite her large breasts, Scarlett had a small waist above nicely flaring hips and smooth, perfectly rounded thighs. Not big, just nice and feminine. All in all, she was absolutely stunning and even with proportionate breasts she would have turned heads. And she knew it, often using it to her advantage. 

So, when she asked if her unique jewel still fit, it was either a trick question or she just wanted me to ogle her. During the past few months, I had learned that she really liked that. Not so long ago we had a henna artist come over and do her entire body. I spent essentially an entire day staring at her nude body as she was gradually transformed into an exotic creature. 

I was now nearly fully awake, and my blood flow was starting to converge between my legs. Seeing Scarlett nude was usually enough to get me started, but the very fine jewel somehow made her seem even more glorious. As she let me stare at her body, even though she was talking to me, she explained that one of her old boyfriends had made it for her, using her precise measurements. Luckily for me now, she had been nineteen when he had done it and her breasts had pretty much stopped growing. As she kept talking I could see that the chain around her hips was significantly tighter than the others. It was not obvious, but I was pretty sure she knew about it. In any case, I didn't care much about the jewel itself and felt only luckier that her hips widened since then. It only made her even more desirable. 

Delicately, during what turned out to be a long process, she removed it. As she explained, it was a multi part piece that he had done over the course of a year. Scarlett told me that he had been quite pissed about her breaking up with him a couple of months after it was finished. She had given the very pricey jewel back to him, and for months they didn't speak. Then one day, out of the blue, Scarlett received a small box containing the full jewel. A small note said "It's yours. If you wouldn't mind, I'd really like a picture of you wearing it." She sent him one, but they never became friends or lovers after that. And, to her relief, he had never published that picture anywhere public...

Once she was nude, my show wasn't done. First, she knelt on the bed, then crawled on all fours until she was above my face. Until her breasts were above my face. From time to time, I was blessed with such a breast bath, an offering of grace and lust. Breathing deep, I inhaled her scent, the clean scent of her body, and I opened my mouth to kiss her skin. Soon I was licking her bountiful curves until her aureola was in reach and I sucked her nipple in my mouth. My tongue began its playful assault and I felt her shivering above me. A very soft laugh escaped from her lips. 

With my hands I guided her breasts together and licked my way from one to the other, and even pressed both her nipples together into one mouthful of lust. When I released them from my mouth and her breasts from my hands, I pushed my face up and squeezed her breasts against my cheeks, inhaling her scent once more. I could feel her skin all over my face, from right to my eyes all the way down to my chin. 

My few days old beard was probably scratching her, but she didn't complain as I kept drowning myself between her globes. Hanging from above like this, they seemed even bigger than they were. Gravity didn't have much of an effect on them yet, but still, this position made them as ample as they could be. Turning my head from side to side, I kissed one then the other, squeezing each of them in my wide opened hands. 

When she pulled away I closed my eyes momentarily, grinning like a fool and with a very stiff erection. A while back, Scarlett had made it clear that such breast baths were not always foreplay. If I were to try and pull her to me every time, she would stop doing it. Sadly, this morning was once such occasion. Then again, my show was still not over, so I mourned the absence of her pussy around my cock by watching her dress for the day. 

Scarlett leaned forward into her closet, so that for a minute I could admire her creamy legs and ass from the side. When she pulled back out, she was holding a full regalia of lingerie. It was one she didn't wear often, but one I really liked. It was a set from Lise Charmel, the Exception Gitane model, with the bra, panties, garter and hose. The base of the set was black, with very nice dark red and black lace. What made it stand out was the generous accents of bright red roses on a field of vivid green leaves. The details were intricate and deeply profiled. This is a bra and panties that would be quite apparent under thin clothes. But with winter approaching, Scarlett wasn't about to choose that. Instead she chose a very nice blue skirt and a white lacy top. The lace on the top was very similar to that on the bra, so they would meld together. The final effect was very nice, but couldn't match up to the sight of my love in lingerie. She kissed me and said "Have a good day with your friends!", before going down the stairs and out of the house. 

A few minutes, and a few tissues later, I walked downstairs and ate my breakfast. Looking at the clock, I knew I had about an hour left before having to go out myself and wait for my friends at the airport. Marcus and Noam would be arriving a bit after noon and would spend a few days here before leaving for their week-long seminar in the city, about a five hour drive away. They were both old friends back from when we were all students in college, and we'd managed to keep in touch despite the distance. They had moved to Australia a year after graduating and had remained there ever since. I hadn't seen them in the flesh since about ten years, and it would be a welcomed change from video calling. 

I knew both were looking forward to these few days here before the seminar, but for Noam it would be a much needed break from his ordinary life. Two months ago his long-time girlfriend left him for another man and he's been angry and bitter ever since. Coming here, seeing new faces and spending time at the seminar would do him wonders. At the airport, I was surprised to see him in a great mood, laughing with Marcus. As I looked at them, I tried to discern if Noam was high or something. It didn't look that way, but it was strange. 

Noam looked like an american footballer: not particularly tall, very broad shoulders and big arms, most of his hair gone and a slight beer belly. Never in a million years would people guess that he, like Marcus, was a very successful biologist running an entire wing of a research centre. Marcus could look more different. He was very tall, rather lean and thin, had almost midnight black skin and kept his hair long and braided. 

I grinned when I remembered Scarlett's question when I first showed her his picture. "Oooh... He's good looking! Is it true what they say about black guys?"

"Scarlett! Isn't that racist?" I asked, feigning distress. 

Scarlett grinned. "You know what I mean." she sighed. "So, is it true?"

"Yep. I've seen him in the showers many times back in college. And in his case the myth is true... He has two nipples."

Scarlett slapped my shoulders. "Oh come on! Don't tease me!"

"Haha! Sorry... Too easy. But yes, he is very well hung. I have no idea how big he gets when hard, but it must be quite something..."

"Hmmm, interesting." she said with a small smile.

"Should I be worried?" I asked. 

"Never my love. Never."

I had no idea why I was so sure about her, knowing how voracious her sexual appetite was. But somehow I felt that she was telling me the truth. In any case, Marcus and Noam finally saw me and they rushed me for a big hug. The ride home was very very pleasant, and although we had talked quite a bit in the last few weeks, we still had a lot to talk about. We briefly touched on the subject of Noam's girlfriend, and I realized that Noam was now angry with women in general instead of just with his ex. In silence, I hoped that seeing Scarlett would go a long way to redeem womanhood. At that moment, I had no idea what was going to happen a few days later. Even if the signs were obvious even during the first evening together, it took me a while, and a discussion with Scarlett, to realize just how frustrated Noam was. 

Even on the first evening I noticed some strange behaviour from him. Noam was obviously stunned by Scarlett's breasts and had trouble just maintaining a conversation. That wasn't a problem in itself: it happened to me when I first met her, so I couldn't hold that against him. But all through the evening I noticed that he often just happened to pass very close to her, or bump into her seemingly accidentally. When I talked to Scarlett about it in our bed, she shook her head. 

"John, it's not the first time that a man tries to touch me accidentally." she said, emphasizing the last word. 

"And it doesn't bother you?"

"Only a bit. And he's not so bad. Clearly he was deeply hurt by his ex and I don't think he can reconcile his frustration with women and his lust for me. As long as it doesn't go further, I don't really mind."

I was somewhat surprised by her attitude, but then again, I was pretty sure that Scarlett had had to learn to deal with touchy-feely men. We resisted the impulse to make love on that first night, knowing that while Noam was in our guest room, Marcus was on the couch, right next to the stairs. I woke up in the middle of the night with a raging erection, and even though I was pretty sure that Marcus was deeply asleep, I didn't wake Scarlett. For all I knew he was jet-lagged and wide awake. 

The next morning, I wasn't treated to a special show like yesterday. That didn't mean that I didn't enjoy the sight of Scarlett dressing up. I think I could spend the rest of my life waking up to the sight of her dressing up and never grow tired or jaded. I didn't know, but I was more than ready to test my hypothesis. I had to work all day, and Scarlett had two classes, so Noam and Marcus would be spending the day on their own. They had my car, not my Charger obviously, and they were planning on exploring the town. 

Scarlett joined me for lunch and as we ate, she touched my knee under the table. When my hadn't reached hers, she gave me what turned out to be her panties. I grinned, used to that little game, but still thrilled every time she did it. I had noticed the short skirt she'd chosen today, and now knew that her naked thighs would lead to her equally naked pussy. Sadly, I was going to disappoint her. "I can't Scarlett. I have a meeting in fifteen minutes."

"That's plenty of time!" she grinned, a dangerous look in her eyes. 

"Fuck! I nearly woke you up last night, right after my cock woke itself up!"

"Oh! You should have! Damn it! I was planning on taking the edge off now so that we'll be able to sleep tonight! As things stand, we'll be forced to..."

"Bad Scarlett! Down! Down girl!" I laughed. "Noam's supposed to sleep on the couch tonight... Are you sure you want to do it right above him?"

"Bah... I'm sure if he heard us he'd only masturbate. I caught him playing with my bras this morning... He was in the bathroom and when I entered after he left, three of my bras were on top of the dirty laundry."

"Damn... Poor guy. Are you angry?"

"Nah. But he really needs help. Or to find a girl for him, and not a prostitute!"

"I know... But what's the point of introducing a girl from here?"

There wasn't an easy solution, and not much we could do. I was both sad and a little bit angry with Noam. Once again I couldn't fault him for playing with Scarlett's bras: they were works of art and held the world's most beautiful breasts all day long. Then again, it was still a bit strange. Maybe I could talk with him tonight? 

Dinner time wasn't an ideal time to do it, but Noam sort of forced my hand. At one point the three guys were sitting at the table and Scarlett brought the platter of sloppy joe potatoes. When she leaned above the table to put it down, I noticed that her cleavage became quite apparent. She had a low cut shirt, she usually had, and so her shirt and breasts simply went along with gravity. When Noam said "My Gods they're so big!", we all froze. I looked at Marcus really quickly and saw that he was shaking his head slightly. Before anyone could react or talk, Noam added "I've never seen such big potatoes! Great! They look delicious and I'm really hungry!"

Again he could have meant her breasts, but he was giving us another explanation. And the potatoes were indeed quite big. Scarlett and I had been surprised by their size when we had bought them. Still, most women would have felt humiliated by such a crude compliment. Scarlett certainly wasn't pleased, but she didn't look offended either. When Noam served himself and dug in hungrily, it relaxed the somewhat tense atmosphere. There was a significant silence, but eventually Marcus talked about their day together. Noam went on as if nothing happened, and at this point I genuinely didn't know how conscious he was about his rudeness. Maybe he was feeling so depressed that he was unawares of the feelings of the people around him. 

Scarlett, my bright Scarlett, recovered pretty quickly and we spent a decent evening together. In fact, Marcus turned out to be a very good storyteller and he regaled us with stories of his life in Sidney. Noam joined in as well, talking and laughing as if nothing special had happened. Very strange. Noam had never been the sharpest tool in the shed, but I couldn't believe he had done that accidentally, not seeing the double meaning or our reaction to it. He wasn't that bad, or at least had never been. 

Alone with Scarlett in our bed later that night, whispering because Noam was close by on the couch, I once more asked Scarlett if she wanted me to talk to him. She said no. He was bad, he was rude, but he hadn't done anything worse than a bad joke. She reminded me that she believed that people were getting much too sensitive about everything these days. It was the theme of one of her classes last semester, and through it she'd grown a lot more aware of this problem. 

"In any case," she added, smiling, "they are fucking big!"

"Oh! Stop it!" I said, troubled but amused at the same time. "Noticing them and talking about them are two very different things."

"Of course... And you certainly noticed them at the rally, didn't you?"

She was talking about our first meeting, where I had met her breasts in her little red dress. Since then she had learn just how hard it was to distract me when I'm in full argumentative mode, and had realized just how shocked I must have been by the sight of her breasts on that day. From time to time, she puts that dress with that bra when she wants an edge to win a debate with me. 

"Of course I did!" I said, squeezing her naked breasts in my hands under the blanket. "But I was not about to say it out loud!"

"Of course not, and that's one of the many reasons why I'm naked in your arms instead of being on the couch with a man like him."

"He's not that bad. Or at least he wasn't that bad before."

"I believe you. Then again, you have to get a grip on yourself when things like this happen. It's shitty, but what are you going to do, mop around and fondle young girls for the rest of your life?"

"Pffff! You're not so young anymore, girl! In fact you're lucky that a rich old man like me found you before your charms faded away for good..."

"Oh no you didn't!" was her immediate reply as she began tickling me and wrestling with me under the blankets. 

Minutes later I was holding her tight in a spooning position and my cock firmly hilted itself within her smooth and wet sheath. We both knew Noam was right beneath us, but right now we didn't care. We remained as quiet as possible, but I soon came to believe that he would hear us regardless of our efforts. Scarlett and I lived in a very old house and the floor our bed was on was nothing but thick boards with large beams for support. There wasn't an actual ceiling above Noam, just 2 inches of very old pine. And, again, we didn't care. He had acted like a pig earlier and we didn't feel like being extremely delicate about his presence downstairs. 

I was spooning Scarlett, and decided to take things slower. I pulled completely out and felt myself gliding between her tightly closed thighs. I then pushed back in, all the way to the depths of her pussy. And again... From time to time my head slipped past her sweet hole and slid against her clit and then further against her perfectly smooth mound. Years ago Scarlett had decided that she preferred the fully shaven look, and had spent months shaving herself many times a week. 

Then, frustrated by this task, she had begun a long wax treatment and was now pretty much free of hair. She still had to wax herself a few times a year, but by now her skin felt perfectly silky. Well lubricated by her own juices, her large lips and mound were a delight of their own. I could have remained in this blissful position for years and years... Smooth thighs, hot pussy, silky lips and mounds, back and forth...

But then I got an idea. I had no idea if it was going to work, but I took a chance. "My Gods they're so big!" I said, trying to imitate Noam's voice as best I could all the while grabbing her breasts forcefully. When Scarlett laughed, I knew we were in for a bit of roleplay. 

"Aren't you ashamed of touching me like this?" she asked, whispering. "I'm your old friend's girlfriend! Soon to be fiancee!" Scarlett said, shocking me. 

I had been convinced that she was against that institution, but now... "Bullshit!" I replied quickly, still roleplaying Noam. "John told me he was never going to wed years ago." It was a lie, but it fit the story and it was the best I could come up with after that comment. 

"Oh, but that was before he met me. I have him wrapped all around my little finger!"
