 Note: This story, like most the Breaking Clichés stories, is slightly edgier than my other stories. It's also heavily vampire themed. If you absolutely need your erotic stories to be pure vanilla, then I recommend that you read some of my other stories. 

*****

"Is your passport in order?" Scarlett asked me one cold winter morning, out of the blue, just before leaving for campus. I looked at her, surprised, but she disappeared immediately after seeing my nod and I couldn't ask why. I was still under her spell anyway, having spent the last ten minutes watching her dress. This morning she had woken me up by humming a nice little tune as she dressed, right in front of her large closet. On this lightly cloudy February morning, the light shining on her was very white and very diffuse. Scarlett's skin was always rather pale, but this morning she looked otherworldly. Her lingerie, though, was very real, and extremely hot. 

The bra and panties were both easy to describe: very nice, very bright red lace, with few more details. Most of Scarlett's lingerie was more intricate, but the simplicity of this one worked very well. It was a Bluebella Lucia set. The bra, instead of being reinforced horizontally, had a couple of very firm ribs running from the bottom to the top of each cup. The strap was delicate and split in two, attaching itself to the cup on the outer side of the bra. Simple and delicious. I grinned when I saw Scarlett put the matching garter belt, transforming her into a white and blood red creature. I took a deep breath and sighed, grateful for these morning rituals... 

Once alone, I took my time to wake up, as I didn't have any class to teach this morning. It tried, and failed, to discover why she would ask me that. I travelled quite a bit for work and had to had a valid passport at all times. Scarlett knew that, but felt that she had to make sure. Why? I was puzzled, a bit intrigued. A few months ago, last Fall, I had helped her realize one of her darkest and deepest fantasy. Scarlett had a vivid sexual imagination, and had had a life that allowed her to live most of them. One of her fascinations was the domination aspect of sex, something I had never really explored before meeting her. One of the last remaining fantasies she hadn't lived was to be raped. Ideally by more than one man. When two of my friends, who now lived in Australia, came to visit, I thought it would be an ideal opportunity. 

And it was. It was even strangely fun for me. Ever since meeting her, Scarlett has challenged me to push myself ever further sexually, especially when it came to domination. Participating in her fake rape was the most dominating thing I had ever done. I don't remember how many times she came that night, being faked raped by three men, and neither does she. She spent the following days thanking me non-stop, becoming more grateful as the reality of it sank it. She even promised that she would find a way to make it up to me. I had been surprised, because I thought that she knew she was more than I could ever have imagined in bed. She was an expert cock sucker, actually enjoyed it and even enjoyed deepthroating me; she liked anal even more than I did; she was voraciously sexually awakened; had invited a girl in our bed; had invited a couple in our bed... What the fuck more can a man ask for? 

I told her all this, and she shook her head. She was determined to find something as great for me as that faked rape had been for her. Domination wasn't going to be my own thrill, so she had to find something else, something she wasn't already giving me. This question about the passport was probably related to that. Then again, I couldn't see why. I had no fetish or fantasy about exotic women or locations, and already travelled enough for my own tastes. When I left for the campus, I hadn't a clue what she was up to. 

When I came back home that evening, she was waiting for me wearing nothing but her lingerie. I learned early on in our relationship that Scarlett is most comfortable in the nude, and often, when I came back home, I would find her fully nude. This, of course, was a gift in itself, but it didn't mean anything special. It was just Scarlett being Scarlett. I also learned that when she decided to wear nothing but lingerie, it meant she wanted to have sex. And tonight was no exception to the rule. I wasn't complaining, but Scarlett was in a particularly high and bright mood. Her smiles and grins were brilliant, her energy breathtaking. More often than not Scarlett took the lead in bed. Or wherever else we happened to have sex. Again, tonight wasn't an exception, but this time she wasn't playing at domination. 

She was just extremely happy and wanted to share that happiness with me through her pussy, her mouth, her breasts, her ass... I was overwhelmed by sex, by pleasure and by her love. When we took a last shower at 1 o'clock, in the middle of the night, I had to physically pull her up when she went on her knees to try and revive my cock again. As she realized that her knees were shaking as she stood up, we both laughed and decided to stop it for the night. I was wrong. At around 3 o'clock, Scarlett woke me again, this time with a smooth breast bath. Instincts took over and I grabbed her, sucking and kissing her breasts before fucking them and cumming in her mouth. Spent once again, I asked her "What's up with you?"

"What? Can't a girl show her love?"

"You sure can, as often as you want!" I said, chuckling. "But something's up with you. What happened today?"

"Nothing." was her very short reply. 

"Yeah, right... Either let me sleep or tell me!" I asked, pretty sure it wouldn't work.

"Good night my love... But, I can't promise you that I won't wake you again. I'm confident there's enough lube remaining in my ass that you could fuck it by surprise... If ever you feel like it..."

I groaned, then laughed with her. I didn't fuck her ass a second time in the night, but could resist in the morning. I woke up before her and found her sleeping on her side, her back to me. As soon as I spooned her my cock found its way between her cheeks, then kissed her pussy before slipping an inch higher. She cried as she waked, then laughed as I pushed myself in. "You were right... enough lube!" We were both laughing after that as I fucked her ass. I only had ten minutes, and in any case I was still sore from last night. But, regardless of that, I was not going to pass an invitation to her ass. Gods she was marvellous... My sweet, lovely and loving girlfriend; my little anal slut. Months ago, after a long anal session, she had told me this "Did you know I was your little anal slut? Yours, all yours, anytime you want it..." I had laughed. 

In the shower a few minutes later, alone this time, I tried again to discover what her secret was. It was obvious now that something had happened yesterday, but I still couldn't figure it out. The next few weeks went by without incident, nor any insights into what she had planned. There was something, but I never managed to make her talk, or hear her slip. The first clue arrived early in March, where she told me to make preparations for an extended Easter break. "You're going to use a couple of sick days..." It wasn't that simple, but I managed to reorganized my schedule around that. But try as I might, I couldn't make her tell me what was going on. This year my birthday was very close to Easter, but she assured me that it wasn't that. "Well, it's partly your birthday gift, but more than that as well..." Again I wondered if there was any link between this secret project and her wanting to thank me for the faked rape. Maybe? Probably, in fact. Damn! I would not have made a good detective! 

At the start of the last week before Easter week-end, she told me to pack a bag with clothes for a 5 day trip to a warm climate. Not tropical, no need for bathing suits, just warm. Ok, south of here, but north of Mexico. Not that much of a clue. Thursday morning, my first "sick day" before the long week-end, we left the house and headed for the airport. Scarlett was practically bubbling with pleasure and excitement. "I can't wait to see your face!"

"What? When?" I asked, trying one last time to get information. 

"When you'll open your eyes!"

"My eyes are not opened?"

"Nope. And you'll even get a blindfold before the day is out!" Scarlett added, grinning like a schoolgirl. 

The flight was uneventful, and even though the thought of fucking in the bathroom was intriguing, it's a lot less sexy and a lot more private than what we see in movies. We refrained, and I marshalled all my patience. During the flight, the pilot said that we were going to San Fransisco. Scarlett was pissed about that, but sadly for me it wasn't a meaningful clue. I had a friend there, but it was impossible that this whole secret trip was only to see him. What else was in San Fransisco? A lot of things, but nothing that fit, or warranted this set-up. 

Once we left the airport, we found a cab and drove out. When Scarlett pulled her blindfold out, I shook my head, telling her that I didn't know the city at all. I had been here only once, for work, and had stayed in the hotel. "Not important." was her reply as she tied the blindfold carefully. It was a good blindfold, a S&M blindfold: I couldn't even see down my nose. Nada. About ten minutes later the car stopped, and Scarlett helped me out, guiding me into a building. We took three flights of stairs down, and my only useful sense told me that this place was humid and slightly mouldy. When we finally stopped walking, Scarlett guided me to a rough bunk bed and asked me to lie down inside. I could detect that there were other people in the room, but nothing more. "John, please remain here for a while yet. Don't move, and don't try to peek. Do you trust me?" she asked, her hands on my chest.

"Of course, but—"

"Shhhh. Trust me now. And trust me when I say that if you move and try to find out anything before I come back, you're going to be very angry with yourself."

"With myself? What the heck?"

Scarlett didn't reply. Instead she kissed me, kissed me very warmly and wetly. Then "Maximum thirty minutes... Try to meditate my love."

And she left. For the first few minutes I barely breathed, trying my best to know if I was alone or not. I was pretty sure that I was. Thirty minutes is a long time to spend completely alone in a silent room with a blindfold on. At first I tried to think of other things. For instance, I was currently writing a short essay on the mind and matter relationship. I was trying for something fresh and new; I was hoping that i would provoke my colleagues into some sort of reaction. Knock them out of their comfortable stupor. For a few minutes, I even succeeded in evaluating my stance and ideas. Then I heard a small sound through the wall. It felt like my ears turned like a cat's, straining to get any sort of information. Then, nothing. Thankfully it didn't sound like a rat in my own room. 

Finally I took a deep breath and simply decided to wait. I tried to meditate, and almost fell asleep. Being in alone in an unknown room, with a blindfold and strangers around you was a stressful situation. But knowing that Scarlett had arranged all of it made the ordeal easier. Eventually, finally, someone opened the door. "Scarlett?" No answer. Suddenly, a man's voice:

"Place your hands on your chest." I did, a bit ashamed that I was now breathing fast like a nervous hare. Then I heard a lid closing over me, and my ears told me that I was in a box. My heart started beating even faster. Through the lid, the man said. "Take deep breaths. In two minutes, try to be patient, you can remove your blindfold and open the box. 

These were some of the longest minutes of my life. I removed the blindfold immediately, and opened my eyes to utter darkness. Not even a line of light from outside. Slowly, I touched the box around me, and it felt like ordinary wood. If I hadn't been in such a peculiar state, I knew I would have guessed what was happening. As things were, I was nothing more than that nervous hare, anxious to open the box. Trying my best to gage if the two minutes were up, I finally pushed the box open. 

The coffin, actually. A wooden coffin. In front of me were three vampires. The most realistic vampires I had ever seen. Even in my current nervous state, it didn't even cross my mind that they could be actual vampires. But as I stared at them, taking in all the little details, they looked incredibly realistic. The older woman, probably in her fifties, looked stunning, wearing a full black and red corset, holding her generous breasts, above which was a series of laces in the shape of a pentagram. The top laces wrapped around her neck. She had long black hair with a silver pendant above her forehead. Below, a long black skirt completed the effect. But her yes, like that of the other two vampires, were stunning. My best guess is that there was a black light close by, as their dark red or purple eyes had a real glow to them. It was completely eerie. 

Next to that woman there was a tall black man, roughly my age. He was wearing two strips of leather across his other naked chest, showing his very powerful build. A short cape and leather pants completed the outfit. On his head, he had an explosion of dreads, some were his natural deep black and others coloured blood red. He had purple eyes and an amazing effect to his skin, making him look dead. Sitting next to them was a slight girl, really young in fact, probably younger than my Scarlett. She was essentially topless, with a Harley Quinn style top unbuttoned, showing her small yet sexy breasts. Her nipples were painted bright red, like her hair and lips. She wore tight fitting leather pants, highlighting her lean legs. 

Without moving, the man spoke in a deep voice "Yesterday night, you got stabbed in an alley, and died. One of us, though," he said, looking behind him at the back of the room, "decided to save you." His front canines were very long, abnormally so. But his lips didn't seem deformed by a mouth piece. He kept talking "You have now awoken as a vampire. But, and this is very important, you're not one of us yet. You'll have to earn your place. Since she's the one who turned you, she'll be your guide into our world." After a pause, he looked at me directly and said "Remember, you're nothing to us now, and have to work your way to our good graces. Otherwise, we'll kill you again, permanently this time. We leave you with Lily here, who will make you presentable. Your sire, Revena, will be here shortly. 

The two older vampires then left me alone with the young, topless vampire. As she was getting ready, opening a large wooden box full of what must be make-up, I tried to wrap my head around what was happening. Scarlett had obviously arranged all of this, but she couldn't have organized it all herself. Nor created everything from scratch. This must be one of the vampire real-life role-playing game. I had no idea they had one in San Francisco, but judging by what little I had seen so far, it was a very good one. 

Lily proceeded to undress me down to my boxers and gave me a costume, which was rather plain compared to the others I had seen. An initiate costume, I guessed. Once dressed, she then applied make up over my face, neck, hands and forearms. After that was my hair and the stunning contact lenses. I had never worn lenses before, but it wasn't all that bad. The final touch were a pair of canines, which Lily had to select carefully for me, before gluing them on. She whispered "Chew carefully for a few hours, but after that they should stay on for many days." 

Suddenly, from the other room, I heard Scarlett's voice "His he ready?"

"Yeah, pretty much... Are you sure about him? He seems like a fool... Smiling all the time even though nothing's funny." Lily replied. 

"I'm not sure. He seemed decent last night, tasted really good, but maybe he's not cut out for this."

As she finished, she walked in. Seeing Lily's breasts had aroused me somewhat, but when I saw Scarlett enter the room in full vampire mode, I was floored. And soon erect. She had a similar corset to the other woman, mostly red with some black accents. Her very large breasts overflowed from that corset, which was obviously a size too small. The effect was mesmerizing. Attached to that corset were a pair of loose shoulder pieces above, and a full-length skirt below. The skirt wrapped around her waist, but left the front completely opened, allowing me to see her black lacy panties and black stay-ups. And, obviously, the top of her smooth, creamy-white thighs. She was wearing very high-heeled shoes, glossy black. Her face was paler than usual, with glowing red lips and equally glowing red eyes. She was stunningly beautiful, taking my breath away. I knew my jaw was opened, and I wanted to say a thousand things to her, but I remained mute. 

"Oh well..." said Lily, "I think the vampire magic didn't work on his brain... He can't talk."

"No problem... Some men are better when they keep their mouths shut."

Lily grinned and turned around, then did a double take, whispering "Shit!" Looking back at me, she said "You're a fucking lucky bastard. I'm half tempted to become a faerie so I could whoop her ass and fuck her."

And that was all it took. "I know." I whispered back. "Scar— Revena, I'm so glad—"

"Shut up." she cut me off, a very serious expression on her face. "I already regret turning you, so don't make this more unpleasant than it already is. I have to guide you through your initiation and then you're on your own. Hopefully you'll fail and die."

My jaw hadn't closed yet, and I was stunned by her roleplay. Most of our roleplay thus far had been sexual, but this was something else. She really looked pissed off. When she left, I briefly thanked Lily and got up. She interrupted me "Wait a sec. Here, let me put this... There. This pin is very important, never take it off. If you see other people with one, they're in our world. If you meet someone dressed as a vampire but without a pin, they're just a crazy person, not one of us. Got it?"

"Yep."

Outside my birthing room, Scarlett remained fully in character, refusing to speak to me. All she did say was "Stop touching me! I know your desires are already heightened as a new vampire, but keep your paws off me or else you're going to die a second time and not wake up." Despite the rejection, I was thrilled beyond words. I loved everything vampire, one of my secret fetishes, and it was the first time I would combine this with sex. And what a first time! Wow! 

About five minutes later, we came to a new, larger room. Still underground, obviously. There was about fifteen vampires in the room, all wearing costumes, make-up, contacts, fake nail-claws and wigs. It was amazingly realistic. In the centre of the room, there were four other young vampires, like me. Once again, the big black man was there, commanding attention. "Go in." was all Scarlett said. About ten minutes later, us five pups forbidden to talk, the big vampire began talking. He was Karma, one of the most important vampires in this region. For the first part of his speech, he explained the rules of this vampire world. 

They were pretty simple. There were 5 levels of power in the world, green (which I was), yellow, red (which Scarlett was, for some reason), blue and white. In a fight, your level determined how many points of damage you did, and you had a pool of health points equal to 5 times your level. Fighting was strictly hand to hand, intending to touch, not hurt. He showed us how to activate the gem in our pins, which glowed. Once beaten, we were not really dead, only really damaged and needed to get back to our lairs. Only level 4 and 5 vampires and faeries could permanently kill a player, but that was relatively rare. After a brief pause, he smiled and said "Now, about sex after a victory..." A few of the other vampires laughed and hooted. "Once you beat an opponent, faerie or vampire, they will decide if they turn their gem off or not. If they turn it off, it means no. And we're not kidding about this. If you try to have sex with a fallen foe that turned his or her light off, it's attempted rape. It won't go well for you. Then again, if they leave it on, it's your choice." More whoops from the vamps. 
