 I had a dream about you. And, ohh, what a dream it was...let me tell you about it.

You were lying on a floor covered in thick black carpet. As I approached the doorway, you were just finishing a book. I gave you a moment to stretch out and yawn before I would make my presence known...you looked tired. After all, you had worked all week. As I opened my mouth to speak, you stopped stretching and closed your eyes and started touching your cock through your shorts...my heart stopped and my mouth closed. I backed up quickly and peeked around the doorframe. I knew that I shouldn’t stand there and watch, but my gaze was like a magnet and refused to pull away. You were wearing only thin white silk boxers, and I could see you growing through the soft material from the across the room where I stood. The bigger your cock got, the more it strained against its prison, and the thinner the material became...

My heart began to pound and my breath caught as I watched the fingers of your left hand trail over that nice hot hardness, and you moaned...you sounded like you were in fantastic pain, needing to be brought off quick and fast but wanting to savor the feeling all at once. Little drops of sweat began to glisten on your forehead and the hairs on your chest and stomach darkened even more than usual from the dampness that was gathering beneath them. As I looked at your chest, I noticed the nipples that sat atop all of that hard muscle were taut and begging for my tongue. Only half aware, I reached up through my blouse and pinched my own nipples in response. My eyes trailed their way back downward to your shorts, your hand, and that beautiful outline of a cock, and saw a small drop of precum oozing its way through your shorts. Immediately I felt my pussy grow hotter and my panties become soaked from the gush of wetness this vision before me had ensued.

I heard you sigh softly with a mix of relief and anticipation as you ever so carefully pulled the boxers down past your hips and released your big hard cock from it’s restrictions. Your left hand wrapped around the base of it as you pulled up your knees. From this angle, I could see everything, and it took everything I had to not let out a moan of my own. I didn’t want you to know I was there yet...I wanted to enjoy this show a little longer. You began to stroke slowly up to the thick head of your cock and reached down

with your right hand to clasp your balls...as you stroked back down, your ass lifted up just slightly to meet your fist. Watching you lying there fucking your hand, moaning and sweating and breathing fire it seemed...well, I thought I was going to die from the fire that was burning between my legs. My nipples were tingling and straining against my shirt, and as I slipped my own hand into my juice-soaked panties, another glistening drop of cum had formed at the head of your cock. It grew until it lost it’s balance, and slid down the side of your cock and over your fist. I licked my lips, dying to taste it, to lick your fingers clean. I found my clit with my fingers, slippery and wet and hard, and began to

stroke myself, now needing to get off as badly as you did. 

You began to fuck your hand harder and faster, lubing it up with the precum. Your balls were dripping with sweat, and because of your position, I could see the little rivulets disappearing into your ass. Oooh, I was getting so hot and wet, sweating myself, as I watched this magnificent creature in front of me...all man, all by yourself, you looked like a rock-hard sex machine, and you were making me want to do things I had never even knew were possible until my imagination began inventing them right then and there. I slid my fingers down from my clit into my pussy...everything was soaked now, my hand, my panties, even my thighs, from the sweat and pussy juice. My hard nipples were very

visibly poking through my now sweat-drenched blouse. I tried to match your rhythm as I feverishly finger-fucked myself with one hand and rubbed my clit with the other, but I couldn’t keep up...I would have to remove my panties.

I backed up into the hall as fast as I could without making any sound...I didn’t want to miss a thing. I removed my panties and paused to inhale my own scent, to feel the reaction you had caused between my fingers. I crept back to my spying point, peeking around to make sure your eyes were still closed. 

The sun had begun to set, and the room was darker, bathed in a soft orange glow. Shadows were rising up everywhere, and I followed your shadow to the wall to see a huge black profile of your cock...I raised my skirt and propped one foot up on a box on the other side of the doorway, and proceeded, once again to explore my pussy with my fingers. As my gaze returned to your body, I realized that all you would have to do is open your eyes, and you would see me standing there, pussylips spread open, fingers sliding in and out...it scared me a little and turned me on at the same time. I unbuttoned my blouse with my other hand and felt the cool breeze from the open window brush past my nipples. Your cock was still sliding in and out of your fist, and more precum was slipping from that gloriously engorged head, catching the sun’s glow before disappearing between your fingers. I thought I was going to explode...I couldn’t remove my eyes from that cock...I could hear your harsh panting, and could imagine that hot breath on my skin, that big dick filling me to the top with hot cum--

“Oh, shit, yeah...” I heard you mutter, and as I glanced at your face, your eyes met mine. They had changed from their normal color of ice to a midnight blue, darkened by the intensity of the moment. My heart skipped a beat, but I couldn’t stop what I was doing. I didn’t want to. I held your gaze as I felt the first wave of the most intense pleasure I had ever had wash over me. I could feel the walls of my pussy clench and release rhythmically around my fingers, and my clit first grew harder, then seemed to disappear

beneath my other hand...Your eyes roamed slowly down the length of my body as I moaned and writhed in pleasure. As I came down, I felt a rush of red in my cheeks.

“Come over here...”, you whispered.

Still shaking from my experience, I made my way over to you. I looked into your eyes, and then, without a word, I knelt down and took all of that big hard cock into my mouth. I sucked and licked faster and faster, like a madwoman. I couldn’t get enough of it, enough of your taste. I had to have that cum, had to have it’s hot salty taste in my mouth...had to feel it gush down my throat and warm my insides. I was overwhelmed with my hunger for you.

All of the sudden you grew even harder...you lifted up off of the floor, ramming the back of my throat. I gagged, but I didn’t stop and your fingers were wrapped painfully in my hair, shoving my face down further onto your shaft, until I could feel you start to go down into my throat. It felt so good...it was what I wanted, the only thing that would satisfy me. I felt your cock start to jump, to twitch, and then I had it...I felt your cum burst into my mouth, so much of it that I couldn’t drink it all. It was pouring out the sides of my mouth and dripping all over the carpet...I sucked and licked and drank until you couldn’t take it anymore...then I woke up.

Well, that was my dream. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did...goodnight.