 "Come into my office, please," said Ms. Richardson over the crackly little intercom speaker on the phone.

Frank stood up and headed through the ornate door some ways behind his desk. The office was large and plush, with a gold bar displaying her name on the door. He stepped in and let the door swing shut behind him. The carpet felt soft and giving beneath his feet. There was a leather couch against one wall, and the boss sat on the edge of her large oak desk before him.

"Yes, Ms. Richardson?"

"It's your first day as my personal assistant, Mr. Doman." He nodded; he had been assigned by the agency this morning. "I think we should take a moment to discuss your responsibilities," she said, giving him a level look over the rim of her glasses.

"Please, call me Frank," he said. "Where do you want to start, Ms. Richardson?"

She looked him up and down, the tip of her tongue touching her lower lip pensively. She was trying to be subtle about it, but he noticed easily. She'd been doing it since he arrived. So much so that he'd slipped out to make a quick purchase on his lunch break earlier, which was now in his pocket.

"Well, Frank," she began, eyes meandering over him. "I'll need you to be available nights, when deadlines demand it."

"Nights, hm?"

Her eyes snapped up to his face, growing serious. "We won't have a problem with that, will we?"

She struck him as the type to steal glances at a guy who turned her on, fantasizing about him at home, but never doing anything improper. She looked very prim and proper to Frank. She was lucky; he would be improper for her.

"I know what you're doing, Ms. Richardson." He smiled, looking her in the eyes.

"Excuse me, Mr, D-"

"Frank."

"Excuse me, Frank," she said, looking flustered. He stepped up to her, stopping just a few inches away, and reached out to slowly undo the top button of her blouse. Her mouth fell open a fraction as she stared at him. He undid one more.

"What do you think you're doing?" she demanded.

"Shhh," he said, laying a finger across her lips. "None of that. Out there I'm your assistant. But in here. . ." He let his finger trace the edge of her jaw, and move down her neck to brush her blouse away from the soft mound of one breast, resting in a silky red bra cup. "You belong to me."

"That's ridiculous," she sputtered, face flushing red. "Why would I agree to that?"

"Because I know you want to."

He pushed the blouse over her shoulders and down her arms, revealing the bra and the tops of both her breasts. She inhaled sharply, shocked, and bit her lip. She clearly wasn't sure she wanted to do the obvious thing and have him tossed out on the street, so he pressed ahead.

"You want to be my plaything," he continued, flicking one bra strap over her shoulder, and drifting down to brush the backs of his fingers against her cleavage, raising goosebumps on her skin. She was looking down, watching him touch her. "And now you're going to be a good little girl and do as you're told."

"And if I say no?" Her voice was stern but there was a hint of a smile growing on her face now.

"Then you can find yourself another assistant." He leaned in til his lips brushed against her ear when he spoke. "And wonder what you missed." He had also taken the opportunity to remove his underwear on his lunch break, and now his erection was growing, restrained only by the thin material of his slacks. He pressed it firmly against her and gave her earlobe a quick bite, feeling a shiver run through her.

"But we both know that's not going to happen, is it?"

For a moment there was just the sound of her breathing. Then a whisper escaped her: "No."

Frank pulled his purchase from his pocket. It was a black & red lace collar, delicate enough to pass as a choker necklace. He would start her with this one. "This is your uniform from now on," he said, looking into her eyes, enjoying the mix of apprehension and excitement he saw there as he fastened the strip of fabric around her neck. "It means you belong to me. You are not to remove it at any time."

She nodded, feeling the lace with her fingertips.

He stepped back to look her over. Face flushed with growing arousal, along with other emotions like nervousness and embarrassment. Blouse pushed down to expose the breasts heaving in her bra, her milky shoulders trembling in the cool air. He smiled.

"I expect you to dress appropriately when I come in here, Ms. Richardson. In your uniform." She looked confused for a moment. "Just your uniform, Ms. Richardson."

"Oh," she said, and began to undo the remaining buttons of her blouse before letting it fall on the floor.

"Turn around," he said, as she pulled at the zipper on the side of her skirt. She turned, leaning forward a little and giving him a smile over her shoulder as she pushed the material down over her smooth round ass cheeks. She was wearing a silky thong to match her bra, and he caught a glimpse of her sweet little asshole peeking out around the thin red ribbon as she bent over.

"That's right," he said, removing his shirt. "Keep going."

She shimmied out of the panties and let them fall to her ankles, stepping out of them and her heels at the same time, and turned to face him. Her pussy was a barely parted slit between smooth, pouty lips, glistening slightly at the opening with her moist arousal. Her clit just peaked out, like the tip of a little pink tongue probing at the corner of a sexy mouth. Then she unlatched her bra and stood before him fully naked except for the strip of lace around her neck. Her nipples were raised and the skin around them was pebbled with hard little bumps.

"Very nice, Ms. Richardson," he said, stepping closer. He put a hand on her hip, sliding it up and down her skin, reaching around to feel the contours of her ass. He squeezed gently on one cheek, cupping it so his fingers could feel the warm flesh between her cheeks, one finger tip resting lightly on her anus. He pressed against it a little, then let off, then again, in a slow rhythm, and slipped his other hand between her legs, grazing along her inner thigh, fingers just barely brushing her soft labia. He felt her wetness and smeared it around her lips, drawing a little moan from her.

"Very nice indeed." He slipped a finger inside her as he spoke, and then another, massaging the sensitive tissue behind her clit, and her knees went weak and she grabbed onto his shoulder for support. There was clear fluid seeping out around his fingers and dripping down her inner thigh now. He leaned in and closed his mouth over one hard nipple, feeling it's texture with his tongue, and let his teeth graze her lightly, then gave a quick hard bite. She yelped and then let out a long unsteady breath as he let go with his teeth and gently suckled, pulling nipple and the soft skin around it into his mouth, while still sliding his fingers in and out of her dripping pussy.

"Ah, ah, I'm going to come," she panted, tensing up, nails digging into his shoulder.

"Not yet you're not," he said, slowing his movement, then stopping, just holding his fingers against her clit so she quivered and trembled on the verge of orgasm without going over. Her breath came in short gasps and she bucked her hips in spasmic, involuntary thrusts, her body now trying to impale itself on his fingers to achieve the climax that was just beyond her reach. He moved with her, keeping his fingers in place, vibrating them slightly from time to time to keep her right on the edge.

"Please," she said between gasps and moans, eyes beginning to water. "Please-ah-ah-make me-ah-come," she begged.

Suddenly he slipped his pussy-slick fingers out, and deep into her asshole in one quick movement, so forcefully he lifted her whole body up and she flopped back onto her desk. He ran his fingers in and out fast and hard, making her tits quake and her eyes roll back in her head, and closed his mouth over her pussy, pressing firmly against her clit with his tongue, licking deeply and slurping on her inner lips. Her legs clamped tightly around his head and her panting breath became a series of muffled cries as she tried to stifle her own sounds with her hand over her mouth. A flood of warm liquid gushed from her and spilled into Frank's mouth and down his face. He slowed and then gently withdrew his fingers, and moved his face up to hers, a mouthful of her cum behind his lips. He kissed her, sharing with her, letting the wetness mix in their mouths and spill down her face.

Before she had a chance to catch her breath, he slipped out of his pants, letting them drop to his ankles, and smacked his hard cock firmly on her slippery pussy a couple of times, making wet slapping sounds and spattering her moisture all over. He pressed the underside of his cock into her slit, feeling her flesh part around him, and slid against her, moving his length up and down her pussy lips, grinding against her slick asshole. They both let out a long groan of pleasure as he pressed the swollen head of his cock into her pussy, watching her lips part and stretch over him.

He put a hand on her pubic mound, rubbing circles around her clit with his thumb, as he pulled back just enough to watch the ridge of his head emerge from her, and then leaned forward, sliding back in. He could feel her pussy clench and spasm around him as he moved. 

"Oh my God," she moaned, wrapping her legs around him. "Fuck me, fuck your little cum slut," she pleaded.

With a grin he pulled all the way out and gave her several quick, sharp slaps on the pussy with his free hand, enjoying the wetness, watching her swollen lips turn bright pink, before rubbing his cock on them, and then slowly pushing back in. She was panting and gasping for air. He knew what she wanted even when she didn't know she wanted it yet. He rested his hand on her cheek, then slapped her lightly with a wet sound, loving the play of expressions on her face as she went from sudden shock and a flash of anger to growing arousal. He quickly gave her another slap and she couldn't help the wide smile that followed, surprised as she was by her own reaction.

"Mmmm, ow," she purred softly, tightening her legs around him. Her hips raised up, making little gyrations, and she ran her hands over her breasts as he slid in and out of her. He rested his fingers on her lips and she kissed them and then opened her mouth, licking her juices from his hand.

"I want to fill that pretty little mouth of yours," Frank grunted, pulling out. "Get down."

She slid off the desk and knelt on the carpet, looking up at him with a mixture of excitement and hunger. She wanted to taste his cock. "Cum in your little slut's mouth," she begged, hand drifting down her body, fingers disappearing into her pussy. "Fuck my throat and cum for me, please..."

He laid his wet cock against her face and pressed forward, sliding it against her cheeks and nose. She closed one eye as the head of his cock brushed past it to rub on her forehead, and licked eagerly at the balls now resting on her mouth. He felt the cum rising in his balls as she slurped one into her mouth and gently suckled on it, so he pulled back. She looked up at him and opened her mouth obediently.

"That's a good girl," he said, sliding in. He let the head rest on her tongue, enjoying the warmth as she closed her lips gently around him and moved her tongue against his cock, licking precum from the tip. She sucked him further into her mouth, sliding her tongue along his length. He felt the back of her throat and she gagged slightly, but held steady and then pushed herself further onto him. He could feel her throat clenching around him as she swallowed and kept pushing. Finally her lips reached the base of his cock, and she looked up at him with watery eyes and extended her tongue to lick his balls before sliding back until his head emerged from her lips. Foamy spit dripped from him and spilled down her chin and between her tits. Her chest heaved as she caught her breath, grinning at her own accomplishment.

He let her slurp him back in and got into a rhythm, sliding down her throat, watching her cheeks hollow out as she applied strong suction on the way back out, making it feel like the head of his cock would explode. He could feel the orgasm boiling up his cock like a geyser about to go off. A thick hot stream of cum gushed from him, followed quickly by another, flooding her mouth.

"Don't swallow," he said quickly, as a third erupted, and some of his cum seeped out around his cock as she held him with her lips. She kept suckling, gently, pulling the last drips from him. Finally he pulled out and said, "Show me."

She opened her mouth to reveal a deep pool of pearly semen, lumpy strands of it stretching from her teeth and lips. She swirled her tongue around, and a little bit spilled over her lower lip and ran down her chin.

He picked up her bra and held it out. "In here," he said, letting her dribble her mouthful into first one cup and then the other, before pressing it to her breasts with a wet squishing sound. "You can wear that for the rest of the day, and remember who you belong to now."

She poked at the silky bra cups with her fingers, smiling at the gooey sensation, and reached around to fasten it.

"I've scheduled a meeting for you with the Anderson clients in about 15 minutes," he continued. "Let's get your faced cleaned off a bit." He swiped at a streak of cum on her cheek with the head of his cock, pushing it into her mouth, and she slurped at it eagerly. He did the same for the drips on her chin and around her lips.

"Mmmm," she purred.

"Very good, Ms. Richardson," he said, running a hand through her hair, letting his thumb linger on the lace collar at her neck for a few seconds. "Get dressed and go to your meeting." He paused. "And, I think I'll need you to be available tonight, as well. We've got a tight... deadline coming up."