 She poked the fire before adding a bit more wood to it. She was cold, but too comfortable in her t-shirt and pajama pants to add any more layers. Better to crank the heat up.

It was almost midnight. Time to go to bed. She'd had a long annoying day, capped off with a bickering, sniping exchange with him. They'd known each other too long to not have even the smallest disagreements hit each others' last nerves. 

Especially when he was in a mood like he was that day. She could tell almost immediately when he was pissed off at the world because she could barely say hi without it getting misinterpreted or jumped all over.

After absorbing it for most of the day, she'd finally snapped back. Which of course led to the fight over something extremely stupid and her closing her laptop on the conversation before it got any worse. 

Anyway, time to go to bed and put the world behind her. He stood at the door, talking to himself. Wondering what the hell he was doing.

He couldn't be possibly in his right mind to think this was a good idea. But he couldn't help it. All day, he'd been thinking about her. It was because of that fucking dream. He didn't want to dream it and he didn't want to think about her. 

But it didn't change that he did both. And all day he'd been frustrated. Turned on. And ultimately, unreasonably angry with her for creeping into his head. He'd withdrawn and taken out that anger on her for most of the day, but it didn't lessen the impact of the dream. It only made him feel like a dick on top of being unable to shake her from his mind.

So he decided to drink it off instead. The dream was foggy, but he could remember her mouth. Her mouth on his mouth. On his dick. 

He realized too late that drinking was a bad idea. Instead of dulling it, it made it worse, and the next thing he realized he was at her front door. She heard the knock as she put her foot on the first step heading upstairs.

For a second she was nervous. She headed to the window and saw him at the door. She opened the door, and with full on, undisguised attitude, gestured him to enter.

"Hey," she said.

"Hey," he said.

"You realize it is almost midnight," she said.

"I know," he said.

"Is there something I can do for you?" she said.

She looked in his eyes.

It was quiet. "You want me," she said.

"Yes," he said.

She laughed. She couldn't help it.

"Of course! Now. Now you want me," she said.

"Yes," he said.

He honestly didn't hear much of she was saying. He was looking at her.

"You are totally ridiculous," she said.

He moved toward her.

"Don't," she said. She put her hand up.

He kept moving.

"Is your idea of foreplay beating the shit out of me all day?" she said.

"I'm sorry about that," he said.

"You're sorry," she repeated, with no emotion.

"I'm going to bed," she said.

And she was worn out. Done. She was walking away.

He caught her by the elbow, and turned her back to him. He took her other elbow in his hand, and moved her back to the wall.

She was strong in her resolve, and fought him.

"No," she said.

She didn't care what he thought. She didn't care about the repercussions.

He held her tightly against him.

And took her mouth, tongue first.

He just didn't care. He didn't care about her objections. Her fight. The day. The end result. Nothing. He didn't care. He was also done, but in the other direction. Done fighting it. Done worrying about the resulting fall-out. Done with self-control.

This was what he wanted. What he cared about. This was it. But she continued to fight him off. She was really through with all this. Finished. She refused to let her brain process his body pressed against hers. His tongue that she'd thought about for so many nights. Fuck him. Really. And if he felt rejected. Felt a shot to his ego, well, all the better. He deserved it.

She pushed his mouth off and said, "Stop."

He smiled a little, and moved toward her mouth again.

"No. I mean it. You're ridiculous," she said.

"I know," he said, and cut off her next protest with his mouth again.

She was out of breath and his tongue in her mouth was strong. Overwhelming. She tried so hard to focus, to say no. To tell him to stop. 

The hands she was using to push him back by his shoulders tightened on them for a second and his hands found her hips and pulled her to him.She felt him hard, so hard against her. Her pajamas were so thin. She was amazed at how hard he was. She was weakening...sort of. She felt powerful. 

"Ah," she whispered into his mouth.

"Now I see," she said.

Her hand sought him out, feeling his hard dick through his pants.

It had been getting worse all day, and the feeling of her hand on him was almost painful. It was barely perceptible, but she still caught his quick intake of breath at her touch.

"You've been like this all day?" she whispered, gently stroking him now. He moved his hands from her hips and had to brace them over each of her shoulders, his eyes closed, riding it out.

He nodded.

"Why didn't you....?" She said.

"I don't know," he whispered back.

"I know why," she said.

"Because you wanted me to," she said.

He hadn't thought about why he didn't take care of it himself. But now that she said it, he knew she was right.

Slowly, she stroked him, gently, barely touching him. "It feels nice, though, doesn't it?" she said.

"Just being on the edge for so long, so turned on, feeling so good, never resolving it," she whispered.

He agreed. And was normally a big fan of prolonging tension, anticipation.

Not tonight, though.

"I didn't appreciate how good it feels to just stay at this point, almost over the edge, for a while," she said, still tracing him, stroking him, touching him, while she whispered into his mouth.

"For the longest time, I'd want to scream with frustration, going crazy near you, around you. It almost felt like whenever I was around you, mentally, you were teasing my clit, gently, but relentless. I was so wet. All the time," she whispered.

This wasn't helping him. He shifted his hips to get closer to her hand. Needing more pressure. More.

She smiled.

"But there was nothing I could do. I couldn't get you to do anything about it. And finally I realized that taking this feeling into reality wasn't going to work. So instead of getting myself off every night, I let it go instead. Just rode it out, feeling hot, turned on, and leaving it there, like you are today," she said.

Her fingers teased him, getting stronger.

"I mean, I know you probably think," she said, teasing his mouth with her tongue.

"I know you probably think it would be soooo much better if I opened your pants, and found your dick, and stroked it warm, fast, until..." she said.

He couldn't breath as her fingers traced the button of his pants, and back down over him again.

"Or even better, took you in my mouth. How good would that feel right now? You know how many nights I wanted that?" she whispered.

"How many nights I thought of that blow job to get myself off?" she whispered.

He bit into his lower lip with his teeth. His dick ached. "The best would be fucking me, though. I know it. Imagine what this hard dick could do to me right now? What you could do to me, like this?" she said.

"Fuck, yeah," he whispered. He couldn't help himself.

"But," she said, stroking him.

"You'll have to trust me that this is the better way," she said.

He pushed against the wall again, and pushed the front of her shirt up before she could stop him, lifting her in the air at the same time, taking her nipple in his mouth and sucking on it hard. He knew that was a good place.

"No, no no no," she protested, but her fingers were tight in his hair, her legs wrapped around him, as his tongue worked her nipple roughly.

Her head was back and the orgasm rumbled within her -- the orgasm she had fought for so long. So many months. "No...no," she said, finally pushing him off. She wouldn't give into it. She'd been strong too long.

She put her hand out. "No!" and she ran up the stairs, into her bedroom and slammed the door behind her.

Her hands were shaking and she sat on the bed. She was sure he'd leave. She still couldn't believe he was there to begin with. That he wanted her. She'd never known it or felt it before like this.

Instead, she heard him coming up the stairs. She got up and leaned against the door with her back.

"Just go," she said.

"Open the door," he said.

"No! We can't do this. It's a mistake. And I...I can't handle it. I know I can't. Please just go," she said.

Silence.

He put his hand on the doorknob.

"Open the door," he said.

It was like he didn't hear a word she said.

"Open the door, or I'm going to break it down," he said.

She was so shocked she almost laughed out loud.

"What?" she asked."You heard me," he said.

His voice was different than she'd heard it before.

"Open the fucking door," he said, saying her name.

Her eyes fluttered. Her turn on was suddenly overwhelming.

"Open the fucking door, or I'm going to break it down," he said.

She backed away from the door. She was paralyzed.

Again, total silence.And then, she heard it.

Heard him slam the door, hard.

She bit into her knuckle, gasping, and moved back against the door, her back to it.

Heard it again, felt it this time. So loud. So hard. It shuddered through her body.

Her knees were weak. 

It was when she heard the doorframe start to splinter that she couldn't bear it anymore. She opened the door.

"You're crazy," she whispered.

"No I'm not," he said.

"No more than you are, anyway," he said.

"I'm crazy," she said.

She pushed him back against the bed until he was lying on his back.She found his mouth with hers, but didn't linger there long. She pulled his shirt over his head as he did the same to her.

Her mouth worked down his body, quickly opening and pushing his pants out of the way, down as her mouth found his aching dick, doing what she wanted to do the second she felt it downstairs.

His fingers dug into the bed as she worked his dick with her mouth, swallowing it, sucking it, and he moved his fingers to her hair, pulling it, watching her mouth slide up and down his dick so deep inside her mouth, unable to go slow for long.

And he didn't want her to, he wanted it, needed it fast, needed it now, needed to get off, get off so fast, faster, and he whispered to her, driving her insane, doing crazy, swirling, things with her tongue, his hands were shaking in her hair.

He felt the tremors within him, felt his dick jerk and shake with it, the relief coming, it was coming, he could feel it, and so could she, because she went faster, and he could hear her moaning with it, feeling it through her, lapping at him, sucking him, stroking him with her hand just below her mouth. 

Wanting to give him that, get him there, get him there now, now, now.

And now he was, it was there, he was there now, his back arched, and he came, came so hard that it flooded through him, almost blinding him with pleasure, and she didn't want to let go, but he pulled her toward him, up him, to him.

She looked at him now, leaning on her elbow, hair in disarray, and whispered.

"That's better, now, isn't it?" she said.

He laughed. But he wasn't done. Not nearly.

He ran his hand up the inside of her thigh and pushed her legs apart, finding her pussy, her clit, through her panties, teasing it with his fingers.

"This is what you meant, what you said...this is how it feels?" he said.

Her back arched, and she softly sighed.

"Yes.." she whispered.

"How it feels when I'm near you. When I look at you. When you wonder what I'm thinking about?" he said. "Yes.." she said.

"No faster than this?" he said.

She shook her head no.

"Really, you don't want me to go any faster?" he said.

"No," she whispered. He kissed her mouth, working her tongue with his, and pulled away.

His pace was maddeningly exact. If anything, he was always thorough.Her hips swayed, gyrated slightly.

Continuous. Relentless. Teasing, pressure.

Her breathing was fast. "Tell me you want me," she said.

He smiled.

"You still need convincing? I just tried to break down your door," he said.

She sucked in her breath quickly.

His fingers teased her, same pressure, circling gently, squeezing lightly, her knees bent and relaxed again.

"Say it again," she whispered.

"Say what...that I tried to break your fucking door down?" he said.

"Uh huh," she whispered.

"That I would have blown it off the hinges if you didn't open it?" he said.

"Yeah...yeah," she said. 

"You want me to go faster now, don't you?" he said.

"Oh yeah," she said.

"Did you hear that wood splinter? That's how badly I want you," he said.

Her back arched, her nipples hard, pointing at the ceiling. She could feel it coming.

"When was the last time ..." he said.

"Long time, long time ago," she struggled to answer.

"Then it should be a good one," he said.

He moved his fingers from her clit to open her, sliding inside her slowly, so slowly, getting faster.

"You wanted me to break it down, didn't you?" he said.

She couldn't talk, nodded, her fingers digging into his arm now, almost there, almost.

"Imagine me breaking it down. Imagine that, right now," and his fingers moved faster, faster, so fast, and he saw her, felt her shake, shaking harder, her breathing hard and fast, her fingers knotted in her hair, pulling it, coming, coming.

He moved off her and pulled her to the edge of the bed, and slid his hard dick inside her still in the middle of her orgasm, and she almost screamed. Almost.

"That's it," he said.

"I broke it down," he said.

She felt him deep inside her, and he was amazed at how wet she was, still tightening around him, still spasming, and she wrapped her legs around him, and he held onto her hips, thrusting into her, over and over, faster, faster. 

Finally, the scream within her exploded, as he fucked what felt like every last time she held back from coming out of her, and watching her, feeling her wet, tight pussy around his dick, he tried to stop himself, but couldn't.

Harder, harder, faster until her eyes were just a flutter of wings, and he came then, holding them tightly together until he was done, standing there before her until he was ready to move.

He crawled up her and pushed her hair out of her eyes.

She smiled."I have a confession to make," she said.

"Oh yeah?" he said."The door wasn't locked," she said.

He laughed quietly.

"I have one too," he said.

"I knew it wasn't."

The End.