 Hi. You can call me Evelyn. 

There are some things you should know about me before we get started. First, I'm 5' 5". I have blonde hair. I wear it short. 34C. I usually hover around 115 pounds. Second, aside from a few minor details (like names), this is autobiographical. Lastly, I'm not what you would call a 'good girl' or a 'nice person'. I'm sharing this with you because it gets me off. If you don't like me, I don't care. Just sit back and enjoy the ride. You might want to keep some tissues handy.

Despite the best efforts of my parents and pastor, I didn't arrive at college with my virginity intact. The rules here prevent me from telling that story. Let's just say I learned how to get what I wanted at an early age and leave it at that. The layout of my dorm room was simple enough; a communal living room, kitchenette, and bathroom with four attached bedrooms. I was the new girl, filling a vacancy left by a graduate. My three roommates had been together since their freshman year. They were juniors when I moved in. Lacey and Devon were both slender brunettes. Lacey had beautiful green eyes and a boyish figure. She was studying photography. Devon had a rack on her, the kind that meant she'd never be lonely. She was an English major. Madison was blonde like me. A communications major, she had one of those perfect, pretty faces. Her smile was plastic. She was from money, superior and condescending. I disliked her immediately. That's why I did it.

Parker was Madison's boyfriend. He played football for the school and had a hard body to prove it. He was also a sweet, unassuming boy. I didn't have a car so, on my second day on campus, he gave me a ride downtown to pick out a new laptop. I was wearing a zipper hoodie and a denim skirt. We chatted idly, mostly about Madison. I pretended not to notice his furtive glances at my legs as he talked. I even slouched in the seat a little to give him a better view. Nothing drastic, just a little more thigh. After about half an hour of shopping I picked out a computer and a few accessories. On the way out, I pretended to need a bathroom break. While Parker waited patiently, I took off my shirt and bra and hid them in my shopping bag. Panties? I wasn't wearing any. I almost never do, especially when I wear skirts. Even if nobody comes close to catching a glimpse, it turns me on knowing I could let them. A few minutes later we were back in the car. I was already wet with anticipation. 

"Thanks for the ride," I told him as we pulled away. He nodded and we went back to small talk. I reclined my seat and began to unzip my hoodie. 

"What are you do..." he started to ask, falling silent when he noticed the bare flesh. 

At first, I only let him see the stripe from my neck to my naval. Then, I slipped a hand beneath and started to fondle a breast, pinching and twisting my nipple. I let the hoodie fall open as I ran my other hand over my body. Starting at my neck, I slid it slowly down until my fingers dipped below the waistband of my skirt. "How long have you been with Madison?" I asked, parting my thighs. 

"Umm... We," he stammered. A car horn prompted him to give the road a little more attention. "Three years."

"Ahhh... Mmmm," I moaned, biting my bottom lip. I made it obvious what I was doing. My knuckles pressed against the inside of my skirt. I panted for him, whimpered for a few minutes. More than once, the car swerved. "Cumming... I'm cumming!" I made it showy, writing and bucking my hips as I came. Parker was sweating by the time I sat up. I didn't ask for permission. I didn't say anything. Instead, I reached over, unzipped his pants, and pulled him out. He offered no resistance. Parker was rock hard, precum already beading on the tip. He had a beautiful cock, a solid seven or eight inches. I could see why Madison liked him so much. 

"Evelyn, I can't do this," he protested insincerely. "Madison and I..." His voice trailed off as I made my palm slick and began to stroke. Boys were so easy. They never knew how to handle it when you turn the game around on them. It's like their little worlds falls apart when a girl is the aggressive one. It's so exploitable. After a moment, I ducked my head under his arm and slid off my seat. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck," he muttered as I put him in my mouth. I didn't rush it. Some girls don't like going down. I'm not one of those. It's all about the power. In a few minutes, I made this boy want it enough to risk his three year relationship. I traced his head with my tongue, drawing it out; worshipping his cock. Parker let go of the wheel with one hand and slid it into my hair. "Oh, God," he said between staggered breaths. Right then, with his cock in my mouth, that's exactly what I was: his god. I controlled his fate; when and if he'd cum and when and if I'd destroy him for letting me suck him off. Parker came hard. I swallowed and spent the next several blocks kissing and licking him clean before tucking him away. All the while, reality was dawning on Parker. I owned him now. 

I slid back into my seat, zipped up my hoodie, and pulled the seat back into place. "So, Parker," I said conversationally, "Is Madison any good at that?" He didn't answer. I didn't expect him to. "Don't worry. I won't tell her." His shoulders visibly relaxed, so I let the other shoe drop. "So long as you let me do that again sometime." Turning people on, getting them off; it's all power. I get off on getting people off. It's why I'm writing this. "Tell me you want me to," I said, leaning my head against his shoulder.

"Evelyn..."

"Tell me," I insisted. "Say it."

"This is so fucked up," he said, avoiding eye contact with me via the rearview mirror.

"Say it," I repeated.

He swallowed. "I want you to," he confessed, voice cracking adorably. 

"Want me to what?" I asked in my best innocence voice. At the same time, I unzipped him again. He did nothing to stop me as I slipped my hand in and caressed him. He wasn't hard again, not yet anyway. "Tell me what you want?" I whispered into his ear, nibbling his earlobe. I loved these little games, loved making people give in to temptation. The first time had been the heat of the moment. Now, I wanted him to consciously admit that he wanted me to do it. "Be specific."

"I want you to suck my cock," he said. I was willing to bet it was the first time he'd ever said those words in that order. 

"Mmmmmm," I purred. I let people look at, touch, and use me. All the while, they're just doing what I want them to. Just like you are right now. "Does Madison do that for you?" I asked. He nodded. "Is she better than me?" He shook his head, no hesitation. "Hurry up and get hard so I can make you cum again." A few blocks from the dorm, Parker pulled into the secluded corner of a parking lot at my suggestion. He was hard again by then. I opened my hoodie, to let him touch me while I pumped him slowly. His hands were eager things, squeezing and pinching. "You ever do anything like this is public?" I asked.

"No." 

I kissed him and he kissed me back. It was the final nail in Madison's coffin. "Slide your seat back," I told him. When he did, I climbed onto his lap. His cock in my hand, I hovered over him, sliding his head between my lips; teasing, tempting, letting him feel how wet I was. "You want this to?" 

"Yes," he said breathlessly. Three years, up in flames and all I wanted to do was throw more fuel on the fire. 

"That feels sooo good," I moaned for his benefit as sank onto him. Every man wants to think he's the best fuck I've had. I let them. I dug my fingers into his shoulders, using them for leverage as I rocked my hips. I only had enough room to move a couple of inches. It was enough. His hands seized my waist. I let him guide my rhythm. "Mmmmm... Yeah, like that... Oh, Parker... Parker," I gasped until my voice broke. It didn't take much to get me off. Him either. He came a few thrusts later. I milked him with by body, gliding back and forth until his muscles relaxed. "That was incredible," I whispered after kissing him again. Little aftershocks left my thighs quivering. I could see the guilt brewing in his eyes. It didn't matter. I made him want to be unfaithful. I let him cum inside me. He was my plaything now. 

Did I make you cum too? 

Let me know. Maybe I'll tell you more.