 Tim Brown let out a yell, downshifted to third as the back wheels spun out to the left, he punched the gas, clutched, and threw it into forth. The gravel and stones kicked up from the back tires as the Ford pickup flew down the road, the odometer needle pushing eighty.

He had bought the truck on eBay, sight unseen, and had spent the past two weeks tuning it up, changing the oil, and rotating the tires. Now, it was time to see what his latest baby could do.

Dusk had descended on the Kansas fields and Tim still did not have his lights on. The truck pushed forward, the needle creeping towards a hundred.

A flash of red lights hit the rearview mirrors and a sheriff's car pulled from a crossroad.

Tim flirted with the thought of running away, but knew he couldn't outrun a new police car even on the country roads. He took his foot off the gas and the truck eased to a stop and pulled to the side of the road.

The sheriff's deputy slammed the door and walked to the side of the truck. She turned the halogen beam on and shined it into Tim's eyes when she got to the door.

"If you're going to fly, I suggest getting an airplane. License and registration."

Tim pulled them from the visor and handed them over.

She shined the light on the license, back to his face, and to the license. She went to flip it over and a fifty-dollar bill fell to the ground. She picked it up.

"What's this?"

"There's more if that's not enough."

"Out of the truck," she said as she stuck the bill and documents into her left breast pocket.

She stepped away from the truck. Tim looked at her as he slid off the seat. She was about forty and packed into her shirt and slacks, her hips accentuated by the gun belt below her slender waist. Her hat was pulled low and her dark hair was pulled back. Even though it was dusk, she had on aviator glasses that hid her eyes.

"Walk back to the car."

She had him spread his hands on the hood of the car and she patted him down. He liked the feel of her firm hands on his ass.

"I got another fifty."

Whack! He swore he felt the baton hitting his right back thigh before he heard it, and then the sting moved as a hot wave down the leg and up to his ass.

"If it's not enough ..."

Whack! She got the left thigh. Before he knew it a handcuff was on his left wrist and he was hooked to the ramming grill on the front of the car. He had learned his lesson, and kept his mouth shut. Nothing happened. He listened hard and only heard his breathing.

"Turn around cowboy. Get on your knees."

He did what he was told. She was standing in front of him, her pants off, shirt open. Her tits pushed against a red lace bra. He was staring at her shaved pussy. 

"You're going to eat me cowboy. And I had better come. If I do, you walk. If not, well all I can say is you better make it happen because the jail is just full of a bunch of guys that would like to make you their cowgirl."

She stepped forward and took her nightstick and put it behind his head. She placed her left foot on the grill and she pulled his face into her pussy.

"Lick it. Eat me. Make me cum or else."

Tim stuck out his tongue, the flat surface slid against her lips and he pulled back and the tip pushed between them and into the softness of her warm folds. He moved his tongue back and forth trying to find her clit and shifted forward until she had her clit on the tip of his tongue. He moved his tongue back and forth, rubbing it, and then pushing backward. She placed the baton behind his head and a chill ran down his spine. She pulled toward her, pulling his face into her.

"That's it cowboy. Lick my clit. Come on, lick it, lick it." The pressure on the baton increased.

Tim loved to eat pussy. He swirled his tongue back toward her swollen lips, trying to get her juice onto his tongue, lapping at it, sucking it from her. It was thick and sweet, he sucked harder, and stuck his tongue into her, trying to coax more from her, then thrusting his tongue into her, slowly at first, then faster, trying to fuck her with his tongue.

"I didn't say you could fuck my cunt, I said eat me. Lick my clit."

The baton dropped down fast and hard, just grazing his thigh, a deliberate miss.

He tried to grab her ass, but the handcuff stopped him on the left, but his right hand found her butt and he squeezed, her ass firm, and muscular. His hand massaged it as he licked, his tongue circling her nub slowly at first, then faster until his tongue was flicking across it as fast as he could.

"Ooooo, that's it, that nice, right there, right there, keep it up, lick it lick it lick it."

He felt his cock getting hard from her moans, rubbing her ass, licking her, and tasting her pungent sweet nectar trickling on his tongue.

"That's it, right there, faster, faster, make me cum, make me cum ...." 

She dropped the baton and pulled his head into her, his tongue slashing against her clit, front and back, side to side, faster as her moans filled her ears until her body tensed and her thighs squeezed against him.

She felt it start at her pussy, a warm sensation that grew fast and hard and then shot from her pussy to her feet. She leaned forward, her hands on the hood of her car, breathing hard, her heart racing. She stood there for a minute and caught her breath.

"Stand up," she said, grabbing him by the collar. She slapped another handcuff on his right wrist and fastened it to the grill.

"Ooooo, I taste so good," she said as she dragged her tongue across his lips. "Well, you did what I told you. But, I lied. You need to make me come again. But you're in for a treat. You're gonna fuck my cunt," she said as she reached down, unbuckled his pants, lowered his zipper, and yanked down his pants.

"Oh, you're a big boy. I hope this fills me up."

She reached between her legs, put two fingers into her pussy, and smeared her wetness on his cock. She stroked him a couple of times, covering him with her wetness.

"One rule, Cowboy, I cum before you do. Or you don't want to know what will happen."

She turned around and bent over, and he stared at her gorgeous ass in front of him and his cock got even harder. She reached between her legs, grabbed his cock, and put the head against her lips. She stepped back, pushing against him, sliding his cock into her, an inch at a time, her hand holding the shaft as it slid in.

"Ooooo, that's nice. I'm nice and tight, aren't I?"

All Tim could think of was 'Don't come yet."

She pushed all the way back, her ass against him, and then started rocking up an down, slowly getting into a rhythm where his cock was sliding in and out of her.

"That's it, fuck that tight pussy, Cowboy. Nice slow strokes, that's it, in and out, now you start doing the work."

She bent down, her palms nearly on the ground, and he looked down and saw his cock slide in and out of her cunt. He had never felt this good, and watched his cock slide in and out as he slowly started rocking his hip, his thrusting initially limited by the handcuffs. He stepped back, she pushed back as well, and this gave him a little room to work and move forward and back. He ached to grab her hips, to feel her firm ass in his hands, but the cuffs stopped him.

"That's it, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she snarled through her teeth. "Pound it, give me that cock, make me cum."

Time thrust harder. The vise around his cock, the sight of her gorgeous ass slamming against him, and her talking got him ready to cum. He started to pound her even faster and a moan escaped his lips. He was almost there.

"Don't you even think about coming," she panted, as she slammed her ass against him, pinning him against the grill of the truck and stopping his thrusts. "I'm the only one that is going to cum, Cowboy. If I don't cum soon, you're ass is going to be in the county jail and you're going to get yourself a new boyfriend. So you better start fucking me."

She stepped forward and Tim's cock slipped out. She reached back and grabbed him. Shit, he had started getting soft. The threat was a little strong. Time for a new approach.

"Come on Lover, back in there and pound me like you mean it." She stroked the underside of his scrotum with her fingernail and she felt his cock twitch, then swell. She grabbed it, put the head against her lips and slid back.

"Good boy. Now fuck me. In and out, nice strokes, come on, make me cum."

She reached between her legs and started rubbing her clit as Tim fucked her as hard and fast as he could. The strain of the cuffs, not being able to steady himself, and thrusting were taking its toll on him, but he kept pushing in and out.

"That's it, right there, now fuck me," she screamed, her hand a blur as it rubbed against her clit. A low moan started in her throat and she screamed as her second orgasms washed through her body. She pushed back, her cunt spasmed against his cock as she caught her breath.

"Good boy," she said as she stood and faced him. "You did exactly as you were told."

She kneeled in front of him and took his still hard cock in her hand, slick with her juices. She sucked it into her mouth, and moaned as she tasted herself for the second time that night. He hand stroked his cock as she ran her tongue across his hard knob. She reached under his balls with the other hand, massaging them as she stroked him.

"Cum in my mouth," she said as she looked up at him. She stroked him harder. "Fill my mouth."

Tim looked down at her, stroking his cock, her lips locked around his cock. He strained at the cuffs, wanting to grab her head and force his cock deeper into her mouth, but she was in control. Her hand was a blur on his cock as she stroked him.

He felt it in his feet first, and the wave of warmth traveled up his legs and into his back and then just covered his body.

"I'm going to cum!"

"Give it to me," she screamed, as she pumped him as the first blast of his cum shot into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat, she swallowed it, and pumped him as he filled her mouth.

She pulled on his softening cock, coaxing the last drops into her mouth, and let go of him, his cock hung limp between his legs.

She stood and put her hands on his arms and leaned forward, opening her mouth to his, he closed his eyes, and she thrust her tongue into his mouth, pushing his still hot cum into his mouth. They shared it, back and forth, and she eventually licked it off his lips and swallowed. 

She got dressed as he stood in front of the car, still cuffed to the grill. She pulled her hat onto her head. She got the keys and released the cuffs.

She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips while she smacked his ass.

"See you at home," she said.