 "Damn these days, gray skies, cold as all hell and I sit here all alone." Emma mutters to herself as she clutches a warm cup of tea. Unfolding her legs she slides out of the over stuffed armchair she had been lounging in for the past hour. Strolling by the window, she stops to glance at the reflection. Not exactly a sight to see, her golden blonde hair haphazardly pulled back, a large blue robe covering her pajamas and the giant fuzzy slippers her dog half chewed. Pulling the robe tight around her revealing her very womanly figure, the nice well-rounded breasts, the side indents to her stomach and her nicely shaped hips and thighs. "Tell me why it is I am lonely?" speaking to an invisible nobody. 

Snapping her out of her self-critiquing, the phone rings. She stumbles for it, slightly dazed. "Hello?" she speaks into the receiver.

"Hey, Emma it is Dylan, I'm bored out of my mind. Would you mind if I come over, I'll bring a movie, it is a surprise!" suspiciously his words are a bit over zealous. 

"Um yeah sure, you got to give me a few extra minutes to get dressed." Finally, she thinks, I am not going to be lonely.

"You're not dressed...at this time of day? Well anyways I'll be over in about 10 minutes" 

"Alright see you soon." they both hang up instantaneously 

"SHIT! I got to get dressed!" Emma races down the hall to her room, stripping off her robe and pajamas. Dylan is one of Emma's closest friends; he is a very good-looking guy, with permanently slicked back, umber hair and the most playful blue eyes ever seen. Dylan and her have been friends for quite a while they have always had a very playful friendship. As she slides on a thong she thinks about him, his wandering hands and a smile that always gave a hint to what was on his mind. "Built like a teddy bear," she giggles to herself as it being the best way to describe his build. 

Taking a moment before putting on her bra to cup her breasts; each is more then a handful, very soft, almost milky in color except the nipples which have a baby pink color to them. Circling her fingertip around the areoles; just enough to make her nipples perk up. She shakes her head and gets back to dressing herself. Placing her breasts in to a nice lacy bra and pulling over a rather low top, low enough to tease with out giving it all away in one shot.

Sliding her nice ass into a pair of her tightest jeans. After she zips them, she runs her hands across the back of them feeling her nice tight butt. Giving it a little playful smack and giggling to herself. She applies a light bit of make-up, takes down her hair, and gives it a good brushing. Standing in the mirror she admires how quickly she went from frumpy to cute. "Must be a new world's record," she says. 

Trotting out to the living room, she picks up the miscellaneous pillows, blankets and dog toys strewed around. Looking just up in time to see Dylan's Jeep pulling into her yard. She watches him get out of the vehicle and walk up to the door. Opening it before his knuckles have time to knock on it. "...A bit excited to see me are you?" Dylan smiles coyly 

"You have no clue how absolutely bored and lonely I have been all day." Emma blushes faintly at her exuberance. 

"So take me to movie viewing area." He is trying to look as intellectual as he sounds but ends up laughing. 

Emma grabs him by the arm "You reserved balcony seats, am I correct sir? Here let me take you to them," they laugh as she leads him into the living room. Lightly she pushes him onto the couch. She grabs the movie from his hands and struts up to the TV. Bending over to put the movie in, knowing that while she is bent over, Dylan is getting a great view of her sweet white thong peaking out above her jeans. She stands up, goes over and plops on the couch with him, instantly putting her legs up into his lap. 

"Tell me, since when am I your personal leg rest?" He asks with an eyebrow raised.

"As of about 12 seconds ago." she says promptly, smirking. "Aww, damn I forgot the popcorn on the counter." She gets up and walks out to the kitchen. While out there, she fixes her lovely low-cut shirt, pulling it down just enough to give him a teasing view at her soft breasts. Making sure it clings to all the right spots. Grabbing the popcorn, she returns to her original position on the couch, of course with her legs on Dylan's lap. Setting the bowl in her lap, the movie begins. They are sitting quietly, but she just cannot keep still, she playfully pokes Dylan. Looking at her out of the corner of his eye, he grabs a handful of popcorn. Emma pokes him again; once again he looks at her out of the corner of his eye. This time he throws a piece of popcorn at her and it lands right between her breasts, down her shirt. She gasps he breaks out laughing.

"You know what you have got to do now, right?" Emma says.

"No, what do I have to do?" 

"You have to get it out of there." She knew she was taking a risk with that. 

"Oh, now do I?" He said seconds before he lunges, pushing his hand down her shirt. Out of pure shock and playfulness, she grabs his arm, and then bites his neck. All of the sudden he stops. Just shivering, in a way she had never felt him shiver before. Pausing, she thinks, has she hurt him? But that thought is quickly nixed when she hears a faint moan. Biting down just a little bit harder, she hears a gasp and another moan. Shifting his body so he is on top of her, Emma has yet to release her oral grip on his neck. Sucking the area a bit and tracing it with her tongue. He grabs her hips and pulls him self closer in-between her legs. Emma lets go of his neck. Admiring the mark she left. Dylan pulls back and looks at her smiling. "Do it again." 

Emma bites down onto his neck again, biting and sucking as hard as she can, letting go long enough to peel Dylan's shirt off him. Biting down on his neck again, and then she starts biting down his chest and back up to his neck. Dylan, grabbing her hips, grinds her. Emma closes her eyes, taking a deep breath. She is already beginning to feel wet. Dylan slides one of his hands up Emma's shirt. He feels the soft skin of her breast on his fingertips and himself growing harder with pleasure. His hand goes behind her back and unclips her bra. When she lets go of his neck; he sits back and pulls her up with him. 

Pulling the shirt off, the bra coming with it, to expose her womanly pillows. He just stares at them. Her nipples are already hard, he slides his hand around her breasts taking in how they feel, how soft the skin is that covers her firm breasts, even for him they are more then a handful. He puts his mouth on one of her nipples flicking his tongue around and applying slight suction. 

Moving herself so she is straddling his lap; she runs her hand down his chest. Still, he is sucking, nibbling and licking both of her nipples in turn. She starts to whine. Removing his mouth from her chest in time for her to make another attack on his neck, he shivers. His pleasure growing, he reaches down and unbuttons her jeans. Pulling them down a little ways and putting his hand into her thong; his hand strokes her nicely trimmed pussy. letting a finger slip in to her moist slit, slowly running his finger from her clit to the back to the opening into her. She bites him even harder with enjoyment; grasping his shoulders as she begins to shiver. 

She makes bites up and down his neck straying from time to time down to his chest and up to his ear. With Dylan's hand still stroking her soft spot making her whine with indulgence; taking her hand, she places it down on his jeans. Slowly unzipping him, pushing her hand inside; into his boxers and wrapping her hand around his stiff cock. Pulling it out of his clothing; it stands there completely erect. Emma removes Dylan's hand from her pussy and slides off his lap on to the floor, kneeling in front of him. Wetting her lips and pressing them to the head of his cock. Just barely pushing it into her mouth, she uses her tongue and traces around the underside of the head. She pulls her lips back over the head. His hand grasps hers and gives it a squeeze to show his enjoyment, he takes a heavy breath.

Once again, she presses her lips to the tip of his cock this time, pushing it all the way into her mouth and leisurely pulling it back out. She gives his shaft another lick and engulfs the entire head of his cock. Sucking on it and teasing it with her tongue. Bit by bit, sliding her lips up and down his cock, her tongue makes figure eights on the way. Dylan moans in ecstasy, he squeezes her hand even harder. She starts to move her lips faster, putting a twist with her up and down motion. Letting his cock slide out of her mouth, then back in. Dylan involuntarily thrusts his hips pushing his cock down into Emma's throat. Grabbing the base of his cock with one hand and tenderly taking his balls in the other. Massaging them while she increases the speed at which her lips slide from the head of his cock to her hand. Dylan is listening to the slight slurps and moans she makes as she sucks him off.

He sighs and places a hand on the back of her head, pushing her mouth farther down on his cock. She appears to enjoy having his warm, hard cock thrust down her throat. Dylan continues to guide her head up and down his cock. His hips are thrusting and he just cant seem to keep still. Emma lets the head of Dylan's cock drag lightly across the roof of her mouth. She lets it slide out and rocks back so she is sitting on her heels. Dylan grabs her hands and pulls her up into his lap. One leg on each side of him, she feels his warm, hard cock pressing against her jeans. 

Emma whispers into his ear, "Does it want to play?" she looks down to his cock knowing that it is throbbing with anticipation. 

"Yes, very much so, tell me though how do you want to play with it." his breathy voice gives away his desire. 

"Well first I want to tease it with my pussy's lips." she hotly whispers to him.

"Uh huh, go on." he closes his eyes imagining what she is telling him.

"Then I want to slip in to my wet and warm pussy and feel how hard your wonderful cock is. I want to ride it slowly and let it slide in real deep." Seductively she takes off her jeans leaving only the thong, letting his cock rest against the cloth. The moist heat from her pussy teases his cock. He is so close, he slowly trails his hand down to her clit, moving the fabric out of the way. He rubs her clit quickly and with the slightest bit of pressure. The intense pleasure that floods through Emma is enough to make her entire body twitch and shiver. Her legs begin to feel weak. She kisses him, biting his lip softly as she pulls away. 

Dylan pushes two of his fingers into her now very wet cunt. He slides them in deep and begins massaging her inside. A warm, tingling sensation plows through her take a ragged breath. "Please fuck me Dylan" She can no longer control her body's shakes and she pants the request into his ear. 

"Oh and why do you want me to fuck you?" Slipping his fingers out and back to her clit as he questions her teasingly. 

"Because I love your cock and I want it inside of me." Moaning she shifts up on his lap a little ways. He moves her thong to the slide, grabs his cock, teasing her clit with it and then slips it down and pops it into her pussy. Emma releases a heavy sigh as she feels Dylan's warm, hard and throbbing cock push inside of her. Dylan grabs her hips helping her ride up and down on his cock gently but deeply.

They both pant as they pick up the pace. His hips thrust to meet hers. Emma kisses him deeply, Dylan traces her tongue with his. Pushing his cock into her hard then pulling it out. 

"Uh oh, what are we going to do now?" he teases. 

Emma pleads "please baby put it back in me, please, please you know you want to." 

Dylan turns her over so she is now under him. She looks at him longingly, her eyes fall to watch his cock. He takes it in one hand, spreading her lips with the other. Teasing her with just the head of his cock; she whimper and pleads again for him to put it in her. He does just that, guiding his cock into her pussy, pushing it in and pulling it out ever so slowly, watching her body squirm with the feeling. Putting one hand on each side of her, he begins pounding her pussy as hard and fast as he can.

Emma grabs on to his shoulders for dear life, moaning and unable to take a steady breath, she moves with him, her body twitches and trembles with the on coming orgasm. "Oooh your fucking cunt is hot, I want to cum in you so badly." He speaks softly, he is almost out of breath. His balls visibly begin to swell with what has been building up this entire time. As he kisses her, he moves his head into the crook of her neck and begins biting. She tilts her head, exposing her tender skin. "Please baby cum inside me, I want to feel you explode," She begs; her hips thrust with his, taking in how hard his cock is and its intense throbbing. 

Raking her fingers down over his shoulders and back, "Oh this feels so good." Pulling her hips against his, not letting her move them, he releases his cum inside of her, coating her walls. Her body quakes with the orgasm and the feeling of Dylan drenching her inside with his pleasure. Holding her tight to him as he lets go of load after load. Kissing his lips and a staring deep into his eyes, running her hand through his hair, her breathing has become a bit steadier now. He slowly lets go of her hips and flops back on the couch, well worn out. 

As they get their clothing all back to where it belongs, they kiss. "Did you have fun? Horny girl." Dylan asks her. 

"Of course, and how bout you?" She replies 

"Yeah very much so." He quickly rubs her pussy through her jeans and smiles. 

"Oh now that's just not fair." She playfully complains...