 It is my personal rule never to fool around with a co-worker. Michael was the exception to my rule. I’d heard the buzz about the ‘hot new guy in Marketing’ before I met him. During drinks with the girls one night after work, I learned that Michael was tall, with short, thick, dark brown hair, smoldering green eyes, and a tight ass. “Tight, but juicy,” Sheila had told me. 

The girls were right. He was everything they described, and more. He was attractive, confident and funny. I hit it off with him immediately. We became fast friends exchanging silly e-mails, lingering at the coffee machine early each morning and chatting in the copy room every chance we had. I enjoyed our playful working relationship during the day, and fantasized about him as I pleasured myself each night. 

One late night at the office, it seemed my fantasies might come true…           I closed my office door, removed my blazer and hung it over the back of my chair. I sat down, kicked my shoes off beneath my desk and began working. It wasn’t until the phone rang that I looked at the clock. I’d been working hard and steady for nearly two hours, and it showed. My blouse was partially unbuttoned, sleeves were pushed up above my elbows, and my long, blond hair was twisted into a loose, misshapen bun.

I picked up the receiver. “Hey, it’s Michael. Working late?” he asked. 

“Yes, I’m just trying to finish this proposal,” I replied. 

“Am I interrupting?” he asked politely.   

“Oh, no. Actually, I can use the break,” I offered. I leaned back in my chair, arched my back and stretched.

“Well, to be honest, I just can’t stop thinking about you,” he said in a smooth, seductive voice. There was silence for a moment. I didn’t know how to respond. His comment seemed inappropriate, but I liked hearing it. The truth was I hadn’t been able to stop thinking about him either. I wasn’t sure what to say, so I stayed quiet.

He went on, “I’m just imagining you, sitting at your desk, leaning back in your chair. What are you wearing?” 

“I’m wearing a skirt and a blouse,” I stated simply.

“What kind of skirt? Short? Long? Tell me,” he coaxed.

“Short, I guess. It ends right above my knee.”

“Pull it up higher, around your hips,” he ordered.

“What?” I laughed. “Are you serious?” I was shocked, but intrigued. Our conversations had often been mischievous, but had never taken a turn in this direction. I was uncertain, but curious. I wondered where this could go. 

“Come on, Liz. Pull it up. What are you wearing underneath?” he asked breathlessly.

“You’re nuts,” I told him. I waited. I wanted to see if he was playing around. He didn’t respond, so I gave in. “I’m wearing panties…and pantyhose,” I replied. He was quiet and I knew he was waiting for more detail. “Okay…pink satin panties and just ordinary pantyhose, you know?”

“Mmmm,” he growled, “pull that skirt up and take those pantyhose down.”

I pondered it for a moment. It seemed so ridiculous, but part of me wanted to do it. “Come on, Liz. Please,” he pleaded. I could hear him breathing and it was turning me on.

“Okay,” I said as I pushed the phone to my ear with my shoulder. I pulled my skirt up and took my pantyhose down just below my knees. “I did it,” I whispered.

“Good. Now, touch your pussy through your panties,” he directed.  

I hesitated for a moment, and then slid a finger along my slit, over my panties. “Mmmm, feels good,” I murmured.

“Yeah,” he breathed, “rub your pussy.”

I continued to brush my fingers over my pussy, lightly as I listened to him. A soft moan escaped from my throat.

“My cock is so hard,” he grunted, “I’m stroking it, and thinking of you.”

I slipped my hands into my panties. “Ohhh, I’m touching my bare pussy,” I sighed. 

He responded with a low groan that seemed to tickle me inside. I was so aroused by his sharp, shallow breathing. I could tell he was excited and it thrilled me. He forced out his words, “Bare? Are you shaved?”

“Yes,” I purred. “Do you like that?”

“Oh my God, yes. I love it,” he grunted. “Tell me what you’re doing to that pussy.”

“I’m fingering it,” I hissed as I pushed two fingers inside and began rubbing my clit with my thumb. “I’m fingering my cunt.” 

“Oh, God. Yes. Oh, Elizabeth. Yes,” he mumbled. “Tell me what you’re doing to your cunt.” 

“I’m fucking it. I’m thinking of your cock and I’m fucking it.” I bucked my hips against my fingers, whimpering and moaning, “Oh, fuck. Yes! I’m fucking my cunt!”

“Oh, I wish it was me,” he wailed. “I wish it was me inside you.”

His words pushed me right over the edge. I cried, “I’m gonna cum!” My pussy tightened around my fingers and a warm, blissful feeling radiated from between my legs throughout the rest of my trembling body. Just a few seconds into my orgasm, I heard him begin to climax, too. Then, there was silence. I didn’t know what to say, so I hung up.

I replayed the whole thing as I lay in bed that night. I imagined Michael stroking his cock. My stomach flipped as his grunts and moans echoed in my head. I pictured his face, grimacing as he erupted in his hand. I could still hear him calling my name…

I woke up the next day feeling very sexy, a little side-effect from my encounter with Michael. I dressed in a short gray skirt, a white satin top, thigh high panty hose and no panties. I wanted to be prepared if Michael was up for another after-hours phone call. I didn’t realize the significance of the previous night’s events until I saw him that day.  I had completely forgotten that I had hung up on him. I was making copies in the copy room when he walked in.

“Hey there,” he said casually.

I turned to look at him and suddenly felt embarrassed. I could feel the blood rushing to my cheeks. I looked down at the machine in front of me and mumbled, “Hey.”

“Hey,” he said again softly. He was right behind me. I could feel the heat from his body as he drew closer. He placed his hands on my waist and with his lips next to my ear. He whispered, “Hey you.”

I closed my eyes and leaned back into him. “Yes?” I managed.

“You hung up on me last night,” he accused. “Why did you do that?

I took a deep breath. His arms encircled my waist. “Why?” he asked huskily as his lips brushed against my neck. “Don’t you like me?”

“Michael,” I began. I raised my arm up and placed my hand behind his head, pulling him to me. “I like you, very much.” His hands moved from my waist up to my breasts and I gasped. He cupped them and massaged them firmly.

He pressed his hard cock into me as he caressed my tits. “I like you, too” he said, pinching my nipples between his fingers until they were hard little buds. 

“Should we be doing this?” I asked warily. “Someone could walk in.”

He kept rubbing my tits. “We’ll make it fast.” 

His hands felt so good on my body. I couldn’t resist. He planted little kisses all over my neck as I lifted my skirt up over my hips. I placed my hands over his and guided them between my legs to my wet, exposed pussy. “See how much I like you?” I said breathlessly.

Michael traced his finger along my slippery slit and groaned, “Ohhhh, Liz.” He pulled away, fumbled for a moment and pulled his hard cock out of his pants. “I’ve got to have that.” 

I lifted my leg up onto the copier stand and leaned forward, showing him my pussy. He took his cock in his hand and rubbed the head along my moist pussy lips. He teased my clit a moment before shoving his cock in deep with one fluid motion. We groaned together as he held himself deep inside me.  

He began pumping, slowly into my cunt. I squeezed myself around his dick. My pussy made juicy, sucking sounds as he thrust into me. He grabbed my hips and started moving harder and faster. “Fuck me,” I begged him. “Oh, please, fuck me!”

“You feel so good,” he breathed. “You feel so good around my cock!” He wrapped his arms around me and pulled me upright. I felt his chest against my back. He held me tight, squeezing my breasts hard as he fucked me.

I kept pushing against him. My skin was wet and moist. I could feel my juice all over my bald pussy and thighs. I began to shake. “I’m cumming, Michael!” I exclaimed as my pussy spasmed around him. 

He didn’t slow or stop. He kept pounding me all the way through my orgasm, holding on to me. After a few more thrusts he announced, “I’m gonna cum!” He pushed deep into me and began to explode, crying out, “Oh, Liz!” I could feel his cock jerking inside me as he clung to me. He rested his chin on my shoulder and spoke softly, “Oh, you are so good.”

“Mmmm,” I hummed softly. “You are pretty good yourself,” I said, smiling.

I guess some rules are worth breaking.