 It was the Sunday morning after the Friday when I had fucked one of my fiancée's flatmates; I had got up at 7 and left my fiancée sleeping. It was now 9 and I'd spent the last couple of hours thinking about what happened on Friday and what Vicky then told me yesterday morning and now I desperately needed someone to talk to. So I went and knocked on my fiancée's other flatmate, Gemma's door, knowing she was up as I'd seen her briefly earlier.

"Come in." She shouted.

I opened the door and walked in, Gemma was stood by her dresser in just a bra and thong, I quickly looked her up and down, 'Hmmmm, maybe I'd got it wrong when I thought she wasn't that good looking, she does have a pretty nice body!' I thought to myself.  

"Shit, sorry, I thought it would be one of the girls." She said, seeing me in the mirror, "What was it you wanted?"

"Actually I'd quite like a chat." I replied.

"Oh right, what about?" She asked, sitting down on her bed, still only wearing her underwear and motioning for her to join me.

At this point I feel I should mention two things, firstly I was only wearing a pair of boxer shorts. Secondly Gemma and I have a small bit of history together; we were at a house party with our respective partners and were both a little bit drunk and started dancing together. Things got a little out of hand and she ended up gyrating her ass into my erection whilst I felt her up, and then we kissed. We were about to go to the bathroom together to continue when my fiancée appeared. Needless to say neither of our partners knows about this and we've done nothing else since.

I closed the door behind me and sat down beside her on the bed, "It's about Vicky." I told her.

"Go on."

"Well, last night, when you two were out, we..... we had sex." I told her.

"You did what? Why are you telling me?" She asked.

"Well, I also came inside her, and she told me yesterday that she's not on the pill."

"Shit, I see the problem. Tell me exactly what happened from start to finish." She told me.

"Why will that help?" I asked.

"It just might." She said with a smile, putting her hand on my leg, my cock twitched as she did, but I kept it under control, for now at least.

"Well, it all started when I said I wanted a shower, she said she couldn't bear to be alone so came to the bathroom with me, then she asked me if I found her attractive, when I got out of the shower she was standing there completely naked! She then had a shower and made me stay in the room with her before getting out, still naked." I started.

"OK, did you ask to see her naked?" Gemma asked.

"No," I replied, "I just diplomatically told her I thought she was a good looking woman when she asked."

"What happened next?" She asked.

"We got dried in our own rooms and I got changed into a t-shirt and boxers. We'd agreed to watch a film, so I went into her room, and she was bent over wearing a skimpy nighty with no underwear. Then about halfway through the film she said she wanted to thank me for being good to her and asked if I wanted to see her naked, I accidentally said yes and she took her nighty off. Next she said that as I'd seen her naked before she should do something else to thank me, and before I could say anything she had her hand in my boxers and was tossing me off. Then she took them off and ended up kneeling infront of me, so she took my cock in her mouth and started giving me an amazing blowjob." I recalled.

"Well she's had a lot of practice!" Gemma said with a tinge of jealousy, "Then what did she do?"

I happened to glance down towards Gemma's crotch and saw a wet spot starting to form, so decided to make my story slightly more graphic.

"Well, just as I was about to cum in her mouth she stopped, got up and took my t-shirt off, before getting me to lie down on the bed. She then straddled me and got me to ask her to let me fuck her, she lined the tip of my cock up with the dripping wet entrance to her pussy and then got me to beg her to slide down on it. She did, and she was so tight and it took her ages to get all of my big cock inside her, she started rocking backwards and forwards on it to make sure she had it all inside her, her breasts were swinging around and I just couldn't resist taking them in my hands and playing with them. Next she started slamming herself up and down on my huge cock whilst I played with her tits, she was sopping wet, it was brilliant, it felt like her pussy was caressing my cock. It didn't take long until I shot a big load of cum deep inside her whilst she had a screaming orgasm. Half an hour later you got home." I finished.

I looked down at Gemma's crotch again, this time there was a huge wet patch visible. I then noticed that Gemma was stroking my leg, and her gaze was fixed on my hard cock, which was attempting to break free from my boxers. I put my hand on her smooth leg, and slowly ran it up until it was on her inner thigh, almost touching the huge wet patch.

"Well what do you think?" I asked.

Gemma managed to take her gaze off my cock for a while to look me in the eyes, "I think we have some unfinished business to take care of."

She then lent in and kissed me, slipping her tongue into my mouth before reaching behind her, unsnapping her bra and slipping it off to reveal her pert B cup breasts, her nipples were like bullets, just begging to be sucked on. I lent down and took turns to take each one in my mouth, running my tongue around it and then sucking and gently nibbling on it as Gemma groaned in pleasure. I let her nipple slip out of my mouth before dropping down to my knees off the bed and positioning myself between her legs. 

I licked up her panties to taste the wetness that was seeping through them before slipping my fingers into the waistband and slowly slipping them down over Gemma's sexy legs. Her pussy was completely bald and felt silky smooth as I ran my hand over it, dipping my fingers into her slightly and then pulling them out, I fed one to her and licked the other one clean for myself.

I started licking her inner thighs, slowly moving towards her pussy, cleaning up her wetness as I found it. I licked her wetness from around her pussy then slowly spread her lips with my tongue and slipped it inside her, tasting the sweet taste the inside of her pussy had to offer, swirling my tongue around inside her as she moaned her pleasure. I withdrew my tongue from her pussy and licked up her slit until I came to her clit. I started licking, sucking and nibbling her clit for a while until I knew she was about to cum, I brought her to the brink of orgasm with my tongue on her clit before plunging it back into her wet hole. Gemma now had her hands on the back of my head and was pushing it into her pussy as she came with a squeal of pleasure. I lapped up her juices as they flowed from her pussy down my tongue and into my waiting mouth. Eventually she released me and I stood up, my cock pitching a huge tent in my boxers, desperately trying to break free from its confines.

"Wow, that was amazing!" Gemma said when she regained her breath, "No-one's ever given me oral before, come to think of it no-one's ever given me an orgasm that good before!"

"My pleasure." I said with a smile.

"Now why don't you slip out of those boxers and into something more comfortable, like me!" Gemma suggested.

I quickly slipped out of my boxers as Gemma swivelled her sexy legs up onto the bed and then I got up onto the bed with her.

"My God, that thing's huge!" She said after seeing my cock for the first time, "I think you'll have to go slow else you might split me in two!"

She spread her legs for me so I crawled in between, licking up her leg, up over her pussy and flat stomach towards her breasts where I sucked her nipples before licking up to her neck before finally kissing her, slipping my tongue into her mouth so she could massage it with hers. I lined the head of my cock up with her wet entrance and applied a bit of pressure, so the head of my cock just about slipped inside her.

"Ooooohh, make sure you take it slow, I'm not a virgin but my boyfriend's nowhere near the size you are." She told me.

I started slowly working my cock in and out of Gemma's pussy, adding an extra half an inch and slowly stretching it wider each time, until finally I had managed to bury all of my nine inches inside her. This also meant that over the course of a weekend I'd managed to have my cock inside all three women in the flat, not bad going!

"Wow, I feel so full. I've been wanting you to do that to me for ages!" She told me with a smile.

I smiled back and withdrew my cock until only the head was left in her before thrusting it slowly back in again. She was slightly looser now so I slipped back into her easier, and started to build up a rhythm as she moaned her appreciation. I'm sure I was stretching Gemma's pussy to its limits as she didn't seem to be getting any looser, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing! I could feel her pussy literally gripping on to my cock as I thrust it in and out of her and I'm sure she could feel every single movement I made, no matter how small. I kept pumping my cock in and out of her pussy as her moans grew louder, enjoying the feeling of slipping in and out of her tight, wet, pussy.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm, I want to feel, mmmmmmmmmmm, your cum splash, mmmmmmmmm, into me as I cum." She moaned.

I could feel her pussy tightening it's grip on my cock as she approached orgasm to the extent I could barely move it. I kept thrusting into her as much as I could, attempting to send her flying over the edge into her second orgasm.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, fuuuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkkkk, yyyyyyeeeeeeesssssssssssss." She screamed as she started cumming.

"Shiiiiittttt, oooooooooohhhhhhhhh." I moaned as, unable to take any more of her ultra-tight pussy I shot my load deep inside her convulsing pussy, panting as her pussy milked all of the cum it could get from my cock.

After I was done I collapsed down onto Gemma's naked body, my cock still buried deep inside her pussy as we both recovered from our orgasms.

"That was absolutely amazing, thanks!" She said.

"You were pretty damned good yourself." I told her.

"I've decided I'm going to dump my boyfriend." She told me.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because I want to be your reserve girlfriend, anytime your fiancée can't or won't be there for you, I will be." She said with a smile.

"Do I have to do anything for you?" I asked.

"Well, a good fucking like that one wouldn't go amiss once in a while." She informed me.

"You drive a hard bargain, but I think it's one that I'll just have to accept." I told her with a smile.

*******************************

*******************************

A month later I was back in London again, I had been up once in the last month, but didn't get to see Vicky or Gemma. It was 9am Sunday morning, I got up and left my fiancée in bed and went to the toilet. As I was coming out I saw Vicky walking from the kitchen to her room, she was just wearing a baggy t-shirt, she saw me and said: "I'm not pregnant." Before just walking into her room, she had got back with her old boyfriend recently, and he was in there with her no doubt. 'Thank fuck for that!' I thought, and walked over to Gemma's room and knocked on the door, I heard what I thought was a mumbled 'Come in' so I opened the door and walked in, closing it behind me.

Gemma turned her head towards the door, saw it was me and turned it back again. I took my boxers off and slipped into bed with her, she was naked, as I knew she would be, she had told me that she'd always sleep naked when I was around, incase I ever felt I needed her. I pulled myself up against her, my cock pressing into her ass and draped my arm over her to fondle her breast.

"Mmmmmmmmm, what are you doing in here?" She asked.

"I thought I should come and tell you that I'd just seen Vicky." I told her.

"And..."

"She told me she wasn't pregnant." I told her.

"That's lucky..." Gemma said, "Because I am."

"WHAT???"

"Remember that great sex we had that ended with you filling me with your cum? Well those sperm swam up to my egg and got me pregnant with your baby." Gemma told me.

"Oh, do you want to keep it?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Good, I guess we need to tell my fiancée then." I said.

"I think we ought to, yeah." Gemma replied.

Gemma turned her head towards me and we kissed and I held her, my hand now over her womb.

*******************************

A few hours later Gemma and I were in my fiancée's room...

"I've got something to tell you..." Gemma said, looking at my fiancée, "I'm pregnant."

"Congratulations!" My fiancée said with a smile, "But who's the father?"

"I am." I said sheepishly.

"WHAT?"

"I'm the father of Gemma's baby." I reiterated.

"Well, normally I'd be dumping you right now, but it turns out that you've been a busy boy, because I'm pregnant too." She told me.

Gemma and I stood there shocked.

"So congratulations, double Daddy!" My fiancée said.