 "Ooooooh yeah!" Jodie moaned in pleasure, not from the under-sized cock inside her, but from the sweet pleasure of revenge. As she thought how pissed Matt and Vicky would be when she told them, which she was going to very much enjoy doing, she cast her mind back ten minutes to how it had happened...

*************************

She was in the shower, feeling how pregnancy had already started to swell her breasts and make them much more sensitive, as she gently tweaked her nipples, the pleasure zipping through her body, she realised she'd forgotten to bring a towel in.

'Shit, idiot!' She cursed herself, she thought about shouting for one of her flatmates to bring her one, but they were both still asleep when she had gone into the bathroom. She decided she'd have to run back to her room, it was only down the hallway and the only risk was bumping into Vicky's boyfriend, who was staying over, but she was sure he'd still be asleep with her flatmate.

She turned the water off and got out of the shower, the chill of the cool air instantly hardening her sensitive nipples. She opened the door slightly and peeked out, Vicky's bedroom was opposite the bathroom and the door was still firmly shut. She opened the door a bit further and peeked down the hallway, she could see her bedroom door, open on the other side of the hallway, opposite the kitchen.

Jodie opened the bathroom door fully and her world went into slow motion as she stepped out into the hallway, naked and dripping wet. She took two steps forward, then another, she was halfway but it had felt like it took minutes. She took another step, 'Almost there!' Jodie thought to herself, but then she heard a noise from the kitchen - what to do? She was closer to her room, but that was right opposite the kitchen, but going back would take longer and she'd have to do all this again.

'It'll only be Vicky or Gemma anyway...' She thought to herself, as she steeled herself to carry on. She was just about to take another step forward when the worst happened - Vicky's boyfriend stepped out of the kitchen.

"Uh, hi Jodie." Rob said, looking his girlfriend's naked flatmate up and down.

"I, ummmm, forgot my towel..." Jodie replied, trying to cover her bare breasts with her forearm and her pussy with her other hand.

"So you did..." Rob replied, his eyes locked on how her breasts were spilling over her arm trying to conceal them.

As they stood there, frozen to the spot for what seemed like ages, her embarrassment was replaced by an idea of revenge, 'If Matt likes to fuck my flatmates, let's see how he likes it if I fuck their boyfriends!' she thought to herself, smiling inside.

"I should go dry myself, I'm dripping wet." Jodie finally broke the silence, and slowly removed the arm covering her breasts, the cool air instantly hardening her nipples.

"So I see." Rob said, staring at the hardened red nipples that topped off her breasts, as beads of water continued to drip down from her hair and slide down her bare boobs.

"Do you like what you see?" She asked with increasing confidence, removing the hand covering her pussy.

Rob nodded, unable to tear his eyes away from her naked body, "Well, maybe you should come with me..." Jodie said, walking past him into her bedroom.

Rob wasn't the sort of bloke that passed up an invitation like that and quickly followed her into her room, shutting the door behind him. He turned around to see Jodie bending over her bed, her legs spread to reveal her pink pussy as her boobs gently swung free. He quickly removed his trousers and his pants and approached his girlfriend's prone flatmate.

Jodie felt his hands on her bare ass, then running along her sides to her swinging tits. She felt like such a slut as the strange hands roughly fondled her breasts, but smiled to herself at the thought of telling Matt and Vicky, she gasped as he pinched her nipples a little too roughly.

Rob moved his hands back to her ass, steadying them both as he took a step towards her before gently starting to press forward. Jodie felt his cock pressing against her unguarded slit, 'Here we go, revenge time!' she smiled to herself as she thrust backwards, Rob's cock entering her pussy with a pop. The next bit was always her favourite, feeling the rest of the cock slide into her and gradually fill her up, but it never came. 'Oh, is that it?' She thought to herself disappointedly as she felt him began to thrust what he had back and forward inside her.

'Oh well, best go with it now...' she thought before, "Ooooooh yeah!" she moaned in pleasure as she thought about paying Matt and Vicky back for what they did. "Ooooohhhh, mmmmmm!" she continued unenthusiastically as Rob roughly mauled her breasts, then slapped her ass as he continued to thrust into her.

"Oh shit, I'm going to cum soon..." He announced.

"Already?"

"Sorry babe, this is just too hot!" He replied, "Where do you want it?"

"Right there in my pussy!" Jodie answered, thrusting backwards to emphasise her request.

"Oh fuck, here it comes babe, oooooooohhhhh!" Rob groaned.

"Mmmmmmm yeah, fill my slutty pussy!" She moaned in encouragement. Jodie groaned as Rob's cum shot into her pussy, load after load filling her up until finally he had finished and pulled out of her with a 'pop'.

Jodie stood up and turned around, watching her flatmate's boyfriend pull on his pants and trousers as his cum started to trickle out of her pussy and down her thigh. "That was amazing babe, could we do it again sometime?" He asked.

Jodie looked at his small cock, disappearing back into his pants and thought 'Not a chance!', but said "Maybe, let's see what happens..."

"OK babe, let me know." He said, walking over to her and fondling her breasts roughly, she grimaced slightly as he pinched her nipples before slapping her naked ass as he told her, "I'd love to have another piece of your fine ass. But uh, you won't tell Vicky will you?"

"Why, would I want her to know I fucked her boyfriend?" Jodie smiled.

"Yeah, guess not." Rob replied, "I'll, uh, see you later then." He said, walking out of her bedroom as she shut the door behind him.

Jodie sat down on her bed, as she thought about what happened and what she'd do next, an evil grin spreading over her face as she felt the cum that was dripping slowly from her pussy.

*************************

Later that day Jodie walked into the kitchen, Vicky was in there already making a cup of tea - "Hey you, how's it going?" she asked Jodie.

"Not bad, you?"

"Yeah great thanks, Rob's staying over again tonight, you don't mind do you?" Vicky asked.

"Not at all, but can I ask you something?"

"Of course hun..."

"How do you cope with a cock that small?" Jodie asked her flatmate.

"What? What do you mean?" Vicky was puzzled, she was sure she'd never mentioned Rob's lack of size to her flatmates.

"Well Rob's cock is only like three inches..." Jodie stated.

"Don't be daft, who told you that?" Vicky inquired.

"No-one told me, I saw for myself."

"What, when the hell did you see his cock?" Vicky asked, getting more agitated.

"When he fucked me this morning!" Jodie told her flatmate, very matter of factly.

"You what?!" Vicky shouted, trying to judge by the look of her flatmate's face if she was telling the truth. "Are you serious?"

"Yep, bent me over my bed whilst you were still asleep. Apparently he wants a piece of my fine ass again too!"

"What? Why the fuck would you do that you whore?"

"Same reason you fucked Matt I guess, slut." Jodie replied calmly.

"Ah... So Gemma told you?" Vicky replied, calming down.

"Yeah, she did..."

"Evens?"

"Yeah, a whore draw I reckon!" Jodie grinned.

Vicky laughed and the two girls hugged, "I don't suppose I could borrow Matt again sometime? You can have Rob whenever you want!" She grinned.

"Maybe not - I think you come off a bit better under that deal..."

"You say that, but Rob has a very talented tongue..." Vicky told her flatmate.

"Well OK, we'll see if I can be persuaded." Jodie grinned as the two girls hugged again.

*************************

I got off the coach at the coach station and made my way to the nearest tube, I hadn't seen Jodie for two weeks now due to our workloads and was looking forward to seeing her, if not the complicated situation I had fucked my way into!

Half an hour later I arrived at her flat and knocked on the door, "Hey babe!" I grinned as she opened the door, stepping inside we hugged and kissed, "How are you both?" I asked, gently patting her womb.

"I'm fine," She replied, "But please don't refer to me in the plural just yet - I'm not that big!" she smiled, leading me into her room.

"So how's your day been?" I asked, sitting down on the bed next to her.

"Not too bad you know, but well, you'll never guess what happened this morning!"

"Go on..."

"Well, I was in the shower this morning, and I was feeling really horny, so I started to touch myself..." She told me.

"Oh yeah?" I smiled, already liking where this was going.

"Yeah, but stupidly I'd forgotten to bring a towel in, so I had to stop."

"Oh no, so what did you do?"

"Well I thought about shouting for one of the girls, but it was early so I knew they'd still be asleep. So I decided to just run back to my room." She told me.

"And what did you do when you got back?" I asked.

"That's the thing, I'd gotten as far as near the kitchen when I heard a noise, you'll never guess what it was!"

"A mouse?" I guessed, wrongly.

"Ha, no. It was Vicky's boyfriend, Rob."

"Oh," I said, sounding less pleased now, "Did he see you?"

"Yeah, he walked straight out of the kitchen and almost into me, so he saw everything!" She shrugged.

"Did you not try to cover yourself up?" I asked, slightly peeved.

"Oh, I tried, but there wasn't much point - I was spilling out everywhere and he was enjoying the view!"

"I bet he was." I almost snarled through gritted teeth, "So, then you walked off into your room?"

"Yeah, and I suggested he might like to come with me too."

"What?! Why the fuck would you say that?" I shouted.

"I told you, I was feeling really horny..." She grinned, obviously enjoying this.

"So what exactly are you saying Jodie?" I was probably bright red now, the anger boiling inside me as I asked her to spell out what I already knew she meant.

"Well, I bent over my bed right here, Rob walked in and dropped his pants, slid his cock into my prone pussy and fucked me until he came inside me - well, that's if you count three inches as fucking!" She explained, grinning broadly as she watched my reaction.

"Why the fuck would you do that, you whore?" I shouted.

"Well, with plenty more reason than you fucked both of my flatmates and got one pregnant!" She shouted back.

I went quiet, what could I say after all...

"I'm off to work now - see you later hun!" She said, blowing me an exaggerated kiss as she walked out of her room and out the front door.

I stayed sat on the bed, thinking for a while before eventually getting up and going to the kitchen, putting the kettle on for a cup of tea. A few minutes later Vicky walked into the kitchen, "Hi Vicky, are you OK?" I asked, not knowing if she knew.

"Hi babe, yeah, I'm fine thanks." She said, standing on tip-toes she turned her head, so that my anticipated kiss on the cheek actually met her lips. "Do I take it from all the shouting she's told you what she did?"

"Yeah, she did - so I assume you know?"

"Yep, took great pleasure telling me earlier."

"What did you say?" I asked.

"What could I say, she had me bang to rights - I'd fucked you first, so we made up."

"Oh, OK then..."

"Look, don't worry about it babe, I'm sure you two will make it up - she's had her revenge and proved a point. She had her fun telling you and know you can move on..."

"Maybe, I suppose..." I said, putting milk into my tea.

"Now, speaking of revenge..." Vicky started, as she moved in close to me.

"I thought you said you two had made up?" I questioned.

"Jodie and I have yes, but Rob still needs to be punished for what he did." She told me, pressing her ass into my crotch, "Do you fancy helping me with that?" She smiled, mischievously.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked, my hands sliding down her body as I felt from the curve of her breasts down to grabbing her ass.

"Mmmmmm, that's nice babe." She moaned, "I thought if he likes cum in women's pussies so much maybe I should give him some..."

"I think I can definitely help with that!" I grinned.

"I was hoping you'd say that babe!" She grinned back, taking hold of my hand and leading me to her room. Vicky dropped to her knees infront of me, undoing my jeans before swiftly pulling them, and my boxers down to my ankles, my semi-hard cock springing free into her face. She opened her mouth wide, sucking my cock into her warm orifice she bobbed back and forwards, her lips sliding up and down my readily hardening shaft as her tongue washed over my cock until it had reached full size in her mouth.

"Mmmmmm, I think I'm ready for you." I told her, she looked up at me and smiled, my cock still in her mouth. She gave me one last suck, before letting my cock drop from her mouth, her saliva dripping from it.

Vicky stood up and unzipped her skirt, letting it slide down her legs to reveal a black thong, then unbuttoned her shirt to show off a black balcony bra, a hint of areola peeping above the material. She reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra, shrugging the straps off her shoulders, then letting the cups fall from her breasts, her slightly sagging D cups once again bare for my enjoyment.

I reached across and grabbed her boobs, fondling them and rolling her nipples between my thumb and fore-finger before leaning in and sucking each nipple in turn into my mouth. "Oooooohhhhhhh!" She groaned, reaching out for my hand and guiding it to her panties, rubbing it across the material I could feel the heat coming from her pussy. "I need your cock, now!" She told me, sliding her panties off down her legs.

Vicky walked over to her bed and bent over, spreading her legs wide to leave her already glistening pussy fully accessible to me. I walked up behind her and placed my hands on her bare hips, my hard cock nestled in against the opening of her wet pussy. She gently pushed back against me, my cock sliding into position as she did, then a slight build-up of pressure until the head slipped inside her. "Oooohhh, now do me!" she insisted, as I felt her relax, wanting me to push myself fully inside her.

I slowly slid forward, so she could feel each inch enter her until she was completely full, "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm!" She moaned as I slid inside her, "I love the length of your big cock Matt!"

I fucked her hard, my cock sliding in and out of her sodden hole as she moaned in pleasure, my flesh slapping loudly against hers, her tits and ass jiggling frantically as we fucked - "I'm really close now..." I told her.

"Oooooohhhh, fill my pussy with your cum again babe." She groaned.

With a grunt, I came, unloading rope after rope of cum into her pussy as she screamed with her own orgasm, her pussy clutching at my cock, milking the cum from it. Finally spent, I pulled out, she stood up and turned to me, "Mmmmmm, thanks for that babe - I'll enjoy the cheating bastard eating that from me later!" She grinned.

"Glad to be of service!" I grinned back.

"Now don't be a stranger babe..." She told me, standing up on tip toes she kissed me passionately, her tongue sliding into my mouth. I left her there, smiling as I went for a shower.

*************************

The rest of the weekend was really awkward between Jodie and I - I left on the Sunday having not really spoken about what either of us had done, and not having had sex either.

*************************

*************************

Jodie woke up, rolling over to silence the beeping alarm clock on her phone. Sliding out of bed she grabbed her towel and headed for the bathroom, she turned the shower on and climbed in, her nipples hardened as she soaped her body up, her sensitive breasts zipping with pleasure as her hands gently slid over her hard nipples. Her hand dropped to her pussy, pregnancy was definitely making her more horny than usual! Her hand slid down her body, her finger sliding over her already engorged clit and down her lips, she was ready to slide a finger in when she suddenly remembered she had an early tutorial. 'Oh shit...' She groaned to herself, frustrated as she finished washing her hair and body, ignoring the tingling sensations coming from her pussy.

She finished up and wrapped the towel around her before going back to her room to dry off and dry her hair, she pulled her thong on before considering what to wear, it was a hot day so she pulled on a short skirt that came halfway down her thighs. She looked for a top to wear, she really didn't want to wear a bra in this hot weather, they'd been rubbing her overly sensitive breasts, but could only find a low cut top. She pulled it on and looked in the mirror, the material was thick enough that no-one would see through, but if she bent over anyone near would get a great view of her large bare breasts swinging free.

She bent over to pick up her bag, the mirror giving her a preview of what everyone else would see. 'Note to self, DO NOT bend over!' She smiled to herself, as she grabbed her bag.

*************************

She arrived at uni feeling hot and bothered from the heat of the underground, but pleased that she'd seen at least a couple of blokes checking her out. She made her way up the stairs to her department and walked down the corridor, stopping and knocking on a door.

"Come in." A voice called back.

Jodie opened the door and walked in, "Morning Professor!" She said cheerfully.

"Good morning Jodie." He replied as she turned to shut the door, she could feel his eyes wandering up her bare legs to the bottom of her short skirt, her pussy tingled at the thought which she quickly tried to suppress.

She sat down in the chair opposite him, purposely taking her time until she crossed her legs, her pussy tingling as she saw him take the opportunity to look right up her short skirt at her thong covered pussy. She eventually crossed her legs, allowing her skirt to ride up and show an obscene amount of her bare thighs. During the tutorial she regularly amused herself by uncrossing and crossing her legs, watching his eyes travel up her bare thighs to get a sneaky view of her panties made her pussy tingle.

Then, towards the end of the hour long tutorial she put her pen down on her writing pad only to see it slide off onto the floor - she hadn't meant for that to happen, at least she didn't think she had meant it to. She thought about what to do, she couldn't leave it there, but if she bent down - that's when she notice she already had, she was bent forward and her professor now had an unrestricted view down her loose top. Her pussy tingled again as she thought about the fact that right now he'd be staring at her large bare breasts, swinging free in the loose top, her hard nipples gently grazing the material. Her pussy began to get wet.

She sat back up to see her professor staring at her dumbfounded, "Did you like what you saw Professor?" Jodie asked brazenly.

He continued to stare at her blankly, too taken aback to respond to the student whose full breasts he had just seen.

Jodie looked down at his lap, she could see the bulge in his trousers and she could feel the dampness between her legs - it was like a switch had flipped in her head, the same had happened when she had fucked Rob. "Well hopefully my pen won't fall again..." She said, no sooner had she finished her statement then she very purposely pushed her pen off her pad, it bounced and fell a foot from his feet.
