 As you may know by now, I love having my big tits played with by horny men. If a man shows my boobs attentions, especially my sensitive nipples, I become extremely horny and show him my gratitude in very slutty ways.

Men love staring at my body. I am 5'6, light brown complexion, with nice natural 38 C boobs. My tits and ass get a lot of attention, especially when I decide to wear tight, sexy clothes on purpose.

This story is about my lovely experience at a doctor's clinic when I was 24. I had seen a board of the private clinic of a male gynecologist when travelling in Mumbai. I wondered why a man would decide to get into that specialization. I also noticed that there never seemed to be much rush for his clinic. Being the adventurous woman that I am, I decided to find out what I could about the doctor on the internet, and if he looked good, I planned to get an appointment for a boob examination. I found online that he was in his mid to late thirties, not too bad looking, pretty decent figure. I touched myself a little, wondering what it would feel like to have his hands on my body.

The next day I made an appointment and he answered the office phone himself and took down the appointment details. His voice was deep and nice, and I couldn't help but touch one of my nipples as I spoke to him. 

When he asked the purpose for the appointment, I said "Just a routine breast examination".

I felt a slight pause on the other end before he said "okay, sure" a little quickly.

That evening I got ready. I was fully waxed and shaved. I wore a nice sheer lace bra which the fabric felt amazing against my hardened nipples. I wore a matching lace panty and on top of that, a tight T-shirt and jeans.

When I arrived at the clinic, there were no other patients, just as I had hoped. My heart was beating very fast. I hadn't had any action for a couple of months and I was feeling pretty adventurous. Hearing the door open, he came out of his office and I noticed that he couldn't help but look at my body before quickly meeting my eyes again. 

He looked just like in the pictures I found of him online. He was about 5'9, average brown complexion, but in fit shape, and had a nice stubble growing. His hair was combed in a side parting. He told me to please come into his office. It had fogged glass windows facing the waiting room, but across the middle of the room was a curtain behind which the examination bed was, for privacy while examining a patient.

I sat down across from him at his desk and he smiled and asked me what seemed to be the problem. 

I said it was nothing particular, just that I had hoped to get a breast examination, which I lied and said I do routinely, but since I moved and was new to the city, I had just decided to get it done at the nearest doctor's office.

He said alright, he'll have a look. He asked me to go sit on the examination bed. I did so and he followed me and pulled the curtain closed for privacy. I smiled at him and he smiled back saying first he would just do a general check of the heartbeat.

He took his stethoscope and placed it on my chest above my left boob and asked me to take deep breaths. Then he did it on the other side of my chest above my right boob. Then he placed the stethoscope lower on my chest, just above my left nipple. I kept taking deep breaths but I'm sure my heartbeat had gotten faster. He could also hear the rising heart rate definitely. He slowly moved the stethoscope just above my right nipple and did the same. I was starting to get excited now.

He slowly moved his stethoscope again, this time dragging it slightly on my chest as he did, and placed it directly on my left nipple.

My breath hitched in my throat when I felt the hard plastic against my nipple, especially because of the fabric of the lace grazing against my nipple. I noticed him looking into my eyes for a moment and our eyes met.

He slowly and deliberately moved the stethoscope across my chest and placed it on my right nipple. By now, my nipples had started to become hard because of the direct contact.

He was looking down at my chest now. He moved the stethoscope away and said "Your breathing seems to be fine. It rose a little. Are you nervous?"

I shook my head and blinked innocently. I said "no doctor, I trust your examination."

He smiled and nodded and then told me that for the actual breast examination, he would need me to take my top off.

I said okay, and got off the bed and took off my top without waiting for him to turn or anything. I saw his eyes widen as he took in the shape of my magnificent boobs in the sheer lacy bra. It was see through and my hard nipple were poking through.

He managed to regain his composure just enough to tell me that in order to examine me thoroughly, I needed to take my bra off as well. I smiled and nodded and put my hands behind my back and let the bra pop off my boobs.

I could see him trying very hard to maintain his composure, but a slight bulge in his pants was starting to give him away.

He asked if I would like a vagina examination as well since I was here and I said sure, and pulled my pants off and panty as well.

He couldn't seem to keep his eyes off my body and told me to sit back on the examination bed so he could start. His hands moved from one boob to the other, rotating the palm of his hands at various parts of my upper breasts, and then doing the same with the pads of his fingers.

Then he moved down lower, around my nipples and did the same. I was watching his face while he was doing it but his attention seemed completely directing at my breasts. I even saw him nervously lick his lips once or twice.

Then he almost hesitated, and placed his thumb on my left nipple and gave it a little swipe. I couldn't help but close my eyes and open my mouth at the feeling. He noticed no objection and took his other thumb up to my right nipple and swiped it as well. I let out a tiny moan before I could control myself.

Not taking his thumbs off my nipples, he looked up at me and asked "how does this feel?"

I answered, stammering a little because he was now running his thumbs in circles over the hard nubs, making it hard to concentrate on anything other than my building lust, and said "it feels nice."

He smirked and looked back down at my now hard nipples that he had been teasing with his thumbs, and suddenly lightly held both nubs between his index fingers and thumbs and started rolling them between his fingers. I gasped and let out another moan.

"Your nipples are very sensitive, this is good for the examination" he said, adding "you have very nice breasts. Perfect shape. Beautiful nipples..."

With that, he went back to teasing my breasts and nipples, looking up at my face from time to time to see how his touches were making me react. I was moaning and biting my lip and closing my eyes with every new touch. I looked up into his eyes and gasped as he took the tips of his index fingers and flicked them across my nipples. He was looking back into my eyes as he did this.

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" he asked.

"Yes doctor, this is the best examination I've had so far," I replied, looking into his eyes.

While this was going on, he had started rubbing his hard on against my knees that were in front of him. He was clearly enjoying himself.

Then he said "there is one more technique I have to use in order to give a thorough examination... You must sit still and let me do this, okay?" he asked assertively.

I nodded, biting my lip. He smiled and lowered his face till his nose was almost touching my left nipple. He rubbed the tip of his nose against it, and then stuck out his tongue and took a slow and deliberate lick across my nub.

I gasped. I was in heaven. His eyes looked up at me as he started flicking his tongue across my nipple, then placing his lips on the hard nub and pulling gently on it, sucking on my nipple.

I moaned with lust. Before I could help myself, I pressed his bent head closer to my breast, as if to help feed it to him. He closed his eyes and began suckling like a child, while his other hand went up to my other breast, flicking my other nipple with his thumb.

I squealed. I couldn't help myself. He was doing such a good job, my pussy was probably leaking with wetness at this point. 

He shifted his mouth to suck on my other nipple and flicked the newly wet nub. He alternated between my breasts, sucking loudly and wetly.

Then he brought his face up to mine and we began to kiss furiously, our tongues dancing into each other's mouths. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed deeply, licking his tongue, sucking his lips. He had made me extremely horny and I was ready to let him do whatever he wanted to me. My legs were spread apart on either side of his waste, and as he kissed me, his hands were still playing with my nipples, stimulating me. 

After a few minutes of tongue fucking, he pulled away and bending and giving each of my nipples one last suck each, he told me it was time for him to examine my pussy.

I nodded and he wasted no time spreading my legs wide and kneeling down and licking my juices clean. I moaned and moaned and pushed his head against my throbbing pussy. He opened his mouth wide and gave long licks, then sucking on the lips of my pussy. Suddenly we heard his main waiting room entrance door open and a man's voice say "doctor? Courier delivery. I need a signature."

He stopped and stood up, wiping his face and saying "just a minute. I'm with a patient."

He made me get up and stand in front of the examination bed, still behind the curtain, so the delivery person could not see even my foggy outline through the fogged glass. The doctor whispered in my ear to be a good girl till he got back, and with a quick tweak of my nipple, he pulled the curtain slightly aside and went to the other room to sign for the package. 

I stood there, completely naked, completely turned on, realizing how kinky it was that there was another complete stranger standing just a few feet away, only a little bit of the curtain and a glass partition stopping me from being exposed.

I heard them speaking in low voices in Hindi and then a little bit of laughter and then heard the main door close and then heard a click, as if the doctor had locked his front door. This must have been the case because when he came back, he pulled the curtain completely aside and smiled down at my naked body, licking his lips. He sat at his chair next to his desk and asked me to come forward. I did so obediently. 

He unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pant from where he was sitting and pulled out his hard cock. I stared at it excitedly. It was a decent size, about seven inches and nice and veiny. He began stroking it, watching me watch him. With his other hand he took mine and pulled me forward so I was standing between his legs. He bent forward and sucked on one of my nipples. I moaned again.

He then said "you're a naughty girl, aren't you?" while sucking on my breast.

I replied "...yes".

He continued sucking and licking my hard nubs while stroking himself and then asked "you want to make daddy happy?"

I gasped as he pulled her nipple with his lips and answered "yes."

He sucked again and asked "yes what?"

I replied "yes...d-daddy!" gasping as he licked my sensitive bud.

"Good girl... You're daddy's good slut, aren't you?" he asked, suckling on my nipple.

"Yes daddy. I'm your slut, I want daddy to use me, please fuck me daddy, give me your cock. I'll do anything" I moaned. 

He pulled his face back and rested back in his chair and smiled, "that's a good whore. Now suck daddy's cock like a good girl."

I obediently knelt down and began stroking his cock and bent my head over it and began sucking on his rod.

I am quite good at sucking cocks, and I do it very sensually and in a very slutty manner. I sucked it nice and hard in my mouth, licked it all over, going down to his balls and sucking them before licking all the way back to the tip and then sucking wetly again. He moaned and grunted as I sucked him off for a few minutes and then he pulled me up by the arms suddenly.

"Fuck, baby. I had to try so hard not to cum on your pretty face. But I wanted to save that for your sexy pussy. Now sit on me.

And with that, I straddled him on his chair and sat my pussy on his cock and I felt his hands on my hips, lowering me onto his pole. I gasped as I felt him inside me. He bounced me on his cock like I was a sex toy. I moaned and moaned.

He told me to not hold back and scream out whatever I wanted. I couldn't have held back if I wanted.

He asked "you like the way Daddy feels inside your cunt baby?"

I moaned "yes daddy! Yeah daddy fuck me hard, oh my goddd!" as I bounced up and down.

We fucked like this for a few minutes till he pulled me off his cock, stood up and carried me to his examination table, kissing me roughly all the way. Once we reached, he lay me on it facing him and flipped me over so I was bending over for him.

"Daddy's going to fuck you like the slut you are, you like that baby?" he asked, rubbing his wet cock against my ass cheek.

"Yes daddy" I answered, and he slipped his cock into my waiting pussy, pulling and pushing my body against his cock. While I was bent over, my tits were rubbing against the examination bed, with my nipples grazing the rexene covering of the bed, sending stimulation straight to my pussy. I came at least twice and finally felt him jerk and suddenly felt warm liquid shooting into my cunt and leaking out, trickling down the side of my leg. He pulled his cock out, chuckling.

"Fuck" he said, "that was the best fuck I have ever had! You're a good slut, aren't you?"

I blushed, turning around and kneeling down, sucking his cock clean for him, and then standing back up to reply "yes daddy, I'm a good slut."

We rested on the examination bed for some time and then I told him I have to leave. He gave me his card and took my number, saying "You will need to come back for another consultation" and winking. I giggled and began putting my clothes back on.

As I finished putting my bra and panty on, he came from behind and tweaked my nipples through the lace, moaning how nice my breasts were, and how many more inspections they needed from him. I loved the feeling of him playing with my nipples but I knew if I let him continue, I would end up fucking him again, so I giggled and said I really have to go now.

He told me he wanted some pictures of my body to keep him happy till my next visit, so I obliged, posing in various poses, pushing my tits together, pulling them out of the lace bra so he could take some of him playing with my nipples, rubbing my pussy. Once he was satisfied, I put all my clothes on, kissed him one last time at the door and turned to leave. 

He opened the door but stopped me in the corridor, which was now deserted as it was quite late, we had fucked for quite a while. He pushed me against the wall, lifted my top up, pulled one of my tits out and began sucking on my nipple, right there in the open corridor facing the main road!

He pulled my other boob out and moved to suck on the other nipple while fondling the breast he just left. He sucked for a good minute till I laughed and pushed him off, readjusted my clothes, kissed him, stroked his bulge and turned and left. I was very satisfied with how my doctor's appointment went.