 My college days were filled with many wonderful memories of sexual excitement, some of the best times of my life. This is one of the many stories I have to share with you. I'll take you back to the day of the drive in movie where movies were not necessarily seen. Teens and young adults treated their car and the drive in like a motel room for sex or whatever they could get away with their partner.

I was enrolled in summer school taking a class in political science. I was starting my sophomore year trying to get a little ahead on my credits so I thought one class each quarter wouldn't kill me. The very first day I saw a girl of my dreams and she was going to sit next to me. While certainly not ugly, I certainly didn't consider myself handsome, far from it. I was tall, thin, and blue eyes, a Swede or 1/2 of one. This girl was well dressed, a little on the tall side, brown hair, brown eyes, a little thin and nice breasts filling out a blouse nicely with cleavage showing from some of the buttons being undone. I could see a little bit of her tan line where it ended and the breast began.

As she sat down I introduced myself.

"I'm Tom," introducing myself by holding out my hand.

"I'm Sherry," she said, holding out her hand too. "I'm a sophomore."

"So am I," I said, "We made it through the first year."

We sat down and said nothing to each other, both of us taking notes for the introduction to the class. 50 minutes passed by rather quickly. We both got up and I was about to walk away when Sherry stopped me.

"Did you go to Jefferson High School and play golf,?" she asked.

"Yes I did," I replied. "4 years I played. Got pretty good at it."

"I'll should say so," she said. "You won the high school tournament 2 years in a row. I saw your picture in the paper. Do you play on the U team?"

"Too busy," I replied. "I have to work 20 hrs. a week to put myself through school plus studying."

" You were so good," Sherry said, "The best in the city."

"I want to see "Annie Hall" which I missed last year. If you saw it don't tell me. It's at the Bluebird Drive In."

"I missed it too," she said.

Was that my time to make a move.

"Would you like to go,?" he asked. "What night works for you?"

"Tonight would," she said.

...

I was excited not to see the movie but to go on a date with Sherry. It suddenly occurred to me it was a little too easy.

Was there a motive behind this?

I went to work, milled my flour samples, got dusty, and went home to clean up. I had plenty of time because it would be 9:30 pm before the movie started because of daylight savings. I fixed some food and hit the books for a couple hours to study the political science for Wednesday. Time passed and pretty soon I was in my Mercury Comet and back to the U to get Anne who lived in a dorm. I left the apartment to allow plenty of time to get there early. I called her right before I left and asked her to meet me out front.

She was dressed in a simple blouse, unbuttoned for cleavage, shorts, and sandals. As she got into the car I noticed she had no bra on as her full breasts jiggled nicely.

"Good to see you again so soon Sherry"

"Good to see you Tom"

We headed to the Bluebird and got there by 9:00 pm, plenty of time to get a good spot (out of the way), get popcorn and drinks from the concession stand, and get ready to watch the movie. As we parked and put the speaker in the car Anne offered to go and get the popcorn and soda. I thanked her and let her go. 

What is going on I thought to myself

10 minutes later she came back with popcorn and soda, got back into the car, and handed Tom the goodies. She appeared to be relaxed and completely at ease, in fact she moved next to Tom and kissed him on the cheek. Tom put his arm around her and she snuggled on his shoulder nicely.

The previews started and Tom and Sherry moved away from the steering wheel so Tom would have a little more room. Sherry settled in nicely next to Tom acting like they were a steady couple. Tom gripped her a little tighter and Sherry leaned over and gave him a nice kiss using her tongue. Tom returned the kiss by biting her ear lobes which took her breath away. She responded by kissing him even harder. It was longer, more tongue, and harder.

Tom's hand went to her breast and he felt the soft yet firm globe in his hand. He could feel her nipple getting hard and Sherry pushing his hand tighter against the fabric and breast flesh. Tom put his other hand underneath her blouse and brought his hand to the other breast feeling the naked flesh, firm, with an erect nipple in his hand. He brought the other hand underneath her blouse and had a handful of breast in each hand.

She sucked in her breath as he began to knead her breasts like bread dough. It was like dough with two hard little raisins on the top. The nipples were very erect now and Anne was heating up. She moved her hands to the hard mound on Tom's pants and gripped it firmly.

" I want you Tom, she said, "I want cock."

Tom put his hand underneath her shorts and felt nothing but bare ass which Tom buried his hand into her ass flesh. As he kneaded her ass she pulled her blouse off revealing a beautiful pair of breasts. It was dark but there was enough light to see how perfect they were. From what he could see the aerola was pink and her nipples like little pebbles. They were pure white and perfectly formed.

Sherry slipped her shorts off to reveal a shaved pussy, wet and ready for action. Anne spread her legs and Tom got down on the floor and started licking her pussy, the lips and the clit inside. Her juices started flowing even more. Tom didn't know what to do. Suck on those magnificent breasts or feast on her cunt. He would do both and started with her hot wet pussy.

He stuck his tongue inside and found her clit and went to work on it along with licking her pussy juice. Sherry was hot and bucked and groaned at the sucking and licking she was being given. He spread her pussy more with his hands to get his tongue in further. He continued his assault and Sherry screamed with pleasure and had an orgasm, twitching. Her juices were really flowing now and leaking out of her. Sherry was in heaven.

Tom switched to her magnificent breasts. The little he saw of the orbs he worshipped them. He felt the breast flesh and began to lick he soft flesh including the nipples. He went to work on each breast holding it with both hands, kneading the flesh and biting the nipple to hardness and size. He licked the aerolae erecting the bumps on it and pulled on the nipples with his front teeth. This made Sherry scream with passion and orgasm again. He was amazed at the softness of her breasts and pushed his fingers into the flesh even more. They were perfect melons and Tom could go on forever.

Sherry was enjoying the attention but she wanted more.

"I want you to fuck my tits Tom. Titty fuck me."

Tom pulled his shorts and brief off and his erect rod was already at attention. He got up on his knees, Sherry leaned forward a little bit and he slid his cock into her cleavage. To give it some lube she spit into her cleavage catching the head of his cock. He slid back and forth and was in heaven. These breasts were perfect for fucking and Tom knew he was in for the treat of his life.

"Fuck em, fuck em," Sherry said.

They both watched the head go in and out of her cleavage, Sharon licking the head each time it came out. She was licking all of the precum leaking out of his cock. Tom was holding the breast flesh kneading it while the cock slid in and out of her breasts. 

Tom pulled his cock out of the cleavage and slapped his cock on her nipples, going back and forth on her breasts. He pressed his cock into the nipple and pushed and rubbed against it. His cock felt all of her breast flesh as he slid it over the top, nipple and underneath the breast letting the weight rest on his cock.

It was time to go back to the fucking and Sherry spit on his cock again, giving him more lubrication. He squeezed them tighter making the cleavage so tight and thin he had to push harder to get his hard cock thru the cleavage. It was still heaven fucking these perfect breasts. He'd never get tired of fucking them.

However, his cock was getting ready to explode and it was going to land on her neck and give her a pearl necklace if he didn't take it out. He gave his cock 3 more thrusts and he came with several ropes of cum, each one hitting her neck and pooling on the neck except for the last two which stayed in her cleavage.

As Sherry pulled her magnificent breasts off his cock they stuck together from the goop of the cum. Sherry smiled knowing how slutty this was and how much he enjoyed titty fucking her. She had a glow on her face knowing how much she was wanted. She would do it again and again. Sherry had a slutty side and it was coming out. She was covered with cum and loved it.

Sherry and Tom got dressed and Sherry left for the concession stand with the cum on her neck. She was gone about 10 minutes and again she was very chilled out. We left the theater early and headed to my apartment.