 -SESSION 3- Bridget and Faith

Bridget (#3) and Faith (#5) lived together in a two-bedroom apartment. Peter knocked on the door, wondering what riches awaited him inside. They each had large tits even before the drug took hold, so he was enthused at the prospect of seeing the two beautiful, model-like blondes now. He looked over the text messages he had received from the two girls minutes beforehand. 

Faith: "Heyyy what are you doing? :)" 

Peter: "Not much, just hanging out"

Faith: "Oooh come play with me and Bridget!" 

Bridget: "Hi cutie! You should come over!"

Peter: "Ah I don't know if I can today..."

Bridget: "Pleeease? You're literally our only friend, don't make us beg :("

Peter knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that his plan was coming to fruition. Just then, Bridget and Faith opened the door. Both girls needed no correcting in terms of their outfits; they had both donned booty shorts and tiny, low-cut tank tops that were not appropriate for public. Peter gawked at their tits for what felt like thirty seconds before anyone spoke. 

"Yay!" Bridget exclaimed, "We're so glad you're here!" 

Bridget and Faith hugged Peter simultaneously. He felt their tits bulging against his arms and glowed with pride. As with Nicole, Paige and Lexi, he followed them to the living room, where he sat in between them. However, Faith and Bridget seemed to sit even closer to him—as though they were trying to demand his attention. 

"So, how has your day been?" Bridget asked. 

"Can I get you anything?" Faith inquired. 

Peter had Faith pour him some lemonade, and then asked the girls about how their days were. Bridget babbled about volleyball practice, and Faith chatted about rehearsal. The entire time, Peter was performing an experiment. He was staring at their boobs for almost the entirety of every story or anecdote. Bridget and Faith looked at him, saw that he was gawking at their racks and not processing a word of what they were saying, and merely continued their talking. 

Peter grew increasingly excited at this realization, for it meant the girls most certainly recognized their role in the relationship. They were less and less friends to be maintained and more subjects to be explored; therefore, Peter was less required to listen to them and more welcome to simply bask in their abundant jugs. He was in charge, and if their calling him out would resist in his leaving, then they had to compromise. 

On Peter's end, no compromises were being made. He stared at their endowments with decreasing bashfulness and with confidence that was exponentially growing. If Lexi would let him comment on her tits when she asked explicitly what he was thinking about, then maybe Bridget and Faith would be even more generous. So, he interrupted them. 

"Both your tits look great." he said to the two of them. 

This was a big moment. The girls had to make a decision—would they tell him he was being rude, or would they accept the compliment with playful glee and keep Peter thoroughly enticed. Neither girl wanted to give up their admittedly only friend, so the answer was, while somewhat humiliating, fairly obvious. 

"We're so glad you're enjoying them." Faith replied dutifully. 

"What size are they?" Peter asked, still not making eye contact. 

"I'm an EE, and Faith here is an E." Bridget replied, smiling warmly. 

"Those are fantastic." 

"Thank you so much!" Faith said, a talking Barbie doll. 

Peter's phone buzzed, and he excused himself. There was much more work to do. 

-SESSION 4- Chelsea and Janine

Peter's phone was slowly becoming more and more awash with text messages. He was currently trying to decide whether to spend dinner with Nicole and Paige, Amber, or the infamous triplets. However, his decision-making process was hindered by an invitation to check on two more of his subjects—a tempting little duo by the names of Chelsea (#10) and Janine (#8). 

He knew what to test on this particular visit, but he also knew the stakes were higher. His only hope was that his influence had become so undisputed that he could carry out the actions he had planned with absolutely no consequence. Chelsea had short hair, but she wore it nicely, and her body was extraordinarily well-proportioned. Janine was more top-heavy, but Peter had no qualms about that. 

Before he knew it, Peter was sitting on the couch between Chelsea and Janine, both of whom were in very low-cut dresses, which showcased their racks perfectly. The cleavage was generous, and there were ample handfuls of breast popping out of either neckline. 

At some point, during a conversation the girls were perpetuating over a glass of wine, he decided to make his move. While he had been staring at their respective mammaries for several minutes, it was time to take it up a notch. 

Peter slowly lowered his face to be level with Chelsea and Janine's tits, and he gazed at them from mere inches away. Peter turned back and forth between the two, his mouth agape, his actions now devoid of all subtlety. Chelsea and Janine simply pretended as though it were not happening—letting him know that what he was doing was totally acceptable—that it was his right. 

First he stared at Chelsea's enormous tits for minutes on end, and then he switched to Janine's. He memorized every detail, carefully studied their shape and fullness. 

"Squeeze them together for me." Peter said, interrupting whatever story Janine was telling. 

Without question, Janine pushed her elbows together, causing her boobies to squish into each other, making her cleavage even more mouth-watering. 

"How's this?" she asked. 

"Great. Keep doing that." Peter nodded. 

Janine kept the twins squeezed and on private display for him while she continued her story. Peter was totally tuned out—and both girls knew it—as he continued to gawk. Janine's huge, marshmallowy jugs were centimeters from his face, and he knew it was his destiny to bury his face in between them and bask for hours on end. However, he decided to save that privilege for another visit. 

After about five minutes, Peter turned to Chelsea's rack. Chelsea was in the middle of a story about a job application or something, but Peter knew he could interrupt with no consequence. 

"Squeeze them." he ordered. 

Barely missing a beat, Chelsea obeyed, squishing her tits even tighter than Janine had. 

"Wow..." Peter managed to verbalize, entranced. 

"They're so big, aren't they?" Chelsea asked. 

"Yeah..." Peter sighed, "They're huge..." 

"Mine are huge, too." Janine spoke up. 

"Oh, I know." Peter said, looking back at Janine's, which she was now squishing together with even more abandon, "I wonder whose are bigger." 

"Would you like to find out?" Chelsea offered. 

"Another time, ladies." Peter said, feeling several buzzes from his phone, "I have some business to take care of." 

And with a kiss from each busty girl, he was out the door.