 --SESSION 7-- Lizzy and Ellie

Lizzy (#4) and Ellie (#9) were both old friends of Peter's, but they had never seen him as anything more than that—until recently. He had stolen the occasional glance at their tits before the transformation, and it made them somewhat uncomfortable. Now, they found themselves knowing what they had to do, and it was going to be humiliating. Ellie had sent a flirty, borderline-slutty text message inviting Peter over, and he arrived at their door fifteen minutes later. 

They had elected not to answer the door topless, although they knew it would not be long before Peter got to see their bare breasts. Instead, they wore tiny khaki shorts, which squeezed their nice butts mercilessly, as well as soft, plush white furs that covered their top halves. Lizzy was a busty redhead, while Ellie was a stacked blonde. Peter's eyes bugged out at the sexy sight before him; Lizzy and Ellie had also slathered their faces in an extra layer of makeup, making them look like high-class prostitutes. 

"Hey, there are my girls." Peter said, smiling smugly. 

"Hi, Peter!" Ellie grinned, hiding her reluctance. 

"Let's go to the living room." Lizzy suggested. 

"Well, I'd rather hang out in the bedroom, actually." Peter replied. 

"Of course." Ellie nodded, understanding his insinuation. 

With that, they went upstairs, with Peter hot on their heels. He basked in the roundness of their asses, knowing that he would be basking in the roundness of their other assets in the very near future. Lizzy and Ellie shared a subtle glance; were they actually going to debase themselves so fully for his friendship? They both knew the answer. 

The trio entered Lizzy's bedroom, and Ellie shut the door behind them. Peter sat on the bed, and the two girls stood in front of him. This was more of an act of submission than he had initially realized with Marie and Jennie. Lizzy and Ellie were essentially awaiting orders. 

"We all know what's going on here, I'm guessing." Peter said, cutting the pleasantries. 

"Yes." Lizzy nodded, averting her gaze. 

"How big have those titties gotten?" he asked. 

"Really big. We're both E cups." Ellie answered. 

"Show me."

The girls slowly dropped their furs, revealing their huge racks right at Peter's face level. He smiled broadly and gawked unabashedly at his prizes. 

"Do you mind if I feel them?" Peter asked, fully aware of the answer. 

"Not at all." Lizzy replied, almost gritting her teeth. 

"Enjoy." Ellie said. 

His heart pounding in his chest, Peter proceeded to lift his hands and place them on the girls' tits. One on Lizzy's right boob, and one on Ellie's left. He squeezed and kneaded the flesh balloons appreciatively, savoring their warm, silken feel. Soon, he switched to just feeling Lizzy's jugs; he then alternated over to Ellie's, actually making some eye contact with his girls to assert his dominance. They merely flashed him forced demure smiles as he felt them up. 

"These are lovely." Peter said wistfully. 

"Thank you, sir." Lizzy answered, adding a personal touch that Peter was fond of—he would have to keep this "sir" business going, but at the next house. It was time to move on. 

--SESSION 8-- Kelsey and Vera 

Seven visits down, and a few more to go. Kelsey (#1) and Vera (#2) were two years older than Peter, and had never paid him very much attention—until recently. He had become their only friend and sole confidant, and his power had gradually expanded with their breasts. They lived in a small, cozy apartment of their own, and Peter arrived, knowing he was about to reap some more of the rich rewards he had worked on for weeks on end. 

Of course, Peter's phone had been buzzing nonstop for the last hour. 

Chelsea: "We're so glad u like our tits!"

Marie: "Wanna see some pics of us in our new bikinis?" 

Kelly: "Please come play with our boobs later tonight?" 

Peter did not respond, making one final effort to play it cool, and the girls' messages became incessant. However, he was far more focused on the task at hand. The two dark-haired beauties opened the door to show Peter their outfits...part of which appeared to be missing. 

Kelsey and Vera were topless. They must have been communicating with the other girls, specifically Lizzy and Ellie, regarding what Peter wanted them to wear, and that bare tits were the preference had clearly become understood. They wore tight-fitting jeans, high heels and big, welcoming smiles to go along with their big, welcoming racks. 

Moreover, Peter no longer felt any pressure to maintain the guise of the "friendly visit." As a result, things were about to get a lot more fun. 

"Hey, cutie." Vera cooed, letting Peter inside. 

"So good to see our best friend." Kelsey agreed. 

"You mean 'breast friend'." Peter corrected, to the giggles of his girls. 

The two girls kissed Peter on the cheek and led him to the dining room. Peter began to plot in his mind what he would do with the girls and when. He would have some playtime with Kelsey and Vera, then a couple more visits to individual groups, then he would begin assembling "group dates" where he would combine four or five women at a time. Eventually, he would gather all twenty for his massive "sea of tits" fantasy, but that was a while away. 

Kelsey and Vera had made a sumptuous meal, and taking advantage of lonely, busty women all evening had made Peter hungry. He sat at the head of the table, and the two lovely girls served him. He gawked at their big breasts shamelessly as they bent over and walked around the room. Finally, the women served themselves and sat on either side of him. 

"Your boobs look great, ladies." Peter commented nonchalantly. 

"Thank you so much, sir!" Kelsey grinned, bouncing up and down in an effort to get her tits jiggling. 

"Are they nice and soft?" he asked. 

"Yes, they feel wonderful." Vera answered. "Maybe you can feel them after dinner." 

"I'd rather feel them now." 

The girls paused, and after a moment, they knew they had to stop eating. They stood up and crossed to Peter, where their enormous breasts jutted out at his face level. Their food was getting cold, but they knew what their job was. 

With a big, smug smile on his face, Peter fondled Vera's funbags. Their supple, bountiful flesh overflowed in his hands, and he savored his ownership. He paused to eat a little more before moving to Kelsey's, which were just as huge and perfect. This pattern continued for twenty minutes, and their food grew cold as Peter enjoyed himself. It was another test on his road to domination, and it appeared he had passed. 

Another text. Peter finished his meal, got a kiss from his girls, and was out the door.