 "How would you like to increase your breath holding times from a measly 1 minute to 5 minutes or more! With the Julie Wilson Breath Holding Course you will join a growing group of men and women that enjoy freedom from one of the more basic human weaknesses; The need to breathe continually." 

A young man clad in a bright red and white Speedo swimsuit swam leisurely through a shipwreck that was obviously in very deep water. At his side was a stunning young woman who had a miniature crimson string bikini and a silver 6 cubic foot high-pressure mini scuba tank strapped to her willowy waist. 

They joined hands and moved together but with one conspicuous difference - she breathed her air - he held his breath.

They swam and cavorted through the passageways gliding into the wheelhouse of the old cargo ship that had been sunk to form a fish habitat. They played with the boats controls and looked in the cabinets. The boy took their picture using his underwater camera and self-timer, as they stood upright behind the immense wooden wheel. They were having a great time.

The girl offered the boy her regulator but he refused it with a grin. He continued to hold his breath completely at ease as he floated over to the girl. She teased him by grabbing his balls through the thin fabric of his suit. She could feel that his dick was getting hard. She pulled the string on her bikini top to release it and let it drift to the boat decking between them. Her small breasts were evenly tanned and that implied that she was no stranger to the topless beach on the island.

"This young couple is celebrating their honeymoon here in Aruba just two weeks after Mike completed the 10 day 'Julie Wilson Breath Holding Course'. Julies' courses are held on an desert island just off the Mexican coast and promise to boost anybody's underwater fun and lung capacity."

The girl sat topless in the captain's chair and watched at the boy swam around the cabin inspecting the controls and the instruments. He swam over her and glided down along the far wall and approached her from the back. He swam under the chair and came up between her legs and reached his hands on either side of her fumbling at the scrap of cloth that still covered her. 

Mike pulled the girls' bikini bottoms toward him while glancing at his watch. A close-up of the digital display on his wrist showed that the breath-holding timer was passing 2 minutes. He picked up her little red triangle top and tucked it with her diminutive bikini bottoms in his swimsuit waistband. He held her admirably at arms length and looked at her slender nude body. She smiled at him and put her hands on his waist. She floated up out the chair and her tanned bottom further showed that she was also a frequent visitor of the nude beach as well.

"These two kids are enthusiastic divers and visited this shipwreck last year – but never like this!"

The young man took the girl by the hand and swam side-by-side with her out of the ships cabin and the length of the stern deck. He peeked into an open hatch over the engine room and then in an impish mood, put his feet on the top step of the ladder and started working his way down the constricted passageway. When his head was level with the deck, he reached out to give the girl a reassuring stroke on the foot. With a swirl of bubbles, he vanished inside the drowned boat to explore the engine room and challenge the underwater maze.

The girl was plainly worried that he could be trapped inside or lose his way inside the dark ship. He was holding his breath, after all, and if he became stuck, there would not be time for her to go for help. And, without an air tank there was no telltale trail of bubbles to give away his position. She lay down on her belly on the metal deck and stuck her head inside the opening to try to see him. Her naked rear was pointed at the camera as she slid almost half of her upper body in the dark passageway.


The announcer said, "The boy is free of the worry of air tanks and decompression tables. I am sure that he is also enjoying the freedom to move around in tight places that come from not wearing gear and the related straps. He is also wearing water correction contact lenses to make his vision clearer underwater. I wonder where he is?"

Mike moved down the ladder and into the engine room. He has always loved large engines and he took the time to study the gauges and shiny brass valves. There were two 8-cylinder diesel engines that looked like they were in perfect condition. He moved deeper into the boat and swam in almost total darkness up the starboard passageway past the galley and the crew's quarters on the lowest deck inside the ship. If it had been floating he would be right at the water line. He could see a faint light up ahead and he swam toward it into the mess hall that was located right under the foredeck. Still holding his breath at three and a half minutes without any difficultly, Mike looked for a way out of the boat.

He stopped to examine a small kitchen next to the mess hall and found a perfectly good can of Coke. He was tempted to open it and try to drink it but his experiences with underwater eating had not been very good. He set the can on a table for the next diver to find.

After almost two minutes of exploring the potentially very dangerous and confining rooms and passageways of the ship, the Mike located the door that led to the front deck and emerged at the bow of the boat. Mike swam out into the filtered sunlight and felt his crouch. He thought about the lovely mermaid that was waiting for He swam to the top of the wheelhouse and was rewarded with the view of his young naked bride ass up looking down the hatch that he had entered the engine room by. He hurried to return to her before she did anything stupid like try to follow him in to the hazard filled vessel. 

He snuck up on the girl who was still looking down the hatch and poked her in her exposed pussy with his mini-mag light. She jerked and pulled out of the hole in a hurry! She thought that a sea snake had molested her.

She was relieved to see him and she wrapped her arms around him in glee. He kissed her on the neck and then on her tits. She arched her back and he ran his tongue down her belly and gave her shaved snatch a snaky little lick. He rose and took her hand and swam with her to the side of the ship and they floated over the side and down to a bed of soft white sand and sea grass next to the stern of the boat. The elapsed time for Mike was now 4 minutes even.

"Anybody who enters the water (even a bathtub) should consider this underwater breath holding course", explained the announcer. "As you can see this man is having the time of his life unencumbered by equipment or even the urge to breathe."

The girl settled to the bottom on her butt and looked up at the surface over 60 feet away. She breathed carefully from her tank that was now 75% empty. She knew that 25% on the gauge meant that she had only 5 minutes left at this depth. The gentle current caressed her exposed sweet little breasts as she relaxed backwards into her sandy bed.

"Of course your improvement will vary, but generally speaking you can add up to 4 minutes to your underwater time! The breath-holding course starts with a home study set of DVDs and study book. The student receives instruction on how to hold their breath underwater and how to increase their time with both physical and mental exercises." 

"When the student has reached 3 minutes underwater in the tub or pool on every single attempt, they start the personalized training at our school. Nothing is forced at the school but we ask you to practice every day for at least three weeks before you come to the first class."

The girl pulled her mask off sending a torrent of bubbles to the surface and snorted a bit as the water filled her upturned sinuses. She held the regulator in loosely in her lips and smiled at the boy. He was kneeling between her long legs with his hands on her knees gently pulling them apart.

"In our first 3 "classroom" lessons, you will learn how to utilize all of the capacity of your lungs, efficient air exchange, mental conditioning, setting your "internal" stopwatch, and breaking down your internal fears. This is accomplished entirely in the pool with the classroom work and written tests being taken underwater as well."

The girl threw her head back and thrust her hips up to meet the boy. She had her feet buried in the sand and her arms out at her sides.  The boy's heart was hammering as he surveyed this sight! He wanted to fuck her so badly that he almost ejaculated in his swimsuit without touching her.

"Some students are interested in underwater exploration, some are interested in increasing free-diving skills, some are interested in underwater sex, and some are interested in a combination of courses."

He eased her legs apart and lowered his face to her eager pussy. His dick was rock-hard under his bikini and the tip of it was clearly sticking 2 inches out of the waistband. His feet floated above his head as he started performing oral sex on her. He continued to thrust with his tongue in her cunt as he held onto her buttocks with clenched fingers. His timer beeped at the 5-minute mark!

"If we watch long enough there is no doubt that we will see a little 'deep water' family planning going on. I wonder if their kids will be born mermaids?" 

His thrusting actions pushed them along the ocean floor as he attempted to ram his entire head into her womb. She spread her legs as wide as she could and opened her mouth letting water in around her regulator choking her a bit. She clamped down in her throat to keep the water from drowning her and twisted her hips back and forth to increase his depth.

"As the clock rounds 5½ minutes, you can see that this young couple is totally satisfied with the results of his training."

She grabbed his head and pulled him up to her face and spit out her regulator so she could kiss him face-to-face. He pulled down his shorts with one hand and wiggled out of them. They drifted away in the current along with her bikini. His erect cock drove it's way into her pulsating pussy. Their pelvic bones met with so much force that she squeaked with surprise underwater.

He wrapped his arms around her neck dislodging her air tank from the Velcro belt that she was still wearing. It fell to the sand 2 feet away from her and the regulator leaked the last of the precious air to the surface. Her feet were kicking with pleasure and the tank was knocked away down a slope into much deeper water. The girl held her breath and clamped her pussy muscles on his cock and held on tight. She put her face into his chest to keep the water at bay but that did not help her growing need for air very much.

"Oops, we better start an underwater breath holding timer on her as well! She is obviously untrained but she was planning to take the Julie course after this trip. Maybe she helped him study in the bathtub in the time that it took him to complete the pre study course."

She struggled to hold her breath as he fucked the holy crap out of her! She could hear his watch beep at the 6-minute mark so he couldn't last much longer. Could he? She knew that he had better cum soon or she would be one drowned kitten!

As the camera pulled away to the surface you could see them in the cool depths rhythmically fucking on the ocean floor. She was releasing small bursts of bubbles and he was now doing the same!

"Mike has now been underwater for over 6 minutes and the girl is going for a personal record of 2 minutes without air! Maybe she did try out the pre-training modules. But even if she did, it is still unlikely that she can do better than 3 minutes. Of course, they still need to swim to the surface and that should take at least half a minute so they need to start right now! I doubt that they can recover her air supply."

As the camera moved back you could see that her tank stopped bubbling in a final burst!

"Well it looks like they are still making underwater love and the time is now coming up on 7 minutes for Mike and 3 minutes for his wife! This announcer happens to know that they survived but you will have to visit our web site to learn the whole story."


The camera pulls out of the water the moves to their 24-foot boat waiting on the surface. On the stern deck table were a couple of wine glasses half full of an amber white wine.

"OK kids, have a good time! 

Young man, remember your training. 

Young lady, don't let him drown you! 

And both of you, don't let the wine get warm"