 In my minds eye, I can see him.

My fingers write. They play. They think.

I lay on my bed and stare out the window, imagining what he is doing. Turning on the TV. Grabbing a beer. Taking off his shoes. He sits down, flips through the channels. He is waiting for me.

I knock.

I wait.

I breathe.

He opens the door and smiles. "It's been awhile." He says, stepping aside. I smile back.

Breathe.

"Hi to you." I say, giving him a hug. My breasts crush against his chest and he runs his hands down my back. We stay this way for a second. We are both anticipating why I was here.

Breathe.

"Want a beer?" he asks, going to the refrigerator. I accept, not because I want a drink, but to calm my nerves. I open the bottle, take a swig and lick my lips. He is staring at me.

"What?" I ask, smiling as I sit down the beer. The condensation has begun to bead and drip from the bottle.

"That made want to kiss you." He says coming around from the other side of the island. He is so close I can smell the clean scent of soap that he uses.

Breathe.

I put a hand on his chest and look up to him. His eyes are dark, liquid. He drapes his arm around my back and caresses the small indent at the bottom of my spine. He leans over to nuzzle my neck, his full lips grazing my hot skin. I lean my head to the side, inviting him. Wanting him. Breathing him in.

My hands go around his strong neck and I moan against his lips. He grabs my butt, caressing the softness and pulls me closer to him. The TV is being drowned out by the beating of my heart and his breathing.

Slowly he stops his assault on my mouth and looks me in the eyes. We both know where we are headed. We both know there will be no going back. The sun has begun to set already and an amber glow is filling the kitchen. He glances towards the stairs.

I breathe.

He tugs my hand and I follow him soundlessly up the stairs. He stops in the bedroom door and kisses me again. His warm lips and skin touch mine. He reaches for my shirt and tugs it from my jeans, running a strong hand over my soft stomach. I play with the button of his pants, feeling his excitement as my hands dance over the zipper.

His lips travel to my collarbone, to the top of my over spilling bra. My breasts rise and fall with my breathing and it catches when he moves towards the pink bud under the pink lace. He raises my hands above me, pressing his large body against mine, sliding a knee between my legs, pinning me to the wall. I have no control.

My body arches instinctively, responding to his touch, his scent, and his manhood. I whimper, whispering, "yes" into his mouth. He growls low in his throat, and out of frustration pulls my shirt from me, exposing me to him. He stops, admiring my soft body and my full breasts, but only for a moment. He takes my hand and leads me to the bed. Breathe.

At the foot of the bed he stops and I stand in front of him. I reach for the ends of his shirt and he raises his arms as I slid the shirt from his torso. I toss it on the bed and admire him in the same way he hungrily looked at me. Moving closer, I kiss his chin, his neck, his shoulder. My hands splay to his sides, as my mouth continues to travel south. My kisses trail to his stomach, his navel and to the edge of his pants.

My hair falls into my face and he gently pulls it aside. On my knees now I shakily snap open his pants and pull the zipper. I slide his pants from his contoured hips and he steps easily out of them. I reach for his boxers and pull them with the same manner, not looking up until I see him step out of them. I look.

I can't breathe.

His member stands at attention, proud and full. It is alive with sensation and excitement and my body trembles at his feet. The head beads with precum, and with my left hand I reach out and slid my thumb over it. He draws a sharp breath inwards and clenches his teeth.

Gently I lean in, at first running my tongue from base to tip, tasting him. I rotate my tongue over the head, down the shaft and to his balls. I kissed each one, sucking them slightly into my mouth. I moved up to the tip, opening wide to accept him. The head slid in, then the shaft until he is fully engulfed in me. I withdraw just to impale myself again and again.

I suck slightly, running my teeth gently over his taught skin. The thick vain runs along my tongue, and I suck the head and cup his balls in my hand at the same time, loving the feeling of his cock in my mouth. I reached for the shaft with my right hand, sliding my mouth and hand together, squeezing lightly. I jack him, swallow him, taste him. I feel greedy for him and want his cum in my mouth. I look up from my position on the floor. His eyes are closed, and he leans back slightly, his hands still hold my hair.

I begin to pump him harder into my mouth, knowing what this would lead to and not caring. I want to taste him, want him to fill me up, want to take it all. His large cock disappears into my mouth over and over again, feeling as if it was getting bigger. I feel his grip tighten on my head and I know he was close. I increased my speed, adding suction and tongue, feeling him swell in my mouth. I grabbed his ass, pulling him deep, never mind I couldn't breath, and waited for the cream, the stream, the....

Explosion. Deep in my mouth I feel him let go, pulsing his seed into my mouth, down my throat, forcing me to swallow, allowing me to swallow. I eat it greedily, gulping it. When he pulls from me, I lick my lips, running my tongue over my mouth, making sure I had each drop. Satisfied, I stand and was immediately lifted and tossed onto the bed.

Like a panther, he crawls over me, covering my body with his, his cock grazing my leg. I tremble at the thought of him. I was going to cum if he touched me. He delves into my breasts, rubbing his chin between them, his rough 5 o'clock shadow braising my skin. With expert hands he pulls my panties from my legs and runs a hand up to my waist. I breathe deeply.

Moving slightly to the left, he swirls his fingers in the soft down hair at the center of my legs. It is moist and slick, prepped for entry. He kisses me at the same time he inserts one finger into me. I open my mouth to moan only to be kissed deeper. A second finger joins the first, stretching me, filling me, teasing me. I moan again against his lips, breathing through my silent screams.

Into my ear I hear his voice, telling me to let go, let him feel me, let his hands love me. I am almost in tears, overwhelmed by his presence, knowing this was better than any fantasy I had had of him. I never knew feelings like this.

My nipples are hard as erasers and he takes one into his mouth, rubbing the nub with his tongue and teeth. His fingers continue to pulse in a steady and deep rhythm, drawing me up into a level of explicit ecstasy. I want to cum so bad it hurts, but I'm afraid to let go. But I need to let go. Oh god, I want to cum.

I suck in my breath, convinced I had died and gone to another level of pleasure. His fingers stretch me, his thumb keeping time with his hand, rubbing my clit, penetrating my hole. I feel it. I feel it. I feel it.

So does he.

"Cum for me, Mami." He says into my ear, before kissing my neck again. "Cum around me. I want to feel your cum..."

I burst.

He gently withdraws and I feel empty. I lean back against the pillows, my breath ragged, my pussy pulsing. I have never cum so hard. I didn't know it was possible. He trails his fingers, slick with my juice up my body and touches them to my lips. I kiss them, sucking them gently into my mouth. I feel his cock twitch and I see it has become whole again. He smiles.

Moving gently, he positions himself inside my legs, propping my knees to the side. He places a hand on each side of my head, and looks into my eyes. I prepare myself for his entry. I hold onto his back, feeling the head of his dick press against my swollen lips. He slides in and I fell the air rush out if my body and I grip his back, feeling like I was being ripped apart.

I breathe.

"I got you." He says, "I won't hurt you. Look at me," he commands. I open my eyes, the tears welling, and he smiles. "It will be good." He leans in and kisses me. "I promise." He says, as he slides another few inches into me. I cry out against his lips, his mouth, his body. He was filling me completely.

Gently he begins to rock against me, his hips moving with mine, diving deeper and deeper with each stroke. He gently works into me fully, and I fall into pace with him. Each stroke is deep and slow, carrying me on a wave of contentment. His strong body lifts me partially off the bed, pulling me closer, not getting enough.

"Oh god," I say over and over. I call his name, letting it fall from my lips in delighted moans. He loves hearing his name called as he penetrates me, violates me, takes me higher. He bites his lip, concentrating on the motion, concentrating on me.

"Oh, Mami." He says to me, increasing his pace and building up the flow.

"Yes, oh yes," I whisper back, arching into him, scratching his back lightly with my nails, gripping his body. I will cum with him.

I hold my breath.

The feeling rises, and he speeds up his rapidity of sinking and withdrawing, the friction building, the heat becoming almost unbearably. Almost.

He gathers me to him, never fully leaving my body and he braces himself against me. His face becomes pained and I see the veins on his neck stand out with strain. I feel him slow, a sure sign of what is to come, and I take a deep breath and let myself go. At the same moment he releases his center, I pulse around him, milking him, taking him in deeper. My orgasm is strong and I tighten around his thick rod. He jerks slightly as I tremble in his arms.

Relaxing, he lets me go, leaning me back on the bed. He follows and puts his head close to mine. He kisses my face, my eyes, my lips. I smile liquidly and sigh contentedly.

I breathe.

From the warmth of my bed, I pull my hand from my panties, now slick with my juices and smile. I open my eyes and take a deep breath. Release of tension, release of pain, release of mind. I close the door in my mind that houses my sexual desires and sit up. I take a shower, I slide into my pajamas, and slip into bed. I breathe.