 I could barely catch my breath as I felt his fingers press even harder into the flesh on my hips. I was in disbelief that I was buck naked and bent over the couch in his living room. He positioned himself behind me and I braced myself for the inevitable stretch. The pressure as he pressed his dick into my pussy only multiplied my anxiety. I knew he was well endowed but this immensely exceeded my expectations. 

"Breathe." I heard him command firmly from behind. I didn't even notice that I hadn't been breathing. As soon as I inhaled, he pushed himself into me. A simple breath evolved into a gasp as I tried to pull away. His hand was already on my shoulder, as though he anticipated my action. I couldn't move an inch. Eventually, his strong fingers stroked their way up my back and to my neck as he slid his dick into me. Just as I began to whimper, I felt his fingers at my neck, massaging me from my nape to my shoulders as he slowly stroked my pussy. He was too big. I couldn't take it. I whimpered again, from pain or pleasure I didn't know. But it didn't matter. He ignored me. It was slow. Agonizingly slow. He continued to massage my neck and soothing sensation completely relaxed me.

I let him take me, feeling what he wanted me to feel. I could hear his breathing, steady and even behind me, a testament to his focus. The smell of our sex began to fill the room as my wetness seeped onto my thighs despite the pain. His hand moved from the back of my neck to the front of it, squeezing gently. My hands flew to my neck, but he didn't let go. I was terrified as he stripped away every bit of control I had over my own body. He was thrusting harder now, deeper. 

"Touch your clit." His voice was still perfectly even. " Rub it and tell me everything you feel." I froze. I couldn't. I couldn't touch myself in front of him. I wouldn't touch myself in front of him. Nor was I going to stroke his ego, or humiliate myself by trying to explain to him what he was doing to me. My head snapped back suddenly and I felt a dull pain in my scalp. "Tell me." He commanded again. His hand still gripping my hair, I licked a finger unnecessarily and brought it down to my clit. I exhaled from the pleasure and let my eyes close. There was too much stimulation coming from too many places. Him fucking me, me pressing my finger against my clit, and him pulling my hair...all of it almost started to hurt. I felt him tug a little harder on my hair and began to speak. 

"I-It feels like I-I never felt anything like this before. You're so big, too big." He slowed a little inside me as I spoke. "I've never been stretched like this, and I hate not being able to move." He was pressed so tightly against me, I couldn't even throw it back and he drove into me. All I could do was take it. 

"Why?" He asked speeding up again. 

"Why what?" I moved my hand away from my clit but he jerked my arm back down to my pussy. 

"Stupid question." He fucked me harder, wrapping his hand back around my throat. I felt like I was thinking a million things a second and not thinking anything at all as he began to pound harder into me. I knew if I answered his question he might slow his pace, but for some reason my mind couldn't grasp what he wanted me to say. He squeezed my throat tighter and my eyes flew open as it clicked. 

"I don't have control!" All of a sudden every inch of me felt prickly. I could feel every drop of sweat on my skin. I had stopped talking and he was pushing deeper and faster into me. "I-I-I don't like being dominated. I can't even breathe when I want to! I, I mean, you're making me feel helpless. You determine everything! I'm not used to it!" I was screaming at him and moaning. Angry at him for making me say these things, angry at myself because it was bringing me as close to an orgasm as I had ever been. I could feel my pussy grip his dick, spasming over and over again. Just one more thing to add to the list of things I had no control over.

"Rub your clit," he said harshly, "And come for me." It was my undoing. I could feel the tightness of the pleasure soar from my pussy to my chest. He pushed my head into the sofa fucking me through my orgasm. I was screaming, shocked and floored by the feeling. I was so much more sensitive than I had ever been. I felt things between my legs that I didn't have words for; this swirling feeling in my pussy and lower abdomen that seemed to pulse and pull at my muscles. Then suddenly, he pulled out of me. I knew he did because he was carrying me, but I could still feel him inside me. I trembled in his arms, and was suddenly embarrassed at my outburst. 

"I have to go." I said softly, hiding my face in his chest.

"Rest first." He lowered me onto his bed and lay down next to me, wrapping his arms around me. I couldn't help it. I fell asleep. 

When I awoke, Jason wasn't next to me. It was dark out, but I had no clue what time it was. Quietly, in case he was in the bathroom, I slid from beneath the covers and felt around on the floor for my clothes. They were right where I had left them. Close to the foot of the bed where he had made me stand as I self consciously and nervously bared myself to him. I pulled on my panties, skirt, and t shirt, deciding my bra was unnecessary since I was just going home anyway. 

"Interesting." My head snapped in the direction of his voice. Fuck. Light flooded the room and I flinched reflexively. He was standing in the door, with that damned smirk teasing his full lips. 

"What's interesting?" I said as coolly as I could manage. 

"All that crawling you did just to get to your clothes...which you really won't be needing anyway." 

"Whatever." I was incapable of coming up with a smart as come back. His comment had shaken me. I was not mentally stable enough yet to sleep with him again. I grabbed my purse and headed towards him, fully determined on leaving. 

"Where you going, love?" His dark eyes drew me in as I searched for an answer. Where was I going? All I wanted was him inside me again. Hell, I could still feel him inside me from what he did to me earlier. His kissed me, his tongue finding its way into my mouth. It was a lazy kiss. His tongue stroking mine, and my tongue stroking his. Nothing urgent or rushed. I moaned into his mouth and he groaned back, wrapping his arms around me. God, he was still naked. I let my fingertips graze the muscles of his back, reaching toward his shoulder blades. His body was perfect. His mouth was perfect. His dick was perfect. I was lost in a fog. 

Somehow, I was naked and on the bed again. He lips, teeth, and tongue were torturing my neck and all I could do was whimper and writhe in response. I felt his fingers between on my thighs, then felt one hand spreading the lips of my pussy. I pulled away, not really knowing why. 

"It's only pleasure, baby." He said gently, jerking me back into place. I was wet, dripping. He slid his finger up and down my slit. I looked up at him, begging him to stop with my eyes. He didn't care. My pussy was still swollen from earlier and one finger felt like two. He pumped his finger roughly for a moment and then added another. Gasping, I grabbed his wrist, my hand barely managing to fit around it. I tried desperately to pull it away as he turned his hand upwards searching for my g-spot. "Let me go, or I'll make you do it." He pressed his fingers against my g spot and I shook on his hand, instantly begin to leak. I wanted to be embarrassed, but was too busy cumming. "Can you cum again?" He asked. I shook my head no as hard as I could. 

"Please. No. I can't take anymore." I was breathless. I had never been touched there. The pressure I felt was scary and familiar all at the same time. When I came, it was like my earlier orgasm, but different. 

"Close your eyes." I didn't want to, but I didn't argue either. I felt him shifting on the bed as he ran his fingers across my bottom lip. I could smell myself on his hand. "Lick your lips." He whispered. I did and the taste surprised me. It wasn't unpleasant and actually tasted exactly how it smelled. I could feel Jason shifting both myself and him as he placed a pillow beneath my hips. I was suddenly nervous. He lifted my legs, keeping them together and held them straight up in the air. My eyes flew open as he entered me. This was not the slow introduction I had to his penis earlier. My pussy felt so tight and he felt even thicker than before. He thrust hard and deep into me never taking his eyes off mine. I opened my mouth to speak, but words escaped me. I clutched the covers as tears began to sting the backs of my eyes. It hurt so badly, but felt so delicious at the same time. "Tell me when you're going to cum." He said. 

"I'm going to cum!" I said almost before he could finish his sentence. I could only imagine the grimace on my face as I arched my back at an almost impossible angle. I swallowed, gasping for air as he spread my legs. All I could see was the top of his head as I felt his mouth on my clit. "Oh my God!" He sucked it into his mouth, held it ever so gently between his teeth and flicked it with his tongue. "You are so fuckin' nasty!" I could hear and feel him laugh at my surprise as he shoved his tongue into me. He tongue fucked me as he reached up to place my hand on my clit. I rubbed it as he licked my pussy from bottom to top, occasionally stopping to lick my clit between my fingers. It was too much. He was eating my pussy after he had just fucked me. And now we were both teasing my pussy bringing me to an orgasm. I fought it. Fought the urge to cum, to scream his name, to call on the Lord and thank Him for a man who barely knew me but seemed to know my body better than me. He was up on his knees again, holding my legs together as he stroked my pussy. I felt feverish and I wanted to cry. I was so close...

"Call me Daddy." He rasped, looking down at me. I opened my mouth to say it, but then bit my lip in defiance. He spread my legs, holding them apart now as he continued to fuck me. "Say it." His voice was low as he watched his dick slide in and out of my wetness. "Now." I chose to remain silent as he continued to fuck me, pounding me. Then he slowed, his strokes becoming shallower. I looked up at him desperately. I had been on the verge of an orgasm and as quickly as he could have given it to me, he had decided to take it away. I looked down to see his dick glistening with my juices as he barely dipped the head in. 

"Please." I whispered hoarsely. And just like that, he was at it again, fucking me senseless. 

"Say it." He commanded. God, it felt so good. He was crashing into my pussy, treating me in a way that I had never been treated, or even considered being treated. "Now." My eyes met his just before I tilted my head back and said it. 

"Daddy." It was soft. I wanted to simply say it, but moaned it desperately instead. 

"I can't hear you, baby."

"Daddy." I moaned again. "Please. Don't stop again. I was so close."

"You were?" he feigned ignorance. 

"Yes." I whimpered as he continued to fuck me. 

"Yes ,what?" I hated him.

"Yes, Daddy." He laughed at the way I whined his new name. He pulled out and turned me onto my stomach. "Lift that ass up baby." I obeyed quickly, missing the sensation of him inside of me. 

"Perfect." He breathed, sliding his hands over the globes of my ass. My eyes rolled into the back of my head as I felt him again, sliding against my walls. The strokes were slow and deep. "You know I'm cummin' in this pussy?" I froze. 

"No. Please. Please don't. I'm not on the pill." I became frantic, squirming beneath him. 

"Why not?" He leaned forward, I could feel him pressing against me. He grabbed my arms from beneath me, stretching them forward until they were straight out in front of me. 

"Please...." I was breathless as he continued his smooth consistent stroke inside me. 

"Why not? It belongs to me. Every inch of you belongs to me." I was shivering now, from the pleasure, from the fear, from the sensation of his breath against my neck. My mind was racing with the consequence of him spilling his seed inside of me and crackling with the shocks of pleasure he gave me. 

"Please, don't!" I begged. 

"It's two ways you can catch this nut, sweet heart. You can swallow it, or I can cum in this tight pussy. Your pick." I couldn't make a decision. The one time I tried to swallow a man's semen I had literally vomited. I knew that reaction would only garner me some type of punishment. And I certainly didn't want it in me. He was stroking faster and deeper. I whimpered unable to come to a decision. "Too late." He pressed his hips as tightly against the fleshiness of my ass as far as he could. I could feel the tip of his penis pressing against something causing a dull pain. 

"Please!" I cried out one last time. But he was right. It was too late. He came inside me, swearing. 

"God damn, girl!" He kissed the back of my neck and pulled out. Almost immediately I felt his cum leaking out of me and sliding down my thigh. I cringed at the feeling, face contorted in disgust. 

"I hate you!" I yelled once he moved from on top of me. I scurried to his bathroom, legs spread as far apart as possible. I turned on his shower and burst into tears. The water couldn't get hot enough fast enough. What the hell had I gotten myself into? Why was I submitting to any of this? I could say no. No, I couldn't. For some reason I felt compelled to subject myself to his whims. But him cumming inside of me shook me to my core. Did he have no regard for what I wanted? Should I even be acquiescing to such a person? The pressure behind my eyes became achingly painful as stood beneath the stream of water. My once straight hair began to convert to its natural kinky curly texture as I sniffled. 

"You forgot to ask for towels." He pulled the shower curtain back and handed me a wash cloth. 

"Thank you..." I mumbled, refusing to look at him. 

"You look beautiful." He reached a hand out to touch my waist, but I moved away. He smirked and walked out of the bathroom.

I trembled from the exchange, unsure why. I had to leave. Quickly, I poured much more body wash than I needed onto the towel. I scrubbed myself much harder than necessary wanting to get every trace of him off of me. I wanted to shove my fingers in my vagina to see if I could actually scoop some of his cum out but I was so tense that my pussy clenched so tightly I couldn't get a finger in. I was livid all of a sudden. I dried off roughly with the big fluffy towel he had left for me. I stormed back into his bed room searching for my clothes. He lay there on the bed watching me calmly.

"Are you really doing this again?" He asked, a smug amused look on his face. I didn't answer. Where the hell were my clothes? "Where do you think you're going?" 

"To get the morning after pill, you asshole." I responded hotly.

"Now why would you want to do that?" He had gotten up out of the bed, and all six feet and 210 pounds of him was headed toward me. I hated myself as I felt my pussy thump at the sight. Did he ever wear clothes? I tried to focus on his question.

"I don't want to get pregnant. Especially not by you." I glared at him, refusing to back down. 

"And what's wrong with me?" He smirked, making an attempt to grab my hand.

"Every fucking thing." I whipped my body around before he could touch me. I spotted my clothes folded neatly on top of his dresser. Hastily, I grabbed them and my hand bag and dressed as I stomped down the stairs and out of his life.