 Looking past the shoulder of Mr. Simmons as he droned on about his company's requirements for expansion, I couldn't help but notice the fluffy clouds that drifted by his 19th story window. The early May sky was such a bright blue that it almost hurt my eyes to look at it. As my meeting with Simmons drew to a close, I decided to take the rest of the afternoon off to enjoy the gorgeous spring day.

Brimming with excitement at the possibilities that lay ahead, I waited for the elevator in the lobby of 19. The elevator arrived, the doors opened, and I stepped into the car. My breath caught in my throat as I saw a beautiful, raven-haired woman standing before me wearing a deep green, silk dress. She stood in a pool of warm light cast by the overhead cannister. Our eyes met ever so briefly before she looked away at the control panel.

As the elevator began its descent, I took in her shapely form, noticing the way her womanly curves were hugged by the finely tailored material. The scooped neck and sleeveless cut revealed creamy skin that looked smoother than her silk dress, which fastened from the neckline to the hem with buttons covered in the same material. ‘Expensive,’ I thought.

Expressive, sea green eyes augmented a stunning face that was framed by shoulder length black waves. Her downcast eyes seemed lost in thought, but I felt that she was aware of my presence in the confined space. 

I unconsciously sighed, "Breathtaking."

She raised her eyes to meet mine and stared at me wide-eyed. "Excuse me?" she asked.

"Please forgive me, miss," I replied. "My thoughts betrayed me. I didn't mean to say that out loud."

"What was it you said?" she asked again.

"I said, 'breathtaking.' I was lost in my thoughts when the elevator doors opened, and wasn't prepared for the sight of such a breathtaking woman as you."

Her look softened. She smiled and said, "Well thank you, kind sir."

Just then the elevator car stopped on the 15th floor. An elderly gentleman stepped in and pressed 14. He turned his back to the lady and I, and gazed intently at the lit numbers above the panel. To my delight, the woman in green smiled tentatively at me. I smiled back, relieved that I had not offended her, and then noticed the electricity that seemed to crackle between us as we gazed at each other.

The elderly gentlemen shuffled out of the car on 14 and the doors glided shut again, leaving the two of us alone. The elevator resumed its descent to the ground floor. A look of mirth curved the corners of her luscious mouth as she tapped one finger against her cheek.

"Hmm," she began. "I've always wanted to try this." She stepped toward the elevator buttons and, to my surprise, pulled the red emergency stop button. The elevator car lurched to a halt and an annoying ringing commenced. A look of alarm crossed her face. "Oh dear," she said, "Will that bring the fire department crashing through the roof?"

"Not if I can help it, m'lady."

Just then, a voice came over the intercom, "This is Security at the front desk. Is everything alright in there?"

I glanced at the woman in green who was looking at me expectantly, hoping I could resolve the situation. She nodded encouragement and glanced at the little speaker that emitted the guard's voice. I stepped toward the speaker, pressed the tak button and said, "Everything is fine. This is Mr. Jacobs. Is this Jesse?"

"Yes sir, it is," the speaker emitted.

"Well Jesse, I can assure you that there is no life-threatening emergency here." I smiled at the lady in green, and was encouraged by her return smile as I added, "An associate and I just felt an urgent need for a very private discussion. Please turn off the alarm and take this car out of service for now. I'll let you know when we're finished with our meeting." I watched the woman in green as I spoke. She didn't seem to object to my directions to the guard.

Many stories below, Jesse was looking at the small monitor, which projected the view from a tiny video camera mounted in the corner of our elevator car. He immediately assessed the nature of the private meeting I had in mind. "I understand, sir,” he said, sounding very official. “ Please feel free to take as long as you like. There are five other cars in service. Just press the intercom button when you are finished."

"Roger Wilco, over and out," I said, then turned to fully face the sexy woman before me. The alarm bell stopped ringing suddenly, leaving only the sound of our breathing in the silence that followed.

At first, her eyes were wide with puzzlement. In response to her puzzled expression, I explained, “I work for the building. I’m in charge of customer relationship management.” Then her face broke into a relieved grin, revealing flawless white teeth. I couldn’t suppress a grin of my own as I imagined those perfect teeth nibbling on my cock. 

I slowly advanced toward her, while she floated backward to the wall of the car. I guessed that she didn’t want to appear to be too easy, but her eyes betrayed her. They began to soften and glow with desire. Her breath seemed to be a little shorter as she softly said, "You certainly handled this semi-emergency situation very well so far, Mr. Jacobs."

"Thank you, miss . . ."

"Solomon," she said, extending her left hand. "You can call me Jill."

I closed the space between us and inhaled her light perfume. Raising my right hand with palm upturned, I brought my fingertips to rest against the underside of her outstretched hand. I felt the soft warm flesh of her palm and applied the slighted amount of upward pressure, bringing her fingers toward my face. I brushed my lips ever so softly against her knuckles and breathed, "Call me Adam."

I lightly kissed her fingers as my right hand held her left one near my lips. With our eyes locked on each other, my free left hand strayed to her breasts. Barely touching the soft silk, I brushed her healthy mounds through the confining material with the back of my hand. 

She jumped at my touch, then seemed to melt against the wall. I loomed above her, kissing each finger while softly stroking her hardening nipple. Her free hand grazed my crotch area. She sighed at the growing bulge in my lightweight trousers. "Mmm," she murmured. Then a look of concern crossed her face and she asked, "Is that security guard watching us right now?"

"No," I lied. 

In reality, Jesse was watching his video monitor intently, idly rubbing himself through his uniform pants and thinking, 'Way to go, Mr. Jacobs!'

"Okay," she said, and returned her hand to my crotch, slowly running it along the length of my growing member.

I pressed the backside of my left hand more firmly against her breasts. They seemed to swell beneath the silk as her breathing deepened. Her hardening nipple could be felt through the thin material. I entwined the fingers of my right hand firmly with her left and raised it above her head. Leaning into her, I admired the underside of her creamy smooth arm, lightly dappled with beauty marks.

With her breath coming in shorter gasps, she reached her face toward mine as I neared her open mouth. Holding her left hand against the wall above her head, I grazed my lips across hers before moving to plant an open mouthed kiss on her smooth but damp underarm.

She gasped at my touch on this sensitive spot. I explored her smooth underarm with my mouth and tongue, gently sucking the sensitive skin into my mouth and punctuating the expression of my desire with little kisses directly on her smooth underarm.

With her hand held fast against the wall above her, she squirmed with pleasure and groaned, "God, that feels good, Adam. Do I taste alright?"

"Heavenly," I murmured between kisses. I slowly began to kiss, lick and nibble my way up the underside of her outstretched arm. She writhed with pleasure. Her body began to sway fluidly beneath the place where I held her hand firmly against the wall.

"I'm sure glad I shaved this morning," she said, then added, "...everywhere." 

Her free right hand, no longer content to feel my hardening cock through my pants, found my zipper and lowered it. Reaching into my pants, she guided my engorged member through my boxers and into her waiting hand. "Mmm," she cooed, "Nice," and began stroking it slowly. My left hand turned and fully enveloped her straining breast. I plied and squeezed the soft tissue in time with her moans of pleasure.

Halfway up her left arm, my nibbles and kisses move to the topside of her exposed arm. I sidled around behind her and squeezed between her body and the elevator wall. 

Once I was directly behind her, I released her left hand and glided my hands down along her hourglass shaped torso. She seemed to melt backward into me. Gathering up the soft silk of her dress, I cupped her curvaceous ass with both hands and felt the outline of her sexy thong underwear. I moved my enlarged cock to nestle it between her warm buns. Tensing my groin muscles, the head engorged with extra blood and swelled between her smooth ass cheeks.

“Ooh, yeah,” she encouraged as she felt the swelling. Her hands moved between her legs and reached back to grip my cock. I moved my hands around her front and slid them along her abdomen. She leaned her ass into me as she pulled the flimsy thong aside, inching my cock head closer to her waiting pussy. She snapped the thong against the underside on my cock holding it firmly against her steaming hot pussy lips. One hand ran fingertips along the underside of my pulsing shaft, while her other strayed to her own clit.

"I want you," she breathed, leaning back and grinding her soft ass against me.

"I can tell," I replied. "I'm all yours, baby."

She sighed and continued ministering to her own pussy while pulling on my cock. She began to slowly gyrate in a circular motion with her ass against my lower abdomen. Moving my hands away from massaging her tits through her dress, I began to nuzzle the side of her neck and slowly unfasten each silk-covered button from her neckline down. She continued to reach between her legs to stroke both of us and murmur approvingly as I worked on disrobing her. 

When I had her dress unbuttoned to her navel, I pushed it off her shoulders. Her hands left her own pussy and my cock long enough to allow it to fall to her waist. Then she sexily slid it over her hips and kicked it into the corner.

Meanwhile, Jesse watched with rapt attention. Alone in the huge marble lobby, he scooted his chair closer to the console, where his raging hard-on could avoid detection from passers by. Looking around and seeing no one, he drew his cock from his pants and began to slowly stroke it while silently cheering me on.

With her green silk dress gone, She lazed her backside against me and stretched like a she-lion. I stayed behind her and began to kiss my way down her back, sliding down the wall as I went, my hands roaming over her tits, then her flat stomach, until I reached the waistband of her panties. Her back was smooth and soft and fragrant. While I lowered myself to a seated position beneath her swelling pussy lips, she unclasped her dark green lacy bra and cast it onto her dress.

Once seated on the floor, I guided her thong panties down her legs. She gracefully stepped out of them. I pressed them to my face, inhaling her glorious woman scent before tossing them onto her pile of clothes. I firmly grasped her by each hip and guided her pussy toward my waiting mouth. I smiled at the sight of her freshly shaved, puffy labia as it neared my face.

"Oh yeah, Jill, I love a totally smooth pussy."

"I can tell," she smiled proudly. "I'm all yours."

She braced herself on the railing that was mounted to the wall of the elevator and eased down a bit to grant me better access to her sopping cunt. Her sweet musky scent filled my nostrils as she backed into my waiting mouth. My hands immediately traveled up the insides of her creamy thighs toward her inflamed pussy. I nuzzled my nose deep into her ass crack and moved it side to side while my tongue probed as deeply into her moist crevice as it could reach.

She gasped in pleasure and began to fondle her own tits as I feasted on her juices. Her head hung down between her shoulders and she slowly swung her dark locks from side to side as she moaned in pleasure. Her right hand gripped the railing to support her weakening legs.

I gripped her firmly by the hips, pulling her pussy and ass harder against my face. She tasted so sweet and fresh. I wanted to drink every drop of pussy juice she could produce. 

Between her creamy thighs, I inserted a finger into her slick folds. It glided in effortlessly as she inched her feet further apart to allow me better access.

"Oh yeah, Adam." She began, sounding as if she were in a trance. "Finger fuck my pussy so good. Mmm. I'm getting so hot for you."

"And so wet," I added between deep licks.

"Mmm, yes, honey. You're licking me so good. You like the way my pussy tastes?"

"Oh yeah, baby. I love it."

"I've got to taste you cock. Now!" And she bent gracefully at the waist until her hands reached my belt buckle. She deftly unfastened my belt and unbuttoned my pants. I lifted my ass off the floor and she ripped my pants and boxers off in one swift motion, adding them to the pile of her own clothes.

"Get your shirt off, mister," she ordered. "I want you totally naked, too!" Then she added, "But don't you dare move your mouth away from my pussy for an instant. Your tongue is making me so hot for your cock."

She gracefully eased down to her hands and knees and began to kiss my swollen cock head as it swayed before her face. "Mmm, you look so good," she said to it. "I am going to suck you so good while your daddy eats my hot little pussy, okay?" My cock jerked in response and she dove onto it, engulfing it with her mouth. She began sucking it with abandon, then stopped suddenly and craned her neck around. 

“Are you sure no one can see us right now?”

I deflected her question with one of my own. “Now what did I say before, young lady?”

“Well can anyone hear us then?”

“Absolutely not,” I replied truthfully, “Not unless we push the intercom button.”

Hundreds of feet below, Jesse increased the pace of his stroking as he watched her begin to bob up and down slowly on my rod. He wished that he could hear the sounds of her slurping on my pole in addition to viewing the action. His hard cock twitched in his hand as our brief conversation ended and he watched Jill dive back onto my cock, nearly engulfing its full length down her deep throat.

After removing my shirt, while successfully maintaining contact with her hot pussy lips, I returned my fingers to sliding in and out of her hot snatch while massaging her swollen clit and lapping her cunt furiously. On each upward thrust, she grunted in pleasure and sucked hungrily on my swollen cock head. She ringed its sensitive rim with her expert tongue. We moved into a steady rhythm of licking and probing. After a short while, she began to squirm. 

"Ooh baby, when you do that, unghh." Her words became unintelligible as she began to twitch violently. "You're gonna make me, unghh! Oh yeah. Ooh." She smothered my cock with her kisses and saliva while crying out how much she loved the way I ate her pussy. She screamed a deep-throated guttural cry and began to buck violently. 

The pleasure she was experiencing was almost tortuous and she strained to pull her cunt away from my mouth, but I gripped her firmly by the tops of her thighs and kept her gushing pussy firmly against my face.

"Aah! Aah! I can't . . . Ooh . . .please!" she screamed.

As wave after wave of her powerful orgasm surged through her, she felt as if she was being tossed about by powerful waves that crashed her mercilessly in the surf. My tongue sought more and more of her cascading juices and I drank them down voraciously while she came all over my face. Finally, the electricity coursing through her tingling nerve endings began to subside and she flopped onto my chest and abdomen, completely spent.

She snuggled up to my throbbing tool and began to murmur, "Ooh, what you DO to me, Adam. That was the best orgasm I've had in years." She stroked my cock idly and reached out her tongue to flick it. "Want me to make you come now? Want to come in my mouth, big boy?"

"As much as I'd love that," I replied, "I'd rather fuck!"

"Oh yeah!" she replied with joy.

"Now get up you hot little slut," I commanded and gripped her firmly by the tops of her thighs. I bounded to my feet in one quick move and lifted her bottom up along with me. "Grab hold of something if you know what's good for you, baby," I advised.

She groped for the railing and grabbed it with both hands. I spread her feet apart until her cunt was at just the right height. Then I guided my cock to the entrance of her steaming snatch and pushed the head past her glistening labia.

"Ooh, yeah, fuck me now," she gasped. "Your cock feels so big. Please be gentle with me."

"I'll be as gentle or as rough as you want, sweetheart," and I inched it in a little further.

"Yeah, I like it. C'mon, fuck me with that big hard cock of yours." She began to sway her hips as I pulled out and then re-inserted my meat a little deeper with each thrust. After a tenuous start, we could both tell that she was still very well-lubricated, and she started pushing her ass back into me. I began stroking into her harder and harder. Slapping of flesh and grunts of pleasure echoed in the small elevator. "Oh God, that feels good," she moaned. 

“So you like this?” I asked.

“Oh God! Yes!”

“Then feel free to scream as loud as you want, you hot little bitch.”

She ground harder back into my plunging shaft and yelled, “Yes! Give me all of that beautiful, hard cock! Yes! Fuck me so deep!”

We got a fantastic rhythm going where her backward thrusts met my forceful plunges. Her pussy made glorious squishing noises while I slammed my hard meat into her dripping gash.

Her grunts turned into deliciously filthy talk as she screamed, "Oh how I love getting fucked by you in this elevator! Is this fucking hot or what?"

"Yeah baby, your pussy is so tight and hot, and it's dripping wet."

"That's because you turn me on so much. You eat pussy so well, and NOW! You're giving me the best fuck of my life! C'mon, that’s right! Ooh yeah, fuck me big boy!"

"You like it hard like this don’t you, you hot little elevator slut?" I continued slamming into her harder and harder as she gripped the railing for dear life and began quaking.

"Oh yeah. Mmm, fuck me hard, baby. I love your hard cock, Adam. It fills me so perfectly. Oh oh . . . Ooh Ooh! I'm . . . ungh . . . ooh! Here we go a . . ." and with that, her pussy erupted onto my cock. I was so close to coming myself, but watching her scream and her sexy, sweating body thrash about kept my attention from the fantastic feeling building deep in my balls. My cock head was licking the sides of her cunt and feeling every fold and crevice within her hot love hole.

Meanwhile, Jesse reached his point of no return watching Mr. Jacobs pound the fuck out of that hot little bitch in the elevator. 'He's my new fucking hero,' Jesse thought as his cock head swelled. A quick glance around the lobby to verify that he was alone, a few faster pumps around the base of the head, and Jesse blasted a load that struck the bottom of his guard's desk before dripping in long strands between his spread legs to the marble floor. As he jerked and spasmed, he muttered, "This is for you, you horny little bitch." He imagined Jill swallowing his load as he returned his attention to the little black and white monitor.

Back in the elevator, Jill's orgasmic ravings lessened and I could tell that her earth shaking orgasm had subsided. She looked at me over her shoulder, brushing wet strands of hair from her face. Her eyes had the look of a feral animal.
