 It had been five years since they first started talking online. In those years, there were plenty of times that they were on cam for one another, and plenty of times where they voiced with one another. Five years of joking, laughing, sharing their inner deepest secrets, and of course flirting. He had grown into adulthood and manhood in that time, though he was still young enough that she wanted to smack him when he reverted to being immature. She saw the potential in him though, knew that there was definitely a caring grown man in there just waiting to emerge. Through the five years, she watched the change take place in him, and noticed how he was growing more into a mature man. Through those five years, she longed more and more each year to be with him, if for only one weekend, she would be happy with that.

Bree was now in her mid thirties, and though some might look down on the fact that she was fifteen years Nick's senior, she didn't really let it bother her too much. One of her motto's had always been, "Age is just a number", as long as the person was legal and both parties were happy, what did it matter? There were of course times where she felt like she was getting old and what on earth would a young guy want with her? But then, she knew a lot of younger guys liked the older women because they were more experienced than the girls their age.

Bree was also married, but was lucky enough that her husband was as open minded as her, and didn't mind if she had other lovers. Not that she had tons of lovers lined up. She actually had no other men in her life in person, and hadn't for a few years. The option was open to her though if she wanted to pursue something with another. Not everyone would quite understand the frame of mind her husband and her shared, but it worked for them, and that's all that mattered.

Now, five years after they first started talking, circumstances happened that finally made it where they could meet up. Nick had been working long enough at his job that he was able to afford taking the weekend off and making the drive from his home in St. Louis to Kansas City. It would be about a four hour drive for him, but he felt it was worth it. Especially since Bree decided she would make the drive from her home to just outside of KC, which was about the same distance as he was driving, on her own. She was quite literally nervous as all hell about driving up that way alone. She knew she'd be ok until she got close to KC. So Nick agreed he would drive a little further and they'd stay somewhere on the outskirts of KC.

Normally, she would have met someone for the first time with her husband, but she wasn't worried. Her husband knew Nick well enough from those five years as well, and he felt ok with it. Besides, they would of course meet in a public place first, and if she got bad vibes, she could call it off. They had agreed that they would be meeting as friends, and if more happened, then so be it. She knew deep in her heart though that she would have no bad vibes and there would definitely be more happening than if it was just friends meeting. She actually couldn't wait to get him alone in their room and just plaster herself to him. 

The drive was uneventful, thankfully. Bree made a couple of pit stops, and listening to her cd's got her through the drive. She pulled into the restaurant parking lot that they had agreed upon and looked around for his car. She spotted it, and apparently he had seen her pull in because he opened the door and got out. He stood at about six feet and three inches, was slender with a bit of muscle to him but not overly built. She noticed he grew his normally short hair out a bit for her (per her request so that she had something to grab), and he let a light beard and mustache grow on him as well (she had mentioned how it made him look a bit older and added to his sexiness).

He was smiling as he walked his way over to where she was parked, and she couldn't help but feel nervous and feel butterflies in her. So many thoughts ran through her head, "Will he really like me in person? Will he find me unattractive in person? Will he change his mind?" Bree took a deep breath and tried to calm her nerves as best she could, then she opened her door and stepped out of the car. She stood there and watched him walk towards her, the smile huge on his face, and she couldn't help but smile herself.

Next thing she knew, he was a couple of feet before her, saying, "Hi Bree" while still smiling at her.

Bree closed the gap between them and her arms automatically went around him to hug him, as she sighed happily and replied, "Hi Nick."

His arms went around her, hugging her back tightly, and he lifted her slightly off the ground which caused her to squeal and laugh. He laughed at that and put her back down on her feet. At only five feet, Bree had to look up into Nick's face. She smiled up at him and he smiled down at her. She saw all she needed to see in his eyes to let her know that she'd be safe with him. She saw the sparkle, love, want and desire there. She saw nothing in his face or eyes that made her worry. No bad vibes at all did she feel. It was simply Nick. Her slave sometimes, sometimes dominate for her, most times just her friend though. And now, he would be a lover to her.

They stayed looking at one another like that for a moment, and then her arms were going up around his neck as she went up on tip toe. His arms wrapped around her waist, pulling her closer to him as he leaned his face down towards hers. The first kiss was lips only, soft, and then a bit more deeply as they made it last for a few more seconds. They pulled away and smiled at one another, and she knew right then that she didn't know how long she could possibly wait to get him alone. But, the best foreplay is when you tease one another for a couple of hours and can't actually do anything too major. It was going to be a wonderful night. She had no doubts of that.

Nick took her hand as he asked, "How was the drive? Have any problems?"

"Drive was fine, if not boring. I was a little nervous a couple of times, but for the most part, I did ok" Bree replied. She asked him, "How about you? Any problems?" then she added, "I feel bad that you had to drive farther than me."

Nick smiled as he said, "Nope, no problems. And don't worry about it. It was worth the drive to see you."

Bree blushed and looked down at the ground, but Nick made her look up at him as he said, "I mean it. I would make the drive again in a heartbeat."

She laughed a little as she said, "Ok, ok. Thank you hon." She went up on tip toe again and kissed him quickly. She was about to pull away, but he held her there and made the kiss last a little longer.

He pulled away and said, "Whew! If we keep that up, we're gonna have to go right to the room!"

Bree laughed and said, "I know, I was thinking the same thing! Shall we go get some dinner first?"

"Yes! I am starving! As much as I want to get you to our room, we should probably eat first" He replied.

She smiled as she took his hand and said, "Ok, let's go eat then."

They sat close to one another all through dinner, his arm around her at times, and her hand on his thigh whenever she wasn't actually eating. Lucky for Bree, she looked about ten years younger than her age, so they didn't get too many odd looks. More than likely, they both would have just laughed about it if they did.

Half way through dinner, she started really inhaling the scent of him, and she got to the point where she wanted to be alone with him so she could just bury her nose into him. It was becoming an overwhelming urge. He smelled so good, he looked absolutely yummy, and she really didn't know how much longer she could go without seriously touching him. She NEEDED to touch him. Not to mention she had already seen what he had hidden in his jeans plenty of times before, and that was one package she couldn't wait to unwrap.

Nick must have been feeling about the same way, as he started to really get touchy feely with her as well. He kept looking at her, smiling at her, but then there came a point where that hunger look crept into his eyes. It was not a hunger look for the food they were eating either.

They finished their dinner quickly and Nick paid the bill. They walked hand in hand out to the parking lot, and then parted to go to their own cars. He knew where the hotel was that they were staying, so she followed him in her car. It was only a few blocks away. Soon they were parked next to each other and he was going in to check in and get the key card to their room.

They carried some of their bags up to the room, and while he went down to get the rest of their stuff (mainly her stuff) she took the opportunity to freshen up in the bathroom and put some lingerie on. She put her jeans and shirt back on over the teddy, thong, and stockings, so that he would be surprised by it when it was revealed.

Bree heard him outside the door, and she let him in. Nick took his turn in the bathroom, and when he came out, she was sitting on the bed waiting for him.

She smiled at him and said, "Come here" as she made the come here motion with her finger.

Nick walked over to the foot of the bed where she was sitting, and as he reached her, Bree went up on her knees. The bed was tall enough that she could wrap her arms around his neck. She pressed her body tightly to his and tilted her face up for a kiss. He brought his face down to her, and this time, they let their tongues become involved with the kiss. That one kiss was deep, soft, passionate, and everything a lover's kiss should be. It made her lower region throb, and she knew she was already wet for him.

Bree also knew that she could hold out no longer. She had to see "it". So many times on cam, she had watched him. She knew how yummy his manhood was. She knew how big it could get. The thought of it sometimes worried her, that he would be too big. But she couldn't wait to try and find out. His cock had always made her mouth water. She wanted so badly to wrap her mouth around him. And now, she finally had her chance.

She pulled away a bit from him, enough so that her hands could go to his belt. She undid it slowly, all the while looking up into his eyes. He gave a slight whimper as the belt was undone and her hands went for the button on his jeans.

Bree smiled slightly, but her eyes were all hunger and need as she said to him, "I can't wait any longer. I NEED to see it in person. I NEED to touch it."

Nick gave another whimper at this and replied just above a whisper, "Please. Go right ahead."

She laughed a little at this, and then she was undoing the zipper, opening his pants up, and pulling his boxers down a bit so that she could let his cock out. 

"Oh god!" She said and whimpered a bit herself. There it was, his cock in all its glory hanging down for her and already hard. She reached her hand up and lightly ran it down his shaft, feeling the softness and smoothness of it. Running her hand lightly over the head and back down the shaft to his balls where she cupped them gently in her hand. They were smooth as well.

Bree smiled up at him and said, "You shaved them for me."

He smiled, "Mmhmm."

She couldn't take it any longer. Her mouth was watering, as it always did when she saw him this way. She leaned forward, her tongue coming out slowly as she neared him, and slowly licked around his head, teasingly licking at his head, then down his shaft and to his balls.

"God Bree!" he moaned as his body shivered a bit under her touch.

She smiled as she continued to lick every inch of his manhood, continuing to give teasing flicks of her tongue. When she would get to the base, she would bury her nose a bit in his hair there and inhale, just smelling his scent, and then go back to licking up his shaft.

When she was sure neither one of them could take it any longer, she wrapped her mouth around the head of his cock and slid down his shaft to about the half way point. Nick let out a loud moan and his hand instinctively went to the back of her head, holding her there for a moment before letting her suck back up to the tip of his cock.

It continued that way, with her taking just a little bit more of him each time her mouth slid down his shaft, trying her best to take every inch of him without gagging. Towards the last inch, she was gagging a bit, but she didn't care. She wanted to feel every single inch of him in her mouth, even if it meant her deep throating him and gagging a bit.

His cock was coated with her saliva, it was hard as it could be, and it was pulsing for her. She couldn't get enough of it. Her mouth was making love to his cock, licking and sucking it passionately. She could have kept going on forever this way, but he eventually pulled back a bit.

With a deep, shuddering breath, he stopped her and said, "You're gonna make me cum if you keep that up, and I want to last for you."

Bree pouted a bit then said, "You don't think you can get hard again?"

Nick looked a little puzzled then said, "With you, and how turned on you've got me... I don't think it will be a problem."

"Then," she said, "What's the problem?" She gave a mischievous smile and said, "We've got all night after all, and besides, it will make you last longer next time."

Nick smiled and bent down to kiss her. "I love you, you know this, right?"

"Mmhmm" she said and with that, her mouth and tongue went to work again.

Nicks fingers had entwined themselves in Bree's hair, as his hips pumped more quickly towards her, driving his cock in and out of her mouth. Her hands worked eagerly on him, one stroking his shaft wherever her mouth wasn't at, the other cupping and caressing his smooth balls.

It didn't take much longer before he was moaning out, "God baby, I'm so close! You're gonna make me cum!"

Bree started sucking more eagerly on him, almost as if she were trying to coax the cum out of him. He was worried that she may not want to swallow his cum, but he took this as a sign that it was ok and what she wanted.

Nick tensed up as he cried out, "I'm gonna cum!"

Bree kept her mouth locked on his cock, moaning in excitement, stroking him quickly to help him along. Then she felt his warmth hit her tongue and the back of her throat. Several spurts hit her tongue and she swallowed every drop down, continuing to suck and lick on the head of his cock until she was sure she had gotten every drop out of him.

Nick stayed tensed for a moment until he was spent, then he gave a long sigh as his body shuddered and he almost collapsed down on her. He wrapped his arms around her, and hers went around his waist. They held each other for a moment while he caught his breath, then he lifted up a bit to kiss her deeply.

He stood up then and looked down at her with such hunger and desire.

Bree smiled and asked, "What?"

Nick smiled back, but it was almost a predatory smile. "You're not the only one who's been craving to get their mouth and tongue on something." He leaned down and kissed her deeply again, then withdrew just enough so that they could see each other's faces. "It's my turn now."