 Nick lifted her slightly and helped to push her back on the bed so that her head was resting comfortably on the pillows. Propping himself up above her, he looked down into her eyes and they stayed that way a moment, just looking deeply into each other's eyes. It was the look she had been longing to see a man give her for so long now. So much love, desire, and want there. It brought the butterflies in her stomach back in full force and made her heart speed up.

"Nick..." she half sighed, half whimpered to him.

He just nodded his head briefly then lowered his mouth to hers. Bree opened her mouth to him, letting him push his tongue in, first gently, then more aggressively. She held on to him tightly as she lost herself to his kisses, kissing him back just as deeply. She could feel her body responding to him, and if she hadn't of been that wet before, she was absolutely soaked now.

Nick ran his hand slowly down the side of her body, until he reached her ass, and there his hand stopped to grab hold. Bree lifted her legs and wrapped them around his waist so he could get a better hold on her. He continued with his kissing a moment longer before pulling his head up to look down at her again.

She felt so much in that moment and said the only thing that mattered. "I love you."

Nick gave her a soft smile as he said, "I know baby. And I love you."

With that, he was lowering his face again so that their mouths and tongue could play their dancing game again. Nick began to move his hand back up her body and he began to raise her shirt up. She sat up enough to help him with taking it off. Once it was off, he looked down at the black teddy she was wearing. The black went well with her pale skin, making her skin seem soft and glowing. He loved seeing her cleavage, and how her hard nipples were poking through the silky material.

He gave a surprised sound and gave her a smile. "I like." He said, and then lowered his face back down to her.

As his mouth began to explore hers again, his hand made its way to her breast and cupped it. He squeezed it gently and began to rub his thumb over her hard nipple. Bree moaned into his mouth and raised her chest up as if to encourage his hand to continue. He didn't disappoint, and while continuing to squeeze and rub his thumb over her nipple; his mouth began to move from her mouth to her neck. He kissed her there and then slowly began to nibble. His tongue flicked across her skin lightly before he brought his teeth down for more of a bite than nibble. This caused her to cry out, and sent a shiver through her whole body. Her hand went to his head, and her fingers began to slowly run through his hair, grabbing at it here and there when he would hit the right spot on her neck.

Nick began to slowly kiss his way down her neck to her shoulder. Lower and lower his kisses went. He paused when he came to the top of her teddy, reaching his hand up; he pulled the strap slowly down until the material was no longer covering her breast. He lowered his head again and laid gentle kisses on her breast, teasing her with his mouth before letting his tongue slide out to slowly flick across her nipple. Bree let out a small moan as his tongue made contact with her hard nipple. So soft, his kisses and licks were. He was teasing her until she was whimpering and trying to shove her breast up into his mouth for more. Her body was reacting and begging him, and he finally gave her body what it wanted. Nick sucked her breast into his mouth and flicked his tongue hard against her nipple, which caused her to cry out and grind up into him. He moaned his pleasure at the reaction he caused her, and continued to suck and lick firmly on her nipple. He pulled away from that nipple and slowly kissed over to the other one, and after removing it from its confines, he gave it just as much attention as he'd given the other.

His mouth and tongue then continued its downward decent until he reached her jeans. He sat up a bit and began to slowly undo the button and zipper. Bree lifted up as he slowly pulled her jeans down. When he saw the silk panties he let out a moan.

"Bree, god...you know I love seeing you in sexy panties."

She didn't have time to answer, for he was already lowering his head back down and kissing all over her panties. Still wanting to tease her though, his lips never fully made contact with her clit hidden inside. He began to kiss to the side of her panties and continue to pull her jeans down, kissing down her legs as they were exposed to him. He let out another moan when he saw the black thigh highs she had on underneath, and placed kisses all up and down her stocking clad legs to show his appreciation.

Once her jeans were completely off, he ran one hand slowly up her leg and caressed her inner thigh. He looked up into her face. "You are so incredibly sexy. I've waited for this moment for so long, wanted it so badly and now here it is."

Bree gave a shuddering moan of approval. "I know babe."

He was lowering his head down again then, and the kisses started all over. He made no hesitation, as much as he wanted to tease her, he couldn't help but go right for her bud hidden under her panties. She let out a moan and her crotch rose up to meet his mouth. She was already more than ready for him, and wanting him badly. She could feel his warm breath through her panties, and she couldn't help but begin to slowly grind herself up towards his mouth. Nick still took his time though, and left soft kisses all over her bikini area. She felt his tongue flick across her clit through the panties and she let out a whimper.

"God...Bree... you smell so good! I can smell your juices. I love it!" Nick moaned to her. Then his mouth was sucking in her panties, just like how his mouth had sucked in her breast, and flicked the tongue at the same time. He did this for a moment, sucking up the juices on her panties, and then his fingers were pulling the panties to the side so his mouth could finally get to the prize he so desperately sought.

His mouth took no time in going where it wanted to be. His tongue followed suit, and was quickly diving into her opening, desperately trying to lick her juices up. The panties became a menace to him, getting in his way and keeping him from his treasure. He sat up enough so that he could grab them at either side and he yanked them down and off of her. She let out a startled, but excited moan at this.

Before he could continue though, she stopped him and breathlessly said, "Towels. Go get towels."

Nick looked up at her curiously.

"I'd rather not make a big mess where we're going to be sleeping." She answered his look.

A light dawned on his face, and he let a big smile cross his face. "Ok...just a sec."

He got up and hurried to the bathroom and grabbed all the towels, and came back out with the biggest grin on his face. He helped to lay them under her, and once that was done, he picked up right where he had left off. His tongue darted back inside her, and he continued to tongue fuck her for a moment, but there was something else he'd wanted to do for so long. He slipped his tongue out, quickly ran it up to her clit and around it, teasing it, and in one quick motion his hands were grabbing her legs and lifting her up a bit. She felt his tongue go from her clit all the way down to her anus, and there he kept his tongue, swirling around her tight hole until she was squirming under him. He was moaning as he licked at her, sighing as he tried to penetrate her with his tongue. He licked back up to her slit and gave her clit another quick flick of the tongue before he sat up a bit and looked down at her.

In a breathy voice he said, "Look what you've caused." As he reached his hand down and stroked his extremely hard cock. "You made this happen... you Bree. God, but you make me so horny."

Nick stroked his cock a moment longer, then his face was lowering towards her wetness again. He brought a finger up to her slit and lightly teased at her opening. Running it up and down, making her pump her hips up to him again in anticipation. He slowly slid his finger in then, causing her to moan out. Slowly he pushed his finger in and out of her, letting his finger get well coated with her wetness. He moved his mouth down to her clit and began to lightly lick at, while his finger made the come hither motion inside her. His finger found her spot and soon went to work rubbing back and forth over it, making it grow for him. His tongue became more frantic with its licking, working in time with his finger.

Bree cried out to him, "Oh my god...Nick! It feels so good!" She grabbed at his hair, pulling at it, pushing his head down as she thrust up at him. "If you keep that up, I'm going to make a mess!" She said in a panting voice.

Nick lifted his head up enough to grin at her and in an almost growling voice said, "Good."

That look on his face with the addition of his finger going to work on her spot was her complete undoing. She gave a loud cry as the floodgates were open in her and her fluids soaked his hand and arm.

Nick moaned at this, "Oh my god Bree! That's so fucking hot! I knew, but I didn't know. Just...wow."

He continued to finger her spot while his mouth started to vigorously lap all around her opening and clit. He wanted to drink up all of her, and he wanted to keep paying attention to her clit in hopes that he could cause the same reaction again in her. He clamped his mouth down on her clit, licking and sucking frantically at it, while he pushed a second finger into her and continued to work on her g-spot.

Bree began to buck her hips wildly, grinding her crotch up to his face while she grabbed his hair tightly. Her body let loose again, and another stream of her fluids came rushing out to greet him. It didn't stop him, but only spurred him on more. He kept at her, making her squirt another two times before she began to cry out over and over.

Bree began to moan and cry out to him, "Oh my god! Oh my god! Fuuuuuck! Nick, baby...don't stop!"  Nick put even more effort in, and then he felt her body tense up under him. She almost seemed to stop breathing for a second, and then her whole body was shuddering for him as she cried out loud with her orgasm.

Bree was breathing heavily; she tried to catch her breath and at the same time was attempting to close her legs. Her giggling fit started in, as it always did after such a good orgasm, and she was begging him, "Ok! Ok! Ok! Stop, stop...oh my god!"

Nick grinned up at her and wiped his hand on the towel before coming to lie up next to her. "That was...so...fucking...hot. You are...amazing."

Bree was still trying to catch her breath. She looked over at him and smiled. Reaching her hand up, she caressed his face and leaned in to kiss him. She pulled back and finally managed to whisper, "Thank you baby."

He pulled her close to him and held her. "You're very welcome babes." He moved then so he could look into her face and said, "I'll let you recoup for a bit."

She looked curiously at him.

"We have a problem that needs to be dealt with." He said as he looked down.

Bree followed his gaze and found his hard cock, still surrounded by his pants no less, staring back up at her. She let out a half whimper, half moan as she looked back up into his eyes.

Nick gave that wicked, predatory grin again as he said, "The nights still young, and we've only just started."

He gave a laugh before covering his mouth on hers. Bree could only give a moan in reply before she gave herself over to his kisses, and it wasn't long before her body wanted to give its self over to him again as well.