 They laid there for a while in each other's arms, kissing slowly. They felt no need to rush. They took the time to learn one another's mouths through their kissing; their hands slowly traveled and caressed over each other's bodies, learning every curve of one another.

Bree's hands worked their way under Nick's shirt, running her fingers slowly over his back. His shirt was restricting her caresses though. She grabbed at the bottom edge of the shirt and began to pull it up and off of him. Nick sat up enough to remove the shirt the rest of the way and once it was gone, he returned his lips to hers. Bree's hand went back to their exploring over Nick's backside, then her arms were wrapping tightly around his neck to pull him in more tightly to her.

She let their kiss deepen a moment, and then she pushed him onto his back. Her lips stayed on his a moment longer, and then she was kissing over to his neck. She nibbled lightly before giving more of a bite, and then her mouth was slowly kissing downwards. She paused long enough to give one of his nipples then the other a flick of her tongue and light nibble before she continued to his stomach. Bree teased him; using her mouth, tongue and teeth all around his stomach, thighs and crotch area. She avoided his cock except for the light breaths of air as she would kiss from one side, hovering slightly over it to let him feel the air, and then kissing over to the other side. 

Bree sat up a bit and grabbed hold of the sides of his pants and boxers. Slowly she began to pull them down. Nick lifted up slightly so that she could get them down past his ass. He watched her intently, his gaze never faltering from her face as she did this task. Once she had successfully removed both pants and boxers, she ran her hands up his legs as she lowered her face back down to continue where she had left off. This time, she let his cock feel her tongue as she lightly flicked her tongue against the head. She gave his cock a bit more attention as she slowly licked down the shaft. She saw his cock twitch for her in response, and she smiled up at him. 

Nick reached up and grabbed at her arms, pulling her up to him. He sat up and helped her out of her teddy before having her lay down on her back. He did his own turn of teasing her body with kisses, licks and nibbles until she was squirming in anticipation under him. Nick kissed back up her body and looked down into her eyes.

Softly he said, "I want to be inside you."

Bree nodded and kissed him in approval, then said, "Night stand, the drawer." 

Nick moved over towards the night stand and opened the drawer, taking out a condom from the stash Bree had stuck in there earlier. He moved back to her, condom in hand, and bent to kiss her again. She took it from him, opening it as they continued to kiss, then paused long enough so she could reach down and roll it onto his hard cock. Her arms went around his neck, pulling him gently down to her so that she could kiss him again. As their mouths stayed locked together, he shifted slightly so that his hardness was pressing against her clit. Bree let out a moan as she felt the hardness pressing there.

They broke their kiss and their eyes found one another. They let themselves become lost in each other's eyes, letting time go by, as they felt no need to rush the moment. Nick bent down to give her a quick, soft kiss, and as he did so, his hardness pressed down on Bree's clit which caused her to whimper and sigh for him.

Unable to hold out any longer, Nick pulled his head back so he was looking down into her face and eyes again. "I've wanted and thought about this moment for so long Bree. To be with you, touch you, feel you...to have you completely"

"I know baby, as have I." Bree said as she smiled up at him.

With no more words, he made a slight adjustment below so that the tip of his cock was positioned at her entrance. Ever so slowly he slid into her warmth, both of them letting out a moan as they both felt the pleasure they'd only dreamed of before, as it finally became a reality. 

Feeling his thickness stretch her open was the most wonderful sensation for her, but it was looking up into his face as he slid into her and seeing his reaction that caused her heart to beat faster and harder. Seeing right at that moment as he slid in how his head tilted back slightly, how his eyes closed for a brief moment, and how his mouth parted in that O shape of pleasure was enough to make the butterflies swell up within her and make her cry out. 

Bree wrapped her legs and arms tightly around him attempting to pull Nick as close to her as she could. He gave her what she wanted and pressed his body down on her. His face buried into her neck, his mouth leaving soft kisses and bites there while he slowly pulled out of her and slowly pushed himself back into her as far as her body could accommodate him. 

As much as she wanted to be able to feel every inch of him, her body just would not allow it. Six and a half inches in, and he was hitting the back of her wall. And, unlike other females where it might feel good to them, that was not the case with Bree. Nick picked up on where it turned from pleasure to pain for her, and tried his best not to cross that line. He was feeling plenty of pleasure with what he was able to have in her, with most the pleasure coming from that sensitive spot near the head of his cock than anywhere else. 

They found a rhythm that they kept up. Nick would slowly pull himself out and push back in, while Bree would raise her hips in time to him pushing back in. All the while, their mouths would lock deeply on one another, and then move to kiss neck and shoulders, and then back to the others mouth again for another deep kiss. They stayed this way for awhile, slowly making love to one another. After waiting so long for this, they wanted to make it last. Their passion and need finally became a more animalistic one though. Their kisses became hungrier, unable to get enough of one another, as if their kissing was all that was keeping them alive. 

Pure animalistic desire over took them. Pulling out slightly and rising up a bit, Nick looked down into her eyes and Bree let out a soft whimper. She saw the animal there, saw the hunger, and she was more than ready to give herself over to it. Nick saw what he needed to in her eyes, and with quick reflexes, he pulled his cock completely out, grabbed her and turned her over onto all fours. Nick grabbed Bree's hips and yanked her back until her wet entrance was touching the tip of his cock. She let out a cry and then began to beg him with whimpers for him to fuck her.

With no words or hesitations, Nick dug his fingers into her and slammed his cock home into her. Bree cried out in pleasure, and also in pain, as he really did drive completely home into her. Nick paused for a moment, caressing her back, and then pushed back into her. He adjusted the depth with which he drove into her, but his thrusts continued to be fast and hard. Bree soon showed her appreciation by crying out only in pleasure and by moving her ass back to meet every one of his thrusts.

"Nick...Nick...fuck, baby...feels so good. Fuck me hard Nick!" Bree panted and moaned out to him.

This spurred Nick on even more, making him growl out for her. While increasing his speed, he bent down so his chest was touching her back and wrapped his arm around her stomach. He began to bite on her shoulder and neck, then whispered to her, "Your pussy feels so good baby. It's so tight and wet for my hard cock. You like my hard cock fucking your tight little pussy?"

Bree shivered through her whole body and cried out at his breath on her neck and the words he whispered near her ear. She whispered back to him, "Yes baby, I love it. It feels so good." Then more louder she moaned out to him, "Fuck! Fuck me baby! Fuck me!"

Nick rose back up, his hands going to her ass, his fingers digging in and spreading her cheeks while he drove into her over and over. He moved one of his hands to her lower back and the crack of her ass, and slowly slid his thumb down to her tight little anus. Bree gave no notion of resisting what he was about to do, so Nick began to rub around her anus, giving hints of pushing his thumb in, but not quite yet. Bree began to moan more in encouragement, and with that, Nick brought his hand down to her wet snatch and let his thumb become covered in her juices. He brought his hand back up and slowly began to work his thumb into her. Slowly, pushing just the very tip in, letting her very tight hole grow accustomed to the sensation of it, until she began to push back and moaned for more. Once he was sure she was ready for it, he slowly pushed more of his thumb in, continuing this way until his entire thumb was in her. Nick kept up the pace of fucking her pussy hard and fast with his cock, while he kept his thumb motionless inside her anus.

Bree brought a hand up to her snatch and with her fingers, began to rub her clit hard. Her anus began to relax and grew comfortable with the feeling of Nicks thumb there. She was ready for the next stage and began to move back and forth, making his thumb come out a bit and back in. Nick took the signal from her and began to slowly pull his thumb out and push it back in. Working his thumb in and out ever so slowly until Bree began to push back faster. With that, Nick began to fuck her ass faster with his thumb.

Bree moved in time to meet every thrust of Nicks. She began to rub her fingers faster over her clit. Her moans and cries came louder for him, "Oh god Nick! Yes! Fuck me hard baby! Fuck my pussy and ass! Don't stop baby... so close... I'm so close!"

Nick moaned and growled in response and gave her what she so desperately wanted. Fucking her harder and faster, not letting up until he finally heard her cry out and felt her body tense up. He felt her orgasm around his cock, feeling her walls clench around him and pull him in deeper; her pussy staying locked on him until her orgasm finally finished contracting around him. 

This was enough to send Nick over the edge and brought his own orgasm near. Panting to her he said, "I'm going to cum baby. God, you're going to make me cum so hard!"

Bree moaned to him, "Cum on my ass! Please baby! I want to feel it all over my ass!" 

With that, Nick pulled both his thumb and cock out of her. He yanked the condom off, and began to stroke madly until with a loud moan, his cum erupted from him and all over her ass, back, and even up to her shoulder. Spent and exhausted, he laid his chest down on her back, and they stayed that way for a moment while they tried to regain their breathing. 

After a bit of recuperating, Nick sat up and with a towel began to gently clean his cum from her backside, and then clean himself. Lying down next to her, he took her into his arms and kissed her gently. 

Bree pulled back enough to look into his eyes and smiled at him, "Thank you baby." 

Nick smiled back and replied, "No, thank you babe. That was more pleasurable than I ever could have hoped for."

They talked for a while about different things, taking pleasure in finally being able to talk face to face and being able to hold one another. When their eyes began to get heavy, they snuggled close and fell asleep in each other's arms for some much needed rest. They were going to need it for what was in store for the next day. 

Especially for what Bree had planned for Nick.