 Bree waited in the maintenance room, listening to the footsteps outside. It sounded like there were less people passing by. She checked her watch. It was almost 1pm, lunch was finishing up and the students and teachers were making their way back to class. Bree had a free period and knew no one would be looking for her. She told her friends she was going home for some study. They knew it was a lie, but they also knew it was better to not ask questions. Being friends with Bree Taylor was more important than being sensitive about honesty.

She had worked hard to become the most successful and influential girl in school, and most of that work was done on her knees. Luckily for Bree the people that could help her gain influence were men, and she knew how to get what she wanted from men.

Today she was waiting for the Head Teacher of English, Mr Tom Klein. Bree hadn't been keeping up with all of her homework, but she knew she needed above an 85% to maintain her average and stay on the Honour Roll. Her participation in extra-curricular activities also relied on her sustaining good grades. 

Early in the year Bree had worked out that having Tom on her side would be beneficial. She'd met with him, promised if he helped her out when she needed it then she would be willing to do any 'extra credit' work he could think of. A little flash of thigh and cleavage and Mr Klein got the hint. He had tried to resist, and felt guilty after their first tryst. But a girl like Bree was addictive, and they soon fell into a regular routine. Bree's grades went up, despite her lack of homework, and middle-aged Tom got some 18 year old pussy.

Bree touched up her lip gloss, remembering that Tom liked the way it shone on his cock as she sucked him off. She adjusted her long brown hair so it flowed evenly over her shoulders. There was a pattern of knocks on the door, their secret code, and Bree arranged her firm tits for maximum cleavage before opening the door. Tom rushed inside and shut the door behind him. He breathed a sigh of relief and turned to Bree. 

"You look perfect." He smiled at her, the hungry grin of a wolf.

Before she could speak Tom had his arms around Bree, his tongue inside her mouth, kissing her passionately. His rough hands roamed over her body and up her shirt, squeezing her close to him. She ground her hips into his. Bree could feel his cock growing hard against her belly.

"Fuck, I've missed you.' Tom said, breaking the kiss and going to nibble on her neck. He nuzzled his way down to between her breasts and sucked on her skin. "I've missed these tits, this ass..." He put his hands on her ass and gripped it tightly. Bree put her hand between their bodies and gripped Tom's cock through his pants.

"I've missed this big dick of yours." Bree smiled sweetly, and gave him a squeeze. He groaned into her tits before putting his mouth to hers again. As they kissed Bree undid the zipper on Tom's trousers and felt her way into his underwear. She really did enjoy his cock over others that she'd had; it was a thick 9 inches when she got him hard, which was most of the time they were together. 

Tom broke the kiss and held Bree's head in his hands, pushing her down onto her knees. She pulled down his pants, letting them fall to the floor, to have better access to what lay inside. His cock was hardening before her eyes and she flicked out her tongue to touch its tip. It quivered in the air for her. She moaned in anticipation and looked up wickedly at Tom. He had his eyes closed and began to push his hips forward, inviting her to take his shaft between her lips.

Bree took his cock in her right hand and stroked it gently. Her tongue played with the head for a moment, before slowly opening her mouth wider and pushing it past her lips. She took it as far as she could without gagging, and smacked her lips shut. She felt it hitting the back of her throat and her pussy began to ache. She withdrew the cock, looking down to see her circle of lip gloss three quarters of the way down his shaft. Tom was looking at her now.

"You're a good girl. With practice you might be able to take it all one day." He smiled at her in encouragement. "Now, take it back in and blow me."

Bree did as she was told and let him guide his cock back inside her mouth. He pushed it deep, again hitting the back of her throat. After some slow movements in and out, letting her play with his dick, tasting his precum and covering it with her saliva, Tom began to pump faster. He took her hands and put them on his bare ass, and put his own hands on the back of her head. He thrust his cock back and forth, her lips keeping a tight grip as it moved past them. They both began to moan at the growing intensity. Bree squeezed his ass as he fucked her face, feeling her panties getting damp beneath her. 

Just when she thought he was going to blow his load in her mouth, Tom let go of her head and stepped back, his cock springing free.

"Jesus!" He cried, leaning against a stack of boxes. "That mouth of yours is like a fucking vacuum."

"Why didn't you let me taste your cum?" Bree said, pretending to have hurt feelings. She did her best pouty sad face. "You know I love to taste you."

Tom took a deep breath and tried to control his desire to shoot his cum right there into the air. "What do you need this time, Bree?"

Bree looked offended. "Why do I have to want something? Can't I just want to swallow some cum?"

"You and I both know what your services pay for. You need an A in English, don't you?" Tom said.

Bree smiled sweetly. "It would be really nice if you could work that out for me."

Tom paused. He stroked his chin, thoughtfully, like he was coming up with a plan. It was the same plan he always used, but he played out the game like he and Bree always did.

"To get an A...I think I'm gonna need to see your pussy. Just to see if it's up to such a high grade..." He smiled his wicked grin again.

Bree got up off her knees and walked to an old desk that was against the wall. Before sitting down, she bent over, her ass towards Tom, and slid her panties down slowly. Flinging them on the floor, she took her seat on the desk and spread her legs. Her glorious hairless pussy seemed to shine, even in the gloomy light of the closet. Tom groaned, and his big cock strained with the hardness of desire.

"How does it look?" Bree said, licking her lips. "It's really very wet..." She sucked on her middle finger, before tracing a line down her body and using that finger to rub gently on the outside of her pussy lips. She gasped lightly, her pussy so tender to any touch. Closing her eyes, she began to rub her finger up and down the slit of her pussy, before using two fingers to spread the lips. She moaned and tossed her head back.

Tom gripped his cock in his hand and began to stroke slowly. He watched Bree touch herself and start to writhe into the table top. His hand moved faster over his cock.

"Oh God, Tom, is this pussy good enough? Because it feels really good..." Bree said before pulling her fingers from her cunt and sucking on them, tasting her juices. She moaned again and opened her eyes. Tom was yanking furiously on his dick and staring at her glistening pussy.

"You look like you need to do something with that cock, Mr Klein." Bree smiled and sucked on her fingers teasingly.

Tom stumbled towards the desk and put his hands on Bree's knees, spreading her legs wider. He bent over for a moment and licked up the length of her cunt, relishing her sweet lubricating juices. He stood up and rubbed his cock again, making sure his precum had well-coated the shaft. Seeing Bree was watching him, biting her lip in anticipation, Tom stepped forward and pushed his cock against her tight hole.

"Yes, yes, please, do it..."Bree began to mumble, closing her eyes again.

With one swift push Tom was inside her and he felt her pussy muscles grip him instantly. He let out a low moan and drove his cock as far inside as he could. Bree opened her eyes and wrapped her legs around his waist tightly. Her cunt contracted around him, the spasms driving him crazy and compelling him to start moving.

Tom began to move in and out, withdrawing his cock almost entirely out of her pussy before thrusting it back in. It filled her fully, stretching her tight teenage cunt, coming out glistening with their juices. They both started to breathe heavily as their bodies pushed against each other. Bree put one hand on Tom's hip and one hand over her tits, squeezing her nipples through her shirt. She felt Tom's balls slapping against her ass as he pumped his cock faster into her and moaned at the thought of those testes full of cum for her. 

"Fuck me Tom, fuck me harder!" Bree cried, a little too loudly. Their movements were knocking the desk against the wall, and Tom had a fleeting concern that they were causing too much noise. He put his hand over Bree's mouth, but obeyed her by fucking even harder. 

After several more minutes of Tom banging away, Bree had a concern that they were taking too long. She glanced down to her hand on her breast, looking at the time on her watch. Classes were ending soon and people would be passing in the corridor close by. Bree decided a little encouragement would help Tom along. She tossed her head back and groaned, her legs gripping him and moving his hips in a faster rhythm. Her breathing became laboured as she gripped the desk edge and thrust herself against Tom.

"Ungh, ungh, fuck this feels so good. You're gonna make me cum, Tom, you know you make me cum so hard. I want you to cum too baby, I want your hot cum, please, please!" Bree knew her dirty ranting turned Tom on, as did the thought of her reaching orgasm on his cock. He held on tightly to her hips and rammed his dick into her furiously, grunting with the effort, his own orgasm building. She continued to pant as she decided it was time to cum.

"Oooooooooooh, fuck yes!" Bree tensed her body as she pretended to cum, biting her lip in supposed ecstasy. Her writhing was too much for Tom, who, sensing his impending release, pulled out of Bree. 

"Shit, shit, shit! Your mouth, quick!" Tom begged. Bree obeyed and slid to the floor, on her knees once again. Tom tugged on his cock hurriedly. Looking down at the teenage Bree, her lips open, tongue out, eyes smiling at him, Tom began to cum. His hot cream shot from his cock, hitting Bree's tongue. She caught as much semen on her tongue as she could, but it was coming fast and some hit her cheek and her hair. Bree giggled as the cum stopped spurting. She bubbled the cum on her lips, letting some drip down her chin, falling onto her chest. She smiled up at Tom, her lips shining with his cream.

He was out of breath but managed to mumble a few compliments.

"Geez, Bree. I swear every time we're together you make me cum even harder than the time before." He smiled back at her as she licked his cock clean and swallowed what was left of his cum. After he was sufficiently clean and flaccid he stepped back from her, reached down for his trousers and pulled them up. Bree stood up, licking her lips and straightening her clothes. Her chest was shiny with cum, but after doing her shirt up to its top button it wasn't noticeable. She found her panties across the room and pulled them on. As she was adjusting them the school bell rang outside. Tom hurriedly tidied his own clothes and went for the door.

"Hey, do we have a deal?" Bree called after him.

"Sure, sure. You've got your A." Tom replied, opening the door. "If you can make it again this week, you might just get an A+." He winked, looked both ways out the door, then left.

Bree smiled to herself. Her pussy was only a bit sore from the hard fucking, and if she was honest she had enjoyed herself. Plus, she got what she wanted, a top grade. She could now relax about English class. 

Leaving the maintenance room and walking down the corridor, Bree was happy. She made her way past the other students, humming a tune to herself and thinking how sexy she felt having hot cum on her chest when no one else knew. Coming around the corner, Bree saw her friends walking toward her. She didn't feel like having to explain her presence, as she'd already told them she was going home earlier. Ducking into a classroom, Bree closed the door, and waited for them to pass. She watched peered surreptitiously through the glass in the door.

"Is there a problem Miss Taylor?" A man's voice behind Bree startled her.

"What?!" Bree turned and saw one of the gym teachers, Mr Yates, sitting on the desk. "Oh, hello. There's no problem. You just startled me."

"You look like you're hiding from someone." He laughed softly and raised an eyebrow.

"Well, maybe I was." Bree turned on her most brilliant smile, and looked sheepish. She walked towards Mr Yates, swinging her hips a little. It was almost like flirting was second nature to her. 

He didn't say anything, but kept smiling. As she walked closer he got a curious look on his face. He was looking at her hair.

"I think you've got something here..." He put his hand up to her head. "Just some..." He stopped and looked at the substance now on his fingers. It was sticky to touch. He looked up at Bree. His face went from curious to surprised. Bree realised he had found a shot of fresh Tom Klein semen in her hair. She pretended to look shocked, then ashamed. Although Mr Yates wouldn't know who's cum it was, the freshness assured he knew she had been having sex on school premises, an expellable offence. 

Lucky for Bree, once again the person she needed something from was a man, and she knew how to handle men. Also lucky for Bree, Mr Yates was a hot-blooded 32 year-old man, who, when faced with an obviously horny teenager with a body to die for, was not so stupid as to turn down an opportunity. 

He rubbed his fingers together, looked to Bree and smiled suggestively. Bree smiled sweetly back, reassured that this was another situation she could fix.