 Written for fun, not profit. If you don't like the subject or context go to a book store. They'll be glad to see you.

***********

The little gun buy could have worked out better. Big Arnie had made me the deal on an "under table" or "off the record" handgun at a gun show in Ogden, Utah. I had bought it as protection for my sister-in-law at my brother's request. With my brother being a cop it seemed like a reasonably good idea ... or, maybe not.

With my brother on shift mostly at nights I delivered the weapon to Nickie while my brother was at work. That started our off and on again fuck sessions back to on again. The uniform helps a lot of cops cheat, sometimes with partners or other cops, but pretty much pussy is available if a guy is so inclined. My brother kept it in his pants. Nicki fucked around on him relentlessly.

This was going to be my week. I didn't have a wife at home. Not even a girlfriend. As far as girlfriends, too much collateral damage when my ex-wife would find out. The fucking cunt was a stalker. She'd follow me to where to woman would live and shit would hit the fan. I even had girlfriends leave town to escape the crazy bitch. I don't know how she missed that I was fucking Nickie.

Nickie was maybe a little different than most, but not all cops wives. Some nights she'd have up to three men in and out her door. So, this was a new streak for us. I'd be one of those in and out guys. Occasionally sloppy seconds, but I wasn't eating her pussy anyway. We started on Sunday night when I took the gun to her. So, every night through Thursday. Friday and Saturday my brother was home anyway.

But, Friday morning the Feds showed up flashing badges. Turns out Arnie wasn't a nice guy. The wanted to know where the gun was. We played "what gun?" for a while. Then they showed me the footage on the tablet. They had Arnie sucking my cock on hidden camera and me fucking his wife in the camper the next day. They probably had the ass fucking from me Big Arnie wanted to lower the gun's sale price and were too polite to show it.

Video and facts ... they had to have figured out where the illegal gun went. There was talk of my brother as an ex-cop in jail and me in the cell with him. Damn, Feds can be fussy! I might have been fucked, but wasn't stupid enough to hire a lawyer to find out. I told them it was blind luck that I ended up buying from Arnie and had given the gun to a friend.

The deal from the Feds was cash money for inside information and a ride out of town if things went sideways. Money from an alleged anonymous "crime tip line" could be more than I made at my job. And, the ex-wife wouldn't be able to find me to get her cut. The main question was would I mess up and no one would ever find my body?

No job, no badge. Just a title ... informant. Okay, free guns. I was going to need guns and some cash to get in with crazy's and militants. I got three days downtown getting told what was expected of me. Cheap bastards. I never ate so many cheeseburgers!

I got an alias and an email account. Even a code word that was slightly less than flattering. I quit my shitty job and got a new name. You apparently can't be bad-assed and crazy unless your middle name is Wayne. Jeffery Wayne, just call me Wayne. Is that crazy enough?

Gun show! Nah, I was headed to Idaho in a 15 year old pickup that I just knew I'd have to push part of the way. I had a shotgun loaded with 00 shot in a gun rack in the back window to give me "that look" and automatic weapons under the seat. I would have been good for three or four days in a firefight. My last instructions were to talk with my mouth full, not use words with more than two syllables, and keep the showers down to two a week at the most.

Contact had been made for me with a group featured online and in print. The new militia. Saviors of the Country, some shit like that. They'd be ready if the Chinese attacked, there were too many Mexicans, or if that one political party came after their guns. Two brothers made lifelike targets in a shop and fired cases of ammo at them. That equalled two men, two wives, some neighbors, and some kids firing at will. The younger the child the smaller the caliber of weapon.

I'd been briefed and emails my Feds had faked made me look as nuts as these militia people. The next afternoon me and the 15 year old Ford were bouncing up a dirt that seemed to be headed to no where. I could here the bullets flying when I drove up to the place. What looked like to be a six year girl was firing a .22 caliber rife at some empty milk jugs. When I started out of the truck she drew a bead on me. Her mother called her off.

"Leave him alone, Sweetie. He's one of us."

The girl lowered the rifle. Her mother took it from her. Mom was attractive with a housewife look, about age thirty. Trim figure. Nice tits. She aimed the rifle at the last jug on a post and blasted it off dead center.

"Hi, I'm Brenda."

I told her to call me Wayne.

"Well, Wayne, the boys are off scouting the perimeter. Mostly looking for cameras from the Feds and for bugs."

"Bugs?" I asked.

"Yes, mostly bees. Honey's so damned expensive any more!"

Brenda took her daughter into the house. Three boys under the age of ten looked like little crew cut hoodlums, all wearing camouflage. The eldest had a .380 strapped to his hip. Each gave me a look of non-trust.

I set my tent up under some pines about a hundred feet from the main cabin. Two camper trailers were within sight of the cabin in the trees. I opened a can of spam for sandwiches then settled in for the night. The instructions were to listen, not ask, and wait for them to come to me.

The waiting didn't take long. I heard steps outside my tent flap and the zipper work up. I had my on .380 ready hoping I wasn't about to shoot some damned kid.

"So, how you doing in here?"

It was Brenda. She was in the tent with me.

"All nice and cozy?" She asked.

I had a foam sleep mat and a cold weather sleeping bag. It was almost too comfortable. Then it got weird. Brenda worked up to me and straddled my hips to sit right on my dick. It popped up right into her crease. 

"Oh, my! Hey, I came to tell you that you don't have to sleep out here. You can sleep in a bed in the house."

"I just assumed with four kids you were full up."

"Well, we would be but my husband is up on the roof with night vision goggles and an infrared scope on his rifle. My brother is out in a deer stand a couple hundred yards out. His wife and me spend nights alone and they sleep most of the day. That's why you are here. To look out for things during the day."

We stumbled through the darkness to the cabin. She used a little LED light pen to guide me up a ladder to a loft with a queen size bed. I thought I'd be sleeping alone until she pulled a curtain at the top of the ladder and laid back in the bed. The light went out. I could hear her take off the all black thin gown and rest against the mattress.

"Well, are you coming to bed or are you going to stand there all night?"

This woman had a husband with a rifle on the roof somewhere above us. I didn't want to make a fuss.

We laid together quietly for a few minutes listening to each other breathe.

"I'm sorry. I always sleep on that side. Do you mind?"

I could tell she was naked when she crawled tightly against me to get to the side she wanted. Again, it was quiet for a few minutes.

"You can play with my boobs and my nipples if you'd like. Then I might want you to kiss me."

I felt her move closer. She put her hand on my chest. I found a tit. The nipple was erect. I worked from one to the other while I listened to her breath quicken and her make some little moans. She moved up over me for the kissing. I tried to picture her in the darkness. I remembered her freckled face, reddish hair, and green eyes. She was pretty in a woodsy sort of way. Now there wasn't a t-shirt and jeans.

My hand went to her stomach and I tried to work it down. She stopped when I reached the top of her pubic hair. She kissed me again and rolled away.

"That was nice. Thank you." She whispered.

About ten minutes passed. I had a hardon that hurt. Wifey Brenda was quite the tease.

"Oh, damn. Listen, I'm not going to be able to sleep a wink if you don't fuck me." Brenda gasped.

I took off my shirt and sleep shorts. I had to have her naked skin touch me. Before I could get in position she pushed me on my back and straddled me. Her lips came down on my mouth for a kiss with lots of tongue. Her nipples tickled my chest. She moved her butt downwards until the head of my cock settled into her dampness. A couple of frantic down thrusts and she had me fully engulfed.

I knew how good her pussy felt and could smell her earthy scent. Okay, a couple of days without a shower scent. I wondered how many days it had been since her husband up on the roof had fucked her. The was she moved on my cock it might have been a year. I could see him in my mind up there perched on the peak of the roof, night vision goggles on his face, rifle across his arm, one of those "big ear" dish microphones feeding into a headset.

"Oh, God, Wayne. Fuck me. Shoved that big cock in me deep."

"Brenda! Quiet! He'll hear us."

"No he won't. With that dish microphone and the headset all he can hear sounds like really loud crickets and maybe an occasional squirrel fart. Now fuck me!"

Brenda could really turn it on. I was about to lose my load.

"You're going to make me cum." I warned.

"So, cum already."

"You mean in you?"

"Yes, damn it. In me. We've got four kids and I not sure any of them are his anyway. What's one more going to hurt? We get food stamps. There'd be a little profit in it."

I wanted to cum inside the wanton militia wife. It felt good when my sperm made her insides even more slippery. I could feel my cum squish from her and leak out from around my cock. We spent the most of the night together before I slipped back out to my tent. She didn't seem to mind the mess as she sucked my cock with my two days without a shower and the fact it had been in her twice and shot a load both times.

The next morning the men had me up early so I could stand guard with the women in the case the Feds showed up. I fucked Brenda again in the afternoon and her sister-in-law was giving me a look like I could fuck her too if I wanted.

The next day was the same routine only this time the sister-in-law got me aside. I never heard her name, but everyone called her Rabbit. I assumed it was because she was quiet and had soft brown eyes and her front teeth stuck out a bit.. Turns out she fucks like a rabbit. I'd cum in her and she suck me hard again. I ended up fucking her three times in about an hour and she still wanted more.

After the men woke up and were checking traps and cameras Rabbit got me aside again. One more load of seed seemed to calm her down as she allowed that her husband would probably fuck her later before they started their guard duty.

Two guys came and went from the other camper at the end of the week. Following orders not to tip my hand, meaning shut up and listen, I didn't learn much of what was going on. 

When I was fucking Rabbit the next afternoon after they left she told me they smuggled drugs and that the little camper was a stop over point. I managed the vehicle description and tag number and called it in on the burner phone.

Brenda had the next surprise when she told me she was starting her period and that if I needed to get off I could fuck Rabbit. I was already fucking Rabbit three or four times a day. Then I had her in my tent most of the night. One day and night I nailed her eight times and she would have done eight more if I had been able.

Let me tell you the fun part about Rabbit other than she can't be fucked enough. She's a hairy little bitch that doesn't shave her legs, armpits, or anything for that matter. Her pubic hair extends up to her belly button and down the inside of both thighs. Her mismatched tits are one B-Cup and one not quite an A-Cup. I don't know what it is about seeing her that makes me want to fuck her. But, it works out.

Word got back to the men about the drug bust. Everyone was pissed. Things finally settled down after they decided the cops must have just gotten lucky. A couple of grand went into my bank account from the reward fund.

Brenda's period ended. Rabbit about drove me crazy with me wanting to fuck Brenda and keep up with Rabbit, too. I starting counting the days to Brenda's fertile time. If she wanted to play bareback Russian roulette with her womb I was going to accommodate her. Rabbit was on the pill and pretty much had to be. Brenda just didn't give a fuck if I knocked her up with another baby.

It was the second or third day into Brenda's fertile period when I planted a big load in her while her old man sat in guard position up on the roof.

"Oh, Baby. I think you got me good."

"Do you think?" I asked.

"A Mother knows about these kind of things. I'm pretty sure we just made a baby."

Moms can think that all they want. We fucked a couple of times per night until she missed her period. We didn't stop fucking, but things sure changed. All of a sudden Brenda wanted out of the woods and into a real house somewhere with me as the baby-daddy and husband.

Then things got busy. More people came in. Brenda had a sister that stopped in for a "vacation". She stayed for a week. She fucked me twice. Brenda suspected, but didn't make any accusations. After all, she had a husband.

The other people were weird. I mean even compared to those of us already there. Guns every where. Shots firing off everywhere. Automatic weapons. Everyone in camouflage. Brenda's brother was coming in from patrol when I heard a shot and a scream. The kids were targeting practicing at the time when he screamed.

"Damn it, Brenda. One of you fucking kids shot me again!"

Again?? The shot went through the back side of his arm just above the elbow. A nice through and through shot. Rabbit got him bandaged up while he explained that just the month before he had taken a 22 caliber to the thigh off a ricochet. 

I got the word out to the Feds that something was up. A couple of guys in the mugs shots sent to my phone matched guys there in the woods.

Rabbit and I had kind of become the fetch-its for supplies. The two of us would go into town with us fucking once on the way out and again before going back to the encampment. The girl sure loved cum in her and I loved knowing it was mine.

The raid came a couple of days later. Rabbit and I were off fucking in the woods when the helicopter came over. No shots were fired much to my surprise. Rabbit wanted to keep on fucking. Then it got pretty quiet. Minutes later she got me to cum in her for what she thought would be one last time. Then a load down her throat. Still quiet. I fucked Rabbit again.

Everyone was gone. The keys were still in my truck. There was cash in an envelope above my sun visor with a note listing an address. Rabbit looked at me in awe. The burner phone rang. We had a motel a couple of towns away all paid for in advance for three days. I listened to the call and put the phone away. I looked at Rabbit. See had a look of distrust on her face.

"There won't be anyone looking for you. They'll probably let Brenda go. The kids are going to Children's Services no matter what. Yours and hers."

She nodded like she understood.

"How would you like to be Mrs. Wayne for a while?"

Her expression changed.

"You mean like husband and wife?"

"Sure. If you want?"

The three days in the motel were incredible. Rabbit with access to a bed and a shower was something special. Fucking like rabbits couldn't describe it.

The second day Rabbit told me she had decided to shave her armpits and legs. Out of the shower I could see she had shaved her pussy and everything around it bald. She looked childlike with her shaved cunt and those wobbly A-Cup/B-Cup tits. I knew no one else had fucked her for a few days. I was soon eating her pussy. We did a sixty nine for about an hour with my cum going down her throat and her lubricating her cunt so much my mouth stayed slick and pungent with the taste of her juices.

We went to Walmart for some new clothes. We kept it outdoorsy to go with our cover, but Rabbit wanted a dress so she could be womanly for a bit. When we got back to the motel all of our old stuff went into the dumpster. First Rabbit wanted to fuck, then she wanted to go out. She looked good in the dress. A padded bra offset the differential in her breast size. She wouldn't wear underwear under the dress.

It was early yet, still Rabbit wanted me to take her to a bar. She didn't drink. Just someplace to show off. The after work crowd would show up soon. Rabbit primped in her chair as guys looked her way. She was pretty in an average sort of way and being in a dress just set it off. She got worked up enough that I had to take her back to the motel and fuck her before dinner. Or, maybe it was just me.

Later that night we were coming back to the room and a stranger's suitcase was in the way of our door as he checked into the room next to us. We talked a little bit. He invited us down to the motel lounge for a drink. Rabbit fell all over herself trying to accept. The drink turned into three. Rabbit got real flirty. The stranger kept sizing me up. I felt a little jealous, but hell, she wasn't my wife.

Rabbit whispered to me as we left the elevator.

"I wouldn't mind fucking him."

"Go ahead if you want." I half-whispered back.

This guy had been in this situation before. Maybe Rabbit was all a part of his plan.

"It's eight inches."

The man spoke matter-of-factly.

"What?" I asked.

"I thought your wife was curious. My dick is eight inches."

"Oh, my goodness!" Rabbit giggled. "Same as you, Honey!"

The guy looked a little dejected not expecting me to be his equal. He turned to put the key card in the lock.

"Can I see it?"

Rabbit not only wanted to see it. She wanted to fuck it. Minutes later she was naked across his bed with him pumping his cock into her.

Wife or pretend wife a husband doesn't know what he's got until he sees her fucking some other man. The sounds she makes seem different. The body movements as she fucks back at him, more intense. How she spreads her legs almost up to her shoulders when he hits the right spot. And, the words. Rabbit knew all the words and she was using them.

Rabbit fucked the guy twice before we returned to our room. I had to fuck her and she was wanting it. Finally my own seed was what she wanted. She calmed down and talked about fucking the guy. Rabbit was a cock feign. There was never going to be enough. She was having that effect on me as well. The ex-wife was up for twice in a good week.

The next day a man in a suit came to our room. He handed me an envelope. We had a house in Montana. Not a nice house, but better than the woods. Rabbit stared at her new driver's license and other related ID. Government records now existed to back up her new life as my blushing bride. Blushing wasn't the word for it. Excited would cover it.

Ten minutes later the suitcases were in the car and we were on our way to Montana.

***********

Copyright 2016. No reuse or republishing without the written consent of the author.