 sMy name is Brian, I'm 27 years old. I'm six foot one and in good shape with a nice body. Sadly I'm very anti social, I just don't like people, so I don't meet a lot of girls. I have a decent 3 bedroom house, and a good car. All in all, blah, blah, blah. Until I met Rebecca... 

I work in a large factory, on the night shift. One afternoon at the start of my shift I see this stunningly thick brunette, five foot three, nice D cup with alittle sag, alittle fat roll on the tummy, and a great ass. I'd always liked thick girls, girls that where alitte wider in the hips and shoulders, with a bit of body fat. Alittle body fat I think looks very feminine, muscle tone and definition is more masculine. I poked around alittle bit and found out she was the day shift supervisors daughter Rebecca. Also, sadly found out she had a steady boyfriend, so she was nothing more then eye candy. So I basically ignored her, I wasn't the girlfriend stealing type. I watched her from afar for the next three months, studying her thick body. 

One day Rebecca comes into work a total wreck, and goes straight to her mom the day shift supervisor. Couple of days later I found out her and her boyfriend split up. I'd been fantasizing about this girl for months now there was a small glimmer of hope. Took me a week to find the right time and courage to strike up a conversation with her. Rebecca was smart, respectful, alittle stuck up, could be a total bitch at times, but had a sweet side to her. We hit it off OK, I think she was attracted to me. After about a month I talked her into one little date. 

I was on a mission this date would be perfect. Shower, shaved, lotion, the works. Gave the house and my car an extra good cleaning. Black slacks and a nice polo shirt, reservation to a great Italian place. I drove to her mom's house to pick her up. Yeah she was 27 as well, still lived with her mom, but nobody's perfect. I stopped off to get a red rose for her, but all the red roses looked sickly so I got her a nice yellow rose.

I pulled up in front of the house it was a nice two story brick, had to be worth about a hundred and twenty grand. I got out of the car and started to walk up to the house, when Rebecca came out. My jaw hit the ground and shattered like glass, a dress. God only in my dreams had I seen her in a dress, cut just above the knee. Showed of a good bit of her beautifully tanned flesh, her shoulder length hair bounced merrily with each step. I looked into her big green eyes, and foolishly mumbled something about her looking great. She blushed, and tolded me I looked good. Another minute slid by I was lost in her eyes. Finally she walked up to me and said, "We'd better get going mom's being a real bitch tonight and I don't want her to come out here and start some shit." I put the stem of the rose in the upper part of her ear, so that the blossom was just beside her temple. She blushed as I did that, and I opened the door for her.

We drove to the Italian place it was packed being a Sunday, thankfully I had made reservations, so we where seated quickly. We ate, and chatted for about two hours. Rebecca was buzzed off the wine and a mixed drink she ordered, I didn't drink at all, never did. She was OK with me not drinking just laughed and said, "It's OK you're driving anyway." I was glad some people give me grief over me never drinking even a drop of alcohol. Finally, I talked her into coming back to my place. 

It was just after ten o'clock by the time we pulled up in front of my house. My place wasn't half as nice as her mom's house, but it worked. I gave her the grand tour showing her the garage, kitchen, living room, etc. Finally I showed her my bedroom, I had a desk, entertainment center, a halogen lamp that bathed the room with alot of soft light. The bed was a hunter green queen sized bed with aztec patterned pillows and comforter. Rebecca sat on the bed and I sat in a chair. We talked alittle and watched alittle TV. Rebecca yawned and I knew she'd want me to take her home soon. I quickly excused myself to the attached master bathroom. I got ready for a major make out session, lotion and mouth wash. 

I came out of the bathroom and sat down beside her on the bed. I took her hand and leaned in close and just looked her in her big green eyes. We just stared into each others eyes. Right before she was about to say something I went in and kissed her lightly on the lips. I pulled back slightly and she blushed alittle. Again just as she was about to speak I kissed her again, this time I stopped kissing her and left our noses and hair touching. I waited a few seconds, watching her reaction, her lips trembled slightly. Finally, she closed her eyes and kissed me, her lips parted and her tongue snaked into my mouth. I sucked on her tongue gently, before sliding my own tongue into her mouth. 

Now our hand holding had changed, we interlaced our fingers. My other hand began to rub her lower back. I just kept up my oral assault on her lips. As the minutes slide by I began to kiss alittle harder, sometimes sucking lightly on her bottom lip. Finally, I eased her down onto the bed slowly. 

I continued kissing her. I maneuvered in between her legs, and they parted. I pressed my sheathed cock, against her panty covered mound, just to let her feel me. I grabbed the straps at her shoulders and pulled them down, past her elbows pinning her arms. Her large full bust, bounced out. God how I wanted to look, but I kept kissing her. Her hands found the clasp on my slacks opening it, my waist felt looser. Then she pulled my shirt up and out of my slacks and tried to pull it off of me. 

I rose up to my knees and pulled my shirt over my head. Rebecca's small hands began to caress my abs. I looked down and drank in the beauty of her breasts, nice and big, alittle flabby but that's the way I like them. I lowered myself onto her again, I began sucking one of her nipples and teased the other with my hand. I started to grind my sheathed cock into her soft mound. I switched to her other nipple and scraped my teeth against her nipple, she moaned and arched her back pushing her breast into my mouth. I opened my mouth wide, and devoured as much of her breast as I could. I felt like I was about to cum and decided it was time to have dessert. 

I pulled the straps of her dress down off her arms, grabbing the waist band of her panties I pulled both of them off at the same time. I tossed her dress and white lace thong on the floor, the thong surprised me. I looked down and saw her pussy was perfectly shaved. Her clit was engorged, and her pussy lips where swollen. 

I started at her foot and slowly ran my tongue down to her thigh. I began kissing her inner thigh, then I switched to the other thigh and sucked on it leaving a small suck mark on it. I rubbed my nose into her sweet smelling pussy, trying to burn her scent into my memory. I licked her entire pussy moistening it, then I blew cool air on it, sending chills down her spine. I hooked my left arm around her leg, placing the palm of my hand on her stomach pulling her hood back off her clit. Slowly I licked her clit with broad strokes, she moaned. I pushed my index finger into her, and worked it in and out of her. Rebecca's hips bucked into my mouth and finger. Her breathing started to become rapid I knew she was close and I wanted her to cum hard. I sucked on her clit, then pushed my middle finger into her pussy. 

Rebecca's head shot up and she yelled, "OHHH!" My left hand moved from her stomach to her nipple and I began to pinch them. With my fingers I began to curl them, rubbing her G-spot. Rebecca's body began to thrash around and she screamed, "OHHH GOD FUCK!" Her juice flowed out from around my fingers, as she came. Her thrashing stopped and I pulled my fingers out and sucked her juices off. 

I moved Rebecca to the middle of the bed. I shoved two pillows under her ass, and adjusted her again. I quickly stripped out of my slacks and boxers and slid my raging hard on inside of her. God she was tight and wet. Rebecca moaned as entered her. Using my right hand I steadied her hips. With my other hand I pressed down on her stomach gently, squeezing her G-spot between my hand and thrusting cock. Rebecca's moans grew louder and louder. Her pussy kept spasming around my cock, my balls churned. I couldn't stop it, didn't even want to it felt way too good. My cock began to spew seed deep inside of her. I leaned down and we started to make out. After a few minutes of making out, I grabbed her hips and rolled her over on top of me. 

Rebecca looked down at me and said, "God your still hard?" 

"Yeah time for you to ride that cock." Rebecca started to lean down placing her hands on my chest and moving her hips up and down. 

"Straight up and down Becca, quit messing around." 

Rebecca's eyes widened as she looked in my eyes. She saw I wasn't playing. She leaned back and put her hands on my lower abdomen. The full length of my cock was now balls deep in her. Slowly her body began to move up and down. I put my hand on her lower abdomen, forcing her G-spot against my cock. She squealed with delight and bounced up and down so hard the bed started to shake. After about ten minutes, Rebecca's body shudder and she came so hard she collapsed on me. She did a great job but I hadn't cum yet. I placed my hands on her ass cheeks and pushed her ass down. I started thrusting my hips up into her rapidly. A couple of minutes later my cock exploded again spraying seed deep into her. 

Rebecca was laying on me exhausted and half asleep. I rolled her off of me and pulled her up into doggy style, once again I placed two pillows under her. I reached over under a magazine, I had hidden condoms, lube, and an egg vibrator. Shit, I'd forgotten to wear a condom, I didn't think she had anything but still. I didn't know if she was on the pill or not, but if she wasn't she'd be putting on some weight soon. Well, I'd already had sex with her twice unprotected, once more couldn't hurt. I grabbed the egg vibrator, placing it under her clit on the pillows with the control laying in the arch of her back. I adjusted her and the vibrator once more. 

My cock slid into her into one smooth motion, Rebecca moaned softly. I set the vibrator on the medium setting. Grabbing her hips I went to work thrusting in and out of her willing pussy. I looked down and watched the inner lips of her sex drag on my cock, our thick creamy juices forming gobs on my cock. Rebecca moaned and groaned for the next fifteen of hot pussy pounding action. I set the vibrator on high and started pounding her sweet pussy, with abandonment. Rebecca screamed and grabbed handfuls of the sheets, as I relentlessly fucked her for another five minutes. I drove my cock deep inside of her once more. I threw my head back and bellowed, as my seed made one finally assault on her womb. 

Sitting back on my knees with sweat pouring off of me, I looked up at her though the narrow slits my eyes had become. A sense of pride filled me as I looked upon her with her ass sticking up in the air. Her legs had given out and she had slid down, her legs where wide apart her clit now hovered only an inch off the bed. Our cum dripped out of her pussy obscenely, forming a puddle under her. God I needed a shower, hell we both did. Fuck it I was too tired to care. I threw the soiled pillow on the floor, and put the other one under her head. I rolled her onto her side and snuggled up behind her, nestling my cock in-between her ass cheeks. 

A warm, wet feeling woke me I was laying on my back. I looked down though half closed eyes, and saw Rebecca's pretty pink lips servicing my cock. "Mmmm, yeah suck that cock, beautiful." Her right hand was on my thigh, her left hand was on my lower abdomen. 

Rebecca pulled her mouth off my cock and licked the head. "This is thanks for last night, stud, just remember pull out next time I'm not on the pill." 

"O god I'm sorry Rebecca..." she cut me off. 

"Hush you, I wouldn't change a thing about what happened last night" she resumed her oral ministrations. 

Propping my head up on the pillow I drank in the sight of her. Her hair was dirty, it was tangled and was almost a black color now. She kept going down deeper, gagging alittle, within three minutes her lips kissed my abdomen. I fought the urge to just fuck her face as her head bobbed up and down for three minute agonizing minutes. "Uuggg I'm gonna cummm," she deep throated me as I came in her mouth. I ran my fingers down her cheek, lovingly. 

"Ummm go start us a shower beautiful, I'll join you in a minute." 

"OK" she got up off the bed and headed for the bathroom, her naked flesh bouncing merrily with each step. 

"You ever had sex in the shower?" she stopped at the doorway. She turned her head toward me, her hair fell across her face and all I saw was a smile. She shook her sexy ass from side to side, I took that as a tempory no. She disappeared into the bathroom and I heard the shower start. Slowly I got up and went into the bathroom. The master bathroom had all the basics, but also had carpeted floors and a larger then average tub almost a garden sized tub. The shower curtain was closed, but I could see her shapely silhouette. I pulled a couple of towels out of the closet for us. 

I pulled the shower curtain back, Rebecca turned and splashed me with water. I jumped in with her, quickly pinning her against the wall. I began tickling her sides, she elbowed me in the ribs. I let go of her and grabbed the scrunche, and poured some liquid soap all over it. I soaped up her entire body, then I turned her around and shampooed her hair carefully. I rinsed her up and down, then I put some conditioner in her hair. 

"So you've never had sex in the shower eh?" I asked as felt up her breasts. 

"Never even taken a shower with anyone, but I do enjoy you taking care of me." She said as she wrap her hands behind my neck. 

Leaning down, we began to make out. After a couple of minutes I got down on my knees, and started to suckle and caress her breasts. My right hand found her wet slit and began to rub it up and down. A few minutes later I lowered her down to the floor of the tub. I slapped my hard on against her clit, to my surprise she grabbed it and slid it into her. I started plunging in and out of her with a slow rhythm, while I made out with her. 

A couple of minutes later Rebecca broke the kiss and said, "Cum on my tits and I'll lick it off for you." 

Who could resist an offer like that? The mental image of it was so erotic. I pumped her harder and harder, till my balls began to churn. I pulled out and fisted my cock rapidly, aiming for her left nipple. The first rope of seed hit just below her left nipple and up to her collar bone. The second shot went straight up between her breasts, almost up to her neck. I squeezed out the rest into her naval. She grabbed her breast and cleaned the seed off of it with her tongue forming into a spoon shape. Her fingers scooped up the second shot of seed and she licked the thick substance off. I decided to help her and coated my cock with my seed. I moved up her body and offered her my shaft, she instantly began to lick and suckle it clean. 

And that's how it all started. We tried to keep it low key, but pretty soon everybody knew we where an item. Thankfully her mom thought I was a decent guy and didn't give me any grief. It was a good relationship, she nagged me to do stuff I really needed to do anyway. Sometimes though she'd start nagging me and if I wasn't in the mood, I'd just start kissing her to shut her up. Though half the time the make out sessions ended up with me balls deep inside. I began to really enjoy just kissing her and snuggling up with her as often as I could. 

After a few weeks of being together Rebecca got kind of distant, she wouldn't tell me why. I had no choice and went to ask her mom the question. 

"Sherrie, when is Rebecca's period?" I asked. 

"It should have been a few days ago, What did you do to my daughter?" Ugh she was getting pissed. 

"Well, the first time Rebecca and I where together we didn't use protection, and now Rebecca's becoming distant." She was mad now. 

"YOU impregnated her?!? and just what do you plan to do now?" She was shaking now. I knew what I had to do, I took Sherrie's hand. 

"Sherrie may I have your daughters hand in marriage?" She looked as though I'd slapped her. 

"Please Sherrie?" She looked at me fuming. 

"You'd better not be kidding around, and you damn sure better not hurt my baby!" I brought her hand up and kissed it. 

"Come help me pick out an engagement ring tomorrow, please mom?" She pulled her hand back, and softened alittle. 

"All right, but don't call me mom." We both smiled alittle. 

Sherrie and I picked out a nice engagement ring. She wanted to have it engraved, but I suggested against it, after all I could be wrong about her missing her period. I was 99% sure she was pregnant, so I decided to confront her that night. She was distant and bitchy. 

"What's your problem?" I asked. 

"My problem? What's with your attitude?" She spat back. 

"Your not telling me something." She turned and began to walk to the door. 

"Your not leaving till you tell me." She stopped. 

"Brian, I'm pregnant with your child." 

She began to cry and slowly turned around. When she did I grabbed her hand and she jumped back. I was down on one knee before her, looking up into her teary green eyes. 

"Our child." I corrected her. 

I slid the ring onto her finger, "Cause we are going to get married." 

Rebecca fell to her knees, her sobbing face against my chest, her arms wrapped around me. I put my arms around her, and ran my fingers though her hair. 

"So was that a yes?" 

"Yes! Now carry me to bed." I picked her up and carried her to bed. We made love all night, needless to say I never had to pull out again unless I wanted too. 

Authors Note: I hope to write more chapters of Brian & Rebecca, if the readers feel it's good enough.