 Brian had been frustrated with the girls in high school.

Oh, don't get me wrong. He'd had some good fun. He'd had more than his share of joyously casual flings with hot, nerdy Chem partners on friends' back decks in the spring, and little adventures into the woods with peppy teammates on the way to track practice. He'd certainly savored the joy of making out with an eager beauty at every red traffic light from the prom to the highway, then slowly peeling the sparkling dress off that busty eighteen-year old maiden in a motel parking lot, and escorting the quivering lass, clad in only her thong panties and fancy strappy shoes, all the way to their room. And it wasn't even his date.

But that was the problem. Too many of poor Brian's dates just weren't as horny as him. They must have been ruined by lackadaisical boys, too interested in ramming it in for two minutes and wiping it off on their shirts to show a girl what a really swell time her own bod could provide. Such waste! All Brian wanted was to enjoy the sensations of youth -- one set of sensation in particular -- but he needed more eager partners to properly share in the frolic of fluidic communion.

Now college - he would be sure that would be different.

Many enterprising students select their favored undergraduate institutions based on a wide variety of factors. Are the facilities of a respected quality and size? Are the living arrangements liberal and sufficient? How likely is the average student to be shot purchasing beer in the evening? Brian, however, had a more constricted (if no less enthusiastic) standard in mind.

How bad was the reputation for parties? In this inquiry, worse most certainly meant better.

His choice was soon made, and preparations began for his new life of four years, or thereabouts. He very nearly shivered all the hot summer long; never had a boy so ached for autumn. 

That hallowed day soon arrived, orientation weekend. Brian was trembling as he pulled his car into the student lot. He threw his clothes into his dorm room, and asked his new roommate, Tony, about the night's inevitable parties. Tony seemed knowledgeable about what was going down; Brian got the impression that Tony had lived nearby prior to enrollment, but truth be told Brian actually wasn't really listening to any of their conversation beyond the time and location of the party, including the parts were he was saying things himself. 

No, his mind was elsewhere - he'd already seen some scorchingly hot girls kissing their moms and dads goodbye, standing there on the lawn in their sweatpants and flip-flops, or jean skirts and t-shirts, hands and shoulders burdened with laundry bags no doubt packed to bursting with satin scanties and plum panties and cozy bedthings. If this school was anything like he'd heard, those youth leadership representatives and athletes of the week would be aching to get laid as soon as the folks had driven away. In mere hours their sweet bodies would be completely naked and enjoying their first of countless long nights of decadent recreation!

The evening couldn't come soon enough.

He made certain he'd dressed his absolute best, as he strode into the off-campus building housing the bash, literally a big, old house. He even wore his best silk boxers, which felt so good against his body he almost had an erection already, but he knew they'd feel much better sliding down his legs and to his toes. College was to be a total bacchanal, nearly half a decade of sensual relief after the rigors of high school, and an extended kiss blown toward young vigor and health, just prior to entering the adult world. That was the only valid purpose of higher education to Brian, and he couldn't wait to begin. 

The very first sounds he heard as he entered the building, before even any voices rose above the level of indiscriminate noise, were the juicy smacks of wet kisses under loud music. Right by the door a tasty young couple were enjoying a prolonged interaction, the busty blonde female half of the equation clad in only a tiny skirt and a spaghetti-strap belly shirt. Her big boobies were being squeezed by her honey as they kissed, right in front of everyone. And spread out all before him, mouths were stuffed with moist tongues, squishy thighs and asses were being caressed and massaged, and girlish squeals were rising with the thick, spicy marijuana smoke to the ceiling. Pot and beer was everywhere. The music was booming and frisky - a gaggle of five tall, leggy soccer-looking girls were kicking their bare feet and legs out. All that was snuggling their butts and pussies were cotton and lace panties, pearl and ruby and lime. They sloppily smooched, and honked each other's nipples through their shirts often. 

This. This would be a good party. 

Brian just needed to find an unoccupied young woman that struck his fancy, and two seconds' inquiry revealed one right over on the couch. 

The lass was a ravishing freshman swimmer, just arrived from a religious high school, as he'd eventually learn. She had short, choppy black hair, and freckles all over her round cheeks. She was quite a doll, about five foot five in her brown wooly socks. Just a little curvy, with supple breasts and a jiggly butt under her sweater and baggy jeans. It was those socks, though, that Brian had initially spotted, and then her green eyes as she checked him out from the sofa, her feet kicked up onto a table, her fifth or sixth cup of beer in one hand and a fat blunt in the other. Brian sat right down next to her, and she smirked rosily as he gave greetings. She blew smoke right in his face, and he breathed it right in. 

They flirted gently for a few minutes. Brian complimented her on her socks, and she raised her feet over from the table to her lap to give him a better look as she reclined off to the side. Very soon, he was rubbing those little feet through those thick socks. She cooed as she took monster hits, and she rested her massaged toes on his pants and belly as he continued to rub. Soon, the beer and the blunt were put down on the table behind her head. 

They'd hardly said a hundred words to one another before she pulled her feet back and her body forward into an Indian-style seated position atop the sofa. Brian nonetheless followed her feet, caressing them in their tucked away state, then caressing her upward to her thigh, then her tender ribs, then her cheek. That girl leaned right in, tongue out first, and Brian gobbled it right down. He let her explore his mouth for a few seconds, and then indulged in rapturous sucking. He must have gotten a little stoned just from all her flavor! He soon probed his own tongue in, and she responded with the same tasteful pressure.

A long make-out session ensued, twenty rapturous minutes of savoring her delicious smoky beer mouth, sucking gently on her full lips, assessing her curves thoroughly with his hands, feeling her own little palms all over his body's most private spots, breathing in her intoxicating perfume, and enjoying her excited laughs as he shamelessly kneaded her breasts.

"Mmmmm... what are we doing?" she tittered naughtily.

"I think we're having foreplay," replied Brian.

"And what the fuck is that?"

"That's what we do when we're gonna fuck. Like, we undress and stuff."

"Oh?"

She sprang up and smooched his cheek several times, brushing her tongue all over him from between her plush lips. Her busy hands were everywhere, tearing at his shirt, finally whipping it over his head with a powerful thrust. Brian managed to catch it as it fell.

"Yeah, that's..."

He could only begin his sentence, as the girl was immediately at his navel, licking ferociously upward. He'd gotten so hot under his shirt that her tongue suddenly seemed cool and rough against him, almost refreshing, but like lager on a summer's afternoon, it only made him hotter. She pressed her face deep into his abs and belly, tugging at bits of skin with her lips. She sucked his nipples as he caressed the back of her head, or at least tried, given her speed. Soon he was moaning on that couch, at that party, so many people all around, this girl licking him in long strokes from his belt to his neck, kissing his chin at the tail of every journey.

"Is this foreplay, huh?" she huffed after five minutes of stimulation.

"Yeah," Brian breathily replied, "And this comes next."

He unbuckled his pants as she began to giggle.

"Aw c'mon, not in front of everyone."

Brian was too excited to listen, and she giggled harder and harder as he undid his shoes and slipped off his socks.

"Hey..." she called, "Hey hey hey..."

But Brian couldn't even see anything around him, save for the myriad other couples fooling around on tables, beanbags, ovens, the rug, some in only their underpants, several fully nude and beautifully aroused. 

The rug was thick with panties and briefs and boxers. 

A tight, tiny blonde stood in only her sneakers, her knobby boobies pert and shaking as a kneeling stud nibbled on her thatch of pubic hair. A beautiful black couple stood off to the side, watching and masturbating ferociously. 

A similarly naked pair of foreign girls, one Tanzanian and one Latvian, yelped joyfully in their native languages - perhaps they were praising America. They were slightly bent over and being tantalized by rippled suburban males, the boys' hard cocks pressed against their sides, a separate, enterprising young fellow probing his tongue up and down their assholes as they stood. 

This was the college he needed, the college he'd dreamed of, and like a real college man he dropped his pants right to his ankles, those silk boxers on full display.

"OH MY GOD!!" Brian's new friend roared, "You are SO BAD!"

Brain took one leg out of his pants.

"C'mon. Bedroom," she chanted, leaping to her feet, "Bedroom bedroom bedroom." 

He didn't know how he managed to carry all his clothes on their romp up to an unused room, but he somehow entered the chamber before her.

She turned and closed the door, unable to find a lock.

"Jesus fuck you're... horny..."

She trailed off, as she turned around to face him. Right then, he was standing at his proud, almost arrogant nudity, as his boxers landed in the corner of the room from his mighty toss. Brian was quite well-endowed, at eight and one half good inches, which felt like great inches just then. The look on her face told him that she'd never been alone with such a big cock before.

"You like it?" he asked.

"Oh wow... my last few boyfriends... they didn't... WOW..."

"You want to take it slow?"

She tittered and giggled, almost jumping onto her tippy-toes for a second, like a cheerleader priming herself for a vigorous routine.

"No! I mean, no way! Slow's for fucking losers. The only reason I even went to school here was to get drunk, smoke pot every single day, and fuck beautiful boys for years." 

"Am I a beautiful boy?"

"You are a fucking gorgeous boy!"

"And you're a gorgeous girl."

He embraced her clothed body into a very wet kiss, her starving lips pressed and smacking against his mouth, her tongue wild inside him. He sucked down on it, and again she tasted phenomenal. She pumped her feet up and down and ground her jeans and sweater against his naked prick, and her gave that beautiful ass a good squeeze, caressing each cheek as she cooed with her tongue still inside him. He looked down as she pulled away, and a juicy line of clear pre-cum trailed from the tip of his cock to her sweater. She plucked at it with her fingers, and giggled in anticipation. He led her over to the bed and sat her down, while he remained standing.

"First time's for the ladies," he teased, unbuttoning her jeans. 

She laid all the way back on the bed and let him pull the pants right from her legs, her brown socks forming two dark tips on her creamy gams, with pumpkin-colored panties nestling that lovely butt. He grasped her legs and gently pulled her body right to the edge of the bed as she squealed wildly, then pressed her legs up so they were standing straight into the air before him. The bed was tall enough so her feet were perfectly positioned at his face's height. He embraced her right leg, pressing his engorged cock right against that impossibly tender thigh, his prick spasming with pre-cum as it felt the relative coolness of her flesh, and the soft prickles of her shaving neglect, which drove him wild. He planted a soft kiss on the sole of her socked foot. 

Then he slowly bent down, and kissed all the way down that leg, often rustling his tongue through his lips as he smooched, caressing up and down, nibbling at the cut of her panties at the bottom. She kept snickering, but now with a sense of deep enjoyment. As he stood, kissing his way back upward, she tried her best to rub her leg against that huge prick, all sticky and bubbling. 

At the height of his stand, he pressed her foot upward and nibbled gently on her toes through her socks as he vulgarly pumped the length of his upstanding cock against her leg, and then he pulled the sock right from her foot with his mouth, leaning over to do the same with the other sock on her neglected leg. He breathed deeply on her denuded toes, which were curling wildly in pleasure, and he shifted his position to right between both of her raised legs. He pressed her feet together and gently flecked his tongue across her toes, which spread and squeezed with uncontrollable abandon, like they were having tiny orgasms all their own. She roared in approval, and he nudged his penis right between her legs. She squeezed her gams against that thick cock as he ground between her two pillars of skin while sucking her toes and nibbling her soles and massaging her knees.

Foot-licking and leg-fucking soon got old, so he spread her legs and looked down. Her eyes were clenched shut and her cheeks were beet-red from giggles and gasping. There were dark beads of wetness all across the face of her panties and tiny pools of syrup dotting her tummy and sweater from his rapturous pre-cum spilling down. Suddenly lacking stimuli, she gazed up and met his glare, her mouth opening into a massive, toothy grin.

"Oh WOW... college sex is SO much better than boyfriend sex!"

He grinned and reached down to her hips, his fingers wiggling down into the mattress to snag her ass, and she yelped as he pulled her booty even closer to the edge of the bed. He then spread her legs extra wide and kissed all the way down the left one, kneeling on the bedroom rug, till his face was right against her pumpkin-caressed pussy. 

He quickly smooched her intimate place against the panties, then nestled his nose against her and breathed in her musk very deeply. He was suddenly terrified that he'd cum right there, so intoxicating was her ecstatic perfume. He smooched her there again, then began to softly lick around the outline of her thighs, dipping his tongue just under that soft material, feeling the steaming bristle of her pubic hair against his mouth. He rimmed her thighs in this way, darting over for kisses and pointed licks against the surface of her clothed, darkening pussy every so often. She was moaning. 

He then looked up, and lifted her sweater right up to the bottom of her breasts, so her matching pumpkin bra was just visible at its bottom, and he began to caress her sides, gently smooching her belly, running his tongue across her navel, heroically sucking clean the spots dabbed with his own syrup, and nibbling on the lip of her panties to kiss just slightly lower on her torso. Her lungs were heaving and her heart was pounding; he could feel it though her tummy. 

She lifted one of her legs and rested her foot on his naked back, giving it a clumsy sideways rub. But she quickly removed it as he reached to pull off her panties; they rolled down to just below her hips and became bunched and caught. He tugged on them as she laughed, and he stood as she threw her feet straight up in the air, just like before, and he peeled those garments right up her legs and slowly off her curling toes.

She scrunched herself backward on the bed with her palms, and brought her feet down onto the bed's edge , her knees in the air, her legs spread very wide. Brian gazed down at her. Her white skin was flushed now, patches of red all over, especially where he'd been kissing. She had a small but wild, tangly bush of dark pubic hair surrounding her pussy, which seemed almost modestly peeking out, its pink eye behind a forest of black. 

He fell to his knees again, forced to bend forward to lick around the outline of her lotus. She was sopping wet, and her musk was intense and pleasing. He grabbed tiny bunches of her curly hair and nibbled, tugging just a bit, and she squeaked from above. He then ran his tongue softly against the lips of her pussy, barely penetrating, savoring her groans and her impossibly velvet skin. He kissed those lips with modesty, even chastity, pecking them six or seven times, and finally he plunged his tongue inside her, lapping with deep, slow strokes through her sizzling hot interior, pausing to nudge his tongue forcefully against her clitoris. He could do this for hours.

And perhaps he hadn't quite counted on her stamina, because right then she shrieked as an orgasm rose, rippling through her eager young body like a tiny earthquake. 

Her dainty ass rose from the bed under the force of her passion; Brian grasped her rump cheeks and held them in the air as he dipped down and absolutely feasted on her pussy, and her yelps grew faster and faster, her lower body still grinding wildly against his face as he savaged her sensitive places, tiny licks of juice entering his mouth as she pumped over and over. It was a long one, and quite wet and nourishing a snack. 

Finally, she subsided, and Brian set her ass down on the cool, moist mattress. Her pubic hair was now glistening with wetness. Brain himself wasn't even close to orgasm anymore; he had really wanted this to last a bit longer, but one look at her puffing, sweating, teary-eyed face told him that the experience was more than worth it. 

He hopped up onto the bed beside her, and brushed some strands of hair away from her eyes.

"Ohhh fuck... oh fuuuck," she huffed, "Oh... oh man... help me up a little..."

There were pillows near the back of the bed, so he propped up two of them against the wall and he lifted her by her sweater arms until they were both in a half-sitting position.

"Hey..." she managed, "Wha... what's your name, anyhow?"

"Brian."

"I'm Kylie... so... so Brian... you finish?"

He rubbed her red cheek as she snorted her stuffy nose.

"God," she said, "That's a big no. Well, that's no prob."

"No prob."

"No. No prob. You didn't even get me naked. We couldn't have sex until I'm naked. That's against the rules."

"Oh really?"

"Oh yes really. Sooo... you better get me naked. So we can play by the rules!"

Brain was taken slightly aback.

"So you... you can..."

"Do it again? Oh Brian Brian... if you're gonna make me cum like that every time, I can do it till we fucking graduate."

She lifted her one leg over, and rested it across Brian's own legs, her flesh rubbing against his cock. It felt enormously good, and even better as he stared into her bright, bloodshot eyes, her other knee pulled up to against her sweater, her wooly arms wrapped around it, her just-recently erupted pussy happily visible and begging for more. 

And her smile.

Brian reached over and grabbed the bottom of her sweater, and she lifted her arms just in time for the whole thing to fly over her head. Her pumpkin bra revealed some ample cleavage. She tossed both of her legs over his, and scooched herself closer to him. She threw her arms around him and the two kissed passionately.

"Heeeey. I taste some pussy," she purred, "Does that make me gay?"

"No way, not if it's yours," he whispered.
