 I was at the bar and idly watching a bunch of party girls. They seemed to be having fun and I guessed that after a while they'd drift off to one of the local nightclubs. The girls weren't joined at the hip as a group, if you get my meaning, various young ladies drifting off and chatting with friends before returning to the main group.

Right now I was watching one of the ones who'd strayed away. She'd wandered over to the bar near me, just looking out at the crowd in much the same way as I was doing. I moved closer to her.

"May I buy you a drink?" I asked in a friendly voice, Mr Suave is action.

She didn't even look at me, just lifting her left hand to flash her rings.

"I'm married," she said.

"Yes, I know," I replied. "I'd have been surprised if someone as lovely as you wasn't and I'd already spotted the rings. Now, about that drink?"

Now she turned to look at me, giving me a slightly startled look. I just stood there, smiling easily.

"Why are you coming on to me when you know I'm married? It's not as though you're going to be able to entice me home with you. Waste of your time isn't it?"

I shrugged. "My time to waste," I pointed out, "and if I want to have a friendly drink with a pretty young girl I don't see why I shouldn't have a drink with her."

"In that case, yes, I'll have a drink. Thank you."

I determined what she'd prefer and ordered our drinks. We took our time drinking them, idly chatting away, both of us back to the sport of people watching.

"You're part of that group, aren't you?" I asked after a while, nodding to where her friends were congregated. "Some sort of party going on?"

"Not really. We just happened to decide to meet here. When Rhino opens later we'll head on down there."

She looked at her friends thoughtfully and then gave me a mischievous look.

"You know, if you want I can introduce you to a couple of my friends. You might be able to entice one of them home for the night." 

"That won't work for a number of reasons," I said. "For a start you don't know my name to introduce me. Moving right along I don't want to take one of them home for the night or even to go home with them for the night, even though it would undoubtedly be a lot of fun."

"Why not?" She surprised.

"Complications afterwards," I explained. "They'd feel that I should call them the next day to reassure them that they were fantastic and I'm forever more in love with them. Or they might decide that I was fantastic and I'd be beating them off with a stick for months. It's a hard life when you're as attractive as I am."

"Poor man," she murmured. "You should charge a premium to let them bask in your presence."

"Tried that," I admitted, "but there were no takers for some reason. Perhaps I put too high a price on the tickets." I gave a sigh to show how hard done by I was.

She laughed, totally lacking in sympathy.

"So, are you also going on to the nightclub afterwards?"

"Regrettably not," I admitted. "I have to rise at an ungodly early hour tomorrow so I'll be getting a reasonably early night. I do need to have some sleep before I go to work."

"So you're just having a few late drinks and then shooting through?"

"Not exactly. What I'm hoping to do is have a few late drinks and then entice you down that corridor over thereto a deserted room I know of so that I can lower your panties and make love to you."

She almost choked on her drink, hastily wiping her mouth and giving me a glare.

"Excuse me?"

"I said," I began, when she interrupted me.

"I heard what you said. Are you insane? Why would I do something like that?"

"Why not?" I asked. "It would be fun. No-one would ever know but us and even then you don't know who I am. It could be a profitable experience for you, helping you learn about yourself."

It was just by coincidence that I had a fifty in my hand, twisting it between my fingers. Really, I'd been holding it for a while. It meant nothing. Still, her eyes certainly dropped to it. She flushed and looked away.

Only looked away. Not moved away.

"Are you offering me money?" she asked, giving me a nasty look.

Well, yes, of course I was.

"Certainly not," I said, trying not to sound offended. "I wouldn't dream of it. Still, nightclubs are expensive aren't they?"

She was blushing slightly, not looking directly at me.

"I couldn't," she muttered. "I really couldn't."

"Well I'll tell you what. We'll just wander down to that room and see how far you can go before you decide to call it a night. It's not as though I'm going to force you. Too embarrassing all round being called to account in the middle of a busy hotel."

I removed her empty glass from her hand and directed her down the corridor, my hand lightly touching her back to keep her moving. Opposite the ladies room was the empty storeroom I knew about. I had the door open and eased her inside while she was still demurring.

She was breathing a little harder and from what I could see her nipples had peaked, pressing little tents against her little black dress.

"Don't worry. I'm not going to just jump you," I said, my smile doing its best to ease her fears. "Just a little touching and then we'll see where it goes from there."

That short black dress meant that I didn't have to ease it up very high before her panties were showing, not that there was much of them to show. I ran my knuckles lightly over the front of her panties, feeling her flinch just a little. (If you touch with your knuckles she's able to tell herself that you're not really touching her up.)

Being a considerate person I pointed out that it would probably be best to tuck her panties into her purse. That way she could be sure of not losing them. While she was trying to think of a way to say no I was easing them down, and then she was giving a little swallow and stepping out of them.

I slipped open her purse and tucked her panties inside, letting her see at the same time that I was tucking that fifty in with them. That calmed her down quite a bit. It showed that I wasn't going to stiff her (money-wise, anyway) and she now had more control as she could just turn around and walk away, already having the money safe and sound.

Her dress was still hitched up, exposing everything. When you shave you leave yourself nothing to hide behind and her pussy was now well and truly on display. I was amused to see that her inner lips were already protruding. Just the thought of a little bit of illicit sex was getting to her.

With her panties gone I felt at liberty to start making free with her body. I slipped my hand between her legs, massaging. She leaned back against the wall, hands flat on the wall behind her, breathing heavily. As far as she was concerned this was going to be something that was done to her, not something she was doing.

I stroked and agitated, building on her natural arousal, taking my time and keeping her interested. When I thought she was receptive I whipped out my little present and her eyes went wide.

"Wait a moment," she gasped. "I didn't agree to anything like that."

"You must have," I pointed out. "It's the only one I've got."

"But," she said, apparently not knowing what else to say.

"If it's making you nervous why don't you close your eyes? Then you won't have to watch it."

Not in a hundred years was she going to close her eyes. She watched, her eye fixated on where my cock was now pressing against her precious parts. She gave a small gasp as I started penetrating her, and then a larger one as I thrust deep into her, my cock finding a passage that was hot and slick and willing.

I started pumping her and, whether she wanted to or not, it didn't take long before she was moving right along with me. I established a nice easy flow and just kept it going.

I reached a point where she was wanting it, really wanting it, so I pulled right out.

She was all, "What, what, what?"

I had her turn to face the wall, bent over with her hands supporting her position. Then I came plunging in again. The break, short though it was, was sufficient to bring both of us down from the edge, and now I had the pleasure of bringing us back to that point, not seeing any rush to do it.

She was giving funny little exhalations every time I thrust in, wanting to cry out but aware of where we were. I think she was giving little shrieks with her mouth closed.

When I thought she was good to go again I just naturally pulled out again. She said something rude. I turned her to face me, my hands clutching hold of her bottom, lifting her into the air even as I gave her instructions.

"Legs around my waist and arms around my neck," I told her, and she'd no sooner done this and I was pushing her firmly down onto my cock again. Now I wedged her against a corner and really let rip. We were now both heading back up to a release point at a great rate of knots. This time I was going to climax and I'd have been astounded if she didn't manage that feat as well. Mind you, I did get a nasty shock when she sank her fangs into my shoulder, biting hard as she climaxed, probably in lieu of screaming her head off.

She was flushed and breathing hard afterwards. She gave a little shimmy that seemed to let her dress settled into place properly, opened the door to peep out, and then left, shooting directly into the Ladies room opposite. I went back to the bar and ordered another drink.