 My mother is one of the nicest people I know. She's always volunteering her time around town. Lately, she's been making food and bringing it over to some of the neighbors. She likes to help out with the older, widowed people. They absolutely love her food and are quite grateful that she does that for them.

I wanted to do nice things too. However, what I wanted to give them wasn't food related. What I wanted to give them was sex. I've always been a very sexual person. I just wanted to make our neighbors happy. Who is really going to pass up a sexual offer from a hot and sexy teenager?

I told my mother yesterday that I wanted to help her out. Mr. Smith would be the first house I'd go to. Mr. Smith lost his wife five years ago to Cancer. I think he's around seventy years old. He's a good looking man for a person his age. He keeps in shape for an older man. He's always dressed rather spiffy. 

My name is Roxanne and I'm eighteen. I'm still a senior in high school, but will be graduating later this year. I have brown long hair and blue eyes. I've been blessed with a large chest. All the boys are always looking at my breasts. I'm pretty popular with the boys at school. I guess I have a pretty bad reputation, because I like to give the boys blow jobs. They call me the "blow job queen." 

Lately, the high school boys have been kind of boring. I had been looking for something that's a bit more exciting. I was thinking about having sex with the neighbors. I'd bring the food my mother makes to the neighbors and offer them sex to go along with the good food. I was pretty sure they'd all enjoy what I had to offer. 

I wanted to look really nice for Mr. Smith. I wore a denim mini-skirt with a pink camisole shirt. I wore my white panties and sandals. I put on my make-up and did my hair. I admired myself in the mirror and went downstairs to talk to my mother.

** 

"Roxanne, would you please bring the lasagna over to Mr. Smith?"

"Of course," Mom. 

"Remember to smile and be cordial to him." 

"I plan to have a visit with him." 

"Wonderful. Tell him your father and I said hello." 

"Will do."

My mother handed me the lasagna and I walked over to Mr. Smith's house.

**

Mr. Smith lived a few houses away from us. I was hoping he'd like my naughty idea. I rang his bell and waited for him to answer the door. 

"Hello, Roxanne. I see your mother sent you over with more of her delicious food."

"She made a lasagna this week. Mom, makes the best lasagna. How about I come in and warm it up for you?" 

"That would be wonderful. Please come in." 

I walked into the house and Mr. Smith brought me into the kitchen. He took the lasagna and put it into the refrigerator. We both walked into the living room together.

"How about we talk a little while? Afterwards, I can warm up the lasagna for you."

"That would be great. Would you like a drink?"

"That's not necessary. But, thank you."

We both took a seat in the living room. I was planning to tell him my idea eventually. I wasn't sure what he'd think. I knew he must be kind of lonely. I didn't think he had dated since his wife died.

"It's so nice that your mother thinks of me. She's so very kind. None of the other neighbors do anything like what your mom does."

"She loves helping people. She's always volunteering her time somewhere. She also loves to cook. She love to make people happy." 

"She's quite the cook. I love how homemade her food is. She must really delight you and your father with her cooking skills. You must tell her how delicious everything is." 

"I'll tell her. She'll be really happy to know that. If you ever have a request, just let me know. I'll be sure to tell her. She'd love to make you things that you really enjoy."

"I'll have to get back to you. How is school going?"

"School is going well. I'll be graduating later in the year. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do."

"You should be a model. You're absolutely breathtaking."

"Thank you so much. You're much too kind."

"Have you decided which college you'll attend?"

"I'm not really sure where I'll be going. I'm still not sure I want to go to college."

"You must go to college. Don't make the mistake of not going."

"I have a proposition for you. I have thought long and hard about this. I really want to do something nice for you too."

"Just spending time with me is more than enough."

"I was thinking about giving you sex. How would you like a blow job?"

Mr. Smith looked right at me and he started to blush. I think I might have embarrassed him. He didn't say anything for a few minutes. He just looked at me shocked. 

"Young lady, that would not be appropriate. I'm seventy years old. You're just a teenager."

"I'm eighteen and I'm pretty sure you'd like what I can give you." 

"I'm sure you would. However, I'm pretty sure your mother would not like that." 

"She's not here and I'm sure you'll like what I can do. I bet you don't get too many women visiting you?"

I stood up and walked towards him. He looked like he was thinking about what I had said. He had a strange look on his face.

"Wouldn't you like a blow job? I bet it has been a while since you had one?"

"It has been a while, but I'm not sure this would be such a great idea. Why would somebody as beautiful as you want to be with an old geezer like me?" 

"I want to do something nice for you. How about it, Mr. Smith?" 

"Okay. If that's what you really want to do. I guess it would be okay." 

"I really want to do it. I want to pleasure you and make you happy."

"This will definitely make me happy. What an amazing offer, young lady."

Mr. Smith stood up and I helped undress him. I took off his shoes and unzipped his trousers. I pulled them and his boxers down his legs. He stepped out of them. I unbuttoned his shirt and removed his tee shirt. I helped him take his socks off. I was shocked to see he was a hairy mess in his pubic area. I kind of got a little sick seeing how much hair he had on his cock. I gagged a little, but quickly made it look like a cough.

"Bless you, dear."

"I just coughed."

I knelt down and played with his cock. I moved my fingers up and down his dick. I held his balls while I made him nice and hard. It took a little while, but then he was ready. He had a decent sized cock for an older man. I was happy he was on the bigger side. I always wondered if older men's cocks were wrinkled, but they weren't.

I wanted to give him pleasure. I kissed and licked his cock starting at his base. I kissed his shaft up the left side and then down the right side. I gave the head of his cock a little suck. I made sure to tongue at his pee hole. He was moaning while I explored his dick.

"My God, you're like a professional. You must drive the boys at school crazy."

"I haven't had any complaints yet."

I moved to his balls and kissed and licked both of them. I put the one inside of my mouth and sucked it. I did that to each one. I think he was really happy that I was doing this. He seemed to be enjoying my oral efforts.

"Can you please suck it? Put it into your mouth! You're really wonderful, dear."

I slapped his cock on my tongue. I looked up at him while I played with his dick.

"Please will you suck my cock?"

I wrapped my mouth around his cock and brought him down my mouth. I was trying not to think about his hair in his pubic region. It was kind of making me sick, however, I wanted him to enjoy his blow job. 

I stuffed my mouth with his dick. I was making all kinds of wet, sucking noises while I gave him head. My cheeks were bulging, spit oozed down the corners of my mouth. 

Mr. Smith moved his hips and face fucked my mouth. I was making gagging noises while I kept pace with him. Mr. Smith held my hair and fucked my mouth fast.

"I'm coming!" 

Mr. Smith came in my mouth. I swallowed his hot cream down. I wiped my lips with my hand and stood up and kissed him. I wanted him to taste his come on my lips. He held me tight. My young body was pressed against his naked skin. His hands were on my ass over my skirt. He was definitely enjoying me. My plan was working out wonderfully.

"That was amazing. You're really a sexy girl. I would love to return the favor and lick your teenage pussy. I haven't tasted a pussy in many years. If you really want to please me, licking your pussy would make me feel like a new man. The scent and taste of a pussy could really change a man's life. If you want to make me happy, let me pleasure you know."

"That would be great. I love to have my pussy licked." 

"Let's go into my bedroom. I want you to be comfortable while I adore your sweet treasure."

I followed Mr. Smith up to his bedroom. When we got to his room, he held me tight. He kissed me passionately on my mouth again. His tongue danced inside of my mouth. He helped take off my camisole top. He unzipped my mini-skirt and I stepped out of it.

"Roxanne, leave your panties on. I want to smell them. I haven't smelled panties in years. Please keep them on." 

"You got it." 

"I want you to get comfortable."

I walked over to the bed and got comfortable. I spread my long legs. Mr. Smith got comfortable between my legs. He sniffed and snuffled at my panties. He rubbed them with his fingers. After a while, my panties had a wet mark at the center of my panties. He licked my panties up and down.

"I love your pussy perfume. Your scent is intoxicating to my nose. I've got to lick your pussy now."

He moved my panties to the side and licked my cunt. He sucked on my pussy lips and pushed his tongue into my warm, wet hole. He saw how excited I was and pulled my panties down and tucked them under his pillow. He pushed his tongue straight into my pussy and tongue fucked me. I was holding onto the headboard while he adored my cunt. I wrapped my legs around his neck. He was loving my sweet pussy.

"You're really good at this. I'm coming. Fuck!"

Mr. Smith was devouring my teenage cunt. He was licking and sucking on all the pussy juice that was pouring out of my pussy. He was stroking his cock while he ate me out. He was semi-hard.

"Your pussy tastes so lovely, my dear. I haven't tasted a pussy in so many years. My wife lost interest in sex years ago. Even when she was alive, she never let me do this for her. You taste like a sweet peach. I could lick you all day." 

"You're driving me wild. I never had my pussy licked so well. Fuck!" 

Mr. Smith licked my pussy for what seemed to be well over an hour. I came several times on his face. He didn't seem to want to do anything else. It was like my pussy was his meal. He licked and adored every fold of my cunt. He sucked on my clitoris that was swollen and sticking out. I really needed to get fucked now.

"Would you like to have sex? I could fuck you now. You could just sit on the edge of the bed. I'll do everything.

"Okay." 

We both got up and Mr. Smith sat on the edge of the bed. I knelt in front of him and played with his cock some more. I needed him nice and hard so I could fuck him. Once he was hard, I straddled him. I sat on his lap and eased down on his cock. I could feel my pussy flower stretching around his cock. The stretching of my vagina made me feel incredibly horny.

We kissed passionately while I moved and rocked over his cock. I put his hands over my hands and we played with my breasts while I rolled my hips on his cock. We were French kissing while we fucked. My breasts were bouncing while I made love to him.

"Fucking hell. I'm coming." 

I had an orgasm and soaked his cock and balls. I continued to fuck him hard. 

"Would you mind, sucking my cock again? I'd like to come in your throat." 

"Okay." 

I got off of him and knelt back down. I put his pussy scented cock back into my mouth. I moved my mouth up and down on his cock. It didn't take very long and he blasted his cream down my throat. 

"That was amazing. You're an incredibly sexy girl. I'm so hungry now. Let's have the lasagna."

We both giggled.

"Could I freshen up in your bathroom?"

"Of course."

I grabbed my clothes and went into the bathroom and got dressed. I met Mr. Smith downstairs. I walked into the kitchen where he was waiting.

"I'll warm up the lasagna for you." 

"Okay." 

I put the lasagna into the microwave. Mr. Smith went into his cabinet and got a place setting out. He put it onto the table with a napkin and his utensils.

"The food is ready!" 

"This has been an amazing day. Thank you for the wonderful time and for the lasagna." 

"My pleasure. I do hope you'll have a nice day." 

"Thank you, dear." 

I left his house and walked back home. I was sure my mother had something else for me to deliver.

**

"Roxanne, did Mr. Smith like the lasagna?" 

"He loved it. He told me to thank you." 

"I have some muffins, I'd like you to take over to Mrs. Foley's house. She had mentioned she liked them. Would you be a dear and take them over?" 

"Sure. Let me just change my clothes." 

"Fine. I'll leave the muffins on the counter. Thanks." 

I ran upstairs to my room and took a quick shower. I needed to get Mr. Smith's scent off of me. I wanted to look nice for Mrs. Foley. I would make the same proposition to her. I had been with a few of my girlfriends sexually. I was no stranger to eating pussy. In fact, I kind of enjoyed it. I wondered if Mrs. Foley would accept my proposition.

I changed into a dress and wore another pair of white panties. I wore my lacy white bra. I put my sandals back on and took the muffins off the table. I walked over to Mrs. Foley's house. I rang the doorbell. 

** 

"Hello, Roxanne. How are you dear?" 

"My mother made you these muffins. Here you go." 

"Why don't you come in and have a visit." 

"Okay." 

I handed Mrs. Foley the basket and we walked into her living room. 

"You must tell your mom thanks for the muffins. I had tasted them at an event at the library. She promised to bring them over to me."

"How is school going?"

"I'm in my last year of high school. In the fall, I guess I'll go to college."

"Have you picked one yet?"

"Not yet. I'm still deciding on what to do. You know my mother makes the best muffins. Do you know that I love muffins too?"

"How silly of me, please dear have one." 

"I wasn't talking about those muffins. I meant I like to lick pussy. How about I lick yours? I know you have been a widow for a while. How about I give you an orgasm?" 

Mrs. Foley looked at me dumbfounded. She started to blush. I knew I had embarrassed her. 

"I'm not a lesbian dear. I haven't had an orgasm in many years." 

"I'm not a lesbian either. But, I'm pretty sure I can give you an orgasm. How about we go to your room and you let me take a look at your muffin? I'm really good at giving oral pleasure." 

"I haven't had an orgasm in years. It would feel really amazing to experience that again. You really don't mind." 

"Absolutely not. I would love to give you an orgasm." 

"Let's go upstairs. You can pleasure me on my bed." 

"Okay." 

I followed Mrs. Foley upstairs to her room. She took her dress off and put it on the chair. She removed her bra and underwear and got on the bed. She spread her legs. She had a full bush. I was going to tell her I'd shave her first. I wanted to pleasure her, but not get sick in the process. 

"Do you have a razor? I'd love to shave your pussy." 

"I don't have one, dear." 

"Okay. No problem." 

I got between her legs and I licked her hairy muff. I moved my tongue up and down her pussy lips. I sucked on her pussy lips and pushed my tongue through her pussy. Mrs. Foley was moaning and grinding her pussy up against my face. I continued to tongue fuck her. First slow and then faster. She was moaning and groaning. She let out a scream and came on my tongue. I lapped her juices up. 

"Fuck! You're so amazing. I haven't come in many years. Let me lick yours now." 

"Okay." 

I stood up and removed my clothes. I took off my bra and panties and got on the bed. I opened my legs and Mrs. Foley got between my legs. 

"You have a lovely looking pussy. I can see why you asked for a razor. I have never licked a pussy before. But I'll be glad to lick yours."

"It's all yours," Mrs. Foley. 

Mrs. Foley kissed my pussy and sucked on my pussy lips. She licked my pussy like an ice cream cone. She seemed to like what she was doing to me. She pushed her finger into my pussy and finger fucked me. She took the finger out of my cunt to take a taste. She pushed her tongue through my pussy and tongue fucked me. 

She was really good at oral sex. I was grinding my cunt along her face. 

"Fuck! I'm coming." 

I had an orgasm on her face. She lapped up my juices like a crazed cat. She moved closer to me on the bed and gave me a kiss. I tasted myself on her lips. She played with my breasts while she kissed me passionately. 

"You're beautiful, Roxanne. You have the body of a goddess." 

"You're very sweet." 

"Why don't we get dressed and I'll make us some tea. Let's have some muffins too." 

We both giggled and got dressed. I followed her downstairs and she made some tea. We both had the muffins that my mother made. After a while, I left. I was feeling really good that I made two people happy today. 

I planned on making all of my mother's neighbors happy. Just not the same happiness that she did. My goal was to sexually please them in any way I could.