 As I help him into a chair beside the bathtub he grumbles "I really didn't want you to see me like this but I guess I don't have any choice do I?" Poor guy. He can't help but be a bit grumpy. After months of chemo, radiation and now finally surgery, he's tired of it all and in pain. It is written all over his face and I want nothing more than to ease it all away and bring back his smile. "Oh well!" I chirp, "Since you can't submerge your leg in the tub, and can't stand in the shower yet, I guess you're just going to have to put up with me getting all handsy if you want to get clean. Besides, you've never fantasized about getting a sponge bath from a feisty redhead?" When this elicits only an eye roll I forge ahead. "I'm just happy for an excuse to get you naked." I give him my best wicked little smile.

"Look, I just had surgery you know I can't .."

"I know you can't, but you can sit there and give me some inspiration for later tonight and I can take care of the rest myself." I wink and grin, but based on the look on his face my humor falls flat. "I'm just having a bit of fun with you baby. Sorry. I'll behave." Of course, seeing him sitting there with nothing but a towel draped across his lap makes it easier said than done. For a moment I wonder what he would do if I just dropped to my knees before him, ripped away the towel and took his cock in my mouth. I can almost taste him on my tongue and a wave of heat races through my body heading straight for my crotch. For a moment I consider doing just that, until my fantasizing is interrupted by him grousing "Are we going to do this before the water gets cold?" 

I dip the washcloth in the tub I have filled with warm water and lather it up with soap. As I begin lathering up his body, I can feel how tense and stiff he is. For a man who is always in control, and always taking care of everyone and everything around him, it must be awful to feel this powerless. I wish he could see himself through my eyes. All I see is the strength and endurance he has displayed and to me he looks as powerful as a Titan. With each bit of him I touch, my mind wanders. As I wash his arms I remember the feel of them pulling me into his embrace so many nights. Next comes the chest that I love to rest my head upon, the nipples that are so sensitive and cause him to moan when I nip with my teeth. I even wash the hands that have explored every inch of me and know how to find all the places that make me want, and pant and moan. Every bit of his body reminds me of some bit of pleasure he has given me. By now the washcloth is not the only thing that is soaking wet. Finally I can feel him begin to relax a bit and lean into my touch. As I trail my fingers across his skin, I look down and see a tent in the towel. Apparently his body is not pessimistic as his mind is. 

Catching me staring at his blatant erection seems to just irritate him more. "I don't think you got all of the soap off my back. It will leave me itchy. Wipe it off again." For a moment my temper flares and I want to tell him where he can shove the wash cloth, but then I remind myself it's just the pain talking. He would never talk to me like this if he weren't so miserable. Well, not outside of the bedroom at least. Sometimes he does like to be the boss when it is playtime, and I must admit that I love it. I can't keep a wicked little grin off my face. Out in the world I am a control freak refusing to be ordered around by anyone. Conversely I long to be commanded by him when we make love, or fuck, depending on our mood. 

"Why are you looking at me like that? Are you actually getting turned on by this?"

"Maybe just a little bit." I whisper "Is that bad Daddy?" I only call him Daddy when we are playing. I peek up to finally see a bit of a smile quirk the corner of his mouth for just a moment as he picks up the hint. As quickly as it appears, it is gone and replaced by a stern look and lowered brows. 

"You are supposed to focus on getting me clean, not fantasizing you naughty girl. I'm starting to think YOU'RE the one who's dirty. You're a dirty girl aren't you?" My heart begins to beat in my chest and the ache between my legs intensifies. I look up and lock gazes with him. He suppresses a smile again before growling out "Answer me! You're a dirty girl aren't you?" 

"Yes"

"Yes WHAT?"

"Yes, I'm a dirty girl."

"Whose dirty girl are you?"

"I'm your dirty girl Daddy."

"Don't you forget it. Now try to be a good girl. No more nonsense until I am clean."

"Yes Baby"

I return to my ministrations but now it feels different. Gone are the tension and grumpiness, replaced by anticipation and heat. As I wash his hair, there is no way to avoid getting water splashed on my dress. By the time I am done it is soaked and clinging to my body. His eyes rake over me and he grumbles "Just look at you! Your dress is sopping wet and dripping all over the floor. Take it off before you make more of a mess. I'll expect to see you on your hands and knees later cleaning up this floor." I demurely look down and hide my smile as I reply "Yes Baby." All I have to do is slide the straps off my shoulders and the dress slides to the floor where I kick it aside. I stand there, needy and trembling in just my panties and heels, breathlessly waiting for him to speak.

"Are you thinking naughty thoughts again? Come here! Let me check." He slides his hand up my thigh oh so slowly and grasps my panties and roughly pulls them down. I step out of them and they join the dress in a pile. His fingers trace upwards again, then spread my lips and abruptly slip inside me. I can't suppress a groan of pleasure. His fingers, now slick with my juices slide across my clit and I arch my back pressing myself into his hand. He stops, only to take my hand and guide it to myself. Placing my fingers between the wet folds and guiding them to rub myself he says "See how wet you are? That is how I know you are a bad girl with naughty thoughts. You just keep your fingers rubbing there." He pulls away his hand and bring his fingers to my lips. "Do you see what a mess your naughty thoughts have made? Clean it up." I suck his fingers one at a time, meeting his gaze as I do so, running my tongue around the end of each one. 

"You still have one thing left to clean" he says with a wicked gleam in his eyes. As my hand begins to reach for his rigid cock he says "No! I want to see those fingers busy rubbing that pussy. You can clean me with your mouth." And just like that, he has given me permission for just what I want. I drop to my knees before him. With one hand still on myself, my other takes his rigid cock and I lower my head towards him. I look up into his eyes as I taste the bit of pre-cum on the tip of him, then circle the head with my tongue. As he closes his eyes in pleasure and leans his head back, I run my tongue down the length of him. When I get to his balls, I lick around each of them, before taking them gently into my mouth one at a time. I suckle them until they are both nice and clean, then I return to his cock. I take just the tip into my mouth and slowly move down until he is at the back of my throat and I hear him moan in pleasure. The sound excites me so much it almost makes me climax. I pause my hand upon my clit. I want him to catch up to me and I'm very close. 

I begin to take him into my mouth, pull away, then take him in again. I feel his hands grasp the sides of my head, his fingers tangling in my hair as he pulls my head towards him, thrusts his hips and drives his cock deep into my mouth. I love it because I don't have to wonder if I should go faster or slower, softer or harder. He shows me the way and I can just suck and soak up the sounds of pleasure he makes, revel in the way his breath hitches. I match the rhythm of my fingers on my clit to his. I suck his cock and rub my clit in tandem, joining us in mutual pleasure until finally I hear his breathy "Ah, ah" and feel the spurt of his cum in my mouth. It triggers my own orgasm and my body spasms. I give one last hard suck, taking in his pleasure and swallowing it down as the waves of my own throb within me. As we both come down from orgasmic high, I lay my head against his thigh and catch my breath. He gently strokes my hair and I look up into his eyes. He gives me the smile I so longed to see and says "now about cleaning up the floor..." and we both laugh.