 Ok, here are the usual warnings: this is a work of fiction, only by a weird coincidence the characters or the situation in this story could resemble anything you might find in real life. If you are underage go look for fun elsewhere, don't read it. This story is a stand alone, but there is opening for lots of sequels, that will only be written if I get a good amount of feedback and, who knows, several ideas and suggestions from the readers.

*****

John Johnson is happy to see his few friends joking and drinking around him. It is one of the small parties he throws at his place. There are no more than half a dozen people attending it. He doesn't have many friends.

The half drunk man looks through his heavy glasses at his guests with a big smile. His face is still plain with the smile, but looks better than his usual bad looks. He has an ugly nose and is starting to lose hair, his face is not his best asset, but he has a nice trim body, even if the excessive body hair makes it look a bit unruly and ugly for most girls.

Barbie and her husband are serving some delicious stuff they prepared for the party. She is a plump brunette with gigantic tits and a cute face who is considered a bit distant by her coworkers, having as few friendships in office as John himself. Her hubby is a tall funny man who has a way with jokes and makes the place cozier for everyone.

Ed is laughing, hugging his new girlfriend, a brown haired girl who looks bored. He is a tall muscular man, with rough good looks, but as nerdy as John, their 'weird talk' about old TV series, strange geeky games and comic books makes them close to each other, but Ed manages to be popular, thanks to his appearance, while Johnny, is the weirdo of the office.

John's best friend at work is also there, pouring some wine for the other guests Gemma dances around his living room talking to everyone and drunkly joking with the other guests. Gemma's husband was around at the start of the party, but He had to leave early, since he had to take a flight to one of his many business trips.

Gem, as she is called, is a short girl, no taller than 5'2", but with the body of a pin up. She is a pale white blonde, with dark brown eyes and a cute face, with a perfect smile. The petite beauty has large breasts - none of her bras is able to hide the size of those melons! - and her ass is a full bubble butt, large and firm, ending in thick legs. Her waist, surprisingly, is very thin for her voluptuous body. 

The married busty blonde is John's secret crush. He loves to be around her, not only for her bubbly personality but also because he gets the chance to ogle her hot body, especially those massive mounds of hers! 

The host of the party has jerked off a thousand times for his best friend. He always Pictures Gemma bent over a desk at work as he fucks her, or kneeling down under his table sucking his cock. John has many pictures of his friend, from several social events of the company, and is used to masturbate looking at them.

Of course, she has no idea about this obsession. She believes they are 'just friends'. John knows Gemma is a bit of a tease, she likes to wear sexy clothes, but never gives anyone an opening to invite her to a date or flirts in anyway. 

He has helped her at work several times, staying late at night in the office, alone with the voluptuous beauty. He has dozens of fantasies about those nights, wishing he was fucking her, instead of going through data and reports... but she also does the same for him, like a good friend, so he has nothing to complain.

Surprisingly, Lynn also showed up at his door when everyone was already in their second or third glass of wine. John always invites the little slut, but she never attended one of his parties. She is also a petite girl but, unlike Gemma, she has a slim body, with perfect cover girl face and a nice tight ass. Lynn recently added a cup size with implants and is looking better than ever.

Still, because of his best friend presence, it was not the best time for her to start giving him some attention. Gemma doesn't feel very comfortable around Lynn. The two of them had and argument a month ago, which ended with Gem calling the hot petite brunette a cocksucking whore in front of a few of their girlfriends.

As the hours pass, everyone drinks a bit more than they should and people start to go home giggling and a bit tipsy. First Barbara and her husband, then Ed and his girlfriend. All of a sudden John has only Gemma and Lynn in his apartment, two of the hottest girls in office! But neither ever allowed him even close to their pussies.

When he walks to his kitchen to fetch yet another bottle of wine, Lynn comes along, with a big impish smile. Gemma stays at the living room, close to the sound system, dancing with her eyes closed. The blonde is quite drunk and is enjoying it.

"Hey Johnny, that was a fun night!" Lynn giggles. "Want to make it even better?"

"Hum, better?" He smiles nicely, thinking the hot petite girl is finally flirting with him.

"Oh yes! This can be the best night of your life..." she purrs. "With me and Gemma." Lynn walks very close to the nerd. "If you are up to something naughty."

"Something naughty... me, you and Gem?" John Johnson smiles wider, but thinks she is joking. "Come on Lynn, you know Gem is a married girl."

"Yes I know.. and so what?" She laughs. "Pour some wine for the three of us..." Lynn puts three glasses in front of the host. "She is a bit tipsy and, you know, girls get horny with alcohol, that's why guys buy us drinks! To get into our panties!" She giggles.

"Ok... I'll be generous with my wine then!" He looks at the living room and feels his groin twitch. The Idea of doing anything naughty with Gemma is unresistable as he sees her full figure move slowly, in a sexy way, her large boobs sway a little bit and her ass enticing her best friend as she dances.

"Ha!" Lynn says victorious. "So you DO want to fuck the big titted blonde, don't you?"

"That's... that's none of your business!" John Johnson turns a little red. "Besides, she is married and my friend."

"Come on Johnny! Any red blooded man would love to stick his cock in the middle of those big tits of hers." Lynn's hand slide to his crotch and starts to massage John's dick. "Can you imagine Gemma riding your cock? Right there, on your couch, her huge melons wobbling all over your face? Don't you want it?"

John Johnson closes his eyes, imagining the scenario and feeling Lynn's slutty hand. Then he shakes his head.

"No, wait... stop It Lynn." He says feeling a bit guilty. "She is my friend... and she wouldn't want to anyway."

"What if... she wanted it? What if I could get her in the mood?" The slut brunette is now rubbing his member with an expert hand. "Would you do it?"

John closes his eyes in shame. He'd never confess it to anyone, but the too many glasses of wine and the excitement of Lynn dry humping him with her fingers make him more brave than usual. He opens his eyes again and silently nods.

"Well, if you play along, I promises she'll be your whore tonight Johnny." Lynn licks your earlobe. "Just give her..." she pours some dust on one of the glasses. "...this glass, and I'll be able to get her ready for your cock!"

John Johnson thinks for a minute. 'what did Lynn just do?' is the first thing that he thinks, but he realizes she just drugged his friend's wine in the same moment. 'Is Gem gonna be OK?' is his next thought, but soon followed by 'this is wrong!'

Then he peeks out and see her dancing, her tits swaying... her ass swaying! So many years jerking off to that hot blonde, all the fantasies he built... John Johnson nods to Lynn in shame and excitement. 

"She'll be fine, I just want her to see she is a big whore..." Lynn smiles evilly and you remember Gem telling you about their argument and how she called the brunette a whore in front of the girls. "I want her to know she is no prude, she is a big titted slut, and she'll love it!"

John Johnson is so caught up in seeing Gem dancing that he forgets she is his friend and thinks about her being a big titted whore, like Lynn called her.

"Go Johnny, give her the glass." Lynn gets the last glass and walks out of the kitchen with the nerdy host of the party.

"You two took so long!" Gemma says a bit annoyed. "What were you two up to?"

"Nothing!" John says quickly. "I mean, I had some trouble with the wine bottle. The cork was stuck!" He blushes a bit at the lie but Gem is so drunk she doesn't even notice. "Here you go!" John hands her the drugged wine.

"Oh Gem, Johnny was just telling me how he saved your favorite wine for you..." Lynn giggles.

"Humm!" Gemma smells the wine and giggles. "I bet you couldn't find it Johnny, you are so absent minded!" She jokes. "But you have great taste, great wine. You only like the best!" The busty blonde drinks from her glass deep and Lynn holds her breath in excitement.

"Oh yes, John only gets the best!" Lynn licks her lips. "The very best for Johnny!"

"Always!" Gem agrees and toasts to it with Lynn, drinking even more. "Thanks Johnny!" 

Gemma sits on the sofa giggling, already quite drunk. A few minutes later she is giggling to anything you say and her eyes are very red, she is stoned!

"Gosh... I guess I have to go home!" Gem says a bit unsteady.

"What? It's still so early, we shouldn't leave poor Johnny all alone." Lynn giggles. "Why don't we play a last game and then call it a night?"

"Ok..." Gemma agrees shrugging and looks to John for his opinion.

"Yes, just one more game." He shrugs, trying hard to pretend it is no big deal. "I'll even drive you home after Gem, or let you sleep on sofa."

"Cool!" Lynn laughs. "I got your cards Johnny." She shows him the deck. "Well, it is easy, each one draws a card, the one with the highest card can ask any question from the one with the lowest card or chose a dare for her... easy isn't it?" She puts three cards on the small round table in John's living room, now mainly occupied by glasses and bottles.

"A truth or dare with cards!" Gem giggles. "I don't play truth or dare since I was in high school!" She laughs

"Me too." John smiles, laughing along. 

Gemma and John sit on the sofa, while Lynn sits on an arm chair in front of the table with the deck. The three of them draw a card, John gets an 8, Lynn a 5 and Gem draws a King.

"Wow Gem, you win round one." Lynn giggles.

"Yeah!" She laughs and cheers. "Well Lynn... is it true you had a threesome with Victor and Gene?"

"Nasty you!" Lynn pretends to be shy. "Well, yes... they took me for a few drinks and we ended up on Vic's bed, but I don't regret it." She leans over a if to tell a secret. "The two of them had HUGE cocks, you know, pornstar sized! Like... Vic is eight inches and Gene is nearly ten!"

"R-really? T-that big?" Gemma asks surprised.

The talk about big dicks got Gem a bit nervous, she is squirming on her seat. John and Lynn notice Gemma's eyes grow wide. Both of them realize the petite busty blonde has a thing for large packages, and she is getting excited just to hear the brunette talk about it, an effect of the drug in her veins.

"No lying Gem, I told you the truth, we can't lie!" Lynn jokes and Gem laughs. "New round!" The brunette announces and draws her card.

John draws another 8, Gemma gets an 8 too and Lynn a 9.

"Wow! Close round." John comments "But Lynn wins. We both lose Gem."

"Well, it is my time to ask... and if you two can't answer I'll set a dare!" Lynn celebrates. "Ok, I'll ask the question, and it'll be about the same subject: Gem, do you have fantasies about big cocks? Like Vic and Gene's huge dicks? And Johnny... how big is your cock?"

Gemma gasps and looks at John, then she laughs for a long time. The blonde is usually outgoing, but not really comfortable to talk when the subject is sex. She is kind of proper when it comes to her sex life and she'd never talk about big cocks with a man around, even if this man is her nerdy best friend, someone she doesn't think of as a 'real male' anymore, just her friend. But with her mind in a daze this private subject doesn't make her feel shy at all. The blonde feels ok with all the sex talk.

John Johnson, on the other hand, smiles at Lynn. He knows what she is up to. The dirty brunette knows Gem's fetishes and frustrations, she had spent a lot of time collecting all the gossip and private chats Gemma had with her other friends, now she knows how to conduct things to manipulate the sexy married blonde.

"Ok, me first... I do have a fantasy about big dicks." Gemma confesses. Both John and Lynn know she'd NEVER EVER talk about such a thing if she wasn't drugged. "I have seen one of my dad's porn flicks when I was young and since that day I have been dreaming with a huge dick, you know, those big monster cocks almost a foot long!" She ends with a long laugher.

"Well, my time." John says as if embarrassed. "I am not gonna lie Lynn. But I have never measured, so it's impossible for me to answer."

"Johnny is trying to bail out of the question!" Lynn says accusingly.

"Bad Johnny! You must answer it!" Gemma says mock hurt.

"Or... I can chose to dare him!" Lynn adds and the two girls start to giggle.

John Johnson smiles. He knows exactly what Lynn is planning.

"Honest, I have never measured it." He insists, pretending to be awkward and shy, but n fact horny as hell. "So I guess it's a dare."

"Ok Johnny, since you don't know how big is your cock... you'll have to show us!" Lynn demands. Gemma starts to laugh, a bit red, but looking like she thinks it is very funny. "Come on... show us your cock Johnny, take it out! Stand up and remove your pants." She demands.

"Well, ok. I guess that's fair." The nerdy man stands up. "Maybe you two can measure for me too." He jokes laughing.

John ‎puts his hands on the waist and undo his buckle and slowly unzips. He‎ notices Lynn staring more at Gem's face than his pants.‎ Gemma's eyes are locked in, she can't tear her gaze from Johnny's lap. The cute blonde doesn't even think of how lewd is it, her best friend, a guy she never considered sexy, is striping down for her.

He slips the pants down and stand there in his boxers. Noticing Gemma's stare he feels extra excited and brave. John slowly slides down his boxers until they fall to floor. His cock is mostly soft, but has started to swell, standing almost half mast. It is a very impressive member. It is at least seven inches and not even close to fully hard!

"There." John says with a big smile. "How big is it?"

"Oh WOW! Y-you are so big!" Gemma says wide eyed, her chin drops in amazement. "Your soft cock is larger than my hubby is when he's hard!"

"Yes Gem, your best friend Johnny has a HUGE cock!" Lynn says teasing the blonde. "God Johnny, you never told us you had a PORNSTAR sized cock!" She giggles. "Did you know it Gem? That your best friend has a HUGE dick? Like, the largest you'll EVER see?"  

Gemma shakes her head 'no', still stunned by it. She looks confused, John and Lynn can see she is not thinking clearly. But they also see her nipples pushing up the material of her top, hard as little rocks. John smiles a bit at being called a pornstar. The usually meek man is now feeling quite bold.

"Well, it can get bigger." John says casually. "I mean if you really want to know how big it can get..."

"Now he is all cocky!"‎ Lynn laughs and draws a card. "Sit down and pull a card Mr. Huge cock!" she jokes. Gemma draws a card still stealing glances at John's cock. The man sits down and draw too.

John gets another low card, a 6. Lynn gets a King and Gemma draws a 2.

"Well Gem... you look so in awe with Johnny's cock... do you want to touch it?" Lynn asks and Gemma babbles and stutters. 

"I-I..." Gem is so confused she can't actually say anything, she wants to say 'yes!' and she wants to actually reach for it, but deep in her mind something is holding her back. Since Gemma can't give her an answer the brunette cuts her.

"Well, since you won't answer I'll ask for a dare... remove your top!"

"B-but I don't have a bra underneath!" The busty blonde giggles. "I-I didn't, I-I..."

"Don't be a sore loser... off with the top!" Lynn says and leans over to grab Gemma's top and raise it. 

The blonde feels confused, but knows she has to play the dare, so she allows the slutty brunette to undress her. The top slides up her body enticingly, until it passes out of her head, baring the full melons. Her tits are very large for such a short girl, but quite firm and the nipples are totally hard.

As soon as John hears Gemma say she has no bra on, he starts growing harder. And when Lynn is done and Gem is topless, his cock stands at full attention. Now he has, for the very first time, his married best friend topless by his side!

"Wow! Look at that Gem!" Lynn purrs to her friend. "He is so hard... long... thick..." She is purring on Gem's ear, teasing her. "It looks like Johnny here is as much a big fan of huge tits as you are of big cocks!"

"Yes I am... I wonder how much of a fan of big cocks you are Gem." John Johnson smiles and nods. "Maybe that can be my next 'truth', like 'how crazy are you for HUGE dicks Gem?'" He adds‎ laughing.

Gemma can't answer. She isn't able to speak. She can't tear her eyes from her nerdy friend's member... she can't even blink! John Johnson and Lynn notice this and both look very pleased with it. All of a sudden the ugly nerdy - that Gemma never saw as a man - became a sexy stud with a foot long cock.

"Draw!" Lynn says.

It breaks the moment, and everyone gets a card. Gemma doesn't even look at her card. All she does is stare at John's cock open mouthed. His cock is rock hard, it is so exciting for the geek he doesn't ever soften! The massive pole goes on his lap from side to side as he moves even slightly, making his married friend nearly moan.

Gemma gets another low card, a 3. Lynn gets a king and John draws a queen.

"Damn, I almost won!" John says a bit annoyed. "I would have made Lynn topless if i did." He tells Gemma.

"D-do you want to see her tits?" Gemma asks in a jealous tone, even sounding a bit hurt. "But mine are larger! Why do you want to see her tits?"

"No, no Gem... I was just trying to be fair!" John tries to calm down his dream girl, thinking he just had upset her. "Your tits are awesome, really. I would love to fuck them." When he notices what he just said John blushes. "No, wait! I mean..."

"Well, it saves me the question 'would you like to fuck Gem's big tits with your huge cock Johnny?'." Lynn laughs and after a short while Gemma giggles along. "And anyway, don't be so jealous Gem! Anyone can see Johnny loves those huge melons of yours." Lynn says giggling. "But if you still feel a bit unsure and wants your big dicked friend to only have eyes for you, I'll make sure he does." Lynn says with a large smile. "Gem, I dare you to take off your skirt."

This time Gemma doesn't fight it. She doesn't even notice Lynn didn't even consider asking a question. The busty blonde stands up and slides her skirt at once to the floor, then steps out of it, putting it on the table. She sits back giggling, with a shy yet naughty smile.

John's cock swells even a bit more, to full length as he stares at his married naked big titted friend. The panty is a white flimsy thing, her pubes show through the lacy material! John's dick was already very impressive, now it looks painfully hard. The large erect member really sways in his lap.

"God Johnny, how big does it get?" Gemma asks noticing the swell.

"You'll have to draw the top card to ask it Gem!" Lynn jokes.

Again,‎ everyone draws a round of cards and sure enough Gem gets the top card, a 10. John gets a 3 and Lynn a 9.

"L-Lynn!" Gem turns to the brunette nervously. "D-do you want to t-touch Johnny's cock? I-I mean, I-I am not the only one, right? I-I mean... touch h-his big... HUGE..." Gemma stutters blushing, hardly able to make up a sentence in her present state of excitement mixed with the effect of drugs.
