 "C'mon, baby! Think of all the fun you'll have!"

Britnee was talking to Frank Maple, her boyfriend of sorts and her mother's fiance. Frank was also the owner of a fat, twelve-inch penis. At the moment, Brandee, Britnee's mother, was slowly jerking that twelve-inch penis with her expert hands.

Frank was lying spread eagle on Brandee's new four-poster bed. Britnee had tied his wrists and ankles to the four posts and was kneeling over his chest, her pussy inches from his mouth. Brandee was kneeling between his legs using some lube and Frank's precum to thoroughly massage every inch of his bloated, twelve-inch cock.

"Mmm, I just love playing with your cock, lover," Brandee moaned. "Ijust love how it feels in my hands, it's so big and fat and long..."

Britnee and Brandee were implementing a plan they had devised to teach Frank how to better control his orgasms and increase his stamina through teasing sessions. So far, they weren't having very good results. Frank's cum had soaked the mattress and plastered the ceiling three times in under twenty minutes that morning. Britnee was also using their little torture session to try to convince Frank to become her number one video stud and fuck her on camera. So far, he had only made the video where Britnee had deepthroated him. From the comments and emails posted on her website, the demand to see more of Frank and his monstrously huge cock were enormous.

"But, I'm having fun now!" Frank whined, flicking his tongue at the wet, pink pussy just out of reach. "Or at least, I would be if you two would give me some pussy!"

"But, Baby! If'n you say yes, you'll be fuckin' me and mama all the goddamn time And getting paid fer it! You'll be the biggest, most famous stud in the history of porno! Why you'll be a downright bona fide celebrity! And you'll be putting that big, beautiful cock inta every tight, wet, horny hole of every dumb slut I hires to fuck you! And me and mama! How can you lose?"

Just thinking about Frank's twelve-inch prick stretching out her tiny, tight pussy was making Britnee even hornier than she normally was. She reached down and dipped a fingertip in her wet hole and wiped her juice across Frank's lower lip.

The tall, slender, well muscled young man groaned and pulled at the restraints to no avail. 

Britnee giggled. "Mama?"

Brandee gripped Frank's cock at the base and squeezed it as hard as she could. She wrapped her other hand around his fat, throbbing cockhead and began pumping it in her fist as fast as she could. Frank groaned and pulled at the restraints as his cock flexed. His bloated cockhead flared in Brandee's hand. as Frank jerked under the two horny women.

"Oh, God!" he cried. "Let me cum!"

"Don't you cum, Frank! Don't you dare cum!" shouted Britnee.

Brandee continued fisting Frank's cockhead as Britnee inched her pelvis closer to his mouth.

"So, why not, baby?" Britnee asked, feeling a little frustrated. "Don't you want to show the world what a sexy, handsome, powerful stud you really are? Think of it, baby... all the pussy you can gets and even more horny bitches just drooling over your huge, fat fuckstick.Can you imagine all the women and men, sitting there, gettin' green with envy, as they watch you drill me and mama into quivering piles of flesh!"

Frank frowned. "But, what you and I and Brandee have is special! It ain't for other people."

"Personally, I would love to show the world how much I loves you, Frank." Brandee relaxed her torturous grip on his enormous cock. "Babygirl, lift your ass so I can see him..Look at me, baby... Frank. I loves you. And, next month, when we gets married, I'll be the most happiest women whatever did walk God's green earth. And I want the world to know how much I loves you an' ifn that means you gotta wreck my holes with this sweet monster on camera-"

"And get paid a silly amount of cash!" Britnee chimed in.

"-then so be it! Let's show the world!"

"But but..." Frank protested. "My family! My parents!? If anyone saw me, I mean, the internet is so wide open! What if my mom saw me?"

"So we get ya a mask to wear." Britnee grinned. "And we'll give ya a great porno name. Bae, you worry too much!" She shifted her weight and leaned down, touching her nose to his. "Mama."

Brandee resumed her speed massage on Frank's swollen cockhead. "Just think," Britnee whispered, staring deep into Frank's eyes, "All those assholes back in school, the jocks that bullied you... the little whores that teased you... all of them, All of them paying good money to watch you pound the shit outta me and mama and every other horny cunt you wanna fuck! All of them watching and knowing they can never have you or be as sexy and strong and big and virile an-!"

"Okay! I'll do it!" Frank shouted, thrashing beneath Britnee so hard, he almost threw her off the bed. He grunted and pulled at the scarves tying his wrists to the bedposts, ripping them in half, releasing him! "You fuckin bitches! It's time for my revenge!"

Britnee whooped and cackled with glee as Frank grabbed her roughly and forced her cunt onto his hungry mouth. She looked back just in time to see Brandee choking down his fat cock as cum squirted out the sides of her mouth.

"Oh, Mama!" Britnee squealed! "He's gonna make us pay! Pay fer what we done!"

"GGLLMMPPHHH WAHHH GLUMPHH!!" was the only reply her mother could give.

----------------------------

Lara sat patiently in her car outside Britnee's mobile home reading a book. She was dressed in a black miniskirt, a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and lacy, embroidered black leggings that accentuated her long, shapely legs. She glanced up when she heard the door to the trailer open and watched as her friend slowly descended the steps and walked to the car on unsteady legs.

Britnee stepped into the car and sat down. "Ouch!" she exclaimed as her butt touched the seat. She sat gingerly and adjusted her sunglasses.

"You're walkin' kinda funny, Boo." Lara said, leaning over to kiss Britnee's cheek.

"My ass is so sore..." grunted Britnee, returning the kiss. "Me and Mama had another stamina training session with Frank this morning. He really took it out on us when we untied him."

Lara smirked and gave her a sideways glance as she pulled out of the trailer park onto the main road.

"It's not funny!" Britnee protested. "He packed my fudge so fuckin' tight I ain't gonna shit for a week!"

Lara grimaced. "One. TMI!! Two. EEWWW!!"

Britnee rolled her eyes. "Ima pack your fudge, bitch. Good thing is, we got him to sign. Frank's gonna be our number one stud from here on out!"

"Awesome! You look totally hot in that, by the way."

"Yeah, thanks!" Britnee was wearing a pair of ultra-tight bright yellow hot pants and a skintight orange tanktop with slits cut across the front. Stretched over her enormous tits the slits showed off a prodigious amount of tanned flesh. Britnee teased her nipples through the thin fabric for a moment. "So whatcha readin'?" She picked up Lara's book. "Hegel? Ain't that that German dude what talked about thisis and anty-thisis and whatnot?"

Lara's face lit up. "Aww, Boo!" she cried and leaned over to kiss the petite blonde. "You really do listen to my ramblings! I love you!"

"Eyes on the road, Einstein" shouted Britnee as Lara barely missed ramming her car into a group of power walking senior citizens on the sidewalk. "Well, yeah, Boo. Just cuz I'm drunk and high and stuffing myself full of hard cock every day don't mean I'm unattentive. Or dumb."

"I know, Boo. Hell, if it wasn't for that big brain of yours, we wouldn't be real estate moguls and porno princesses. Shit! Ya think I'd be driving this Lexus without you and your awesome quick thinking?"

"Yeah..." Britnee traced her fingers up Lara's thigh and under her skirt. "Those leggings are so pretty. Just like you, Boo. How's your little brother doin'?"

"Yeah, that's not weird." Lara grinned as Britnee looked at her quizzically. "Fingering my pussy while asking about my brother." Britnee shrugged and continued massaging the folds of Lara's moist warm cunt.

"He's okay." Lara continued. "Mmm, that's nice. The doctor said the stitches should come out in a few days. As for the emotional trauma, well..., that'll take some time, I guess."

"Yeah," replied Britnee. "Tell him I said Hey!. Mmm girl, don't stop."

Lara was driving with one hand as she returned the favor and rubbed Britnee's pussy through her shorts with the other hand.

"So, we gotta stop at the costume shop after the meeting with Julie," Britnee said, slipping a finger inside Lara's hot hole.

"Okay. Why?"

"Cuz Frank said the only way he'll do porn is if we don't show his face on camera. Afraid his mom'll see it or somethin' like that. Shit. you're gonna stain my shorts. Don't stop. So, we gotta go find him a mask to wear. And think up a really good porn name for him."

Lara laughed. "Johnny Longcock!"

"Johnny Bigdick!" Britnee giggled.

"Jimmy Threelegs!" "Jimmy Hung!" "Fred the bulldozer! No! Just Bull Dozer!"

"Good one." Britnee cackled."How about El Toro Gigante!"

"Thundercock O'Malley." "Johnny Ramrod" "Derek the Donkey" "Dick Hammer! Hey, I like that one!"

"Lara nodded. "Yeah, that's a good one. Wait! Thor's Hammer. Or just, Thor."

"Sweet!" giggled Britnee as she pulled a wet finger from Lara's pussy and licked it. "Satan. Or, Satan Thicke."

"Nice," Lara grinned, patting Britnee's crotch. "We're almost there, have you decided to take Julie up on her offer?"

"I'm still not sure. "Britnee sat back in her seat. "I mean, these are some sweet ass titties already. And, what about the website? I mean, one day I'm doin' my thing with the cocksuckin' and all and the next, Blam! Hey, folks! I got new titties! It's kinda weird, doncha think?"

"Yeah," Lara nodded. "I was thinking about that too. I think I gotta way to make it work. You hold off getting the implants for say, a month or two. Meanwhile, we shoot as many scenes as we can to keep the site's continuity going. Then, when you're all healed up and ready, we start shooting new stuff with your new boobs and we have a big promotion thing and even run before and after footage side by side. Or, something like that!"

"Cuz, a lot of people will like the new look, but a lot won't." Britnee considered this for a moment. "We're gonna lose a lot of business..."

Yeah.' Lara replied. "But I'm guessing we'll get a lot of new business too. There 's a whole, big subset of porn freaks out there that go crazy for big, fake tits. The bigger the better. I'll send you some links to some, what they call, '"growth" forums so you can see for yourself. Hell, Boo. Health risks aside, I'm all for it! I'd love to see you with tits the size of Julies! Or bigger! Fuck! I want some big, fat tits myself. I'm tired of these tiny, little things!"

Britnee kissed her friend passionately. "I love your little titties, Boo! They're perfect! You're perfect! I can't imagine life without you anymore. But, if you want some big fake titties, then by gum, you gonna get 'em! OK! It's decided! Ima be the greatest jumbo jugged, fake titted, cock swallowin' porno slut whatever did walk the face of this earth!"

The two sluts kissed and hugged for a moment before Britnee exited the car. "Pick me up in an hour?"

"Yeah, I gotta stop at city hall and pick up those building permits. See ya!"

"Wouldn't wanna be ya!" Britnee replied.

---------------------------

"So, have you made a decision, dear?" Julie asked.

Julie and Britnee were sitting at the bar inside the club, sipping cocktails and sharing a joint. 

Britnee set her drink down and turned to reply. Julie's massive enhanced tits were at eye level with the tiny blonde and she had to look up to see Julie's face. "Yeah. I think so, anyway," she said.

"And...?" Julie was growing impatient with anticipation. Dressed in a pair of cutoffs and a v-neck t-shirt that was three sizes too small for her enormous chest, The taller, platinum blonde sat holding her drink in one hand while lightly tapping the glass with the other.

"Okay, but first," Britnee couldn't help but stare at the giant flesh balloons in front of her. Julie's top only covered the top half of her huge tits and the sight of all that tanned, round flesh was making Britnee extremely horny. "I gotta get more comfortable."

She pulled her tanktop up over her head, releasing her own huge, natural tits. She pulled her nipples and massaged her tits as she gazed at the much larger breasts next to her. Britnee grinned. "Ima say... Yes! Gimme a pair o' them big ass jumbo titties!"

"Yes!" Julie shouted, clapping her hands and bouncing in her seat. Her fat tits jiggled making the stain on the crotch of Britnee's shorts grow bigger as the short slut's pussy grew wet.

"Hold on, partner." Britnee giggled, moving a finger down to rub her fabric covered pussy. "Ya might not like what I have to tell ya."

Julie composed herself, pulled off her t-shirt and began rubbing her own crotch. "Mmm, I love watching another girl play with herself while I'm playing with myself." She sighed.

"An' ya know I'll do just about anything you say when you put them big, sweet tits in my face." Britnee moaned, rubbing her crotch faster. "So, anyway... uhh... Me n Lara were talking it over, by the way, even if I said no Lara wants a new set of them huge ass titties fer herself, and we came up with a plan. Fuck, I'm close..."

Britnee explained their plan to wait and shoot as much video as possible before the big change. She managed to explain everything while pulling her shorts down and sinking a finger deep in her hungry snatch.

"That's, uhh...mmm, a very good, shit, a very good idea...mmm oh yes..." Julie replied. Her shorts were around her knees and she was vigorously massaging her clit. "Marco? Could you give us a refill?"

Marco, the club's head bartender replaced their empty glasses and withdrew. 

"God, I'm close," Julie grunted. Her amazingly huge enhanced tits jiggled as she fingered herself. "Yes, I definitely think you have a good idea there. Would you want to meet with the doctor this week? He can give you all the details on the procedure, implant types, and sizes, Ohhhhh..., health risks and answer any questions you may have. Yes Yes YESSSS!!"

"Oh, Fuck I love your big tits!" Britnee groaned as she pumped her fingers faster in and out of her dripping snatch. "Umm, yeah. Any time's good for me. How about tomorrow? I seriously can't wait to have giant tits! Just looking at yours makes me want the biggest, fakest, roundest tits on the planet! Ohhhh Fuck!"

"Great!" Julie groaned. She pinched a nipple and began slapping her pussy. "I'll call today and set it up. We'll go together. It's a bit of a drive."

"Yesssss YESSSS!! Cumming!!" Seeing Julie touching her enormous tits set Britnee off. She rocked and bucked in her bar stool, almost knocking it over as her orgasm washed over her.

Seeing Britnee cum triggered Julie's orgasm. The top-heavy blonde shook and shivered and gripped the bar as she moaned loud enough to wake the dead.

It was several minutes before the two busty sluts calmed down and composed themselves. Britnee shivered as she pulled her top back on and grinned at Julie.

"Woman, I don't what it is about you but e'ry time I see you I get ultra horny. Damn! That was fun."

Julie smiled and massaged her massive rack. "Oh, honey, it's just my girls here. Believe me, they make everybody horny. I don't mind. Now you said Lara was interested in getting implants? I think that's great! With her slim, tall body, a set of big, round, fake ones would look ultra hot! Can she come with us tomorrow?"

"Nah," Britnee replied. "She's gonna be installing some new servers for the website. Said it's gonna take all day. Heck, she just told me she wants 'em this mornin'. Shit! She's supposed ta pick me up soon. Oh, afore I forgets... Mama keeps mentioning she's thinking about getting her tits done and some other work. She wants a new look for when she gets married next month. And before you ask, no. We ain't takin Mama with us. The last thing you want is my mom in a car for more'n an hour. She gets kinda cranky in cars."

"I was going to say, we're just going to Richmond." Julie giggled.

"Richmond? We gotta stop at the fireworks barn! This time of year they got everything on clearance! We just gotta stop there!"

Why don't we worry about that tomorrow? There's Lara." Julie pulled her t-shirt back on.

Britnee jumped out of her seat and hugged Julie, planting a kiss on one of her enormous breasts. "Okay, boss! I mean, partner! Text me later about what time we meet up tomorrow!" She ran towards the door.

"So...?" Lara looked over at Britnee as they pulled out onto the street.

"So... Ima gonna be the biggest, bustiest fuck slut whatever did hit the internet! I said yes!" Britnee shouted. She leaned over and kissed Lara's cheek. We're gonna meet the surgeon tomorrow- wait! We're just goin' fer a consult. I told Julie about waiting a bit and she agrees. Gotta take care o' bidnizz first!"

"That's awesome, Boo! Didja tell her about me? I could come with an-"

"I told her, Boo, and she was excited. But, tomorrow I think it should be me n her, ya know. Besides, you gotta do all that techy stuff tomorrow and all." Britnee dug into her purse and fished out a pack of cigarettes.

"Aww, that bullshit!" Lara frowned. "If, if I didn't know better, Boo, I'd say you was sweet on her. Like, maybe you love her more'n you love me!" She sniffed and pretended to wipe a tear from her eye. 

Britnee rolled her eyes and stared hard at her friend. "Now don't be startin' that kinda shit, girl. You know damn well I only got eyes for you, Boo! Hell, it ain't like you don't eat every other pussy in sight e'ry chance you get. And, I see the way you look at Julie. You want her as much as I do. I was right under you when you latched onto her titties at the pool yesterday, remember?"

Lara laughed. "Yeah... bitch."

"Bitch? Ima bitch you in a minute!" Britnee giggled and shook her fist. "Seriously, I wanna go alone tomorrow cuz... well, I just don't quite trust her. I mean, you seen it. The way she like casts a spell over me every time she's near. You ever see me act the way I do with her with anyone else?" Lara shook her head. "Yeah, there's somethin' goin' on there and until we figure it out, I want you safe. So, I'm going tomorrow and make sure everything is square. Capish?"

Lara grinned. "Aww, Boo! You just wanna protect me? That's so sweet!" She leaned over to kiss Britnee.

"Watch the road!" Britnee shouted. 

Lara swerved to avoid running over a group of nuns crossing the street.

"So, what now? Britnee asked, picking up a roach from the ashtray and lighting it. "Shopping for masks, and we gotta check on the boys and see how the remodel's going. And we need some lunch then back home and git started making my porn archive... Damn, We are way to busy. I sometimes wish fer the old days, you know. Things were simpler back then."

Lara took a drag off the roach. "Back then? You mean, two months ago? Back when you were high, drunk and, stoned all the time? Back when you fucked anyone and everyone all the time?"

'Except Merle. Why Lara Elizabeth Stafford! I declare, if you keep talkin' like that, slanderin' my good name and spreadin' them lies, why, Ima start thinkin' maybe we should just part ways."

Lara shrugged. "Blow it out your ass, sister."

. 

"Ha!" Britnee cackled. "Ain't much chance of that! Frank made sure I ain't blowing nuthin' out my ass for days!" She farted unexpectedly and both girls burst into hysterical laughter. 

A few hours later, The two pulled up in front of Britnee's trailer laden down with bags and boxes from the day's errands. Once inside, Britnee flopped down on the couch and pulled out her phone. A few minutes later, she threw the phone towards the kitchen, obviously pissed off. Lara, who was busy putting their groceries away flicked out a hand and caught the device before it smashed into something.
