 (If anyone is interested, I will be posting a list of the models/performers who are mentioned but not named at the beginning of this chapter.) 

*****

"Damn... look at those!"

Britnee and Lara were sitting in bed looking at photos of current and former models and pornstars from the 90s and 2000s with large to extra large breast implants. The two had been to Richmond that morning for Lara and Brandee's consultation with Dr. Ritter. The meeting had gone well and both Lara and Brandee had scheduled procedures for the following week. Brandee had decided on a breast lift with 1000cc expander implants. Lara, after speaking to the doctor privately, had chosen to be a test subject for the "Smart Boobs" implants.

"Jesus,' Lara giggled, "Those are fucking huge but, the nipples are on the sides! Like, her tits rotated outward."

"Yeah but they're still fucking huge!" Britnee exclaimed. "I mean, Jesus Titty Fucking Christ! They're like twice the size of her head! I'm gettin' so horny right now."

"Says here she's the biggest in the world. She's definitely the biggest I've seen so far." Lara flipped through some more images. "She's got those 'silly string" implants, the ones the doctor said were banned now."

"So, she could keep on getting bigger and bigger no matter what," Britnee couldn't help but rub her pussy. "Fuck, that's so hot!" 

"Yeah... I love how they have sorta that watermelon shape. And look how far they project out from her chest. Let's see... Ah! There's a German girl who also proclaims to have the biggest implants... Oh. My. Fucking. God!" Lara practically threw her tablet across the room.

"Jesus!" Britnee slid her free hand between Lara's thighs. "It's like they stuffed basketballs in her chest and then overinflated them!"

"Shit, her nipples are almost gone. I can't believe they are so huge! Wait, she's got a cam site."

Lara's fingers danced on the screen for a few moments. "There."

They lay side by side watching a cam video of the woman pulling her top up, showing her truly enormous tits off, dancing, frigging her cleavage with her hand and slapping her incredible tits together. When it was over, Lara and Britnee looked at each other in amazement

"Oh, fuck yeah," Britnee grinned, "That size. Bigger. Ima be bigger than that one day. Then, we gonna fly to Germany and find that bitch and I'm gonna have a titty fight with her."

"Slow down, champ, take a look at this girl."

"Ha! She looks like Steven Tyler in drag! With huge tits. Seriously, those tits are sweet but that face..."

Lara giggled. "She's some kinda dominatrix... Eww... her tits are webbed. Great tits though. Now here's what I'm shooting for."

"Penelope who," Britnee sat up. "Those are some sweet tits! Damn, Boo, she looks a lot like you!"

"Yeah, she's another German. God! Look at her piercings. And those toenails..." Lara grimaced. "But, those are the size and shape I want... eventually."

The model in question had a pair of enhanced breasts that were spherical in shape and a little more than twice the size of baseballs.

Britnee rubbed pussy and, Lara's a little faster. "They hang quite a bit. You really like them hardcore round types, huh?"

Lara nodded. "I do. I love the fakeness of them. It's so... fake. And look at this. She's had 'em like, a really long time. I bet they're heavy as fuck." She shuddered as a small wave of pleasure washed over her. "Yeah, those."

Britnee snuggled up to Lara and kissed her shoulder. "Sweet. You're gonna look so hot. You're so pretty! I love you, Boo."

"I love you too, Boo," Lara replied. "So you like any of these?"

"Yeah but... Hey, wait. Go back... yeah! Her...look! She's got my braids! And her tits! They're perfect!"

"Wow... those are hot!" Lara pressed her thighs together, trapping Britnee's hand on her pussy. "The size... the shape is so perfect... look at her nipples..." Lara looked at Britnee.

"They look just like yours! Jesus, Boo. She could be your older twin sister!"

"Damn... keep swiping. Fuck they're like melon-shaped and teardrop. I gotta have that shape! And size."

The model was a feature dancer from the early 2000s. She had appeared on a few daytime talk shows and even had a small part in an Insane Clown Posse movie. Sadly, she retired within a few years of XXL big-bust model.

Britnee felt her orgasm building. "Boo, we gotta learn everything we can about this Beebee chick. I mean, look at her skin. It's so perfect. Everything about her is..."

----

"Oh, Frank," Brandee groaned softly," Your cock is so wonderful..."

She lay next to Frank stroking his chest as they basked in the afterglow of hot, passionate lovemaking. He draped his arm around her shoulders as she pressed her big tits against him. Brandee could still feel her wet, cum filled pussy pulse and flex with the remains of an orgasm that had almost caused her to pass out. The sheets beneath her were wet with the combination of his cum and her cunt juices.

"You're wonderful, baby," Frank replied, kissing the top of her head. His insanely huge, twelve-inch cock was still hard and throbbing as it lightly slapped against his belly.

Brandee traced her fingertips over the length of the pulsing, fat vein that ran the length of his immense shaft. "If you fuck my daughter tomorrow half as good as y'all fucked me tonight, you're gonna be the biggest porn stud in history!"

She grabbed his prick and playfully pointed it at the ceiling. "From the looks of it, you already are!" She snorted and laughed at her own joke.

Frank shrugged. "Yeah, I guess."

Brandee looked at him, concerned. "Baby, what's wrong? You getting cold feet? You ain't nervous, are ya?"

"No, it's just... I dunno...Guess I'm shy is all."

"Now Frank," Brandee rolled onto his chest and held his face in her hands. "You ain't got nuthin' to be shy about. Jesus, you got the biggest, fattest, tastiest cock in the world not to mention a sack I cain't even hold in both hands!" Frank started to object but, Brandee placed a finger over his lips. "And my God, you're a hunk. So handsome and those muscles on that tall, lean, sexy frame... I gets wet just thinkin' about your abs."

"That's just it," Frank groaned. "Don't get me wrong, I love what we have and what Britnee and I have and I love all the hot pussy you girls give me but, I'm a freak! After tomorrow, I'll be that freak on the internet with the giant cock. That's all."

Brand kissed him deeply and passionately. "Baby boy, You are not a freak. You hear me? You are a God! My God! I thank Jesus every day for putting you in my life! And tomorrow when you're plowing my daughter's cunt, the whole world will know you for the God you truly are. Now, I know you had a rough time growing up. Lord, them kids at school shore bullied you but good. Hell, you shoulda got some therapy or somethin' but, your parents weren't no richer than me. So... make tomorrow your therapy. Make every scene you shoot your therapy. Use me and Britnee and all of them, little whores, we put in front of you and take out all that rage and sadness and pain on our little holes. Cuz, baby, you the best man I ever did meet and you make me a better woman than I ever was before."

Frank saw the truth in her eyes. At that moment, his love for Brandee grew deeper than he could have ever imagined. "Yes," he said.

"Yes?"

"Yes. I'll be the greatest porn stud ever. I'll be the man every other man envies. And I'll love every minute of it."

Tears streamed down Brandee's cheeks. "Oh, baby! We're gonna be so happy!"

Frank wrapped his arms around his older fiance and rolled on top of her. He kissed Brandee passionately. "And now," he grinned, pinning her legs back and sliding the enormous tip of his enormous cock into her cum sloppy pussy, "How about some of that therapy you were talking about."

Frank drove his hips forward, burying his footlong cock deep in her tight hole. Brandee screamed and showered Frank with kisses all over his face and neck as he pounded her stretched out cunt.

----

"Oooo yeah, baby! Lick me right there! Eat my fucking pussy!!"

Lara wailed and pulled Britnee's head tighter to her cunt. She bucked and thrashed against the tiny blonde's tongue. "Oh, Boo! You're making me cum!"

Britnee snorted and licked Lara's hole. She sucked on the trembling clit and groaned into the wet, hot flesh.

"Baby, you taste so good!" Britnee gushed, coming up for air.

Lara pulled her up to a deep kiss. "Boo, no one eats me the way you do. I love fucking you."

"I love fucking you too, Boo. More'n anybody." Britnee replied, softly.

They lay, cuddling for a few minutes, enjoying their intimacy. Britnee sat up suddenly.

"Boo? Something wrong?" Lara looked confused.

"No, I just had an idea." Britnee grabbed Lara's tablet and started tapping. "I'm gonna put a bunch of these pics on a flash drive an' show Dr. Creepy exactly what I want. I'll do a bunch of yours too. By the way, did yer friend ever get back to you about those samples we gave him?"

Lara rolled over on her side and yawned. "Yeah... said it's gonna take time... several different DNA strands... lots of people in that room, I guess..." Lara drifted off to sleep.

Britnee looked at her friend for a moment then began typing. "Pheremones... Thank you, auto-correct! Now, lemme see..."

----

"There's what?" Julie stopped rubbing her labia and sat up. 

"I said there's a little glitch on one of the security feeds. Not sure what it is," Rob replied.

The husband and wife were Skyping. Julie was on the road again. They often shared mutual masturbation sessions via the video app when Julie was out of town.

"What kind of glitch?" Julie tried to stay in the mood by pinching her nipple.

"It's the camera looking into your dressing room. One moment, the room's empty the next, you're sitting at your makeup table."

"So?... stroke it for me, big boy..."

"So... God, I love your tits... The feed doesn't show you entering the room. You're just there all of a sudden." Rob fisted his hard cock faster.

Julie stopped teasing her nipple. "That sounds like someone doctored the recording! Shit!"

"Baby, what... who...?"

"Sorry, hun, I gotta go."

"But-"

"I'll call you back in an hour. Don't worry." Julie closed the connection and threw her laptop at the wall. She picked up her phone and flicked the screen. "Yes. This is Julie. Get me the Director. Now!"

----

Britnee looked at the two men lying on her bed. They were members of her crew, The Mope Squad, and a pair of new studs for her porn company. Today, she was giving them a little on-camera experience. "You guys ready?" She asked then nodded to Larry. "Like we discussed, real tight shot of me down in his crotch then pull back as I come up and frame just me and these cocks. Nice and closeup like."

Larry nodded. "Anytime you're ready."

Britnee had instructed the men, Eddie and Joe, to lie on opposite ends of the bed so that their pelvises met in the middle. It had taken a few minutes for the studs to get used to having their cocks and balls touching but they did as they were told and stroked their cocks to full erections with encouragement from the boss. 

Britnee nodded again and lay on her belly, grasping a hard cock in each hand. Eddie's, in her left hand, was only eight inches long but as thick as a beer can at the root, Joe's was nine inches and thinner than Eddies with a smaller, tapered head. Both cocks were rock hard with thick veins that pulsed with desire and excitement.

Britnee took Eddie's cock in her mouth and slowly sucked it's length into her throat. She squeezed the base with her thumb and forefinger as she took it to the root, burying her nose in Eddie's pubes. She groaned as the fat cock filled her throat. Then, she lifted herself off, slowly, inch by throbbing inch until just the tip was still in her mouth. She looked at the camera with eyes half closed with lust and slowly licked the pulsing head.

"Mmm... Slup! I love sucking cock," she moaned. "Mmmm mmm mmm mmm..."

Larry had her face and both cocks framed perfectly. He grinned and gave Britnee a thumbs up. Britnee stroked the twin cocks slowly before diving on Joe's throbbing prick, taking it down her throat in one long motion.

"Goddamn, that's good cock," Britnee groaned. She licked the head then licked the other. She went back and forth, licking the two cocks and slurping up the precum they produced. She smiled at the camera and rubbed the throbbing dicks against each other before diving on Eddie's and sucking the length into her throat.

"Hi, folks," She gasped as she came up for air. "Britnee here. Slurrrpppp! I gotta tell ya, mmmm... Fuck you taste so good... tell ya about this new scene I'm shooting... Slup, Glahhh glahh glahhhhh..."

Britnee choked herself on Joe's big dick before drooling her spit all over it. She rubbed the cocks together, smearing both with her slimy juices. 

"God, just thinking about it makes me so horny, I just gotta suck some dick..." she licked the heads and pushed her lips around both, stretching her mouth. "Pop! And you all know how much I love to suck dick... Slurrrp! Slurrrp!... Anyway..." 

She continued stroking, licking and sucking the hard, fat cocks in her hands as she spoke. "We got this new guy... He's fucking huge... I mean, HUGE! And I'm gonna, oh fuck... gonna try an' fuck him for ya... This guy has the biggest, fattest, longest, meanest cock... Ohhhh... I ever seen... Oh, FUCK!!"

Britnee bent her head and started shaking. She fisted the two cocks and jerked them faster as she twitched uncontrollably. For a full minute, she shook then she looked up at the camera and took several deep breaths.

"I just came," she moaned. "Tha's how horny this new stud gets me..."

Britnee took a few deep breaths as she looked at the two throbbing cocks with renewed lust. "Ohhh..." She attacked the heavy pricks, stroking them faster as she sucked one then the other, back and forth, coaxing the cum from their heavy balls.

"Mmmphll.. You know I'm fuckin' horny when I'm suckin' two dicks!" She rubbed the hard cocks together, licking the heads and forcing them between her lips. "Mmmllll Mmmuuuhhh Mlluummulll... C'mon, boys... gimme that cum. Paint my fuckin' face!"

She teased the bloated tips with her tongue and tickled the soft skin just below. Eddie blew first, shooting a wad just as Britnee's tongue touched his hole. The shot ricocheted across her face, pasting her eye shut. The lust-crazed slut squealed with delight and caught the next few wads in her mouth. She greedily gulped it down as Joe unloaded his cum, spraying Britnee's face and hair. Britnee sucked hard as Joe filled her throat. She tilted her head back and grinned open-mouthed as the two cocks erupted and wad after wad of hot, milky jizz crisscrossed her face. 

Joe and Eddie painted her face for a full minute as Britnee moaned and laughed and egged them on. Their cocks throbbed as they belched out the last pumps of cum, coating her fists as Britnee lapped at the sticky goo.

"I'm tellin' ya, folks, You just gotta check out my new vid..." She spat jizz on the trembling, twitching cocks as she continued stroking them slowly. "This new guy gonna drown me in cum... Great job, by the way, guys... Check back in a few days, folks and see me try an' tame the biggest cock in the world! Later... Britnee Busted XXX ou-GAAkk!!... "Ha! Oh Fuck, Larry!"

Larry had cut her off with a jizz shot right in her mouth. Britnee cackled and laughed as he added to the dripping, slimy checkerboard of cum her face had become. 

"Yah been savin' up, huh, stud," Britnee giggled as Larry faded out and yelled "CUT!"

"This is the hottest fucking trailer in the history of social media," Lara gushed as she watched the short vid on her tablet. "Boo, we've had 3.2 million hits already and we just uploaded this two hours ago! Site membership spiked by 7%!"

"Shit! Then they gonna bust all over themselves when they see the follow-up trailer, "Airtight Trailer Park Trash"!" Britnee leaned back and took a long pull from the whiskey bottle in her hand.

"Boo, that was one of the hottest scenes we've shot! Filming you getting fucked by Larry and those guys with all their jizz still on your face... I loved shooting that!" Lara took the bottle and drank.

"Yeah, and Joe's dick felt great in my ass. Fit like a glove! We trained them mopes right! They can fuck, I tells ya..." Britnee lit a cigarette. "So... We gonna do this thing?"

Lara handed the bottle back. "Yeah, everything's ready. Gotta say I love the name Frank came up with."

"Yeah... We had some good ones but he picked a winner. And that mask! Damn, it's fucking badass! You think he's ready"

"Ha! Your mom, Nomi and Tina are making sure of it right now, If they don't kill him first."

Britnee took another drink and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "That Nomi is a one-woman cock-wrecking machine. Hell, we already got like, a dozen scenes done with her this week already. That girl's a serious freak."

Lara hit a joint. "That scene where Clem handcuffed her to that workbench and fucked her ass raw...? I could cum right now thinking about it..."

"Yeah..." Britnee traded the booze for the weed. "But, we gotta get more girls. When that remodel on the hotel is finished, we gonna have us a real, professional production studio and I want that place running 24/7!"

I know, babe, but most of the girls at the club be fuckin' bitches and tweakers. Who knows what kinda shit they got between them skanky thighs. Won't do any good to have a studio full of studs with the clap or worse." Lara made a face. "We do have that new girl coming over later."

"You mean, Tiffany? That skinny little thing what looks like she's in Jr High? She's pretty, but she got no tits!"

Lara grinned. Yeah, but she loves the D, And she can eat pussy like a pro." 

Britnee feigned jealousy. "Oh, she can, can she?"

Lara smirked. "Better than you, Boo."

"Oh really..." Britnee grabbed her friend, The two kissed and giggled and shrieked as they enjoyed a short tickle fight. "Shit... my makeup is gonna get messed up... Yeah, bring her in... We'll have the twins core out her asshole..."

Lara dabbed a finger on the corner of Britnee's mouth. "I love it when you talk like that. Okay, girl, it's time. Let's do the prep pics and get you ready." Lara stood and reached for her camera. 

Britnee stood and ran her hands over her outfit. "How do I look?"

"Awesome as always. Hey, Larry."

"Yeah," Britnee replied. "Larry? Keep yer dick in yer pants today, okay? I gotta concentrate."

Larry shrugged and stuffed his cock back in his pants. "Anytime you're ready, Brit."

Let's go." Britnee shook her head and shimmied. "Okay."

Larry pointed his camera at her feet and moved slowly up to her face. For the scene with Frank, Britnee had chosen a pair of silver, stiletto sandals, and a simple, sheer white skirt over a pair of white, fishnet legging. Her top was also a skintight, white fishnet half shirt with long sleeves. It fit just over her heavy, round tits and left her tanned midriff bare. She had chosen a simple, no makeup makeup look with a pale shade of pink lip gloss. Her mass of braids was tied back with a black scrunchy. No bra, no panties.

Britnee gazed, expressionless, at the camera. She shifted her weight to one foot and brought hands up to caress her face. She traced her fingers down, over the swell of her tits and the soft skin of her flat belly. She stopped just above the waistband of her skirt and smiled at the camera.

She turned, bending her knees slightly and thrust her hip towards Larry who framed her gloriously round ass perfectly. Britnee slid her hand up her thigh pulling the hem of her skirt up before turning back and facing the camera. She lifted her skirt up, showing off her freshly shaven, puffy mound. Larry zoomed in on a small drop of moisture hung from the tight slit of her cunt. As he pulled back, Britnee traced a finger over her slit and brought it up to her lips and kissed her fingertip.
