 Author's note: Thanks again for all the views, ratings and favorites! As always,

All Characters in this fictional story are over the age of 18.

*****

Britnee woke up feeling like a Mack truck had run over her head and backed up and ran over her head again. She had trouble remembering where she was until she heard the light snoring of Lara sleeping next to her. She tried to open her eyes but one of them was glued shut. Then she felt the sticky, dry film all over her body.

"Uuggghhhh," she croaked, "Now I remember..."

She belched, tasting all the pussy and cum and cock and booze she had guzzled the night before and felt the nausea building in her belly.

"GaaaWaaaahhh," she coughed and tried to sit up but her hair was glued to the mattress.Jerking her head free caused a new wave of pain and nausea to wash over her and she rolled onto the floor and crawled as best she could to the bathroom. Once inside, Britnee prayed to the porcelain God for a good 10 minutes. Then, she dry heaved for another ten minutes before she had the strength to stand up and grab some pre-mixed douches, which she applied to her sore, overused pussy and her even more sore ass. Nothin' like feeling clean, she thought. She rinsed the foul taste from her mouth with water and mouthwash before heading to the kitchen.

Grabbing a bottle of orange juice from the fridge, Britnee gulped down half the contents and chased it down with some vodka. She shook her head and started feeling alive when she noticed Jayden asleep on the sofa. 

"How'd he get over there", she wondered, taking another swig of vodka.Then she noticed the raging hard-on between his legs. "...Shit... Might as well put it to good use!"

Kneeling next to the sofa, the still drunk slut took Jayden's long dick and placed it between her oversized, perfect tits and proceeded to slowly stroke the heavy prick. Globs of salty precum drooled out of the pisshole and helped lubricate Britnee's hot flesh. She squeezed her round, heavy juggs tighter against the throbbing cock and licked the thick liquid oozing out, moaning softly as she drank her breakfast. The petite teenager loved tit fucking a fat cock, feeling the hard, throbbing flesh massaging her tits made her cream, and before long, her cunt responded by growing wet and heating up. 

Britnee kept pumping the freakishly huge cock with her fat, round, firm tits as she bent and sucked on the pulsing, purple cockhead. Her hips gyrated and humped the air and, even though she had just puked out multiple loads of cum, she wanted more! Jayden's cock gave her what she needed and spit it's juice out in heavy wads! Britnee choked down the first few blasts then came up for air, allowing the belching cock to slash its jizz onto her sweet tits and well in the deep tight cleavage encasing it. 

Britnee stood up as Lara walked into the room, "Jeez, Brit! Don't you ever get enough," Lara asked, grinning from ear to ear.

"It was hard and it was there," Britnee shrugged and belched, which caused her nausea to rise again. "You always so cheerful in the mornin'"

"Yes! Yes I am, Boo! Especially after a night like last night!"'

Britnee held her head, "I feel like Death gouged out my eyes and skull-fucked me! There's some douches in the bathroom if'n you need 'em."

Lara skipped towards the kitchen, "Already taken care of! Both holes, thank you! You taught me that, Boo!" 

Britnee followed her and stopped to kiss her friend. "Gahh! You taste like a a three dollar hooker on payday!"

Lara giggled, "Such a nice girl... Not! Baby, we both smell like shit! I still love you, though!"

"Then how about you make a few OJ and vodkas while I get in the shower," Britnee replied, sniffing the air. "Then, you get a shower. Then, we'll stop by my mom's n grab some breakfast."

A hot shower with lots of soap and shampoo did little to kill Britnee's hangover but, she did feel somewhat more awake and ready for a visit with her mom. She returned to the small living room dressed in a loose t-shirt knotted just below her delicious, huge tits and a pair of tight spandex shorts cut high enough to expose a third of her equally delicious, round buttcheeks. 

She was greeted by the sight of Lara on her knees inhaling the still throbbing hard cock of Jayden, who was still passed out cold on the sofa. Britnee grabbed her drink from a table and sipped, watching with approval as she squeezed one of her swollen tits through her shirt.

Lara had half the massive dick in her mouth and she jerked a few times before pulling herself off and wiping her lips, scooping a dollop of jizz back inside her mouth.

"See? I swallowed it all," she grinned at Britnee just as a stray wad splattered her face. 

"Umm, almost all."

Britnee smirked, "And I'm the nympho?"

Lara shrugged and finished her drink. "My turn," she sang, scampering towards the bathroom. "Hey, can I borrow some clothes? Mine smell kinda funky!"

"Sure, help yourself," Britnee called out, shoving Jayden's feet out of the way so she could sit down. 

She began rolling a joint as she drank her morning cocktail, stopping to look at the still throbbing cock of her idiot stud. Britnee looked at the cock, at Jayden's peaceful face, cocked her head and thought, 'Why not?'

She grabbed the hefty prick as it lay on his belly and started stroking it, aiming it at Jayden's face. In less than a minute, the fat prick jerked out another orgasm, spraying the sleeping moron with his own cum! Britnee giggled uncontrollably, dropped the dick and rubbed her head. Humor wasn't helping her hangover.

Lara emerged from the bathroom wearing a pair of black yoga pants and a simple black vest. Her makeup was the same as the day before except for the neon pink lipstick.

"It matches your pussy," Lara grinned, kissing Britnee on the lips. 

"C'mon," Britnee said, reaching for her sunglasses, "Let's get this done!"

The morning sun hit Britnee like a hammer. She struggled to keep upright and light the joint as they walked over to her mother's trailer. Stepping foot inside the home Brandee shared with Merle was not something she enjoyed and her anger only made her headache worse.

Brandee, answered the door wearing a short, flimsy robe that left nothing to the imagination and holding a tall glass of water with a celery stalk.

"Britnee stepped in and looked around, "He ain't here, is he, Mama?" 

"No, dear," Brandee smiled, sipping on her drink. "You girls want one?

"Britnee shrugged, "Water and celery?"

Brandee laughed, "No, silly girl. I was making a Bloody Mary and ran out of tomato juice... so... Sure you don't want one?"

"Nah, I had enough booze for one morning already," Britnee replied.

"Beer?"

"Sure. Beer works." Britnee sat on a kitchen chair.

"Hi, I'm Brit's friend, Lara," Lara smiled, extending a hand and ogling Brandee's mostly naked body. "Can I have one of those Bloody Marys?"

Brandee turned, letting her robe fall open and smiled seductively at Lara, "Of, course, dear. Let me fetch one for you."

Brandee's robe was short enough that it ended just above her hips. As she bent over to look in the fridge, she gave the girls a view of her naked, round ass.

"Jeez, mom," Britnee yelled! "Cover up for Christ's sake!"

"Or don't," Lara yelled, elbowing her friend.

"Why'd ya have us come all the way over here anyways," Britnee ask, sipping on her beer.

"Now don't get all riled up when I tells you, but I think Merle has been spyin' on you. 'Seems he's all pissed at you and keeps swearin' he'll get his revenge and... well..."

She tapped the laptop sitting on the kitchen table. A website appeared with a video playing. Britnee pulled off her sunglasses and watched, her face changing from curiosity to surprise to rage as she saw herself on the screen fucking the Gulliver twins in her bedroom.

"Why, I'm gonna fuckin kill that bastard! Then i'm gonna break his legs and beat the shit outta him with them! I'm gon-"

Brandee clicked a link. "There's more..."

The video changed to a scene from the orgy from the night before. Lara's eyes grew big and her jaw dropped to the floor.

Brandee sighed, "It seems my husband has started a website an' he's makin' money offa you two."

Britnee was so furious, she couldn't speak. Brandee put her arm around her and led her to the couch. "Now jus' calm down, baby girl. We'll figure somethin' out.

Lara asked if she could use the laptop as Brandee did her best to soothe her daughter's anger while Lara began clicking away on the laptop's keyboard. 

"So," Britnee asked, lighting a cigarette, " Who's Mr. Donkey Dick?"

Brandee's face lit up, "You 'member my friend, Cloris? Used ta live over on Dry Leaf road? It's her son! Frank! And he's such a -"

"Wait! Just wait a minute," Britnee half shouted, shaking her head! "You mean, Frank Maple? Scrawny geek, Frank Maple? He was the biggest nerd in school!"

Britnee downed her beer and looked at her mother with a mix of confusion and aggravation.

"Well, he may have been a nerd back then, but, now's he's a very handsome, nice young man. He was so helpful at the Food n Save... That's where he works, and so polite and friendly! And his Cock!" Brandee held a hand to her cheek, "You saw it! It is the most beautiful peice of dickmeat I ever did see! I swear, oh my Gawd!! It is so big! And he cums so much! I swear there must be somethin' in the water!"

Britnee nodded, "I think I know what you mean..."

"Anyway... I was so excited, I just had to tell you! And..." Brandee leaned closer to her daughter, "He was a virgin!"

Britnee laughed, "Mama! Did you make a man outta him? Did You pop his cherry?"

"Oh, you hush! Maybe I'll change my mind about sharing him..."

"Sharing him? You want me to fuck him?"

"Well... I was thinkin'... You could... an' we could... an' he is sooo big! It's almost too much fer one woman! Besides, you got a birthday comin' up. It could be like a birthday present!"

"My birthday was three months ago."

"Christmas then! You know, we could make it a family thing. Not to mention, you could introduce me to those two boys you been messin' with."

Brandee groaned, "You mean Jay n Jed. Yeah, I guess I could... but be careful Mama, they ain't no virgins. Those boys can Fuck! An' fuck hard! Just ask Lara!"

"Oh, I think I can manage," Brandee slid a finger down over her slit.

Britnee frowned, "What about Merle?"

Brandee sighed and sipped her drink. "What about him? Hell, he's so busy filming you n building that thing in the shed, he's hardly ever around. 'Sides, his health ain't what it used to be and he ain't gonna live forever. Of course, if he was to have an accident... or his heart ever gave out... Then I could marry Frank and everything'd be gravy!"

Britnee coughed, "Mama? Accident? Heart attack? Marry Frank Maple? Ar you thinkin' about what I think yer thinkin' about?"

"Well... Merle is clumsy, and he don' get no exercise... I mean, the doctor gave him some pills for his heart and something else for the concussions... what if the pills got mixed up? That's all I'm sayin'..."

Britnee cocked her head and looked at her mother, "Mama, you ain't always been the best mom, and lord knows, you're a peice of work... but, I'm beginning to like you! Okay! I'll meet this Frank tomorrow and show him what a tight pussy feels like!"

Brandee cried and wrapped her daughter in a bear hug! "Baby, that's all I ever wanted!"

Britnee waited a moment and patted her mother's back. "Okay. Okay, Mama. Mama get off me... Mama!"

The two women sat back and watched tv while Lara continued working on the laptop.

"Done," Lara exclaimed, turning around to face the women. "Boo, you are now the proud owner of a porno website!"

"Yeah" replied Britnee, staring at the tv. "What the fuck they thinkin' they can get that tree outta that swamp withoiut a back-hoe? Idiots!" She looked up. "What? I'm a what?

Lara walked over and repeated herself, "You, Britnee Lain, are now the proud owner of your very own porn website! You're gonna be an Internet Amateur Pornstar! And, don't worry, Mrs. Brandee, I made sure you get to keep all the money your husband made in the last few weeks! It's kinda technical but, I'll explain everything to Brit later."

"Good," Britnee said rising off the couch. "C'mon, I getting hungry!"

Brandee hugged and kissed her daughter then, hugged Lara and shoved her tongue down the young woman's throat and groped her pussy. Lara yelped and giggled and blushed and waved as she followed Britnee out the door. Britnee looked at her and grimaced. Pulling out her phone, she texted Jay, telling him to grab Jed and head over to Brandee's trailer. "Because She Wants To Fuck You" she replied when Jayden asked why. 

As they drove out of the trailer park, Britnee told Lara to stop at Jayden and Jed's place. She walked over to their truck and rummaged around in the back, returning with a few boxes.

"How about a new phone," she grinned at her friend, holding up a small box. "A new tablet? Laptop?"

Lara grinned, "what's all that for?"

"Well, If we're gonna be internet stars, shouldn;t we have the latest tech to go with it?"

"Boo, you are so smart," Lara gushed. "You think of everything!"

---

Rob was in his office, on the phone. "Whadaya mean, 10 per cent more! I'm already going broke paying off the interest- No! No, I know what happens if I don't pay! You don't have to threaten me!... Fine! I'll get the money!" He slammed the phone down, "Asshole!"

As he was finishing the call, a tall, stunningly beautiful woman with platinum blonde hair, the body of a swimsuit model and bright, piercing blue eyes walked in. She was wearing a pair of silver stiletto heels and a white thong bikini and nothing else.Her name was Julie Juggs and she had an enormous pair of surgically enhanced tits They were the size of bowling balls though somewhat more oval in shape with large areolas and eraser hard nipples that stuck out a quarter of an inch! Julie's tits were so big, they projected out from her chest a good 9 inches! Her website listed her bust at 56KKK! That measurement was in centimeters, her actual size was closer to 36GG.

Julie was Rob's wife and business partner. When she wasn't working at the club, she was traveling the country as a "feature dancer", touring and doing shows at upscale strip clubs. Men traveled from all over to get a glimpse of her humongous melons and she was extremely well paid to do so. Rob watched his wife walk across the room and felt his cock grow hard. 12 years of marriage had done little to diminish his lust for her. Having a pair of big, fake tits didn't hurt either. He pushed his chair back as his wife stepped in front of him and leaned against the desk.

"That Russian again," she asked.

"Yeah," Rob replied. "They want more money. Just like the last time." He looked up at his wife. From his vantage point, he could only see her eyes, her massive tits blocked his view.

"I told you this would happen, didn't I? Get involved with the mob and,"

"No good can come of it! I know, I know," Rob made a face. "But, now...Hell! Without them, this club would just be another hole. Now, we're about to go big time and with your face, and tits on the marquee, there's no telling how big we'll get! We just gotta figure out a way to get these Eurotrash thugs off our backs!"

Julie knelt down between her husband's legs and started undoing his pants. "Don't worry, baby, We'll figure something out. Now let Julie Juggs take away all that stress!"

She pulled Rob's pants down and pressed her massive tits around his raging 8-inch hard-on! Rob sighed and shifted in his seat to give her more room to work with. No matter how many times he saw his wife's fake tits or, how many times he fucked those huge tits, Rob never got tired of them. They were the most amazing tits he had ever seen on the most amazing woman he had ever known and his lust for her never dwindled!

Groaning as he watched Julie drool spit down her cleavage to lube his cock, rob grew even harder. Julie's tits were so heavy and firm yet so soft to the touch, Rob involuntarily flexed his hard cock as she slowly pumped him. 

"I hear there's a new girl starting tonight," Ju;ie said, feeling her pussy grow wet. She loved tit fucking Rob as much as he did.

"Yeah," Rob sighed, "Sexy little thing. And I mean tiny! Looks about 15, but her paperwork checks out. Big ass, too! Bigger tits!"

"Fakes?"

"No, they're real, just way too big for her frame. About the size of grapefruit! God, that's good!"

On the upstroke, Julie squeezed her tits harder, trapping Rob's throbbing cockhead between the fattest part of her flesh melons and began to quickly jerk up and down, knowing this drove her husband crazy!

"You fuck her, "she huffed, grinning up at Rob's contorted expression.

"Uhhh God! No, not yet! You know our rule... Jesus! I love it when you do that!"

Julie and Rob enjoyed a fairly open marriage.They had one rule, Always Let The Other One Know! It was a rule that worked and, had even enhanced their relationship.

Julie returned to her steady, rhythmic humping. The feel of a hard, throbbing cock between her gigantic breasts excited her greatly and, she moaned softly. Rob was moaning as well, the sight of the two globes of tit flesh enveloping his cock was enough to get his cum filled nuts to explode and he knew it would happen sooner than later!

Feeling his cock growing even harder, Julie picked up the pace, fucking him faster and grinding her perfect, fake tits against his belly! "C'mon, fucker," she hissed, looking up into his eyes, "Give me that load! Give me your hot cum-load!" She pumped his hard, fat cock faster and pressed her massive juggs tighter against him! The pleasure was too much for Rob and he groaned loudly as he felt his balls empty!

"Oh, Yessss! Here it Comes," He yelled!

His cockhead was buried in Julie's cleavage when the eruption started, her huge tits smothering the heavy load! The next several wads splashed her neck and chin. Rob's bloated, cum spewing prick soaked her tits and belly as she continued stroking him with her tits, the sticky jizz lubricating the heavy flesh!

Julie was horny as hell and needed some relief herself! As Rob was still cumming, she released his cock, pulled off her thong and sat her dripping cunt onto his dick!

"Fill me, baby," she cried! Fill me with that beautiful dick!"

Rob grabbed her enormous tits and thrust up into her, filling her with cock and cum! Julie slammed her ass down on his pelvis, moaning as she fucked her husband silly! Rob matched her furious pace, thrust for thrust, stroke for stroke! He squeezed her round tits as hard as he could as he pounded her twitching pussy! In just a few, short minutes, it was Julie's turn to explode!

"Oh, Baby," she cried, "Here it comes! Yes yes yes yes YESSSS!!"

Julie slumped against her husband as her cunt twitched around his cock! Her heavy, fake tits pressed into him as her orgasm washed over her, leaving her limp with sweet exhaustion. The wo held each other, cuddling, for a few minutes before Julie sat up and looked lovingly at Rob.

"I swear your cock is getting bigger. Not to mention your orgasms are a lot more powerful..."

Rob grinned, "Yeah, you may be right. Maybe there's something in the water!"

Julie stood and gave his cock a squeeze, "Whatever it is, I'm not complaining. Oh, by the way... I'll have a meeting with the girls later. You know, what with the new girl and everything. Make sure she knows the rules and all."

Rob stuffed his prick back in his pants. "I think she's a friend of that waitress... Lara, I think."

"Great," Julie shrugged, "Another crazy one..."

"I thought you were all crazy," Rob chuckled, standing and massaging his wife's humongous, enhanced tits.

"Keep talkin', baby," Julie grinned, "and you'll see how long it is before you see these girls again!" She wrapped her arms over her tits and walked to the door.
