 Once again, Thanks for all the views and Favs and ratings!

As always, All characters are over the age of 18. 

*****

"MotherFucker!!"

Britnee pounded her fist on the sofa cushion as she gasped for air! She spit on the massive 12-inch cock in her hand! The cock belonged to Frank Maple, a former classmate, and new lover of Brandee, Britnee's mom. The enormous, horn shaped prick was already covered in Britnee's spit. Spit was drooling from Her mouth as well and, there was a long, stringy gob of it dripping from her chin to the tiny fist she had wrapped around Frank's throbbing shaft! Well, almost wrapped! Frank's cock was too thick for Britnee's fingers to get all the way around. It was too thick for her to throat more than the first eight inches and she had spent the past thirty minutes trying to get the last four inches down her gullet!

Britnee's face was contorted with a mixture of rage and awe, "How in the Fuck can you have such a fucking, ginormous cock? I mean, Jesus Fucking Christ! I ain't never seen a cock so goddamn big! I cain't get my hand around it! I cain't even swallow the fucker proper like! What the fuck, Frank?!?"

Frank trembled as he looked down at the petite teen kneeling at his feet. He shifted on the sofa as he frowned, "Sorry, Brit, I'm terribly sorry," were the only words he could say.

Britnee punched Frank in the arm, ignoring his cry of pain. "Don' you Ever say yer sorry fer havin' a huge, fat foot long cock, Frank! Don't you ever apologize fer this here miracle! This cock is amazin' an' you should be proud!"

Her anger was subsiding and she slid her fingers up and down the glistening shaft. She took her time, mostly to catch her breath and try to think of a way to fit all 12 inches down her throat, but also because she was mesmerized by the enormous donkey dick!

"Have you always been this huge,"Britnee asked, looking into Frank's eyes as she teased his piss-hole with her tongue. "I mean, if us girls had known what you were packin' back in school, we woulda been a whole lot nicer to ya. Lord knows I'm sorry I ever teased you the way I used ta! "

Frank smiled at the petite slut, "It's okay. High school was a long time ago and we all grew up I guess. But, no. I was below average. My dick was only about four inches hard back in school. Until Junior year, then I started a new therapy my dermatologist offered for my acne. You remember how bad it was? Yeah, well... a few weeks after I started taking these pills, my face started clearing up and my dick started growing! Don't ask me how, but it grew, my balls got bigger, and I stay hard no matter how much I cum!" 

Britnee nodded. Frank had already cum three times during her attempts to fully devour his cock.

"And the way I cum," Frank continued, "It's like a damn fire hose!"

Britnee rolled her eyes in agreement. Frank had his first orgasm while Britnee had been stroking his massive log and the first blast of spunk hit her in the forehead so hard, it knocked her on her ass and she actually blacked out for a moment!

----

The evening had started out simply enough, Frank had been at home, masturbating to the memories of his first ever sexual experience with Britnee's mom the day before. Brandee had taken his virginity while her husband, Merle was unconscious on the floor not 15 feet away and then professed her love for him as she drove him back to his job. She had even given him his first ever blowjob, an act that was even better than Frank had ever dreamed possible!

Then his phone beeped and he saw the text from Britnee along with a pic she sent of herself in nothing but a towel! Frank remembered her from school. She had been one of the hotties Frank had lusted after but knew he could never have and she had been one among many who teased him for being a pimply faced nerd. She hadn't been the worst of his tormentors but all the same, Frank was leery about responding. Then another text arrived. Britnee explained that her mom had given her Frank's number and suggested they hook up!

Frank was deeply infatuated with Brandee and not just because she had been his first and only lover. Frank was smitten by Brandee's physical beauty as well as her buoyant personality. And now, here was Britnee, an almost carbon copy of her mother, offering herself to Frank and his cock! What did he have to lose? He decided not much and responded he was on his way over! 

Nothing in his life prepared him for the sight of Britnee standing naked in her doorway. He stood staring, mouth open, at her supple, packed body and her huge, melon shaped tits until she grabbed him by the hand and ushered him inside.

Don't just stand there, good lookin'," she had giggled, "Git in here so we's can get re-acquainted!"

Frank sat on the sofa where Britnee motioned. He accepted the drink she offered and the joint she lit without saying a word. He was too dumbstruck by her beauty! Britnee sat next to him with her legs up on the cushion and leaned close, one arm resting on the sofa back and the other casually draped over his thigh. 

"You sure don't talk much, do you, sugar," Britnee said, passing the joint. "It's okay! I prolly shoulda put some clothes on 'fore you come up here n I'm sure my little titties here are kinda show stoppers!" She rose from the sofa, "I'll just get dressed real quick so's you don' feel so awkward!"

"No, no," Frank exclaimed, trying to hide his nervousness! " I uhh.. I mean, uhh, It's ok if you like being naked! I mean..." He gulped his drink down, "Could I have another drink?"

Britnee giggled and walked to the kitchen, making sure to put a little swish in her hips so Frank could fully appreciate her full, round ass with every step.When she returned, Frank tried not to stare at her naked tits but they were so disproportionately large compared to the rest of her petite body, he just couldn't help himself.

Britnee grinned as she handed him his drink then, pretended to drop something and turned and bent over at the waist, Giving the nervous, young hunk a close up view of her impossibly round ass. Looking back over her shoulder, she blew him a kiss and breathed, "Like what you see, Frankie?"

Frank tried to be a gentleman and looked away. Britnee giggled and turned, letting her fat tits swing, "It's okay if you look, baby, you're supposed to!"

Frank grinned and relaxed, 'It's just that you're so beautiful!"

Britnee straddled Frank and sat right down on his lap. The bulge in his crotch threatening to tear a hole in the fabric. It rubbed against Britnee's wet pussy, causing the horny teen slut to gasp with surprise as she felt just how thick it was. She leaned in and took Frank's hands, placing one on her right tit and the other on her left buttcheek.

" and it's even more okay if you do more than just look," she said in a low, sultry voice. She kissed Frank lightly, then deeply. Is mouth opened and Britnee teased his tongue with hers and soon the two were tongue wrestling like horny teenagers, which they were! Frank's hands gripped and massaged her tit and ass as he grew hotter and hornier, sucking on Britnee's tongue!

They broke their kiss and Frank looked deep in Britnee's eyes. "You're so amazing! You taste so good! And your scent," he gasped!

"Baby, you are a fucking hunk! Why weren't you this handsome in school? And the scent is coconut oil. It's my skin lotion. I'm so glad you like it!"

Britnee stuffed her tongue back in Frank's mouth and the two began a much more heated make out session, grinding and massaging, licking and sucking, feeling and groping each other like wild animals! Frank's senses were overwhelmed by Britnee and he was on the verge of losing all control! Britnee's cunt was soaking Frank's pants and she could feel his mammoth prick throbbing against her! They broke their kiss and glared with lust at each other! 

Britnee slid down between Frank's legs and her fingers tore at his pants! "I can't stand it," she cried! "I gotta see this fucking donkey dick!"

Frank lifted his hips to help he pull his pants off! His 12inch monster sprang from its cloth prison and slapped Britnee's chin! The tiny slut stared at it open mouthed in disbelief! It was the biggest cock she had ever seen! The base alone had to be at least 3 inches in diameter, if not more! The upwardly curving shaft was almost as thick and the head! The head was at least two inches long! Britnee was afraid to touch it! She grabbed her drink and swallowed it down in one gulp without ever taking her eyes off the throbbing, huge prick!

"Tape measure," she cried, reaching behind her and grabbing one off the coffee table! A moment later, "Oh my MotherFucking GAWD!! It's 7 and a half inches around! At the Base!" 

She then measured the shaft, "Shit! Six! No, Six and three quarters! Jesus, Frankie," She screamed!

Frank became shy again, "I know I'm a freak," he stammered!

"Hush," Britnee commanded, draping the tape over the top of his dick. Holding the tape end against the root, she carefully laid the tape against his cock, making sure it followed the curve up to the tip. Then, she shook her head in disbelief.

"...9, 10, 11..., Shit, Frankie! You gots an honest-to-goodness 12-inch mega-cock here!" Britnee squealed with delight! Frank's cock jerked at the sound, "Wait a minute," Britnee frowned, "Oh my fucking God!"

She looked at Frank with a mixture of fear and wonder. "Your cock just grew another inch!"

Frank blushed, "it does that sometimes... It's like it's alive or something!" He pushed Britnee's hands away, "Watch!"

Frank's enormous prick began pulsing and jerking. After a few seconds, it started slapping against his belly. "Whenever I get nervous or super horny, it does that! All on it's own!"

Britnee grabbed the flopping meat stick and began to stroke it with both hands, "Let me see if I kin help you relax, baby!"

The cock was too big for her fingers to fit around and she squeezed and stroked the throbbing beast as best she could. She marveled at the site of it, it was so big with a vein running up from the base as thick as her middle finger that branched out into smaller veins that ran the length of the shaft and twisted back on each other! The head, which had been a rosy pink color when she first saw it was now a darker, deeper reddish purple that looked somewhat menacing! Britnee bent closer to lick the free flowing precum drooling out with each pulse of the main vein when it happened! 

Frank's cock erupted, splashing Britnee in the face so hard, she fell off the couch and blacked out! Frank jumped and tried to stop himself from cumming! The best he could do was point his fat cock at the floor and soak the carpet. He knelt next to Britnee, worried that she was dead but, the tiny slut blinked and sat up and shook her head.

"Goddamn, baby," she laughed, wiping the cum off her face and slurping it lewdly off her fingers, "You got a serious Weapon of Mass Destruction there! Whoooo! Shit, I need that cock inside me!" She looked at Frank with a look of joy that bordered on religious fervor! "And this has got to be the sweetest, best-tasting jizz I ever did eat! Hell, It's the tastiest thing I ever tasted of anything!"

"I'm sorry I hurt you, Britnee," Frank stammered, trying to pull his pants up. "I didn't mean t-"

"Hush, baby," Britnee giggled, rising to her feet, "Why don't you get cleaned up n get outta them clothes so I can show that cock the proper respect it deserves!"

Frank stumbled to the bathroom. Britnee wiped her face clean and took a long drink of whiskey. Picking up her phone, she sent a text to her mother that read: Jesus H Christ mom! You weren't kidding!

Brandee would have responded but, her hands were full. One hand full of Jayden's 10-inch monster and one hand full of Jed's! She had managed to fit both of their bloated cockheads between her lips and was busy milking their hot cum loads down her throat!

When Frank returned from the bathroom, Britnee was again surprised by what she saw. Frank had been a tall, skinny geek in high school but now, he was a tall, well muscled, toned man! He wasn't bulked up like a weightlifter, but well defined and slender with a perfect six pack, like a sprinter or basketball player. With a 12-inch penis swinging between his legs.

"Wow," was the only thing Britnee could say. She felt a small orgasm wash over her and shuddered with lust.

Frank shrugged, "I joined a gym last year. What do you think?" He grinned and showed her a muscle man pose.

"I think you need to sit the fuck down so I's can worship that big, beautiful cock, Frank Maple! Now git over here, you sweet, handsome hunk of stud!"

Frank reclined on the sofa as Britnee knelt between his thighs, moaning softly as she felt the heat from his cock and ball sack. The sack was almost as big as Britnee's tits and the young girl wondered if she would be able to get even one of his peach sized nuts into her mouth. Leaning in, she began licking the heavy sack. The dank, sweaty, manly scent of Frank's balls made her head swim and she sucked and licked them with abandon while stroking his huge, throbbing tool with both hands! 

Frank groaned as he watched her slurp noisily on his nuts! The feeling of her tongue was amazing, and each time she took a ball into her mouth sent waves of electric pleasure coursing through his body and making his cock grow even harder! Britnee's lust became animalistic and she slobbered and sucked on the massive balls like a woman possessed! She snorted and gulped and spit and sputtered as she tried desperately to fill her mouth with Fran's huge balls, all the while jerking his bloated prick harder and faster!

Frank cried out, "I can't stand it! I'm gonna Cum!" and with one last stroke from Britnee's hands, exploded! Wad after wad of hot jizz shot out of his 12-inch cock splashing Britnee's back and his belly! Britnee lapped at the wet goo as it rained down on her face from above and kept jerking the pulsing rod, urging it to soak everything in its path! Britnee moaned as she pumped, feeling her own orgasm rip through her and, she squirted hot cum onto her thighs and the floor under her, mixing with Frank's cum! 

After several minutes of pure ecstasy, Frank stopped groaning and his body relaxed as his balls finally emptied. He was covered in sweat and breathing deeply as he smiled at Britnee with love in his eyes! He shuddered with pleasure as Britnee squeezed his flared cockhead to milk the last dollops of cum out.

"Oh my God," were the only words he could think to say! "That was Insane!"

"Baby," Britnee replied, licking cum from his thighs and balls, "You ain't seen nuthin, yet! Ima make you see double 'fore I'm through tonight! Now, lift your legs back. Way back!"

She released his still throbbing cock and licked the soft spot under his balls before teasing his tiny, wrinkled sphincter with her tongue. Frank's body spasmed at her touch and he groaned loudly as she rimmed his asshole! His cock began beating itself against his belly as she stabbed and teased the puckered hole! Britnee grinned as Frank moaned and sighed "ohmygodohmygodohmygod" with lustful delight. Britnee loved eating ass and knew it was something Frank had never experienced! His tight hole flexed and she slipped the tip of her tongue in, fluttering it, making Frank tense up!

"You're gonna make me shoot again," he moaned, grinding against her face!

"MMM, not yet, baby! I still gotta throat that beautiful cunt wrecker 'o yours," she replied, moving her mouth to the base of his thumping prick!

With one long, slow lick, Britnee danced her tongue up the thick, fat vein on the underside of Frank's cock, kissing it and swirling her fluttering tongue on the spongy flesh, feeling Frank grind in his seat at the lewd pleasure of it! With one hand, she pushed his cock down and licked the top side all the way to his pubic hair. Then she licked the sides, picking up speed until the entire foot long pole was covered in her spit! 

"Fuck! Your cock tastes so fuckin' good," Brinee moaned before teasing the soft spot just under the cockhead. A move that elicited a large drop of precum to ooze out and drip on her tongue. She continued licking the huge, throbbing head, swirling her tongue around it and stabbing it into the piss hole,slurping up the precum and her spit. Frank could only sit back and watch as every muscle in his body flexed and relaxed. It was as if his entire body was one big, throbbing cock and the pleasure washing over him paralyzed him!

Britnee took a deep Breath and slowly wrapped her lips around the bloated cockhead. It was almost too big for her pouty lips but, working the tip in and out, she was able to engulf the entire head and she sucked on it for all she was worth!

"Oh God! Oh Fuck that's so good," He moaned! His hips thrust up involuntarily at the pleasure Britnee gave him!

Britnee released his fat prick with an audible "POP"! She looked Frank in the eye and took his cock in her mouth again, this time sucking her way down a fraction of an inch. Then another fraction. Then another, milking Frank with her lips before coming up for air. Swallowing deep, she returned to her work, taking another inch of hard cock into her mouth by fractions, never taking her eyes off Frank's! 

Minutes passed. Frank's breathing was deep and ragged. He had never felt anything so wonderful in his life! Britnee now had at least 4 inches of his monster in her mouth and she only stopped to come up for air and to wipe the huge globs of spit that drooled out of that mouth onto his trembling shaft. She gasped and gulped air then grinned and shoved her face back on his prick, taking it to the back of her throat!

Wrapping one hand around the base of Frank's cock and, the other hand just above it, Britnee squeezed the mighty cock as hard as she could and began pumping her head up and down, slapping the back of her throat with the burning hot fuck stick! 

"Oh, Holy Fuck," Frank groaned, trying desperately not to cum!

Britnee slurped her way back up his enraged cock and grinned as she gasped for air and let her spit drool down her chin. "Now, Frank," she said, taking his hands and placing them on her head, "This is how you treat a dirty fuckin' slut like me! It's called 'throat bangin'' an' if you wanna be a real stud, you gotta show your slut who's boss! You make me take this fat cock an' you pound the back of my throat with it! I'll show ya! Ima sucks this huge prick right down and when I slap your thigh, you pump it hard! I want you to hurt me, Frankie! Leave a fuckin' mark!

Frank was too overcome with lust to argue. He held her head tight in his hands, groaning as she devoured his massive cock and, when she gave the signal, began slowly pumping his hips up and down, relishing the sweet feeling of his cockhead slapping the back of her throat. It felt so good, he held her still, letting his prick flex until Britnee slapped him again and he pulled her off so she could breathe!

"Yeah, Baby," Britnee gasped! "But, faster! Harder! Make me gag on the shit! Hurt me, Ba-!"

Frank shut her up by stuffing her face again, this time showing no mercy! He slammed her throat over and over, giving her the throat fucking she deserved! The young stud only relented to let Britnee breathe, then it was more of the same! 

Britnee Came hard! Her whole body trembled and shook as one Orgasm after another ripped through her as she fed on Frank's cock! Tears ran down her cheeks and her screams of pleasure were muffled by his foot long cock! Frank felt her mouth vibrating around his cock and let go with another orgasm of his own! 

Britnee gagged and choked as the hot cum blasted her throat and splashed out from her stretched out lips! The teen fuck slut tore the erupting prick from her mouth and coughed and sputtered and jerked the pulsing cock with both hands, mixing her throat slime with the creamy cum on the hot flesh!
