 About two weeks before graduation, I came home from work on a Monday to get some very bad news when I arrived. My wife's mother had suffered a stroke and was hospitalized in Connecticut. She was in very bad shape. Our daughter still had 2 weeks of school, so it would be impossible for her leave right now. After talking with our babysitters, our neighbors, and my daughter's best friend, we figured between all of us we could get Kelly to school and then picked up from the bus stop without totally wrecking my work schedule. We decided Pam would fly out immediately, and we would fly Kelly out when she finished the school year.

We got Pam off early the next morning without incident. On Friday evening I had a fundraiser to attend to support student scholarships. Too many of my coworkers knew my wife for me to risk taking a date, but I was happy that Brittany would be able to baby sit for the evening. Immediately I started thinking about how to make the evening even more enjoyable, but in the end just decided to let it go and see how things turned out. 

Brittany showed up on time and I prepared to head out. I had her look over my suit and tie to make sure I was presentable and to show off a bit. She adjusted the knot of my tie and then shooed me out the door after reminding me not to drink and drive. 

"You look great Mr. James, have a nice time," she said.

"Thanks, I will try," I replied. 

I slipped my cell phone in my pocket, picked up my keys, and gave my daughter a kiss on the forehead.

"Make sure you behave yourself," I reminded her. 

"Give me a call if you have any problems, ok Brittany."

"Oh don't worry, she will be fine," Brittany replied. "Now get going."

I couldn't help but notice how cute she was as I walked into the garage, got in my car, and drove down to my dinner. It was the usual work crowd. Lots of alumni, and some well known donors we were schmoozing for more donations to support our students. 

The food was decent, there was a silent auction of some artwork, but the biggest fund raiser was probably the cash bar manned by our Athletic Department staffers.

I flirted with a few of my single female coworkers, and even a couple of the coeds who were student workers in my department. By 10pm I was ready to get out of there, so I paid my regrets and my goodbyes and headed home.

The house was dark as I drove up. I opened the garage door, pulled in and stopped. I closed the garage door and walked into the quiet house. As I neared the stairs that lead up to the second floor, I saw a faint glow coming from down the hall from my bedroom.

I quietly walked in a found the girls asleep on my bed watching the DVD of Titanic. I slide my arms under Kelly and carried her to her bedroom and tucked her in. I turned on her night light, turned the ceiling fan on low, and then left, closing the door behind me.

I walked back to my bedroom, dropped my suit jacket and tie on the dresser, then went in to my bathroom. I took a leak, washed my hands and face and brushed my teeth. I returned to my bedroom, being careful not to disturb Brittany as she was sleeping. I turned off the bed stand light she had on, letting just the TV light the room. 

I sat down beside her and ran my hands thru her hair a couple of times. 

"Hey sleepyhead," I said. "How was Kelly?"

"I'm so sorry," she said. "I must have fallen asleep."

She sat up, looked around quickly, with a slightly surprised look on her face.

"Where is she?" Brittany asked.

"Don't worry, I just tucked her into bed," I told her. I was not sure if she realized I was still gently stroking her hair.

"Oh thank goodness," she said. "I almost had a heart attack when I woke up and she wasn't here."

"She is out like a light," I assured her.

I noticed her eyes turn back to the TV as Leo and Kate were in the garage of the great ocean liner. I knew what was coming up. I think she did too.

I thought this might be my best chance, so I took a shot.

"This is about over," I told her. "Do you want to finish watching it before I take you home?" I asked.

She hesitated for several seconds, the said, "I guess so, if that's all right."

"Of course it is," I said as I slid up beside her, pushed two pillows against the headboard and lay back beside her. She sat there for a few moments, then pushed her pillows beside mine, then slowly lay back as well. 

I put my arm around her shoulder, and pulled her close to me in the darkened room, lit only by the glow of the TV. She rested her head on my shoulder as Leo and Kate climbed up in the car to make out. I tried to be cool as I leaned back and looked at her face as the scene where the lovers were going at in the back seat of the car played out.

Her breathing got more rapid, but the she caught me staring at her. I turned away as she said, "That is so tacky, being in the back seat of the car.'

"Oh stop it," I challenged her. "Don't tell me you never had made out in a car before."

Her face got red as she thought about her answer. "Well maybe a little," she admitted. "But not like that. Not all the way in a car."

I let her words hang in the air for a few moments, and then I had to ask the question.

"Well where do you go to go all way?" I asked.

She froze for a moment, then punched me in the arm. "That is none of your business. I can't believe you asked me that."

I had to wrap her up in my arms and roll her onto her back to control her. 

"Well you know I am always nosey. What did you expect me to ask?"

She kind of squirmed under me a little, but I was easily able to control her.

I lowered my head until my lips were close to her ear and softly repeated the question.

"So where do you go to make out Brittany? Did you ever get to relax on a king size bed in complete privacy?" She was still twisting under me, but with less intensity.

"Well no. Never in a bed, really," she said.

I leaned over her and kissed her on the lips. She quit fighting me and kissed me back very hard, forcing her tongue into my mouth.

We forgot the movie as we kissed. I slide my hand to her cheek and gently stroked her face for a moment, then let my hand slide down her shoulder, past her arm, and down to her waist. I slide my hand along her hip and cupped her small, but perfectly formed ass.

She moaned in my mouth while we were kissing as I massaged her ass, grinding herself backwards into the palm of my hand. We continued our passionate kissing there occasionally rolling around the bed and changing positions. Eventually I ended up beside her. I sat partly up as I reluctantly pulled my hand away from her ass. I leaned over her and kissed her cheek, her ears, her nose, her neck, and then began working my way down her chest. Even though he room was somewhat dark, I could easily see her nipples were firm and standing out on her small breasts.

I paused just for a moment, then leaned back over her and continued kissing my way down across the gentle swell of her breasts. I felt her stiffen as she realized what I was doing. I thought she might be getting ready to stop me, so I had to distract her fast. I took my right hand and rested it on her upper left thigh for a moment, resting it there on her blue jeans, then began to slowly massage her thigh. Her entire body tensed up for a moment and I felt her shaking. I took that moment to let my mouth drift over her nipple, taking it in my mouth through her shirt, and gently blew on it, knowing she was feeling my warm breath directly on her hard little nipple.

She moaned a couple of times, and then slowly began to relax, so as I continued to blow and tease her nipple, I gently and slowly began massaging her thigh. My thumb was on her inner thigh, and as I pressed deeply against her skinny jeans, I could feel her pushing back against my hand.

I began alternating my attention to her breasts sucking and licking one, finding they were both equally sensitive.

I stopped for a moment to see how she was doing. 

"Is this ok," I asked her. "Do you like this?"

"Yes," she replied in her teenage girl voice.

I kissed her hard on the mouth again, then wrapped my right arm around her waist and rolled over onto my back, pulling her on top of me. I continued my assault on her mouth, as I massaged her ass. I pulled her down against me. 

I was looking into her face as she realized my hard cock was pressed against her. He eyes widened, then closed, as she pushed back against me, grinding against my cock. 

I grabbed her ass again, then cupped the back of her left knee and pulled her leg over me, spreading her legs wider for me. I slid my hand back over her ass, then down between her legs, and gently began rubbing her pussy from behind. Her body quivered as bit as she felt my hand rubbing against her.

She soon developed a rhythm, rocking against my cock, then pushing back against my hand, then back to rubbing against my cock. As she pressed up against me, I began to thrust my cock back against her. Her eyes were tightly shut as she focused on the sensations washing over her. Time lost its meaning to me as we continued like this for quite a while. I decided it was time for us to go a bit further. I pulled my hand away from her ass, and then rolled her onto her back, as I ended up next to her on my left side. 

I kissed her neck several times then rested my hand on her stomach for a bit. I then ran my fingers lightly over the button of her tight jeans, and unsnapped the top button. I slowly ran my fingers over the zipper of her jean and then began easing it down, wondering if she knew what I was doing. When I got her jeans unzipped, I slipped my hand inside the front of her jeans and ran my fingers down over her silky thong and cupped her little pussy through her soaking wet panties.

I leaned close to her ear and whispered to her, "Do you like this Brittany? Do you like me touching you like this?"

"Yes," she kind of moaned back to me. "Don't stop," she said as she began bucking against my hand.

I moved my fingers up just a bit to get over the waistband of her thong, then slipped my hand under the material and pushed back down and slid over her smooth shaved pussy lips.

"You're completely smooth," I commented as I rubbed a finger on either of her pussy lips. "Did you shave for me before you came over tonight?" I asked her.

Her cheeks reddened as she blushed when she realized I knew. 

"Yes," she whispered to me. "I usually keep it shaved, but I did shave it tonight for you. Do you like it?"

"Yes, Brittany, I like it very much. It feels so nice and smooth. I really like rubbing it. I think I would like licking it too. Would you like that?"

"I've never done that," she replied. "How does it feel?"

"It feels better than anything you have ever felt in your life," I assured her. "Would you let me try to do it a little and see if you like it?"

"Ok" she said. "Maybe a little bit."